“No,” John said quickly. He was glad for the dark interior of the car. He cleared his throat. “I mean. Yes? I haven’t. Been with.” He cleared his throat again. He didn’t know why he admitted that, why he thought it was important to say that. Sherlock wouldn’t care. He didn’t care about stuff like that, right? Right. So why was John so nervous? Sherlock was just trying to be supportive. Right?
John sucked in a breath, held it, looked around again. Blew his breath out. Was he really telling this to a stranger? On the other hand, this was the most interesting conversation he’d had in weeks.
Sherlock picked up his fork again, but his interest in eating was apparently dwindling apace to Rosie’s.
“This video is a combination of sounds, especially sounds that are very often requested” (the “t” broke like an egg over the back of John’s skull), but seem to not have enough time in the videos. These sounds to me are quite...
No one could blame John Watson for having sleepless nights. War veteran, widowed single father, doctor, colleague and friend of Sherlock Holmes, and perpetually spied upon by the two most astute agents in British intelligence history (Mrs Hudson and Mycroft Holmes, in that order); no, in his insomnia at least John Watson was blameless. Night after night, long after Rosie had fallen soundly asleep like the little angel she was, long after Sherlock had sent the last of his incessant texts, and long after the guilt, grief and anger John felt for his dead wife had risen and ebbed away, the tide pulling farther back each passing week, John Watson lay awake in bed, exhausted and sleepless.
Sherlock looked as he usually did, and he gave John his customary, minute up-and-down eye flick that meant he was cataloguing what John had been up to, possibly so he could use it to embarrass, startle or derail him later on. John accepted it like one accepted things like death and taxes and stood aside to let Sherlock enter.
John didn’t confront Sherlock about it right away. It was easy, as there was a lot to keep them busy, what with John and Rosie’s moving back to Baker Street, his and Sherlock’s individual and joint therapy sessions, and their getting to third base. John let things settle.
After a critical once-over that absolutely did not arouse John, Sherlock had pronounced that what John needed was more cases; and so for two weeks, their case load increased exponentially. Sherlock took whatever case he could, and between the two of them, they solved a murder, two robberies, a missing person case, and a $3 000 000 fraud. They also found the secret ingredient to Angelo’s mushroom risotto, which they used to blackmail endless helpings of said risotto from him. Yet still John couldn’t fall asleep.
to do; then sighed and retired to the couch, sitting so he wouldn’t drop off with the new headphones still on, Rosie’s baby monitor facing him on the coffee table.
“Not really a wide margin of escape,” Greg comments. “If John hadn’t wrestled Idleman off of you...”
“I’m sure that’s not true,” John said on reflex, but amended it: “No, of course you have one, it’s just buried under a lot of wank.”
After a listless Friday, the weekend whipped past, aggravatingly cold. John spent much of it indoors with Rosie. He didn’t hear a peep from Sherlock and after typing out and deleting half a dozen texts (“Good luck”, “Thank you”, “I’m sorry”, “You git”, “I’m in love with you”) he gave it up as a bad job and hoped (prayed?) Sherlock’s case wouldn’t get him killed.
John grimaced. “Yeah, I think he’s busy with an important case. That’s what he told me, anyway.” John forewent telling her why he suspected Sherlock told him so.
“Your evangelism technique,” Sherlock responded dryly, drawing a bark of laughter from John. But even as he laughed he was thinking that he shouldn’t. That he should ring off and forget this conversation and forget this man, before… Well, before he
“There is a box of chocolates,” John told her, “somewhere in my right hand. Please pry it from my fingers.”
“I think we’re both hungry little bees, John, thanks for asking,” said Sherlock dryly, pulling Rosie’s high chair closer to the table. She and the bee toy both went onto it. Sherlock idled, picking up and immediately discarding an old newspaper.
“Who am I?” repeats the tall man, not even bothering to pause from his close inspection of the second corpse to give the camera a withering glare: he doles it out at the body, like it’s a prism that will refract his displeasure toward the correct person. “Who are
John woke his laptop up and pulled up his browser. When he’d typed up the email it had automatically opened his favourite tabs, which included YouTube. He almost clicked there out of habit, wondering which of his favourite ASMRtists had uploaded since he’d been on last before he paused.
“Thanks!” John shouted to the bartender, taking the two beers from her. He craned around for Sherlock, but he was nowhere to be seen. John strongly considered abandoning both drinks and making a break for it, but then someone said, “Need some help with those?”
John released him immediately, but he moved a half-step closer. Their last few encounters flashed through his mind. Had Sherlock... Had he been asking...?
The “unless” came about the Wednesday after. John had taken his lunch to a local park. The December chill was significant enough that it meant he had the pick of the prime benches. He took one next to the little splash of pond, a steely and unattractive grey under the overcast sky. John burrowed deeply into his coat and scarf and didn’t even pretend to consider eating; just sat there and brooded on an empty stomach, freezing his arse off.
Her rant is interrupted by an absent-minded, “Donovan!” from across the room. The camera zooms in on Greg leaning over the mummified second corpse, face lit up with horror as he pats his pockets down, looking for something.
“There’s only one way to solve it,” Sherlock said. “But it’s—it’s dangerous. The most dangerous thing I’ve ever – will ever...”
“I’ve been meaning to ask...” John watched for Sherlock’s response. His eyes flew open immediately, his countenance becoming a touch wary.
“I think he’s trying to be nice to me.” John’s eyes were unfocused; he was looking inward, back to their last conversation, and to the revelation he had had in the frozen park. “I think he’s realised that I...” He blew out a breath. “That I have feelings for him. I think he’s trying to give me an out because obviously he doesn’t feel the same way.”
“Is Mycroft paying her, d’you think?” John asked Sherlock, picking a babbling Rosie up. Sherlock was clearing the table with as much enthusiasm as you’d expect someone like Sherlock to have for such a mundane task.
the little darling!” she exclaimed, immediately reaching for Rosie. Rosie, who had been settling into a real sulk (probably because John had changed out of four different sets of clothing, and gotten more irate with himself after each change) lit up like a string of Christmas lights.
“They work together, don’t they?” the producer asks, but just as Molly’s facial expression resolves back into pleased coyness, the producer adds, “And live together.”
John tapped cautiously and with the volume on his tablet on low, but the blue link merely took him to a Wikipedia page. According to the article, “Auto-Sensory Meridian Response” was the name for a physical sensation felt by some people when they heard certain sounds: whispering, soft speaking, tapping, crinkling and so on. The phenomenon was largely self-reported, with little in the way of official research.
But Sherlock surprised him by saying, “No.” He stared off into the middle-distance before appearing to snap out of it. He pocketed his hands in his coat and bounced his eyes around the room, frowning. “I tried,” he explained, sounding distracted, even nervous. “Truly. I thought about it every way I can. I...”
Molly’s lips thinned. “I think he misses you,” she said in a determined sort of way that John both appreciated for her sake but was annoyed by.
John sighed and filled their mugs, carrying them to the table. “Nothing. We’re a very well-oiled machine, aren’t we?”
John shifted Rosie and staggered to his feet. God, he was too old to be sleeping on the sofa. “Put on the kettle, won’t you?” he called over his shoulder, carrying his daughter through to her room. He could hear a vague sound of assent, and a moment later, while he struggled with Rosie’s sleepsuit, the kettle went on.
Sherlock paced, avoiding his eyes. The more John saw of him, the more frazzled he looked. John’s stomach dropped, right past anger, frustration and into despair.
John slipped in beside him, sighing as he settled before looking over to Sherlock. Sherlock was studying him in minute eye twitches. John felt remarkably calm about the attention.
There was a bit of silence while they both acknowledged this clearly to be a lie, but avoided talking about it.
John snorted. “No,” he said, but with no conviction. Because while John automatically denied it, his brain conjured an image of Sherlock that night in Baker Street, his back to him, asking him to sleep over.
John only made it to the eight-minute mark (“Rothman International”) before he abruptly pulled his headphones off, switched off his tablet and for good measure, shut both away in a kitchen drawer. He leaned against the counter a moment, running a hand over his face and hair.
“No.” John smiled to try to soften the word, but judging by Rosie’s unhappy burble, he guess it failed to do so. “I’ll always admire him, but, no.”
“Maybe we should...” a female mumble suggests off-screen, while Greg blushes, swears and apologises.
“Hullo.” Sarah smiled and stood aside to let them in. She hadn’t changed clothes, which John took to mean that this was in no way, shape or form a date – thank God.
“I see.” The woman’s interest withdrew as suddenly as a tide pulling back, and John, replaying the conversation, realised what she thought he meant: that he was gay and looking for his ‘friend’.
oversleep. She did ask,” Sherlock added, with an unconvincing look of innocence, “if you had taken her advice. What does a fellow doctor prescribe for insomnia?” Sherlock wondered.
John felt decidedly underwhelming, dressed as he was in comfortable but faded jeans and an oatmeal jumper that had seen better days.
John’s first instinct was to change the subject, let the conversation patter out, bid her a good day when she inevitably departed early. But this was Molly. If anyone in the whole world could begin to understand...
Sherlock wanted. He’d been so sure, over the years, that Sherlock wasn’t like that. He remembered some of the things Sherlock had said...but John also remembered all the times he
“Then how’d you know all that? About—being unattached?” John couldn’t help a furtive look around like Harry was about to pop out from behind a pillar demanding to know why he hadn’t returned any of her thirteen phone calls.
“Jesus Christ!” John startled to consciousness so fast he cricked his neck. He was too slow to catch his tablet before it slid into the crack between the sofa cushions, and struggled a few seconds to disentangle himself from the earphones. He felt a little like a train had hit him.
to. Yeah. Shit. Well?” John asked Sherlock, when the man stared at him, frowning. “Do you want to drive home? I mean, Baker Street,” he amended hastily.
“What do--?” John clicked his tongue. “I haven’t met anyone. I don’t know why you think that, honestly. No,” John said because Sherlock had opened his mouth and was surely planning on telling him
“You’re the best man that I know,” John told him simply. It had been true the first time he’d said it, and John found that he still meant it, still believed it.
John patted his face dry. He felt... Well, not better. But emptier. Like some of the murk had been washed from his soul.
bothered him, and John had been so wrapped up in his own realisation about Sherlock that he hadn’t noticed it.
“John!” he shouts with a violent twitch, emerging from a drizzle of napping, scaring everyone but the doctor in question.
“What, John?” Sherlock’s voice was husky. He finished sliding out of his jacket and discarded it on the couch, his eyes moving deliberately over John’s body. He started unbuckling his belt.
That got a laugh from John. He wouldn’t have thought, back when it happened, that he would be able to laugh about that time; yet here they were. Still, John would be lying if he pretended the cuts didn’t still bleed from time to time.
“I never pegged you as the father type,” Sarah remarked. She pulled the mac and cheese from the oven; the generous cheesy top layer bubbled as she set it on top of the stove. “That’s one of the reasons I went out with you.”
John stared at his reflection in the vanity mirror above the sink. He looked exactly like a forty-something who had slept properly for the first time in weeks, on a sofa: dishevelled, a bit grey, a bit pasty. It had been months since he’d gone out. He spent his days working or helping Sherlock with cases; his nights and weekends he spent holed up with Rosie, or taking her to play parks or out on walks if the weather was alright. He knew several children shows’ tunes by heart. He hadn’t watched a rugby match, drank a whiskey, or flirted outrageously in ages.
Inside, the pub has been floodlit. Judging by the general amount of wear-and-tear, it’s easy to surmise the current investigation wasn’t the bar’s first.
“So what’s the case?” he asked instead, arranging their mugs and dropping teabags into them with the wary resignation that seemed to mark so much of his friendship with the world’s most infuriating and difficult man.
This gave John a glimmer of hope. More energised, he made himself a cup of tea and pulled his mobile out. Perhaps he was overreacting. He knew how Sherlock was; he’d probably just gotten busy with some case or other. They lived at opposite ends of the city. He couldn’t expect to see or hear from him that often.
“And Sherlock Holmes is a ‘consulting detective’?” the producer ascertains when John continues to stare at her without blinking.
“Pardon me,” said a deep voice. John followed it up a lanky, well-dressed frame to an intelligent face that was all lips and cheekbone, angular planes topped with dark, artfully disheveled curls.
He mentally flicked through his options. Yoga? Tennis? Christ. He had a sudden mental image of himself trying to play the clarinet again, which was enough to spur him on to consult the modern oracle that was Google.
John nodded to his reflection, resolute. He wouldn’t need to listen to ASMR again, and Sherlock wouldn’t instinctively feel the need to pry, and so would never be able to guess that John’s very first thought upon hearing the blonde woman’s “Good evening” had been how much he wished it was
“I did meet someone.” John watched Sherlock absorb this information. Before he could get the wrong idea, John added, “Half a dozen years ago, in a lab. My friend Mike introduced us.”
“Then what the fuck is going on?” But the anger had evaporated. John just felt tired. He tried to distract Rosie with a toy, but she had started crying in earnest, upset by their friction. He lifted her out of the high chair and, after a second’s hesitation, offered her to Sherlock. “She misses you.”
Sherlock’s face flickered before he settled on “brazen”: “You said something about dinner. Well, here--”
Rosie, who was so unlike him and Mary: cheerful, curious, trusting. John had failed himself, he’d failed her mother, he’d failed Sherlock and Harry and a litany of people – but maybe, for Rosie...
Dr. Molly Hooper’s smile jumps around on her face. Her cheeks are flushed and her lipstick badly applied.
John plopped Rosie in place before embarking on the occult ritual of “What toy is most likely to keep her from screaming her head off?” While he put various toys in front of her, he asked, “You weren’t planning a family?”
But for all his gently swaying Rosie, John didn’t quite believe him. “Sarah invited us over for dinner. No,” he pre-empted, busying himself with the kettle, “it wasn’t a date. Just friends catching up.”
a forty-one-year-old seamstress from Leeds as they claim to be on their Facebook profile, but rather an enterprising fifteen-year-old who accepts Bitcoin in exchange for ‘organically’ promoting YouTube content. I’d noticed that you liked a lot of their suggestions, so...”
The video was in John’s history on YouTube. He tapped through to the channel itself – Casebook ASMR. It had just over five hundred subscribers – not a lot, by ASMRtist standards. John scrolled back. There were about half a dozen videos. The first one had been posted several months ago, at least two months before John had listened to his first ASMR video.
“Brilliant man,” John went on, letting the back of his fingers trail along Sherlock’s scruffy jaw. “A good one, too. Too good for me, I’m afraid.” His voice broke a little on the last few words.
war and earned some distinction for doing what he’d always been doing in one form or another anyway.
John had set up in the sitting room, pulling the desk away from the wall it stood up against. Beyond his laptop and the lamp next to it, he kept the room dark. The microphones – he used two – were set up on either side of the laptop. Files were stacked on the side farthest from the camera.
He was not, John told himself, latching the bathroom door, fleeing. He was not. He had to pee and freshen up. If he didn’t do it now, while Sherlock was still here, who knows when he’d get a chance? A one-year-old could keep one surprisingly busy.
Forty-four-years old and turned on by a whisper! John thought blackly, but even as he thought it, he knew that wasn’t quite it – wasn’t quite
“We’re in the flat of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson,” the producer whispers, off-screen, “watching the deduction process in progress. Mr. Holmes has indicated that he’s remarkably close to a breakthrough--”
Sherlock took two drags to answer. “Yes,” he decided. He gave John a half-smile, more remote than anything, before dropping and stubbing out the cigarette with his shoe.
With Rosie settled for another indeterminate of time with Shaun the Sheep, John was free to start processing the footage he’d recorded. It was rough, but he worked on it on and off the whole day, in between entertaining and otherwise caring for Rosie and himself. He set it to upload while he bathed Rosie and got her settled, and made himself yet another cup of tea before he sat down at the kitchen table to check the upload’s progress.
Intrigued and desperate and most of all, exhausted, John opened YouTube and typed in “ASMR”. The screen quickly filled with results. He tapped on one of the first people who came up, a blonde woman with large eyes who absolutely
“Rosie just said her first real word,” John said, desperate to have a normal, non-fraught adult conversation.
“You enjoyed that,” Sherlock remarked from the passenger seat. They’d pulled into a parking ahead of a Honda, but not even the Soho crowd’s cussing could drown out John’s temporary moment of bliss. The Governor’s Duck was a hive of activity on the corner, but John could have cared less.
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed, eyes falling to the area in question. He swallowed visibly and licked his lips. John’s boner became decidedly more optimistic.
“Dull,” the man complained. The line rattled like he was moving around on the other end. After a moment the noise settled.
“Did you have a nice time, darling?” John asked her, cuddling her close. She made those “uh, uh, uh” noise that babies seem to make for no apparent reason. He absolutely did not have a lump in his throat. “Did you and Mrs Hudson have a good time?”
There was another burst of knocking. John swung his feet from the bed, not bothering with robe or slippers. Moving soundlessly, he retrieved his gun from the small gun safe in the closet before padding out into the flat proper.
The only sign Sherlock felt at all uncomfortable with the touch was him sucking on the tip of one of his scratch mitts. If he was too upset, he would have begun squirming and trying to get away from John's stethoscope.
Daddy gently pushed Benedict to lie down on the bed and snugged him into the clean nappy. He shook out the rumpled blankets and tucked him in, then went around to his side of the bed and toed off his slippers.
Almost before John had come back around to the side of the booster, there was a wretched, wet retching sound, and Sherlock's bib was half-covered in watery vomit.
Preventing dehydration was definitely still a priority. Sherlock's body would need plenty of fluids to flush the drugs from his system, and he'd just spat up nearly half of the water he drank.
Obviously, the responsible thing for Martin to do would be to condition that naughty little someone to start actually using the potty when he needs to.
The dam was sealed so very tight. The words were buried so very deep, no amount of clawing upward seemed it would free them.
In Sherlock's mind's eye, there were hints of interaction like Daddy lifting the seat lid for him and guiding him onto the toilet with firm, strong hands lifting beneath Sherlock's armpits. Sherlock sat and tucked himself back rather than standing and facing the bowl. Daddy stood by patiently while Sherlock did what he needed to.
"Okay," Mary said softly. She held up her hands placatingly and started to step closer, ensuring she made no sudden moves.
In the cupboard she was bewildered to find what looked like a very oversized child's car seat. It barely fit into the cupboard in the first place and was difficult to get out.
"Would it be okay if I call you Daddy when I'm little?" tumbled out before Sherlock could think better of it. With those words, he set himself up for the inevitable fall. He braced himself, unable to look at John now.
Sherlock started to feel sick to his stomach; it was twisting up in knots. He thought about sucking his thumb, desperately needing to soothe himself, then remembered with relief that a clean pacifier was in his bedside drawer.
With the already messed up state Sherlock's mind was in, the conversation he'd just absorbed despite not really listening slowly re-pieced itself just below some conscious threshold and its meaning sank in in a very emotional way, instead of the literal, analytical, more tangible way it should have.
John smiled down at him sympathetically when Sherlock tried to open his eyes just a crack. They slipped shut again and Sherlock gave an unhappy moan, another shiver wracking through him. They'd left him wearing nothing but his nappy and a hospital ID band around one skinny ankle.
Chapter 1 here corresponds to "Chapter 9: 20 March 2016" of Sherlock's Little Blog. Future chapters might not 'occur' in consecutive order here like they do in the Blog.
Now that it's gotten cold out, Daddy hasn't been too keen on walks through the park. I want to go, though. We haven't been since a few months ago, what with cases and all. That last time, we went when it wasn't very busy and got to see a number of animals, including a couple of toads. The first one was very tiny, and the second was full grown. After some persuading, Daddy agreed I was a good boy for not killing the bigger toad while I was poking at it with sticks. Daddy says I scared the toad a lot and shouldn't really poke at them at all, but I was careful not to harm it. We visited the swingset too, which is normally my favourite, but recently I can't swing as high as I used to because I get a touch of vertigo. Daddy says it's because I don't sleep enough or finish my vegetables. Daddy also pointed out that hanging upside down from the swing for a long time doesn't help either.
Too soon, it was over. With all the troublesome wires gone, John and Mary were able to re-swaddle Sherlock.
Sherlock thought about it, biting his lip to help him think while he digested the grown-up words, then shook his head 'no'.
So, this fic is kind of on hold until I get the hosting issue fixed and all the previous links replaced. Once the photo problem is taken care of, I will be replacing this note with a real chapter.
Sherlock made a short, confused noise as he felt Daddy's fingers go up inside him. Sherlock squirmed a bit as his anus twitched around Daddy's fingers. The whole process felt weird, but the part he liked the least was the temperature of the gel coating the outside of his sphincter.
Diapers worked best, except for the unfortunate fact that John couldn't always be at home when Sherlock needed a change. Sherlock having to change himself never left him in the best of moods, either, as it was a blatant reminder that Daddy wasn't around.
"Alright," John said, taking off the stethoscope, "let's give him another minute to digest, then I think we'll do his work-up. We can put him back in the cot whenever you're ready."
," whined Sherlock. He didn't sound entirely convinced, but at least he wasn't outright contradicting John. There was some hope that Sherlock would be able to live with just one bee.
If John tried to fit the story in before the nap, he was pretty sure he'd be dealing with a mutinous lapful of whining, cranky consulting detective before the book was through. Better to read it to a well-rested, refreshed, and pliant little boy who had the patience to focus until the end like he wanted to. When it came to engaging books like the Busytown series, Sherlock got upset if he fell asleep during the story and would usually insist John reread it to him after he woke up. John finally realised it was so much easier to simply make Sherlock wait until he'd gotten his sleep.
Sherlock's hands were guided into cotton mittens, and a lilac knitted cap was snugged over his head. Daddy gave an extra couple of well-placed tugs to the edge of the cap to make sure the tops of the baby's ears would be kept warm.
Nearly bedtime now, so goodnight everyone. And perhaps in the interim between this and my next post, you might interest yourself in perusing my original blog with my work-related essays. It's obscene how many more views/hits this one has. Is no one the least bit curious how to detect the difference between the ash of a Havana cigar and and a corner store cigarillo? Nor whether the suspicious ash in your neighbour's rubbish bin is from a spliff or if they've been innocuously burning white sage?
Sherlock finally lifted a hand to wipe at his eyes himself, and nodded with a pitifully grateful smile.
Part of the reason for that would also be the cleaning solution incidents I referred to last time. I prefer to hit insectoid trespassers with something long-range, and the pH of the shower cleaner is especially effective for blinding spiders. The foaming cleaner works the best, since the foam completely traps the bugs and makes movement more obvious for visual tracking.
Sherlock knew he had done plenty of things himself that did merit punishment, some of which Mycroft legitimately tattled on him for, but things had gotten well out of hand once Mycroft discovered that all he had to do was gaze up at Mummy silently with his perfectly feigned innocence to make her turn on Sherlock without a shred of doubt in her conviction.
Sherlock closed and opened his fingers in a childish wave and disappointedly murmured, "Bye-bye, Toad."
He knew he wasn't as lovable or endearing, as cherubic or well-behaved in his mother's eyes as Mycroft was. Sherlock figured he did well to distance himself from her after she made that fateful slip and showed him where he stood. For all Mrs. Holmes claimed nowadays that Sherlock was too distant, that he was still her son, he knew better. She didn't want to see him, not as strongly as she claimed she did. She was content with keeping Mycroft close, just as she always was. Sherlock felt more like property than a family member. He was hers the same as her hairbrush was hers or her car was hers. She was possessive, not motherly.
John fished a clean diaper out of the well-hidden supply stack and shot back, "Yeah, yeah, I know. That's why you're getting a nappy... Lift up your bottom."
Ben chose a red dragster and, tongue stuck out in concentration, affixed it to an empty square. He hung the sticker page back on its push-pin and admired his work, cooing quietly, "Thsticker!" He clapped once and did an excited little dance, his exposed bits waving about under the hem of his nightshirt.
Readers, consider yourselves blessed by the Christmas Cabbage Faerie. And remember, don't spurn the blessing of the CCF or you'll be short one gift on Boxing Day. Daddies may thusly consider themselves retroactively warned.
John looked very surprised to find Sherlock waiting at the door for him, and even more surprised that Sherlock was sitting on the floor, pressed nearly into the 'shoe corner' behind the door.
A short shake of his head, like he wasn't sure what Sherlock was looking for, then John tried, "Um, I guess it's... it makes sense, in a way. I can see how they find it relaxing, like they said. As an outlet."
O.o Second time around with the peroxide, one of the fruit fly cadavers makes a fizzy-popping noise!
Before they replaced the top on the incubator, John taped a small core temperature sensor to the skin of Sherlock's belly.
Not that Mycroft's timing is ever good, but it was exceptionally horrendous this last time. Daddy was in the middle of comforting me after a completely unexpected night terror that had to do with the drug-induced hallucinations I saw at Baskerville a few years ago. I've no idea why my mind had to vomit that back at me now, after all this time. Bloody inconvenient.
John took Sherlock's wrists and laid the baby's hands on his tummy, then reached down in front of Mary and pulled up the corner of the large blanket beneath Sherlock. He draped it over the baby and tucked it under Sherlock's opposite side, then pulled up the bottom corner to tuck around Sherlock's legs, and secured it all by bringing the corner on Sherlock's other side over and tucking that firmly around him too.
Toilet still stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Pacifier. His dummy. That's what he calls it." John went to search the kitchen drawers for said nippie.
The next time it became necessary for John to grudgingly make a phone call to Mycroft, thanks to Sherlock running off for a day while high, they were about to ring off when John added as an afterthought,
Sherlock ducked his head and fidgeted wordlessly, looking at John with a combination of puppy eyes and guilty pouting.
Going with the line of consumption and food, Mummy Molly explained to me recently that crisps don't count as vegetables because the way they're cooked gives them more bad nutrition than good nutrition, and that's why people say they have 'no' nutrition even though the Nutrition labels have positive integers on them. Mummy also got me to try brussel sprouts. Those are surprisingly good, both raw and steamed. They taste like baby cabbages, but they don't have anywhere near the same faerie power as big cabbage, which is disappointing. It makes calling myself the Brussel Sprout Faerie very anticlimactic. Of course, Daddy's happy with that. He would be.
"Oh, very good," there was Sherlock's cheerful-mocking tone usually reserved for Lestrade's team, "you figured that one out quickly!"
The doctor drifted off to sleep thinking they'd have to do this again sometime, when Sherlock was feeling better.
- I accidentally kneed Daddy in the crotch while having a nightmare about Moriarty. Not too hard, but Daddy still made a point to complain about it after I woke up. John forewarned me that next time he catches me having a nightmare, he's going to swaddle me right away for his own safety.
My internet is still limited and no new writing PC yet, so other stories are still on hold. I'll try to keep updating this fic in the meantime. It's easy enough since I keep the chapters so short. But the other stories with the longer chapters are going to have to wait until I can use a keyboard that has all its keys.
"There's a good boy." Tenderly, John removed the damp cloth and brushed the thick, curly fringe from Sherlock's forehead.
, it was way more than just pretend. I mean, it is more anyways, under, you know, normal circumstances. But, when he's like
Sherlock, stunned that he hadn't had to ask for it, and subconsciously analysing what it might mean that John went this far to make him eat, gawked at it and meekly opened his mouth for John.
. Mary had snuck up to the other side of the cot and jammed her finger into Sherlock's bellybutton. She had a disinfectant pad wrapped around her fingertip and applied pressure while she counted off thirty seconds in her head. When she pulled it out, Sherlock's extremities were shaking minutely from exertion.
Sherlock ducked his head, bashful under the much-craved praise, and John used the opportunity to kiss the top of Sherlock's head.
Sherlock poked a finger to his lips, not quite putting it inside, fretting that maybe Daddy was cross with him.
In point of fact, Sherlock started to fall asleep right there in the car, almost as soon as he was done with his bottle. John slid aside a panel on the back of the key fob and pressed a special button that rang the driver's mobile.
A transparent, lubricated cylinder with one open end was pressed to Sherlock's tummy. It was just large enough to encircle his navel. John pressed it firmly at first to create an airtight seal, and then the doctor was able to slowly draw the plunger back.
Three and a half hours straight of sleep so far, and the chances of Sherlock sleeping through the next five were looking good too.
He flicked his gaze to Sherlock's face to check whether the discussion was affecting him. Sherlock appeared to be tuning it out, or at least stifling any reaction; focussed on finishing his water like a good boy.
John nodded. "Best for everyone involved, that way. Besides, last time he climbed out the bloody window. At least here, he's more likely to hide in the downstairs linen cupboard." He tried to smile through the grim set to his lips.
"It wasn't done properly when he was delivered," the doctor concluded. He asked Mary to hand him one of the instruments lying out of Sherlock's sightline.
He sniffled and sighed around his 'nippy-nip', wondering if John might ever appreciate the effort he was putting into not imposing himself as a smoke-spewing tornado of loud, weepy, frustrated drunkenness out in the living room right now.
"I have biscuits." It was the truth. There was a package of teething biscuits in his box of baby things.
Love, in his generation of the Holmes family, was a word the kids heard precisely once a day at bedtime until Sherlock was given his own small bedroom in the remodelled basement. Beyond that, it went unspoken if it existed at all. Completing studies on time and playing quietly after Dad got home and finishing all of dinner to avoid Mummy's consequences were the important things. Affection ranked much lower.
His quip that if I lost another half a stone he'd be able to carry me around like a real baby wasn't the most convincing reason to stop drinking it, but then... cramps.
"These had been for outside," Mrs. Hudson lamented, gesturing to the last pair of large paper bags John and Sherlock had helped bring down from her attic, "but I don't bother anymore since the big shrub out front died. They can just go back up in the attic if you can't find a place for them."
Nevertheless, his mood did not improve much from his last aging-up to this one. He wanted to stay little. Being grown up made him tired and cranky lately, no matter how tranquil his regressive episodes in-between were.
Patting the front of the diaper and sitting on the bed beside Sherlock, John quipped, "So, what is it you've got against the toilet, hm? What did it ever do to you?"
He would try to cheer Sherlock up tonight with an especially appreciative worshipping of Sherlock's entire eight point ninety-two centimetres of bliss. Rounded up to nine, of course.
She says she enjoys it, and I'm actually becoming used to it myself. I still spend more time at home with Daddy, but now I also have a Mummy who texts me and calls me sometimes when she knows John's busy, because it's often easier for Mummy to text from work than it is for Daddy.
Sherlock turned his head again and rested his temple on his knees, hugging his legs closer. He felt he could have fallen right back asleep. He closed his eyes and listened to John eating.
Molly had to work today, so John's been Daddying me via text between his patients. I don't like having to mind my nappies on my own, but at least Daddy finally realised the training pants were frustrating me because lately I've really been too Little for them.
Daddy's fingers moved around for a while, twisting and sliding about. Before Sherlock could decide if he liked the sensation or not, Daddy slowly eased his fingers out and picked up the plastic stick.
She stood. It was obvious it would be hazardous to anyone's health to get between Daddy and his Baby right now.
First thing to set him off was going to rub at his eyes, trying to wrest his half-numb hands from the tangled blanket, and discovering he was not caught up in the covers but rather wearing pink cotton mitts that were each cinched shut with a miniature padlock.
"Done on there, or have you still got some left?" John asked after Sherlock had been sitting naked on the pot for a few more minutes.
Fridge open briefly, telly turned on. No paper or plastic rustling. No groceries or takeaway picked up on the way home.
"Here; I can take your jumper to--" Mary began to approach to help John strip the pee-stained oatmeal jumper off, but stopped short when Sherlock visibly flinched.
Gently, John took the shirt from Sherlock and tucked it out of sight on the lower shelf of the side table.  He helped Sherlock get situated across John's lap, the baby's knees hanging over the side of the armchair.
Sherlock didn't sit up in time. A gross sensation he'd first felt in the car swelled and overpowered him.
Bright-eyed now, Sherlock took a hearty swig from his sippy cup, smacked his lips, and sighed in exaggerated satisfaction, "Ahhhhhhhh. Ah'feeeee."
"Come on. Up." Impatient to get Sherlock into the tub lest he wet - or mess - himself in another inconvenient place, John didn't bother with any coaxing baby-talk before dragging Sherlock halfway out and grabbing the detective up into a full front carry, forcing Sherlock's legs around his Daddy's waist and his arms around Daddy's neck.
Subtle, slick squeaking. Thump of boots after removal. Still wet outdoors; dropped on coir mat to dry.
John counted it a small victory that the cigarette went temporarily forgotten while Sherlock sulked the remainder of the day away in his room.
The past few months, I've been working on a pair of new AB Sherlock fics on top of the reconstruction work I'm doing on my older WIPs. (I'm facing a lot of coding incompatibility issues with files I salvaged from the PC that croaked in January.)
No sooner had John stood back, relieved that Sherlock was calm again, Sherlock spat the nippie out with a wail and began to whine, arching his back against the seat.
So here he was now in the 'clinic's' recently assembled paediatric ward, reclined on a fleece-lined support wedge inside a sturdy, metallic medical cot, weak with an honest to goodness fever and being tended to by his wonderful Daddy who also happened to be a medical doctor.
Finally John's reached Sherlock's room, stepped in and shut the door into Anderson's face. Ah, silence. He has indeed watched TV with Sherlock yesterday. When his shift was over, he stopped by again and told Sherlock about those abducted kids. It had been in the news. And oh, they were on right then, so within a few seconds the TV was switched on. The volume was turned down however. Just in case there might come an alarm sound from the monitor. They watched the telly together because there was indeed a report about the kidnapped children. After the news, a film started, some modern thriller mash-up of Grimm's fairy tales and the legendary Round Table of King Arthur. John left it on for Sherlock when he went home.
John buries his face in his hands, trying to piece it together. Whatever Sherlock has dreamed must have been a very twisted version of the truth. So Mary was John's wife but she died? Sherlock was responsible for it? Rosie is their child? Moriarty is a person?
'I changed you last week, I still remember what you look like naked.' After he's said it, John realises that this is not date flirting.
Sherlock nods. 'Even though you spent the better half of the evening looking at my lips and thinking about it,' he says. The cocky smirk returns and he doesn't allow John to reply.
And there, John could have sworn the corners of Mycroft's mouth curl into a smile, barely noticeable, but it's the first time that John sees something like affection in his face. 'Oh right, the tattoo murder. We should tell the police, shouldn't we?'
John wonders how he can ask about the whole thing with the dream. Actually, he is dying to ask Sherlock to tell him more about their adventures. They're inspired by the reality and over the past months, John couldn't stop fantasising.
'Wednesday noon for lunch,' John says. 'Stupid thing, lunch dates but it's already been a week and it'd be another one until next weekend. We are going to meet up Saturday though.'
'Terrible, but I'll be better. Let's go and see Lestrade.' He tries to sit up and moves his legs over the edge of the bed.
'You know a lot of things I wouldn't bother to waste brain capacity on. What relevance does it have if we have a queen or a king?'
One of the nurses tries to pull him away, muttering something about this being someone else's shift and John seeming not really ready to do anything. He manages to grab Sherlock's wrist and take his pulse, but there really is no heartbeat. Anderson pushes him out of the room.
John stuffs his hands into the pockets of his white coat, waiting for the other man to reveal the answer.
Sherlock sighs in exasperation and takes a pen out of his inner suit pocket. He grabs a napkin and quickly writes down a few words. Then he hands it to John.
Sherlock's been studying something on his phone. Just when John extends his hand to put it on his cheek and turn his head, he looks up and their eyes meet.
'Don't wanna kiss a Clive?' John says and puts the certificate and the envelope on a cupboard nearby.
John doesn't question the last statement. It's typical for Mycroft. However, in his mind, he sometimes likes referring to him as the Queen. So extra, that, surely, Dr Watson, you won't mind telling me everything in detail in your break in some café while I don't even listen but come up with stupid theories. And look, how powerful I am by the way.
'A whole weekend! It's not even Christmas!' he rants during a phone call on Saturday. 'Mycroft obviously approves of me leaving the city for a few days. Idiot. I'm going to tell Mummy he's fucked up the South Korean government last week!'
Cute, but wayward: the cat makes it's way over Sherlock's body in her adorable clumsy way then jumps to the bed stand.
Sherlock eagerly climbs on John's lap, dipping his head down to kiss him thoroughly with both hands cradling John's cheeks.
'Let's go out,' John says suddenly. 'You can mostly eat on your own and I'll push your wheelchair again.'
Sherlock smirks and raises one eyebrow. 'Not so quick, John,' he mutters. 'You want to draw it out? Trust me, so do I. And don't dare fall asleep after your first orgasm.' While he talks, he's slowly pulling off his socks and trousers. The bulge in his briefs is obvious.
'Twenty. There was this madly attractive man in one of my classes at university who kept thinking about how to ask me out. It was so obvious. Amusing, too.'
'Just stopping by, ya know? Bloody bastard's got no-one for Christmas,' he explained and off they went, just to briefly stop by his room.
'I've heard there are elections in South Korea today, you must love your brother a lot that you decided to come here,' John says.
John smiles back. This is going better than he thought. So Sherlock is into men. Apparently. Unless he meant that he isn't the kind of person for relationships…? John reads the same line in the menu for the third time.
Sherlock gives him a glance. 'You shot a man for me two days after our first encounter, so there was nothing to lose.'
Sherlock snorts. 'You invaded Afghanistan.' He jerks a little when John's fingers touch his thighs to pull up the gown.
'Have you heard of Mycroft? The scary big brother, usually always there to protect his princess little sibling?'
Fuck, John thinks. He didn't want a date with me, he thinks we're really just friends or anything. Fuck,
'He smoked regularly, here's a small pack of cigarettes, that window over there is wide open and on the sill are remnants of ash. If we assume he worked here, this room was where he smoked in his break. Where's his lighter and how did he lose it?' John elaborates. From the corner of his eye he sees a proud smile on Sherlock's face.
Sherlock pushes himself up, to look down at John. 'What?' His gaze is sharp, he's frowning and his eyes are examining John's face. 'What did you say? Did you not–'
'Watch it, Holmes. You locked me in a military base and made me have hallucinations about a monster dog. I'm not going to forget that.'
One of the elder nurses came in, as well, and just at the same time, a young woman arrived, too. She's been here before, a pathologist called Molly Hooper. Sherlock used to examine the corpses or experiment with them, she said. Beat one up with a riding crop once. And to leave the topic of dead people with bruises and get back to a joyful Christmas mood, John then selected a playlist on YouTube. The nurse fetches some of the cookies she's made the other day and hands them around, John catches Lestrade placing a case file with a little red ribbon somewhere and Molly has brought a bar of chocolate that she hides in the pocket of the Belstaff coat that's been hanging in the corner since day one. The only thing John has is a bottle of champagne that's meant for later but Molly agrees to fetch paper cups from a water dispenser. Jeanette isn't exactly pleased until John mutters a promise to buy another bottle on the way to her place. They fill a cup for Sherlock, too. Because what if today's the day? What if? That's why there's also a biscuit lying next to the drink.
It's in the cab when they go quiet, and in the lights of the cars and lamps, John sees how Sherlock's eyes glistening with tears.
John thinks for a few moments, before turning around and asking Lestrade about the victim's lighter.
The strange man doesn't react. Not within the next minutes, nor the following hours. They take care of him, do what they can. After medical treatment, he is washed, changed and put a hospital bed. He looks calm now, John thinks as he stands next to the bed. Finally, his breathing and heartbeat have become slow and steady. He looks as if he is merely sleeping, perhaps dreaming something good. John likes to imagine that after the pain and confusion before, this man is at least having a nice dream. It could be very nice.
'And I was alone with Moriarty! Twice. Come on, John. This way or another I'll get out of here anyway.' His smile is so confident and devilish that John nearly believes him. From Mycroft, Molly and Greg he's heard enough stories to know Sherlock would definitely try and do something crazy or manipulate somebody else to help him.
'It's fine, John. It's only been, what? Nine dates? And a few days at the hospital. It'd be a bit weird if watching me sleep for a year would have made you fall in love with me.'
'The new patient's brother wanted none but you. Um, he's called … Christ what was it? Er, it sounded like Microsoft or so.'
John shifts closer, putting a leg over Sherlock's waist and turning his head with a hand on his cheek. 'Well, I'm definitely falling now, I think,' he says quietly.
Sherlock gives him a look. 'What is wrong with you?!' He huffs. 'Get me dressed and into a wheelchair.'
John has told him about other cases, too, reading out the papers to him. He's also installed a coffee machine in Sherlock's room. For visitors, of course. Mycroft Holmes or Detective Inspector Lestrade, who appears rather in need for Sherlock to wake up. Once he even brought a full case file. 'We never know when the day comes and Sherlock wakes up,' he muttered and placed the folder on a shelf. 'What if it's today, John? I'll just leave this here, keep it secret, yeah?'
The dark skinned woman at the tape doesn't allow them to come closer but luckily Lestrade sees them and jogs over. He looks incredibly relieved to see Sherlock and surprised that John's there as well.
She turns and after the initial surprise they talk about the medical proceedings. Eventually, John leaves the room (reluctantly) and calls Mycroft. He doesn't pick up so John leaves a message, telling him to call back ASAP. He starts his shift then.
John rolls his eyes and their banter continues like that. John tells a bit about his week which must be terribly boring to Sherlock but he still listens to most parts of it, John thinks. However, Sherlock doesn't talk much about his private life. Instead he deduces the people around them to impress and entertain John.
'Just met your brother again,' he tells the unconscious man. 'He is proud to claim to be your arch-enemy. Do people have arch-enemies?'
When they're in the cab, they talk again, bickering like before and Sherlock mutters a deduction of the cab driver into John's ear. This dark voice could technically be considered attractive. All John manages is an uttered 'Amazing!' and Sherlock leans back with a proud little smile.
you. Makes it hard to get used to the thought that we didn't really go through all those things together.'
Sherlock deftly unbuckles the belt, opens the fly and pushes the trousers down. He drops to his knees, pulling the pants down, too. John's about to say something but Sherlock's already reaching for the bedstand that's close by the door so he just steps out of the trousers and pants and kicks them aside. Quickly, Sherlock rips open the condom package, then he looks up at John with a grin before rolling it on him. John's breath is going faster and arousal and lust are sending a shiver of anticipation down his spine.
within just half an hour. On the counter, above rows of sandwiches, a small electronic figure of Santa Claus is dancing. Apart from all that, it's nearly bearable in the café/snack bar, right across the street from St Bartholomew's Hospital.
Sherlock narrows his eyes and doesn't speak for a few moments. 'You're weirdly concerned today,' he says and suddenly speaks very fast. 'You always care but you behave different today. You have a new haircut, but you're wearing those clothes from four years ago again. You had a long day, but you didn't spend it with Rosie because there are cat hairs on your shirt. They're from this morning, and then there are slight scratch marks on your wrist from a week ago. Who do we know that has a cat? It's not Molly, nor Mrs Hudson, and why don't I see any signs of Rosie on you? Where is she?' He pauses, eyes wide. 'John. You're not dating someone new with a cat, are you? Not after Mary. Not so soon.'
It's their seventh date when they get there. Magic number, it seems. Or maybe it's the fact that they're all alone for the first time since the hospital.
For his own part, John has come to terms with his bisexuality by now. He's watched gay porn, bought magazines, allowed himself to imagine certain things, he's done research and twice he's gone to a gay bar. Once, he went as far as making out with a good-looking black man but he refused to go to the guy's apartment with him.
'That's horrendously sentimental,' Sherlock says and starts tuning his instrument. 'You're going to get it mixed up anyway.'
'You must be a bad influence,' Sherlock rushes out between pants. He tips his head down for a messy, wet kiss, moving his hips faster.
'Oh?' He lets out a short laugh, still feeling bad for the shouting but Sherlock didn't seem to mind much. 'Do you? Then-'
Mycroft grips the bar at the end of the bed hard, his knuckles almost white. 'Of everything. Everything he's taken. There's always been a list.'
Sherlock sighs. 'I think there are unused bowls in the freezer. I wanted to use them for an experiment. Oh, maybe we can just use one and share it?'
When Sherlock leans away eventually, propping his head up on his elbow, he's slightly breathless. John can feel his warm breath huffing against his cheek. It's not like there's really enough space on this sofa for two grown men to lie side by side so Sherlock's still half on top of John, one leg thrown over John's thighs as he's on his side between John and the backrest. His hand is under John's shirt again. John turns his head to look at him, seeing an open smile.
Unable to shut his eyes against the impending dawn, a mortified Sherlock slowly drew his pillow over his head.
Mary continued to rest on the couch, swinging her feet up into the warm spot her husband's bottom left behind, and watched the two men head down the hall to Sherlock's room.
John relented, tossing the plastic packet beside Sherlock's bowl and sitting across from him. He gestured with his own soupspoon and said simply, "Go ahead while it's still hot."
John tried to placate him, but Sherlock became even more anxious. Baby kicked at the floor again and wriggled against the seat straps, whining.
Lying limply against the support wedge, which positioned him to help his sinuses to drain better, Sherlock looked especially frail. He was nude save for the mitts and a diaper, most of his body nearly as pale as the waterproof sheets beneath him despite the red, fevered flush that tinged his cheeks and the tips of his ears.
As soon as John withdrew his touch, Sherlock felt some of the warmth leave his own body. John broke contact far too soon for his liking.
"No," Sherlock grumped, gazing into his soup. "You couldn't get it in there, anyway. I still need to sort my papers."
Then Sherlock was reaching up desperately to him, all runny nose and tear-stained everything, pleading, "Da-da!" as if his life depended on John.
John and Sarah made small talk, both of them doing so with the fervour only the truly lonely get. One of the things John missed most about living with someone was the ritual of talking about one’s day. True, Sherlock had largely deduced John’s day, but still, it was someone taking notice, wasn’t it? Mary had been really good at it. Whether she was truly interested, or whether it was because she’d spent most of it working with him, John still didn’t really know. And it’s not like he could give her the benefit of the doubt, not after everything that had happened.
John returned to the office in a daze. Taking pity on him, Sarah offered to take his two o’clock and directed him to the kitchen to thaw. John felt a pang of guilt at her concern. She probably thought it was about Mary. God, Mary! His wife hadn’t even been dead a year, and here her dearest, cheating husband was, pining for the only other person he’d really loved in the last five years. What would she have said?
No, he hadn’t imagined it. There was another sound somewhere behind the door; a pause, a scuffle, then silence.
The conversation didn’t recover. They exchanged generalities; Sherlock offered to help with the dishes in a half-hearted way, but John batted him away, and after a short sit in the living room, their attention taken up by Rosie, Sherlock left, murmuring a goodnight that sounded like he was already all the way back to Baker Street.
“Well,” Sherlock said. When nothing presented itself to refute John’s disbelief, he switched tracks. “Are you really that adverse to company?”
“John, phone,” the man says the same instant his front pocket chirrups. “There are no teeth, where are the teeth?” he mutters, sinking into a crouch (the camera follows him) before seizing something between the tips of his fingers.
John almost dropped his tablet when Sarah returned, another of their co-workers with her. John hastily made his excuses and returned to his office where, for the next three hours, he tried to ignore the lure of the tablet in his satchel.
Their conversation had become uncomfortable after his confession about James Sholto. That was what John kept coming back to. At the time, he didn’t really consider that Sherlock might have an adverse reaction to having had a closeted whatever-sexual (John was vague on terms, something Ella would no doubt have an opinion about) roommate, friend and colleague for more than five years. Sherlock had never appeared to have an issue with gay people – he treated everyone the same, which is to say, dismissively.
“No. As I’m sure you’ve, ah, deduced.” The beginnings of a hopeful hard-on felt very visible through the thin fabric of John’s shorts. He rubbed the back of his neck. A part of him wanted to step forward and help Sherlock out of his clothes, and then just cover, claim, as much of Sherlock as he’d allow. But a wiser part of John – small, it was true, but insistent – told him to hold back.
, but he was okay in a way that suggested he would have some sort of emotional collapse in the future, but not just at the moment, thanks. The situation was far from perfect and probably untenable, but it was
“Dr. Watson, you work the graveyard shift of an evangelism ministry on a volunteer basis. You’re single, then, and not just single but unattached. A day-time job with free evenings and you choose to do dial-a-Jesus? You’re either a loner or a zealot, and I don’t think you’re a zealot.”
“Right,” Greg says, glancing at the camera once before remembering that he is supposed to pretend that it isn’t there. When the producer had first told him about ‘fly on the wall’ reality television, Greg had snorted and said, “I got it.” Fly on the wall? Until four months ago he’d just called it ‘being married.’
John was up early the next day, tired but resigned to it. He spent most of the morning watching Shaun the Sheep with Rosie. He sat on the floor with her, an assortment of toys – stuffed toys, blocks, the broken-off wheel of a large plastic motorcycle – arranged around them. Looking at these, John realised the toys were probably meant to be watching
Sherlock stared at their joined hands. “Keep in mind, I also thought I was battling for your attentions, against Sarah. Sarah!” he scoffed. “It was like we’d gone full circle. I was worried I’d have to invite myself along on your dates again. If there was even the remotest chance, and I lost you, I...” Sherlock shook his head.
“Very well,” Sherlock said, pleased but clearly pretending not to be, “where to start? For one thing, you’re doing telephonic evangelism on a Friday night – no close friends, then, or you’d be out with them – people do that sort of thing I hear – and no partner or you’d be with them.
Sunday, after a brisk walk in the local park with Rosie, John studied tutorials, making notes and jotting down ideas. He was starting to think about the kind of videos he’d like to make. He did this by thinking about videos he’d like to watch, and then pondered how he could produce those videos himself. He picked a few simple scenarios and methodically worked through what he would need and how to go about staging and recording. His scribbled to-do lists were something to behold.
When the air between them grew heated again, John might have been tempted to disregard his earlier wisdom. But this time it was Sherlock who pulled back, but only so he could settle himself on John’s chest. John closed his arms around him. It was...something else, to have this man in his embrace.
“What was the case?” John asked Sherlock urgently. He had to struggle to find and hold Sherlock’s gaze.
Sherlock was leaving – had already left. He had some assignment ahead of him, one he probably took to give John a window. Really, if you thought about it, it was a kindness. This perversely made John feel even worse because he wasn’t actually enough of a dick to be angry at Sherlock for being
“I don’t sense an impending conversion,” John pointed out, his tone so dry it chafed on the way out. He glanced at the clock again. “Besides, I have to--”
John couldn’t lie, he felt chuffed with himself, but he at least had the wherewithal to feel silly in equal measure.
John snorted, but added an extra dollop of cottage pie to Sherlock’s plate. “Glasses are in the cupboard,” John told him, indicating the kitchen unit behind him. As a testament to his dad reflexes, he caught the uncannily well-aimed bee toy just before it could land in the middle of the pie.
But perhaps for Sherlock, it didn’t feel that long ago. John generally tried not to think about that time, afraid that he’d be filled with the same weight of dread, terror, loss and betrayal that had filled him then... and the anger, he couldn’t forget the anger. Seeing Sherlock fall was right up there with seeing Mary dying. But at least, in some ways, often
It was crowded and noisy inside. John scrummed through to the bar counter, losing sight of Sherlock in the process, but he had the car keys so he at least knew Sherlock would have to come find him. It took five minutes to get a drink order in, and then another five for it to arrive. John pinged his interest off one or two women while he waited, but he wasn’t committed enough to pursue it. Had it been five years ago, he thought, he would have been well on his way to a late night and a phone number by now.
And if there had been any doubt about it, any doubt at all, it was dispelled the next moment when a deep voice rumbled, “Today we’ll be considering a favourite topic of mine. Tobacco,” Sherlock said, moving to speak into what John assumed was off-screen microphones to the left and right, “ash. Forty-three different kinds of it...”
John had only been standing around in the artificially-lit tube station a few minutes when his mobile phone started ringing. The screen didn’t show any number, just “Unknown”. He was tempted to ignore it, but with his luck, it would be the clinic and there would be some kind of emergency.
Molly bit her lip. “Maybe you should talk to him. I’ve always thought, well.” She reddened. “I thought maybe the reason he...doesn’t like me, is because he likes, well, you.”
It was four am by the time John was done editing. The finished product was amateurish, with a fade-in and a fade-out at the start and finish of the video. John was nearly invisible and very much anonymous throughout the recording, just a man typing at a computer. But while the visuals may have been a little dull, the sound had come out great – better than John had expected, although he was sure some people would be put off by the London ambience.
In his mind’s eye, John saw Sherlock finally acting on the advice he, John, had given him all those months ago. John had been referring to Irene when he’d told Sherlock not to let love pass him by. It hadn’t occurred to him that, maybe, after all this time, it might actually be
side, rather than in the middle of the bed; and then, unbidden, an image of Sherlock came to him, tousled in his pyjamas. What would it be like, he wondered, to share a bed with Sherlock?
“My train’s here,” John said, just as the first screech and shudder of the impending train started up from the tunnel.
Hesitantly, Sherlock lifted their joined hands to kiss John’s knuckles. “I’d like that,” he whispered against John’s skin.
“Did you just come in?” John muttered, voice sleep-roughened, then, “What time is it?”, then, “Jesus!” when he noticed the arc of sunlight touching his sock-clad feet, then a final, “Oh God!” with a panicked, instinctual look in the direction of Rosie’s room.
Molly, bless her heart, was great about it. She rushed over to sit beside him on the couch with no hesitation, and she let him weep into her nice green jumper with so much patience and compassion that John felt even shittier by comparison. It felt like it went on for ages, but it probably wasn’t longer than five minutes.
“Would you mind?” John said, half-up from the sofa already, proffering Rosie to Sherlock. She wiggled her approval at this change of hands. “I just want to use the loo.”
“Well, there’s your problem.” John deliberately placed a hand on Sherlock’s hip; Sherlock’s body jerked, but his eyes swept John’s face, his expression tremulous. Relief, hope, fear, and loneliness flitted across Sherlock’s face as he apparently struggled for a measure of control. “You started from the wrong presupposition,” John said.
Fortified by the tea and the possibility that his unplanned confession hadn’t alienated his best friend, John tapped out a text:
“Yes, as she’s gay, that’s all.” Sherlock opened his mouth as if to say more, but then merely took a bite, keeping his eyes on his food.
“You really didn’t deduce the person I was interested in was you?” John wondered. “I felt it must be so obvious. I was mortified. I didn’t think—well, I thought you and Irene...”
“What are you doing here?” John asked instead, trying to pat down Rosie’s curls. She had given up the quest for the baby monitor in favour of giving John’s nose kisses with the bee.
It was the last few words that did him in. John started to sob. It was like a dam wall breaking. He was so distraught he didn’t even have room to feel embarrassed or ashamed. All there was, was misery; years and years of it, like crisscrossing scars over an ever-festering wound.
John skipped the tobacco ash video and scrolled through the others, finally deciding on one featuring their old mantelpiece skull. To John’s disappointment, it was a no-talking video, and the only parts of Sherlock that were visible were his hands. The camera was positioned above the surface of Sherlock’s desk. Sherlock spent the better part of a half hour tapping, scratching and scritching various parts and planes of the skull, turning it around delicately and, honestly, hypnotically, in his large hands. He alternated harder sounds with softer and deeper ones. John could faintly hear his breathing.
“Isn’t it customary?” Sherlock asked, following John halfway into the kitchen, one hand pocketed, the other drumming a beat onto his thigh.
John watched Sherlock disembark and then do a slow, casual about-turn on the pavement, presumably taking in the night. He sighed again. “Shit,” he muttered, and got out, following Sherlock’s lean form into the pub.
– he’d fostered more hope about how/what Sherlock felt about him than he’d wanted to consider. Maybe a part of him believed, as he relaxed into the reassuring timbre of Sherlock’s whispered voice night after night, that he, John, had a shot and wasn’t just pining away like the middle-aged fart he was. John kept returning to Sherlock’s best man speech, to Sherlock comforting him after everything, his hand trembling where it rested on the back of John’s neck...
“You gave me a key,” Sherlock said behind him. He’d come back in and shut the door behind him. His tone was defensive, but his posture was tired. He looked like he hadn’t been sleeping.
This puzzled John, and it rather put the fork in some of his grander conspiracy theories. Maybe, he thought, returning to the video itself (it was the newest one), Sherlock had stumbled across ASMR the same way he, John, had. It didn’t really surprise John that Sherlock would start a channel himself. A captive audience? What more could a genius drama queen want or need?
Sherlock, apparently deciding to pick his battles (!), disappeared into the living room and returned a moment later with Rosie. She hiccuped on his hip, stuffed bee in hand, giving a little squeal when she saw John.
“You haven’t got anywhere to be,” said Deep Throat. He sounded very confident. It was, John thought, the kind of confidence begging to be asked “Why?”
“I suppose technically my plan backfired,” Sherlock said after a while. Answering John’s frown, he elaborated: “I’d meant to make you miss me, you see, with my videos. But then you started making ASMR. I didn’t expect that. And your videos, they... It’s hard to say how much they... The loneliness... I don’t think I fully comprehended how much I--”
After a while, John forgot the camera was rolling, and soon he and Rosie were eating contentedly. There was a minor fracas over who got the last bite of cheese, which Rosie won. John swapped out her toys for a fresh batch so she wouldn’t get bored and diligently got started on the cleaning up.
It was only when Sherlock pulled away so he could begin shucking his clothing that John took a step back, then another, trying to calm his heart. It was trying to beat right out of his chest, and his dick, if he was being honest.
John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock. It was the only thing to do, really, under the circumstances, and judging by Sherlock’s hungry response, John gauged that he agreed.
John snorted. “Oh, very clever, you and Sarah both,” he muttered, unlocking the car and sliding in behind the wheel.
“Did you finish your case?” John asked finally, crossing his arms over his chest. He wanted to let Sherlock know that he understood, now, and that he was alright with it.
The flat was quiet. In the background, the city slumbered as much as the city ever did. It had started raining again. John’s fingers steadily tapped their way through the backlog of admin. Pretty soon he had managed to forget that he was on camera, and it wasn’t until he’d finished that he realised he’d have to find a decent way to end the video. He smoothed over the files; then, feeling melodramatic, he closed the laptop lid and gently snapped off the lamp. Only to snap it back on immediately so he could start processing the recording.
“Excellent idea,” came Sherlock’s voice, followed a second later by the man himself. He wound a red scarf around his upturned coat collar as he jogged down the stairs. He swooped in to plop a kiss on Rosie’s head (she squealed with delight) before giving John a once-over. “I can see why she’s upset,” he said cryptically.
“There was something there, at the beginning.” Sherlock hummed a catch of Vitali’s “Chaconne” to Rosie, who babbled and touched his face.
“Is it difficult being a woman in the police force?” Sally repeats the producer’s question. Her arms are crossed and her curls are dishevelled: there’s still some dust caught in them. In the background crime techs meander about, now cataloguing the new corpse.
At around eight, after he’d fed and bathed Rosie and put her to bed, John remembered he’d uploaded his ASMR video earlier that morning and pulled out his laptop to check how few hits he’d garnered. He kept his expectations low and so wasn’t devastated to see that it was in the single digits. First scowling at his screen, then sighing at his own neediness, John considered nuking Three Continents ASMR and selling everything he’d bought. But a fresh cup of tea, a bit of a mull and a yawning chasm of boredom spurred him back to the ASMR forum, this time to advertise his new video.
“A penny!” shouts Sherlock excitedly, arm snapping up in triumph, a dusty penny pinched between his thumb and forefinger.
John opened the door, vaguely relieved that Sherlock – who had a key if he needed it – hadn’t walked in on him mid-ASMR. He’d need to be more careful in future, John thought, just a second or so ahead of another voice saying,
“’Which James Bonds all have moustaches?’” John read from his phone. It had still been in his pocket. He held it beyond Rosie’s reach when she tried to grab it.“‘What are Teletubby?’”
“Wait – you phoned me thinking I might be an ex-convict?” John asked Sherlock, just as a woman entered John’s immediate vicinity. She gave him a look and pointedly put a few paces between them.
Sherlock stood in the doorway, nonplussed. It was easy to notice how frowzy he looked because he was usually so well put together, but John doubted anyone else would’ve noticed the crumpled button-up or the way his hair stuck up. He was sans blazer and had his sleeves rolled up.
John only had a second’s warning of body heat and rustling clothing before Sherlock’s lips touched his own. The kiss was marginal – barely a kiss at all – pressure and suggestion more than substance. Sherlock smelled like nicotine and rain and a fugue of aftershave and hair gel. His lips were chapped, his beard scratchy, his hand fever warm where it rested momentarily on John’s shoulder.
“What a pickle you’ve got yourself into, John,” he muttered to himself. John considered his mobile, then tapped out a brief response:
All that remained was for John to publish the video to his channel. Here he hesitated. He hadn’t thought of a title for it. “Catching up work” he typed, but then edited it to read, “Let’s catch up work together”. He liked that. It summarised why he was making ASMR and who he was making it for – people who were lonely, who missed the fuss of living with others.
“Okay.” John unloaded the clip from the Browning and went to put the pieces at either end of the mantelpiece, making a mental note to lock the weapon away as soon as Sherlock left. He and Sherlock regarded each other, but Sherlock seemed disinclined to speak.
“We can stay if you want.” Sherlock said this with a manner of resolve that would befit much graver situations, like volunteering to take the One Ring to Mount Doom.
“No, do go on, Dr. Watson,” Sherlock implored. It sounded like he was smiling. “I have your surname and your cell number already, but any more detail you’d like to provide...”
Not that he kept one there, of course: they were all safely locked up in the office. But if a junkie was desperate enough, even one as clever as Sherlock...
John snorted and handed the cigarette back. “I did tell you. Everything alright?” It didn’t escape his notice, the cigarette. He wasn’t that daft – not quite, not anymore.
Taking a deep breath and feeling somewhat nervous, John hit record, tapping each microphone once before he sat down at the desk and adjusted his seating. He fiddled with the laptop, making sure that neither the screen nor the files would be visible to the camera. The camera was angled low enough that the viewer wouldn’t be able to see John’s face or much background; just his hands and arms.
God - Sherlock could be so docile and obedient when he wanted to, almost excessively so … Even before, when Sherlock's eager tongue had cleaned the mashed potatoes from his fingers, his libido had been surprisingly attentive. John had actually meant it as a way to force Sherlock to buckle under, to awaken his submissiveness - and maybe to humiliate him a bit as well. But he hadn't counted on finding it so arousing himself.
"You do realise it's all psychosomatic? Your leg healed up a long time ago," John accused him. "It's all in your head. You complain about being in pain half the day, but as soon as we have sex it all blows over!" John stopped short. "Don't laugh!!" he hissed angrily. "That's not meant to be a pun! But it's true - I've done things with you on purpose to put you in positions where you should have been screaming in pain...
"Mycroft has always been extremely ambitious," Sherlock explained flatly. "His career was always his main priority, and I... I was the blot in his copybook. The pebble in his shoe. The thorn in his side. My sole purpose in life was to make trouble for him."
Mike had taken note of it wordlessly, albeit with one eyebrow raised, giving John a look that spoke volumes, yet John hadn't reacted at all and let Sherlock have his way.
"Tell me when you're ready," John growled at him, his voice hoarse, and let his upper body fall back onto the bed as well. His hand moved faster and faster on his erection.
John shook his head. "No. I want to reveal you myself ... layer by layer." He pushed Sherlock's fingers aside and opened the dark purple shirt one button at a time.
To his surprise, John felt his penis filling with blood and becoming stiff again. This young man was the best thing he'd come across in a long time ... to think of all the things he could do to him ... and he even enjoyed it, not just put up with it, as had most of his predecessors.
"Oh... I don't know..." She winked at him, both flirting and challenging. "I could still keep Sherlock away from you." She took a sip of her champagne.
Carefully - and yet as quickly as possible - John carried Sherlock to the stairs. Once there, he set him down gently on the landing, placed Sherlock's injured leg on a higher step, and cushioned Sherlock's head in his lap. John needed to rest for a moment, even given how little Sherlock weighed. The adrenaline in his body had been almost all broken down by now, and John was exhausted - not just physically, but mentally as well. He needed this brief respite before he could think about how to proceed from here. He needed to spend a few moments close to Sherlock, and he had the feeling Sherlock needed exactly the same thing right now. A little closeness, a little warmth, a little comfort. A confirmation - even if momentary - of what they were to each other, what they meant to each other …
“Then nothing,” John explained cheerfully. “You can let go of the ropes any time if it gets too much.”
... that left quite a bit of room for interpretation. He didn't want to send Mike into fits of hysteria, though, so he answered - not entirely truthfully - "Yes, I'm fine."
"Maybe I should put an ashtray under you," John mused out loud, going over to the cabinet where they kept their meagre stores of alcohol. John's momentary absence (and the concomitant absence of the cigar) were a bitter loss for Sherlock, and he felt his body quivering after John like the needle of a compass. He watched as John poured himself a glass of cognac, then returned to him with the glass in his hand. The snifter was then set on the side table. The amber-coloured liquid splashed a little in its receptacle, wetting the glass in a elliptical arc. Then John went into the kitchen, and when he returned he had two ashtrays in his hand. He placed one beside the cognac glass on the side table. The ashtray which Sherlock had '
"Low-tar?" Sherlock snorted in disdain. "Oh God... fine... if I have to..." He took a cigarette out of the pack, slipped it between his lips, and then ordered: "Light!"
Only now did he raise his gaze to meet hers. "Do you know, sometimes I ask myself that too," he replied with an uneven grin, which was reflected back by Irene.
"College," John answered, as if he had nothing to hide. "Your playground battles don't really interest me. Why? Did I miss a skeleton somewhere in your closet?"
He turned away from the bar and went over to one of the leather armchairs, his steps heavy. Why was his cold-heartedness abandoning him now, of all times? Why was all of this bothering him so much? Sherlock didn't hold it against him. It couldn't be allowed to happen again, that was all. John let himself drop down into the chair and set the full glass down on the low table in front of him. He rested his elbows on his thighs and folded his hands. Pensively, he watched the weak moonlight refract and reflect in the curve of the glass and the liquid in it.
"Go into the kitchen, Thomas. Don't let Eleanor and Mrs Turner out of your sight, and don't open the door to anyone," John ordered in a voice that seemed to come from very far away. Thomas nodded soberly. "Is anyone else in the house?"
Sherlock went to the bay window. On the way, he took note of the house telephone on the nightstand, which also confirmed that assumption. He sat down on the bench, curling one leg in underneath him and leaving the other on the floor. He looked out the window into the garden and saw - through gaps in the dense bushes - the high wall, topped with barbed wire, surrounding it. The driveway they'd come up a short while ago was also cut off by the wall - the only way in secured by a robust metal gate and a security guard.
“No, I mean... dammit, of course I'll tie you down!” John cried impatiently, feeling a bit helpless. “I'll tie you down and hit you. There's … no sense otherwise... I'm not going to change myself. I'm not going to give something up that I enjoy just because you might...” Sherlock's choked sob startled him, and he fell silent, watching in amazement as Sherlock rubbed his eyes with a trembling hand.
John smiled to himself and stood up. "May I offer you a drink? Cognac perhaps?" He went to the wall cupboard and opened one of the doors, behind which several bottles and glasses were hidden. "I also have quite a decent port here. Or maybe a single malt?" As mentioned - he could afford to be magnanimous and play the host just a little bit.
Doris couldn't think of a single answer to that question. So she changed the topic. "You're going to have a new family. You're going to live with your father and his wife, and... just think, Sherlock! You're going to have a big brother. His name is Mycroft and he's a few years older than you."
And when he realised that his come – thanks to the plug – was still inside Sherlock's body, he felt his erection throb and spread a wet spot in his underwear.
"Allow me to entertain some doubts in that regard... it would have taken a great deal of skill to avoid every single surveillance camera..."
John wasn't quite in possession of all his senses yet – fury still clouded his vision. Still, he registered how glorious Sherlock's anger looked on him, and how fearlessly he stared down the barrel of the gun.
"No, I don't want anything," Sherlock declined absently. "You really don't know why Mycroft is here?" he pressed.
With a soft moan - whose vibrations he knew John could feel in his erection - Sherlock relaxed his throat and took in even more of John's length. The first taste of bitterness spread across his tongue and ran down his throat, and Sherlock pulled back just a bit to catch a breath. But then he pushed John's hips down even further with his hands, and tilted his neck back. John's swollen, hard cock slid much too slowly into his mouth and down his throat. The pressure there was fantastic … tight and hot and wet … his nose pressed against John's testicles, hanging heavy and full between his legs … and then suddenly he felt John's pubic hair tickling his chin. He swallowed - the muscles of his esophagus squeezed around John's erection. There was a muffled sound - half moan, half cry - and Sherlock swallowed again, resulting in John's hips jerking forward, albeit in a restrained manner.
It was already a late hour when the two men finished discussing all the important points which would guarantee the security of London for the next few days. All of the other offices were now abandoned, and Mycroft's secretary had also gone home already - with Mycroft's permission. The distorted reflections of the glittering lights on the night-black Thames remained unnoticed by the two men, however, as the conversation turned to Sally Donovan.
A shy smile spread across his face, and Sherlock realised that John had been right the whole time... he was beautiful.
"So that you're unattached when..." Mycroft hesitated. "Secrets like ours have an unpleasant way of coming out at the most inopportune moment. I would prefer, when such a moment arises, not to be involved in some distasteful divorce proceedings … but rather to be able to present you as my - heretofore secret - fiancé."
John was born for this. He was a natural. He pushed all of Sherlock's buttons without knowing them completely. It was like magic. But John always surprised him and this was no exception. Sherlock should by now have gotten used to it, being surprised by John, but John was a never-ending enigma for him.
The second, red-brown-white cigar band lay on the side table next to the ashtray. Sherlock went to John's armchair, picked up the colourfully printed paper between his fingertips, and examined it with an absent-minded smile. A thing like that really would do no good as a cock ring... however...
"That's the way, Mr Sigerson," Mrs Turner said smugly. "And as long as Mr Watson isn't here, you'd best take all of your meals here in the kitchen so I can be sure you're actually eating them."
A broad, dangerous smile distorted John's lips. "That's easy, sweetheart... you're of no use to me."
He understood then that John would never send him away... and Sherlock slowly began to let himsef hope that... one day... everything would really turn out all right.
Sherlock could calculate almost down to the penny how much that suit must have cost Irene. The conclusions that could be drawn from that sum back to the arrangement John and Irene must have come to were extremely complimentary for Sherlock.
for a moment,” he eventually confessed. “And you could have called someone for help... or just gone out into the hall and got someone and...”
John took Sherlock on a tour of the house. The ground floor comprised rooms that served primarily business or sociable purposes. There was a spacious, multipurpose hall, an equally generously dimensioned dining room, and John's office wasn't exactly small either.
The additional stimulation of John's blows wasn't enough to bring Sherlock to climax, however… which might have something to do with the fact that John was deliberately hitting him with less force than before. He didn't want to make things any easier for Sherlock. When Sherlock's entire body was finally trembling with unfulfilled desire, John tossed the paddle aside, helped Sherlock get up and shuffled him onto the bed.
Then he took a step onto the slightly uphill path that stretched out before him into the night, away from the lighted street. But no sooner had he reached the asphalt lane that ran around the perimeter of the park than he saw a flickering red light close to the ground a few yards ahead. Three figures coalesced out of the darkness, illuminated by the red shimmer at their feet. John left the path and took a few steps closer, realising with a vague sense of dread that the red light was a votive candle set in the grass along the shorter side of a large field. The field was bordered by several evergreen bushes and naked trees on the left, and seemed to extend into infinity on the right.
"Really," Sherlock replied, hoping beyond hope that this cup might also pass him by. "What a coincidence."
