*Jack!* Castiel sends out on a wide spear thread. He lets the strength of the Sapphire wash over the nearby mountains. Hoping that he could power it far enough to reach his wayward child, even without Jewels, he flies.
Lucifer raised his palms up in surrender. "Whatever you want, Winchester. And what is that, exactly?" He brought his hands together in anticipation.
Jack cocks his head to the side and flies up to land on one of the sculpture’s arms. They are raised, mimicking the wings as if waiting for something to fall from above. “Mother put this up as a reminder to Castiel, not because of her love for me.”
“Lucian has been monopolizing your time that she’s been neglecting my nephew. The Prince, on the other hand, saved us. The best course of action is for you to thank Prince Winchester by servicing him for the rest of Lady Lucian’s stay.”
The Garden was an ever-changing thing. But because Dean was here, and because Dean was the reason they were all here, it adopted the form that Dean was most used to.
Ash shook his head, miming wiping tears from his eyes. "Okay, man, we need to get you out of your slump. No one has seen you for
Castiel jerked at the contact, arching his back in pleasure. Dean got a sloppy, morning breath filled kiss for his efforts.
Charlie handed him over to the Captain. Captain Lafitte, in turn, took the time to explain the workings of the bridge. He also demonstrated the navigation and communications systems.
Theoretically, an archangel had enough grace to fuel the binding of two worlds, but the spell-work needed to be done by a proper flight of angels. Maybe even an entire garrison. It was intricate enough that Gabriel wouldn't be able to do it with sheer power alone.
Cas chose to ignore Gabriel, while Sam chuckled and took pity on Dean. “Okay, so get this, Michaelmas is like this big holiday back in Medieval Europe, it was when they harvested stuff, hired, elected, decided if they could afford to feed animals or kill them for winter, stuff like that. Initially, it was just held in honor of Michael, hence the term.”
He searched for it frantically, though logically he knew that it was where it had always been: in his beloved shoebox, under the front passenger's seat of the Impala.
“The site says the deadline is January, so I have plenty of time. I just need to study for some test,” he said enthusiastically. Dean rolled his eyes at him, but Sam wouldn’t let his brother dampen his mood. He sat back down with his grin slowly fading into thoughtfulness. “Say, Dean…”
Gabriel lifted his fingers to touch Castiel's forehead, the soft pulse of grace warm on his skin. "Give thanks, for our Father is good, and His mercy endures forever," Gabriel whispered in sanctification.
, I think I ate something bad. I need to sit this one out, you guys.” He slowly backed out of line, still clutching his belly.
During the concert for the Wayward Sisters. Dean and Cas moments were actually inspired by
Despite not being allowed his Jewels, Castiel could stand against Alastair, and the Master of the Guard knows it. Should he be lucky and kill Castiel, Michaela wouldn’t tolerate it. For the first time, Castiel notices Samandiriel, frozen on his seat at the display. Before he could say something to the Prince, Jack scurries to his lap and places a bowl of caramelized popcorn in front of him.
Jack swings his legs as he imitates the wings thrown up, and the arms held high.
There it was, the inevitable fear. For all that Heaven was repetitive and its boundaries limited by one's imagination and the repository of souls it held, it also promised lack of suffering. He shook his head, clearing his thoughts. Not the best way to talk to a non-angel. "There's a way to be reborn. Not every soul is brand-spanking new."
“Because I
Because he and Sam shared a room in close quarters, Dean stepped beside the Chevrolet to take the call. She was in the Roadhouse parking lot, where some of the customers had left their steam cars when they realized they were too drunk to drive.
Gabriel took a deep breath and closed his eyes, acknowledging the evasion but giving Castiel his space. “Balthazar has been calling and calling, and I took the first airship out that I could manage.” There was accusation in the tone, but before he could go on a tirade, Gabriel deposited a box before Castiel.
Dean doesn’t understand, and Jack holds the pose until he finally sees it. The arms are fending off an attack, kneeling after a blow. The head, which Dean didn’t notice because of the wings, is angled down.
Dean leaps from his hiding place, charging the witch.
so decided on ZOMDV LONDOH VAUNILAGI
“I was wondering when you’d notice, darling,” Balthazar says as he wipes one arm against his forehead.
Unofficial Maps are found in the
“Cas, Cas, get the fucking lube,” Dean gasps, his fist pounding on the bed unintentionally. He’d turned his face to the side, partially obscuring his face with his fist in embarrassment. Dean loves the sex, but he’s not used to being worshipped.
He probably would have stayed in the pews until he received something more tangible than the
, before it stopped because his recording ran out of time.
be found?” Luke scoffed, shaking his head and pulling in a lungful of cigarette smoke before offering one to Castiel. He shrugged when Castiel declined. “I’m to accompany you until you see sense and let me escort you back to the fold. So to speak.”
Dean thought Sam’s eyes would pop out of his head. It got slightly more surreal the longer they watched the display of affection.
Castiel inclines his head to focus on the surroundings. Jack had most definitely taken flight after the attack and was hiding in a tree branch. Dean was bound to have disappeared in the opposite direction. Castiel flaps his wings twice to brush off the residue before taking to the air. He chases after Jack first. Upon noticing that his father is after him, he squeals and takes off.
Dean wouldn’t call this docile. Castiel feels like a Warlord Prince even if he doesn’t show it. He’s a slave and is forbidden to wear his Jewels, but his power well is deeper than the Green.
Mass was already underway when he stepped in, but it was in the tail end, with the priest blessing his parishioners as they were being told to go forth. He strode towards the back to be unobtrusive, the loud boom of the speaker and the acoustics of the room made Castiel feel like he was still receiving Revelation. He bowed his head in prayer, continuously turning the details of the case in his head. It caused him to miss the people leaving, while he was buried in thoughts of unborn children, reapers and angels.
"I cannot even…" Dean sputters. "The world is not heating up."
Marriage? Soon? In Heaven? With whom? Dean seriously didn’t know what they were talking about. “You’re one to talk, I still haven’t forgotten that you didn’t warn me about this either, Sammy.”
Dean was sure he saw the beginning of a grimace on Manny’s face, but it quickly disappeared. The other man drew back from him as he spoke. An expression that Dean couldn’t identify passed through Manny’s eyes before he sighed. “No, it’s all right. I think I can manage to get myself a room.” Dean didn’t understand why Manny was suddenly acting... standoffish. He looked over to Sam, wondering if his brother had a clue, but Sam was still engrossed in the brochures.
Dean asks one of the serving girls to wash his linens for a few coins the next day.
Leilah shook her head. "I may know Gabriel well enough to know where he would hide for recuperation after the Morning Star terminated the Trickster's existence, but because of that, he will not answer any summons coming from me."
“There’s the Chevrolet!” Manny suddenly called out, practically bouncing off his seat as he pointed towards it. In the split-second Dean spotted the car, he had to admit it was a pretty sight. Its black hood reflected the sun’s orange rays as it set.
“Really?” Castiel asked, craned his head to check, and saw a black heavily tinted car behind them with New York plates. Castiel reached for his watch and switched on the settings to confirm that he still had no GRACE network connection. It was supporting the SG & T server, so it couldn’t be Michael tracking him through NovaTech, could it? “My brother is also looking for me.”
Dean frowns, thinking that the name must be from further north. It has the inflection of northerners, but he hasn't heard the name before. Castiel offers the dish to Dean again. Dean looks at the bowl suspiciously before Castiel sighs, takes a small sip from the outer rim then gives it back to Dean pointedly.
When Castiel draws on power for another demonstration everything goes wrong.
"I can see why you haven't tried to leave the mountain with your spellwork," Castiel comments dryly while pulling his cloak from the peg behind the door.
With the nestling’s soft cream mingled with bluish-black juvenile down and the scrunched up squished look that all babies had after birth, he is all Castiel never knew he wanted. Castiel falls in love instantly, cupping Jacob in his palms. He strokes the few light brown strands of hair on his head, scared of the possibility of breaking him. Castiel’s black wings engulf them both enveloping them in a cocoon of warmth.
at it, but he had to travel, carrying you with his claws grasping your arms." Dean senses the accusation in that sentence. Really, he isn't going to get over firing at the bird. "It is not ideal. You need your arm healthy before he can carry you."
Temporary set back then, because he couldn't take this as a loss and if there were Winchester words, "die trying" definitely fit the bill.
“So I have a type, so what?” he asked blankly, eyeing the factory on the horizon.
Castiel turned back towards Dean quickly and laid fingers on his forehead, disregarding the surprised look Dean sent his way and projected Dean towards the Throne room before facing off with Metatron.
Castiel knits his brow and clarifies, "The lion-eagle."
"That the string of Pharzuph?" Dean asked dubiously because it was in him to doubt.
“An inventor’s pizza!” Jack leans forward eagerly, talking over Dean.
, rather than when the angels fell?" Kevin asked in frustration, dropping down into one of the smaller chairs in the living room.
Dean held onto the tape for more than a few months because… he couldn't find the right time to give it. There just didn't seem to be a moment where the hunter could hand the tape over nonchalantly. Then suddenly, he was out of time, staring at his mother's grave giving out last will to his friends and family, going on a suicide mission with a soul bomb to purge the Darkness.
Fresh greenery has been put up through the communal eyrie on the first day of Winsol, imbuing the air with its pine aroma. There have been numerous parties and entertainments the entire week, and they’ve reached the seventh day, the Eve of Winsol. They would end the night with an extravagant party in celebration.
Castiel tried to think back on similar experiences in college, but he’d had his own servants then, and barely went anywhere alone. “Right, I’ll remember that. My steam bus will leave in eight hours. We can part ways here,” Castiel offered.
"Believing in Dean does not mean we shouldn't try to find another way to get the souls of the Repository to their rightful place," Castiel said with a shrug. It was just a different problem. Castiel reached back to take the book on prophecy that Kevin had stolen from him. "Let's return our focus to the
—capital of Dena Nehele
Dean scrunched his face. Not with the type of songs that were on there. “Weeeell, you could borrow my Walkman
What was Castiel doing here?
that they had dared walk the halls that held him. "Big brother is occupied elsewhere if you were wondering. A wrinkle in your plan, then?"
She obliges Castiel's inquiries with, "We remember the last wolf attack. The only newcomer then was Katja. But she's Dean's age, so she couldn't be who you're after."
It had flung Dean to the side. Thankfully, he is awake if a little stunned. The Green-Jeweled Warlord Prince has the faculties to send spears of power and take out the males that Jack hadn’t dealt with. They are few, and Dean dispatches them easily.
Dean tapped the black invitation dotted with silver on his hand. The more he looked at it, the more he felt that they were the constellations, the little dipper, and the big dipper. It
"What are you, a troll?" Dean spat out, and on some level, he understood that Lucifer was doing this to get a rise out of him. And wonders of wonders, it was
Lucifer’s eyes flared deep blue in irritation, similar to a demon flashing their eyes black. It was a power play and Lucifer trying to assert his dominance over Gabriel. “Nope, I’m not going down that rabbit hole with you, brother," Gabriel said cheerfully, secure in the fact that he was beyond his brother's reach.
Dad left the wheels and enveloped Mom in a deep hug, his forehead resting on hers. Mary stood rigid for a few seconds before she finally lifted her hands to return the gesture. Dean stilled and took a step back. This was too intimate. His parents weren’t this way on the Ark, with Mom’s barely restrained tears and Dad’s hand rubbing a grease stain on her chin.
“It’s not!” When Castiel shrugs out of Dean’s hold, Dean repeats calmly, “it’s not. I’ve been to Kaeleer, Cas. And Queens there are not so bad. There are Queens there that you’ll be proud to serve under.”
Ben drummed his fingers on the truck as he looked at Dean getting annoyed at every station before he hopped down from the stool and tugged on Dean's arm. "You know… mom has a CD burner in the computer."
“I thought we’d be inviting a few guests to a simple product release.” Castiel waved at the room to show the grand auditorium, the lavish clothes. “Gabriel is a consummate Novak and does nothing by halves.”
Wow. That. Dean hadn't expected that to hurt. He knew that he was the one who'd sent Castiel away all those years ago, and the hunter had been the one to walk away when Cas was pretending to be
Castiel has truly missed his elder brother, and he couldn’t help but feel abandoned by him despite the open invitation to visit. Well, Castiel was cashing in on that now. “Why is it that when I do it, I am running away, but when you did it, you were just finding yourself?”
"They're his
“Fine, fine,” Sam said after a while. “I just say that ‘cause, you know, you should think about
you know the word for travel," Castiel says interrupting Gabriel again. He seems to be determined to interrupt whenever Gabriel speaks. "The griffin comes with me. He's my ride back home."
“I’ll thank you now,” Castiel answered and skimmed his lips over the collarbone before he fell asleep in Dean’s arms.
AGAIN, please check pherryt's amazing
Today, he and Samandiriel, who Dean has started to affectionately call Alfie, are on guard duty while Lady Lucian shops in the town. Neawall, the city at the base of Mount Ararat, is picturesque. Its cobblestone paths, like those in the compound, are spelled to emit heat, so no one needs to shovel the snow that falls. The walkways are also slightly curved, so one never sees the end of the road. It is useful for the merchants promoting spending but terrible for security.
Luckily, Dean has experienced Jack’s ability to yank a person’s reservoir first hand. While Dean hadn’t expected Jack to hold that entire group’s power, whatever Jack did, he’d stopped them.
The Captain waved the concern away. “It just so happens I needed to organize one anyway for my Deck Cadet and my Messman. Twelve’s outward bound at 1500, and we’ll expect you at the library on deck one at 1600. We keep to Atlantic Daylight Time onboard since most of the crew is Bermudan, and it’s a short trip. My navigator will retard the time once we get to the port.”
Michaela watches Lucian speaking to others while slowly making her way, escort in tow, towards her sister. When they finally reach Michaela, Lucian uses one of her wings as a fan, covering her mouth coyly. It raises Michaela’s suspicion since Lucian is never coy unless it suits her.
Dean had taken to calling the mixtape his unfinished song.
"All right, uh, thank you Mr.—"
Rufus chuckled and said, “This here’s a Chevrolet Classic Six. Runs on feedwater at those thermal-gas stations. Bobby Singer sent a message. Said to visit him in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.” The man gave Dean the note. “There anything else you want?”
Castiel nods in understanding. “I’ve never been ‘dancing’ before.” He doesn’t expect Sam’s shove from the back. It almost topples him and Dean, returning to the tables after his turn with the telescope, over. It’s a good thing that Castiel had finished his beer, or he and Dean would be covered in it.
through the ending of the particular piece causing another wait.
He took a deep breath before lifting his head enough to rub his eyes again. It was when he noticed the blue underside of his wrist, he frowned absent-mindedly and swiped at it before he realized,
This wasn't going to be how they would be forever. Dean was still hiding something from him, Castiel had more responsibilities as the Caretaker, and Abaddon and Crowley were still at large. The angel turned away from the star and found Dean, hand on the doorknob, waiting. Cas smiled and replied, "Always."
Dean picked up his unlikely habit of reading when his dad left him and Sammy alone in one of those motels whose conditions were so appalling. The TV only had home shopping and standard pay-per-view. Dean had swiped
Castiel kept giving Leilah sidelong glances. As a human, he'd learned to doubt, and he was dubious about wasting an entire day. Leilah just watched television, unblinking, because she was still graced up enough not to need things as human as blinking. It made her look this side of heavily botoxed, though.
The deep gruff voice of Emmanuel shouldn’t have affected Dean as much as it did. They were strangers, but Dean was partial to Emmanuel’s chiseled face and scruff. Benny would skin Dean alive if he tried any shenanigans, but Benny also knew Dean flirted with everyone.
. He’s currently the world’s leading port investor and developer, who is also the senior advisor and Chairman of the Board of his very large company.
Charles Novak did not micromanage. But he also watched the companies NovaCorp was shareholding. He kept tabs on the cost of production of all of his holdings. Charles listened for the development of tech on top of his regular duties. By watching, he recognized which manager would be promoted and when a product would be released more than he knew the birthdays of his own children.
Micah perished at the hands of a demon horde that had previously been whipping the seducers. They had ripped his wings and chained him down while the demon's charges had continued marching. Charmeine had been forcefully abandoned when the demons gouged out her grace with her own sword; then contorted her grace until it was only the dull black of the damned. Next, they put her together wrong until she was blind to Song and spirit. Maion, who had been the embodiment of self-discipline and guidance, had been buried alive and then locked in chains, forever to burn in eternal torment, as an angel was forever. Kushiel, Paschar, Mihael… all lost between the intervening years.
Balthazar’s wings flutter in time with his fingers, waving Castiel’s concerns away. “What’s life without a little bit of risk?”
Dean's mom may have been the one who taught him how to pray, but it was Castiel whom Dean had faith in enough to pray to. "I'm kinda stuck here, man." He closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against a bookshelf. "I know it was a spell, and I know Metatron cast it, but we never got around to talking about what it was. So give me something, man, anything at all, here."
When Dean finished scrubbing, he decided to find a space to cast the spell. He wasn't going to do it in the Garden because anything that went awry in the perimeter might harm the Tree and Dean wasn't willing to risk that.
“Moment of truth, kiddo.”
"Why is every wavelength projecting 'kill Castiel'?" Gabriel asked as he drew Enochian around his chosen tree. The fig he chose was large enough and isolated enough that no one was going to notice two strange men vandalizing the area around the plant. "What the hell did you do? Kick everyone out of the playground?"
She smiled up at him. "You think so loud," she whispered, standing up. "Metatron is not going to look for me. He is reading." That was going to take a while, from what she was implying. "Come on, Dean Winchester, let's look at your heaven."
that he couldn't just open the freaking Gates of Heaven? He needed a spell that would make Heaven recognize its citizens again.
Sam clears his throat and the two jump apart almost immediately. Sam wishes his older brother would finally admit to liking the mage so all the awkwardness over
That and washing in the sparkling clear waters of the falls was
When He finally came to the last angel, He said in a whisper, or maybe it was a song, for angels were created to hear music. "
- administrators to other heavenly beings
"You coming?" Dean asked, gripping the bough with one hand, his other, shielding his eyes from the sudden play of light. "It feels like Christmas here."
I have no use for this; I'm lending it to you. Go get that douche Metatron for all of us."
This was worse, even if he and Dean weren’t together, and even if he
Dean nodded, a serious expression in place. “Mom got us a way out.”
"It's been a long time since a Righteous Man set foot in Aravoth."
"It was Henry, wasn't it?"
“I don’t think it’s the season for whales. I did observe some flying fish skimming the waters,” Castiel volunteered.
Talking to himself
"Not immortal. We
“Silent again, Castiel?” she says with the sharp sting of warning when Castiel doesn’t respond.
of the wildcats, because, if you haven't noticed yet, I prefer wings." Naomi gasps in distress. "The competition during mating season is frankly, appalling. I want no part of it. I had hoped that you would figure it out by yourself…"
Dean takes his time thinking about it before nodding decisively. “Everyone loves bacon. Except for Sammy, but he’s a freak and doesn’t count.”
So while Dean had gotten more hits than misses with Metatron, Metatron had managed to hurt Dean more. A particular jab of Metatron's blade had landed on the right side of Dean's chest, and if he'd been corporeal, that would surely have collapsed his lung, effectively killing him. Apparently being a soul in seventh heaven had some perks, and not ending up as a brilliant white light of nothing counted as one.
A good number of Michaela’s slaves were Angelus, and because of it, they had a shared culture that none of the Eyriens or even the other Blood races understood.
] and as chapter 16.
Cas even showed him a cross-section of an apple with its core forming a five-pointed star. Dean had never seen an apple halved that way before, so it was his first time seeing the configuration. Once while Castiel was looking at the pies, Dean heard him mumble something along the lines of: “Prosperity for the family. Mystery of Michael. Protection of the Trinity.”
Dean was already regretting going through with this deal. He wanted to go immediately to the Tree of Life and just
“Dean?” Castiel withdrew his arm and successfully rescued Dean from his memories.
Prince Winchester disappeared after dinner. By the time he returns, he looks like he’s death warmed over. Castiel rolls his eyes when Dean protests the fussing and makes quick work of his clothes.
Dean rubbed his arm but smirked at Sam. “I had to do it once, Sammy. I won’t do it again, I swear.”
This fic happened because I really wanted to world build in Heaven and show how angels worked their grace in terms of spells and just angel mythos. Form there I wanted to work with Metatron's Spell, a whole lot of inspiration came off
Dean’s Birthright Ceremony shortly after his tenth birthday comes like the first daffodils after a howling winter.
Once satisfied, Dean runs his hand through her flank and down her leg to let her know he was going to pick up her hoof to clean it. Dean works slowly with a hoof pick through the snow pad and the horseshoe in companionable silence. Regretfully, he doesn’t think it’d be wise to bring Alfie along with him to Kaeleer. The fewer numbers they have when they leave, the less conspicuous they would be. And he’d already sent another note to his dad telling him that Cas wouldn’t come without Jack.
Curious, Dean stands up and investigates what the hell the griffin is doing. Finally, Dean notices a small lump between the two wing scapulae. The skin underneath is raw, and the plumage isn't laying flat. It is out of reach of the bluish-gray beak, and it looks like the griffin has been trying to get it for a while. It seems to be the source of the griffin's irritation.
Being Dean’s nursemaid in the sick room is easy. While the Healers puzzle over Dean’s condition, Castiel mops Dean’s sweat and cleans his body, Hannah passes by to cheer him up.
"The Righteous Man shall remain precious, whether or not he is broken," Castiel said in response. Castiel remembered Michael's song at that moment. That the Righteous Man has had a difficult life, but the Righteous Man was a blade forged and reforged in the fire of trials. The Righteous Man was not a brittle soul, and his rescuers cannot be the ones brittle for him.
, but I choked on my own spit when during the editing phase of the fic, Amazon released
"Is it a mnemosyne?" Bobby asked. Dean took the weapon from the wall and brought it back to Bobby so they could both look it over. Dean waited for Bobby to explain that because Dean had never heard of a mnemosyne before. "Some souls make 'em when they build their heavens. There are some memories we lock away. Sometimes we forget memories more than once. A mnemosyne is a clue, so we remember."
"All of us were easily impressed and innocent," Castiel countered as he stepped forward to get a good look at the child. She reminded Castiel of Claire Novak despite not sharing any physical similarities. Castiel hesitated, unsure of how to proceed.
“Oh, Sleipnir?” Castiel rubbed the nose of a grey horse with a white snip between its muzzle. Dean filed away the question of why Cas needed two horses for later when there was less possibility of smiting. “This is Gabriel’s horse. I sensed your reluctance stealing Raphael’s so I went ahead and stole Gabriel’s before you could object.”
hung in the air, he wondered what Cas was doing in Heaven now. Policing all the angels, just as he'd done when he'd shown Dean his wrath for his betrayal? Fulfilling the role of Heaven's sheriff?
“And now you have all of this.” Dean echoed the gesture Castiel had made earlier. Castiel had achieved so much in the time that they’d been separated. Dean was genuinely impressed at what he’d accomplished. “And you did it without your family’s help. I’m so proud of you.”
The only other birth that Castiel knew of was also another old soul, so there was a pattern if nothing else. "It is something of a conundrum." The Gates of Heaven were closed. All angels had been thrown violently out of Heaven. Humans were effectively locked down in their own versions of heaven with no guides to ferry them from their small isolated heavens to the Garden.
She led Castiel by his prick and shoved him on the floor. He crashed on his hands and knees, the sound of flesh hitting the stone punctuating his pain. He raised his head, and Balthazar was there, and so was his length encircled with the Ring of Obedience, right in Castiel’s face.
“I’ll send you the tickets via your NovaBox, darling. Expect it tonight. Wire me all of your other paperwork ASAP. We usually need to file those three weeks before, but if I can’t cater to the owner, how will I keep my job?”
The party had gone from an intimate gathering that blew up to a hundred strong rave. Everyone invited everyone else. Police became involved. They surrounded the building, got everyone out, had speaking-trumpets blaring. Castiel even had to identify himself to go into his own apartment. They took disturbing the peace seriously in America.
Castiel stole a glance at the two of them. It didn’t seem like they were coming to blows. So this was brotherly banter, then. Similar to what he would have done with Gabriel, but never with Luke and Michael.
Sam grins and points to the doorway. A disgruntled young boy with clothes far too big for his person walks through, holding his pants aloft with his hands, so they don't slip. He drags his bare feet grumbling, "Brother, you better know how to turn me back."
. He didn't understand how this had become his life.
slowed down because he hit more than a few rocks on the entrance to the gravel road.
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
me anything, Light Bringer," Michael's voice boomed forth, difficult to pinpoint its source, loud enough to sound like thunder in the almost enclosed space. Eventually, they came to an impasse, Michael bearing down his sword on Lucifer, who managed to keep his brother at bay.
Sam covers his eyes and groans. He’s well away from Dean’s room, but Jack is just a few steps and a corridor away. Sam is happy for his brother and Castiel really, but didn’t they realize that they aren’t as subtle as they think they are? By experience, the caterwauling would continue for a few hours depending on their enthusiasm, before a prolonged silence. They’d get their sleep then.
And so, Dean hunted the beast in its forest with the hope that he would succeed where many had failed: killing the creature that has taken so many of their children.
Dean gulped. This Dean didn’t understand. Why was his dad so eager to get him to marry, anyway? He was working the family business and trying to improve it, so why this sudden interest in marriage? “Yes, sir.”
If Castiel could still see wings, then he imagined Nathaniel's would have tensed at the question. "The Caretaker is a myth. I think it was just Father's way to get us all to earn our place in His Kingdom." With that, he left without a backward glance.
The wait was always the hardest, because waiting in someone else's heaven felt a little intrusive, like looking at someone else's soul. He was always thankful when the souls returned.
But Dean had this moment to claim Castiel as his.
With that playful jibe, Balthazar shakes his head and leaves them to attend the communal eyrie’s Winsol festivities.
The sun steadily climbed the horizon, bathing them in its warmth while the rest of the mast lights were being switched off.
after his brother decided to give up hunting and Cas helped him with his hunts. Besides,
Dean wouldn’t allow himself to dwell on ‘what-if’s. It helped that he was too busy to think about Castiel and what-might-have-been. He had no idle time to examine his thoughts.
"Like Jesus Christ," Castiel offers.
“A little bit of home, Sammy?” Dean asked when he noticed Sam’s mood had shifted. He tipped his head upward.
Sam and Dean Winchester were very small when the children of their generation were taken; Dean was barely five summers. Their parents had gone with the search party and found a single girl. The wolf had wounded her, and the markings on her wrists looked like marks from claws, scraped raw against her arms. She was frightened, spoke a different language, and they could only understand a few words. But for the first time, they learned that it was not a wolf they sought, but a giant bird. Around the girl, they had found feathers—dark as the night sky, but with a blue undertone—and crushed yarrow surrounding them.
“The Jhinka are dead,” Castiel announces to the guards in attendance. “Prince Winchester was able to subdue them.”
The careful and gentle strokes are comforting, like grooming. Castiel’s wings droop with every pass of Dean’s palm. His shoulders loosen, and his head sags to fully cradle unto the pool’s lip.
"Wow, that's a deep voice you have there," Dean comments offhandedly before silently berating himself over commenting on the man's voice.
"That was one time, and we were running from what passes for Heaven in the land of the crazy," Ash said good-naturedly, tugging his long cape into the passenger side. "Are we passing by Bobby's?"
That was Ash's theory anyway. The only gardener crap was correct if that was the case. Good to know that they actually had some things going their way. "Anything on your end that I could look up for you?"
That vice was back again, and his heart was pounding heavy against his chest. When they approached Cas, Dean simultaneously wished that the ground would eat him up and that the night would be over.
Even with his eyes closed, the light seeped through his eyelids, the chant ringing loudly in his ears, until there was a sudden pop, akin to the change of pressure when changing altitudes and a sudden darkness. When Castiel opened his eyes, Gabriel was standing in front of him with a wide grin, leaning against the Tree of Life.
This road trip was looking up.
"I'm just trying to find something to play a tape with," Castiel says, annoyance lacing his voice as he blows out a tired breath and disturbing the dust that had settled.
Lucifer had opted to stay sitting in this visitation, having materialized a long ass Cleopatra couch. He leaned towards its side, head cradled within his folded arms while looking at Dean lazily.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam lays the metallic ingredient bowls in rows of three on the stainless steel table and gives two sharp claps of his hands. “Okay, Dean, you’re in charge of the dough. Cas, you’re on sauce duty. Jack, you’re loading up the mozzarella. I’ll chop up ingredients that you want and put them in these.”
anymore. They had more than enough funds to live comfortably, and John still chose the company over family any day.
Dad told Dean the story of how he and his mother met and gave Dean his first Led Zeppelin tape for his birthday. Dean remembers that year because it was also the time that Dean became proficient with the gun, and the moment his dad started to give Dean more and more responsibility with raising Sam. By the end of the next year, Dad learned he could leave Dean in charge of his younger brother for short periods of the night during evening hunts. He didn’t take off for more than a day, and never during school days.
Dean collapses on to his makeshift bed, lolling his head against the headboard and groans. "It's so tiring, though. I don't know if I could even use this in a fight."
"Obviously, if I wanted naïve and clueless I would have gotten a puppy and choked it to death." Lucifer tugged on the broad feather, a pearl dropped where the feather had loosened, and the wings disappeared altogether. The instant the feather was free and in Lucifer's palm, it glowed brightly, pulsing with light once before settling. Lucifer closed it in a fist and then slowly opened his fingers to show a bottle filled with what appeared to be thunderclouds, snow, and fog; if something like that can be forced in a small space and bottled.
Thanks for reading! Also! Please take the time to see
The building they approached was a giant purple monstrosity. It dominated the almost deserted highway. The lot was empty except for one other car, but it was open for business despite the hour.
** BEREGIDA ASCHA, Dean = Sleep well, Dean
. He's a needy little worm, isn't he? Even this, opening the Gates, you're doing for
“And before you were born, Cas was never here?”
"I didn't even know there was more than one tree," Dean muttered, stopping in front of the makeshift pew that he usually used for the entire reincarnation gig.
“Riding across America with a bunch of strangers?”
"Then I cannot open the Gates of Heaven for your purpose," Michael informed Dean, crossing his arms in front of him before looking Dean in the eye. "I need to be physically out of this Cage for that to happen. To form the counter-spell, I must know the original spell and work on it to deconstruct it."
incompetent and are either too blind or too stupid to see it. So, sir, as I said, would you like to talk to our clinical manager or the chief of clinics? The COC will probably need an appointment, but seeing as you're a big-wig and all, it can be arranged."
“John,” Mom intervened, but Dad shook his head.
"Enough," Michael growled in a low voice, it was threatening enough for Lucifer to back down and sit on his chair. "How were the angels removed from their home?"
If Castiel weren’t sure that Dean was in such a state of agony, he would have smiled at the picture: Dean moaning every so often, punctuated by groans of utter misery, the blankets kicked at his feet, and his shirt soaked through with sweat. “It might be the pie. Is Sam getting you medicine?”
His dad kneels and envelopes him in a hug, and Dean breathes in his father’s comforting psychic scent. *We’re in your mind Dean, the Darkness is the gift of your psychic strength. I’m here to help you. Look, the lightest we came to is your mom’s Summer-sky, aren’t you excited?”
For the second time that day, Dean spluttered, and maybe gave another strangled groan. He had been talking to a perfectly sensible angel yesterday—where did that perfectly sensible angel go? Before Dean could object more, Sleipnir knelt down and angled his head towards his back. Something that he’d been assured repeatedly was very difficult for a horse since most of their weight was planted on their forelegs. “Wait, what?”
"Taking out a page from the history books and doing a Children's Crusade?" Dean asked dubiously.
The Winchesters both need haircuts. With the quarantine closing down barber shops, Dean’s usual close-cropped hair has become shaggy, Sam’s has reached his shoulders, and Jack’s is slightly more rumpled than usual. Casitel’s grace has kept his the same length for the time being. It’s one of those things that hasn’t bothered him along with shaving.
and sugar candies."
In a way, it felt like he was a child unleashed in society without knowing its rules, with the Winchesters as his only guide. At least Heaven was structured and ordered. Here, it was utter chaos.
Before they set out, Cas swiped the bills Dean had left on the table before following them, offering them the money.
Dean was glad Sam had asked first because he wanted the answer without outright asking.
Castiel nods his agreement before they go on their separate ways. Once in her room, Mary untangles all the cords, ejects Dean's mixtape that he'd gifted to her some time back and proceeds to the library to deposit the tape deck in front of Cas.
"Uh, I understand you might not think we're friends, but we've been in each other's pockets, you know. And you did dislocate my arm. You also didn't tell me about the big pet-that-isn't."
Sam (when he told his stories about the way he had rescued Bobby) seemed to have stayed in the first circle, which had corridors and prisons. A place of sorrow with nearly no torment.
, by definition, pure creation, she was made into being.
." Cas frowned as he took in the words before nodding slowly, listening to the beginning strains of the guitar.
They had spent the day glued to the bunker's sofa: watching TV in Gabriel's case and talking with Kevin in Castiel's. Kevin snorted as sounds of
Castiel suspected after Dean’s Jewel exhaustion despite the Green being full and no other Jewel in sight, but he couldn’t confirm without alerting the Healers of Jack’s talents.
Charles Novak had noticed ship captains using radio to talk between vessels. He had acquired Stava Istana Electric Holdings and channeled their research and development into designing a more effective portable communication system; one utilizing more advanced technologies than the old, crackling, weather-affected radio waves. The result was Global Radio Access Control of Energy, or GRACE: a communication hub that allowed conversation over much greater distances without any distortion. It later evolved into a navigation system. GRACE paved the way to personal devices, the forefront of which was now the NovaWatch, which had gone from trendy must-have to something that even the lowliest members of society wore.
of Revelation if someone hadn't broken his musings with, "Castiel, in my church. Brother, I am blessed."
Walking around the New York Harbor was more frustrating than navigating an airport. The more than a thousand-kilometer shoreline drove him insane.
Castiel blinked at the resounding thunder and fanfare. Heaven still managed to dole out its prophecies in riddle rather than anything remotely useful. Michael shook his head. "If it was easy, brother, it wouldn't be worth it."
1. Seraphim
If anyone deserved eternal rest, surely it would be none other than Dean Winchester.
"Castiel," Gadreel acknowledged, his left leg leading, the point of his sword lowered in a deceptively open stance.
Dad shook his head, acknowledging the evasion for what it was. “I should think so. It’s been playing on air whenever we pass a store or someone messes with the Impala’s radio.”
From inside the Cage, Lucifer offered his laughter and agreement. Dean settled for flipping them all off.
then they're probably not the culprits," Castiel explained. They had been a long shot, but he had included them in the list to be thorough. "Baba Yaga is busy in Europe, so it's unlikely that it's her. And she is one person, unable to cause this magnitude of brephophagy."
Gabe righted himself before patting his own horse on the neck. “She’s a palomino actually, but the natural metallic sheen of her coat is really, really nice. Michael does choose his rides with style.”
Castiel beamed at him before he pulled out a vial from his pocket, radiating a cool blue that almost shimmered. “I want you to have this. These helped me find my way when I was lost. I hope you find your dreams too.”
Dean swallowed against the ball lodged in his throat. He barely remembered their life before the Ark, but he needed to know why Dad was bringing this up now. He focused on his dad’s faraway look and the visible crinkle under his left eye that meant he was recalling happier times.
The brothers stop to consider his words before Dean replies with, “You know, that ain’t a bad idea.”
When there was a lack of response, Dean looked back and noted that Cas was
Michaela flashed a triumphant smile to Balthazar before commanding, “Come in.” Castiel watched as she rode Balthazar slowly, not stopping even as he walked in. Balthazar’s face in agony as he gripped her hips, begging for release.
“I’ve given you nothing that you didn’t have yourself.”
Dean gave the Chevrolet one last glance. It hadn’t been an apology or for use at work, at all.
- guardians of the Tree of Life, God's record keeper
which had been Sam’s homework, to kill the time between cooking and whatever it was that passed for school then.
As one the angels knelt in obeisance, those in the air, dipping their heads and flattening their wings to a glide until they touched the ground and could put fists to their hearts. Even the horses bowed their heads low.
! And besides, Michael is locked away in Lucifer's Cage! In Hell! What kind of answer is that?"
"Snark, from you? I was wrong, you
"Enough to know that we've both met him and that he resonates within me," Charis whispered, her dark curls spread over the bed as she watched him in this slow death. Angels were never meant to die in protracted amounts of time; it was meant to be a blinding flash of the angel blade or the Rit Zien, their angelic healers. This human death was the agony of knowing that Castiel's body was failing him and he could do nothing. "I think it's time. Don't you want to meet Dean again?"
Castiel watched Dean as he bent over in laughter before he noticed graffiti on the wall, spray-painted as the star of David. With one last look at Dean saying that he hadn't laughed that way in years, Castiel strode forward to a different memory.
There are galaxies in Dean’s eyes, and his soul is as dazzling as ever, pulsing in time with his heartbeat. There is an eternity there, a lifetime. Castiel’s grace, warm, blue, and light, tries to reach for it, searching for a way to bask in the warmth of this human’s soul.
He stared at the money with his mouth held open. “Mom?”
"Oh, good god, Castiel," Naomi waves her hand imperially over Dean. "Please attend to your human. I cannot believe you're marrying an imbecile."
Sam’s answering was a disapproving hum, and Dean shot him a dirty look. “The hell does ‘hmmm’ mean?” He demanded.
“—and then giving away pie to Gabriel, but seriously stealing a horse from two archangels?” Cas was looking up at him defiantly by the time Dean finished enumerating the things that had gone wrong today. “Why do they even have horses? They have
—the first Jewel granted to a Blood youth during the Birthright Ceremony. Depending on its strength, they could descend a maximum of three ranks after their Offering to their mature Jewel strength.
Cas's prayer to Dean at his headstone was
"Well, I wasn't going to suggest he
“Salvage?” A Black Widow does not use words lightly, she means salvage and not
Dean shifted in place, looking anywhere but at his father, who was staring at him with narrowed eyes. “I’m not ready to settle down.”
A spring bubbled from underneath the Tree, then unraveled and flowed until it divided into four rivers and continued to the horizon and beyond. Castiel looked back towards the Tree and decided to take his chances with the origin instead of the stream. He took off his shoes and waded in the water.
on tumblr whose meta was the one that started this fic off. It was a bit difficult becuase Season 9 had locked all angels out so how was I going to build a Heaven with angel's point of view? (I do not have tumblr, I barely write in Facebook and LJ as it is, I do not want to add more temptation XD)
“We’re also very pleased to announce his engagement to the heir of Winchester Motors!”
“As opposed to just two?” Castiel smiled, appreciating the effort Dean made to convince him.
Bobby had offered Castiel room, but without the Winchesters, the angel felt like an intruder in Bobby's home. As soon as he could pretend to walk straight, Castiel had drawn sigils for the Garden and left.
Shuffling, Castiel shifts his weight from side to side. “But do you like it?”
“You left suddenly with Luke of all people, so I had to go through your notes.” Gabriel rolled his eyes, but there was a promise that they
Wordlessly, Castiel disrobes and dips into the pool beside Dean, and pauses, waiting for orders. Dean gently guides him to the rim of the stone pool, and Castiel’s breathing slows. While Michaela and Lucien own his leash, he’s been granted this reprieve, and though he'd dreaded it, he’s come to learn to look forward to Dean’s natural charm. The lack of orders sets him adrift. He’d never had someone expect absolutely nothing from him. Least of all his obedience.
Kevin dimmed the lights and showed a jumble of maritime disasters that Castiel either couldn’t or at times didn’t wish to identify. Once done, Kevin clapped three small punctuated beats. “Okay! Now that I have your attention. It’s not only my job to keep you safe aboard, but also yours. But the most important thing first! Stow your phone and keys to your cabin, or you’re gonna lose them. Trust me. I do not want a repeat of the Panama incident.”
When Dean opens his eyes, the Jhinka around them are gone. In their place, big droplets of red fall in a torrent with chunks of matter that Dean didn’t examine too closely. The slush is melting where the Jhinka blood dropped, and the trees are bathed in red. The Green shield is still standing, keeping the snow inside the circle pristine, save for the lone circle of blood before Dean pushed out the shields.
Jack grins, bringing up his own cup, filled with cider instead of rum, and answers with, “May there always be a roof for the rain.”
The door creaking open broke the spell between them. They simultaneously froze, eyes shooting to where Sam stood. The younger Winchester was looking everywhere but at them.
Castiel takes the time to review the figures each morning with the nephilim. Demon traps and angel sigils are an excellent starting point to teach children foreign languages and geometry. They cover both Latin and Enochian in one go. When Jack traces the sigils without hesitation, Sam, the next of their little household to wake up, peeks in. He’s sleep rumpled but has on a gray tank top, jogging pants, and running shoes.
them while I was there."
Castiel catalogs the divots of Dean’s face, the dips of his dimples, freckles dusting his nose and cheeks while taking in the symmetry of his form. There’s no technique in this military cut, but it did somewhat expose Dean and made him look vulnerable. Or maybe it is just now that Castiel notices, while they are staring at each other as they’ve done countless times before.
—an outward representation of the power wielded by members of the Blood. They act as a container for the reservoir of power possessed by the Blood. Not all members of the Blood have enough psychic power to receive one.
I wrote a non-handshake scene between Nathaniel and Castiel. Which is why,
Dean lifts his chin up, his body tense. Castiel wants to take back the last few minutes and just agree to accompany him, but the moment has passed, and Dean is already butt-hurt. Any other claim to come would have been met with suspicion. Dean grunts. “Fine. Get ready to leave in thirty.”
Castiel waves his hand in dismissal. "I realized this when Aunt Amara cursed some princess over a spindle. A dashing prince has since woken her up."
Implying that he will not be for long. Dean swallows an outright protest. He can’t insult the Lady, who is also a Queen, but he definitely can’t be ringed here either. “You flatter me, my Lady, but I’m currently under contract with Lady Michaela and would see it through before I consider another court.”
"I know plenty about the dickbag," Dean spat out. He took one of the chairs from a desk that was near the window, and Ash leaned on the wall by the fridge, all of them filling out the room quickly. "But I really need the ingredients."
On the other hand, Dean is perfectly fine with being alone. He has a process that doesn’t involve a list. It is disorganized, random, and is prone to impulse buys. When Castiel peers into the cart, he finds an arbitrary assortment of foodstuffs nestled in the bottom. It’s puzzling because he’s sure that Dean doesn’t have wings, and couldn’t have gone past Castiel without his knowledge. That doesn’t even touch on the fact that Dean has some unknowable criteria for choosing his processed meat.
The humans, suddenly made aware of the supernatural, scampered to build protections around themselves. Because demons were kept out by iron, salt, holy water, and devil’s traps, they flocked to cities and built towers imbued in their foundations with iron and salt, their outer walls blessed with holy water and their structure done in an elaborate devil’s trap to keep out the newly discovered demons.
Castiel gives him an encouraging squeeze on his shoulder. He hopes that it would be enough to show Dean that despite what happened in the forest, there are no hard feelings between them.
Castiel’s heart beat with the pulse of the song, and he awkwardly tried to follow the words. He wasn’t familiar with the number—all he heard were the people’s feet as they simultaneously hit the ground in time with the rhythm and the audience hollering the lyrics.
Castiel pushed the items onto the counter for ‘Cole’—if his name badge was accurate—to sort.
“Pizza is the unhealthiest food on the planet,” Sam complains, pulling out mixing bowls from the ancient cupboards for the ingredients. One good thing about the industrial kitchen is that it was designed to serve many people at once. They’ve never run out of mixing bowls. “The least we could do is just load it with vegetables.”
Dean stopped lifting his beer midway. Well, there was that. It wasn't such a bad idea, actually. "Any of you know the spell Metatron used to close it in the first place?"
"You forget, mostly everyone knew him as the Trickster. No one was going to associate Loki with a vessel," Leilah said warmly. She and Gabriel had worked eons together, and they certainly knew each other well enough. "Only a handful of angels were privy to the fact that the Trumpeter fled Heaven to hide as a pagan god."
Gabriel looked doubtful. But the prophet's words seemed to have affected him. "Leading has always been Michael's domain." It was said in the tones of a last-ditch attempt to convince himself against a bad idea.
Sam sighed. “Are you over Cas?”
“Welcome to
do it, not him! I’m the only one who
Dean grabs the offending wrist and stills it, but he doesn’t push away. “If you’re going for comfort, that’s not exactly what’s happening here.”
Castiel drank the sight of Dean but shook himself from his musings. He quickly changed into his sturdy pants and a white shirt he’d appropriated from Dean. It still smelled faintly of leather, coal, and a scent that Castiel identified uniquely as Dean’s.
He folded the mixtape into Cas' hand when they hugged. Cas felt it, wrapped his hand around it, but didn't acknowledge it. Cas knew it wasn't something they'd talk about, and Dean was thankful that the angel understood and didn't comment. Cas clutched the last gift firmly and watched as Dean gave the Impala keys to Sam.
his birthday.”
“Oh, come on, you
He had done a half-assed job of going to the seventh heaven without even knowing what he needed. He had no idea who the Caretaker of the Throne was, he barely knew what the counter-spell to Metatron's Spell was, and he couldn't even reach the Throne. He'd shown his hand to Metatron for nothing.
had ever returned his mixtape. There was a burning behind his eyes and the beginning of pounding in his ears.
"You should've told me." Every bit of indignation Dean is feeling laces his voice.
Dean doesn't know what the proper response for that should be. "Have I said your family is insane? I think I should point it out if you haven't realized yet."
Dean thinks Castiel has taken his reluctance for incompetence, and that wouldn't do. "ZIMZ."
There was a telling silence, and Dean sighed. "Awesome."
Dean stows the feather in one of the cloak's inner pockets, to work on it in the morning.
The next day, a hunt found Dean, and he was forcibly dragged away.
Dean flipped him off with an easy gesture, before standing in front of the Cage and eyeing the string that Lucifer was—of all things—playing cat's cradle with. It was blood-red and faintly glowing, tied around the smallest finger of Lucifer's right hand.
equivalent of this entire author's notes if you're interested in that kind of thing.
Dean attempted to stand, but when that failed, he turned and twisted and moved by dragging his body through sheer will across the floors of the throne room to reach the Throne. He gritted his teeth against the pain and coming to terms that it was his soul bleeding and dripping all over the goddamned bridges of fire and the pure white marble that was seventh heaven's floor.
Michael was up on a grandiose stage. “Good Evening, everyone! Thank you for coming. I hope you’re all enjoying yourselves.”
Ash gave him a confused look before walking back to the Impala, casting one admiring gaze back at the Cage. Dean followed when he felt his nerves were steady enough. "Okay, Ash, ever heard about Lucifer being a fucking cherub before his fall? Because he and Cupid don't seem to be in the same weight class."
“It’s forgotten.” Manny looked between them in consideration before his eyes landed on Dean. “I could still take the bus. There’s bound to be a stop here somewhere.”
“All the more reason to get him out of Terreille!” Dean practically shouts, his neck muscles corded with the effort.
“Winsol.”
A new religion was born in the ashes of this strange new world, a religion based off of the Winchester Gospels, a new testament appended the Old… and the Older testaments. It was a religion that preached of protection and it appealed to hunters and Men of Letters whose bunker was still intact and its smaller capitula revived and made active.
“Nobody treats me like you do,” Castiel answers, exhilarated.
"Arm or no deal, asswipe," Dean demanded, sticking his arm as close to the Cage as he could manage. In the third heaven, the Cage barely allowed Lucifer to pass, in the second circle, Lucifer succeeded in letting his fingers slip through. It did amaze Dean that Lucifer actually
The silence was comforting in its way. Had he been back in the garrison, the Song would have been constant in the background, resonating between him and Joshua now that they were both occupying the same space. Joshua's notes would have blended with the fast and harsh tones that Castiel was desperately churning around his head. Enochian had been their language, but the Song had been their thoughts in motion. Now, though Castiel could hear the Song, it was as if he was fumbling the notes as if he was a player missing the beat in a well-timed orchestra.
"And what new information would that have given you?"
- military, political, economic concerns
Once the Blood die, if they have enough power left, they could transition to being demon-dead. But for those who’ve been given a final death they become a whisper in the Darkness.
Balthazar positioned the largest part of the tree inside a makeshift fire pit. Around it lies several leaves of holly and fatwood. As the darkest-Jeweled Angelus male, it is Castiel’s duty to ignite the kindling.
a Vegas fan.
“Did you know?” Dean demanded as soon as Castiel picked up, not allowing him to speak. It was almost five in the morning, but Dean hadn’t been thinking when he’d rung Castiel on the phone.
A tic was starting on Dean’s forehead. “Damn it, Sam. I told you to let it go.”
Jack shakes his head, backing away, which forces Dean to follow him. Jack runs deeper into the forest when Dean chases, shouting back at Dean, “Nothing! You can’t tell them, you can’t. Mother will be extremely displeased, and then Castiel will get whipped because of it. He already has a lot of scars because of me.”
“Aunt Amara?”
John lights the black candles around the Altar in the sequence to open the Gate to make the portal as Castiel secures the inner sanctuary with the Gray shields. It wouldn’t hold against a concerted attack, but it would buy them time if they are ambushed.
Not with the singing and the appearing out of nowhere but hey, there could always be exceptions. "Where exactly is Raki'a?" Dean asked, stumbling over the unfamiliar word. Here was a being that seemed to know a bit about Heaven, trusted or not, the hunter was going to milk the situation for all it was worth.
Sam’s eyes widened before tearing the paper away. “Did you make this for me?”
Sam and Jack both look up when they enter, and Jack says, “We’re cooking pizza for lunch, Cas. What toppings do you want?” There is already the marinara sauce, flour, and other ingredients strewn about the tabletop.
Castiel’s wings cut through the wind as he flies along the air currents towards the slave’s lodgings. Michaela built her domain on the jut of Askavi’s extensive mountain range. It requires flight for ease of transfer. Changing his wing angle, Castiel brings his wings high to slow them during the descent. He touches down on the slave’s receiving area.
. You built a complete cabin away from the palace," Naomi said in entreaty. "Eagles die of pining when they do not mate."
Dean snorted. "We're down to crude humor now?"
Balthazar’s assessment rings true, and it’s all the more intriguing. Castiel has never been given to someone who’s refused his services. But it is also a welcome break, especially since Jack’s Birthright Ceremony is fast approaching.
on those things. Do you
A click followed by the disconnect tone answered that pronouncement.
"Why don't you read your prayers, man?" Ash asked in confusion as he counted through the lot. There were enough letters to fill a shoebox. And if that didn't make Dean feel like a girl, he didn't know what did. "I get mine by e-mail, but I don't think I get
“And you’d rather be here with your passing dalliance than see if you could be great in the company?”
"I want the string of Pharzuph, you extracting a pinprick of my blood and your grace." Dean shrugged as if to imply that the entire thing was rather easy. It was probably easy enough for Lucifer. Castiel had labored for it in a matter of days; Lucifer probably needn't be bothered for more than a few seconds.
Joshua, their estate manager, bowed when Cas arrived by the ballroom double doors.
“And why did you buy six packs of toilet paper, Dean?! This is not
As it progressed to something more, it just hadn’t mattered to them if people knew or not. They haven’t been hiding it exactly, but they weren’t making a big deal out of what has always been their status quo.
Dean wrapped his arm around Manny, who watched him with hooded eyes before he leaned against him. Manny smelled of the fair, with all its fried food and a day spent under the sun, but underneath was the clean notes of those expensive Stana colognes.
Castiel passes by Dean’s room. He misses the side table that Dean brought from Castiel’s temporary room to embellish Dean’s when Cas had been human. Once Castiel had regained his grace, the table quietly disappeared.
But the thought of losing Dean was more frightening than Dean’s anger. So he kept silent. In his darkest moments, he speculated what went through his mother’s mind when she agreed to the match. To give away one of her sons to someone who
“Dean doesn’t want to, but I think he should take some classes with me,” Sam said, his jaw set, his fists clenched over his utensils.
to hide anymore and stronger reasons to stay. You told me when you left that you loved your brothers; this is the time to show Heaven that you are more than just your word."
He frowned and brought up his watch. It was the NovaWatch version he had worked on, rather than one of the newer ones that had been released after he graduated. Castiel refused to change it despite pressure from the family. Multiple micro-cogs dotted its surface for function—none of the touch screens that their rival companies used—and classic Stavan design.
“Y’all plan on studyin’?” Bobby asked in surprise.
“Then why are you trying to get me to go back to Stava?” Castiel asked. “I don’t like the managerial tasks. I’m not suited to it—it’s just nepotism. I’d rather be left alone to design and build what I can.”
“I showed it to you, yes.”
Her smile faltered. "I see," she whispered her hand stopping mid-way from reaching out to the hunter. "I have been alone in Heaven, forbidden from the lower circles. My only companion has been the Scribe. Before you came, my sole duty was to guard the rivers of fire and to attend to the Throne. I have apologized that my master threw you into prison. I have rebelled from the only master I have known so that you may walk free. I did it all for you."
Flashes of another angel, another sister years ago, fallen in ashes. Castiel closed his eyes to pretend that the darkness could shield him from his memory: so many burnt ashes, so many remnants of bright wings.
“We must set off the rest all at once,” Castiel pointed out once the fountain dropped to a sputter, licking the crumbs off his lips. “We have to leave in case the police arrive.”
After a second shower for the day, they each retire to their own corner of the bunker. Castiel spends some time with Jack in the library, and they end up in companionable silence as Castiel searches for cases again.
"You could have just said that you had a nightmare."
“Now we just need karaoke or a movie,” Dean says, and Castiel pointedly doesn’t look at Dean licking his lips or the quickening pulse at the base of his throat.
“We haven’t had a complete Michaelmas in centuries,” Raphael pointed out motioning to the angels who were already mingling with the souls that had been invited for the ceremonies as well as the other angels who were present. “Not since the fracturing of the World Tree that created the circles of Heaven.”
He decided to call her. Sometime later. Maybe.
He left his watch wired up and rearranged his workspace. Hooking up the materials he’d ordered through Gabriel, he checked the rest of his systems. He thought about sticking to glasses instead of the more difficult task of creating a lens. But Castiel vetoed the idea immediately. Setting limits to ambition in the early stages wasn’t going to help him complete his project.
Before Castiel could chime in, Balthazar interrupts with, “Heads up, Cassie! Jackie’s landed on an excellent one.”
"What?"
Sammy giggled but frowned when he looks at the time. “But it’s just Christmas Eve, I should have opened it Christmas morning!” Apparently, Sam was the type of kid who hoarded presents and waited for Christmas morning before opening. Good to know.
The woman almost squealed, “Will you marry me?”
“I wasn’t able to complete a NovaWatch.”
Metatron gave him an amused look before fluttering out of the car with his wings. Dean took a moment to calm himself before getting the car back on the road. If there was one thing he'd learned from his father, it was that hunters didn't negotiate with freaks of nature. John would've been proud.
Sam curled his hands into fists and took a deep breath. “Well, maybe you should have come on your own then.” Sam stalked towards the door, while Dean called out for him, but he was too enraged, so he slammed it shut and left.
"I understand. Next time find higher sleeping ground," Castiel acknowledged and sent them on their way by emptying his pockets and gently pushing them. One squirrel had looked back and chattered in a sort of farewell before it was lost again in the trees and the shrubbery.
She bit her lip in worry and then whistled a small pure note, resounding throughout the entire seventh sphere. After a while a deep resonance rumbled back, lower and more solid. "At least one angel in Aravoth," she answered, "the
Gabriel gave a bellow of outrage when he found out that even though he could use his wings, he could not fly into Heaven and was now more or less moored to Earth. His head was lolling about on the bunker's sofa, arms covering his eyes and he was moaning due to what Castiel assumed was either the pain of slamming into Heaven's locked gates or abject misery because he had failed.
Dean gave out a strangled groan. “There’s something both blasphemous
“Y’all can bring in yer clothes and have showers if ya’ want, but try not to use all my hot water. The thing don’t work right if it’s empty. Got two rooms upstairs for ya’. First doors, up the stairs. Take yer pick,” Bobby said while waving his fork in that direction before turning to Castiel. “Figure you can find a place to bed down.”
That just meant there was no conceivable way to find answers about the
“Good morning!” Jack says sunnily as he kneels down beside Castiel’s crouched form.
Sam remembered the sizzling of the explosives and the colors of the lights in the sky. Even now, a day after the display and his heart felt full and overwhelmed. Their father never allowed fireworks on the ships, saying they were too much of a hazard, so he was thankful that Dean went out of his way to treat him.
The unknown assailant batters John’s shields, his shield failing just as Sam gets knocked out of his stupor. Dean can’t carry Sam, but he uses a little of Craft to help him and drags his petrified brother out into the night air.
No matter what Lucian might say of the paternity, it is evident that Jacob was sired by an Angelus father.  “Hello, Jacob,” Castiel whispers, rubbing his cheek against his son’s soft one. His heart feels like it would burst.
“Maybe I should’ve left you on the Ark then.” Dean stepped closer to Sam and raised his chin. “You’re trying to dictate my life! Just like Dad!’”
Balthazar has never forgotten how Castiel tries his best for them. How Castiel comforts Hannah and the way he stood up for the slaves when Lucien came made him precious to
Suddenly Castiel was before the Throne, rather than beside it. The four archangels
Cas’ eyebrows furrowed further. “Raphael’s horse is named Aesculapius and though she may look black, she’s actually bluish roan?”
Without explaining where they were going, Dean drove them a few miles, turning Chevrolet’s gleaming black hood into a dusty lot in the observatory.
Manny had a slight scruff from not shaving that morning, framing his chiseled jaw and accentuating the cleft in his chin.
Dean whistled. “My parents homeschooled me.” That further explained his reluctance to attend college.
Mary fidgets before finally saying, “You two need to go back to Terreille.”
Like Gabriel, the steam car was loud and done up in red and gold. Castiel never knew the Bevells could produce such a garish monstrosity, but there they were.
“Yeah, Sammy, I’m fine. Just beat,” Dean said before he rubbed his face to wake himself up.
so nothing made sense. It wasn't just the whip; there was what seemed to be a crown of thorns and two metal chains with hooks wrapped around both of Cas' upper thighs.
“I’ll get out of your way then, Captain.”
. Lisa found him in the garage just as the song was ending. She coaxed him to bed, but the heaviness in his heart didn't leave him.
Castiel sets the candle on an open table and lights it, just as Sam walks in. Hastily, Castiel throws his tan coat over Dean to cover the strip of red cloth. It causes Dean to jerk up, startled. Sam wrinkles his forehead, glancing at Castiel in askance.
, Castiel told himself. He’s already accompanied Dean to all but their final destination. Dean would not need him now. But each step away that Castiel took was heavier than the last.
Castiel straightens an imagined wrinkle in Alastair’s coat. Alastair’s smile turns rigid.  Some enjoy pain more than pleasure, and Alastair is one of them. The thought of even bedding Castiel disgusts him so much that Castiel has learned to use it when he can.
Castiel straightened and met Naomi’s cold gaze. “I’m leaving. You have thousands of employees. You don’t need me.”
“Did he even say
Regrettable, but also very satisfactory. Dorothea Sadiablo would hang her if she finds out since Blood in Terreille is failing. She could suck her own craw. Dorothea’s the one who systematically murdered any darker-Jeweled female or Black Widow who could go against Red Jewel. So she should understand it’s her fault there are no darker bloodlines to breed true.
“Alright, let’s go,” Sam pronounced after watching the first two light up. They hurriedly piled into the car and drove away. Sam watched the pyrotechnics from his window with a carefree grin.
Castiel hesitated for a moment before he tasted it. It was cinnamon with a hint of another spice that Castiel couldn’t identify. Matched with the tart apple and the crust, it explained why the judges had given this pie a blue ribbon. Dean was right, the crust might not have remained as flaky and golden from the few days out in the open, but the filling was definitely a winner.
Dean grunted his response, it was pre-coffee Dean, so Sam didn’t expect coherence.
"Dean's age?" Cas asks puzzled. "He was a child then?"
"Penanggalan, mananangal, matruculan, and aswang are all out. Why is it that most of these monsters in your list are Asian in origin?" Kevin asked as he skimmed the list that he'd copied and taped to the dashboard before he started the car and shifted gears.
Dean slapped his palm over his neck and glared at Lucifer. "There's no
do so.
“The sea is like that too. Freedom at its best.” Benny’s eyes swivel to Sam, who gave him a tight smile. He had never been on any vessel other than the Ark, and his nervousness was showing. Dean didn’t really understand ‘cuz one ship is the same as the other.’ Sam had always been the planner and worrier of the two.
“With the sex. We don’t want to terrorize them with the sex. They were such cockblocks with the entire haircut and that stupid dance!” Dean punctuates each word with a kiss across Castiel’s neck. “Wonder when they’re going to get a clue.”
had swallowed the souls from Purgatory, the archangel would have come out of it whole, even with the leviathans.
. You think that basking in Dean's presence is worth more to you than finding redemption in his hands. This helps, but it was never as important as Dean's company. It's why you punish yourself endlessly because you cannot
“It kinda reminds me of road trips with Dad,” Dean whispers, tilting his head up unseeing at the bunker’s ceiling. “Sometimes when we’re in the middle of bumfuck nowhere, and we’re trying to sleep in Baby, we just look out to the sky in awe. I just made up names, ‘cuz I didn’t have books to check on them. Sam threw an epic bitchfit when he found out there is no such thing as a Wanking Wendigo.”
"And the twenty years in between?"
"This is my playground. It
when the Blood shatter their mature Jewel and their Birthright. A severe punishment for a Queen who violates another Queen's court.
their messages. Dean was angry, not because they needed help with Dagon (although, yeah they could have used the back-up) but because he'd been worried about Cas' sorry ass. So yes, although Dean was concerned about Cas, Sam was already covering the worried department, leaving Dean free to be the one who was left feeling pissed off.
There's a song Dean plays after bad hunts, he plays it on repeat with the stereo on so loud so that he can't hear himself think as he beats himself up continuously.
bring me here to apologize, didn’t you?”
“No one’s tricking you, Dean. It’s a tradition that we ‘steal’ horses on the eve of Mikulmas,” Castiel explained using those air quotes to emphasize his point, the previous defiance gone. “Sorry, I was just a bit excited for the feast day, and I really sort of wanted it to be a surprise. Do you want to go to Mikulmas with me?”
When Sam finally got over his tantrum and made his way back, he put down the pilot starter for the Chevrolet on a nearby table and cocked his head in silent question. If he noticed the rancid stench of vomit in the toilet or the motel stay extension, he didn’t comment on it.
The brothers had the tire changed, the Chevrolet repacked, and everyone sat back inside in record time Dean wiped his hands with a rag.
In all the chaos of the garrisons forming and re-forming in attempts to imitate and restructure the hierarchal choir circles, Castiel had never once attempted to visit a stronghold other than Bartholomew's. He had learned enough from the one time he had been forced to attend, and that had certainly not been pretty. He was Heaven's outlaw, and he wasn't welcome in most of his brethren's earthly establishments.
Thus marks the end of Dean’s childhood.
“I found seven routes to Los Angeles, California. There is only one that uses the bus as sole transport. It requires three transfers and a 3.3-kilometer drive from the current location,” Nova finally supplied.
Dutifully, Dean pressed both buttons, the click sounding loudly in the room before
After Dean and Castiel’s ride, he was, miraculously, well enough to try the attraction on his own. As a single rider, the attendants paired him up with some random girl. She had no scruples about going over personal boundaries. Castiel felt terrible for Sam’s encounter, but he had to admit, it was a little bit funny.
After driving into the early morning, Dean had announced that the next stop would be their last before they settled for the day in a city in Ohio.
She frowned, her hand tightening around her cup, disturbed. "I don't understand. Why would you need to know something like that? I assure you, my pregnancy is—was not a matter for the bureau."
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re not using that term right,” Sam criticized while he glared at the cloth-wrapped goods—complete with its blue ribbon—in his lap.
Everyone danced and drank, and it was impossible for Castiel not to revel in the excitement. After a few songs, Sam excused himself to get some food. The band had transitioned from their high energy songs to a few slow ones that had the surrounding audience pairing off and swaying.
—a Jeweled male equal in status to a Priestess or a Healer
“Where ya’ headed?” Dean asked with genuine interest.
He then voiced the conclusions that he had been afraid to tell Kevin, "We are facing either a monster horde or simply the embodiment of a Power. Powerful enough to rival Pestilence at least. Unless… this is a massive spell, in which case, I imagine it would cause a backlash that surely would have been felt by the other angels by now, and the Song is silent on this."
“Ahh,” Balthazar said as he pulled up his sleeves and started shampooing Castiel’s hair. “Have you told him that you loved him yet?”
Dean settles at an outcropping that forms a natural seat near the griffin. It cocks its head to the side and regards Dean slowly, blinking its eyes at him.
She narrowed her eyes in thought, making it seem like the concept of having her own name was foreign to her. Like it was the first time someone had asked it of her. "The Scribe calls me Charis."
?" Dean struggles to follow, but by the time he has the door unlatched and is outside, the only sign of their appearance is two griffins flying on the horizon.
It had been a few hours after their lovemaking, and it had left Castiel restless and unable to sleep.
Castiel had come back on his own, and he had never proven who had done it. He might have thought it was their Father once or twice, but Castiel was not sure.
“You had him
The brothers looked at each other and laughed. “Manny, dude. Don’t you ever tip?”
There are only two axes, so Dean watches what Jack and Hannah are doing for a few seconds before joining them over the stripping.
Castiel hadn't known that Nathaniel could look more irritated than he was when he thought he was addressing a mere human. It blew to something close to rage when he paid closer attention to just who Castiel was. "Ahh, I should have known the Prophet would not associate with just any hunter. Castiel, I had thought by now that being cut off from the Song would have driven you insane."
But Castiel looked like he needed a bit of silliness, and Dean could tell Jack was getting antsy. So Dean didn’t resist the temptation of lobbing one against Castiel before he and Jack went on their separate ways to hide. The boy had scrambled up the clearing and vanished into the thicket, using Craft to cover his footsteps.
Kevin frowned because they usually didn't talk much about angels. There was never really an occasion for it, but Castiel also believed that Kevin wanted to spare him the painful memories. "You know I never knew how the entire garrison worked exactly."
Dean listened to those pearls of wisdom and included them with the essentials: take care of Sammy and always bring salt. “You want it to be special, you don’t want something you could just tune in any time on the radio to listen to.”
"Blood is less potent from the vein. You
. Dean stared in horror at the empty spot, which had previously been occupied by his currently crazy angel. “Cas, you’re killing me.”
“Oh, wow, Cas! It’s great!” Jack praises, coming in from the doorway. Dean’s head snaps towards the door, his spine rigid.
“You’re also not allowed to contradict me,” Dean admonishes.
Both Archangels fought in the form of blinding, incorporeal lights, difficult for Dean to follow, if not impossible. It made the earlier display look like mere child's play. Now, Lucifer was out for blood.
"Are we going to argue semantics here? I'd rather have a chair or a bed preferably, somewhere we can get you off your knees." Dean looked around, but the white halls were bare of anything. Until suddenly they weren't; they were in the bunker, in the small almost-empty room that Cas had claimed as his own. "Well… I certainly didn't ask for that."
Castiel gave Nathaniel a perplexed look. "But Gabriel has been gone from Heaven for a long time. Certainly long enough before the births became a problem."
Lady Michaela waves an imperious hand at Castiel as she suns her wings.
“Why do you have a car, Dean? You have
that they could order him to marry? Hadn’t he already given his enough of his life to the family? He’d wanted to travel and see the world, and his mother asked him to stay and help expand the business. He’d stayed because he was a dutiful son.
Cas shook his head before going over to the sink and thoroughly rinsing the goose again.  At least Cas seemed to have picked up butchering as a skill even if he didn’t understand much about cooking. He would finish with that goose in less than ten minutes flat. “No. We should eat blackberries before tomorrow hits, so if we don’t use it for pie, that’s all going to the trash.”
“Duly noted,” Dean answers. Lucian can’t do anything worse than Michaela once she finds out he’ll be stealing her slave.
The city grows and sprawls, building from the base of the mountain stopping at a natural line, which Prince Samandiriel explains was Lady Michaela’s mandate. It wouldn’t do for Eyries to approach her own eyries. Not that they could, Mount Ararat is easily 5,000 leagues off the ground.
She hummed noncommittally, looking at Dean and finding that maybe she wasn't alone in this after all. "How did you die?"
“When the Angelus were new, and the tribes roamed the plains instead of the high mountain passes, there were two Warlord Princes who served the Darkness. During the longest night, they battled for her favor.” The courtyard is silent, listening to the age-old tale, but Dean leans forward, not having heard of it before.
“You’ll die here on your back, trying to give them a dark-Jeweled child.” Dean takes a step towards Castiel, but the Angelus folds his wings around himself in defense. “You’ll condemn another kid to them, and you’ll forge the leash that binds you. Come with me. If not for you, then for Jack. For any future child.”
Dean grips his father’s hands tighter, his knuckles going white.
He played the mixtape again from the beginning, listening to it and letting the music settle him into his bones, the way his small stint as a demon hadn't.
"I have virtually no grace left, I can pass through a smaller opening and faster than any of you," Castiel explained to the angels who could hear him, although Gabriel gave him a look of exasperation. Archangels never explained their choices, they just were. "Besides, I am Gabriel's
because it was how he felt when he first came into the place: that he didn’t belong there. He placed
Jack tries to vanish and call it several times before Castiel is content that the boy has learned it. Castiel ruffles Jack’s hair and kisses his forehead.
Thankful that Jack hadn’t harmed the inner web, Castiel carefully extracts himself from Dean’s mind, not attempting to delve through thoughts where he isn’t invited.
Sam's eyes rounded, and Mary could see the moment Sam connected the fact that Dean had given the music to
Dean breathed in deep gulps of air to steady himself and crouched at one of the lower shelves that he'd haphazardly jostled to see its contents. "I just feel so damned useless here. I promised Cas I'd do
Gabriel's words rang a chord in Castiel. The Winchesters had been brought back to life several times, but the core of the matter is: someone had brought them back. There had always been a deal, a third party involved when they were resurrected.
Every day, Castiel woke up, tinkered with the software and hardware, shoveled the sweets that Gabriel provided into his mouth, then collapsed in his bed to sleep and then repeat the entire process the following day.
Dean nodded back, his hands clasped behind him. His father might not be captain of the
Castiel feels for the ceremonial circle shields, knowing that it is layered Sapphire. He could break through this, but he wouldn’t win against a full Coven of Queens. Even with Prince Winchester’s help, they might take down a few, but their numbers would force them in a prolonged fight. One that Castiel isn’t sure they could win, even with darker jewels.
"Wait," the Elder said, stopping him from leaving. But Dean already found out what he needed to know. It seemed like he was gonna be stuck on fall duty forever now, and he didn't know if he wanted to hear more bad news. "Mr. Winchester, despite the fact that the Spell cannot be reversed, there is another way. Heaven is locked only to the angels. They can probably be invited back in."
"Look at the way Bobby looks at Karen when no one is looking." Gabriel showed Dean, beer lose in his fingers motioning towards the couple with a small tip of his head so that it didn't draw attention. It was like Bobby's gruff visage had softened, the look was fond, and something more, something that Dean had known existed but never really touched. "Then look at Cassie looking at
The last is a steep order. It's not like there's a physical mark that differentiates males untainted by Terreille's ways. “Is there some way to help with the uncorrupted part?”
“A meal, a ride. Possibly company,” Castiel echoed.
Castiel’s nerves are frayed, and a good deal of the males look at him with pity, understanding the weight that the ceremony carries for the father.
“Which doesn’t answer the question of who you’re learning Craft from.” Dean dusts off stray leaves from the boy and aligns the feathers that have gone awry. He straightens before saying, “I haven’t even seen you wear any Jewels.”
your secrets.”
And then her hand loosened. Joshua nodded to her before they left, and the door swung closed behind them.
Alastair’s eyes narrow. “Lady Lucian inquires if she could borrow the slave for entertainment.”
“What am I doing here, Cas?” Dean hadn’t taken a step back, and they were still kissing close. “Your boyfriend can’t be too thrilled that I’m alone here with you.”
But maybe he needed to explain it in a way that they could understand. That he had faith, and that faith was absolute. He had to believe that Dean would succeed at opening the Gates, had to believe that he would see Dean again, sooner rather than later. Because believing otherwise could break him. An angel was his faith. And Castiel had placed all of his faith in Dean. If he believed nothing else, then it was the fact that Dean Winchester could and would save him.
Dean brings up his fist to his mouth to silence the scream that wants to come out. Sam, sensing his distress, leaves the table to crowd against Dean. Trying to be brave for his brother, Dean attempts a half-hearted smile. He holds Sam and rocks them both in comfort.
What he had a head for was puzzles—they were his favorite, even as a child. He could just about remember the proud look on John’s face when he’d come up with the solution to some problem or other. That, of course, was before his dad got the business. After that, at the tender age of four, Dean could recognize the change in his father.
Dean hesitated before he accepted the proffered drink. "I've always known the last ingredient: Cas' grace."
Castiel paused, evaluated, then answered, “No, Dean. I assure you, I still do not defecate despite the vessel.”
There was a soft knock on his door, which turned out to be Sam and his big box of pizza along with a six pack of beer. Thankfully, Dean'd already hidden the pictures he'd been looking at by then, and the only evidence of his current mood was the speakers and the song.
because time travel and aliens, and just really his first book ever. But when he walked back, he was frustrated to find said book missing. Dean moves the books nearby to check if there were any volumes hidden behind but hangs his head in dismay.
Dean sighed. “Dude, drop it.”
She cupped his cheek and smiled at him. “Yes. You boys can be free of this place.”
. He listened to the song about a man who dodged a military draft with a heavy heart.
"Oh, old Mrs. Kelly's robbery! That's very… thorough of you." She put down her cup of tea and shrugged. "Everything is fine, really. We haven't had anyone acting suspicious that I know of."
Dean noticed the food on the table and marched towards it giddily.
. He just doesn’t
them. Dean would have sworn his heart skipped a beat when Sleipnir chose to stop in front of him by rearing, then folding the knees again for a swift mount. “Heya, girl, we going for a ride?”
On one occasion, Cas has Dean lie down in the gardens, his left arm extended in the air. Cas looks at it in assessment, instructing the hunter to extend his arm and resist the motion. He then taps around Dean's forearm to improve the shoulder's stability.
stories,
The Garden was larger than life, the center where all the heavens connected. It was sprawling and largely un-navigated, because the humans had not been allowed entry since they were cast out of its gates, in the beginning of time. When Anna fell, someone else had taken the flaming sword's mantle and kept watch. Until the Scribe flung its caretakers out of Heaven, its gate had been guarded vigilantly.
But Dean never really outgrew taking care of Sam.
What’s worse, he started noticing the holos he passed by giving a small ping before flaring red. It only returned to its neutral sky once he was within another holo’s range. Dean took out his invitation suspiciously from his pocket and was about to chuck it in the opposite direction when a hand clamped on his shoulder, and its owner said, “You came! Wonderful. I suppose you’re Dean Winchester?”
That's how he found himself needing to make that particular tape.
Extended author's notes is available [
“They chain your father here?” Dean asks, confused. “And your mother allows that?”
. And I totally missed an opportunity when I found out that in the US, you’re required to get a doctor’s prescription to buy contact lenses. (You don’t need those in most parts of the world)
"So the children are your fountain of youth?"
“I—It’s not...”
“I, Lucian, District Queen of Bragana under Mount Ararat, deny the paternity of this slave for my child, Jacob of Bragana.” Shields of the ceremonial circle snap up. “Several of my sister’s Angelus’ slaves serviced me when he was sired. Jack’s white plumage could be any of theirs, making him unlikely to be this dark one’s child.”
“Why?”
The English Translation of:
Dean closes his eyes, then shakes his head. He climbs off Castiel and lays down beside him. Dean took Castiel’s hand. “They should. You’re a person, Cas. No less than they are.”
“A golden horse while wearing a golden cloak, really?” Dean asked as he eyed Gabriel who to him, looked like he was going to be unseated by paying attention to Dean’s ride.
Gadreel was patience, and he'd been stuck in the second circle as a prisoner for thousands of years without anything to think of but getting out and fighting. Castiel, in contrast, had been in plenty of wars since the beginning of Original Sin. Gadreel had a longer reach, but maybe Castiel could win on speed and skill alone.
Castiel was abruptly reminded that he would not see this man beyond this trip. That once they reached California, they’d part ways. Dean off to Palo Alto, and Castiel with his brother in Los Angeles. He suddenly couldn’t bear the thought that their time would end without acknowledging this potential.
Being held captive in Heaven was different from being held captive in Hell. Hell at least had been consistent in its torture. When Dean had nightmares about Hell, they contained the torture chambers and not much else. His last ten years had deemed him worthy of being left alone in the ninth circle, but he had never ventured out of the first ring of the ninth circle (it probably should have been called Alastair's personal encampment, but no one dared nicknames in Hell).
Sam grunts in agreement before they stop at a verdant and wild sunflower field. Castiel lifts his face to the heavens, like the flowers receiving light. In a few seconds, the first blush of the sun peeks out from the horizon. It is a burnished red which spreads over the sky diffusing over the clouds with deep blues, purples, and pinks.
“Oh he did, did he?” Castiel asks as he bundles Jack up in his arms and then wraps him with his wings as he cradles his son back to their log.
"The Caretaker is a
John ordered sirloin and the beer on tap and secluded himself in the corner of the bar after their initial greetings. He hadn’t demanded an immediate talk, something that Dean was grateful for.
They were a deep, vivid green, speckled with hazel around his iris. Heterochromia was the word, Castiel believed. He fought the sudden urge to step closer and peered into those eyes to check if they were Stavan lenses.
Castiel burst through the axis mundi expecting to be cradling Dean Winchester but slowed down when he realized that he was alone once more. Castiel looked around as he tried to get his bearings. He was still remembering; he hadn't found the exit.
each other.
He couldn’t enter. The psychic scent of violence and hatred soaking in the walls hadn’t been erased by the witch fire. It shows the snippets of his mother’s struggle, of Prince Azazel pinning her on to the ceiling, slashing her abdomen, and then setting her on fire.
Resisting the urge to look for Castiel over the tree’s massive roots, Dean huddles. He knows that his brown coat is enough to camouflage him against the trees, but not against the white field. He listens for Castiel, but there’s only the rustling of the leaves, a few birds that haven’t gone into hiding, and the occasional scrabble of claws against the tree trunk.
They left Las Vegas before the crack of dawn. After thirty-four hours driving, five stops, eight nights, and immeasurable memories from Sioux Falls onwards, they arrived at Palo Alto.
“What are you doing, Dean?” his dad whispered, still careful with Sammy.
Charis had curled up into one of the lower branches of the Tree of Life, terrified, bright blue eyes locked onto Metatron, all the while making herself as small as possible. Whatever Dean thought of Charis, her terror in response to Metatron's appearance was more palpable than her reaction to Lucifer's presence.
Castiel tilts his head to the side. "I want you any way you'll allow me to remain by your side. In any capacity that you'll have me."
Dean hastily mounted his own horse, but before Dean could utter a protest they were at the lake house already and Sleipnir was bending his forelegs to give Dean better access to the ground. He would have argued with the horse that he grew up in Kansas and he at least knew how to mount and dismount properly, if not ride, but he doubted that Sleipnir was going to let him explain.
“Project the directions for the first bus stop onto the path.”
However, Metatron's beating still showed on Dean, as if the bruises were on a physical body. It made Dean ache everywhere. Metatron loomed over Dean when the hunter, due to sheer pain, had collapsed on the floor, Dean's eyesight blacking out for several seconds.
Just to be contrary Lucifer gave a shit-eating grin, leaned back on his chaise and repeated the word, “Brother.”
"You know I hate eating in my room," Kevin scolded as he broke the disposable chopsticks that Castiel had brought in half and took his share of the food.
Ash rolled his eyes and said, "A glorified map, that's all you need me for."
Castiel's eyes swept through the bar, the scantily clad women, the pool table, and finally Dean talking animatedly, as if Castiel was still seated on the table perusing the other people in the bar. "No, I am done. I can settle once I am truly dead."
If possible, Castiel’s eyes further shuttered. A waiter offered an attendee the wine selection. Castiel snagged one and took a sizeable swallow before he turned back. “Thank you for coming.”
But he wasn’t in the mood to play pretend with Lisa today, so he gravitated towards Baby. He’d been tinkering with her every weekend when he had the time, even though he didn't have the money to drive her anywhere.
3. In the Evening
Dean pulls his hand back and tries to sink into the unforgiving tree. He struggles to swallow beyond the lump of his throat, but it’s lodged firmly.
Dean, who’s come in from the corridor searching them out, starts a choking, hacking cough that interrupts Castiel’s scrutiny. “Uh, it’s a search engine, Cas.”
Dean ushered Castiel to the passenger seat. “Yeah, that. Come on, we’ll drive there now.”
They were both old hands at ship living.
“I chased your father across the Atlantic as soon as he left.” Her ears were an endearing shade of red.
he has been stubbornly refusing to meet him. “Boyfriend? I don’t… was there?”
"That doesn't mean he should take our children from us and eat us!" Dean protests.
"Besides, Shehaqim can run really, really fast if we need it to," the girl said reasonably. "We'll be finished before the commander flaps his wings."
Dean crawled up the steps, to the Throne, so near, yet so brutally far. Dean was severely broken, but he was not defeated. Dean heard Castiel's blade crash against his opponent was in the background of seventh heaven, thunder and lighting resounding in the otherwise eerily still silence of Aravoth.
It’s the first time a family name has been mentioned to Dean. No one has acknowledged the Blood title before either, even if Castiel’s caste is obvious to anyone who can detect psychic scents.
Not bothering to argue, Castiel goes towards the Coach, and Dean bundles the distraught nestling and runs.
Through Castiel's human eyes, this area of Heaven looked like the swirling swathe of the night sky, with low-lying clouds and bright burning stars. Heaven reacted to live souls differently than angels, and without grace, Castiel couldn't see past the three dimensions that his human senses told him about the surroundings, so he was a bit lost. Castiel tried to guess their location though, "So we're in Vilon then?"
Castiel is still. Michaela’s comments on the punishment don’t mean that it would go away.
"Cas, meet my hunter buddy, Benny. We've been best buds since they released us from the schoolroom."
Dean almost jumped out of his skin when he heard that because he wasn't expecting anyone by the door at all. He whirled around to find a girl, no younger than six but no older than nine, all dressed in white, sitting cross-legged on the rainbow walkway. She was looking up at him, head tilted to the side with impossibly wide blue eyes.
Castiel continued to work on the design for the lens in the coming weeks, although progress came in fits and starts. He’d set up shop in the garage attached to the house. Gabriel equipped it with everything he could possibly need from soldering irons to NovaBox uplinks. Gabriel had even acquired a precision zoomed scope on an articulating arm with pistons using steam to move its bulky weight.
The rainbow bridge quip to Cas hadn't been off the mark, at least. The entrance of seventh heaven had arches of rainbows for its welcome mat, and Aravoth itself was a realm of fire and water. Its entry landed him on top of a cliff that overlooked the thousands of bridges that crossed over myriads of rivers of light that flowed to surround glowing domes that showed falling snow, thunderclouds and other displays of nature until they finally converged underneath the Throne.
He was absorbed in the familiar tale before he noticed that he wasn’t alone in the wings anymore. Dean was standing on the rail, leaning towards the side, and contemplating the waters. The sun wasn’t over the horizon yet, but the sky was already lightening.
, whatever that was.
“Cas,
Dean worried about the flow of the mixtape when he brought it out after he'd been cured from being a demon. Usually, he took the songs, choose a theme and ordered the songs so that the transitions weren't too jarring from one melody to the next. But this particular one had been defiant and spontaneous, making it both easier to do and harder for the overall quality of the tape. He listened to it knowing that he only had two, at most three, songs left to record. Picking up the recorder when he was restless had been his habit for the past few years.
—Territory in Terreille. One of the last Territories standing against Dorothea SaDiablo, which she overwhelmed eventually. (see Events: Invisible RIng and Shalador's Queen)
"With this, I can actually help."
"Your definition of rom-com needs improvement," Lucifer admonished. Dean decided against flipping him off again, because that would just be one fuck you are too many and decided to tell Lucifer where he could shove it with thought-speak. Lucifer seemed vastly amused at the thought. "Much as I'd like to regale you with the entire movie that's
"There's stew enough for several days. Father won't need me for more than a day, two at best."
Not wasting time, Castiel strips perfunctorily, removing his belt and trousers, his face grimacing in pain when he accidentally brushes against his member. He was heaving and gasping. “I could try to bring all my strength to shatter it.”
"Hey, it's the year when the wolf takes. You shouldn't be out here alone," Dean advises.
Castiel waved his goodbye turning towards the ocean. The ship gently rolled through the calm waters under skies clear of clouds. The containers creaked with every swell, but it soon became background noise, like the occasional lap of the larger waves and the passing wind. After climbing down from the bridge wings to the deck, he surveyed the area.
"Ain't none of that here." Because if there were one thing Dean was going to use to describe the fourth heaven, he would have called it empty.
“Is that what they say?” Castiel asks, eyebrow raised as he slides into the warm space behind Dean. Dean nods minutely. Angels don’t sleep, they don’t dream, but they can share someone else’s. Castiel doesn’t ignore the invitation.
Stupefied, Castiel leaned away from her cloying perfume as he answered, “Sure. My full name is Castielablanca.”
eat at the watch’s profit margins. And if Castiel produced a wearable that was more ubiquitous than the lenses? An earpiece, or a dermal implant…? The possibilities were vast.
"Give me a—"
Balthazar doesn’t bother to stifle the laughter, and Dean is looking at both of them, knowing they are communicating silently. It is more rude than Castiel using his first name in the first place. *Oh, Cassie. You may tell the world that he’s
It has been the most manageable winter. Michaela is bound to return him to his duties as escort and pleasure slave after Winsol, and Dean himself has said that he has decided against staying in this court.
hieroglyphs
Before Lucifer could retort, Michael thundered, “Enough. Either you get along with each other today, on the day where all angels are revered, or not partake in the merriment.”
"There just haven't been enough live births to fill the beds," the nurse said, a little curt, and if Castiel could read this human right, then it seemed like she was also a little guarded. "I'm sorry, do you want to talk to my clinical manager or your wife's attending physician?"
“Because everyone was happy I left,” Gabriel pointed out. “Michael does not appreciate exploding pens in the office or salt for sugar in coffee during meetings. Look, we’ll talk more once you’re here. But for the love of God, hitching a ride with total strangers, Cassie? Really?”
). Finally, Dorothy in
"Yarrow is best harvested in summer when they are open, not during spring when they've just sprouted." The stranger's tone is surprisingly low and gruff for his stature.
“All right, so Sam, Dean, and Emmanuel,” Kevin nodded to each of them in turn, saving Castiel the need for awkward introductions later. “We usually have lifeboat and fire drills every Saturday, but since you guys are just with us for the Bermuda-to-New-York transit, we’ll keep to the essentials. It’s a mishmash of your standard commercial training courses condensed into a few hours.”
The protest is not only heard, but it reverberates through the trees, causing the snow-laden leaves to drop the heavy ice onto the ground.
VATECARA SALVLD Z BALIT Z BALIT SA TVLE
the malakhim they knew
When they reach the bunker, Sam disappears into the showers. Cas does not need to wash grime, nor does he sweat, but he follows Sam’s protocols and washes his hands before heading into the kitchen.
A slight twitch on Cas lips betrays his amusement, with Cas steadying them by moving his hands towards Dean's waist. "Yes, yes. But what did you want to do?"
Your Kindom descend instead of arrive
"I really do have to return. It's nearing the twentieth summer of the missing kids. If it's the same creature, they're going to try to take again this year," Dean tries to explain, half running after Castiel.
Hasn’t Castiel been seen around court? Dean recalls most of the past week and realizes that Castiel hasn’t left the rooms Michaela bequeathed Dean for the healing much. Since the room is more private than the barracks where they are usually housed, its sole slave has been out of sight.
The angel did have a point. It was a sad day in Heaven when Lucifer started making sense. "Yeah, sure, quick question. Abbadon and Crowley are holding elections on who's gonna be the next King of Hell, who're you gonna vote for?"
LEBANON, KANSAS 2016
Dean thought
Dean clasped the railing loosely, his gaze taking in the seascape. The quiet that settled came with a steady, comfortable rhythm that didn’t need anything else to fill it as both men continued to look out over the ocean. Dean glanced at his watch and sighed, raising an arm against the sun’s blinding light, when it finally broke free of the water.
“Mother thinks we should move you from the finance department to Senior VP of Software Engineering,” Michael offered.
—a witch who heals the mind; weaves the tangled webs of dreams and visions; is trained in illusions and poisons
Michael stepped back from the bars, without an archangel's grace so close to their prison’s bars, the lights holding them in didn’t flare as much and those gathered could actually see inside the Cage more fully. “It’s a feast for all angels, Lucifer, either take a seat and enjoy being force-fed merriment or leave and enjoy hearing the sounds of happiness while we battle.”
Dean paused in thought before he said, “I know you’re wanting to get to college, kid, so why all the pit stops?”
already decided that Dean was better off without him.
Silently, Dean unsheathes his weapon. The metal was given to him by his father, and he's wielded it since he was old enough to shift from wood to steel. The hilt is bone and a remnant of his time with the Hunters and their training. It is something of a coming of age with the Order to carve your own sword-hilt. The bone came from the first werewolf hunt he succeeded in, polished until the ridges were smooth. He depends on it now as he crouches low. Dean waits for an opportunity to ambush the witch, gripping the bone tightly, slowing his breath in anticipation.
Castiel was patient with Dean’s response, solidly at his back.
Castiel's lips are thin, annoyance shining through. Before Dean had spent time with Cas, the hunter would have called it anger, now he knows it is mortification at his mother's meddling, carefully concealed. "Mother, I can settle for companionship."
Dean eyed the pie more but turned around with mischief in his eyes. “Let’s find
The griffin is lying on his side, with its legs bent and the tail swaying back and forth. As soon as Dean approaches, its tail tenses and curls closer to itself, twitching minutely before resting still. Some feathers are littered around the creature and a few that are at its beak.
"Now… who's hungry?"
The green of the Prince’s eyes meets Castiel’s blue. They hold for a moment, for an eternity, before Dean looks away. “I’m going away after Winsol, Cas. I’m leaving after Jack’s Birthright Ceremony.”
useful in your pity binge right?"
So really, he doesn’t understand why Dean has taken an exception to forgetting to buy certain vegetables when he has perfectly good ones in his corner of the world.
the rest of the prophecy and just look at the stuff that fits."
SIOUX FALLS, SOUTH DAKOTA 1992
"Yes, yes. Mostly it was because mother keeps foisting me off to different
"You have to understand, Michael and Lucifer have never experienced death. They don't
"We already hold lands to the North!" Naomi protests. "It is not our fault your people
Dean rubbed his fingers against the bridge of his nose to ward off an impending headache. “Worse. He’s marrying me off like Grandpa Samuel and Grandpa Henry did with him and Mom. Look where that got them.”
"Wait," Castiel called out, before his chance to help Dean could pass. Nathaniel stopped before opening the double doors that led to the garrison's inner sanctum but did not turn around to face them again. "The Throne, its Caretaker. Would you know who it is?"
Castiel's mortal life ended as his angelic one began: as a bright light in the darkness, as a promise, a thought, while his humble niche in Shehaqim disintegrated for the lack of a mortal's dreams.
It had called nearby angels, bringing them en masse to stare in wonder at first the tree, then the Enochian and then the mere fact that they were feeling an archangel's grace.
Again Michael nodded, and Gabriel noticed that there was a long dinner table set near the Cage’s platform for five. He grinned. “Food. I missed human food!”
Dean wants to ask more about that, but the black in the periphery of his vision is winning. He barely has the strength to wrap them both in a warming spell before he falls face-first into the snow.
Dean flies from the attacker, hitting the ash tree with a loud thump. She clutches at her side glaring murder at him.
After a typical morning with Michaela, Castiel wants to soak in the baths. It would purge Michaela’s psychic scent from his feathers. Unfortunately, the baths at the slaves’ quarters are cramped. It is more like a glorified birdbath than the luxurious pools that are in the communal eyrie. It makes for very difficult preening.
"Kevin's still with you, huh? That's good." Kevin was at least one person that they'd managed to keep safe. Kevin and Cas were good together; they could define themselves apart from each other. They had none of the co-dependency that he and Sam shared, in any case. "That douchebag angel we forced out of Sam's body not making any more attempts at Kev's life?"
John wasn’t sure if the Sanctuary near Hayll would help them. It was firmly under the High Priestess’ thumb. So he’d brought her to Grayhaven, in Dena Nehele instead.
It would take Dean years to pay it back, especially if he were supporting Sam. He owed Castiel now, instead of the other way around, and it didn’t sit well with Dean. But Sam wouldn’t be able to focus if they were hungry at Stanford, so he was forced to accept the charity for the gift that it was.
- they are involved with those who struggle with their faith
yourself into the frigging floor."
"You want to know about the Spell," the Elder said as he sat down on one of the beds, eyeing both Dean and Ash speculatively, "and you want to know about Metatron."
Dean leaned against one of the many trees that lined the garden's path as he removed the letter from its envelope. He sighed as he started reading to himself,
Dean had then put each back together again easily. He was a genius.
"Huh, so what did you
Castiel focuses on his son and breathes deeply to step away from the edge that came with battling Alastair and Lucian. He takes a handful of kernels and pops them in his mouth, but he doesn’t taste them.
“A day’s drive is not really that far Stateside,” Gabriel commented. “I mean, these Americans drive two or three hours to get to work sometimes. The country is vast, so it’d be no trouble.”
this family and their narcissistic controlling behavior. They really did a number on you, didn’t they? You rode a ship, traveled across a different country, evaded Michael for two weeks. You coded Nova. She might not have been incorporated in the watch because you were too busy, and others had to do it for you, but she’s still
"As Nathaniel told you, that's mostly Gabriel's purview," Leilah answered. Castiel had forgotten that in a garrison, what one angel hears all the rest would have probably been aware of. There was not much want or need for privacy, and unless the higher choirs deemed something confidential, most knowledge was shared within a garrison's walls. "While I could have filled in for him, he still did most of the troubleshooting if something went wrong. And the closing of the Gates is definitely something that is absolutely outside my experience."
Mostly I dabble in canon, barring that I write fantasy. So though this is largely steampunk-ish, there was still a modern(??)-day element that I usually don’t write with. So thanks takai for giving me the challenge.
Ah. Well, it’s not as if Castiel saw his family. They lived in the same house but ate their meals separately. The Novak Manor was large enough that no one needed to do something as lowbrow as
Mary laughed, her belly full from the picnic they’d decimated. She was sprawled undignified on the blanket at the edge of the meadow, where the long grass was seeded with sunflowers. “You just wanted to show off the Web Coach.”
Once done, he finds an isolated corner of the store and browses through his pictures reading through the blurbs. True, he could have done this at home, but he liked getting a feel of the book and seeing the covers that were available in store. Finally, he decides on
Dean woke up between the wall and Castiel, pleasantly flush against the other man’s ass.
. Even if he didn't trust how Cas got out of Purgatory, getting him back was enough of a win to put the song in. Besides he wasn't going to make the same mistakes that he had before. Once he got Cas alone, they were definitely going to hash out what happened after Purgatory.
"Did you not wonder why the Silver Ash is named a covert and not a thicket nor a forest?" The man raises an eyebrow which causes Dean to focus on the stranger's eyes. They're still the deep blue he remembers from when they met at the field of yarrow, but they appear wearier. The man continues, "The Eyrie has been here even before your ancestors settled into the lands and wrestled it back from the forest nymphs."
“That’s not what I said.” Castiel argues. On the one hand, he really wants to go with Dean to the store since there is no risk to them or anyone by shopping regardless of the public health concern. There’s only so much time you can spend in the bunker without going a little bit crazy, even if the bunker’s space is very forgiving.
Broad and blond, he comported himself as a military man—precisely the kind Castiel was usually attracted to but never had the courage to engage.
But victory tasted like the ashes of a different set of dreams.
Dean shuts him up by leaning forward and kissing him.
Michaela tapped Castiel’s throat, prompting him to swallow. Castiel choked down the gloopy consistency. Then he licked Balthazar clean with his tongue, under Michaela’s watchful eye. She even pointed out the areas still glistening with spend, especially around the ring.
That made the entire scene more disturbing because that means that
“I can’t believe you never corrected this. What’s this crap, why is your name misspelled?” Dean thunders, pointing wildly at the screen.
Castiel fashions a makeshift sling. It would help with carrying the Prince’s dead weight. Jack hovers beside him as Castiel flies Dean towards the eyrie. Raphael meets him at the gates. Although the shielding around the communal eyrie shouldn’t give Castiel any trouble, he waits until he is given entrance. He didn’t think he could break through the double Sapphire shields without wasting much-needed strength and time.
Kevin gave a rundown of basic nautical terms—something Castiel was sure was more for him than the two new crew members. For the next few hours, they were taught about rudimentary navigation, as well as emergency drills. Lots and lots of drills. Castiel thought all the exercises were overwhelming.
So here he was standing in front of the bookshelf list in front of him, but still indecisive. He opted then to check out which books were available in the store first, so he glances at the titles and searches for Vonnegut’s work. The store was pretty large, so he found most of what he wanted. To help him with his choices, he picks one of the books up and snaps a picture of the little blurb at the back. He picks up
"That was before questions of the Caretaker were brought to my attention, Gabriel, and only an archangel can answer these questions."
“Hello, darling, happy birthday,” came Balthazar’s flirty tones through the NovaWatch. Balthazar made advances on everything that moved; Castiel took no offense. “Did you enjoy the scrumptious little present I sent you in the mail?”
"Gabriel, I would really appreciate it if you would stop interrupting me from ignoring you," Castiel requested.
The man offered his arm for Dean to clasp at the elbow, and Dean grinned at the Stavan way of greeting. He was happy to have something that reminded him of home.
Castiel smiled, despite the cough and his wet lungs. Of course. How could he have forgotten? It seemed like a lifetime ago. It
Right. “Cas… tiel.” Dean belatedly reminded himself that he probably shouldn’t use the nickname anymore.
for something more than your food because we pay our workers enough!” Castiel growled, shaking the fistful of cash in the air. Dean carefully took the money and gave it to Sam.
Ash had taken the former angel as near to the Cage as he could before Castiel had decided that he didn't want Ash to be subjected to Lucifer's presence. It was a worry that Cas should not have bothered with in the first place because Lightbringer had not even been present.
“Jack! How long have you been passing through solid objects? Who in the name of Darkness is your Craft teacher?”
before something like this happened.
Castiel tried looked stern. There were only a few ways he could explain it, and Heaven, to Cas, seemed more like the other side of the globe than an unattainable third dimension. "As I was saying—This brother of mine got a visa to the United States. I'm left on the other side of the world. I'm too isolated for cell phones, too provincial for letters, and I have no money to get a plane ticket to visit my brother. But he promises me before he leaves that one day he'll get me a ticket and a visa to come to visit him. How can I say that it'll never happen, and mourn for him, when he just promised me we would see each other again? It would feel like I don't trust him."
The Warlord Prince of Dhemlan, Saetan SaDiablo, is someone that he wants to avoid at all costs. Prince SaDiablo, a Guardian, a Black-Jeweled Warlord Prince, and the High Lord of Hell inspires more terror than coming home empty-handed.
"You want us to put rocks in the witch's deep fried belly and sink her into the river?" Dean is incredulous. He points to the stone oven and at the large fires. "No one survives a deep roast."
"An ungodly amount of trouble," Castiel says absentmindedly, reiterating his previous statement.
He painstakingly waited for each song on the radio, pressing record when the DJ finally deigned to choose the song next on his list. Sometimes he cursed heatedly when the DJ
"Cas, seriously, after this? Major couch potato time. We'll call Sam," Kevin said sternly. Castiel and Kevin had told Sam about their field trip to Gabriel's tree earlier that day. Sam had wanted to drive out, but the prophet and the former angel had discouraged him since they were simply waiting. Sam could better spend his time back in Lebanon working on the life that he's attempting to build. "Let's bend Sam's arm backward and threaten him until he introduces Charlie and geek out on… I dunno,
"The angel tablet?" Cas asked, as one part of the treetop changed into an office with a desktop and a typewriter, filled with books. Dean got the feeling that it was another one of those quantum superpositions. This wasn't in the seventh heaven, but Castiel was bringing it up on the platform so Metatron could see.
. Getting forgotten in an empty prison for all eternity was not the way Dean had expected to spend his afterlife.
Dean’s mom is a Black Widow. His dad tells him she’s a kind of witch that has visions. A Black Widow doesn’t always tell you about what she sees. But sometimes, if he stayed close enough and stopped moving, his mom would forget he was there. She’d start muttering what she observed on the web and try to untangle them. As if whispering them when no one could hear would bring clarity.
Had Joshua been the font of wisdom when they had been in Heaven? Castiel didn't remember. Then again, Joshua was a virtue and one who had heard God's voice, and by nature, has always tried to be encouraging. It made Castiel pause and look at him in a different light.
"Hey, Cas," Dean muttered under his breath as he rooted around the library to come up with some reading. On some level, he knew that Cas probably couldn't hear his prayers anymore, but he was used to praying to the angel, and he wasn't about to stop just because he was dead… or because the angel couldn't hear him… or because the Gates of Heaven were shut tight.
Almost immediately, the smell of burned flesh affects them, which makes Dean gag. "I don't think I'm going to be able to eat roast pork anytime soon," Dean mutters, dry heaving over one of the pots.
Dean didn't think he'd be standing in front of Lucifer's Cage so soon. But there he was, facing the archangel again. Dean's ability to hit his head repeatedly against his own stupidity amazed even himself. Regardless of the Cage's bars between them, it was disconcerting.
"You crack me up sometimes," Dean muttered as he rechecked his wrist, the bite marks already fading. "I
Dean eyes the runt from his position but decides that the griffin has a point. The child is more of a priority than the witch.
A Warlord Prince is the highest Blood male castes, almost equal to a Queen, but at this moment, this Prince is vulnerable. The silence that enveloped them expanded, like a heavy weight in the room.
, but yeah, it isn't happening now, and that's what matters to you right? That your world isn't ending now? It's that Winchester influence in you. Besides, all of humanity's existence as we know it would have stopped and Earth would've reflected Heaven if the Apocalypse had progressed to its finale. Don't belittle what you did: free will, your choices, it still amounts to something. That battle at Stull, it was worth something."
EDIT: I recently saw this picture in tumblr:
Then it suddenly stopped, and all the ingredients fizzled down, evaporated until not a trace of the grace was left.
Dean jumps up and laughs wildly. "I have a plan!"
“If you want to finish the prototype, stop nitpicking on the color of the lenses, and work on the functionality.  You’re wasting time on aesthetics when what you really need to do is get it working.” Gabriel brandished his tumbler, ice clinking against the glass and the amber liquor splashing against the sides, some of it escaping its confines to spill on Castiel. “It’s a distraction, and you know it.”
Lucifer grimaced in distaste. "I shall grant you my feather. It should be enough for whatever idiotic plan you've got."
part of the Darkness, where the inner webs are located. It is a representation of the mind and the power well that the Blood can access.
“We don’t need the deal to stay afloat. I just want what I...”
"Okay, that's a bit more doable."
Dean didn’t ask what that decision cost the business.
Good Lord, the last time the vice president of their shipping line sent Castiel anything he’d had to fumigate his room for days. The stench of sex and drugs had seeped everywhere, and he hadn’t even partaken.
The man laughs, and Dean glares at him because there is nothing remotely funny about eating children. The stranger attempts to speak several times before he dissolves into laughter. Once it finally peters out, he shakes his head.
Castiel arrived home to a frantic Kevin and a worried Sam. Castiel eyed both of them wearily, and Kevin ran up to him and gave him a small punch to the arm. "Don't do that! You have a
life, for that never-ending happiness—and the most Heaven could offer was an illusion.
Dean can only gawk at the impossibility. Cas grimaces when he looks at Dean.
While they’re all waiting for the pizza to bake in the massive bunker oven, they wipe down surfaces and put away the ingredients. Somehow, what was supposed to be clean up turns into a huge food fight. Castiel doesn’t understand how it began, but they’ve all taken corners in the kitchen to get out of the projectiles’s way. Dean throws a bit of flour towards Sam, and he retaliates by throwing a handful of baking powder back. By the time the oven timer interrupts them, they’re all covered in flour and grinning like madmen.
“Ohio imposes a 5.8 sales tax on goods,” the man explained, waiting patiently.
"Hello, Dean."
audience by a child.
John closes his eyes and relents, not knowing that it would change their lives forever.
"Look at you making friends while you're away from home," Sam teases when he notes the banter.
“I need to go, Gabriel. Dean and Sam will be looking for me.”
Castiel ran his fingers over the words of what Dean referred to as
The girl stepped forward and tugged on Castiel's hand, bringing his attention to her instead of Gabriel's hysterics. "Cas—siel?" she inferred his name from their conversation, adding the standard Hebrew word
Since the Fall and the Closing of the Gates there had been enough attempts at that to know that the Spell was quite irreversible; he didn't need anyone telling him that. Nevertheless, it would have been nice for Dean to tell him that he'd known that for a while. But then, Dean had probably tried to protect his feelings.
"Enough! I won't tolerate you insulting him." Dean's eyes widen at the statement. Cas does plenty of insulting daily. It is a good thing that Dean's ego is what it is, or he will get a complex. "Why are you here, Gabriel? I doubt it's because of the cloak."
Dean can almost hear the words Naomi omitted.
"Anything, Mrs. Henderson, anything at all. It could have happened within this last month, someone following you, or anything that does not feel right," Castiel prompted, "A lot of the victims of robberies don't know it, but they're actually being observed carefully from afar, even for months to get to know their habits."
Mary smiles patiently and reminds him, “Practice the weave for precision and finesse. You need control for that. When you’re in danger, a blast from all the reserves of your Green is still a bludgeon. It will incapacitate anyone lighter than a Green.”
Castiel drops out of the sky like an avenging demon-dead. He corners Dean against the gigantic oak, pushing him against the rough bark. “There you are.”
"Harvesting for your medicine chest?" Dean asks conversationally.
He envied Dean and his ability to make a new life for himself. He’d broken his engagement with
The vice clamped shut and squeezed slowly. This couldn’t be happening.
Dean woke up slowly, curling into himself and trying to search for heat, being sadly disappointed at the lack of it. He squinted at the other half of the bed, his hand moving across the cold side, wondering where Cas had gone.
A smack on the back of his head had Dean swiveling on his seat and glaring at Jo, who had just arrived and probably listened in on the tail end of the conversation. "Dean Winchester, only you could bring a pity party to Heaven."
“I’m not…” Castiel trails off his frown deepening as he tries to parse Dean’s intent. He shifts his weight before pointing out, “Jack’s not a baby.”
“Do you know what my mother said when I was younger and whacked a table with a wooden sword? ‘No, child! Never hit the antiques. If you really want to practice your sword fighting on something
Dean grinned and led him to the brow, a white, metal staircase that was rigged fore and aft and swung outward by several winches and motors. He spotted Benny at the top of the ladder, waving his hat, waiting for them to climb.
because of Polaris.”
Alfie is a full-grown male, but Dean knows the Eryien just barely left boyhood. And a little in love with Castiel, as well, Dean notices. Even if this court does not fit Alfie, he’d want to stay if only for Cas. “He did what he thought was right.”
There's a
Dean sighs and moves on to his next pick, only to realize that
Dean sends a silent thank you to Castiel for teaching him the word "zacar" and sends another thank you to the annoyance that is his magic. It didn't bring him to the pyre which he thought of when he started the spell. It brought him to the reason the village lit the fires in the first place.
“I wanted to see the fireworks,” Sam said morosely but followed along.
At the time, Castiel hadn't known why Dean found the situation funny. Now though, Castiel could see how his being awkward and unschooled in the ways of men had brought comic relief to the dire situation.
“Mom and Dad are coming tomorrow, fresh from their umpteenth honeymoon. You have a night free to yourself. You should go out and see the sights. Plus, this mixes business with pleasure, so it’s right up your alley.”
, I recently read a great DCBB 2018 that has some similar themes (note the difference that it's more post S13/S14 centered) and the style was reminiscent of this one (but
With Castiel’s steady gaze Dean tasted the junction of his thigh, inhaling the spice and salt there that was all Cas’. He would lose this—lose Cas—when they arrived in California, so Dean would give himself now, while they had the chance, and hope he wouldn’t be absolutely crushed when they parted.
“Fewer chances for him to hit pedestrians too,” Sam quipped, earning himself a cuff from Dean.
Dean was sure that Cas loved watching TV, maybe it was a remnant when angels observed humanity, and the TV was in a way, watching humanity in a different form. Netflix seemed like the next best option. "We're gonna binge watch all the Doctor Sexy that you missed."
Bobby paused from taking a swig off the beer bottle. "Always knew that angel was in love."
Charles later concentrated on buying other businesses and companies to build his conglomerate. He then handed the shipping business to his wife to manage, and she had brought her youngest son along. This port was one of Castiel’s old playgrounds and why its familiar odors and sounds calmed him somewhat.
Dean regards Castiel under his eyelashes, suddenly serious. His hand lingers on Castiel’s shoulder, and Castiel feels the pads of Dean’s fingers acutely. “Think you could stop moving for an hour?”
Dean's life in Cicero was as normal as it was going to be given that he was a hunter and was easily spooked. He had billiards nights with the neighbors, occasional beer nights at the bar, legitimate work at a construction company and a son in Ben, who was turning out great. He even had yard work.
“Hundreds of years,” Jack answers with a shrug.
Michaela rubbed her lip, ah Castiel. Lucian’s favorite pet and Michaela’s pleasure slave. She found Castiel when he was a hundred, still a boy in their long-lifespans, from the Eyrien hunting camps. Stolen from the Angelus tribes farther North.
Dean honestly didn't know which of the two he'd like to face now. He was spared the choice when Cas came in without waiting for an acknowledgment of his knock.
did not talk like a regular child. She giggled though when she noticed where his thoughts were taking him. "My memories are young. I only recall the last decade or so, but I am sure I have existed far longer than your own lifespan."
“I cannot even… Dean there’s a shower, god forbid you learn how to soap your ass. You don’t even have enough friggin isopropyl alcohol, hand sanitizer, or Lysol!”
When Castiel finally finds Jack deep into the woodlands, Castiel doesn’t understand what he’s seeing. There is a slick drip of sanguine fluid unchecked around them that smells strongly of iron. He inhales and notes a humid quality to the air that usually isn’t present in the Mountains. Jack is clinging to Prince Dean’s lapel in an inner circle that is untouched by the congealed mess. Castiel almost slips on it when he lands.
The short dirt track brought them to an older-looking house attached to a garage to its left and straggling rows upon rows of broken-cars, their hoods gaping open, engines emptied, parts scattered all around the yard.
Metatron's eyes steeled. "You are in no position to judge me, Dean Winchester. I sat on the Throne of Judgment before God left this realm to write the Winchester Gospels. Today I have judged you, and regrettably, I must inform you that you have been found wanting." With that, Metatron put his hands on Charis's shoulders and left Dean alone in his cell.
John looks at the tangled web that Mary has beside the rocking chair before returning Mary’s hug. “We have a life here, a good Queen to serve. The Third Circle isn’t bad, either.”
The bells have long since stopped, but the mage-fire remain, both as a beacon and as a searchlight for their resident "wolf." The light will burn intensely for a few hours before dwindling to less potent levels as the magic wears out. Which means that Dean should catch the witch before the spell runs its course.
"Just a once-over?" Gabriel pleads, arm extended, already entranced by the cloak and whatever spells are imbued in it he can sense.
May he rest in peace. Amen.
Dean has been training as a hunter and knows a couple of spells besides that. He knows stealth, but somehow, he must have tipped the stranger off. One moment the man is admiring the flowers, the next he is standing rigidly, on guard, looking at Dean.
Gabriel had given him that piece of information before the archangel declared that they were through for the day and left Castiel alone to contemplate his thoughts, which is what Gabriel had probably planned in the first place.
If he isn’t busy trying to find Jack, Castiel would applaud Raphael’s strict command of the eyrie in lockdown. He flies towards the slave quarters, empty now, where things have been left in haste. Castiel swaps the robe he’d put on when he left Lucian with a more sensible breeches and shirt and sets out to widen his search to include the surrounding forest. He follows the faint psychic scent, and uses both spear thread along with Craft, calling out to Jack.
But he has to consider Jack, who looks like he’s never seen a Jhinka up close. The trauma alone of the killing will haunt the child for weeks after this.
“I am,” Sam answered as he straightened from his slouch, pushing back his shoulders.
Dean turned the corner and saw Manny leaning against the hood, arms crossed, and focused on the ground. Dean had a stray thought of how he looked good under the light.
when the angels sung this Song
Castiel, finally breaking through the crowd approached, fist to heart in salute like the good soldier he was, before Michael nodded in his direction. “May we start?”
“Thanks for letting us use the Chevrolet,” Dean said as he chewed. “How should we get her back to you once we reach California?”
Dean flops onto his back, mindful of his shoulder. He doesn't think he can move. At least, Dean believes the beast was trying to make a point. It's difficult to interpret barbed looks when massive birds give them.
, when I went into hiding from the crazy older brother who
The rest of their orders arrived with drinks, and the brothers proceeded to plan while they ate. Dean was a messy eater, and more than once, Castiel was tempted to brush away the crumbs that stuck to his lips, but he refrained.
treasury?" In all of the confusion, Castiel realized that they had just been asking Gabriel about how the
“Ah huh.” So it was some sort of traditional angel thing? Maybe a coming-of-age type ritual or something. But that was ridiculous; Cas was probably old enough of an angel to be called an adult already. “Stop chanting over my pie. It’s weird, Cas.”
Another woman joined him at the viewing hall, peering in as the baby was bathed and clothed before being deposited to her crib. The nurse had wrongly assumed that he was an eager relative and had brought the baby over for a viewing. The woman beside him clenched her hands at her sides her forehead pressed against the glass. The nurse gave the woman a small nod of acknowledgment, as if she was a regular at the viewing deck before she put the baby down in her warmer.
In a move that Dean had only seen Gabriel do, Michael raised his fingers to snap. It effectively sent Lucifer away. "I will not be able to hold my brother long." Gone was the permissive brother; in his place was the harsh general that led the troops of Heaven. "The Caretaker of the Throne can always open the Gates of Heaven, once in his place. The Throne is in Aravoth—"
Osric Chau (Kevin Tran’s actor XD) is actually Chinese-Malaysian, but he recently did a movie in the Philippines
Crumpling the sheet without bothering to read the rest of it, he placed the memories of Castiel under a wall and boarded it up. If he didn’t think about it, it didn’t exist. If it didn’t exist, he wouldn’t be hurt by it.
A shaky smile starts at the corner of Dean's lips at the words. Despite living with each other for the short amount of time of his recuperation, because of the mage's sarcasm, Dean didn't realize that Cas cared. Not beyond Dean's physical wellbeing or getting him back to Chesterford after the injury forced the hunter on him.
Bobby sighed before inclining his head towards the stairs. “You know the drill boys. Go on. Your dad said he’ll try to be back before supper tomorrow.”
Metatron swallowed his laughter, walking forward in a slow stride. Dean couldn't call it stalking, because Metatron wouldn't know a proper stalk if it bit him in the ass. "Just because you stopped the Apocalypse, it seems you've been a little too aware of your self-importance, haven't you, Winchester?" Metatron chided Dean, sneering all the way. "You think, just because you've been resurrected a few times, that
1. Dominions
Castiel texting Dean eggplant and peach emoji (🍆🍑) was inspired by anyrei’s
After Castiel visited Michael, there was a brief moment where Castiel just didn't know what to do. He had seen to the souls and only needed to report back to Gabriel about Michael's answers. Castiel had also seen to the prophecy, but since Dean didn't seem to be listening to his prayers, it was highly unlikely that Dean would be able to piece the prophecy together right away.
Dean had found the hood among the things locked up in grandpa Henry's chest. The old runes had "
Dean needed to say something,
"I thought I'd have to look for a replacement for dear old Hansel," Katja grins pointing her knife at Benny, who glares at the witch. "I'd never dreamed you'd be stupid enough to come of your own volition."
& a closer look at
“We’ve been stuck here for
Castiel’s eyes widened. That he had not expected at all. He turned towards Luke, who was now baring his teeth in amusement.
Outside his rooms, Balthazar heard the smack of flesh against flesh, and later he would learn that Hannah slapped Castiel. Balthazar hadn’t cared about anything other than his need.
Dad reached carefully across to the radio beside the shoebox, switching from cassette to FM. The strain of
“I don’t even know your name!” Castiel protested.
Jack furrows his brows in concentration. He starts with the Aquarian star, followed by the various Latin scriptures required for the trap. Because Jack appears fully grown, it’s very easy to forget that he’s just two. He needs training and practice with his spell crafting.
Raphael has the pinched look of someone who’d swallowed bitterroot. But he looks towards Prince Winchester with grudging respect. Anyone who takes down Jhinka single-handedly deserves it. The matter of Castiel needing proper discipline hangs in the air. Raphael is relieved of his decision when Lady Michaela approaches them from the communal eyrie.
There's a burst of silvery light from her hex bag, blinding Dean in its intensity, the strong smell of flowers permeating the area. Before he can blink out the white spots from his eyes, the air around them whirls with a sudden force, disturbing the foliage and scattering the dense underbrush into the wind. The sound of flapping wings is deafening, drowning out any chant that the witch is heaping at Dean.
Ash grinned as he shook his head. "Sorry, man, it's just that you baptizing people to get reincarnated needs some solemnizing words."
Dean stands up to ground himself while holding Jack’s shoulder. The Warlord Prince descends slowly into the Darkness, going through the psychic abyss as his inner web meets him.
Sam rolled his eyes. They’d been neck-deep in preparations for months. But Sam and Jess decided to hold the ceremony in Jessica’s hometown of Los Angeles, where they’d arrived just yesterday. Dean had been crashing on the couch ever since.
There was a big, widescreen TV in front of them—it looked like they were about to watch football. Every individual heaven had a way to look into those that you've left behind. Mostly, it was TV, but Ash says heavens occupied by souls present before the age of electricity have things like whirlpools and see through mirrors. It was all very
“What?” His brother snarled as he opened the door on the third knock with an epic bitchface. But before Dean could answer, Sam must have seen something on Dean’s expression because his face morphed into one of caution. “Hey, uh, so where’s Cas?”
Castiel gave a noncommittal sign, waiting to see if Dean would continue with his tale or not. He was supportive, without pressuring Dean to speak if he didn't want to. The silence stretched until Dean cleared his throat, the first to be uncomfortable in the silence. "Is she okay?"
Cas looked up from the kneeling position, his litany broken halfway through. Blue eyes were staring out from a wash of blood that was his face, caused by a crown of thorns. "Dean?" It was small, incredulous, and said in soft hope. What had he done to deserve faith like that?
"Yes, and since you are what you are, it would be terribly remiss of me if I didn't polish your knowledge," Castiel retorts.
"Naomi? Joshua? Castiel?" Michael clarified because apparently, they had names other than angels and archangels and cupids.
Castiel ignores whatever moment that passed between them when they shared the magic, which is fine with Dean. Not talking about important things is something in which Dean has practice.
In another walk through the perimeter, Dean finds a discreet walled-off alcove. At the center of the semi-circular section is a statue of an angel. Around its base, several flowering plants are blooming red despite the season. The garden has an unsettling feel to it, unwelcoming even if it’s picturesque. It hasn’t been cleaned since the last snowfall, although there are footprints on the ground.
Dean closed his eyes. He had not wanted to hear that. "I'm going to the Cage again, aren't I?"
way I'm bearing my neck to you, so you can just kiss that thought good-bye."
Hannah reaches out to touch one of the lower feathers in his scapulars, below his arm’s reach, but he pulls away in time. “You’ll get a whipping, and I’ll get double. It’s not worth it. Those are for Lucian.”
Alfie shrugs. “What other place is there?”
“You might be interested in other news. There are some Princes from a different court visiting along with Lucian,” Castiel informs them. “It’s why Lucian is coming, actually.”
“But since he is chief of all angels, it became a feast for all angels,” Castiel interjected.
Taking Dean’s curiosity as consent, Sam’s excitement increased.
Stunned, John is silent before Mary elbows him. "Unacceptable. We need the grimoire to defend ourselves from the elves, should they attack. Your help when we hunt, and we give you a part of our lands to the North."
However the angel mythos was dug up from
“You forget Nova records all data, despite a lack of connection,” Lucifer tutted. “As soon as you reconnected to a neural GRACE Network, Nova uploaded everything. You used Gabriel’s lines when you arrived in LA, I assume. Those are inherently connected to GRACE. Nova
Reading prayers from those that he left made Dean feel impotent. Heaven was nice and wonderful up to the point that you realized that while he was lounging around here, there was a fight down
Drawing back suddenly, Castiel holds Dean’s hips as the man tries to chase the feeling, gasping on the bed. Castiel grins, knowing that he will leave bruises. “You,
John hides a smile beneath the basket when he raises it and lifts the cheesecloth covering his wife’s offering. “Freshly baked this morning. I’ll have to send it over to Mr. Turner over at the—”
When Castiel steps towards the shields, agonizing pain radiates from the Ring of Obedience. He drops to his knees, curling around himself. One hand is clawing at his thigh to distract himself from the torment and the other clutching at his groin.
Dean blinked a couple of times while scrambling down. “Are you crazy? I don't think Gabriel is going to be bribed by pie! Put 'em back!”
" The tree started to glow with Gabriel's grace as soon as the first words were uttered. Castiel, through Gabriel, weaved the tree and the Tree of Life together, his words twinning them and bringing them closer. Gabriel raised an eyebrow at the words Castiel chose for the spell. "
Dean had something tucked under his arm underneath his leather jacket and jerked his head towards the parking lot. “Let’s skedaddle.”
It was just one reason why Metatron's plan to completely kick everyone out had been such a douchebag move. He made it so there was no one to call for help except what could pass for elders in this place. Even then, even though hunters were a close-knit community on Earth, Heaven was made to be isolated.
Dean lost himself, rocking into Castiel as a reminder he was present
The man shrugged, addressed Dean and Sam’s purchases before they were on their way to some remote field, preferably in a state that was more fireworks friendly.
“And what do your parents say about all these explorations?” Dean asks wearily as he tugs Jack in the direction of the communal eyrie. The amount of time Jack doesn’t have a governess is surprising.
Maybe because of the green room, Dean had expected something more opulent from Michael, but the Archistrategos' home had a single room washed with white, and a low bed. In the center of the house was a small garden, where a small personal altar was located.
, he recorded that next. Sam rejoined them; life went on.
Dean's attention was brought back to driving by the sharp turn he was forced to make on the road. It was really difficult to get lost in Heaven, as all paths led to the Garden, and the nature of Heaven helped you along as well. You were only as far as you wanted to be.
It was a depressing way to look at it, but when was the hunting life ever not bleak?
It didn't exactly make for easy pickings. In Dean's absence, Ash and some of the other hunters managed to find some obscure books on the Circles of Heaven through what they thought of as old angel outposts. Ash had helpfully translated one of the books (which Dean now called
Katja is around Dean's age, but they do not see each other often. She grew up to become solitary. Dean tries to speak to her about what she remembered from the attack from her youth, but she was still learning the local language back then. Later on, she refused, saying she retained no memories before her rescue.
And certainly not over a not-really-fiancé they’d jilted before they even met. “Excuse me,” Castiel had wanted to say. Except it only came out as a pained whine which ended on a soft exhale.
And that entire sentence means that: Sam knew all along what this entire thing was about! Sam had known and didn’t warn Dean. Where was the brotherly concern? Any further realizations at this point were delayed by them approaching the Cage, its electric blue light already up and surrounding it, making the star inside the bars flare out.
- contains the Temple and the Altar
Sam groans when he washes his hands, combing his fingers through his hair. “There’s a meat shortage in America right now.”
series was lodged on the first floor, separate from all her favorite books, but still near enough for it to be something that she treasured. "I never thought I'd meet you."
Sam sidles close to Castiel as they watch Dean and Jack horse around. “Hey, you all right?”
It was to the Elder's credit that he did not lose patience. "Lucifer's Cage is a construct of Heaven. It exists in all realities, in all planes and is a quantum superposition. The locks were broken in Hell, using the vessel of Heaven, and finalized on Earth."
“No, I don’t need a female to service me!” Dean clarifies with a squawk.
Though the mage seems to practice Enochian spells exclusively, he is knowledgeable enough in Sam's brand of enchantments that they can talk about it extensively, ignoring Dean completely. It would have annoyed Dean, but he is pleased that Sam and Cas get along well.
Dean and Cas dancing, and Dean and Cas “massage” was inspired by
"Just to simplify things so all non-angels present can understand," Gabriel paused looking meaningfully at Kevin, "my grace fuels the flow between the treasury and the babies. It does all that work for me
"He'll come for me," Charis said.
“What are you saying?” Dean could feel the arrhythmic beating of his heart, letting the flood rush to his ears, almost drowning out his father’s words.
Gabriel raised an eyebrow. "No one's asking you to do anything. That child is going to be happy even with just your
Good thing, too. Dean’s rough voice over the speakers had been difficult enough. Castiel didn’t know what would have happened if Dean had subjected him to the full brunt of his disappointment.
He remembered being told, but he had forgotten to actually go and do it. It was one of those annoying quirks of humanity without having his grace other than eating and sleeping and taking showers. Pointless and forgettable until suddenly his friends were haggard and wondering where he was at – he checked his watch – nine in the evening and running themselves ragged looking for him.
