Greg’s family, on the other hand, was very close. He was an only child but had lots of cousins, so he had never suffered the travails of a lonely childhood. Mycroft envied that sometimes. Moreover, coming out to his parents had hardly been necessary. His mum was bi, so they had accepted him readily. That was the story that Greg had told him years ago. Now he knew more. Werewolf culture, just like selkie culture, wasn’t stuck in the heteronormative trap human ones tended to be in. Greg had never had to hide his desires from his family or fear their disdain.
“I wish I had met you so much sooner,” he said into John’s hair, rubbing his nose in it, inhaling the scent of John’s shampoo. “You’re worth the weight of every idiot I went to uni with in gold.”
They reached the sitting room and Greg flopped down on the sofa. Mycroft sat on an armchair to the side within easy view of him. Greg rubbed his hands on his trousers, a sigh of nervousness that made Mycroft brace himself.
“I know but….” John rubbed his forehead. “You did trust him to keep the secret before. He’s obviously as curious and tenacious as you and we’ve given him enough to go on. Do you think it’s likely that he’s just going to put this whole incident out of his mind and not try to figure out exactly how I could have saved your life?”
“As much as I would like to continue this amiable conversation, I really must be getting to the office.”
“We’ll take turns visiting each other on weekends, at least the ones when I’m not busy. It’s not ideal, but I can’t ask him to move. Two weeks is rather too early to request that, isn’t it?”
Greg was smiling, forcing cheer when he didn’t feel it. Mycroft didn’t need to look at him to confirm it. This tone of voce was always accompanied by that smile, designed to put people at ease. To comfort him after what he’d just done.
Sherlock nodded. Why was he still so goddamn shaky? This was John. There was nothing to fear from John.
Sherlock touched his right cheek, grinning at the warmth of John’s skin, indicating what he was about to do. John closed his eyes as Sherlock leaned in, letting him take the lead in the nuzzling. It was a struggle not to laugh at the silliness of rubbing his nose against John’s, but there was nothing infantile or ridiculous about this. His heart quickened as he pressed his cheek to John’s, John moving beside him, his five o’clock shadow rasping lightly against his own. He welcomed it, breath caught in his throat, growing shallow, but there was nothing to fear, no romantic or sexual signal for John to misconstrue. John wasn’t going to kiss him out of the blue, nor ask for sex or a date nor anything confusing. Though he was plenty confused by this. Sherlock had confirmed that this was a platonic display to him, yet he had never engaged in anything so warmly intimate, never been this vulnerable with anyone before. Mycroft didn’t count. Victor had never known him like this, not even in three years of friendship. Sherlock had only stopped thinking that there was something wrong with him after Victor left. And would Victor have even wanted to do this? He certainly seemed to have reserved this form of affection for his sexual partners.
“Twelve years,” Sherlock said, triumphant at having arrived at another correct deduction among the chaotic maelstrom of his thoughts. “You’ve been living as a human for at least twelve years.”
“Under the circumstances, it’s the latter. You certainly know how to throw me for a loop, don’t you? But it is unusual to see you latch onto someone like this. I had feared that it wouldn’t happen again. Mrs. Hudson is more of a mother figure. DI Lestrade is the closest you have had, and you can’t be bothered to learn his first name.”
Greg arrived a few minutes after eight. Sherlock had finished eating dinner with Mrs. Hudson about twenty minutes before and had returned upstairs right after to distract himself with the experiment that he had been conducting earlier. Said distraction failed utterly as he kept glancing at his watch and scowling as the minute hand barely crawled along. With a frustrated huff, he tore himself away from the microscope, grabbed his phone, and put on a podcast about a nineteenth century murder. He stretched out on the sofa, eyes closed, hands steepled to his chin, and tried his damnedest to focus on the details of the old case.
“John wouldn’t abandon you so easily,” Mycroft said. “When he gets here, you will simply explain. He will forgive you.”
John sucked in a low breath, hands still on Sherlock’s foot before grabbing a rolled up bandage from his kit. He had yet to look Sherlock in the eye.
“And can you stop doing that?” Sherlock said, waving his hand in the direction of Mycroft’s face. “I’m not going to be crushed by a nervous breakdown at any moment. John and I are doing great. The distance shouldn’t be a big problem. It’s annoying, but we’ll deal with it. John can’t leave the ocean and I can’t leave London. This is the best compromise that we can do, so it will have to work. Besides, it’s only been three weeks, as you’re so keen on reminding me. I don’t care how little time it’s been. More time isn’t likely to chance my mind, but maybe it might seem little to him. I don’t know. Certainly too soon to ask him to move. We could go to Dover on the weekends, or whatever coast he’d like. He hardly gets a chance to swim during the week, anyway. But it might still be too much time away.”
“Since it doesn’t bother you for me to say it, I do have romantic feelings for you. If you also felt them for me—it’s totally okay that you don’t—but if you did, then my answer would be simple. I’d want to be with you as a couple. Monogamous. But you don’t want to be a couple, which is fine. I don’t want to impose anything on you.”
“But so what? That’s not a bad thing. Sure, I wish that he wasn’t so damned rude, but he’s very smart. Smartest person I’ve ever met. And he’s a good guy. He’s just not good with people, that’s all.”
“Sherlock, mate, it’s hard enough letting you in. You can’t just bring whoever you want with you just because he’s a doctor.”
“Honestly,” she said, “You two keep dancing around the subject. It’s endearing, but you can just come out and say it. I would have myself, but I wanted to make sure that you were on board, John. I know how important secrecy is in these matters.”
He went upstairs. Buzzing with glee, Sherlock leaned back on the sofa and steepled hands on his face, which broke into a wide smile of ardent anticipation. He’d been craving to see this again since yesterday, but there hadn’t been time to ask. Of course he wasn’t doubting his senses, but fear could warp and alter memories, and he needed to be absolutely certain of what he saw. Besides, how could he pass up the opportunity to behold such an amazing sight? He wasn’t afraid anymore.
“Just telling him that I’m not some shady, foreign agent certainly hasn’t been working so far.” John’s hands clenched at his sides, swinging tensely back and forth, head down, lips pursed. “I never planned for this. My documents weren’t designed to hold up to the scrutiny of British Intelligence and overprotective, older brothers.”
“How could I not?” A grin burst on John’s face and he stepped on his tiptoes to kiss Sherlock’s cheek. “Oh my god. I’m… I’m honored. I…”
“Oh,” he said, frowning in confusion at Sherlock’s sudden revelation, doubtlessly feeling wrong-footed by it. “Okay. Thanks for telling me. I mean, I’m glad that you feel comfortable enough with me to tell me that. I’m bi, so I’m queer myself. But you already knew that much.”
“Oh, shut up. Why the hell did our parents put it second if that’s what they were going to call me? Besides, William and Scott are so generic. That’s not the point. The point is Greg is coming over so I won’t be alone. So stop fussing.”
“I don’t know anymore. I didn’t think anything of it and you said not to change anything in the flat just for you, but Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson got into my head, and now I don’t know whether you’re going to freak out or not.”
Sherlock gaped at John’s shocking reply to his query about sea turtles for half a second before calling Mycroft, fury boiling inside him. Mycroft answered at the first ring, no doubt anticipating the call.
Yes, it was. At least John sounded suitably chastised about foisting this horrible truth on him, not that Sherlock would be letting him off the hook so easily.
“No, it isn’t. It may be the only possible one according to what you believe to be true, but you don’t know everything. Is your head still muddled now?”
And so they did, for a grand total of eight months. Whenever they had a chance, they dined and went back to Mycroft’s house, for Greg refused to “make you suffer my crappy flat” after seeing the comfortable surroundings Mycroft had built for himself. And the king size bed, which was very helpful to their nighttime activities. Sometimes they skipped dinner and went straight home to enjoy it. Mycroft had worried that Greg would tire of their casual situation quickly, but his enthusiasm, both in bed and out of it, confirmed quite the opposite. Mycroft had rarely been so enthralled by a lover before. Greg was generous, energetic, and imaginative, and was quite the enthusiastic cuddler, too. Mycroft didn’t often linger with his bedmates after the deed was done, but he found himself enjoying Greg’s gentle caresses and murmured sweet nothings as the thrill of his climax eased into a pleasant haze of contentment.
Sherlock was startled by the thick softness in his voice. He straightened, swallowing, barely daring to meet John’s fascinated eyes.
“Well, I liked it. I found it beautiful. And I got the impression that you were the innocent party in this altercation. For one thing, he was about to stab you in the chest.”
“You’ll be fine,” John said. “He might even find it a plus. He’s still asking me questions. I’ve learned that there’s no higher honor than being the subject of a Holmes’s curiosity.”
“I know it’s not. I understand. It is going to take time. But you’ve got to try, you know? That’s all any of us can do.”
Why did he look familiar? And why was he naked? What had just happened? Sherlock was hallucinating. He had to be. Seals didn’t just turn into men. That didn’t happen outside of silly fairy tales.
With one last squeeze of their shoulders, Sherlock grabbed his suitcase and climbed aboard the train. He couldn’t resist finding a window seat that faced the platform, even if only to watch John walk away back to the car park. He kept his eyes on the shrinking figure until John turned a corner around the ticket office and out of sight. With a sigh, Sherlock leaned back in his seat and pulled out his phone, texting Lestrade.
“Have you been planning this trip for a while or was it a sudden decision?” Mycroft asked, hoping it didn’t sound too much like an interrogation.
Sherlock pursed his lips, but didn’t bother protesting. He had already shot himself in the foot, and it was too late to get himself out of it. He extended a gracious arm toward Mrs. Hudson’s door with a wide grin of fake cheer on his face.
John nodded, his vocalization cheerful. He lied down at Sherlock’s right side, shutting his eyes for a kip. Sherlock watched him, his hand straying past the armrest, but he stopped short of touching John. He’d taken the liberty without asking last time. John hadn’t complained, but still.
“Mm. Me, too. Not having you physically present has been agonizing. I propose that we not leave this room until tomorrow.”
Sherlock’s eyes slid shut. Contentment washed over him, led by John’s warmth pressed along his body. This was even more enjoyable than he could possibly have imagined. He felt safe and peaceful in a way that he couldn’t describe, yet also overwhelmed by a heady sensation, almost as if he were high. But this was much better than any effect a narcotic could achieve. He was happy. Yes, that’s what this feeling was. Happiness. Solving a difficult case made him happy. Mrs. Hudson effusively complimenting his violin playing made him happy. Yet this was happiness of a different sort, a kind that he had never experienced before, and didn’t know how to quantify or analyze.
“Last night.” Sherlock tapped restlessly on his leg. “He had admitted to being attracted to me when we first met, for lack of a better word, but I made it clear that I wasn’t interested.”
John laughed. There was the charming smile that Sherlock had been yearning for. He stood up and rushed to him like he’d wanted to do before, and grasped his shoulders and the back of his neck, leaning down to nuzzle his face. John wrapped his arms around him and met him eagerly.
She leaned against the counter, waiting for the water to boil as Mycroft opened the cabinet the cups were in. As the guest, he wasn’t obligated to fetch them. His question had been experimental. Sherlock filched whatever he pleased from Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen, perfectly at home. Mycroft wouldn’t presume to do the same without asking, but this little gesture still placed him a bit beyond an acquaintance of necessity, which was how he had felt until now. The dinner had divested Mycroft of his doubts that Mrs. Hudson merely tolerated him for being Sherlock’s brother. Her support regarding Greg had been most welcome, and the environment had been comfortable and familiar, save for who sat at the head of the table. There had been no need to dissemble his personal life or fend off an attempt at matchmaking. Sherlock had been relaxed, even if he adopted a combative version of it. Yet he hadn’t been sullen or counting the seconds until he could leave and not have to come back for months. It had been a welcome respite from Mycroft’s usual disappointment with anything familial. Even now, despite Sherlock’s tiresome recklessness, there was a comfort in being able to be open up about his little brother with someone who cared for him but didn’t disapprove of his choice of profession.
“Not from me, either,” Greg said. “I would love to, too. I needed that. It’s been a while for me, too. I’ve been so busy lately. I’m glad we did this.” Greg looked at Sherlock, an earnestness in his eyes reminiscent of when he’d told Sherlock that he supported him wholeheartedly when he came out. Sherlock sat up, dropping John’s hand. It felt like a moment one should sit up for.
It was becoming increasingly difficult to keep the turmoil of emotions burning inside Mycroft off his face.
“That’s none of your business,” he said. His sharp terseness vanished a moment later, eyes softening again. “Well, I’m glad to see that you’re calmer now.” He offered his right hand. “If you’ll please let me help you to the chair?”
Finally, John returned to Sherlock, who hugged him tightly, nuzzling his face, never mind that everyone else was standing right there.
“By the way,” Sherlock said, smiling, eager to shift the subject in a less sorrowful direction. “Mrs. Hudson called you handsome.”
Feet came down the stairs. Sherlock hadn’t shut the door properly. Heavy tread, hurried. It was too distant and muffled for precise identification, but it sounded like Greg. Breath frozen in his throat, Sherlock took a step back, feeling like he’d just retreated from a precipice.
Mycroft made it only as far as the next evening before calling Greg about Sherlock’s visit. It had left him in a rather pitiable state of emotional exhaustion and tentative relief over the status of their fraternal relationship. Mycroft found himself unable to focus as keenly on his work as he would like. Even his assistant noticed, which was a truly deplorable state for him to be in. Yet, unlike his previous Sherlock-induced distracted states, he wasn’t mired in anxiety over his brother. On the contrary. He was happy. Ecstatic. But also stuck in deep shame that he couldn’t drag himself out of no matter how many times he remembered Sherlock’s order that he cease feeling culpable for having any part in his drug addiction. Easier said than done when that filthy habit had almost killed him. Yet Sherlock, who was always so eager to dig in the thorns of Mycroft’s mistakes, had been alarmed at the prospect of Mycroft feeling guilty for this misdeed. That had to count for something.
The seal let him go. Sherlock shrank back, crawling across the floor, wide eyes on the seal, which was rippling again, its skin peeling away just like it had on the beach to reveal a human form once more. No trick. It was no trick. Not even Houdini could have pulled this one off. But how? How?!
“I’m not.” Greg stepped closer to him, begging with his gaze. “I swear, I’m not. I mean it. Today, with you, cuddling on the sofa, you accepting who I am, all of me… I haven’t felt so at peace since… Shit, I can’t remember since when. You make me feel good. Through this whole thing with Susan, everyone else has been smothering me with platitudes. They mean well, but it’s exhausting. You don’t do that. You just ask me what I need and then give it to me. You have no idea how much you help me. You’ve always helped me. You never pushed me away. I love you for that. I… I love you.”
“He’s willing to move in with someone who keeps dead body parts next to the food. He’s not going to be chased away so easily. Your partner is made of hardier stuff than that.”
“I know. Alright? I know. No one tonight has told me anything I didn’t already know. I didn’t go. Okay? Can’t I at least get some credit for that?”
John and Greg turned their attention back to Sherlock, who held out his arms to receive John. Sherlock fell back, laughing as John placed a fin on his chest and nuzzled his face, whiskers everywhere. Greg stepped around Sherlock’s other side, but hovered a short distance away, looking uncertainly at them.
“And it’s going to be a lot more before I can even consider moving on. I shouldn’t be telling you this. I fucked up enough when I broke up with you. I appreciate you saying I’m not selfish, but I’m being so selfish right now. The reason why I brought this up now is because when I thought about sleeping with you, I…” Greg sucked in a breath. “I liked it.”
“How would you know?” Sherlock asked. “You weren’t there. Oh, no, wait. You were there. To kidnap him. That he most certainly did mind.”
Mycroft narrowed his eyes. Why was Greg bringing this up now? Why make himself feel worse when he was already so low?
“Did I? I must have forgotten. But I never thought it could possibly be Mycroft. Why didn’t I think of that?”
John’s lips worked soundlessly for a second. He lifted his left hand from Sherlock’s foot, yet didn’t remove it from his lap, as if he were afraid to move.
How was Mycroft supposed to not despair around these people? If they possessed even half the observational ability that he did, they would be able to perceive that his lack of immediate feeling was his mind’s defensive mechanism against the paralyzing onslaught of emotion that would ensue should he allow himself to feel. Such intense emotion would bring them to their knees.
“That’s wonderful,” John said. “Kelpies aren’t always friendly to those who stray into their lakes, but they don’t hurt kids. So, this makes things a lot easier. We don’t have to explain anything to you.”
“I didn’t mean to make you think that,” John said, so apologetic that Sherlock trembled as fear drained out of his body. “Of course I’m not leaving. I’m upset, but I’m not going to abandon you so easily. I told you. I’m not doing that again. I love you, Sherlock. How could I just leave you like that?”
Mycroft’s detachment finally withered into an unimpressed, sharp glance that would have turned into an eye roll if they didn’t have company.
“How is he?” Greg asked, looking as if he would be heartbroken if Sherlock said that he was doing poorly. Christ, maybe Greg had been right in leaving him out. If Sherlock had to act as mediator, he would run away to Dover again and not come back until Mycroft and Greg were sharing a bed again.
Oh. Right. Sherlock didn’t live here. He lived over two hours away in a different city, too far too see each other daily. The only kind of relationship they could have after Sherlock left was a long distance one.
“I know what you meant. I’m not afraid you’re dehumanizing me or anything. I’m not human to begin with. I really don’t mind the touches. I like them, actually, which you’ve probably noticed. We’re friends. Your culture isn’t very touchy-feely, as they say, but mine is. Petting. Cuddling. They’re standard displays of affection between friends and family, not just romantic gestures.”
She rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s petty manner, but in an affectionate way. Sherlock left for the kitchen to unpack his chemistry equipment.
Greg ate a sufficient amount that morning, if a bit less than his usual intake. Susan had called him an hour before, wishing to speak in person so that she could apologize properly. Mycroft wasn’t enthused by the prospect, but Greg chose to go. Of course. Greg wouldn’t terminate his marriage so easily, even under these circumstances. Mycroft couldn’t quite comprehend his motivations, but romantic relationships were outside of his area of expertise. As where the hurt feelings that ensued when one’s partner was unfaithful. He had always been glad to not have to worry about this sort of thing, but his lack of experience did have drawbacks when it came to managing certain situations, such as this one. Not that this was up to him to manage. He had no power or authority here. It was entirely Greg’s business. Mycroft’s role was exclusively to provide Greg with whatever he required, be it material or emotional. That was all.
Greg responded with a soft “woof” and poked Sherlock’s cheek with his snout, giving him a soft lick. Sherlock giggled and sank his hands into Greg’s abundant and surprisingly soft fur, petting his muzzle. John came up beside them and scratched behind Greg’s ears.
“I still have no idea. It just is. I thought I was hallucinating at first. Is it okay if John comes closer?”
Mycroft had suffered a frisson of melancholy and fear when John had admitted why he was so recalcitrant to speak about his clan. Such complete banishment was why Mycroft was hesitant to press the issue of his sexuality with his parents. While he may not enjoy as close a relationship with them as he used to, he still wanted them in his life, even if in a limited capacity. Sherlock didn’t understand that, but there was little wonder about that. He had always been the disappointment. Mycroft had lost count of how many times he had to defend Sherlock’s choices even while feeling as frustrated as they did.
They settled into a comfortable embrace, foreheads touching, eyes closed, chests pressed together in a gentle rise and fall as their breaths synced up. Sherlock brushed his fingers through John’s hair, delighting at its softness, massaging his scalp in small circles. John hummed in appreciation. Sherlock smiled at the lovely sound. John returned the favor in kind by stroking Sherlock’s hair, his fingers carefully tracing the folds of his curls.
“You might still want to reconsider keeping those eyes in the microwave. Most people like to use it for heating food.”
John leaned back and wiped his tears with his right hand, but kept his left firmly on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock smiled, a weird sickly sweet feeling of nerves and joy in his stomach as John looked at him like that, like he was the most precious being in the world. He didn’t know what to do with that, if it was too much or just enough or exactly what he needed, because he didn’t feel all that John was feeling at that moment. Admiration for his beauty, the unquenchable desire to touch him, and love. Yes, this was love. Did it matter when Sherlock’s feelings had shifted from intense admiration to love? Not really. It was a constant, needful love, as comfortable as a fuzzy blanket on a chilly night, yet it was not the butterfly flutter of romance he spied in John’s eyes. Yet this difference had never been a disconnect, had it? No. Clearly, John didn’t think so, either, else he wouldn’t be leaning forward and pressing their foreheads together. They closed their eyes, hands on each other’s napes, breathing in the same air. Yesterday’s jitters had been an aberration, a foolish reaction. This was the truth right here.
“No, not that. Well, yes that. You should have. But how? Literally how? How could I not notice that? I don’t see Mycroft often enough. Maybe that’s why on that end. But you. How did I miss this from you?”
John nudged Sherlock’s arm with his flipper. When Sherlock removed it, John sank to the floor, transforming back into human form. Mycroft startled again, eyes widening, although not as much as the previous time.
John pointed at an image on the upper left corner, a long necked beast that bore a close resemblance to the most famous image of the Loch Ness monster. Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the reminder that he could no longer make fun of fools who believed such a preposterous tale to be real, for it was.
“You’re going to have to take the lead,” Sherlock said, voice rasping nervously, breath short. “I’m afraid I’m woefully ignorant about these matters.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock said, not feeling sorry at all. “I couldn’t resist. You’re an enthralling sight while you sleep.”
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand, then stood up on his tiptoes to kiss his cheek before turning back to the kettle and pouring them two cups.
Sherlock shoved himself off the wall and ripped off the towel around his waist, throwing both on the bed. Quickly, he pulled on the first clothes that he could find, only realizing in the midst of putting on his jacket that he’d donned a suit as if he were going out. His customary armor. The urge to wrap himself up in his coat niggled at him, too.
The tension gripping Sherlock’s spine eased. He hadn’t noticed how agitated he’d gotten until his breath rushed out as he propped his crutches beside him. John wrapped an arm around his back, pulling him up like he had done several times before, continuing to hold him until Sherlock was steady on his left foot.
Waiting for John to come home was agony. Sherlock tried to read, scrolled through Twitter, took a few steps outside, sat down on the porch facing the ocean, wondered how many magical, sea creatures swam under the waves just outside his vision, and went back inside to try to read again.
“Alright,” John said, looking back up, lips pressed tightly together in resignation. “Bring whatever you need into the flat. Just, try to keep any heads out of sight, please.”
“You mean that you’ve considered me your brother-in-law since your relationship’s commencement. I suspected that might be the case.”
“It’s fine. She’s used to me.” They began going up the stairs. “I held out for as long as I could, but the two of you kept gabbing like a couple of busybodies. I’ve been fantasizing about having you here all to myself for ages. I’m not waiting anymore.”
Of course, Mycroft had needed to verify that this Detective Lestrade was treating Sherlock well and not mocking him like so many others did, even while making use of his aid. Mycroft wouldn’t have Sherlock taken advantage of. No matter how often Sherlock dismissed people making fun of him, claiming that he didn’t care, that he just ignored them, Mycroft could see that it hurt him. So he had Greg brought to him, discreetly, for a private interview. Greg preferred to refer to it as “kidnapping”, even after losing his rancor over it once he got to know Mycroft better. Perhaps it had been that. Technically.
“Great. That’s a load off. I always hated living alone, but it’s even more unbearable now without you there.”
Mycroft’s phone announced that Greg had driven through the front gate. Quickly donning a pair of slacks and a pale blue dress shirt, Mycroft hurried downstairs and met Greg at the door. Greg entered with a warm smile, even if it was tarnished by weariness and preoccupation.
“They are. It’s more of a cultural thing. We’re born to the ocean, so we’re naturally more drawn to it. Or most of us are. I miss it when I’m away from it for too long, a lot, but I’m more drawn to the land. Always have been.” A rueful smile jerked on his face. “Makes me a bit of a weirdo.”
The breeze swept his hair into his eyes. Sherlock was distracted by the fluttering of the shiny strands for a moment before returning to the unpleasant subject at hand.
“I’m most certainly eager to become an expert in this,” Sherlock said, rubbing John’s cheek with his nose.
“For God’s sake. Stop looking at me like that and just tell me. I promise I won’t be angry, if that’s what you need to hear.”
“The very notion of a mythological creature being real defies all laws of logic and reason. It isn’t scientifically possible for selkies to exist.”
“Right,” John said, rolling his shoulders to ease the tense muscles. “Yeah. Anything’s a walk in the park after Mycroft.”
“Likewise,” he said. “Now that you’ve seen him and verified that he’s fine, we should talk in private.”
Greg didn’t look fully convinced. Mycroft got the feeling that Greg wished to be punished for what he’d done. For Mycroft to shout and rail at him, to make him feel like slime under his heel for leaving him so abruptly. Mycroft would do no such thing. Greg didn’t deserve that, no matter how much he decided to recriminate himself. Or how much it relieved Mycroft, selfish as he was, for Greg to believe that he’d done something wrong, that he didn’t simply think of Mycroft as a fun diversion on the road to happiness. Their relationship had been important to him, too, even if they couldn’t make things work.
Sherlock went inside and shut the door behind him. Lestrade sat at his desk behind his usual stack of papers. He hadn’t had a great night’s sleep. There were bags under his eyes, which were a tad glazed, and there was an ink stain on his right shirt cuff. Lestrade was usually careful not to stain his clothing with fresh ink.
Sherlock turned towards John, who had disrobed and was holding his skin in front of him, waiting for Mycroft to look at him. With a discontented huff, Mycroft did so.
“Well, it was awkward! Barely knew each other and people were a’ready assuming we were together. We jus met. God, I thought you might be worried I was tryin’ ta shag you. An’ I never really went for blokes, so I jus’ say it’s not my thing... clears it up.”
John stared dumbly at his flatmate’s naked aroused body, bearing witness to the slight thrusting movements of his hips. His arms were behind his back, his head tilted against the wall.
John was well aware how odd their relationship was becoming and how it would look to other people. But his best friend was Sherlock Holmes. Normal could piss off.
“You can have the first shower, John. You’re dying for a good wank. It’ll relax you and then you’ll pass out for good long while.”
“And don’t be embarrassed about me seeing you do... that. I’m sure you know all the statistics about it, and I’m a doctor and all that. Nothing to be embarrassed about.”
John sighed. “Look, it’s not my business. And it’s not like this isn’t something that can happen with flatmates. So it’s, you know, not a big deal. Really. You could delete it or something. If you want.”
“I always assumed you would be the one to get tired of me. It’s very strange to hear the reverse. I’m the difficult one. And if there were no cases to keep your interest...”
“And I... I... well, I would never endanger you... but given my history... I... I’ll go fetch the condoms....”
Sherlock was being predictably contrary and obstinate. More than that, he seemed to be doing an unusually spectacular job at pushing the man’s buttons and brother dear looked to be contemplating violence.
“I’m going to have a shower. I’m hungry. You hungry? We have anything? Anything’ll do,” Sherlock rattled off as he headed into the bathroom.
It was clear to him now that he found ending his intimacy with Sherlock so distressing that he could hardly seriously entertain the idea of it without panicking. And where did that leave him? Could he never have a girlfriend? A relationship? Only with people open to this sort of thing, he supposed, but how many of them existed? How likely would that be to work out? Christ, was he doomed to be alone for the rest of his life if he stayed with Sherlock?
And then Sherlock looked panicked, silently pleading for John to not reveal how they started down the path they were on. The blush was rising in his cheeks.
John’s charm still managed to turn a few heads though. And one day he found himself being chatted up by a saucy woman and thoroughly enjoying it. She was fun, interesting to talk with, and made no secret that she was interested in him. He flirted back happily while Sherlock was off investigating something that he would no doubt reveal later for dramatic effect. And when the detective returned, demanding his attention, John gave the woman (Ava) his number. No doubt a bold woman like her wouldn’t think twice about calling if she wanted to see him again.
Sherlock’s attempt to reply was interrupted by the high pitch sound that came out of his mouth, but then he managed, “We’re not even doing a box step anymore. We’re just rocking from side to side.”
Ava noticed his distraction and asked if there was something wrong. He snapped back to the moment and assured her everything was fine. He focused on her and determined he would take the time to examine the state of things later.
“I don’t think I can bring myself to cut this out of... us. Not right now. I never realized it until I was suddenly facing the choice.”
Sherlock sighed. “Mummy will see it on me, especially if she sees you as well. And then the interrogation will start. They’re already intensely curious about you since they found your blog. They’ll want to know every detail of our ‘relationship’. They’ll be so excited that their boy is finally acting like a fully functional human being. They’ll expound upon how hard it is for them to worry about me being alone, and how happy they are that you’re here to save me from myself. They’ll want to know how we met, and anniversary dates, and how I managed to catch a respectable doctor. They won’t understand. They won’t want to. They’ll want it all to fit in a neat box.”
“No missing subtext. Just a hand job. Though, actually, if there’s something you need ‘in the moment’ that would help get you to, um, orgasm, I’m fine with adding things to the table. Oh, and... no, you don’t have to do anything. I mean with reciprocating. You can if you want. I mean you can touch me however you... Just, whatever you feel like.”
“I don’t think I could do it willingly either. But I will, if you ask me to. And when you are ready and you choose someone, we’ll still be friends. Don’t just... disappear. Alright? That would be a nine. On the scale.”
John rolled away, grabbed the bottle of lube he’d bought Sherlock days ago and squeezed some into his palm. He spread it over his friend’s hot skin, this time paying more attention to the head.
“Sorry,” he said ruefully. He swallowed and coughed, sounding a bit hoarse from screaming. “I don’t seem to be able to last very long. Still, I wasn’t expecting it so soon again. It just... happened.”
Sherlock nodded sternly, but every so often John let his hand wander down again, brushing the top of Sherlock’s arse.
“You sound like a toddler refusing to take a nap. Just sleep for now. You can go back to work when you wake up.”
John winced. He had felt his little trips were pointless, but he was so used to trusting that Sherlock was operating around a bigger picture that he didn’t question it too much. “How the hell would I know that when you always keep me in the dark about your plans!”
Sherlock hummed, seemingly content. John was loath to move, but he was going to have to clean the spunk off of them before it dried. Sighing, he eventually hefted himself up. “Back in a mo’.” He returned with a damp flannel, wiping himself off as he walked to the bed. Then he set about cleaning Sherlock too. First his back, then he gently wiped the lube from his now flaccid penis. Sherlock watched intently, appearing fascinated.
They sat there in silence for a few minutes before Greg continued in a gentler tone. “You know... Sherlock looks at you like you hung the moon. What if... what if he’s trying to hint he’s interested in a relationship?”
“You know a lot more about me than I know about you. And you don’t even have to catch me at it to know all that.”
“It’s true about Watson, though. He never went long without finding some female company. Heard he even managed to find a willing lady from time to time after he was sent to Afghanistan,” Hillock said, circling back to the topic of John’s exploits. “Charms them every time. So, who are you seeing now, eh? You keeping her far away from us so she never knows what a slag you are?”
“Then it’s fine. Besides, I have to take half of the blame for him finding out. I kissed you in front of him.”
John guided him to lie back on the sofa and moved to hover over him before he pulled out his friend’s erection. It was as red as he remembered. The sensation of it in his hand was now a bit familiar, though it was a new angle. And with their faces inches apart, this time he could see Sherlock’s face while he touched him.
“Honestly, I’d rather deal with you having a stiffy if it means you’ll behave like something approximating an adult. Now, why don’t you take care of that while I go find us some breakfast. And you ARE eating it, Sherlock.” John took his silence for assent.
“Ok, so you say you’ve tried. And you weren’t successful. Ok...” John took a moment to gather his thoughts. “First idea. Was it because you felt pressure to finish before I returned?”
The tragedy of it was that it didn’t seem like he was adverse to it in the slightest. Then again, it didn’t seem like he was actively seeking it out either. John really couldn’t be sure of anything. But he couldn’t shake the idea that Sherlock might want sex like any other person, but wasn’t confident enough to go for it.
He relented and only barged in on him when the reason was more important than he just didn’t feel like waiting. The problem was he knew very well John wasn’t actually uncomfortable. So, as weeks turned into months, even that courtesy started to fade. John didn’t care enough to keep fighting it.
John reckoned it would make his friend feel less vulnerable, so he stripped down to his pants and vest. In response, Sherlock decided to take off his dressing gown, revealing his bare torso completely. They faced each other, yet again unsure how to begin.
Finally Sherlock stood, his posture designed to retain as much dignity as possible. He took the towel he’d been sitting on, secured it around his waist, and strode past John disappearing into the bathroom.
And he succeeded quite nicely if his current activities were anything to go by. He’d brought her back to the flat and they were currently engaged in a bit of savage snogging up against the wall. And this woman kissed like she wanted to wreck him. He thought they might not even make it up the stairs to his bedroom with the way she rubbed against him. Not a moment too soon either. He’d started to forget the feel of anything besides his own hand. Speaking of hands, hers boldly palmed him through his trousers.
“Not really. Kinda. You’re always so mysterious about things. You know when my dates have gone well or turned crap without me saying a word, and that’s the tip of the iceberg. But I don’ even know if you’ve ever had a date... ever. Or what you like or anythin’. I can’t just know things like you do. So I don’t know things.”
And there was attraction too. It wasn’t overwhelming passion, the stuff of Shakespeare, but there was no doubt Sherlock was talented and John was attracted.
“Help me understand this. Please.” When his friend looked unwilling to elaborated, he changed tactics. “Ok, let me walk through this then. Like deductions. If I’m wrong, you can take the piss, but if I’m right, just try to remember I’m your friend and you can trust me.”
But as it turned out, it wasn’t that odd of a thing to do. While he wasn’t about to interrogate his friend about what he’d been doing, he was still curious. So he’d looked it up. On porn sites. As you do. As it happened, there was a good amount of porn to peruse that included men orgasming without being touched.
Lestrade nearly spit his beer out at that comment and started coughing. He got a few thumps on the back as he gave John a significant look. Molly, who was sitting shyly next to him, looked nervously back and forth between Greg, John, and Sherlock.
All the while, the thought that kept pinging away in the back of John’s mind was that Sherlock hadn’t ever really had sex.
“No. I....” He stared. “Do you mean now?” John wasn’t sure what the current state Sherlock was in. His laptop was covering any evidence.
But without something to deduce, Sherlock grew silent again. And as John hadn’t a clue what to say either, it continued.
“And how would you know unless you’ve been keeping tabs on me like usual. Butting in where you’re not wanted. You all think you have the right to know every move I make-“
“Don’t you think I’ve tried by now? Even you should have been able to tell that the errands I sent you on were entirely unnecessary except for the purpose of securing privacy.”
The story is complete. I'll post each chapter as my beta finishes them. If you find any mistakes, feel free to let me know.
“They are known to lower people’s blood pressure with their mere presence. People who own pets live longer -“
Thank you IVLeafTea for fixing all my typos. And also thanks for helping me with an end scene. And for god's sake, finish your Undertale WIP.
Sherlock had been spending the last several days almost exclusively away from their flat. He said he was running some experiment on social network patterns. Real life ones, not online. When John asked about it, the answer was largely lost on him other than gleaning that it involved going undercover (Sherlock’s term for dress up), interacting with various people, and planting evidence. At that point he had a hunch that it probably wasn’t entirely legal and decided he’d rather not know.
“That’s what I’m saying. I don’t want to get it wrong. Not if this is as important as I think it is.”
“We don’t have sex. I don’t want to. He respects that.” And Sherlock had no reason to believe that he wouldn’t continue respecting that. “We show affection in other ways. Hold hands. Cuddle. It works. It’s only been two weeks since we got together like this and three weeks since we even met, but it is working.”
Well, wasn’t John’s sputtering the sweetest thing? Sherlock’s apprehension melted away at John’s charming desire to keep Sherlock close.
“She’s good. Things are good between us. Listen, Mycroft, I’m sorry about how I ended things. I really shouldn’t have done it like that.”
“It’s a pleasure, Mrs. Hudson,” Mycroft said, extending his hand. “I’ve been looking forward to meeting you. Sherlock is very excited to move in.”
Grabbing his crutch from where it leaned against the wall, Sherlock set his feet carefully on the floor and stood up. He winced, the stiff muscles in his right ankle yanking painfully, but that would lessen as they loosened up with motion. He walked forward, every step ginger and as quiet as he could make it, for John had not moved again. Perhaps he’d fallen back to sleep. Either way, Sherlock’s bladder had woken up and demanded that he attend to it. As he crept past the study, he took a peek inside. John lied flat on the floor, flippers out, eyes closed, snout even more doglike pressed against the floorboards. As adorable as ever.
Sherlock grinned. John shifted up on the bed and nuzzled Sherlock’s face. Sherlock still thought of a cat every time that they did this, but that was hardly a bad thing. He grasped John’s nape, weaving his fingers through his hair as he brushed his cheek and nose against John’s face in long, languid motions. John pressed a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s chin. Sherlock hitched his left leg higher atop John’s, rubbing his calf with his toes. John stroked up his back in response, fingertips grazing atop his skin. Sherlock hummed, leaning into the touch, breath growing short at the delightful sensation. It danced through his body, bursts of dopamine vanishing the loneliness of this week, casting a feeling of contentment over his being. Sherlock’s right hand strayed over John’s chest.
“Oh, I’m sure there were plenty of mental gymnastics to guarantee that. You’re such a fucking hypocrite. You want to know everything about my life. Who I talk to. Where I go. But you form a relationship with my friend and I don’t have the right to know that?”
“I have sticky toffee for afters,” Mrs. Hudson said once they’d served themselves. Mycroft wasn’t getting that much special treatment. “Greg mentioned that it’s your favorite.”
Mycroft didn’t speak, but he nodded curtly. John moved forward. Mycroft flinched, taking a step back. Sherlock winced as the motion dragged him sideways. Mycroft finally looked at him, startled, and plopped down on the sofa.
“Well, uh, John is into that stuff. And there is a certain aesthetic value to it, I suppose. My inspiration may have been stagnating for a bit and he helped me jump start it again. It is rather interesting from an artistic point of view. Shakespeare used all sorts of mythology in his works all the time and that’s the same level of… fanciful folklore.”
“He asked me to get in the cab with him. He’d tell me what he told his victims if I did. Otherwise, he’d keep mum and I’d never get my answers.”
“Well, uh, he said congratulations. That he was happy for us. I don’t really know how to read his voice, but I think that he sounded sincere. He did mention that your last close friendship didn’t end well.”
The main reason why John thought it might merit a discussion was that it was Sherlock’s first time. Some people can have strong reactions to that. And Sherlock was Sherlock, so it was hard to predict what he was going to think of anything. He might forget it even happened.
“Don’t worry. I’m not trying to pressure you into anything. I’m just offering a... I guess a friendly hand job. Wow, that sounds stupid out loud. I just mean I could get you off - with my hand - so you can think again. Or not, if you don’t want... that.” John cringed, wondering if he sounded as much bumbling fool as he suspected.
“Greg. What are you doing here?” When John had managed to drag Sherlock to a pub, he hadn’t expected to see any ‘Work’ faces.
Actually... in fact, his prick seemed exceedingly... full and... flushed. John had very little time to formulate any more thoughts at all before Sherlock’s breath hitched and suddenly his open mouth became clenched teeth as he let out a deep groan of unmistakable pleasure.
They sat in a comfortable silence for a while, common enough for them. Though this time it was the wine that was dulling what would have been unbearable awkwardness.
“I’m not going to crumble at any moment,” he muttered. So what if he was pouting? As if he cared. “I’m not made of glass.”
Mycroft replied with the same excuse about not considering the impossible that Mrs. Hudson had mentioned. Sherlock refused to leave him off the hook. Greg, for his part, was astonished and embarrassed that he hadn’t caught on that Mrs. Hudson had noticed. Normally, Sherlock wouldn’t derive any comfort from being equally as bewildered as Greg, but it did provide some relief this time. Everyone was in bad form today, including John. But Sherlock was over it. He was too busy being fascinated by Mrs. Hudson’s tales of riding kelpies, befriending a wood sprite, and having escapades with no less than a werewolf and a selkie.
Now, in the present, John blinked owlishly, pushing his seal skin down to his waist, and propped himself up to a seating position. He brushed his hair off his face and over his eyes, emitting soft groans of resentment at being awake.
John crouched down beside him, reaching under Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock shrank back, balking at the indignity of being carried like a helpless damsel.
“Alright then,” he said after a moment, his voice tight with begrudging defeat. “I’m not the most knowledgeable person in this room. But I’m still more intellectually gifted than you.”
Mycroft was being selfish again. Greg should be able to remain at his home, even if the wreck of his marriage had tainted the location with memories, both sad and bittersweet. He planned on moving out once the lease ran out in seven months if he didn’t reconcile with Susan, which he didn’t think was possible. Only a week before Mycroft received that furious phone call from Sherlock accusing him of malicious lying, Greg had confessed that they were heading for divorce. Mycroft put him in contact with an excellent family solicitor within his budget, as Greg refused to let Mycroft pay for anything, even for the groceries that Greg had bought for both of them.
Sherlock tapped his mobile on his thigh, hand incapable of lying still. John came over to him and took his other hand, squeezing gently.
“Yes.” Sherlock pulled out a battered, dusty box and put it on his desk. “You do remember how to play, don’t you?”
Sherlock breath hitched on a sob. He couldn’t help it. But he couldn’t let the rest of the tears get out, not with Mycroft on the way. He wouldn’t have his brother find him a sobbing mess. John might also come back. Any moment now, he could walk in through the door.
He asked John to pick him up at the bookshop. John found him halfway through the folklore book on a chapter about islands that mysteriously appear out of the fog only to never be seen again by the clueless, 18th century sailors who hadn’t even figured out longitude other than dead reckoning.
“They were required to give the proper impression. I could just say that they’re dark blue and that you have central heterochromia, but that description would fall far short.”
Eighteen agonizing minutes later, the front door finally opened. Sherlock jumped off the armchair and ran to the stairs, hands shaking as he gripped the handrail. John looked up at him, tired, mouth in a tense line, shoulders hunched.
Due to the large size of the house, Mycroft had several spare bedrooms, none of which had ever been used. He chose one close to his own bedroom, yet at a suitable distance should Greg desire the extra privacy. He had brushed off Greg’s offer to help him make up the bed, needing a few moments alone and the mentally clearing benefits of a menial task. His emotions had been a twisted knot since Greg’s call, hours of cold percolation and doubt. A divorce would devastate Greg. Mycroft had lived in a state of quiet jealousy over Susan, yet he could not wish such misery upon Greg. But what choice had he now? Was Greg likely to give her another chance? She didn’t deserve one. There were others whom Greg could grow to love, and with whom Greg could have the children he wanted so keenly. There was no need for him to subject himself to living in doubt with Susan’s infidelity. Ether way, he wouldn’t return to Mycroft, not like that. This was the closest their friendship would ever get.
“No, I need the fingers. I can’t possibly be done with them before Saturday. And I’m keeping the eyes, too. I’ll move them somewhere less in the way.”
Greg was being a terrible friend. How many people had to die before he let go of his pride and gave Sherlock this case already? He didn’t know what the hell to do with a serial killer. He never did, nor did anyone in his incompetent team. And now he was spewing some nonsense in a press conference about having it all under control and the best people on the case.
“Mm. Good point. There is a café not far from it that sells breakfast sandwiches. I’ve been a couple of times. It’s alright.”
“It’s frowned upon to be here for so long. One is supposed to spend most of one’s time in the sea, not on land. This form,” John looked down at his arm, “isn’t supposed to be the primary one.”
Greg smiled. Fond. Nostalgic. Yet still too sorrowful for where they needed to be to take the next step.
“Of course he will. He’s head over heels. But Sherlock is going to have to do some serious groveling, I’m sure.”
“Hello,” he said. “I didn’t know everyone would be here. Is there something going on that I don’t know about?”
“I’m not drinking milk that’s been sat next to decaying, human flesh,” John had said. “You’re sharing the flat now. Compromises must be made. It’s all part of being partners.”
Why had he insisted on following John home? Why? He’d thought it was all a hallucination. Why did he have to press the issue? Why had John intrigued him so? And why did part of him not want to let go?
“Precisely. I admit that it’s a tall order, especially on the second part. Probably impossible to avoid, if I’m completely honest. Sherlock is rather difficult to manage when he has his mind set on something. But if there’s anything you can do to persuade him to not be completely reckless, I would really appreciate it.”
Some reconnaissance was in order. Sherlock hadn’t been to Mycroft’s house in nearly five years. A visit was long overdue.
A harsh, weary sigh carrying years of frustration burst out of John as he finally turned to Sherlock, piercing him with sharp eyes.
Sherlock sucked on his bottom lip, nodding. Nice didn’t even begin to cover it. Fascinating. Elating. Dizzying. But in a good way. Definitely in a good way. John kept gazing into his eyes, silent, his eyes so bright and blue and perfect. Sherlock could while away an afternoon making a study of his irises, weaving the cerulean and brown hues into a merry tune. The laugh lines at the corners of John’s eyes wrinkled with a gentle smile. Sherlock’s breath caught. He’d never held anyone’s gaze for this long before. He had wondered at the idea of something being so beautiful and alluring that it hurt to remain entrapped in it for long. He had found this seeming contradiction tested after playing his violin for too many pieces, delight becoming ecstasy becoming pain as exhaustion set in. The nervous, overwhelmed sensation afflicting his gut just now was alike, yet not at all. How could it both gladden him and hurt to look at John? It was too much. Too much of himself in his eyes, his face, his thundering heart which made John frown, concerned.
Why was everyone so fixated on Sherlock not knowing Lestrade’s first name? What did it matter? Alright, fine. So perhaps it might be a tad uneven that Lestrade called Sherlock by his first name while Sherlock didn’t, but Lestrade wasn’t complaining, so what business was it of anyone else’s?
Dinner was unusually subdued. Not that they had a lack of conversation, for John wished to know what each portion of the song represented and exactly what had inspired Sherlock in its composition. Yet John’s embarrassment at his earlier outburst made him a tad more awkward and less open than usual, which was matched by Sherlock’s own flustered preoccupation. He decided to keep his worries to himself, only to recapitulate the next instant and yearn to ask John what was on his mind to settle this once and for all. But even if he spoke now, there might be no settling anything. John’s feelings, even Sherlock’s own, might change in the future. But they would have cleared the air for now. When had Sherlock ever been content to live in doubt?
Worried for Sherlock? Worried that he might tell the world the truth? No one would believe him. He wouldn’t believe himself. But it was true. It was all true. God, how could this possibly be true?
“I wasn’t wearing it like a garment. I was…” He stopped himself, pressing his lips tightly together, looking uncertain as to whether he should continue speaking. “You weren’t hallucinating, alright?”
“No, of course not. If you don’t want them, then you don’t. I should thank you too for not trying to convince me to not want them.”
Thsi is the longest chapter. It's also the first of eight in Mycroft's POV. They mostly deal with his relationship with Greg, but there's pieces of his relationship with Sherlock, too.
Fondness warmed his voice. Greg heard it and smiled back. Mycroft focused on him, recording this moment in his mind palace for posterity. If Greg decided not to renew their former connection, this would be the last moment that he would be able to enjoy the sight of a cheeky, open Greg with his lips bright red from Mycroft’s kisses. Greg stood up, hands flexing helplessly at his side.
“I didn’t mean it like that. You’re the ones who twisted it. When I say cuddling, I mean just cuddling like I and John do. Which we can finally do whenever we want now that he’s moving here.”
“Yes.” John raised his head and fixed him with his stern “I’m a doctor and you will listen to me” look. “We need to eat. You had breakfast, right”
“In different compartments. Look, I’ll put the box on a higher shelf.” Sherlock did so. Why did John look even more annoyed by that? “What? I’ve never gotten sick eating any of the food in here. I suppose you want me to take the eyes out of the microwave, too?”
John sighed. He dropped his head back and he stared up at the ceiling with a bleary expression that slowly sank into tired resignation.
Mycroft tilted his head toward Sherlock, but he couldn’t force himself to look away from John, so he nodded, a sharp, halting motion. Sherlock released his wrist. The umbrella pressed against the floor with a sharp thud, Mycroft’s knuckles white on the handle. Sherlock wrapped his fingers around it instead. Mycroft wouldn’t be using the weapons inside it, but Sherlock felt better having a hold on it. He would have taken it away completely, but Mycroft needed his comfort object right now.
“I was taking a trip down memory lane with some old family videos. Probably not the most advisable thing for a day such as this, but I do indulge in sentiment on occasion.”
Sherlock nodded. John completed the motion, pressing their hands together palm to palm. Their fingers twinned, slowly, both still afraid to push it.
“I’m not fussing. And of course I haven’t done enough. You’re my friend and you need me. Now sit down while I make you your eggs. Do you want tea or coffee?”
Oh. Of course. That was the point. He was spiraling in self-recrimination and doubt, which demanded more of the same, latching onto any past shame to tighten the noose of self-hatred around his neck.
John grabbed Sherlock’s right elbow and tugged his arm toward him, sliding his hands down to Sherlock’s own. Holding it in both hands, he squeezed, gently at first, then harder. Sherlock gasped. John loosened his hold immediately.
“No, it’s not like that.” Sherlock stood by the counter next to him. “I just want to make sure that there’s no misunderstandings. You say you don’t mind me petting you, but I don’t want you to think that I’m treating you as if you were a dog.”
“I think I do. Even if you know it, I think part of you might need to hear it. You looked scared. The way you jumped back.”
Chuckling, John began to rub up Sherlock’s back in smooth circles. Sherlock did the same, laying his left foot over John’s right, stroking his heel with his toes.
It quickened Sherlock’s heart and stuttered his breath, and a flare of anxious uncertainty awakened inside him, for he recognized that desire in John’s eyes that he couldn’t experience himself. He sucked in a breath, telling his stupid mind to relax. John had promised him. This didn’t mean
“And you want me to make a good impression, is that it? I’m not going to clean up in here and make it look like a magazine spread. That would be as bad as putting on an act.”
Mycroft always appreciated this. Greg didn’t insist that Mycroft talk about his feelings, which were the same year after year in any case. He moved straight on to a distracting topic of conversation, something that would make Mycroft smile.
Breakfast followed downstairs in Mrs. Hudson’s “non-toxic” kitchen, as she called it. John couldn’t help himself from agreeing before casting Sherlock an awkward glance and an apologetic shrug.
“Oh,” John said, the apologetic awkwardness in his face indicting that he took Sherlock’s meaning. “I’m sorry to hear that. So just Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft, then? I take it that you did tell Mrs. Hudson.”
A couple of months passed before they renewed their lunches. Mycroft was sure that Greg suspected his protestations of work to be excuses, but he let him get away with them. When Mycroft saw him again, Greg was a happily married man in the flush of his new life, filled with love for his wife and hope for the future. Yet he reiterated that he wanted Mycroft to be part of that future as well. They settled back into their previous routine, trying for biweekly lunches now. Mycroft lifted his proscription against drinking while making sure to moderate himself, and learned to accept the position that Greg now had in his life. As time went by, the sting grew less. He found himself being happier and less saddened by Greg’s satisfaction in his marriage.
What the hell? Sherlock pushed himself up on his elbows, trying to see, but he fell down again on his side, bile rising in his throat. Was that a seal? Yes, it had to be a seal. The man was thrashing, yelling, under the grip of a large seal. He tried to stab it, but the seal pushed his arm down with a fierce flipper and gnashed its teeth into his throat. An ominous silence fell as his flesh tore open, blood gurgling onto the pebbles, his hand scrambling helplessly at the ground, knife slipping from numb fingers. Sherlock lunged for it, but the seal tossed it away with a strong sweep of its tail. Sherlock scrambled back, gritting his teeth at the vicious pounding in his head, crying out as his injured ankle crumpled in pain. He had to stand up. A murderous seal was closing in on him. He had to move.
Mycroft touched his shoulder. Sherlock jumped, staring at him in shock. Mycroft jumped, too, removing his hand and studying Sherlock’s face, frowning in a silent question. Did Sherlock look such a miserable mess for Mycroft to be reaching out like this and giving him the comfort of touch even while disagreeing with him? Stupid question. Of course he did. Sherlock nodded. More like a swift shake of his head. Mycroft put his hand back down. Hs fingers squeezed with the right amount of pressure that Sherlock liked. Firm, yet not so much to hurt. Rare gesture though it might be, he always knew how to do it right.
“I know you haven’t engaged in any disease transmitting behavior since the last time you got tested.”
“’M not angry. Do you pay attention to that? Sometimes I think you mus’ know evrything about how I do that. Or maybe you don’t even notice that at all. Can’t tell.”
“That is the traditionally male role. Wouldn’t want you too far out of your comfort zone. And it hardly matters to me. I can do either.” He stepped forward into John’s space. Much closer than he expected. “Now, let’s start with the box step.”
They stared for a moment before childishly giggling at his use of the word dick while one was so prominently on display. “Have fun in the shower, did you?”
Sherlock preened. He tucked John’s cock back into his pants and sat up. He winced and adjusted himself, calling John’s attention to the fact that his friend was aroused now. Sherlock smiled ruefully.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. He opened his mouth to speak a couple of times before saying, “I’m not sure where to even start with that.”
Sherlock grinned and sprang into action. He manhandled John to recline sideways on the sofa and impatiently started on the flies of his jeans.
John was very much feeling the effects of their drinks. He used to have a much higher tolerance, but he was long past his party days and age was affecting him. Sherlock was and always had been simply a light weight. John was suspecting the second bottle of wine was meant to be a courage enhancer. Did that mean Sherlock wanted to talk?
“Wouldn’t it be most effective to make the improvements to my techniques before I employ them again rather than after?”
Yes, the hugging was a thing now too. That started sometime after the kissing. Sherlock was apparently learning to behave like a caring human being. Whenever they escaped a dangerous situation, particularly if they had been separated or had had a close call, Sherlock now expressed his relief with a quick squeeze. Surprisingly, it came to him as naturally as most everything else did. John had assumed that Mrs. Hudson was just a special case. It was difficult not to love the sweet woman. Apparently, he was wrong and Sherlock was just as pleased to show affection with anyone he liked. He just didn’t think it was allowed before.
“I trust you as a scientist to know what that means. And... I really want to feel your mouth on me.”
Sherlock was always telling him he worried too much about what other people thought anyway. He was right.
“Wrong. You made a suggestion,” Sherlock replied without looking away from his wall of clues. “I chose to ignore it. You
“Ha. I rather think there is a puzzle in your pants, but that’s the problem. And it’s not a good puzzle and wouldn’t keep your interest. What makes a good case? A challenge? No, that’s no good here. This is already challenging enough. Hmm. You tend to get particularly ‘excited’ when you find something new.”
“Yes, sorry. I know it’s not my place to tell people and we said we wouldn't, but he asked. He’s a detective and I’m not exactly skilled at lying.”
“And who’s going to take care of it, hm? You’d let the thing starve and I’ll end up with all the responsibility-“
So he’d have to dial it back with Sherlock. No more sex. No more drunken discussions about sexual fantasies. And no kissing either. Come to think of it, she probably wouldn’t appreciate them cuddling on the settee. Or the expert and decidedly not platonic massages. Or really any of the other too intimate touching they do on a daily basis.
As he neared the wide open door to their sitting room, John heard rather heavy breathing. It was unmistakably Sherlock. Several possible causes shot through his mind immediately: combat, chemical asphyxiation, drug use, weird experiment.
“For god’s sake, John. She is intellectually engaging, a challenge, a much appreciated playmate in a world full of dullards. My mind adores her. But she wants me begging, humiliated and at her mercy. You make a lot of assumptions about my... kinks.”
He could only go about half way as he bobbed slowly. After a minute, he shifted to try to wrap his hand around the base, but he stopped when Sherlock’s whole body tensed with slight tremors. He pulled up just as the first pulse of semen hit his tongue. Wanting it to be good for his friend, he didn’t let go and suckled the head gently as Sherlock cried out his pleasure.
“John, do we have anything in?” Sherlock’s voice boomed from downstairs. “Molly says I look ‘peaky’. Insists I need food. Just because I can’t remember the last time I ate. And she wants you to text her as proof or she won’t let me... oh...”
John chewed on his lip. He did have a couple of ideas... But he really wasn’t sure he wanted to suggest them.
However, Sherlock had definitely not forgotten their sexual encounter. John knew this because he had apparently decided that respecting John’s personal space was unnecessary. You know that bit of distance that most people keep between each other unless they’re in a relationship? Most people have encountered at least one person who is oblivious to it and makes others uncomfortable. Yep, that was Sherlock now. With John anyway. And apparently Sherlock was really not body shy in the slightest. John was treated to the sight of pale skin wandering about the flat more than ever - much to Mrs. Hudson’s annoyance. Then there was the fact that he was being manhandled more and more. And privacy was quickly deteriorating.
John sighed. “And what happens when you get a case, hm? Sometimes you go haring off so quickly that you don’t even notice you’ve forgotten me at home. You’re going to remember the dog?”
He didn’t want to stop. He couldn’t even stomach the mere thought of stopping. That was unexpected. That kind of attachment to a friend isn’t exactly something he’d navigated before. It hadn’t occurred to him he wouldn’t be able to keep it.
“It is incredibly time consuming to find pornography that isn’t ruined by the deductions I make about the people in it. And none of the videos I’ve already found are doing it for me at the moment. Why are you looking at me like that?”
Did he fantasize? What would a man like Sherlock Holmes fantasize about? It was a shock in and of itself that Sherlock even masturbated. John had wondered about it before and thought it unlikely. But he definitely did, so what would appeal to him? And did he keep his arms behind him to keep from touching himself? What was that about?
“And then he pulled the rabbit out of the box like the most smug magician you’ve ever seen. I thought the woman eyes would pop right out of her skull.”
Sherlock waited. His fingers found an exposed patch of skin above John’s waist band and rubbed soothingly.
When he returned with the bottle, Sherlock was bare chested with his trousers below his hips and looking ridiculously appealing despite his fidgeting. John retook his position over him and immediately fisted his cock with his now slick hand.
“I don’t suppose there’s a nearby sex shop.” Sherlock shook his head. “This is a waste of time,” he growled, stood up, and threw his phone over to the bed. “Even if there was a toy that I don’t already own, the chances of it being available locally are slim.”
“Ok.” John chewed his lip. He visibly braced himself. “Next question. Remember I’m a doctor. Does the problem occur while trying to achieve orgasm or is it while you’re... working up to that level?”
This thought was most prominent during the occasions that Sherlock played his violin. John found himself more fascinated than ever, now that these little concerts took on a new dimension. He wondered about the emotion that seemed to come from him in these times. Sometimes he imagined that some of Sherlock’s more frustrated melodies had to do with sexual longing. It was purely speculation, probably wrong, but that’s what sprang to mind.
Sherlock brow and nose scrunched up as John’s voice trailed off and a moment later he realized what direction the man’s eyes had been looking when he’d lost his ability to speak.
“Hello, lads!” boomed the detective. He raised his pint at John and Sherlock as they made their way over to his table.
“Hey, come on. Don’t get all English on me. Sex taboos are illogical, right?  Do I need to get a bottle of wine here?”
“I was cross referencing the oral sex techniques I have used on you with what I just experienced. In order to better understand how to cause the sensation I’m intending and to predict your response.”
“Extremely few wish to pursue me after they witness my winning personality. Even rarer that I’m interested in anyone. And statistically improbable to find someone in both groups.”
John worked his way up the shaft, continuing to lick and suck and run his lips all over the length of him. Sherlock gripped one of John’s wrists and John turned it in his grasp to hold his hand. “Still doing ok?”
“Yeah, yeah, of course. But that’s not... So... hypothetically, if we suddenly went back to how things were before... I mean your preference is how things are now, but would it be... disappointing or upsetting to go back?”
“There he is. For future reference, checking out post coitus is not polite, Sherlock. If I didn’t know what you look like while you’re in your stupid mind palace, I might have thought you fell asleep on me. Though I supposed it would have been worse if it had been mid coitus. What was so important in there anyway?”
Sure enough, Sherlock woke him some time later. “John, John! Get up. We need to go out and test my hypothesis.”
“We were at uni. In my room and... high. We got rather int’rested in reducing the space between us. Then he... um, we... snogged.”
John snorted at that. He didn’t feel like one. “Not with this. Um... well, maybe it’s best you take off your trousers.”
John hesitated, not wanting to embarrass himself, but Sherlock looked so hopeful he couldn’t say no. “Fine, but it’s not my fault if your toes take all the repercussions.” He stepped forward and let Sherlock arrange his limbs where they were supposed to go.
Sherlock finally relaxed in the embrace and brought their foreheads together. “Still, it might be hilarious to see the horror on my parents’ faces if I told them that our tale of domestic bliss began the day you walked in on me masturbating on the settee.”
NOT someone who is afraid of him, nor someone who wants to.... dominate him? Or did he? What had Sherlock said exactly? The Woman would want him to beg, that he remembered clearly because she said it herself right in front of him. So no begging. Or humiliation. That was it.
“It’s a game, Sherlock,” John had protested, interrupting Sherlock’s rant about the game’s numerous deficiencies. “It’s supposed to be light and fun, not an accurate depiction of crime solving.”
“I didn’t, though. I… I didn’t think I’d get a reply, so I didn’t bother. But then you called me, so that worked out.”
Sherlock’s voice hardened at the end there, as did Greg’s jaw, his eyes growing flinty with old anger at Anderson’s mumbled comment one of the many times that Sherlock had pissed him off.
John stood up, masking his fear before opening the door. Not well enough for Mycroft not to notice his distress, but best spare him that detail. Mycroft entered the room almost instantly, closing the door behind him. John stood beside Sherlock, leaving the empty chair for Mycroft, if he wanted it, but Mycroft didn’t sit.
“Let’s just say that I should have been able to deduce from your bespoke suits and your public school air that you don’t actually need to share the flat to afford Mrs. Hudson’s rent.”
And a pleasant date it was. Conversation flowed easily and she charmed him. She’d heard of him and wanted to hear about interesting cases he’d worked on with Sherlock. He was happy to oblige. She was confidant and never seemed annoyed with the obvious fact that he spent a lot of time with his flatmate.
“While I’m sure you’re aware I enjoy costumes for a case, they don’t hold that particular kind of appeal. And yes, in fact I have tried suspension, in numerous positions. Upside down results in a headache if it goes on too long. I discontinued my exploration of suspension as I found it more trouble than it was worth, and I didn’t bother testing any toys to enhance the experience. So no nipple clamps. Do close your mouth, John. It’s not a flattering look.”
“It’s the most pleasant way I’ve found to distract you, by far.” He smiled fondly as he brought their foreheads together.
John eyed him. “I think you’re playing dumb, but never mind. So anyway, I didn’t know you could dance. You’ve never shown the slightest interest.”
“Well... I was a sad pathetic veteran trying to survive in London, and then I ran into Mike who introduced me to a mad genius with little hope of finding a flatmate. And he was the most brilliant man I’d ever met.”
Then one day there was a bit of a mishap. It was bound to happen that Sherlock would make one of his miraculous breakthroughs in front of other people. As luck would have, Lestrade was the person present when it did.
“John, stop. Who knows how long that apology would have gone on. As I was saying, yesterday you gave everyone the impression we are a romantic couple. Why did you do that?”
Sherlock swallowed nervously. “S-So... what-what would uh it um...” he stammered. “What exactly... is it that you’re... suggesting?”
Sherlock looked at him sideways. “Still curious, I see. You’ve been rather preoccupied with my sexual proclivities lately.”
“Shit, sorry. No. NO. Not at all. Really nothing like tha’. It’s jus’, it’s like you’re above it all. So. I’m a dick. Really, I don’ mean anything by it. Sorry. I’m stupid for ‘specting somesing exotic.”
Silence grew as they both fidgeted, then Sherlock spoke, “Perhaps it would be more familiar to you if we were laying on the bed with my back to your front. I believe people call it a reach around. Does it count as a reach around if you’re not actually penetrating me?”
And how would Sherlock feel about this? Would he even care? He’d seemed worried about it before. A bit anyway. What if he did care? What if separation would hurt him too? John’s stomach turned at thinking about hurting his friend. Wait, would Sherlock possibly be averse to continuing how they’d been if John were sleeping with a girlfriend? He didn’t seem to be the type for sexual jealousy. Jealous of his time, most definitely, but... It was all so confusing with the ifs and maybes. Fuck, how did everything get so complicated?
He looked surprised and a little tense, as if he didn’t have any idea how he’d gotten to be in this situation. His eyes were darting from his cock to John’s face, then flitting away in random directions as if uncertain where he was supposed to look. Finally he closed his eyes.
Sherlock snorted and went into the kitchen. He opened another bottle of wine and poured another glass for them each. John lifted an eyebrow. They didn’t ever go past the one bottle.
But he wouldn’t be so inconsiderate to his best friend. “Oh, fuck fuuuuuh, mmmm, Sherlo... Sherlock, not long now. You might, might wanna-“
The man’s eyes were closed and he wasn’t responding. “You have got to be joking. Sherlock. Now’s not the time be disappearing into your palace.” He shifted enough to get a hand between them and tweaked one of the idiot’s nipples.
“Not at you. I told you, I’m not worried to be seen with a man. I was still a little worked up on account of Greg acting like a giant knob.”
Immediately the looks of confusion switched to comprehension. Hillock let out a shocked whistle. Which was shortly followed by a shouted, “I bloody knew it!” from Murray.
“It’s starting to get dark. Maybe we should close the curtains. I don’t need the neighbors seeing this travesty. And I hope Mrs. Hudson doesn’t decide to come up right now. She’ll gush.”
“Oh. That’s... People don’t really agree on the definition of virgin. Depends on the person, I guess.”
Yet despite his gratitude, his enthusiastic enjoyment of Greg’s company, and the growing affection that he felt toward him, he couldn’t bring himself to cave to Greg’s silent desire and agree to a committed relationship. They had never wanted the same thing. They both knew this. Greg desired marriage and children. Mycroft did not. Greg wanted cheesy romantic gifts. Mycroft vehemently did not. While they were very compatible in the ways that Mycroft considered to be most important, they were sadly lacking in many areas that Greg considered to be of equal importance, and Mycroft wouldn’t doom him to future misery by demanding commitment when Mycroft couldn’t offer him all that he desired in a long term partner. Mycroft wasn’t even sure if he wanted a long-term partner himself. He had never even considered it before meeting Greg. So, regretfully, he made it clear that Greg should feel no compunction about terminating their relationship if he found someone more suitable. Greg resented the idea that their relationship could end at any moment, and assured Mycroft that he was happy, so Mycroft let it go. Yet it was Greg who let go first.
“You didn’t know what to look for,” Mrs. Hudson said, laying her hand on Sherlock’s other arm. “You used to be so convinced that all this was impossible. You’re always going on about needing to eliminate the impossible first when making deductions, so how were you supposed to get at it when you had already discounted it to begin with?”
“I know I don’t, but I do understand that it’s difficult. By all means, let it out, but just take a breath, okay? If Greg keeps being stumped, he will call you in. He always does, doesn’t he?”
Mycroft’s frown darkened, always so put out by Sherlock’s refusal to give into his whims. The frustrated expression would have normally filled Sherlock with delighted glee, but not today. This was too important.
He leaned forward, elbows on his legs, hands tapping at each other between his knees to show his eagerness. When John hesitated, eyes still narrowed as if unsure whether to believe Sherlock or not, Sherlock smiled in a thoroughly disarming way, burying the frustrated anticipation crawling under his skin. He wanted to see John transform already. Not that he could demand that. Of course not. If John changed his mind, then so be it.
John stroked his thumb along Sherlock’s back to punctuate his point. Sherlock gasped internally at the thrill of his touch. He had never been touched this much and for this long, not since he was a small child by his mother and Mycroft before things grew strained and bitter between them.
“I’m not… You can’t compare me to…” Sherlock curled up further on the sofa. “Oh, shut up, both of you.”
Actually, John could just go with the two of them. There was no need for Sherlock to subject himself to useless facts at all.
John dropped a piece of tomato as he transferred them to a bowl. His eyes widened, mouth falling open as he looked at Sherlock, flustered. Embarrassment burned through Sherlock, heating his cheeks. He had pushed too fast, been too presumptuous. Had John not admitted to being attracted to him only a week before? Doubtlessly, he was still managing his disappointment at Sherlock’s rejection and such close intimacy would make it harder to banish it, petting in seal form aside.
Mycroft sat down on Sherlock’s sorry excuse for a sofa and crossed his legs at the knee, looking out the window with a resigned sigh.
… was a doctor. Five years for medical school. Two years for foundational training. He mentioned a surgery so he must be a GP, so three more years for that training. Two years living in this house given its lived in state.
“I’m not fretting. I’m only making sure you’re alright. I have the feeling that you tend to do as you please, no matter what people tell you.”
“Listen to your doctor, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, which curdled Sherlock’s mood even further. He slowed down only for John’s sake, not Mycroft’s. The same car that had brought Sherlock sat waiting at the curb. Sherlock and John got into the backseat, John helping him in like usual.
Said knees protested as he stood up, joints stiff as he ambled to the sofa. Those would be aching for a while, but it was worth it. Greg followed him and hopped on the sofa beside him. Mycroft stared. His hair would get all over the cushions. Mycroft would have to clean them off with a lint brush, and it would be near impossible to get them all. Greg seemed to divine his thought, for he jumped off and gazed at Mycroft imploringly, head low and tail between his legs. Oh for…
That was the only appropriate thing to say under these circumstances, wasn’t it? John nodded, lips tight.
The weekend passed much too quickly. Sherlock returned to London on Monday morning in the midst of commuter traffic, but no way was he wasting an extra night by coming back early. Mrs. Hudson received him with crumpets from his favorite bakery and tickets to another concert on Tuesday. Leaving John still stung. The flat felt much too empty. Mrs. Hudson might be there, but she wasn’t John.
“Have you called mummy yet?” Mycroft asked, ignoring Sherlock’s snippiness. Of course that’s what this call was about.
“I am grateful for the medical attention, but I wish you’d tell me the truth instead of insisting that my hallucination was real.”
“Oh, I would. Also, since I am going to be living here now, there’s a little something we need to change.”
“A friend? Oh, how wonderful. I’ve never seen you have a friend other than Inspector Lestrade. But you don’t even call him by his first name.”
“Customarily, I don’t mind people seeing me naked. But it…” Swallowing, Sherlock looked down, picking at the blanket in front of his crossed legs. “It gets complicated when I think that they’re… Well, if they’re…”
He seemed on the verge of either raising his fists in the air and jumping up and down or collapsing in a startled heap on the floor. Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft got up and stood together in the middle of the sitting room.
“You have to follow your passions. Else your spirit will shrivel up and life will be a relentless agony, then what is the point of living at all? Your people don’t play instruments. I don’t see how you could have possibly stayed there without going mad.”
“Good point,” Sherlock said. “It was immensely stupid to trust a stranger like that. Think better of it next time.”
“I can’t believe this,” he said, turning away, jaw clenched, breath tight. “You’re the smartest person I’ve ever met. How can you be so monumentally stupid?”
That was John’s quiet, “you need to calm down and breathe” tone. Sherlock huffed through his nose and stomped out into the sitting room, pacing in little circles, left hand shaking at his side.
Sherlock’s enthusiasm tempered a little as he opened his door. He had resisted showing John the flat through a video call since John decided that he’d rather get his first impression once he was there in person. Perhaps that hadn’t been the best idea. It made too much of a fuss over the whole thing. Although maybe he should have organized a bit, for John’s neat nature showed in his eyes as he got a look at the sitting room and its scattered odds and ends.
“Good morning, you two,” Mrs. Hudson said, meeting them at the bottom of the staircase. “John, it’s so good to see you again.”
“Thanks for that compliment,” he said, a pleased smile on his face. “I’m still not happy about you dismissing everyone else like that, but… Although some are idiots. But that’s not the point. Anyway. If there is something that I’m doing that is a genuine problem—my teeth brushing doesn’t count—you can tell me. And, likewise, I’ll tell you. But don’t worry about these little things. I don’t mind if you vent every once in a while. Who doesn’t? You can just relax about that, okay?”
“To keep my brother away form a possibly dangerous influence,” Mycroft said, as impassive as before.
When the sun began to dim in the horizon, John shifted to human form and got dressed. They returned to his house, where John began to cook dinner. Sherlock sat on the sofa at first, trying to continue his book, but the words kept slipping past his sight as his thoughts returned to the act of touching John so freely and how John interpreted that. Sherlock had only touched him that way when John was in seal form, so John couldn’t think that Sherlock was coming on to him, surely. Yet the doubt nagged at him.
“You were bleeding,” John said, stumbling over the words, looking to the side instead of at Sherlock. “You had a head wound. You needed immediate attention. I couldn’t take care of you in my seal form. Speaking of, you really shouldn’t be sitting on the floor. Let me help you up.”
“I’m sorry, alright?” he said. “I didn’t get in the cab. Please come back. I’m sorry. I… I need you.”
He was lying on John’s chest back in his house, arms wrapped around his torso. He had refused to let him go for more than a few minutes since he pulled up outside in one of Mrs. Hudson’s cars. She had lent it to him so that he wouldn’t have to pay the train fare or be beholden to their timetable. John brushed his hair, the lack of difference in his gentle motion at Sherlock’s revelation indicating that he didn’t believe him.
But Sherlock bit his tongue. John wasn’t apologizing. It had taken Sherlock so long to understand that people used this phrase to mean “I’m sad to hear that”, even though they weren’t actually sad half of the time that they used it. But John did look sad. It wasn’t pity or a fake show of sympathy. The sorrow shadowing John’s face wasn’t only for Sherlock losing his friend, but for himself, for the past that he held back from Sherlock as if it might burn him to show it too close to the surface. What had happened to him? Why wasn’t he with his kind anymore?
Mycroft yanked on Sherlock’s hand, but he ceased trying to escape as Sherlock spoke. His spooked eyes didn’t leave John for a moment. John had stopped a couple of yards from them, sitting up on his flippers, calm and inoffensive.
Did John mind not sleeping in the same bed with him? If he did, not enough to say, so Sherlock should take that as a “no” and quit fussing about it like Mrs. Hudson had told him to. He could hear her kindly, yet firm, voice now.
The end of those twenty minutes arrived much too soon. With immense reluctance, they untangled themselves and got up. They lingered close to each other as they got ready to leave, which was a rushed affair since they had squeezed out as much bed time as they could. They stopped by the café, grabbed two egg sandwiches, and drove to the train station. There were only about ten minutes left before Sherlock’s train departed, so there was no need for John to park the car and accompany him to the platform, but he insisted.
Sherlock awoke the next morning with an ecstatic feeling of well-being and joy. John was already downstairs making breakfast. They hadn’t shared the bed to sleep. That was a bit too much, too fast after so many years of not sleeping with anyone for both of them, but Sherlock opened himself up to the possibility of doing so one day soon, perhaps before he returned to London. The thought of leaving punctured his happiness a bit, but he shook it off. Never mind that. He was here now with a half-awake John, who stood by the stove in a well-worn, white t-shirt and blue pajama bottoms, hair tousled, a strand sticking straight up. He turned toward Sherlock as he entered the kitchen, smiling.
“I am,” John said. He spoke quickly, flustered and appeasing, no longer holding a brave front against Mycroft. “I swear. I’m not going to hurt him or do anything that could hurt him. Neither of you have anything to worry about.”
“No. Other than the cracked paint on this door, but you’ll be moving out soon, so no need to fuss over it. Are you going to let me in?”
Sherlock obliged his request for attention, yet he didn’t delight in Mycroft’s affront this time. Had Sherlock himself not been any less cynical? They were about to implode Mycroft’s world view around his ears. Sherlock should probably apologize. He almost did.
There was a nervous tremor in his voice. He had gone a little pale, too. What could Greg possibly have to be nervous about? The only thing that John had told him that required any secrecy was about his family and being a selkie, but how could either of these things have any bearing on their reaction to each other?
“No,” he said, too quickly. “Well, a bit. You weren’t exaggerating when you said that your organizational skills are the opposite of mine.”
“I’m glad to hear that your people are so reasonable about that. I wish mine were, though it’s too much to ask that they be reasonable about much of anything.”
The touched expression on Greg’s face made Sherlock want to flee the room or jump into his arms for a hug and then flee the room. He chose the hug, but without any fleeing, squeezing him harder than he’d anticipated and receiving just as firm a hold. He stepped back shyly, head down, shrinking back toward the sofa, although he didn’t sit. John hovered at his side, a silent, approving figure. Greg’s surprised, joyful smile remained, enhancing Sherlock’s wish to escape the awkwardness of it all. His heart was beating too hard and his skin was itchy. He felt dangerously close to floating away somehow, irrational thought though it was.
John accused him of being a human shaped cat for how much Sherlock draped himself over him whenever he could. As if John didn’t do the same himself. The face nuzzles were his idea, as was standing still, forehead to forehead, nose to nose, soaking in the pleasant silence of each other’s breaths. And John had been the one to begin the massages, no longer hiding behind the excuse of checking Sherlock’s injured ankle to rub and stroke the healthy one, smiling as Sherlock wiggled his toes in encouragement. Nor was that the only one of Sherlock’s stims that John enjoyed. When Sherlock waved his fingers about while listening to music, John would regard him with a bemused smile on his face. Yet not as if Sherlock were a piece of entertainment or some nutter, like so many idiots did. He watched his fingers with the same joyful curiosity as when Sherlock explained his mental process during a case. As if he were seeing something beautiful that he was privileged to witness.
He pulled up the regular phone app and stared at the screen. Mycroft would be at the Diogenes Club right now, sitting in the lounge reading the papers, agonizing with worry over Sherlock, as he always claimed to be. Huffing out a breath, Sherlock dialed his number and put the phone to his ear. There was no point texting him. He’d be calling him in a second to check that John wasn’t trampling on Sherlock’s oh so fragile feelings, as Mycroft believed them to be.
“I think so, yes. If John was offering me comfort, why would I have rejected it? Especially with my lack of prospects.”
“Fine,” Mycroft said, waving a conciliatory hand as he stood up. “I’ll bring him in so you can ask away.”
“That’s fine. I don’t have friends, either. I have acquaintances. So we’re both in a category of one. That feels like a lot of pressure.”
“Of course it is. You’ve been pining over him for four years and you’re backing down now? Why? At his age, what are the chances that he’ll be able to find someone else and have kids with them, and still have the energy to run around after them? Children, particularly small ones, require a lot of it, from what I understand. His chances of being a father are rather thin, at this rate, unless he just gets anyone pregnant.”
“How do you put up with me, Mrs. Hudson?” he asked, loosening his legs enough to grip the cup in his hands without spilling.
, he reprimanded himself. How could she possibly suspect that there had been a selkie and a werewolf in her building three days ago? She probably just thought that Sherlock had a secret pet or something. There was absolutely nothing to worry about.
“We’re not discounting the choice you made,” Mycroft said. “Not at all. We know it was difficult for you.”
“You know, that’s not really how that’s supposed to work. You really should go to your GP. Or to a hospital.”
That hope flowered now. Was this the start of a redressing of grievances, of Greg returning to him more fully than either of them had dared to try since? Could he at least have Greg’s physical affection in this form even if he couldn’t in the other? It fell far short of what Mycroft wanted, but a peace he hadn’t experienced in far too long soothed his mind as he pet Greg. Greg’s eyes were closed, tail wagging lazily, muscles relaxed in gentle, trusting repose.
A few moments after Mycroft left, John came in, looking no less agitated than when Sherlock had arrived. His tense jaw and guarded eyes softened as he closed the door and turned to Sherlock, but he didn’t sit, too restless to do so. If it weren’t for this damn ankle, Sherlock would be pacing right alongside him.
Sherlock sprawled out on the bed with a long-suffering sigh. John rolled his eyes but kept smiling. As soon as he climbed into bed, Sherlock snuggled up to his chest and began covering him in little kisses. So soft and warm and comfortable. How had he ever lived without this strong body wrapped around his? For John’s arms rose automatically to encircle him, rubbing down Sherlock’s back, delicious fingertips stroking away the tension coiled in his muscles. Sherlock rubbed John’s chest with his cheeks, grasping his waist, smiling as he lingered over John’s heart and heard it beat in his ear, one of the most precious heartbeats in the world. If only John could be here all the time so that he could always have a chance to listen to it.
“Yes, I can see that. Pardon me for eavesdropping, but I saw how you behaved after I left the car.” Mycroft turned toward John, who had been observing the two of them with desperate hope pleading in his eyes. “I hope you realize how rare it is for my brother to be so demonstrative towards anyone.”
Speaking of fussing, Sherlock’s ridiculous worrying was interrupted by Mrs. Hudson calling. She had been in contact every day since Sherlock had informed her that he was injured and would tarry getting back to London, as if her constant hovering might prompt him into returning sooner. Lestrade snitching that he had almost been murdered only made her nagging worse. Sometimes she called, which he ignored, then she texted, asking how he was doing, if he wasn’t working his ankle too hard, drinking enough water, all the usual Mrs. Hudson stuff that he complained about to her face but secretly appreciated, not that he would ever admit that to her. If he did, it would only get worse and he’d never get her out of his flat.
“Yes.” Greg looked sadly at him. “I need to get Susan out of my head first. I don’t want her in there when I’m with you. If I’m with you. I don’t… I shouldn’t promise you anything. I want to. I really do, but—”
Sherlock grimaced in sympathy. Sherlock had suffered through some mediocre spots, as he was now with his current composition, but to not be able to play at all, to yearn to produce music yet completely lack the ability to do so must be the most wretched feeling.
“How have you been?” Greg asked, adopting the best casual expression that he could muster, which wasn’t nearly enough to disguise the worry in his eyes, the knowledge that if Mycroft answered with something negative, it was likely to be his fault. So Mycroft chose to avoid the question.
Sherlock spent more time than ever at the lab at Barts until he got sick of the place, something which he hadn’t thought was possible. When was chemical research not joyful and stimulating? The criminals of London continued to be boring, so no help there. Maybe another fascinating crime would arise in Dover, but what were the chances of that happening any time soon? Infodumping to Mrs. Hudson about the latest thing he had read got boring after a while, as did watching telly. He tried to read, but only managed it in fits and starts. He sent Mycroft pictures of ugly outfits to annoy him, but it backfired, as Sherlock was also horrified by the visual travesty. Walking helped. The fresh air. Exercise. The soothing balm of pleasing architecture and the rumble of city life. Yet as soon as he returned home and the walls shut themselves up around him, he wanted to curl up into a ball.
Still, there were a lot of loopholes open to him, actions that didn’t involve coaxing, pushing, or harassing. Sherlock was allowed to talk to Greg. They were friends, after all, and that’s what friends did.
Once he was back in London, Sherlock would do his best to delete this whole incident and be free from this madness.
John lopped in front of him to the bedroom and hopped atop the bed, barking softly at Sherlock to hurry in an amusing reversal of yesterday. Sherlock stretched out beside him, draping a leg over John, who continued nuzzling his neck and chest. This playful cuddling continued until one of them had to go to the loo. Then they might as well eat breakfast.
“I think you’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen, too. You already were one of them when I first met you, to be honest, but you’re definitely it now. I stare at the pictures of you on my mobile all the time.”
“I do. Several. They’re great for costumes. Do let yourself in next time. Why should I or Mrs. Hudson have to open the door for you when you have your own key?”
John’s voice rose sharply as his patience neared its breaking point. Why was it so important for him to uphold this fantasy?
“I still don’t want children. I am no more a suitable candidate for you now than I was four years ago. Even when you are recovered from Susan’s betrayal, you would be better off seeking a romantic companion elsewhere. Romance, of course, is something else that I cannot provide.”
Now it was John’s turn to blush. He looked down at his lap with a smile so pleased that it bordered on shy.
“No more apologies,” he said, meting Mycroft’s eyes. “What do you want, then? I should have asked that earlier instead of just assuming things.”
Sherlock thought back to his discussion with John. His eager smiles. His earnest gaze, firmly reassuring Sherlock that he cared about Sherlock more than that one activity. The warmth in Sherlock’s own belly at the lack of subterfuge in his caring eyes.
“You’ve always come out alright,” Greg said. “But chances run out. John can’t be there to save you every time. You left him behind, too.”
“Of course not. What do you take me for? You may be the definition of annoying, but I’m stuck with you. I do…”
Sherlock turned on his heel, yet he couldn’t look John in the eyes, not with him looking so remorseful and imploring while discomfort crawled in Sherlock’s treacherous skin.
Greg returned to the sofa and lied down, head on Mycroft’s lap, making that howling sound again. When was the last time that his head had been in Mycroft’s lap? Seven months into their relationship, perhaps, when Greg had stretched himself along the sofa as they watched a film, claiming that Mycroft made a good pillow. Mycroft had stroked his hair much as he was doing now, and mused that perhaps it wouldn’t be so bad to do this for the rest of his life. The experience was distinctly different now, and not only because Greg was shaped like a wolf and not a man. Or because his hair was of a different texture and he couldn’t speak in words. Four years had gone by since the last time that they cuddled or kissed, since Mycroft had held him and made his body sing. Mycroft had endured unexpected heartbreak twice over since then, when Greg had found Susan and when he left her. He had shared Greg’s former joy with wistful regret and mourned his pain with treacherous hope.
A smile jerked on John’s lips. Sherlock relaxed. That was one potential crisis averted. John began to move toward the kitchen. Sherlock yanked off his jacket. That part of the flat could wait until later. Much later. Until after Sherlock reminded John why he liked him so much. Both Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson had been hounding him to get rid of his specimens and he hadn’t listened, but he was aware that certain things put normal people off the mood. John stopped midstep the moment that Sherlock draped his jacket over the back of an armchair, curiosity replaced with a far more exciting interest.
A sigh escaped Mycroft’s throat as he lowered the mobile. He really had wished to say yes. But it was better this way. He couldn’t err again, not with Greg.
He deposited Sherlock gently on the sofa, making sure that his ankle was well raised on a cushion. He placed another cushion behind Sherlock’s back.
“Anger isn’t the reaction I’m afraid of,” Greg muttered. “I’ll tell you, okay? In the sitting room. I need to sit down.”
Why was Mrs. Hudson peering at him like that? She didn’t look like she was trying to catch him at a lie, was she? Had her tone been a bit more pointed when she described the latter hairs? John’s seal hairs? Damn it, Sherlock should have thought of that. Maybe he should do his own sweeping from now on. Oh, who was he kidding? He wasn’t going to do that.
It was with an apprehensive, mournful heart that he vibrated the strings on the last note and lowered the instrument, bowing low to John’s familiar yet always welcome applause. When he raised his head, he nearly gasped at the tender and touched affection that John directed at him.
John peered at him closely, suspecting that Sherlock was hiding something. Sherlock could see it in his eyes, and he begged mentally for John to let it go, to not go there tonight. When John nodded, smiling as he turned to sit back on the sofa, Sherlock exhaled in glad relief.
Due to John working the next day, they delayed Sherlock’s move until the day after that, which was Saturday. John picked him up at 9:30, this time going up to his room to help him with his luggage. His eyes lit up with excitement upon seeing Sherlock’s violin case in his hand.
“By our standards, I suppose. He’s being as irritating as always. I spent an entire day last week being subjected to him sending me photographs of the most hideous outfits.”
They didn’t have sex that night, but a very satisfying snogging session was in order. It thoroughly sabotaged Mycroft’s determination that this should be a one time thing. Greg asked him out on another date. Due to their hectic schedules, they weren’t able to get together again for two weeks, but the passage of time only strengthened Mycroft’s attraction towards Greg, who didn’t cease to text him throughout. Even something as simple as Greg inquiring after his wellbeing touched him more deeply than he’d ever thought possible. His parents were the only ones who ever asked about his health. It was rare for Sherlock to do so these days, and mostly when he needed something. The phrase “How are you?” was such a staple of small talk that it often had no meaning at all. Yet Greg meant it. He genuinely cared. They had shared one day together, one snog. Not much at all. Yet it hardly felt like little.
Mycroft had shown Greg some of the tapes after much cajoling. Despite his embarrassment about showing Greg his younger, much less fit self, Greg had been charmed and called him “adorable”. Mycroft had never enjoyed the appellation before, but when it came from Greg cheerfully smiling and eyes sparkling with genuine appreciation, Mycroft had felt a blush creep up the back of his neck and awe burn in his belly.
No! What was he doing? He closed the tab of the Wikipedia entry on selkies, stabbing at the touchpad. He had to forget all this. Reading about it would only make it worse. He had to forget.
“I understand that John isn’t going to attack me. It’s just taking me a little time to process the shock of all this. I doubt you did any better.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said the instant that he heard them start going down the stairs. “I’m really sorry. I didn’t know you would get so angry. I was just trying to keep you safe.”
“I’m not terribly neat. I mean, I like to keep things in order, but… You’re saying that you’re messy? I have noticed that. You do tend to leave things about randomly.”
“I always knew that Greg was a very fair-minded individual. I assumed that it came from his upbringing, and it seems I was correct. Only, it goes beyond that. He never has approved of what he calls my high handed tactics.”
Mycroft gazed across the room, soothing himself with the verdant landscape of the painting he had placed there.
“I have been working on a new composition,” he said. “But I don’t see how I could possibly focus on it now. It’s about sea creatures, and thinking about the sea reminds me of Dover, which reminds me of John.”
Visiting Sherlock had been a rude awakening and a blessing. He had been expecting his brother’s implacable curiosity, resentment, and demands to know everything about Mycroft’s relationship with Greg. As well as being yelled at for keeping it secret for so long. But not to be so convincingly upbraided for his liking to retain as much control as he possibly could. He had never thought that he had been controlling Sherlock by watching over him. Sherlock had always resisted any attempt to do so from anybody. Much less had Mycroft thought that he was controlling Greg’s actions by emphasizing that he didn’t consider himself to be the best fit for him. If Mycroft had clung to him four years ago, wouldn’t Greg had grown to resent him and left, anyway? Were the circumstances truly so different now? Both Greg and Sherlock thought so. And how much of this was truly about Mycroft’s own dislike of losing control? To love someone was precisely to lose control. Mycroft, like Sherlock, had always found his levels of empathy and emotion to be different from those around him. People referred to him as the ice man because they found him cold and distant. While others were brought down by the latest tragedy in the news, he maintained a cool head and felt no urge whatsoever to coo in pity and tweet about how horrible it all was. Such distant rationality was essential in his job, yet even his own colleagues were secretly disturbed by how unfeeling they found him.
But not the segment of great white sharks hunting seals. John flinched when they were mentioned, his shoulders hunching and distressed gaze falling to the ground as he scrambled for the remote at his side, handing it to Sherlock.
“Yeah, I know. I just hate that I have to hurt you to do it. I really wish that… But we are who we are. We can’t change that.”
“Oh, it’s hardly free. But yes, her discount is very generous. I can also get us extra large portions of chips at a place not far from here. It’s delicious. And free plumbing, though that is less likely to interest you.”
Sherlock nodded shakily, keeping a watchful eye on John, who took another look at Sherlock’s bandages to make sure nothing was amiss.
“Yeah.” John squeezed his hand, giving him a reassuring smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “It’s okay. We knew it was coming. And you need to get back to work. You’ve been going stir-crazy. You haven’t said anything, but I can tell. So when are you leaving? Tomorrow? The day after?”
“You say ‘that’ a lot. Yes, have observed the indicators of your habits and can deduce some information about your.... um... frequency, duration, some... subjective preferences, environmental factors that influence when you want to do ‘that’.”
“God, that’s so bloody sweet, I’m going to be sick,” Hillock mimed retching. “But seriously, what... you know, sealed the deal?”
“For fuck’s sake, Sherlock! Your body’s begging for a tension release. You’re used to being able to masturbate on the regular. At this point, the distraction
“I never did get to reciprocate,” he reminded John cheerfully, though it was tinted with a bit of false nonchalance. His hands were clasped behind his back, one of his tells. Nervous, though not overly so. “And I inadvertently caused tonight’s misfortune. I could perhaps lessen the disappointment.”
John combed his finger through Sherlock’s hair. “I don’t plan on stopping. Jesus, this is the oddest conversation I’ve ever had.” John kissed his friend, urgently trying to express his affection so Sherlock never felt unwanted. “Would you describe how you feel about me as love?”
Another change in Sherlock showed itself one afternoon when the two of them had just returned home after closing a case that had had a rather exciting conclusion. They made their way up the stairs, joking and laughing, adrenaline still singing in their veins.
Then they were kissing again. Kissing and laughing and rolling about. John wasn’t sure how long they kept at it, but eventually they slowed for a moment. Sherlock’s face hovered over his own. His eyes were bright and he wore a happy grin that John felt compelled to mirror. His hair was in wild disarray. It was like when he’d spend all day moping on the sofa in his pajamas and then suddenly spring up announcing they had a case, a good one, and what are you waiting for John the game is on, oh, it’s Christmas!
Finally, he too settled in for a good night’s rest. His last thought before he fell asleep was how bad it sounded that he had to drug Sherlock to sleep with him for the first time.
“Oh.. my.. fuuuuu...” Sherlock breathed in stuttering quick tempo. He clenched his fingers into the bedsheets and reveled in the new sensation between his legs.
“I can’t stop my mind, John! How can I possibly concentrate on what my body is doing when the case is right there, unsolved, and waiting for me? It doesn’t work. My body is betraying me. Neither it nor my mind will function while the other clamors for control!”
How could he possibly explain that to this woman if they started a relationship? What would he say? ‘Yes, my flatmate and I shag sometimes, but we’re just friends.’ So far Ava wasn’t threatened by Sherlock’s prominent place in his life, but he doubted she’d be happy he was sleeping with someone else. They hadn’t gotten around to discussing their views on open relationships, but the probabilities were not good.
“You make no sense! Rather than doing something about your little problem,” Sherlock’s back straightened at the word ‘little’, “-and by ‘doing something’ I mean a very pleasurable activity which I have personal knowledge that you are skilled at- you’d prefer to torture your body into submission just to save a few minutes!” John threw his hands in the air and sat on the nearby sofa.
Sherlock thought about how to answer the question for a minute before speaking. “I’d never had a best friend before. And then... well, he’s a doctor. Quite good with his hands.”
Sherlock stopped pulling that act he did when the topic of sex was brought up. You know, the one where he blinks in a confused ‘this is not a conversation I know how to navigate safely’ sort of way. Or sometimes he just pretends it’s beneath his notice and changes the subject. Yeah, that stopped. At least around John.
Abruptly John stood up and those eyes snapped back open. “It’ll be better with lube. I need to go get some. And you might want to take off that posh shirt unless you want to explain to the dry cleaners what happened.”
“You know the unit still talks about you,” said Murray. “Biggest mystery of all time how Watson managed to snatch up a lady wherever we went. Short ugly bugger like him.”
“I...I’m not... I don’t know how to tell if that’s... I don’t think...” Sherlock shook his head, but John could tell it was in frustration rather than indicating an answer.
“You’re brother asked me if we were going to get married once. The very first time he kidnapped me, in fact.”
And it felt good. The tension drained from him. It was like he’d been holding himself in parade rest and now he could finally relax. He slid his arm around Sherlock’s back and pulled him closer. The other man got the hint and tangled his legs with Johns.
John shuffled down to settle between Sherlock’s legs. “I wonder how my mouth would feel here then.” And he tenderly sucked and licked at first one testicle and then the other.
John giggled. “Can’t say I know how that feels. It’s always on my front side. I’ll clean us up in a minute.”
“It’s his business, not something I should be telling people. Bloody buggering fuck, I’ve been drinking and... shit.”
“Look, I know I should never have done that. We never talked about letting people know and I really appreciate you being a good sport about it-“
Sherlock slept until the morning’s first light assaulted his eyes. The two of them had shifted in the night and John was now holding him from behind. It called to mind the first time John had touched him naked like this. In fact... almost exactly like this. He could feel John’s morning erection against his arse. Well, now... that was stimulating. He felt his cock start to thicken and he chuckled at his own body.
He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He still wasn’t sure how to approach this, but clearly they needed some communication here. He suspected Sherlock was going to say ‘since your date’, but changed it. Perhaps he was worried about how it would affect them after all.
See, some of the people who knew Sherlock had copped on to this little quirk of his and liked to play a game of making Sherlock uncomfortable.  A fact, no doubt, that Sherlock had noticed. But that was no longer going to work. John’s favorite example happened one afternoon when they bumped into none other than their favorite DI Lestrade at John’s local.
“Noooooo. They were all twats. Name calling n insults. Didn’t jus’ say I was gay. Said it like it was d’sgusting.”
‘What does it matter if I come into your bedroom? You can’t possibly be worried about me seeing you naked. What do principles have to do with it? No,
The sun was fully up now and Sherlock was freshly showered and dressed by the look of him.  John obligingly stumbled to the bathroom to have his shower, heedless of the eyes that followed his still nude form.
He opened his eyes after the pulses faded away to find Sherlock’s head up and eyes open, his hand still gently cupping him. Sherlock met John’s gaze, smiling happily and looking proud of his accomplishment. John reached out and rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s rosy lips. “Clever lad. Bloody gorgeous that.”
“Yes, of course.” John smiled. “None of what we did yesterday would have happened if we weren’t friends.”
“If it were, I would have made it clear before now. I like sex, but I don’t need it. As long as I get plenty of this,” John rubbed Sherlock’s back smiling, “I’ll be more than okay, trust me.”
He didn’t wait for John’s reply. His bedroom door shut behind him, handle clasped in shaky fingers. He rushed to the opposite wall and leaned his forehead against it, muffling a groan of infuriated despair into the towel. He was being so bloody ridiculous. Of course John hadn’t meant to do that. Of course not. And now he thought that Sherlock blamed him. Was probably afraid of him. But he’d had to get away. He couldn’t be there in the room with him until he calmed down and banished these thoughts, this old insecurity, this instinctual fear and need to escape whenever someone looked like him like that. Why did he have to react like that with John? He had no need to fear John. He knew that. His mind knew that. Why couldn’t he have control over his own mind?
He should pause and take down a notation as the composition sprung to his mind, but he would lose the moment, and he wasn’t too keen on preserving this one yet. It was still too rushed, too malformed. It had been clattering against the walls of his skull for days now, a sudden spring of inspiration here and there, but refusing to coalesce into a coherent whole.
Mycroft ordered Sherlock not to harass Greg about this, but he didn’t actually expect Sherlock to obey him, did he? Then again, Sherlock didn’t want to jeopardize his friendship with Greg. Although the years had shown that Sherlock could be an insufferable pain in the arse and Greg would still associate with him. But he might withhold future wolf cuddles. Sherlock had enjoyed those. A lot. But he couldn’t just sit on his hands and be patient without any more indication on whether or not Greg would transition from friend to brother-in-law. How could Mycroft and John even speak of patience as if it were oh so easy to achieve? Sherlock had to keep mum about Mycroft’s perspective on the affair to John, but John had heard some more from Greg himself, also sworn to secrecy.
“You haven’t had friends since Victor moved away. That was years ago. You haven’t seemed interested.”
Sherlock sensed that John was giving him time to process the devastation that was his shattered perception of the world. He wasn’t sure whether to feel grateful or even more foolish for not considering what should have been impossible.
“That was amazing,” John said, filled with admiration. “Wow. I knew it was going to be great. All of your compositions I‘ve heard so far have been, but that was even better than I expected. Wow. Thank you.”
“No. I didn’t mean… I don’t blame you. I don’t even blame him, really. He’s being a good brother, I suppose. You’re involved in plenty of dangerous situations. I do seem quite the dodgy character from his perspective.” John sat down with a tired sigh. “So what’s the plan? How do we get him to back down?”
“It’s alright,” John said. “There’s no need to explain. I get it. Don’t worry. I’m not going to be offended or hurt or anything if you’re never comfortable being naked with me.”
Once they had stripped down to their pants, Sherlock took John’s hand and led him to his bedroom. John took a quick glance around the room, but his attention swiftly returned to Sherlock, where it belonged. Sherlock lied down first, scooching back to give John space to join him. They wrapped themselves around each other, legs twined, arms surrounding torsos. John tucked his head under Sherlock’s chin, face pressed comfortably to his chest. The warm gust of his breath drew a shiver of joy through Sherlock’s body. He shut his eyes, brushing his lips along the delightful softness of John’s hair.
“I’d rather satisfy as much of his curiosity as I can now and get it over with. Besides, you were just as nosy, remember?”
“Right,” Mrs. Hudson said, turning back to John, who was watching her so intently that Sherlock could almost feel him vibrating. “John, I offer you a place in our clan. Do you accept?”
“I’m not going to change my mind again and demand that you return me to my hotel. What didn’t you like?”
Something silly and loud was on the telly, one of the movies that John kept trying to get him into. Sherlock watched the antics of the improbably armored Iron Man, followed by another movie with even more ridiculously attired superheroes. They proved to be more entertaining than he anticipated. Certainly better than trash telly. Tony Stark’s depressed air and single minded focus to escape the demons in his own mind with a special project that no one else understood the importance of was certainly relatable. That was unexpected.
But Greg wasn’t looking at him. He was peering over his shoulder at John, who had a similar look of surprise as he looked at Greg.
“We’re not really labeling it, as we’re attracted to each other in different ways. John’s bi. It’s romantic on his side. Platonic on mine. I’m also aromantic. I’m attracted to him in other ways, too, but not that. Do you know what aromantic means?”
Great. A creature of legend, who had been said to enchant men for centuries, found Sherlock’s music beautiful. Sherlock should be flattered. He was flattered. The praise of strangers never mattered to him, but John had saved him from a humiliating death, so “stranger” felt like the wrong term to use with him. Acquaintance fell far short, too. Never mind that Sherlock was supposed to forget about him altogether. He could fabricate a false memory in his place. That was possible. He’d never accomplished it, but he’d heard of it. Then he wouldn’t mentally flinch every time that his wounds hurt or he had to change a bandage or Mr. Hudson cooed over him getting hurt.
