Dean grabbed a feather from the bedside table and repeated the random touches, trailing the feather across Cas’s skin. When he hit a particularly sensitive spot (such as Cas’s nipples, ribcage, feet, forearms and the back of his neck), Cas would suck in air and shiver.
But Dean knows.
He can’t stop himself from thinking in circles and it festers like a wound he didn’t know he had. And —
The first time Dean was injured in a hunt, it was passionate, but not rough. That one time he pissed Cas off? Rough, but it didn’t scratch the itch. When Dean did something stupid and almost got himself killed that one time? Well, that was pretty close.
Dean found Cas on the couch, feet propped up on the coffee table with a laptop balanced on his thighs. Cool, calm, collected - everything that Dean was not in that moment. Dean grabbed the remote and turned on the TV, plopping his butt down on the opposite end of the couch.
yours
Cas’ hands moved, but not in the direction of Dean’s needy hole, like he hoped. Instead, Dean’s eyes tracked Cas’ hands as he reached his lube-slick fingers around —
“Sarcasm will not keep you alive, Dean.”
They’ll figure it out. They always do.
“Why -
you, Dean.”
Dean leaned over and blew up the length of Cas’s cock, now hanging heavy below his stomach. Dean took Cas into his cold mouth, sucking on the head and tongue dragging on the shaft as his head bobbed up and down. His hands, still warm from the HotHands pack, moved up to toy with Cas’s hard nipples.
“Is this what you wanted, Dean?” Cas asks as his fingers stroke and prod Dean’s prostate.
Dean rounded a corner and heard the girl’s bone-chilling screams at the end of the long corridor. His adrenaline spiked and he charged into the room guns blazing, only to find a ritual with not one, but
“Dean.”
Castiel's mind supplies an image of the two of them, Sam with his hands out pleading for Dean to be reasonable about...
“I left Dean, isn’t it obvious?”
Dean’s dreamed about it so many times and yet, his wildest fantasies don’t hold a candle to this.
And again.
Dean and Sam redoubled their efforts, called in a few favors from the hunting network and then they didn’t need to stay much longer at Devil’s Gate.
He leans against the bar next to her and waves the bartender over.
After he preheated the oven and gathered the utensils, Dean moved seamlessly around the kitchen, chopping vegetables, whipping up a homemade barbecue sauce, skillfully avoiding Cas' narrowed gaze. When his back was to Cas, Dean made a conscious effort to flex his arms and shoulder muscles as he moved. When he placed the pan of barbecue chicken in the oven, he bent at the waist, thrusting his ass in Cas' direction...and you bet your bottom dollar he stayed there as long as reasonably possible.
“CAS!”
Cas topped only once before and he was slower than molasses in January for fear of hurting Dean. Dean loved every minute, of course, but he wanted…more. More heat, more fire, more passion. So, he’s getting what he asked for, in a way.
Well, that makes sense. Of course Cas would be pissed at Dean for not asking him to join them.
“Dean,” Castiel said his name like it was a verbal eye roll. “If you can get out of a rear chokehold, you can certainly do it from the front. Think!”
sans gender,
But Dean doesn’t look any of those things.
Dean was alone for a few minutes, trying to get his head to stop spinning, before hearing the muffled sound of a warehouse door slam open. He shook his head, trying to clear out the cobwebs in his brain and his cotton-filled ears. He remembers seeing Castiel’s outline and trenchcoat whirling toward him before he touched two fingers to Dean’s forehead and –
— those wait for no man.
He wasn’t going to last. No man on Earth could have two fingers in his ass, watching his cock sliding in one, and not want to blow his load immediately. He resorted to begging.
“Nothin’,” Dean shrugged, pulling his feet out of Cas' personal space. “Just getting warmed up for tonight, that’s all.”
Much to his dismay, Charlie left a day later.
Things are easier now.
Okay, a lot hot.
The darkness fades from pitch black to a dark grey, like the sky before a snowstorm.
“Remember when Sam got back from the salt-and-burn in Wymore, early in the morning last week?”
“— feel the same way — I deserve better — give him — and then leave.”
Dean moans when Castiel spills into his mouth, swallowing down what he can, the rest leaking out the corners of his mouth until he can swipe it up with his tongue when Castiel pulls back.
Dean should be terrified of Castiel, he really should.
“Oh God, Cas...fuck...please...so good,” Dean sobbed. Between his cock and ass and nipples and Castiel's words, it was all just too much. Overwhelming.
Castiel withdraws from Dean’s ass, his cum leaking out of Dean’s hole, leaving him feeling sloppy, used and open.
He wishes there were more of those. From Charlie. From Sam. From Dean.
But they can’t work it out, can they? Dean doesn’t want an ex-angel with no discernible skills and an abrasive personality. He said it himself, Dean deserves better. More.
for it.
– lovable, dorky and awkward – to
“Cas, how is this relevant?”
Sam isn’t afraid to talk about it — not with him, not with the doctor who gives them the tiny white pills, and certainly not with Dean, judging by the hushed conversations Castiel passes.
Dean made the mistake of opening his eyes to watch Cas’ ministrations. His angel’s eyes had never left Dean’s face, boring into him with every ounce of intensity he expected from Cas. What he wasn’t expecting, though, was the pure
"Another note,“ he smiled and took it off the fridge door, "I sort of figured you’d sleep past breakfast, and I know how much you suck at using the stove, so I made you some lunch. It’s in the fridge. Just some PB&J sandwiches, I know how much you like them and I know it’s simple, but it’s definitely better than scorched eggs and bacon. I also made you some pasta and garlic bread for dinner if I’m not back. Just put it in the microwave for two minutes. Dean.”
“Exactly. You are an amazing person, Dean, anyone would be a fool not to see it.” Dean smiled and ran his hands up and into Cas’s hair, the two just sitting there for a minute before Cas asked, “So, does that mean you'll take the part?”
“Yeah, we’ll see you later, Sammy.”
Dean took a glance over at the two beside him and reached a hand over to give the baby a little scratch on the head with a smile. “Baby needs a name, Cas.”
Dean was even more breathless now then he had been after the dance had ended. Kissing Cas was something he had wanted to do since the very first moment he saw him dancing in that studio, and all he could do was smile and even blush a little as he pulled Cas's forehead to rest on his, "It's about time."
Dean started walking towards the Impala, and opened the door to get in, then realized Sam still hadn't moved off the sidewalk. “Earth to Sam, car’s right here. Get in and let's go.”
“I missed your charm.”
Jody's eyebrows shot nearly straight into her forehead, and her bottom lip shrugged out almost in that typical Winchester way. "Well, okay, yeah, that makes sense."
"Well," Dean nearly screamed, "what did she say."
Around the same time every night, just shortly after heading to bed, Dean would hear the baby whining from where he now slept in the living room. In doing his research, he had come across a site about puppy training and figured it to be fairly similar, and remembered a section about just this. It had said not to indulge the puppy and to just let them fall asleep on their own, and eventually they would understand the routine and not end up taking over your bed. So he did just that. When the baby would start whining, he would just roll over and eventually, just as the article had said, Gunner would stop and go to sleep. Until the baby's fourth night in the crate.
“Hey give that back!” She shouted from the bed as Dean left the room, “I still have two more chapters to read!”
Dean plopped himself hard on the floor and sat back against the mirror of the dance studio he shared with Cas. He was sweating and panting, he had been working harder this week then he ever had during practices, and he was more than sure that it was because he was trying to keep a certain decision from creeping into his mind every time he let it wander.
His stomach took that moment to growl furiously, “I guess I am a little hungry. I don’t know how humans maintain their bodies if they are this hungry all the time.”
"Yeah well, after the last four or so years that I've had, nothing really phases me anymore."
“Sure thing, though I think dad wants to leave no later than noon.”
“Destiny?” The hope died out once again and Dean was left with confusion, “What do they mean by that?”
Dean was only able to place his hands by his sides before his prayers were answered and the Gods took him over. His eyes shot open, rolled backwards, and he sucked in a deep breath as the last thing he felt was his body falling to the side but never hitting the floor as darkness took his vision.
“She knew,” Dean stated with a nod.
“Yes, Dean?”
Sam shifted on his feet and held a hand up to Dean, "Wait, when was it decided that Gunner was your kid?"
“Starts school in the fall. Sam is nervous to be leaving him, but he’ll be fine.”
“Well,” Chuck interrupted, pulling Cas's eyes away from Dean, “don't leave us in suspense! Who is it?!”
As soon as the Impala pulled up beside Cas’s house, the all too familiar hum of the engine hit Jack’s ears and he was running for the front door, Balthazar and the rest of Castiel's brothers right behind him.
"Sammy?! Where are you?"
The blonde woman moved past them, stopping at the girl sitting at the desk to run a hand over her hair and ask, “You okay, Natasha?”
“She did it,” Sera muttered, “she killed her next victim, she didn't have to stick around to fight us. That's why she left. Bobby was right, this is our kind of job.”
After a few minutes of sobbing, Cas managed to get out a very weak, “I’m sorry Dean…”
It was completely dark in the house when Dean was gently shook awake. He startled for a moment, tightening his hold on Cas who was still laying on top of him, and looked around through hazy eyes.
Dean chuckled lightly to himself, then spoke in barely a whisper, “And my point is proven yet again.” Sam looked up to him and blushed, but Dean just continued to smile and slapped a hand on his shoulder as he spoke to Gabriel, “You and Sam will be travelling in the first longboat along with myself. You may load yours and Sam's furs at the front of it.”
“Cas, i'm so sorry.”
“Let's skip the, ‘we are gathered here today’, and jump straight to the vows.”
“There is also what's called slash fiction, if you migrate slightly right, my friend Annitta can tell you about that.”
She sent a wink at Dean and watched with joy as the blush quickly crept up his neck and into his cheeks, before he lunged forwards and snatched that book as well then ran outside. “I’m burning these, no more reading for you!”
“What?!” Both Dean and Jack looked to him with a mix of intense emotions, “You can't-”
"Mom…" He finally managed to breathe out, and she turned to look at him.
She scoffed and rolled her eyes, “Team free will, yeah that sounds about right.”
“No! No we don't!”
Castiel isn’t sure how long, but the next time he looks up Dean is gone.
He almost can’t believe it. To have been in such pain earlier and now —
When Castiel’s grace was stripped away, leaving him shockingly, indisputably human, the overwhelming number of sensations that flooded his body brought him to his knees.
Cas continued pounding into Dean as he reached his hand between them, taking Dean’s aching erection in hand, precome leaking out of the tip. He stroked Dean steadily, up and down, until he felt the hunter tense up. Cas began drawing his hips back farther before snapping his hips and slamming back into Dean harder than before.
════════════════════
“You’ve been teasing me all day,” Cas explained. “And you never cook without a shirt on.”
Sam just raised an eyebrow and said he’d get his own room for the night, bless him. Cas, none the wiser, agreed to meet Dean back at the hotel when they finished the job.
“Always so ready for me, huh Cas?” Dean smirked.
Dean took another bite before he looked at Cas.
Things can’t go back to the way they were. Living in willful denial is one thing, but knowing that Dean doesn’t want Castiel in the same way, that he knows he deserves better...it’s too much.
“You are perfect for me, Dean.” Cas’ tongue flicked out to capture Dean’s earlobe between his lips.
“Okay, Sammy,” Dean blurted. “Be careful and we’ll see you tomorrow.”
Anything to stop the pain.
Dean rubbed his hands together in glee before stepping under the cascade of hot water. After washing his hair like he usually would, Dean took extra time lathering up, creating generous suds all over his body.
After parking and checking the rear-view mirror one last time, Dean strolls through the door wearing that classic shit-eating grin he hasn’t used for some time.
for Chuck’s sake - not only that, he
“I hate waiting to hear from them,” he finally replied. “And I’m not feeling well, but I’m not sure why.”
. Whatever, let him pout for a bit and by the time Dean makes it back to the motel, they can kiss and makeup. Like,
“Oh, Dean!” Cas was close. Time for the last trick up Dean’s sleeve.
He can’t.
Sure, he’d heard plenty about the vivacious red-head whom the Winchester brothers had somehow adopted as one of their own, but meeting her was something else entirely.
“Cas, please…” Dean begs. He’s so fucking hard it hurts.
So Dean knows they’re bound to hit a bump in the road eventually because – well, he’s Dean. It’s inevitable, really. But Dean’s choosing to look on the bright side by adding ‘makeup sex’ to the Bucket List.
Dean began making movements of his own. He thrust his hips up into Cas’ tight heat as his hands gripped the perfect globes of Cas’ ass, slamming Cas farther down on his cock with each thrust.
Sam frowns slightly at that, but before he can reply Dean blurts out, “Are you sure there aren’t any cases we can look into?”
The hunt was easier than expected. Dean left Sammy and Cas to deal with cleanup as he went back to the hotel to
Sam scours the internet and hunting networks for cases; Dean trains Castiel in the art of being a
Painful things. The dirt, cold and grainy, that seeped through his pants where he fell; the scrapes on the palm of his hands that burned where the skin had been stripped raw; the sweat that beaded up on his forehead, a physical response to the aches and pains of the vessel.
“Dean, you have to keep your arm bent! You can’t let me straighten it!”
Man, he’s never gonna get tired of kissing those full pink lips. Ever. He poured everything he had into that one kiss. He felt Cas shiver under his hands as they moved up and down his sides.
════════════════════
This time, they stop.
“What?!”
“I love you, Dean,” Cas said. “Even if you are a vexatious tease.”
Things are easier now, it’s not as dark.
He rearranged himself and took a couple deep breaths. He can’t be mad at Cas for giving him a taste of his own medicine. He just needs to play it cool until tonight.
Castiel knows now that dinner is almost always followed by drinks of the alcoholic sort.
“You’ll come when I let you.”
Silence.
- torturing -
After a few minutes, Sammy finally stood up to refill his drink – it was now or never. Operation “Cas on Top” has officially commenced.
He takes a tentative step forward into Castiel’s personal space, close enough to touch.
Sure they’ve had rough sex when Cas was topping, but there was always the underlying note of restraint.
“Jesus,
When Cas leaned forward and nipped at Dean’s lower lip with a feral growl, it was game over. Hands grasped at buckles and buttons; clothes flew across the room as they were discarded. Getting naked is half the fun, but Dean is so fucking hard he can’t see straight, let alone sit through more foreplay.
“Alright, alright, let’s slow things down with a bit of Kizomba, ladies and gents!” The DJ’s voice boomed through the speakers as a slower and more sensual tune began.
Cas knelt on the bed and straddled Dean’s hips. His weight settled and Dean hummed when the angel’s backside pressed against his half-hard cock.
Cas’s fingers wrapped around Dean’s hips tight enough to leave a bruise and flipped him over, pulling him up on all fours. Dean steadies himself, breathing deeply, prepared for Cas to claim him and fuck him into oblivion.
“Cas,
Like the way Dean watches him when he thinks Castiel isn’t looking.
As Sam left the kitchen, Cas' long, thin fingers circled Dean’s ankles and held him under the table.
Cas was lying on his stomach, his right cheek pressed into the floor and both arms flat on the ground just above his head. Dean is straddling him, practically sitting on Cas’s bum. He is supposed to have one hand on each wrist to pin Cas to the floor, but he’s sitting on his haunches, waiting for an explanation.
“Yes, Dean.”
But Dean knows.
. In that ridiculous outfit, no less. Does his shirt really need to be unbuttoned
Tries not to ache when Dean is unusually quiet for the drive and then flits off to the bar the moment they walk in.
Not like this.
Especially Dean.
“I thought you were going to...I don’t know, man, you were just acting so strange and I…”
When Sam mentions it one night while the two of them catalog books in the library, Castiel tries to explain it, but he can’t find the right words.
With all of the blood rushing south to his Johnson, his brain is on lower power mode, so he can’t be blamed for not catching Castiel’s eyes narrowing and the look of understanding donning his face. It’s just something that’s happening, he sees it, but can’t process the meaning.
Dean sighed as he felt himself being pulled into a post-orgasm slumber, the last thought to cross his mind making him smile.
“Dean, I want –,” Cas paused. Dean stayed silent, willing him to continue.
Dean couldn’t care less about the botched reference, he’s still stuck on Cas
Castiel tells her about the night he lost his grace, the darkness that followed, the times when he’s felt like dead weight to the Winchester brothers who have no use for him anymore, how he’s a terrible human and sometimes he fears he won’t be anything but. He hates that feeling, whatever it is.
“Um, Cas?” He cleared his throat. “Not that I’m not liking where this is heading, but uh…”
As Cas listened to Sam, Dean picked up right where he left off, planting kiss after kiss along Cas' jaw and down his neck; his hands rubbed at Cas' muscled chest and tugged on his hair; his hips grinded in a slow circle in Cas' lap. Cas was growing less responsive to Sam by the second. Dean knew he’d never be able to say these words out loud, so he said a quick prayer in his head.
“I tried talking to him, um, apologizing for not inviting him to come with us, but he just uh…” Dean waved a hand.
“I think I’m getting fat,” Dean said, as he reached down to unbutton his uncomfortably tight jeans and give himself a pat on the pooch just below his belly button. Sam mumbles something about eating vegetables and working out, so Dean doles out an obligatory eye roll.
“I’m going to make some dinner,” Dean said, eyeing him curiously. “You wanna bring your laptop and come sit with me?”
Cas’s head circled around, trying to pinpoint Dean’s location in the room. The blindfold stayed put, despite his movements. Cas sounded nervous, but Dean knows it’s more anticipation than fear. Sensory deprivation will do that to a guy.
“Cas, p-please…” Dean whimpers.
He’ll just have to make it so. He can't help the bitterness and hurt tainting his voice.
Charlie perks up at that. “What do you mean?”
Dean squirted some lube on his fingers and knelt between Cas’s legs once more. As he took Cas in his mouth again, his fingers circled Cas’s tight furled hole before slipping one digit inside him. Dean continued to work Cas’s cock with his mouth and open him up with his hand until the angel was a trembling mess, begging for more.
Cas narrowed his gaze and the corners of his mouth twitched just a bit, enough that Dean knew he was egging him on. “You won’t know if you don’t try.” So yeah, definitely reading Dean’s mind. Creepy.
The car ride was quiet. As soon as they made it through the bunker, Cas pounced. The two of them fumbled down the hallway, moving toward Dean’s bedroom between frantic kisses and desperate attempts to shed clothing.
Dean gulps, opening his mouth for some witty excuse to leave when —
Things were better, until…
He stood, paralyzed, as Castiel slowly slinked toward him like an animal on the prowl.
Dean’s warning was needless. Cas’ movements faltered as his back arched and head fell back, mouth open in a soundless scream as he painted the bed with come. His ass clenched tightly, again and again, around Dean’s cock, sending Dean over the edge just seconds after his angel. Cas’ greedy hole milked Dean for all he was worth, leaving both of them gasping for air.
“And then the witch is done?” Dean asked. “C’mon, Sammy, it can’t be that easy.”
But, as it turns out, there are a myriad of physical symptoms that accompany anxiety. The human body is a complex and confusing thing and, as Charlie points out, everyone’s different.
“How’s the training going?” Sam asks. As an afterthought, he adds, “I hope you’re learning a lot.”
Cas starts to move and Dean knows there’s no turning back from here — that Cas is going to fuck him until he begs for mercy, until he definitely won’t be able to sit tomorrow, until feeling Cas’ punishment for days is a guarantee.
That didn’t take long. Dean tries not to wince at the high-pitched tone. Maybe he’s gotten too used to Cas’ rumbling baritone.
“What’s bugging you? You’ve been acting strange all day. Did I…” Dean paused. “Did I do something to upset you?”
Gods, does it hurt.
Dean frowned, not trusting his voice enough to answer out loud. He knows it would reduce him to a shell - Cas is his best friend and he’d be lost without him. The force of understanding hit him in the chest. He’d been so selfish, carelessly risking his life not once considering what it would do to Cas if he died. Not to mention the fact that he’d left Cas to find him bloodied and beaten in a warehouse with no preamble.
It occurs to Castiel then that he’s gotten a lot better at this human emotion thing.
“Cas, please fuck me,
════════════════════
He doesn’t bother to ask.
The thought makes him smile.
Castiel looked smug. “Rule number 1: use your thighs.”
Cas handed Sam a small drawstring bag and glided toward the dance floor, not looking the slightest bit perturbed. Dean’s face scrunched in a mix of horror, confusion and interest as he watched Cas tap mini-Danny Devito on the shoulder.
Dean’s hips bucked up into Cas' mouth on their own accord - he was prisoner to Cas' mouth and that was perfectly okay with him. He was close, so close…
Dean struggles in Castiel’s grip, attempting to remove himself from the wall and the leg from his manhood.
“Do you remember your safeword, Cas?” Dean wasn’t really into the whole BDSM thing, but he took a couple pages from the book, including the part about safewords. Since sensory deprivation was on his ‘Bucket List of Naughty Things To Do with Castiel,’ he talked to Cas beforehand making sure he was cool with everything.
The smirk slid off of Dean's face and his mouth fell open as soon as he realized normal makeup sex was off the table, likely replaced by a double helping of angry makeup sex.
He wanders from room to room like he’s lost.
And something
He let out a small, surprised chuckle.  Dean was amazed his idea actually worked. His widened eyes landed on Castiel’s proud gaze then dropped to his mouth, where a small grin tugged at one side.
Dean tinkered in the garage until half past noon. Working on the Impala was therapeutic and gave him time to think about everything, anything and nothing. His thoughts trailed from Sammy and hunting to food and Cas. Dean tried not to focus too intently on all the wicked plans he had for the day in case it accidentally registered as a prayer to Castiel, but he’s only human. His thoughts drifted and he allowed himself a brief daydream picturing Cas inside him tonight, filling him up until they both found release.
“— then tell me. You and Cas — weird since that night in — just spit it out.”
He looks terrified.
“Dean,” Cas said, after enduring Dean’s show for an impressive fifteen minutes. “What are you doing?”
When she plopped down on the couch with two mugs of hot cocoa and a gentle smile, he really should have known.
That was all the encouragement Cas needed. Dean felt every inch of Cas' cock as he slowly pulled his hips back and pushed back into him, over and over again. It was overwhelming and
A space carved for his closest friend.
Watches the rivulets of sweat drip from his face to pool in his collarbones when they spar. Hands him a bottle of water and watches him drink.
“Please don’t go,” Castiel whispers, urging Dean to turn so he can run his other hand up Dean’s bicep to rest upon the mark he made so long ago.
On more than one occasion he woke up hard and aching, rutting into the mattress with a whispered name on his lips. When he finds release picturing green eyes and freckles, he feels ashamed.
“Cas…” Dean moaned. “Holy fuck, Cas...your mouth...ungh!”
It’s fitting.
“Cas,” he moaned. “Touch yourself. Come for me, angel.”
Dean cries out as he comes, back arching and fists clenching in the sheets as white-hot sparks light him up from the inside. Cas stills when Dean’s tight hole starts clenching around him, emptying his last and final release inside of Dean.
“Cas,” he sighed, “it's injured, and it's so young that even if you could heal it, it wouldn't survive without its mother. It's better to just do it quickly rather than leave it to starve to death and suffer slowly.”
Jack came to stand beside him, looking into the water and seeing both of their reflections staring back at them. He waved a hand once over the bowl and their reflections disappeared, replaced by a vision of Sam. He was a little older than he had been when Dean left him, he could see the slight greys working their way through his still overly long hair. Dean smiled as he watched his little brother, finally happy, playing catch in the front yard with his son. This was the life he had always wanted for Sammy.
“Why did you turn that gorgeous hunk of a man down?!”
“I never asked for this!”
It had been four months now since Castiel had started dating Dean, four wonderful months. Dean had turned out to be the perfect gentleman, he kept his promise of moving the relationship at Castiel’s pace, and was always interested in Jack’s wellbeing. Which definitely gained him some extra brownie points in Castiel’s book. And one afternoon, on a Saturday, when all of his brothers and even his father were home from work, as they sat at the kitchen table for lunch, he had made a decision.
“And if you decided that you wanted to keep hunting after we got them both back, then we'll find a way around that too, I know it’s important to you.”
It had been a few nights since Dean had met Castiel in the shop at the park, and despite the fact that the food truck had returned to its original spot, Dean continued to go out of his way to get his lunch at the park. He had not seen Castiel since.
When he finally returned to Nazareth he was immediately greeted by Sam. He ran up to meet him as he halted his horse, Gabriel trailing not far behind him.
“Yes,” he smiled down at the baby in Dean's lap who was now starting to fall asleep, “Gunner Robert Winchester.”
Another body shifted off to the side and Dean's eyes drifted to the noise. Sam, who had been sleeping closer to the edge of the boat, had now shifted closer to Gabriel. Dean could see that his eyes were wide open, more likely having been laying awake listening to Gabriel shiver and not getting much sleep for his worrying. A small smile crept across Dean's face at the thought of his brother caring this much for another.
Cas walked towards the front door with Dean on his heels and said to his dad, “I just need to pack a bag for Jack.”
(See the end of the chapter for
They got out of the car and Dean opened the back door for Gunner to crawl out. They watched as he walked past them and slowly towards the edge of the forest, sniffing the ground as he went.
When Dean got home from rehearsals that night it was still pretty early. His mom and brother were still asleep, which he decided was for the better, seeing as his stomach was still turning pretty bad. The tickets were weighing heavily in his duffle that was slung over his shoulder, he could practically feel them burning a hole through the bag. But he pushed the thought aside for now since they were still passed out in bed, and decided to occupy his mind with doing some laundry instead. His tights were a complete mess from rehearsals this week and he would rather just get it done now before his mom and Sam woke up.
“Castiel told us you live with your mom and brother, right?” Chuck asked.
John smiled down at Dean then gave his shoulder a pat, “Now, you two get up into bed. He's got a hard few days ahead.”
She reached over and placed her hand on Dean's knee, giving it a little shake. He managed to give her the smallest hint of a smile, which she returned, then looked back to the two small bundles still cooing on her coffee table.
And before Cas could say another word, he was watching Dean run out of the studio.
“Whose hand belongs to this mark?”
~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean left to the kitchen and Sam and Sera went to sit on the couch. Dean returned quickly with the whole case and placed it on the table between them, before sitting beside Sera.
“So what do you say, Dean? Take the position!” Both of them locked their eyes on Dean, almost boring into him with an intensity that he felt in his soul.
“He won't be, not while im around,” Dean smiled.
Dean took a deep breath, the worst part of this ballet was that he had to do the first act without Cas, before the Nutcracker Prince came in to play. But he looked over at Cas, still standing directly across from him, and he gave him a reassuring smile and gestured to himself and Dean. Just you and I together, Dean thought, I'm dancing for Cas. And with a smile and a new found burst of energy he bounded across the stage to give the best performance he could.
Both Dean and Sam beamed and grabbed her in a hug, Sam saying, “We've got so much to tell you, so much crazy shit has happened to us, I don't even know where to start.”
“Yeah, underrated right.” Sam then turned back to Chuck. “Someone was killed in this building two days ago. Strung up, cut open, heart missing, and throat slashed. Did you do this to bring attention to your stupid convention? And why are you still doing these anyways? You're god for… for god sake!”
“I've told him about her, shown him some old pictures,” he nodded, “I didn't think I should dishonour her by pretending she never existed.”
“Wait!'' Dean looked up to Cas with a start, and everyone else in the theater followed suit. “I may have someone who could help.”
Castiel fixed him with a stare that had Dean suddenly frozen in place, “I do not have time to date right now and I have a lot of responsibilities that require all of my attention. So, thank-you, but no thank-you. Have a nice day, Dean.” And with that Castiel moved past Dean and left the building.
The two of them practised together every night for almost a month, and with every night not only did Dean's dancing improve, but so did their unspoken bond. They could both feel it. And by the end of the month, they had just about made it to the last dance between Clara and the Nutcracker. A dance Dean was very much looking forward to, especially since it called for a great deal of intimacy between the two leads. He was anxious to dance it with Cas, and they were almost there.
Chuck nodded, “For the last four years time has stood still. No one’s moved or aged or even breathed since the night you prayed for Sam to be saved. And I used that time to reevaluate my life, both Amara and I actually have. And I think time’s stood still long enough. It's time for me to stop thinking about the happiness of the entirety of my creation and start thinking about my own happiness."
She turned away from Dean, looking around the bunker once more, “If… if I stay and you hurt me again, either of you,” she turned back to face them both, “I’ll kick your asses.”
The three stood back and watched as the police informed Erik’s boyfriend of his death, and as his heart shattered, Sera and Sam watched as Dean’s did too. They all thought back to the boy hanging from the roof, to how much he truly did look like Cas. This one was a little close to home, and they were all so exhausted from it already but clearly had more work to do.
“I believe I was touched by my destiny.” Dean watched as Sam finally reached out and laid his hand over the handprint. His hand was too big, it didn't fit.
Crowley walked over to Dean, still a little shook that he was looking at two creatures he used to fear once upon a time. When he was close enough he bent down slightly, looking into Chuck’s car seat, "Capitol G, look at you now," then up to Amara in his arms, "and the Darkness. And now you're their… father?"
Dean's eyes finally focused back, staring Chuck down as he made his best attempt to lunge at him despite the spell, “You son of a bitch! What did you do to me?!”
Dean did as he said, eyes closed and tried to focus on his breathing, the movements of the dance, on Cas's hands still roaming his body as he continued the dance pressed tightly against Dean. His whispered praises against his neck had Dean in pure bliss, the hot breath against his skin as he whispered, "Good, Dean, very good. Keep going."
“Well,” he chuffed, “we've known each other since we were kids. Went to the same elementary school, the same highschool, we even started here on the same day.”
“Brother, I need to speak with you for a moment.”
He laid there for a while, eyes closed just taking deep breaths, though he had no intention of sleeping there. He couldn’t imagine Dean would be too happy when he came home from the hunt tomorrow morning and found Cas passed out in his bed. But he figured he could stay there for a little bit longer before he went back to his own bed. So he rolled over onto his stomach and stretched out on the bed, his arm finding its way under the pillows, and his fingers hit something. He grabbed it and pulled it out, finding a full sized piece of paper. He was about to put it back, sure that it was something personal to Dean if he had hidden it there, but in the dim glow of Dean’s digital clock on the bedside table, he saw his name at the top.
“Sorry I’m late, but I spent almost twenty minutes standing in the toy store trying to decide what a little boy would like to play with, and I settled on this,” he lifted his other hand and held out a blue gift bag and Cas found himself reaching out to take it, and Dean beamed when he did rather than rejecting it, “I wasn’t sure what he liked, or even what his age was, and since we are around the same age I guessed maybe five, no more than seven?”
“I won't freak out, I got this,” he scoffed at Sam, turning to yell out through the bunker again, “Cas! Babe, let's go! We're burning daylight here.”
“They just need to get over themselves. I've been working on it for years but it's been damn near impossible,” he turned and smirked at her, “but if I know you, and I do, you’ll have it your way in the end.”
“Who is it, Castiel?!” Chuck was nearly pulling his hair out.
"Oh, Dean…" The sounds of his name being moaned out of Cas's mouth had Dean's back arching off the bed. A jolt of electricity shot through his body as he did just as he had told Cas to do. He trailed his hand slowly down his own chest, reaching down to roll and tug at his balls, all the while pretending it was Cas touching him.
“I'm not going to tell anyone.'' Dean opened his mouth to ask why, why he wouldn't tell the owner about what he had been doing, but nothing came out. Instead Castiel continued and answered the unasked question himself, “I would never step in the way of someone trying to hold onto their passion.”
Sera stepped forwards and eyed the small man, shrugged and held out her hand, “I’m Sera-”
“Nothing,” he sighed, rubbing his forehead, “I can't find any monster that would kill someone like that, and no luck on spirits either. No ones ever even died in the place, no violent hauntings in the past, we already know there's no EMF. I'm stumped, I have no idea.”
"What?”
“Look, I just wanted to talk to you, I-”
And just before the other dancers joined them on stage for a bow, Cas couldn't resist doing what he had been wanting to do for so long. Both of them panting, gazing deeply at each other, Dean's pure blissful smile that he knew was only there for him, and Cas knew what would make the perfect ending to this night. So he pulled lightly on Dean's hand in his and he bounced forwards into Castiel's arms. And right there, in front of everyone in the audience, Cas dipped Dean backwards and finally, finally kissed Dean.
"Exactly what it sounds like," she chuckled lightly, "you two were always so oblivious. Everyone knew that you were both in deep for each other, the only two who didn't know it was you. At least one of you finally said something."
His ride for the most part was quiet, and he was thankful for that as he pulled Elskan to a stop at the bottom of a steep hill in the forest. Midday was now upon them, the ride had taken just as long as he had expected, and now the final part of his journey was upon him.
She handed it to Sam and he smiled, “Thanks!”
“Especially for someone who has never had any formal training before,” Metatron joined Chuck in his standing ovation, “where did you learn to move like that?”
The three of them stepped in and Sam moved forwards to explain, “We’re not actually here for the game, we’re agents. We have been here for the last two days investigating the-”
Castiel looked at them and sighed, “I have far too much responsibility right now to even think about the possibility of dating someone.”
“Great,” Dean grumbled, then turned to Sera on the bed, “what about you, Sera?”
Epilogue
"Then who-" The screeching got louder, the high pitched whine ringing violently in Dean's head, and after a blinding flash of light covering them both in a white glow, it stopped just as fast as it had started.
"He'll walk, Cas," Dean soothed, running his hands down Cas's arms, "Amelia said it might take some time, but he'll walk."
Getting up she walked the laptop over to Amanda at her desk and quietly asked, “Amanda, you said Natasha doesn't know anything about Jerry's death, right?”
They drove in silence, Dean holding Cas's hand the whole way, until they were pulling off the road to the familiar forest edge where they had been just a year before.
When he made it to the front doors to the theater, he was very quickly stopped by the guard placed there. A very large, burly man who almost growled at him, "Sorry, Sir, you can't be here. Rehearsals are going on at the moment."
“Sera Wesson,” Chuck nodded, “yes, I know who you are.”
Dean lifted his head and looked her straight in the eye, "I'll be damned if I'm not gunna try."
Two seconds later Dean was popping his head into the man cave. "Sam, what are you…" Dean eyed the popcorn and beer on the table, then looked over to the tv and saw Netflix ready to go, then turned back to Sam, "Are we having movie night?!"
“Cassie, is that you?” a voice called from within the house as he placed his coat in the closet and shucked his shoes.
Cas wanted to say yes, but he just couldn't find it in himself to force his vocal chords to make a sound, and all he could manage was to bring his hands up to his cheeks to wipe away the stray tears falling down.
Bunker, Present Day
He left for a moment then came back in the room bouncing a tiny baby in one arm, and carrying another car seat in his other hand.
They both looked over to a gruff, brooding man helping to load the boats. More like ordering other people to do it while he watched from the docks. He looked back to Ellen who was watching the man with a fond smile. “I promise I will take very good care of him, and bring him back safely.” She turned to him to barely smile back, give his arm a pat, then leave. He then turned back to the man and shouted, “Bobby! Are we ready to set out?”
“No doubt!” Dean smiled as he watched John rub his hand down Cas’s head, smoothing his hair soothingly. When Dean had first come out, John wasn’t horrible about it but he also wasn't entirely on board either. But now that he had gotten over it, Dean was glad to see that he and Cas actually got along really well. “Are they going to talk to her?”
He pulled up the camera on his phone and held it over his head to take a picture of himself from the neck down, holding his cock with his other hand, then quickly sent it to Cas.
"May I?" She held a hand out once more, waiting patiently.
Dean waited a few minutes then came the reply, 'I am there, what now?'
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said as he tried to take a step forward but was stopped by little hands grabbing tighter to his legs, “as I’m sure you’ve gathered, this is Jack.”
“Why,” Dean moaned, “why are you so into this?”
“Keep going.”
“There must be something very special about Dean, it's obvious, Jack doesn't warm up to just anyone like that,” Balth turned to send a wink at Cas as he added, “I think you've got yourself a keeper, Cassie, don't let him go.”
Sera nodded, then grabbed her wallet from her bag, “Give me the most popular destiel fic and the most popular sabriel fic.”
“Gods be with you, Brother.”
“I went back to the convention this morning and bought them while you were at the library doing research,” she smirked and pulled another book out from under her pillow, “these are hilarious!”
“Well, she chose the right man for the job,” Cas looked back to Dean and he flashed him a small smile, “she knew she could count on you to take care of Jack.”
“This is Dean?!” Both Gabriel and Balthazar tried to burst past him to get a better look at dean, but Cas held them back as he stared dean down.
Cas nodded and thought for a moment as Dean ran his thumb soothingly over his shoulder, then turned back to Dean. “His name is Gunner.”
"I, you… did you just make a Harry Potter reference?" He was still stuck on the first part of the conversation.
“What class is it for?”
They all turned to a room tucked in a hidden corner by the emergency exit, the door was slightly open, but none of them had seen it the last time. Dean and Sera shook their heads and the three of them slowly crept inside.
“Waiting for Dean,” Balthazar said, matter of fact.
He walked into the dark, musty motel room that he had been sharing with Sam for the last week and plopped himself on his bed. He had every intention of getting straight to work, grabbed his laptop and opened it to the pages of lore he had been reading earlier, but in the end he just couldn't force himself to read anymore. So he tossed his laptop aside and decided to wallow in his own misery for a while. For what felt like the first time in forever he was alone. Sam was out on a date, an actual date, surely in for a night of fun, and he was sitting alone in his motel room in misery.
Sam scoffed and smacked his brother's hand away from him with a shake of his head. Dean laughed, hearty and full for the first time in a long time. “Do not try to deny it, Sam, and perhaps a little love will loosen you up. The man is already all over you, just let him do it with a little less clothes on.”
He gently laid Sam down and slowly pulled himself towards the two small objects now a few feet away from him. He lifted the covers and in the two small car seats in front of him he found exactly what he was afraid he would find. Two babies, two new born babies, a little boy and a little girl both staring back at him. And inside the baby boy’s car seat there was a brown envelope with the words 'Attention Dean Winchester' on the front. He took the envelope and reached a hesitant hand inside to pull out the documents. And after he slowly and carefully read the first paper all he could do was just stare at these two little babies in front of him, Sam behind him, and try not to throw up as the hole in his stomach got infinitely bigger with every second. What was he supposed to do now?
Dean shook his head, “His mom contacted them out of the blue today. She left the family when Cas was three and hasn’t been around, or even called since. They didn't know where she was until they got a phone call from a nurse saying that she was in the hospital and was dying, and that she wanted to talk to the family before she passed away. He's a little… stressed and confused.”
They stayed in the church for a while, standing under the archway, kissing, holding each other, calling each other husband. Dean wasn't sure how long they had been standing there when things started to get a little intense. Their kisses turned heated and hands were starting to wander, so Dean pulled back from Cas who chased him with his lips, and was disappointed when Dean pulled back even further. “Cas, wait a second,” Dean laughed at the whine he let out while still trying desperately to get to his lips, “Cas, let's go back to the motel, we can lock Sam out and have a mini honeymoon.”
He threw his bedroom door open and marched down the hallway in nothing but his boxers, then barged his way into Dean’s room. Dean’s scent instantly hit his nose and he could already feel himself relaxing. And without even so much as a second thought he walked over and got into Dean’s bed.
With Dean's promise of ice cream and a playground, he had managed to get Jack to fully step out from behind Cas, and he even managed to get a nod from Jack as an answer. It was an understatement to say that Cas was completely stunned, and so were his brothers as they watched from behind Cas. Jack had never so much as given anyone outside the family a nod and would actually go out of his way to avoid any and all eye contact.
When Gunner turned his gaze from Cas and back to Dean, the two of them just shook their heads and admitted defeat.
“One year today, we’re both feeling it I guess.”
It was their last rehearsal before they would open to the public. Opening night was right around the corner. Everyone was a cluster of excitement and nerves, buzzing around the theater, the knowledge that their tickets had sold out seconds after being released was making the atmosphere even more intense. The entire cast was reeling, well, everyone except Dean. He still hadn't shown up at the theater yet, he was almost an hour late for the rehearsal, and Cas was starting to get worried. Along with others.
Sera ignored her question once again and knelt back down beside Natasha, “You said that the spirit in your story kills every three days right?” Natasha nodded, and Sera started mumbling to herself. “You wrote this first part six days ago, the first incident happened three days ago, that means tonight’s the sixth night… what was the last thing you wrote?”
Though they would miss his crazy antics, the slide and pat of his feet as he ran through the bunker making them laugh, his waiting hugs when they would come home from a hunt. But they would hold onto those memories and good times, cherish them forever and never forget him, and wish with all their hearts that their miracle buck would stay safe, and maybe one day their paths could cross again.
Castiel looked to Balthazar who was shoving yet another tart in his face as he mumbled around a mouthful, “I can't help it, they are so good!”
“What the ever loving fuck?!” Roared the accented voice and Dean winced, “Why have a bloody phone if you're never going to answer it?!”
Pamela went silent again, tilting her head back and closing her eyes. “The Gods do not tell me everything I wish to know, Dean, and there are some things they wish for you to discover on your own.”
“Looks like we're gunna be here for a while, man, better call Cas and let him know we won't be home for at least a few days.”
"There’s more,“ he whispered to himself then read the rest.
“Night, son.” John ran his hand down Casitels hair once more before he got up and walked up the stairs.
“It's alright,” Dean slapped a hand on the desk then turned and pointed to the elevators, “any way you could get us up there to have a look at the scene?”
Dean stood at the entrance to Nazareth, dawn was chasing him from behind, creeping over the sea as he readied his horse for the ride to the house of the Gods. He ran a gentle hand down Elskans broad neck and the beautiful black stallion pushed back against him. He nuzzled into Dean as he continued to pet him, whispering softly to him, “You will get me safely to the house of the Gods, yes Elskan?” The horse seemed to almost nod in answer and Dean smiled, “I knew I could trust you to take care of me.”
And as if on cue Castiel came walking down the stairs, a picture of heaven in Dean’s eyes. When he reached the bottom he didn't even have words to say as he stood in front of Dean, and it was one of Castiel's brothers who nudged him out of his trance.
Those kinds of Saturday's were Sam's favourite. When the four of them were together as the perfect little family he had always dreamed of. Happy, laughing at his nephew's antics, and loving the feeling of his heart swelling every time Dean pulled Cas in for a passionate kiss. He was so glad that Dean had finally let himself be happy with Cas, finally happy that Dean had let his walls down and built this odd, but cute, little family with the ex angel and the little buck, finally happy that Dean was happy. And that was all he ever wanted. But unfortunately, especially for the Winchester's, happiness never sticks around for long.
“Sounds great!” Dean was all but beaming rays of sunshine as he held the flowers out to Cas and he took them with a face red enough to match the roses. “I’ll see you in an hour.”
He waved to the family as Chuck pulled out of the driveway and turned towards where the impala was parked on the road. They slowly drove past Dean's car with a honk and Dean ducked into the car to tell Jack, "Wave bye to daddy." They both waved them off till they were out of sight and then Dean closed Jack's door and got in the car.
“Okay, how ‘bout this then,” he took the ring off his right hand that he always wore, and gave it to Cas, “we’ll use this one as a placeholder for now, and then when we get back to the bunker you can make one like I did.”
“In the vision,” he began, placing his own hand over the scar, “there was a man, he told me to come to him. And when I saw him, when I looked into his eyes and heard his voice call to me, I have never felt such warmth in my chest. I believe that this handprint belongs to him, that he is the destiny that awaits me across the sea.”
It was finally Monday night and he snuck into the dance studio, same as he always did. Made his way up to studio nine and danced his heart out until around three in the morning. After he was finished, the sweat pouring down his body was a clear indication of a hell of a good practice, he grabbed up his things and made his way back down stairs. He was just about to slip out the back door to head home when he stopped halfway out, the sound of music coming from down the hall hitting his ears.
“For a long time after you both left, I didn't want to be found, Bobby helped me disappear. I figured you both wanted to do your own thing, move forwards, so I moved on too. Ditched my parents at some crappy motel, hit up Bobby for some fake IDs and hit the road. And after almost six years I just figured you had both forgot about me.”
“Whatever it is, I don't care,” he stepped towards Castiel with a new found glimmer of hope in his eyes, “I will take you as you are, no matter what, and I-”
“Woah!” Chuck held his hands up, “What are you talking about?! What do you think I did?”
“What was that about?” Dean asked, looking up from his laptop.
“Were you on the second floor at any point that day? Did you see anything strange?”
“I’m sorry?” The man turned to face Dean, and his eyes seemed even bluer at this angle.
And if Castiel's heart wasn't already in his feet. But then suddenly pounding footsteps came from Castiel's right and he turned to see Dean bouncing across the stage to stand next to him. "I'm here, sorry I'm so late!"
Dean wandered the bustling streets of Heaven, walking the same route he walked most every day since he arrived there, and came to the large two story house in the center. Once inside he sauntered through the endless white halls, passing by happy couples and families reunited. Though he did feel happy for them, he couldn't help but feel a little jealous as he forced a smile as he passed them. It was for this reason that for the most part he walked the halls with his head down every time he came here. If he didn't look at them or make eye contact he didn't have to feel that constant, gnawing monster at the pit of his stomach. The always growing dread of knowing that no matter what, he could never have the one person he truly loved, the one person he so badly wanted to share this heaven with. It sat harder in his gut with every passing day he spent watching the happy couples pass him by. So he tried as best he could to stay invisible.
“Really, Dean?” Cas was thrilled that Jack was being included. It had always been a fear that if he dated Jack would be put on the back burner, but Dean seemed to be full of all kinds of surprises.
The three of us, Cas thought, and smiled.
“If you like burgers, you should try the Roadhouse.”
The girl looked her over once more, then decided to turn the screen towards her, “It's about a haunted inn. It's called the Michigan Maiden.”
Dean stuttered, not exactly sure what to say, especially while his mom and brother were staring at him so intensely. Not to mention the all too knowing matching Winchester smirks they were sending his way. So Cas stepped forward, hand outstretched towards them, "I'm Dean's boyfriend."
She turned a few more pages, making her way to the back of the book when the writing changed, Dean’s handwriting now covered the pages. “Okay, so you hunted a werewolf, killed a vamp nest, killed the yellow eyed demon, and-” she stopped and took a breath as she read the page, then another, and another. As she flipped through the pages at the back of the book, she came across not only new monsters that Sam and Dean had encountered, but also notes on her. Dean’s thoughts on where she was, places he had travelled to find her, leads that eventually turned into dead ends, and all with dates leading up until his last entry three day ago.
"Me too,“ he kissed him again, then wiggled to settle back into the bed and closed his eyes, "good night, Cas.”
Cas exchanged a worried glance with Dean before turning back to Jack and answering, “Yes, I am, but only for a few days. And this means that you get to spend some time with Dean at his house while I’m gone.”
"Kids..? Yours? You have kids," he turned, looking around the room for little rugrats tearing the place apart, then back to Dean, " Did I miss something?!"
Sam had entered the church not too long after Dean and Cas had. He saw the impala out front and knew they were both still there, and had walked in just in time to see the two of them walk up the steps together, and come to stand face to face under the archway. He had come to tell them that he had found a major break in the case and that they no longer needed the Fathers help. But when he found them up there together like that, holding hands and very obviously doing what he thought they were doing, he didn't have the heart to interrupt what he thought was a very long time coming. So he opted to stay quietly at the back of the room, and leaned against the wall to watch unnoticed by them.
“As is Jack's case as well,” Dean chuckled, “your brothers seem like the fun uncle types.”
He sighed, but why would he be so lucky.
“What…” he murmured as a figure came into view.
“You're welcome, and I got this one for Cas that says ‘assbutt’, I think he’ll enjoy that. And don't think I forgot you Dean, I got you these pins, they came in a pack!” She grabbed the pack out and started pinning them to his jacket, “This one says ‘jerk’, this one says ‘I’m with assbutt’ and I’m giving Cas the matching one that says ‘i’m with jerk’, this one says ‘squirrel’, this one says ‘i hope you're apple pie is freakin' worth it’, this one says ‘eat me’, this one says ‘don't fudging touch me’, and my all time favourite is this rainbow one that I got them to custom make for me which says ‘I heart Cas’.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
Castiel arrived home later that afternoon. Work was as boring as it always was, being the accountant for his father's construction business was not always the excitement he had hoped for in a job, but it was a good job nonetheless. And working for family had its perks.
With Cas pressed up against him like that, Dean felt every muscle in that toned, gorgeous body. His upstairs brain instantly checked out of the conversation to make way for little Dean. He’s imagining his hands peeling off that stupid trench coat and watching land on the floor in a pool at his angel’s feet. He’s stripping the rest of Cas’s clothes, ditching a trail of wool and polyester on the way to his bed. He’s picturing Cas underneath him, coming apart at the seams under Dean’s calloused hands and eager mouth. He’s so into the fantasy he nearly missed Cas’s question.
“Fuck, fuck,
By the time Castiel fell into a fitful sleep, he’d half-decided to steal a car the next morning and take off for one of the coasts.
He smiled to himself thinking about his angel probably going mad in the kitchen. His hands drifted lower until one could circle his cock, the other resting on his perineum. He gasped when he took himself fully in hand and gave himself a few precursory tugs, watching the foreskin envelop then reveal his leaking head with each stroke.
Dean glared at the table as he reviewed the last 24 to 48 hours in his head. Nothing sticks out, but there’s gotta be a reason for the silent treatment from Cas today. Granted, the angel’s not the most talkative to begin with, but there’s definitely something off about his behavior. Dean chanced a glance across the booth.
He’ll always have Dean.
. Like that time in the alley. Make-up sex should do the trick. So yeah, Dean’s contemplated what a shitstorm their next 'fight' might be like, but he’s also positive they’ll get past it because...well, they always do. And man is he ready for that after party.
up for an idea like this.
“— not playing dumb, Sammy. This isn’t —”
Cas pulled the faded AC/DC shirt off his back, then slowly unbuttoned his jeans, kicking them off to the side all while keeping his eyes locked on Dean’s naked body. Dean squirmed in anticipation under Cas’ intimidating gaze. Despite the reticence mounting in his brain, Dean was powerless to do anything but stare, his mouth watering at the sight of Cas' lean body. The way taut muscles on a slender frame made him look invincible, dangerous. The way his defined cheekbones, broad shoulders and angular hips manipulated both light and shadow. Not to mention the thick, impressive erection hanging between his legs.
“Are you mad at me?” Dean launched into an apology, hoping to placate Cas before they made it back to the motel. “Look, I’m sorry I didn’t invite you. We figured you were bus—”
◷ ◷ ◷
And salad.
He doesn’t know how it started or when, though he suspects the moment he gripped Dean tight and raised him from perdition.
“Candice” - yeah, totally not buying that - keeps him occupied through another twenty minutes and three whiskeys. She’s fun to talk to, flirts at all the right moments, knows when to use her voice and when to use her body. In other words, she’s a pro.
Sam, even though he’d promised Dean he wouldn’t, used some of his demon power to enhance the spell they’d found and blasted the bitches back to 1692, figuratively speaking. Dean doesn’t remember much, just waking up to Sammy shaking his shoulder, his vision blurred, arms and legs tied to a chair. Sam cut him free and then checked on the girl as soon as he knew Dean was fine. She was alive but barely, they’d taken a lot of her blood. Sam picked her up and ran for the car to drive her to the emergency room, yelling to Dean that he’d be back for him.
Dean nearly catapulted off the bed. They’d been so diligent, how could Sam have possibly found out? Cas answered his unspoken question.
Both are so wrapped up in each other, in their kiss, that neither of them notices when Sam walks into the room to talk about a potential case. They also don’t notice when he quietly retreats and scurries down the hall, laughing.
Cas' fingers curled, rubbing against Dean’s prostate sending sparks firing up and down his body, making his back arch and his toes curl. Before Dean could come down off that high, Cas was inserting a third finger.
Castiel hears his hushed whispers in the kitchen one morning, and can’t help but listen when he catches his name.
Chad holds on just a beat too long as his eyes appraise Dean from the ground up, lingering too heavily on his lips.
After everything they’ve been through, Castiel can’t possibly give up on that so easily.
Sam pointed to the corner of the room. Dean sifted through the couples on the dance floor until he spotted her. He let out a low whistle.
“Did you want me to see you with that woman? Did you want me to see another man touching you?” Castiel asks as an inexplicably lubricated digit circles Dean’s hole.
Dean glanced up at Cas to see if his silent prayer registered, pleased to see the angel’s eyes widen a fraction in recognition. By the time Cas hung up the phone, the fire had returned to his eyes and his body thrummed with barely contained energy. Cas grabbed Dean’s hips with renewed purpose, standing up and lifting Dean with him. Dean, though surprised, quickly wrapped his arms and legs around Cas as the angel headed for the stairs.
“Yeah, I uh – I think he’s mad we didn't invite him,” Dean raised his eyebrows and shoulders in a gesture of confusion. Sam looked at him expectantly, patiently waiting for Dean to continue.
“Holy fucking shit,” he pants through the pain. Dean knows that Cas could take the pain away, make him feel nothing but pleasure, but he also knows Cas isn’t going to do that. Dean needs to be taught a lesson and they both know it.
“Cas…” Dean whined, panting. “Please…”
“Let’s go have lunch then,” Dean said, reaching for Castiel’s hand just as the angel huffed and disappeared.
“Why’d you have to hit me?” Dean snarled, though no real malice was behind it. His gaze locked on those stunning blue eyes. The blood rushed to Dean’s cheeks as soon as he took stock of their current position. He could feel Cas,
so that doesn't make him gay or anything.
Cas ran those long, lithe fingers through Dean’s hair before grasping the back of his neck and pulling Dean forward to join their mouths.
“You see, Dean,” Cas said, voice rich with want. “I wanted to surprise you tonight, but I didn’t anticipate feeling so wanton all evening. Every time I looked at you, it got harder to keep my hands to myself.”
“Heya, Sammy,” Dean grinned, seeing Cas flustered was a real treat. “How’s it going?”
When he heard Dean screaming for him, that knot of
Dean blanched before Cas continued.
There’s nothing he can do but hold on to the angel’s shoulders and take the pounding.
“You don’t know that, De —”
“I’m going to go take a shower,” he whispered, silently thanking Chuck that Sammy was out of the house so he could be as handsy as he wanted. When he planted a wet kiss on Cas' neck, the angel became visibly flustered and dropped a plate in the sink. Dean almost felt guilty for the teasing Cas was to endure today.
Waiting.
Cas looped an arm around Dean’s neck, bringing their chests together, shirt fabric teasing Dean’s nipples.
Cas kissed him violently, lips claiming his, teeth gnashing, tongue forcing its way into his surrendering mouth. Dean tried to kiss Cas back, regain some semblance of control, but he was powerless against the angel’s strength. Cas kissed Dean in such a way he could feel his walls crumbling down around him. When Cas finally released him, Dean gasped for air, lightheaded.
When Dean’s hands fisted in the sheets and his panting grew louder, Cas switched up his technique altogether. His hand and mouth alternated directions on Dean’s cock, moving together then apart, dragging yet another guttural moan from Dean. Cas stopped finger fucking him long enough to find Dean’s prostate and
“We’ll figure it out, we always do,” he pleads, eyes filled with sorrow. “Cas, buddy, I need you.”
Should that even be on the list? Prob’ly not, but it’s there anyway. Kinda like a kid going to the doctor for shots. You don’t want to suffer, but you know it’s gonna happen anyway, so might as well look forward to the Batman band-aid and lollipop consolation prize, right? No doubt Dean will say or do something stupid to hurt Cas’s feelings, they’ll hash it out and then it’s ON like Donkey Kong.
Cas silenced him with a hard kiss. Dean felt Cas’ warm hand at the back of his neck, insistently pulling him in, pressing their lips together even harder.
Turns out, the perfect cocktail is two parts whiskey, one part jealousy.
“Oh God…” Dean whimpered, the sensation of three fingers inside him and Cas' teeth raking across his dick overwhelming his senses. Cas continued this sweet, sweet torture until was on the cusp. “Cas!”
Is it enough?
“No, he’s not.”
He still hasn’t gotten used to it, being human.
“So, Dean,” Chad asks huskily, “are you drinking alone tonight?”
Cas hummed with pleasure, sending vibrations through Dean's dick. Suddenly a cold, slick finger circled Dean’s furled hole and dipped in without warning. Dean’s surprised yelp quickly turned into another groan. Cas pumped one finger in and out of Dean’s ass while his mouth and other hand worked on his cock. Before long, Dean was a panting, writhing mess.
════════════════════
The first five times Cas had him in a light chokehold, Dean forgot what he was supposed to do because
Dean stood up, hands shaking as they reached for his billfold. He threw a few bills on the table before turning on his heel and walking out without a backward glance.
Castiel doesn’t know what to do.
The man nodded then turned to the three of them, “Sam, Dean, what are you guys doing here?”
“Did Chuck do this?!”
“Yeah, absolutely!” Dean shuffled slightly closer to Cas, pressing their foreheads together as he spoke, “I've got your back, Cas, always, no matter what. So I’ll take Jack for as long as you need and you go do what you gotta do. Me and the kid will have a great time, and I know my parents would be thrilled to have a kid running around the house again.”
Then the first young boy turned from Dean and ran towards someone else. He looked up and followed the boy as he ran, holding his arms out to someone, and laughing as he was once again lifted into the air and held against another's chest. He was given another kiss on the cheek, then he wrapped his arms around the kisser's neck in as tight an embrace as his little body could give and said, "Papa!"
When Sam and Dean had finished talking to Amanda, Dean walked over and knelt in front of her to whisper, “Hey, Sam and I are gunna take another look around, just to be damn sure we didn't miss anything. You stay here with them in case anything goes down.”
~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~
“And there is one more thing the Gods have graced me with.”
One more chapter to go! If you guys want I can publish the last chapter tomorrow! <3
“You guys were really close,” Dean gave Cas’s arm a squeeze and Cas laid his hand over Dean’s.
Cas looked up at Dean as he started walking over to him and took Cas in his arms. Dean was smiling so wide and Cas was just in awe. “I can’t believe what you just got him to do. He's never…” all Cas could do was shake his head.
She shrugged, “Gotta do what I gotta do. Being a hunter may be crappy, but it saves a lot of lives. So if I have to keep jumping from motel to motel, in the end it's worth it.”
Dean just smiled, took off his shoes, and hurried out of the studio. He just wanted to get through tomorrow so he could go to the theater and watch Cas.
“Has anyone seen Erik?”
“But Cas, we haven't done the final dance together yet,” he risked a glance over to where the directors were sitting, looking a bit impatient now, “it's the only part of the ballet we haven't gotten to yet.”
“So, do you have a place or are you still-”
~~~~~~~~~~~
Cas quickly ran then up the stairs and into Jack's room. He grabbed the first backpack he found on the ground and started throwing in clothes and pjs from his closet. Dean on the other hand got stuck out in the hallway by Jack's room while Jack talked Dean's ear off. A quick peek out the door saw Dean smiling while still holding Jack as the young boy pointed to all the pictures on the wall and told Dean every story that went with them.
"Yeah," he scrubbed his face again and sighed into his hands, "and as soon as he did, the Empty took him away. He never should have made that deal with the Empty. He let himself be happy, told me he loved me, and then to save me he let the Empty take him away from me for it. I didn't have a chance to say anything before he was gone. I just… I just stood there like an idiot."
Dean stopped him before he could get any further, “This is not an obligation, Cas, I want to take Jack. I want us to spend more time together, so the two of us hanging out for a couple of days will be great. I love kids, I love Jack, I love you, so never feel stressed or scared to ask me for something like this, okay.” Cas was only able to stare lovingly into Dean's eyes, never had he ever thought that he would be blessed with such a man like Dean Winchester in his life. “And as for Jack and I having to spend time without you, it was bound to happen eventually, and I think this will be good for us, bonding time. We'll be fine, so don't worry, and if it makes you feel better you can call me whenever you want to talk to Jack, anytime.”
“I told you it was wonderful, brother!” Sam reached over and smacked a hand down on Dean's knee, “All I want for you is that happiness and love I saw in my dreams, that the Gods have shown you in this vision.”
"I know this, Sam, but what more can we do but continue to try," he stood straight and waved a hand over the barren fields, "maybe more fertilizer, or perhaps another sacrifice-"
“What will you do about work,” Gadreel asked as he joined them on the porch.
He tucked the little note into his pajama pants pocket and made his way into the kitchen. As he walked the hall’s of the bunker he noticed more and more how hungry he actually was, but in the same instant hoped that there was something in the kitchen that he was actually able to make. He was certainly no chef, he could barely make eggs without nearly burning the kitchen down, so hopefully Sam had some cereal left in the cupboard or something easy. Otherwise he wasn’t too sure what he was going to eat.
“What is it?!”
“No need to thank us,” Metatron smiled at him, not knowing how much dread was running through his veins right now, “We hope to meet them on opening night. Have a good night you two.”
"Have you heard from him, Castiel?" Cas just shook his head at a worried Chuck from center stage, "Has anyone heard from Dean?!"
“Well, the good Father’s not here, no one is actually. We must have just missed everyone…” He stopped, finding Cas standing there, staring up at the flowery archway with that same strange look in his eyes from before, “Cas…?”
Dean suddenly stood up and walked towards Jack with Cas on his heels. He took a step inside the sandbox and knelt down in front of Jack. He shifted slightly back from Dean, but Dean just smiled and softly asked, “Do you wanna play on the swings, Jack? Your daddy said you like them.”
"Dean," the figure spoke without even opening her eyes, "you have many questions, I can feel them consuming your soul. Come, sit with me and I shall give you the answers you seek."
Sam nodded to her as she made her way down the hall towards Dean. He was still talking on the phone with his back to her and his head down, she didn't have to ask to know who he had called, who he would need right now.
“Yes, Jack?”
"What do you wish to see?"
"I… I couldn't tell you." He shook his head, hands still over his eyes, "I was afraid."
“This. Convention. Is. Amazing!” Sera exclaimed when she reached the boys.
The hunt ended bloody, but successfully. Dean, Sam and Cas were now stood in the middle of the forest, all three covered in both their own blood and the blood of the werewolf they had just killed, trying to catch their breaths.
Dean walked over to the passenger side of the car, confusing both Cas and Sam. He opened the door and looked over at the two and said, “Come on Cas, Sammy you're in the back.”
“How is it not real?! I've seen Sam!” He screamed, his voice almost sounding distant. “He’s… he's married, has a kid, a son. He’s starting school in the fall, he's… he’s…”
Cas just smiled back as wide as Dean and answered, “If you want to, Jack.”
“I told you,” Dean said as he nuzzled his nose against Cas’s, “I was just going to keep slowly worming my way in, and eventually he would come around at his own pace.”
“You're still having a convention here tomorrow even though there was a murder here a few days ago?”
She closed her eyes again, then shook her head with a sigh, “The Gods are being secretive this day.” Dean rubbed a tired hand down his face, he had hoped for more answers but apparently the Gods were done with questions. “Though, they do speak one word about this vision.”
He fished his phone out from his pockets, Amelia's name coming up on the screen, and answered, "Hey, Amelia, what's up?"
“I promise,” Sera held a hand up and Natasha nodded.
And with that he left the two brothers to exchange frustrated looks.
“If you want to tell me, you can,” Dean reached a hand over the table and placed it on Cas’s arm, “but if you don't want to then that's fine too.”
She sighed and sat back in her seat, “I don't know, Dean.”
“My father thinks it would be best to go see what it is that she wants and get it over with as quickly as we can,” Cas then started to panic again as he continued, “and there lies the other problem. I do not, under any circumstances, want Jack anywhere near this situation, or her, regardless of the fact that despite all she has done she is my mother. I do not want Jack to know her. But I have no one to watch Jack! It's far too late to get a sitter for tomorrow, I do not know how long we will be gone for, and then there is also the fact that there is a very high probability that Jack will outright refuse a sitter. So I don't know what to do!”
“Cas…” He breathed, almost completely breathless.
OMG it's been a while! I am so sorry it's been so long! I am going to try and update a little more often, and I have a few days off work right now so I'll try to get a bit ahead for when I do go back to work :)
“He is not going to show up,” he said crossing his arms, “once they find out you have the responsibility of a child, all interest disappears. And besides, he has been here everyday at four, it is now almost four-thirty and he is not here-”
Sera then turned back to Amanda who was now standing behind Sera and her daughter, shuffling nervously, “Have you read this?”
The next day Sam said his goodbyes to Gunner in the bunker. He knew that releasing him into the wild would be something they had to do together and alone.
“Yeah,” he nodded, “night, Dad.”
"I can't," he whispered, "I'm sorry."
The woman stood with her cane, holding a weathered hand out towards the eldest prince, "Until you can learn to love, truly love, and receive it equally in return, I curse you and all inside this castle. You will become the heartless beast you are inside for all of eternity, unless you heed my words. If by the time the last petal on this rose falls, you have not found love, you will remain a beast forever and damn all those trapped here with you."
He nodded in thanks to his brother, then turned and took the few steps to the other man who had come to see him off. He held up a smaller wrapped package to Dean placing it in his hands with a smile. “Some treats for the journey.”
"Assuming this has something to do with the world being frozen. Glad you're back by the way. The world was boring while Chucky had it frozen. No deals to be made, no fun to be had."
"We will be fine, now go," both Balthazar and Gabriel shooed them out the door.
“I… I thought after yesterday that you would stop doing this when you found out that I had a son, but you have pleasantly surprised me, Dean.” Dean smiled, and even blushed a little. “And I want to say yes but I have no one to look after my son. It's too late to call a sitter and my family all work and have lives of their own-”
“Where’d it go?” She looked over to Sam and Dean.
“It always is, Cassie, you honestly worry too much.”
“Wait!” Dean stepped in front of her before she could reach the door, “You said you had looked for us for years, don't you at least wanna talk before you just leave like this?”
Cas didn't know how to respond, feeling a sudden hole in his chest at the tears welling in Jack's eyes, so Dean stepped in, “It's okay, buddy, we’ll have so much fun! You and me get to spend a whole weekend together doing super fun things! Me, you, Mama Mary and Papa John have a great weekend planned! There's gonna be a barbeque with my whole family, you'll get to meet my little brothers, we're gunna go to some festivals, we can have movie nights, and I promise that whenever you want to you can call your dad. You just ask me and I'll dial him up, okay? How does that sound?”
"Thanks," he beamed with pride at the compliment. Afterall, if an amazing and well known dancer such as Castiel Novak was saying he was impressive, then he must be doing something right.
He thought about just telling Cas that everything was fine and that he was sorry he had bothered him, but then he decided what was the point of lying to his angel? He would definitely see right through him, not to mention there was a small part of him that just had to get this off his chest, he felt like he was going to explode. ‘I guess I’m just feeling kind of lonely. Sam’s out on a date and I haven't seen you in almost two months, I just miss you, Cas.’
"Dean, talk to us, Honey," Mary tried to get him to look up but he wouldn't budge, "Were those tights yours?"
“We’re in this together,” he looked Cas in the eyes, “the three of us. You, me, and Jack, I will always make sure you're both safe.”
The horse shook its head in response and Dean smiled. He gave Elskan one last pat then turned and began his trek up the steep hill.
He popped back into the car and Dean and Cas both laughed. "As much as I like your brother, I definitely don't want him to kiss me."
~~~~~~~~~~~
“Right…” She could hear the disappointment in Cas’s voice through the phone, “Text you later.”
“That would be great,” Sam nodded to him and they all got in the elevator.
‘I am not busy, Heaven is slowly being repaired. What snag?”
So he nodded to himself, trying in a way to convince himself it was okay, then scrubbed a hand down his face as he looked up to her, "It, uh… it happened right after he allowed himself to be truly happy."
"I'm not asking for much here, but when I… died," he drawled, "of course all of hell assumed my throne was up for grabs and gave it to my mother of all people, and when the time comes, you could help me get it back. Besides, I think you could benefit from having friends in low places, don't you?"
Dean let out a breath as his dad went on.
Cas nudged a blushing Dean forward to the edge of the stage and urged him to answer, though he could tell that he was still nervous and obviously not used to the attention and praise over his dancing. “I… I taught myself, actually. I used online video tutorials, and also just watched and studied other dancers. And Cas, he's helped me to perfect my moves, I wouldn't be anywhere near this good if it wasn't for him.”
“That’s him, that’s Castiel.”
The prince turned and walked back to the top of the stairs as the old woman moved to reach for her rose, nearly falling over as she did. The youngest prince who had watched on in horror, hurried down the steps to gather the delicate flower and gently handed it to the old woman.
“Destiny.”
“What?” Ash asked, trying to see exactly what dean was looking at, but seeing nothing exciting.
“I’ll get it,” he said, then tossed over his shoulder, “and don't you dare think this conversation is over, Cassie.”
He thought about it for a moment, and while he knew Sam was right, that Cas would always make time for him no matter what, he still didn't want to cause him any distractions. “Yeah, we’ll see. Let's just get back to the motel then I'll decide.”
Sam nodded against his head then they parted. He stood and watched as Dean began walking towards the cliff that hung over the sea below, and the small shack that made its home atop it. His brother had always been a wise man, he only hoped he would do what he knew he had to and make the right decision for their people.
“Ah, Mr. Edlund,” Vincent exclaimed, taking the man's hand, “it's nice to see you again.”
He grabbed one with the most icing he could find, and shoved nearly the entire thing in his mouth and asked between bites, “Was everything alright here today?”
“You are a wonderful man, Dean Winchester,” Cas pulled on Dean's hands and brought him closer, “I am glad you persisted and convinced me to go out with you tonight.”
“I wish you’d stay,” Dean just gave him a look that asked him not to argue, and Ash put his hands up in defeat, “but if you’re sure, then I’ll walk you out, good buddy.”
“And did Mr. Melden have any troubles with any of the guests lately?” Dean asked, “Any arguments or unhappy customers that he may have dealt with.”
"Okay, what next?"
“The night it happened, were you here?”
Sam placed his phone back in his pocket and opened his own computer, typing a few words before turning the computer to face Dean. “That was Bobby. He caught wind of a job he wanted us to go check out in Kalamazoo, Michigan.”
“Yes!” He nearly shouted, not even noticing the mischievous smirk on Dean's face.
"Would he still be proud if he knew I wore tights and danced in pointe shoes?"
“This makes no sense,” Sera furrowed her brows as she walked through the halls, “there's no EMF at all. So, even the past accounts of hauntings here are bogus, and whatever killed Jerry Melden was not a spirit.”
"You're nervous," he whispered into Dean's ear as he leaned impossibly closer to Cas.
