Cas limped himself to Dean’s ship that night. His back was in bad shape and his head was fuzzy. As soon as Dean saw him, he picked Cas up and took him to Gilda.
. He thought of eating more, but he felt his stomach squeeze at the thought of it, so he clasped his hands together instead, waiting for Crowley’s voice to cease so he could speak.
“Why are you here, Meg?” he asked, unable to keep the edge out of his voice. “I’m very tired and wasn’t planning on entertaining when I got home.”
“We couldn’t find you anywhere!” Benny began, and Castiel snapped his eyes over to him. “You just vanished and we tried everything to find you, but—”
Castiel dug his nails into Dean’s back as the pace sped up, undulating down to meet the bruising thrusts Dean gave him. He was moments away from falling over that edge again when Dean spoke up again.
“Cas, your libido is fucking insane,” Dean said, . “You know this. Everyone knows this. We leave every party or whatever early so we can have sex.”
“D-Dean?” Castiel whimpered, grabbing ahold of the quilt under him and gripping it with all his strength.
Dean slid his hand to the back of Cas’s neck for support, “How you doin’? You okay?” he asked, stroking Cas’s thigh with his other hand. Cas’s arms unwrapped from around Dean’s shoulders and he sighed deeply. Dean’s brow furrowed in concern and he asked, “Was that too much?”
to be touched that deep. It drove him absolutely crazy. His fingers dug bruises into Dean’s arms and back while his nails left angry red lines.
“Yes,” Cas gasped, moaning loudly as Dean bottomed out. He closed his eyes and bit his bottom lip at the pleasure that coursed through him at being so full again. The stretch Dean made him feel, the feeling that he would never be completely ready for but he didn’t want it any other way.
“Hey, listen, let’s make a rule that you don’t have to apologize for things you shouldn’t be sorry for. Especially when you’re around me, because look, from my perspective you’re awesome and everything you do is awesome, so I don’t think you have to be sorry for just being you. Because you’re…” Dean paused and took long enough that Castiel had to take a peek to see what he was doing. Castiel’s heart thudded to stop when he caught Dean’s eye and he felt like electricity was running through his body. “You’re
Rage tore down Castiel’s resolve not to give King Dean anything—rage made him break and begin sobbing.
Sam snorted, “You got that right. He was more of a father to me than John ever was or ever will be.”
Dean’s breath caught as he realized where Castiel was looking, and he instinctively tilted his head to the side, inviting Castiel to scent him for the first time.
“If you’re not a fan of beastie fights then why are you at an arena,” Castiel asked. “I mean. That’s what arenas are for.”
“Yes,” the King said, making the move to turn around. Castiel immediately looked to the ground, but kept his ears open and his body ready to move if anything changed. “Is that what you wish to do, then?”
After delaying this fight another two days for Castiel to heal more, Castiel was more than ready. He’d hated backing out or rescheduling fights. It made him irritable and restless not being able to get into the ring. And ever since what happened with Dean, Castiel was even more ready to prove that nothing had actually changed. And winning before the fight had truly started was a good step.
have town meetings or other duties he had to attend to, Cas could spend all day with Dean doing whatever they pleased.
Castiel thought for a moment, figuring what the harm could be in seeing Dean again. He liked the feeling he got when Dean said kind things. And when their hands would brush it was like this bolt of electricity shot through him that made him feel alive. What was the harm in giving Dean his number?
“We have to clean up before we go out,” Cas said, twirling locks of Dean’s hair between his fingers. Cas could practically feel Dean’s smirk before he saw it.
“Your dad sounds like a dick,” he said, and Castiel snapped his head up to look at Dean. “I don’t mean to speak ill of the dead, but Jesus. Did he actually tell you that you weren’t special?”
“What is there to talk about?” Castiel asked, trying to pull Dean in for another kiss one more, “I want you, alpha.”
“Maybe,” Cas whispered, “But only because of the circumstances you were forced into.” He rested his forehead against Dean’s. “But you know you’re not, don’t you?” Cas felt Dean nod his head.
“We should wait,” Dean said. Castiel shook his head vehemently and grabbed onto whatever of Dean’s he could in desperation.
“Sh,” he said, coming up to kiss Cas. Dean sucked Cas’s bottom lip into his mouth and bit down lightly before pulling away. “I got you.” Dean sat back up and took Cas’s length in his hand.
“I still feel icky,” he said, pausing to look through his tea. “I have chamomile, green, black, and peppermint.”
“And unless the next words out of your mouth are an apology for your lack of manners or appreciation for my mercy, I would advise you keep your words to yourself,” Castiel said.
“Oh, I do know,” Dean said, looking back in his fridge for something to drink other than water. “Apple juice? Milk? Oh, I’ve got some tea and honey I can whip up real fast?”
Dean took him to the dining hall, and Castiel felt even giddier as he saw that Dean had the table prepared already. There were two diner plate cloches, one at Dean’s usual head of the table seat, and then one at the spot to the right of Dean’s. Castiel’s usual seat at the table.
As of now, this is the only fic I have planned for the “Angel Academy” AU, but I haven’t watched the second season of Umbrella Academy, so maybe I’ll be inspired to add another fic to this universe. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Let me know if that’s something you’d be interested in.
Cas stuck his tongue out at Dean. “Lucky,” he joked, pecking Dean on the cheek. “I’m still exhausted, too.”
in the world, people don’t. Especially omegas. I want to change that by giving omegas and youths a safe haven where they can get a sense of support so they can accomplish their goals and achieve their dreams.“
Castiel didn’t understand what Dean meant by that for several solid seconds. And when it clicked for him, he jerked back in shock. “You... You have ordered your guards to kill you if you become like your father?”
Dean laughed breathlessly, but did as he was told, kissing, licking, and biting over Cas’s neck. He stopped every few inches to suck a purple blotch into Cas’s skin, making Cas moan softly with each bruise. Cas begged for more when Dean was done. He got worked up the more Dean kissed him, and the more worked up he got, the closer he was to coming.
“Dean, please,” Castiel mewled, panting as Dean’s hands slid down his sides and hooked into the panties he was wearing.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean, but smiled still. “Yes. I would like for you to knot me tonight.”
“Are you… Are you still coming?” He asked, kneading his fingers into Cas’s stomach and letting out a breathy laugh as he felt Cas’s muscles twitching and spasming. “No,” Dean said, digging the palms of his hands into Cas’s abdomen. “Not coming, exactly. But you’re not
“When an apology is due, I give it because I may be an alpha, but I’m also a man.” Dean moved closer again.
“Stop being childish.” Jo stood up, walking over to Dean. Even though she was about a head shorter than Dean, she was still scary as hell. “You
Gilda looked into Dean’s eyes, “You’re scared.” She said, “You’re scared that when you do take him with you that he’s going to wake up one day and realize he doesn’t love you. That he could do better than you.”
“Alas, omega,” Dean said. Castiel pretended to be grumpy, but as soon as he felt his mate climbing back into bed and nuzzling into his side, he let the facade fall. He enjoyed the few minutes of contentedness with his mate, well aware that they would need to get up soon to face the audience of a King from a small kingdom they shared some miles of their eastern most border with.
“Are they serious?” Gabe asked, slamming his cup down onto the bar and jogging after them, yelling about how stupid they were being.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said, his voice barely above a whisper. Cas immediately wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and pulled him into a kiss, only breaking because Dean needed to catch his breath.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Dean managed to get out between kisses. “I love you.” He moved from Cas’s lips to his jaw and then to his neck, tracing his tongue along the hollow of Cas’s throat. Cas closed his eyes and tilted his head back. He started moving his hips in figure eights and pulling on Dean’s hair enough to make him sigh against his neck.
Dean had done so much for his brother. He’d done everything he could to keep him safe from alphas, and he’d never taken advantage of his status against those who couldn’t fight back. Hell, the first night Castiel met Dean, Dean had practically killed Alastair to keep the alpha from raping him. And every night since then, he’d been happy to just talk—and with no mention of repayment for what he’d done.
He’d almost died last night. And Jo was right, he could have gotten any of his siblings killed… He just wanted to help, but maybe it
“What?” Gabe looked around at everyone. “You all really wanna stand here and talk about dad, then let’s be honest. He was cold, unloving, manipulative, and abusive. He treated us like lab rats and—”
“Hm, they were your first drafts, though,” Dean said. Castiel shook his head and smiled to himself, diverting his attention back to Dean’s work.
Lastly, the new version won't be posted for a long while. I've got other projects I've got to work on (original projects) and I've got school I need to think about, so... It'll be a while.
Dean’s eyes flared before he flicked them to Cas. “C’mon,” he said. “We shouldn’t talk about this here.” Dean pivoted and walked swiftly towards his ship. Ava started following him almost immediately. Cas chanced a look at her profile and saw a smile tugging at the corners of her lips.
Castiel paused at that. The way she’d said it irked him; like the idea of them being family was some profound connection that couldn’t be severed. Like it meant more than his bond with Dean just because they were family.
And tried to push Dean’s mouth back onto his painfully hard cock. Dean sat up, moving back to connect his lips with Cas's as he blindly reached out for the oil. Cas gripped at Dean's hair and scratched at his scalp, whining unintelligible pleas into Dean's mouth while the man coated his fingers with the oil.
“Dean,” Cas whispered almost inaudibly. He wasn’t strong enough to get up and let his oversensitive length breathe. The older man could tell the stimulation was getting to be too much and probably somewhat painful. “Nuh!”
Dean choked on the sip of his wine he’d taken and began coughing. He set his cup down as harsh coughs wracked his body. Castiel just sat patiently, waiting until Dean regained his composure a minute or so later.
Gadreel laughed, surging up to bite at Rachel’s neck playfully. The two of them giggled and pretended to fight before sobering up again—well, as much as they could in their inebriated state. Castiel just shook his head, smiling to himself at their antics.
“Why?” Alfie demanded, blocking the guards from getting into Castiel’s room, “He has not had his first heat yet, you cannot take him. That is what the rule stated!”
“I’ll tell you, Dean. I’ll tell you each time an alpha ‘wouldn’t keep their hands to themselves’,” Castiel spat Dean’s words back at him, “at least, the times I can remember. Because like you said, I’m an omega in a world where alphas don’t even try and keep their hands off.”
“Right,” Dean breathed out. He took a moment to breathe in and then out in an attempt to ground himself. “What about… I… Thirty.”
“Moving on, as I was saying, due to the reaction I got when we met last, I thought it would be wise and appropriate to discuss, well, us. Our future, if there even is one,” Dean said. Castiel clenched his jaw and pressed his lips together. King Dean was playing a dangerous game and if Castiel didn’t move his pieces just right, he would end up losing. “I have to ask, Castiel, what do you feel for me?”
“I want Dean to take me with him the next time he leaves from Heaven,” she stated. “I can’t take this shit town anymore.”
rough?” Dean asked, quickening his hand. “You’ve got to be the most spoiled angel in all of creation.”
"Ah!" Cas yelped and spasmed when Dean touched his stomach with the cloth and whimpered as if it burned him.
“Oh,” Dean whispered. He was quiet for a long time before tentatively reaching out to take Castiel’s hand again. “What do you want me to do?” He asked, “How do you want me to deal with them? What do I need to do?”
Castiel nodded. Dean let out a breathless laugh and practically jumped over his desk to run and hug Castiel.
He pushed himself out of his chair, looking over at his bed. Lisa and Ben were sleeping under the covers. It wasn’t a normal occurrence. Their room was across in the hall—the one Dean and his crew used to store their most expensive goods. It’d been converted to a cabin for Lisa and Ben not too long ago when Dean had had enough of the Braedens sleeping below deck with the rest of his crew. Dean wanted them to be close, but also to have their own space.
Castiel looked at the food longingly. In truth, he was famished. He’d never had a heat before, but he’d been around when Alfie and the other servants had gone through them and they always needed extra food.
“Yeah, no, me too, I’ll call you and we can get coffee or something,” Dean said, and Castiel nodded as he looked up at Dean. “I, uh, I should let you get home now, so, I’ll… Go. Uh, well, you’ll be hearing from me,” Dean finished, gave Castiel another smile, and then turned and began walking back in the direction that he and Castiel had come from.
Principal Harvelle forcefully sat the kid down, scowling at him and she made her way to her office door.
“We didn’t know what to do, you were gone and we were all so sorry for what we did to you,” Rachel said, and Benny nodded in agreement as he strode over to add his own arms to the  hug.
“Yes,” Dean whispered, dragging his thumb across one of Cas’s nipples, “Cas? Do you need something?”
“There’s one more thing I want to try, but that's for when we get back tomorrow night. And only if you want to try it.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Cas asked, scooting closer and sliding his hand from Dean’s face to settle over his heart.
Maybe it was nothing. Maybe Dean had taken a trip farther than the town. There was no need to be worried, if he just looked farther Dean’s thoughts would be out there…
“Bullshit,” Dean said, and Castiel almost looked back up at him. “You are special. So what if your siblings could play the piano by age three or do long division in kindergarten or whatever. My brother is technically a genius, but does that mean I’m not unique, too?”
Dean said, and Castiel was glad that they weren’t talking in person because with how hot his face was it would have been embarrassing. He wanted to answer, he really did, but he couldn’t get his voice to work.
“Wow…” Castiel thought about the weight that had to be sitting on Jo and Rachel’s shoulders from finding their mother practically murdered. “I’m sorry.”
“I’ve already considered my options,” Cas whispered, placing a kiss on the back of Dean’s hand. “I know you’re scared that I’m going to change my mind or regret coming with you. But I promise you I’m not going to.”
“Dean,” Cas pleaded. “Just let her join; if you don’t she’s going to tell everyone about us and you’ll never be able to come back to Heaven.”
The hands holding his wrists went away and Castiel scrambled to the other side of the bed, crawling off and away from the revolting piece of furniture, into the corner of the room. He made himself as small as possible, crying so hard it was getting getting difficult to breathe.
or reason for leaving or anything.” Cas’s eyes changed and Sam saw nothing but fury in them. “No letters, no messages in a bottle, nothing!
“D-Dean!” Cas gasped. He was almost completely out of it and entirely focused on Dean’s mouth on his hip bones and his fingers pinching and pulling oversensitive nipples.
“But—” Dean was cut off as Cas yanked him back on top of him with strength Dean didn’t know Cas even had.
Metanoia - a transformative change of heart. | Song Recommendation (and title inspiration) - Fake Love by Cemetery Sun
“You are forgiven this once,” Castiel said, “Now that you have your answer, I expect you to let all your subjects know that Winchester is open to all men, women, and children who seek asylum, regardless of designation. And I expect you to allow any who wish to emigrate to do so freely and without consequence.”
“Yes, that is quite sweet, still, Cas, are you prepared for it?” Alfie asked, worry very present on his face as he spoke, “Someone has explained what will happen, right?”
And then he saw a flash of red overcome that green, but it didn’t scare him, surprisingly. No, it made him feel even safer.
Castiel quirked an eyebrow. The owner of this arena was a beta named Amara Shurley. Her father was one of the people responsible for beastie fights becoming legal. And once the law had passed, the company the Shurley’s built,
“Pie?” Dean asked. Aidan nodded enthusiastically. “Holy crap, man. I would love to have a dream about pie. I love pie. It’s my sixth greatest love in this world.”
“I bet I could’ve made it really...” Cas paused, making Dean looked up at him curiously. “...special for you.”
“You finally decided to join us, huh?” Jo said as they came to a stop under the cover of a willow tree that hadn’t been nearly this big six years ago. Time tended to do that to living things, though, didn’t it?
“Oh, my god,” Cas gasped for air. “Dean, oh, my god.” He bottomed out, smiling a little at the feeling of Dean's thighs beneath him.
Cas could sense her unasked question. “If he gets any worse, I’ll tell Dean, but as it stands right now, I don’t need Dean to come and save me. I’m fully capable of taking care of myself.”
“They’re all on the quarterdeck,” he answered, nudging Cas back out of the mess. Cas beamed at him and walked out, running into Charlie.
“You need help getting them to the car?” He asked. Castiel shook his head and set Claire down. He told her to grab onto the other belt loop and thanked her when she did. Then, he turned back to Dean.
Cas groaned in frustration, at the point of not even caring if his own father was about to walk in. He just wanted Dean to fuck him. “D-don’t care. Faster! Harder!” Cas begged.
Dean cracked an eye at him and raised an eyebrow, “Do you really have to ask?” Cas smiled shyly and nodded, lowering himself down very slowly. His mouth fell open and a quiet gasp left his mouth.
“Yeah! Right, yeah, dinner,” Dean said, and laughed like he was slightly embarrassed. “Um, let’s go.”
“It’s simple, Castiel,” His father smiled bitterly. “I don’t want you to say anything.” Cas sobbed, making his father sneer and let go of him. Michael stood up and threw the poker next to Cas, who had collapsed. The loud clang made Cas jerk away from it and sob loudly again. Cas brought his hand up to his mouth to stifle the noises. "I want you to do as I tell you and quit screwing everything up!"
Cas was a crying, whimpering mess when Dean finally flipped the young man back over. “Please?” He begged, “Please, I need you.”
“You would have been devastated enough that you wouldn’t have been able to control your powers,” Meg explained, and her sincerity
And then Dean thrust against him firmly as he knot expanded inside Castiel, locking them together as they both came. Dean’s seed spilled inside him and there was a sharp pinch in his neck that had Castiel painting his and Dean’s stomachs with his cum. He he was Dean’s now, and that was all he could want. All he ever wanted for the rest of his life.
“I… I am.” Dean looked at the ground, his entire posture crumpling in on himself. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, and the next thing Castiel knew, his nose filled with the scent of shame and guilt.
“What is the matter?” He asked, his voice quiet and sincere. The genuine nature of his tone only made Castiel sob harder, “Castiel, please,” Dean said, “What has you upset?”
“Dean!” Sam’s muffled voice came through his door. Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding and got up to answer. He was met with a grim looking Sam followed by a pale Chuck.
Dean stepped forward, looking like he was about to walk over to Castiel and Castiel’s fight-or-flight response kicked in.
“For now, we agree to disagree. But in the future, I’m going to get you to see you’re not what you think you are. You’re so much more.”
“Thank you,” Sam shot Benny a quick smile before turning back to Cas. “Dean was a punching bag for our dad until the day he was sold to Alastair. John took everything out on him. Our parents’ marriage was not good. I was only six months old when our mom died, so I don’t remember her like Dean does.” Sam paused to get his point across and only continued after Cas nodded to him. “After he and Benny got out of Purgatory, we bought the Impala and then we set sail. It was just us three, and I didn’t want to lose Dean again, so I usually bunked with him. He doesn’t know this, but he used to talk in his sleep.”
“A little,” Dean responded quietly. He rolled Cas on top of him and then maneuvered them until they were both under the covers.
Castiel felt it then. That feeling Alfie had told him to watch out for, because when it hit you, it hit you suddenly. And it hit Castiel then; hard enough to knock the wind from his lungs.
Castiel finally turned down the aisle labeled ‘baking supplies’ and stopped dead because he found where that smell was coming from: one of the two men looking at sugar and flour.
“Well, to begin: heats are week-long cycles omegas go through every three to four months. It is when our inner wolf is ready to be mated and we’re at our most fertile. And the first thing I should warn you is that, during the next wave, you will be producing slick, and you need to know that there will be a lot of it. It will not feel entirely pleasant, though that is normal and natural and nothing to be worried of. Another thing to not worry about before, during, or after your heat is that you will not be as cognizant as you normally are. And that is due to the biological need your omega feels to be with your mate. The emptiness you will feel and the inherent need to be full will be very overwhelming, and at times painful. It will feel like you are going to die, however it will pass, and you will be alright,” Jess said, taking a pause and shifting uncomfortably, “Now is the, uh, the time I am supposed to tell you about the heat aids we have, except Ellen has the chest they are kept in, so… We will discuss that when she and Charlie get back.”
Alfie was almost three decades older than him, but Castiel was happy for the friendship. Alfie taught him things about the kingdom and what he knew of how the people outside the castle lived. To Castiel, that seemed like a dream: not to be promised to someone—to have your future be clear and ready for you to make it what you want? Castiel wanted that.
“Fuck!” Cas yelped, moaning Dean’s name loudly as the man started fucking into him, pulling him back by his hips as he thrust forward — hard. He threw his head back as moans were punched from his lungs with every pull and push of hips. “Harder!”
Castiel jumped up to stand on the bed he vaguely remembered climbing into sometime during the night.
Cas smiled at how happy Dean looked, filling his plate with a slice from as many of the dishes as he could. He sat down across from the Captain and felt an overwhelming surge of warmth flow through his body. This was Dean…
lying to me!” More hits against Cas’s back. Cas was on the floor and trying to keep his sobs in. “So you must think I’m a fool!” Michael punctuated each word with a violent whip on his son’s back.
“How do you feel?” She asked softly. Castiel could only groan in response. Ellen smiled softly at him. “I understand,” she said. Castiel buried his face in his pillow and groaned again.
“Oh.” Dean came over and stopped beside Castiel, reaching up to the top shelf to pull down a piece that looked like an angel. It was painted beautifully and if Castiel was more confident, he would say it looked a bit like himself. “This one. I finished it last night, actually, and um, forgive me if I’m being too forward, but I made it based on you.”
“We don’t know anything about Dean!” Rachel yelled, her voice shrill and irritating to Castiel’s ears. He hated when she got like this. “He
“Fine.” Amara’s tone was tight, and Dean knew he had angered her. “Don’t go around whining if you don’t need me, then.”
“I want to do that again,” Cas mumbled, bringing his arms into his chest. “I want you to completely tie me up.”
“How do you mean?” Alfie asked, holding Castiel tighter as the three omegas before them exchanged sad looks.
“Ten more minutes,” Dean said, “then we will have to get you dressed for the meeting with King Alastair of Purgatory.”
“Me too,” Dean said. Cas opened his arms and Dean settled into them. He rested his chin on the top of Dean’s head.
“Okay,” Dean said, smirking and letting go of the corner of the blindfold. Cas’s vision was back to complete darkness. “Well… What do you want me to do?”
After that, they snuck onto Dean’s ship and Cas helped with some of the repairs. That had been around five in the evening. Now, it was eight; and they’d spent the last hour and a half together on Dean’s bed, half-naked and only shedding more clothes when the temperature got to be too much under the covers.
“I love you, too,” Dean said into Cas’s hair. He hugged Cas tighter and smiled, rocking them to the sound of imagined music.
“Thank you, but it’s not noble. It’s what’s right. What’s needed, honestly,” Dean scoffee. “And, like, you’re a beta, right? So, you can relate on some level because even betas are discriminated against. And that’s what I want to get rid of.” Castiel blushed deeply and looked down at his hands. He’d forgotten Dean wouldn’t be able to scent him with the blockers he was on. Dean continued when Castiel didn’t say anything, “I mean, everyone deserve to feel safe and because there are so many selfish pricks—or should I say there are so many selfish
“Perfect, keep it that way for now.” There was an edge in Dean’s voice that gave Cas the chills. He wouldn’t want to disobey him.
“What do you want?” Dean asked. Cas pursed his lips and squinted as he thought. His face was contorted into a look that was entirely too adorable and wholly Cas.
“That’s just it,” Castiel said, and looked down at his lap. “I mean, didn’t dad say that time travel could mess with your mind? Maybe you—”
Cas giggled, “Dean The Righteous Man Winchester, The Pirate King, the most feared man to sail the seas, masturbates in the shower?”
Castiel hugged himself tighter, but did as he had been asked and turned to face the King. He didn’t look up though.
Castiel glanced around, his eyes widening in awe at all the intricate little clay objects he saw. There were a lot of cups—some simple, some not. There were big and small vases, plates and bowls, teapots, and many other things. As Castiel looked farther along the shelves, he saw little sculptures of people dancing, wolfs, owls, and other creatures. There was one that looked like a vampire being beheaded by a man with a machete. Castiel had to move closer to look at all of them because the closer he got, the more detail he could see, and they were stunning.
“We don’t fu—” Cas started to protest her terminology, but thought better. The less she knew, the less danger he and Dean were in. “I don’t know what to tell you.”
Castiel felt tears begin gathering in his eyes again and when Ellen pulled away she laughed and shook her head.
“Hey.” Cas snapped his head forward to look into Sam’s eyes. Sam grabbed him and threw him over his shoulder, carrying him towards the shoreline.
.” Cas sobbed in response as he dug his nails into the meaty part of his palm. Dean let go of Cas’s hair to hold Cas’s hips still as he continued his pace.
“Castiel, I am not going to strike fear into my subjects the way my father did and I will not have the omegas of my castle fear closing their eyes at night. I am young, new to all of this, still, I rule how I feel is right. How I feel is just and fair to protect and serve those who deserve it,” Dean said, “I know it is hard to believe that I am different from my father to any degree. I know what an absolute monster he was. I know the horrid acts he performed on unwilling omegas. What he did to the omegas we took prisoners during unnecessary wars. What he—” Dean stopped abruptly, taking a deep breath as he collected himself once again, “What he did to my mother.” He brought his hand up to wipe at his face a moment later, shaking his head in anger and disbelief. It took a moment for Castiel to realize that Dean had wiped away a tear and Castiel mentally stumbled back several steps at the show of blatant emotion. “I hated my father. I still do and I sincerely doubt I will ever stop. Even so, I learned what I needed from him in order to rule, and not a single thing more. And because of him, I made my vows to this kingdom and my subjects to be a better man, a better king, and a better alpha than he could ever wish to be.”
“Thank you.” Cas’s voice was warm against Dean’s neck. The two of them stood in the Captain’s cabin for a long while, embracing and comforting one another. Neither of them were really sure what they were being comforted for, but that didn’t stop them.
He looked back to the window, opting to stay there for another hour or so until it got dark. After that, he decided he’d go to meet Dean. Although he knew his father would be upset about him not being home for supper that night, he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
When Dean started getting light headed, he figured he should pull away, because if he was lightheaded—him, with his old swimmer’s lungs—then Castiel had to be even farther along to oxygen deprivation. And Dean couldn’t have that, so Dean broke the kiss and laughed breathlessly as Castiel tried to follow him, whimpering when he wasn’t able to connect their lips again.
The butterflies wilted and fell into the pit where Castiel’s stomach used to be, because he knew that voice.
Cas felt like he’d been punched. Like the wind had been knocked out of him. He’d never seen Gabe so mad. And to know that Gabe was mad at
Castiel fought to catch his breath at the same time he tried to fight back. He could feel the man pushing him into the wall with his body, and he would’ve kicked his feet out at him, but Castiel could barely feel them.
Castiel blushed as he nodded, and Dean licked his bottom lip between his teeth, taking a moment to let Castiel’s blush spread down to his chest.
“I overheard my oldest sister's friend talking about getting fucked by you and she described everything you did and how good it felt and I had just had my first heat—”
Three hours and thirty minutes later, Dean and Cas were arriving at the lake. He’d spent the morning and some of the afternoon with Charlie, Gilda, Benny, Sam, Kevin, Ash, and Jo; opening presents and stuffing himself with amazing food. But now it was just Dean and Cas.
When they got to the town square, both Alfie and Castiel had been completely taken aback. There were musicians and street performers making their living, there was a live theater performance happening and Castiel had been delighted by the performance.
Cas playfully rolled his eyes, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “I guess you’ll just have to get me to bed to find out for sure.”
“You were alright.” Castiel shook his head even though Dean couldn’t see it. “But were you happy? Are you happy now?”
"Please?" Castiel hiccuped out a sob. Dean finally took pity on him and moved his hand up to Castiel's mouth, tapping his fingers against Castiel's lips.
Sam was... Huge. He was a giant. Dean was already unnaturally tall, but Sam? Sam made him seem short.
“Forsooth, I am still worried about Castiel,” Bobby said, “If does not agree to be Queen, what then?”
“I got you,” Cas said, throwing his leg over Dean’s and pulling them closer together. “I have you, Dean, you’re here in my arms. Okay?”
Dean tried to sit up, but Castiel stopped him and shook his head, a fresh batch of tears welling up in his eyes. “Dean, you’re… You’re not dead!”
“Oh,” Castiel gasped, and didn’t know what he should say after. He knew that he wanted to ask Dean to kiss him, but he shouldn’t. He wanted to tell Dean that he was certain he was falling in love with him, but he shouldn’t say that either. Castiel wanted to tell Dean all the cliches in the book, but he knew he shouldn’t. “Dean, I—”
“Excellent!” Dean said, moving over to his computer and plopping down in the chair. “Rachel, can you turn the projector on?” He asked as he started typing on his computer. “What does anyone want to watch? Preferably something relatively historical, I mean. This is a history class.”
“Poughkeepsie is the word,” Dean interrupted Lisa, giving her a look that meant she just needed to listen. “If they don’t say that word, then you
Cas could see everyone still tied up there, even his uncle. He knew guests would arrive soon, and they would be freed. That wasn’t his worry. He was worried about how anyone planned to keep his father and the King from sending out ship after ship to find him. Kidnapping him in such circumstances was insane. They would all be hunted down until Cas was found.
Cas hopped up and allowed Dean to scoot between his legs. He rested his hands on Cas’s thighs as Cas spoke. “It was nothing, Dean.” Cas shook his head. He didn’t want to jeopardize his relationship with Dean.
Dean said, using his alpha voice. Castiel jolted off the bed in response and Dean felt more slick slide down his thighs. “I’m gonna come. You want my knot?”
“You’re just a stupid alpha bastard,” he said, pushing himself back up onto his knees, ignoring the stabbing pains he felt in his legs. “Bet you’ve got a small dick and a lame knot.”
“It’s okay,” Dean said. “Just don’t make a move on my lover again. If you do, that’s when we’ll have problems.”
He froze as he heard the tell-tale signs of his father walking into the kitchen. But he couldn’t turn around, or his father would know he’d been crying and he didn’t have a good excuse as to why at the moment.
Dean was silent for a moment, his face flickering with so many different emotions so quickly Castiel didn’t have time to decipher them all. And then it settled on an unreadable expression.
Dean shrugged. “No, I have to go,” he said, giving Abbadon a big, victorious smile. “Have at her ladies.” Dean turned and walked away from the scene, nodding to Sam and Benny on his way out of the town hall. Victor Henriksen—a man who’d been nothing but crucial to winning this entire war—was outside and waiting for him.
Castiel scoffed, anger rising in him. “What is it really that you want to know, Dean? You want to know my
“You’re just staring,” Dean said as he pushed his jeans down his legs, and if Dean hadn’t known why Castiel had been staring before, he knew now.
“Dean,” Cas gasped again and squeezed his legs around Dean’s waist. “W-What did y-you want to try with m-me?”
me!” Castiel gave a rough thrust that tugged on Dean’s knot just right and Dean moaned as he was thrown into another orgasm. “Yes! Alpha, god, yes! Come inside me!” Castiel cried, grinding and rocking with abandon atop Dean.
Benny nodded and said, “Aye, but I’ve made something special for you.” He pointed at the tray of food next to Cas’s bed. “Doctors orders.”
They each got dressed quickly and then left the Impala just as quickly, walking slowly on the path they took to get Cas home. The silence between them as they did walk was promising. Dean held Cas close, and Cas held Dean tightly.
“Yeah,” Gilda laughed. “I love Charlie and she loves me, but that doesn’t mean we can’t have a little fun with someone else from time to time.”
He began riding Dean, slowly at first but it felt so good he couldn’t stop himself from moving faster and faster because
Dean closed his door, looking over his shoulder to catch Castiel’s eye. “First things first, this door can stick and if you want to get out—” Dean locked the door and then showed Castiel how to jiggle the lock if it stuck. “—do that. Got it?”
Kevin may have disobeyed Dean by sending out a distress call, asking for help from any and all allies Dean had, but Dean was sure glad he did it because he hadn’t been expecting Abbadon to have prepared this much. She had to have spent months upon months sailing all over the world and asking each and any pirate ship she came upon if they’d like to be rid of him. And Abbadon had been able to recruit many, but for as many crews as she got on her side, there were two more who were either already loyal to Dean or knew that crossing Dean Winchester meant that even if they won, they’d still be doomed for eternity. Dean had connections; both in this world and the next.
“This bed isnt big enough for both of us to lie down on,” Cas said. Dean scoped out the bed before standing up and pulling the covers off of Cas. He came back onto the bed and pushed Cas’s legs apart to settle between them and use Cas’s chest as a pillow.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas took deep breaths, smiling at the feeling of Dean placing open mouthed kisses along his neck. “I’m ready.”
“It’s easy, Cas,” Ava said, using his nickname. It sounded like a threat coming from her. “Just tell me that when Dean comes back you’ll get me on board. And then, you’ll convince him to take me.”
Castiel bit the inside of his cheek to stop himself from saying it, but as soon as he opened his mouth to form a different response, it came pouring out.
“Fu-u-uck!” Cas whimpered between thrusts, his voice gone hoarse. Dean breathed out a laugh and kept fucking into Cas.
Dean’s hips jolted up into him, and Castiel pitched forward, wrapping himself around Dean and grabbing at whatever he could for purchase. He heard Dean growl deep in his chest and it made him mewl in response.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas said, giving Dean a reassuring smile. “It’s okay if you’re not able to share. You don’t need to force yourself to do something you’re not ready for.”
Michael came over to him and yanked him up by his hair. “Don’t ever let this happen again, Castiel. Do you hear me? You missed the most important meeting of your life.This arrangement could have changed everything for Heaven and for
But that good news comes with some bad news: Cas's father has hurt Cas again and it's not just a few kicks to the ribs this time.
Gabe looked over and couldn’t stop the cackle that slipped out, “Ha!” He quickly shut up with one look from Cas, though. “Well, they are prostitutes. And Dean is a well known wealthy man. They’re just doing their job.”
“Hm, you should see yourself,” Dean said, bringing his hand up to suck his fingers into his mouth. Castiel gasped softly as he watched Dean, letting out this small sigh of contentedness. When the taste of the omega’s slick exploded over Dean’s taste buds, his eyes rolled into his head and he moaned deeply.
“Castiel,” Alfie said quietly, putting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. The act of comfort made him feel better and Castiel looked up at Alfie, eyes pleading for him to offer some answer to what he should be feeling, “Dean is... He is different, Cas. While you were gone I was told more of all Dean has done for the kingdom, and...” Alfie looked away, “I am not saying you have to fall in love with him, but as far as alphas go? He does not seem to be the worst you could marry.”
“I don’t know,” Dean said, taking a hesitant step forward, inhaling deeply before bolting over to Castiel and burying his face in the man’s neck as he wrapped his arms around his waist.
“Get packed.” Michael turned on his heel and walked out of Cas’s room, leaving a sour taste in Cas’s mouth as he did. It took everything Cas had not to run into his bathroom right then and empty his stomach in the toilet. He couldn’t afford to waste that time throwing up instead of packing. If he did… He didn’t want to think what his father would do.
“What’s a prostate orgasm?” He asked, grinning lazily and sighing quietly every now and then. Dean looked at him and smiled amusedly.
“Gramercy, I think you will be impressed with it,” Dean said. He looked like he was about to offer his arm for Castiel, but then thought better of it. “Shall we?”
The next night, Castiel snuck into Dean’s bedroom not long before bedtime and undressed. He felt exposed and uncomfortable the more clothes he took off, but he needed Dean. He needed Dean to give him more. So, Castiel adjusted the plan and instead of laying atop Dean’s covers, he got under them and waited. He was supposed to touch himself to get himself aroused, but he didn’t need to. Just the thought of Dean had heat pooling inside him.
“Sorry,” Dean whispered, dragging his lips across Cas’s neck and up to his jaw. He kissed his way across Cas’s face before capturing Cas’s lips with his. It didn’t last long; both men needed air. But they didn’t want to stay separated for long and ended up pressing kisses to each other’s lips as they caught their breaths.
Castiel looked at Gadreel for a long moment, contemplating answering him. Instead, he shook his head, chiding himself for falling for Gadreel’s tactic. “Stop it, none of that matters.”
“Did you come without me knowing?” He lifted his eyes back up to see Cas shake his head as he sucked his fingers into his mouth. If Dean hadn’t come before this, he was sure he would have come just from that sight.
”You had a dream about candy land?” Dean asked, rocking back and forth as he stared intently at Aidan while he recited the dream he had the previous night. “Well, was it just candy or were there desserts there, too?”
“I have snacks in the cupboard above the fridge, and other miscellaneous items in the other cabinets,” he said as he finished making up the couch. “There’s juice and some waters in the fridge, so if you get hungry or thirsty, help yourself. But if you need me, my room is just down that hall.”
Castiel didn’t move from his position in the shadows. He shook himself and forced air back into his lungs.
“Yes and no,” Alfie interrupted, looking down at his lap, “Most omega servants are married off, or...befouled by one alpha or another before they reach their first heat, and therefore informing them of what happens during and after a heat? It is not seen as important anymore, since they have already been exposed to what is accepted as what should happen during a heat.”
Michael nodded. “I’d say so, yes.” Cas didn’t know how to respond to that, but luckily they came to a stop and didn’t have to continue.
“I think you misunderstood me,” Cas said. “You’re not enough reason to make me stay… Gabe, no one is. If you and Dean’s places were switched and he was on this island while you were the one with the ship, my love for him couldn’t make me stay here either.”
Castiel gasped and opened his eyes, breathing hard and heart racing. Tonight was the night of his match against Lucifer, and the alpha knew what he was doing.
Dean has scars. Both physical as well as mental and emotional. He's got a troubled past that could leave a person on a dangerous path. Luckily for him, he has his family to help him.
Dean sighed, “Okay, but stay behind me. I don’t know what’s happened.” Cas nodded, taking Dean’s hand in his own and following him to the main deck. The closer they got, the easier it was to hear the devastated sobs of a woman.
“Fuck,” Dean groaned and followed in his release, looking up at Cas’s face as he did. He thrust once more, almost collapsing at the whimpered moan that came out of Cas: completely wrecked and blissed out. “I love you…” Dean breathed. Cas panted, trying to catch his breath enough to respond. Of course, he didn’t need to. But he wanted to, and Dean gave him the time he needed to be able to recover.
“It was the intruders from last night,” Rachel said, “Jo and I found her this morning. Jo’s working on getting a diagnostics test done on her to get her back up and running, but it’s slow going.”
“Do you like it?” Jess asked. Castiel nodded and Jess smiled at him. She took the knife and cut into another pale yellow cheese, but this one had holes in it. “This one is emmenthal. It is a hard cheese,” she explained as Castiel put the piece into his mouth. It was fruity, but also acidic as he swallowed.
“So in two years we’ll be married in the eyes of the law?” Dean asked, a smile forming on his face as he wrapped his arms around Castiel. Castiel smiled back, sliding his hands up Dean’s arms and into his hair.
Dean's been docked for three weeks. His ship is all stocked up and fixed. The Impala's crew are itching to get going again.
Castiel’s head swam with unanswerable questions and answers for questions he didn’t even have. Questions he didn’t even know existed. Question he thought he didn’t want to exist.
He shook his head and looked over to find Gabe, but he was gone. Cas wasn’t majorly worried, but he was a little. Gabe did have a reputation for getting himself into trouble.
Cas, with his raven hair that seemed to always be styled in a manner of bed head. Those bluer than blue eyes that Dean was certain held entire galaxies in them. His lips that were the absolute best shade of pink and were plump and perfect. His shoulders and waist and hips—oh, those
Dean smiled, scanning Cas’s adorable face, “I’ll be here when you wake up,” he said, running his hands through Cas’s hair, earning a smile from his angel. “We can talk then.”
“You little bitch,” Alastair said, his words more of a growl than anything else. He drove his foot into Castiel’s side, snarling as Castiel cried out and wheezed. Alastair grabbed Castiel’s jacket and pulled him up so he could knee Castiel in the stomach. He did it a few times before dropping Castiel back to the floor and kicking him again. “I’ll put you in your place,” he said, pulling Castiel up and shoving him into the wall so he was facing it and his backside was exposed to Alastair.
“Dean!” Castiel mewled in response, and Dean’s hips stuttered. Dean leaned down to nip at Castiel’s mating gland, and the new sensation made Castiel feel this rush through his whole body down to where Dean was fucking him, and the next thing he knew he was coming.
“Jo!” Charlie scolded. But Dean was already carrying Cas away into their bedroom, pausing every few steps to sneak in some deep kisses.
“Oi! Dean!” Sam yelled, running down the dock towards them. “We have to go, sunrise is getting close, and Cas needs to get home before that.”
Before Castiel could stop himself, he was pulling his phone out and calling Dean, who picked up on the first ring.
Cas nodded his head, “Yeah.” Dean snapped his hips into Cas’s, pushing him up on the bed and making him cry out for all he was worth.
Cas gave Dean the time he needed and Dean tried to keep himself from dwelling on the possibility that Cas could change his mind at any time in the future. It was an almost crippling thought.
Dean imagined that he was with Cas, kissing his lips languidly. Like they weren’t in any rush and had all the time in the world—or rather, there was no such thing as time. He imagined that Cas was spread out beneath him, looking up with love and adoration in his eyes. That was something that Dean could never get tired of: the way Cas looked at him. He would never get over how amazing it felt that he was the one Cas shared himself with. Cas made Dean feel like a God. Or like he was flying.
Castiel stretched his wings up behind himself, not caring of the damage he caused as he pushed off and soared. Wind rushed past him and the world around him changed at a blinding pace.
Castiel felt like fire was lighting up every part of him, because he could feel Dean’s tongue moving against his member. The alpha alternated between teasing flicks against the head of his cock and flattening his tongue against Castiel’s length as he bobbed his head. And through it all, he would time these painfully pleasurable sucks perfectly and before Castiel knew what was happening, he was coming.
Dean gingerly untied his wrists and rubbed the light pink indentations from the rope and laid Cas down on his back.
“I love you, too,” Dean responded, rolling off of Cas and grabbing the towel he’d set on his nightstand to clean them up. He ran it down Cas’s torso and then folded it and threw it into his hamper.
“Thank you,” Dean said, both to Jo and Gilda. Jo nodded her response, and Gilda slung a bag over her shoulder, tossing one to Jo as well.
“That usually happens when a guy gets turned on.” Dean inhaled sharply, “Fuck, Cas,” he whispered, letting his eyes close and his neck become loose.
“Cas,” Dean said, the word holding an intense amount of heat. “I’ll fuck you, alright. I’ll fuck you good and hard.” He quickly flipped them so Cas was beneath him and then he pushed Cas onto his stomach on the bed, pulling him onto his hands and knees in one swift movement. “I’ll fuck you so good you won’t be walking right for
Dean figured he should do as much clean up as he could before Castiel woke up, and that meant carefully rolling over to pull out of Castiel. Which was an experience all in itself because as his cock slipped free of Castiel’s warmth, Castiel woke up for just enough time to flash Dean his golden eyes and voice a desperate
Number Three was Rachel, the only other omega besides Castiel, and she could persuade anyone to do anything. All she had to do was say,
His silence only seemed to egg Dean on, and before he could say anything about it, Dean’s tongue was pushing inside him, making him cry out and move his hand down to grip Dean’s hair tightly again. He felt every little movement of Dean’s tongue working inside him, pushing him closer and closer to that edge he loved. And then Dean added a finger and stroked that spot inside him that made him absolutely hum with pleasure. It only took a few strokes for Castiel to find his release, letting out a loud mewl as Dean pleasured him through it, adding a finger each time Castiel’s breathing began to slow. The sensations were almost too much for Castiel, and every a handful of pumps of Dean’s fingers, he was coming again and again and Dean only began to pull away when Castiel’s legs started shaking around his head. Before he removed his fingers from Castiel’s hole, he gave a few more pumps of his hand, stroking Castiel’s prostate each time before deciding he was slick enough and ready for him.
“Dean, receive and wear this ring as a symbol of my trust, my respect, and my love for you,” Castiel said.
“You can’t do that again, Meg. You were gone for eleven years, you can’t just disappear again without telling me,” he said, and Meg shrugged. “I was
“Alastair spent a whole year digging that scar into my back,” Dean ground out. “Each day he would cut through whatever had healed. I’m pretty sure that there was never a time where a part of my spine couldn’t be seen. Alastair made sure to let me know it, too. He’d force himself into me harder and tear my skin open more with his fingers... He said it was anniversary present. Gave it to me on our fifth.” Cas pushed himself away from Dean only enough to pry one of the man’s hands off his body and place it on his own frantically beating heart.
“I want you—” Cas interrupted himself as he moaned. “—I want you to fuck me. I don’t want you to make love to me, I want you to
Castiel just nodded again, tracking every small movement the man made so he would be ready just in case.
Cas smiled wider, placing his hands on Dean’s shoulders. “What’s it like being a pirate? What do people do on board? What jobs are there?”
You think you’re getting out of here? How cute,” Dean said, faking sympathy. “I’m not letting you anywhere near Heaven — or Cas, for that matter. As soon as we take off again, I’m sailing you to an island way out of the way of civilization and dropping your sorry ass there. You won’t be seeing another human for as long as you live.”
Castiel nodded, and waved goodbye as Dean turned and continued on his way. Castiel stared after him, little bubbles of happiness and hope filling him. And then Rachel moved in front of Castiel’s line of sight and gave him a look.
Dean took a moment to register what Cas was saying. A second later he was up and getting dressed with Cas by his side doing the same. “Shit!”
“Ben!” Lisa called, bursting into Dean’s cabin. She shook her head and walked over to grab her son. “I’m sorry, Dean, he’s just frightened by the storms.”
“No,” Cas said, “The medication isn’t talking right now; I’m talking.” Cas’s words were slurred and came out slow.
“Oh, my gods! Don’t stop!” Cas screamed, throwing his head back as he came, “Please don’t stop!” He went rigid, gasping and clawing at the bed sheets beneath him. “Fuck! Don’t stop!”
“Oh, lighten up. Would you rather me say ‘I’m gonna suck on your chest’?” Dean rolled his eyes as he smiled and Castiel let out a giggle. “Didn’t think so.”
Dean continued to stroke that spot inside him as Castiel rode out his orgasm, and only stopped when Castiel started letting out these little, breahty whines. Even then, though, he kept his hand still inside Castiel and waited until the omega relaxed back against the bed.
“No tears. Not today,” she said, and dabbed at the corner of his eye just as a tear escaped. “Now, I know you are excited, still, you must walk. No running.”
Ava didn’t answer. She sat on the bed frame and tried to make herself as small as possible. Dean shook his head in disbelief before turning and walking away from her cell. “Bye, Ava. Have fun with Garth for the next few weeks. It’ll be some of the last human interaction you have for a long, long, long,
to the institution of being allowed to choose. And he wasn’t naive. He knew to be cautious when out by himself. And the one time he hadn’t been, he paid the price for it.
“I won’t talk to them anymore,” he said. Castiel felt tears start coming to his own eyes and he hugged Dean tight. “Won’t associate myself with them, either.”
“What happened?” She asked, her voice calm but her eyes wide with surprise. “Were you mauled by a lion?”
“I’m not upset,” Cas rushed out, sitting down on his bed with his back to Gabe and crossing his arms as his uncle flopped down behind him, stretching out over half of the bed.
“Wakey, wakey,” Cas whispered. It was the morning of Dean’s twenty-ninth birthday. The first one Cas got to celebrate with the man. Needless to say, he was excited. But Cas didn’t want to do anything too fast or too soon and freak Dean out. He was going to take things slow today. “How are you feeling?”
“What?” Dean gaped. Cas ignored him and picked his book back up. Dean sighed and went back to work, unable to focus because Cas had started letting out little gasps and whines every now and then. “You’re killing me.”
“Yeah, why not? We already share a room and we’re basically married anyway—did you know that if you live in the same house with your partner for seven years, a common law marriage is issued,” he said, coming over to press Dean up against the counter by the sink.
Tugging Dean closer by his hair, Cas moaned as he felt Dean’s tongue trace along his teeth before tangling with his. Dean slid his hand down Cas’s body and palmed his groin with his hand, groaning as his hand made contact with the hardening member under Cas’s thin blue shorts.
“I have to go, Rachel,” he said, and hurried away, trying to process what had just happened because what he’d just did—what he’d just told Rachel was so unlike him.
He bent down to the floor, tying one end of rope to the foot of the bed by the nightstand before standing back up to walk to the other side of the bed to do the same.
“Mister Winchester!” She ran at him, throwing her weight against his body in a sobbing mess. Dean had to let go of Cas’s hand to catch her; he fell to his knees in the process with the woman in his arms. “They took him!”
“I’ve some good news,” Michael said suddenly. Cas heard him walking over to sit down at the table in the kitchen usually only the staff sat at.
“Is there anything else you need?” Ellen asked. Castiel took another sip of his water and shook his head. She was about to say something else, but a knock at the door had her setting everything down and striding over to answer it. “Good. We were wondering when you would arrive,” She said to the person on the other side of the door, “Castiel’s been waiting for you.”
Cas cried, “Please." He was not able to breathe well from the air being kicked out of him. There wasn't enough oxygen getting to his brain. He struggled to get up, but couldn’t. His body was too weak with pain, his brain was starved, and his vision was going blurry . “I’m sorry!” He cried before giving up and passing out on the floor, once more.
“What else do we need?” Castiel asked, looking back over his shoulder at his cousin, Gabe, who quickly pulled up the list on his phone.
“Cas!” Dean gasped, and Castiel watched as he tried to move his hands but he couldn’t. It was like a magnet was keeping them right where they were. Dean looked up at his arms and tugged at the invisible bindings, his face contorting into a look of confusion before he looked back to Castiel. “Cas are you—?”
Cas woke up to darkness. Usually, even in the wee hours of the morning, he was able to see a little bit. The moonlight always provided more than enough light to see when it would filter in through the window in the cabin. But now he couldn’t see anything. There was something blocking his vision.
“Nay,” Dean growled and grabbed Cas. He tossed him to the head of the bed on his back. Cas was sobbing and gasping for breath.
Castiel blew out the breath he was holding harshly and lunged forward, closing the gap between him and Dean. He braces himself with his hands on Dean’s chest and rose onto up as much as he could to press his nose rob Dean’s neck, breathing in Dean’s scent for what he thought to be the first time, but as he did, he realized he already knew this scent. This was the scent that was on the pillow and blanket he’d been given during his heat, that rich burning wood and calming air after a rain smell.
“You okay?” He asked. Dean nodded his head minutely, shifting his posture before looking up at Castiel and searching his face seriously. Castiel felt his face grow warm from the intensity and looked away. “You’re acting odd tonight.”
Jo was waiting for him when he got to the main deck. “How’d it go?” She asked, walking beside him cautiously.
“Shut it. Because I don’t mean to sound like an asshole or whatever, but the only ‘power’ you had in this—” Castiel gestured between the two of them. “—was the power to say no if you hadn’t wanted to have sex with me.”
Castiel was actually quite excited to meet him. “I would enjoy meeting Sam,” he said. Dean smiled again.
Crowley guffawed at that. “There is no budget! Only the best for my daughter! Even if it is for a second time,” he said, giving Meg a big, creepy grin.
Castiel tasted blood on his tongue and shook his head, letting go of his cheek and instead, grabbing a hold of his arm to dig his nails into his skin. This was new territory. Castiel couldn’t remember a time he’d been so at odds with his omega. Not even after that horrible night had he felt such opposing wants between the two of them.
He had to admit, this was a rather pleasant way to wake up. For just a split second, Dean saw himself waking up like this every morning next to Cas.
Dean swiveled to face Cas, “Do you want a massage?” He gave Cas a fond smile as he sat down on the edge of the bed, leaning over the boy bracing himself on his arm. Cas shook his head and tried to push himself up onto his elbows, letting out a soft sigh as he did.
you,” Cas said with a stiff jaw. He looked up at Dean and there was a fire in his eyes that made Dean wither a little bit.
“No, Dean, I’m okay,” Cas said, pulling away to look into Dean’s eyes. “What do you want me to do?” Dean slid his hands down Cas’s sides to cradle his hips.
“I don’t want to hurt you,” Dean said, panting as he pushed forward much slower than Castiel wanted.
“Sweetie,” Dean laughed, walking over to her as she stood. “You’re about to find out just how wrong you are.” In a sudden movement he raised his leg and kicked her straight in the chest, sending her flying backward again as Dean turned and walked swiftly back to his ship. “
“You better,” Cas laughed, looking back down at his book as Dean went back to the paperwork for his Demon Deals. Dean was able to get some work done before Cas got bored again. The kid started shuffling around on the bed and making suggestive sounds that had Dean almost snapping his pen in half.
Cas kicked Dean’s legs out from under him to feel the man’s weight on him as they stopped their hips and pulled their tongues out of the other’s mouth. They rested their foreheads together, their heated breaths mixing as they panted.
Cas immediately started to protest. “We can’t be seen with him, Gabe!” He tried to ground himself so Gabe couldn’t pull him any closer but had no luck.
“Yes, I am, gramercy,” she said, standing up straight to look in his eyes, “I simply…” She paused and then hugged him tightly, “Alfie may be the closest thing you have to a real mother, but I’ve come to think of you as my own pup, too.”
“Sh, baby," Dean soothed, pressing the pad of his finger against Cas's rim and rubbing against the sensitive ring. Cas inhaled sharply and his head fell back onto the pillows as a soft moan spilled out of his mouth. He breathed out a pleased sigh, thrusting his hips shallowly down in hopes of Dean's finger pushing into him.
“Go faster,” he said. Cas nodded and sped up — sitting up on his knees to the point where if Dean had been any smaller he would’ve slipped out of Cas — and all but slammed himself back down.
Alfie had been Cas’s rock through everything. In the two months he’d been in Heaven, he’d done little that he could remember. What he did remember? was of Alfie, holding him or laying on the other side of his bed at night because sometimes it was hard to be held or even touched; but Cas needed the company. It was hard to be alone at night.
Castiel laughed, and Dean couldn’t help but smile when he heard his boyfriend moving about the kitchen as he began his search for a new apartment. He felt the couch dip a moment later and looked over to see their new cat.
Benny hesitated, “Yes.” His face morphed into a look of deep thought. “But you also need to be patient with him. Push him to answer you, but don’t force him over a bridge he’s not ready to cross.”
“How does your chest feel?” She asked, looking into Cas’s eyes as she used her hands to press against where his father had hit him.
“Captain,” Chuck called, coming up beside Dean. “The ship has increased their speed; it seems as if they are going to attack.”
“It is not truly our place to tell you, however it has already been said, so… True mate means you are Dean’s perfect other half,” she said, “it means that the first time he laid eyes on you, he felt nothing but the desire to be close to you. To protect you, to be the perfect alpha for you. You being Dean’s true mate means he is in love with you. And he has been for your entire life.”
“I cannot control who I come from, Castiel,” Dean said, turning his body away just enough to be noticeable, “And I do not think it is fair to penalize me for that fact, because that fact about me matters not. What does matter is that I am not my father. I never was, and I pray to the Heavens I never will be. And in the case I ever to become like my father, I have a failsafe. My guards have their orders. And I have my replacement in line.”
“I love you, Dean,” Cas whispered, pulling him down into a heated kiss. “I love you enough for the both of us; and I’ll continue to love you until you learn to love yourself, too.”
“I need to see Sam,” he said, and guilt immediately settled in Castiel’s shoulders. “I’m getting tired of just video chatting with him. And school is getting out soon, so he’ll be coming back and staying at the house.”
strong. He’s gotta be strong for his job. He owns and operates his own contracting business after all, and installing air conditioners and building houses requires a lot of heavy lifting.”
“You want me to take your clothes off now?” he said, and Castiel nodded, watching in awe as Dean’s muscles rippled under his skin as he moved. “Sit up so I can take this off,” Dean said and Castiel quickly complied, blushing as he let Dean pull his shirt over his head. Dean kissed him as he pushed Castiel back to lie down, and then reached between them, undoing Castiel’s button and zipper.
“You’re not a bad person, Dean,” Gilda responded, standing up and pressing a kiss to the man’s temple. “You’re a person who has had horrible things done to him. And that’s not your fault. It was never your fault… You deserve to be happy.” She smiled at Dean and then walked out of the room.
“Yes, if you wish to drive him crazy, then you should arouse yourself on his bed. Even if he denies you tomorrow, your scent will be in his bed for weeks. He will not be able to control himself after a few days,” Meg said. Castiel thought about it, blushing deeply at the notion of touching his most intimate places in Dean’s bed. The place where the alpha’s scent would be most potent.
Castiel thought for a second that maybe Abomination didn’t have a weakness...but then he thought about only Abomination and the strikes he gave to Arkangel. They’d all been lacking in power behind them, but each blow had several more follow. They’d always been specifically placed. Always several in a row, not powerful, and—.
“Like, a panic room kind of box, Cas. But then this lady let me out and said you needed me. She said she was your mother?” Dean continued, and Castiel laughed, pushing his face into Dean’s neck to inhale lungfuls of Dean’s scent.
Just as Cas was finishing, Dean started to stir. “Shit,” Dean groaned as he pushed himself up. “Gods, my neck.”
Dean shrugged, wearing a shit-eating grin before he stuck his tongue out and then bolted away, following after Castiel into the kitchen.
“Ruthless, bold, selfish, angry, et cetera,” Jo announced. “That makes for a rounded pirate. We’ve been needing a new mate in the brig. Garth needs a buddy down there…” Jo trailed off. Cas could hear snickers and laughs, covered up with coughs, sound from the pirates on deck.
"You're absolute rubbish," Michael said. "Pathetic." He left Cas on the floor, sobbing and head throbbing.
“Oh, my gods,” Dean whispered. He closed his eyes, taking a deep breath before opening them. A hint of a smile came onto his face. “Okay, new plan. I—”
Cas saw Lucifer roll his eyes before craning his head around to look at Dean. “Is it against the rules to try and get with a pretty little twink on your ship or something?”
Still. One could never be too sure. God knew Dean had some underage omega’s try way too hard to get into his bed before when he was younger, despite his deliberate and calculated attempts to reject them.
It was a trying day. They’d gotten through it, though, and gotten Ben to bed. Lisa fell asleep soon after and that’s when Dean carefully extricated himself and started working. For the past two hours he had been sitting behind his desk reading carefully through his work and making any last minute changes he saw fit. At this moment, however, Dean was tired and he was ready for this day to end.
The muscles in Cas’s abdomen tensed up and he knew the angel was close. Dean stopped and pulled his fingers out. Cas’s hips bucked wildly and he whimpered out a breathy and desolate
Meg was silent for a long, long while, only speaking when Castiel lifted his hand up to check the time after what seemed like an hour.
Dean looked at the ground and shook his head, “No, no, no. That’d be too easy.” He looked back up into her frightened eyes. “I’m going to make you
“Yeah?” Cas asked, curling into the taller man’s side and scratching Dean’s back. “One could — and should — say, I’m the one who made you sore, too.”
“Are you okay to go back to bed or do you want to stay up?” Cas asked, moving his hands down to Dean’s chest.
“My consciousness is about sixty, give or take. After about a decade or two you kinda lose track of how long it’s been,” Meg said, “But I must have fucked up my math somewhere in jumping back and now I’m in my twenty-four-year-old body. Not gonna lie, not a bad way to come back. No more aches and pains in the joints.” She grabbed her peanut butter and banana sandwich and took a bite. Her brows furrowed as she chewed and looked down. Castiel followed her line of sight and watched as she picked up the newspaper article about their father’s death. “Heart failure, huh?”
good to know.” Dean turned to start heading to his bedroom. “But why only four inches? Where did you get your base for the measurement of how big an average alpha’s dick is? Because it’s
Dean smiled again before taking Cas’s hand and leading them to the mess. “In here is where we eat,” Dean said. It was a rather large room. All of his crew could fit in here and eat with room to spare.
“I have important work I need to get done,” Ash defended himself. “I’ve almost figured out a way to make our canons easier to target.”
Cas repeated, a dopey smile coming onto his face. “I missed you… I missed your voice, your face, your presence…”
job. She’s honestly one of my closest friends and she’s great at making sure I know what my crew needs and when they need it. Then Sam, he’s my Sailing Master, he maps out the course we’ll be taking when we set out. Ash, you met him, he’s weapons master. He’s one of the smartest men you’ll ever meet.
Ava smiled, “Thank you. Now if you excuse me, I have food to prepare for you and your mother and your father.” Cas quickly scrambled away from her, his heart pounding in his chest. He couldn’t have Ava going around and telling people his and Dean’s business. He just couldn’t… If she did, and Michael found out, Dean wouldn’t be able to come back to Heaven — ever. Even if Michael didn’t believe the rumor.
“Oh, baby,” Dean cooed, rubbing his thumb over Cas’s perineum and watching Cas’s pink hole tighten in anticipation. He moaned in appreciation at the sight, wetting his lips before diving in, flicking his tongue across the muscle few times. The surprised noises Cas let out were music to Dean’s ears. He slid his hands up the insides of Cas’s thighs, making his way to grip the boy’s hips. “I’ll have to try to make you come from just talking after this,” he said, smiling at the desperate whine Cas let out. “Explaining to you what I want to do to you?”
The conflicting emotions sometimes made him want to shut down again, but those were the times when he was painting he turned to Alfie for help. He didn’t want to spend the rest of his life going through the motions, exhausted by even the littlest of things. Cas wanted to survive with at least some comfortability, and if that meant dealing with the complications of feeling, he was fine to do it.
Castiel darted his eyes over to Jo to see her seething at him and he took a step back. He hated when this happened. Especially when it involved Jo because she never knew when to stop.
“I-I guess from the beginning,” he said, “I remembered the day I hurt dad. The day he decided he was going to hide my powers, but I don’t understand
“Oh!” Cas threw his head back and gripped onto Dean’s hair and tried to pull the man’s head towards his neck. He cried out when instead of sucking hickeys into his neck, Dean craned his head down to take one of his nipples into his mouth. “Dean!”
“What’s wrong?” Benny asked as he came up to stand next to Cas. Cas looked up at him for a second before looking back at Dean.
“I’m sorry, angel,” Dean said, his brow creased in worry and sympathy. “Do you want to talk about it, Cas?”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean mumbled to himself again. He was getting to the point of throwing Cas down on a table and taking him right then and there. Public decency be damned. “
“Oh, and newsflash, Jo, dad’s dead!” Gabe added, laughing still. “We’re free. You’re free. You don’t have to stay here and go on missions anymore!”
Castiel whimpered softly, rutting back against Jess and palming his groin until he felt an overwhelming pleasure overtake him. The wave of heat dissipated enough that he could think again and surprisingly, he wasn’t embarrassed. The scent from the pillow and blanket, as well as Jess’s calming and accepting scent surrounded him and put him at ease.
“Yes. Actually, my entire plan for today was thrown off because of how busy it got very quickly. I originally wanted to come over here this morning, but my parents threw me a surprise party a-and then one thing after another kept popping up and I wasn’t able to get away until… Until now.”
“Okay, Cas, I need you to focus on my voice and tell me where it hurts the most when I press, can you do that?”
“Th-thank you, I did, too,” Castiel said. Dean gave him a half smile and hesitated for a moment, looking like he was debating on leaving or not. Castiel was about to turn to leave when Dean sighed deeply and pulled his phone from his pocket.
“Castiel.” Cas felt someone’s hand on his shoulder, shaking him awake. “Castiel.” He blinked his eyes open to see his father standing there above him, a giant grin on his face. “Castiel, pack your bags. You’ll need a week’s worth of clothes. Hurry.”
“Does it feel alright?” Dean asked, just to be sure the look in Castiel’s eyes wasn’t due to pain. In response, Castiel let out this noise that made Dean grow harder and thrust faster; this cross between a pleased little sigh and a deep satisfied moan.
“One million.” Amara smirked and sat back in her chair. Castiel heard Gadreel react to that by choking on his gulp of absinthe, but Castiel didn’t care because as he had just tried to tell her: she could offer him all the money in the world and it still wouldn’t make a difference. But Amara just continued to smile as she said, “That’s more that you could ever hope to earn in the fights in your lifetime.”
“Calm down,” Benny interjected, giving Sam a careful look. The younger Winchester took a deep breath and nodded.
Castiel snorted. “Well, mine were full of plot holes and bad grammar,” he said as butterflies punched themselves into the walls of his stomach.
Cas nodded and pushed Dean onto his bed, fingering over the buttons at the waistline of Dean’s pants. “May I?” Cas asked, Dean smiled and sat up.
was Abomination’s weakness. And now that Arkangel had delivered it, Abomination couldn’t even stand up. His whole lower half had been incapacitated the second he’d tried to stand up. It was almost sad, looking at him now. He had to hold his upper body off the ground with only his arms. It was obvious Lucifer hadn’t spent time crafting or fortifying the skeleton of his beastie. He’d just gone with the first option presented and then gave Abomination the things he thought mattered most in a fight. Castiel wouldn’t deny that Abomination had served Lucifer well, but Castiel figured Lucifer had always been the smartest pilot in his matches until now.
“Yes,” He said slowly, “I told a lot of people. More than once. I wanted everyone to know that my mate was such a grand omega. And I was so happy that I was the one you chose…even if we had not met formally, yet.”
“Hey Cas,” Dean said, his voice light and cheery. Castiel felt the weight in his shoulders lighten just a fraction as he looked into Dean’s eyes.
Memories from earlier surfaced at that name and Castiel groaned again, bringing his hands up to cover his face. How touchy he was with Dean, how he felt like he would die if he wasn’t close to the alpha, how he practically turned feral when Rachel said Dean needed to leave… Castiel was stunned at how he acted. He hated alphas, but he’d practically just thrown himself at one. What the fuck was wrong with him?
Saturdays were Dean and Cas’s favorite days of the week. Cas didn’t have schooling or town meetings and he was free to spend them however he liked. And seeing as Michael
Yet, it didn’t help to calm him now. And it certainly didn’t help to keep him focused from not running into anything on his way home; because one moment he was laser focused on the sidewalk in front of him, and the next he was laying on top of someone on the concrete.
Cas felt Dean grab his hand, holding onto him tightly and keeping him close to his sturdy frame. “Where can we go?” Dean asked, leading his team off the ship and onto the docks. “Keep your head down.”
“Believe it or not, but sometimes I miss you when I’m gone, too,” Dean said, smiling and facing away from the stream of water to oil his cock up. “And it’s easier to use oil than water as a lubricant.”
Dean pulled away and smiled at him. “You taste amazing,” he said, “Your slick.” Dean smiled and Castiel’s eyes widened. Castiel blushed again and looked away, squeezing his eyes shut to save himself from having Dean see how much that turned him on. Judging by the way Dean growled low in his throat and kissed the inside of his thigh, his scent gave away his arousal. Dean moved back down to lick over Castiel’s hole, and Castiel bit his bottom lip to keep from moaning out loud.
“How much prep do you think you’ll need?” Dean asked, lifting his hips, still with Cas on top of him, to slide his trousers down to his knees. Cas ran his hands down Dean’s chest and kissed Dean again.
“Cas! You have to understand this is for the greater good. Dean is the reason that the world is going to end!” Meg’s voice came from somewhere behind him. “I intercepted the order from the Garrison!”
Castiel fumed as he made his way back to his bedroom. He was so angry that he didn’t see Charlie and Meg exiting the library as he passed. But they caught up to him and stopped him.
“Helpless,” Cas breathed out, feeling blood rush to his groin. “I see why you’d use something other than stop.”
“It was nice talking, Cas,” he said, making Castiel blush yet again before he walked into the principal’s office, leaving Castiel alone to wait for the VP to call him in.
“Cas… I…” Dean shook his head, trying to get himself to move forward to embrace Cas, but he was rooted in his spot, unable to do anything but stare at his lover adorned in just a robe that was borderline transparent.
“Do you want to watch a movie or something?” Dean called from the kitchen. “Or we could go out for ice cream? It’s still early.”
Cas smirked, “What about going to the forest behind my house? Where you usually drop me off at in the mornings.”
Castiel came out from the kitchen with a perplexed look on his face. He put a hand on his hip and raised an eyebrow at Dean.
“This is great bonding and all, but are we going to talk about what just happened?” Jo asked, and Meg ignored her, continuing to look around the kitchen until she spotted what she wanted and moved to go grab it. Jo stood up to block her path and frowned at her. “It’s been eleven years.”
“I healed the cut,” Cas explained, “Not all the way, but there definitely shouldn't be a scar when it's healed all the way now.” Dean smiled, leaning down and kissing Cas again in thanks.
Dean put their clothes into his hamper and then came back over, sliding his hands around Cas and holding him close. Cas could feel himself blush as his skin was pressed flush against Dean’s. Dean chuckled softly. “Are you embarrassed?” He asked, kissing Cas’s forehead.
Castiel opened his eyes and slowly turned around to see his sister, Rachel—Number Three and the only other omega of the seven children besides himself. He wasn’t sure what to say. After six years and no contact, he wasn’t sure how she felt about him. Castiel couldn’t even decipher what that look on her face was, whether it was happy or sad or mad or, worst of all, upset as to why he came back.
Alfie could sense his near constant unease, and took to curling up next to him every night in their makeshift nest. Alfie’s even brought his linens and pillows into Castiel’s chamber and they used the extra padding to make their nest bigger. It was home for them, safe and comforting. For months, they were happy being together in the safety of their nest. Well past Castiel’s fourteenth birthday, they were happy.
are you? You’ve heard the rumors; you know the kind of man I am. So what in the world makes you think that you’d get away with
By the time Dean turned fifteen, it had been long since he had lost hope of ever getting out. He often found himself dreaming and wishing for death. That’s when Benny showed up. He was also meant to be another slave for the monster, but in reality, Benny was just another tool to torture Dean.
“I know you said you’re ready, that you want this, but Cas,” Dean whispered, trailing his eyes back up to Castiel’s face. “If you need to stop at any point, tell me, and we will. We can just talk or just ease into it, okay? We don’t have to have sex tonight, there’s no rush.”
Dean tried to protest further, but his hands betrayed him. They moved against Cas’s body in slow strokes. Cas reacted loudly, knowing Dean would break even faster with vocality. “We don’t have any oil,” Dean groaned. Cas blushed and reached into his pocket.
“M-March,” Castiel said. Meg came to stand at the head of the table with a loaf of bread and peanut butter. She looked at Castiel and smiled fondly.
Dean rolled over on top of Cas, “Aye, I mean, of course; he's only trying to unite Heaven and the Kingdom so he can use Crowley's militia to get me hanged." He smiled at Cas jokingly. "I understand how stressful that must be."
“Gods yes, please Captain?” Cas whined. He let out a soft, breathy laugh when he felt his fingers rip through the sheets. Dean groaned, loud and rumbling, shoving his tongue deep into Cas’s hole with no warning. Cas yelled, arching his back as he heard the wet and sloppy noises Dean made as he fucked his tongue in and out of him. Every now and then he'd circle Cas’s rim, and then he'd shove his tongue back in while sucking and nipping at his rim.
Instead, he just made his way to the victor’s suite, and he let himself in, locking the door and checking several times that it was locked tight before he dragged himself to the master bedroom. Before he was even halfway there, though, he felt
Dean handed the towel to Cas and watched as he covered himself with it before getting out of the bed.
“So fucking sorry,” Jo whispered, coming up and hugging them all, too. Castiel looked at his siblings one at a time before he let his tears fall.
Castiel let out this cross between and sigh and a whine and Dean could feel his channel getting ready to push him out again. Dean let go of his legs and grabbed hold of Castiel’s hips, pulling their bodies together and keeping himself seated deep inside as Castiel’s muscles worked to push him out. Castiel kept spasming around his cock, and when he mewled loudly Dean gave a firm pull and smiled as it happened.
Gadreel threw his head back and laughed, grabbing the bottle back for himself as he came back to himself and he and Castiel settled into an easy conversation full of jokes, happiness, and a little shop talk thrown in. These were Castiel’s favorite times after matches, and ever since he’d met Dean, he’d been having more of them. The past didn’t haunt him so obsessively, and his future didn’t seem so daunting.
After a minute of this, a deep voice called the children away by telling them to get back to their chores. The kids had pouted and moped as they left Castiel alone and trudged back to the wagons.
“Dean, please,” Cas moaned around the pirate’s fingers, pushing back to feel Dean’s hard member. Dean removed his fingers from Cas’s mouth. “Oh, fuck Dean, please? I need you now.”
“Oh.” Castiel looked away from Dean and tried not to make eye contact as he set his mug back down and pushed around his eggs. “What
“Seriously?” Dean stared at him. “Don’t feel like you have to say yes, Cas. If you don’t want to, I won’t be disappointed or upset.”
Castiel came back to the present, but nothing had changed... He still saw Dean looking at him like he was the most beautiful thing in the entire universe. Like he’s hung the stars in the sky.
“I’m perfectly fine to walk,” Cas laughed as Dean stepped out into the hallway, making his way to the mess.
Dean’s face morphed into a grim look and he shook his head. Castiel didn’t know exactly what it meant, but it made him want to flee. Something about Dean’s face made it feel like danger was imminent if Castiel was spotted.
“Yes!” Castiel flung his arms up to get his point across. “If I don’t hate you—if you’re not like every alpha in the world, then it means maybe I’ve been wrong about myse—“ Castiel’s throat closed before he could finish and he had to swallow several time before he could talk again. “It means I’ve been wrong about other things in my life, too.”
to my ears.” Cas grinned and blushed, bringing a hand up to run through Dean’s hair. “Helps to push me over the edge faster, squarely.”
“What am I supposed to do when you leave, huh, Cas? What do I do then?” Gabe turned back around, shoving a hand into his pocket and gesturing with the other. “I don’t have anyone but you.”
“Oh please.” Gabe waved him off before stopping and looking somewhere off to his left. “Is that… Is that him there?” He pointed to where he was looking. Cas followed Gabe’s finger and sure enough, there was the man himself; standing tall and proud. Benny was next to him and they seemed to be looking over a list. No doubt it was the list of supplies they needed to start stocking up on.
“Then it stands to reason that my true mate would be my perfect other half, hence the perfect fit to be Queen,” Dean said, “Whether or not I am mated to him, it does not matter. I never had it on my agenda to mate unless he desired it. And I do not need him to be my mate in order for my mind to be clear enough to be a successful king.”
“No,” Cas interrupted again. “Listen to me, and if that's not enough, feel my touches.” He stood up, keeping his hands flat against Dean’s body. “Every time I touch you, Dean Winchester, it's like the first time all over again. My heart stops and all logical thought vanishes from my mind.” Cas grabbed Dean’s wrists lightly and guided them to his hips before he moved his own arms back up to press against Dean’s chest.
Castiel felt his heart hurt for Dean and his brother. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, not even sure Dean heard it through the door.
“Cas,” Dean said, startling Castiel out of his thoughts. “I should go. Amara—” Castiel bristled at her name. “—will be wondering where I am. I’ve already been here past curfew.”
The reason is because I'm not entirely happy with how I've written this fic. I don't like my actual writing, and I don't like the plot points that I've added and how I've strayed from the tumblr post that inspired this fic. And I believe that there's way to much smut. (It's in almost every chapter. It's gone past too much smut.) I can partially attribute that to the fact that I did start this fic right when I got into writing smut, so I got totally carried away. I really want to apologize to you all for that because it’s probably been very tiring to read.
“Let me go. I can walk on my own, thank you,” Cas snarked. Ava shot him an unsettling look as they made their way through the kitchen and out the back door.
“You don’t believe me,” Meg said after a moment of studying Castiel. “Cas! You think I’m crazy, don’t you?”
“Don’t pull any punches, Rach, be a fucking adult and admit when you’re just being as selfish as you’ve always been!”
“That is common amongst the servants,” Castiel blurted out, unable to stop the sudden need to defend the place he called his home for so many years. Dean only nodded, like he understood.
“This was a mistake. I give up. Cas, would you—” Dean choked as he looked up and saw Castiel in only the thin chemise and panties he’d picked out.
“We have plenty of time for that tonight,” He said, cupping Cas’s face, “But right now, unfortunately, we do not.”
“You know I would never.” Gabe stared pointedly at Michael. “But I do find it odd that you never once sought me out after the many times I asked to speak with you.”
“You are gone on this omega, Dean,” Bobby said, “You are so in love with him you would kill yourself just to please him.”
“What if Dean comes back?” Rachel asked, “What if he comes back and expects some kind of payment? What if he—”
“Please, what?! Dean, please what?” Castiel yelled, daring him to make a move. “What do you want from me, Dean?”
name!” Dean shouted, storming over to rattle the door to Ava’s cell. It clanged loudly and made the girl cry out in fear. “You don’t get
he thought, walking over to the door and locking it. He didn’t want any interruptions while he was doing this.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas moaned. He rocked his hips faster still and laughed at how Dean had to reach out to stop them from moving back any farther.
Something clicked for Cas then. He reached across the table and took Dean’s hand in his own. “I understand.”
A part of Castiel screamed at himself that it was King Dean trying to wake him up and he needed to fight, but the voice hadn’t been deep enough to be the King’s; let alone male.
Benny’s words about the scar on Dean’s back — the one on his spine — made Cas itch. “Dean…” He hesitated. “How did you get that scar on your back?”
“Who made it for you?” Michael asked, an edge in his voice. “I’ll have them reprimanded — I don't want them putting too much red pepper in anything they'd give to me.”
“I, um… I mean, I’m sorry to bother you so late. I just, I live the next street over a-and I turned eighteen today,” the omega said.
He was able to get to that place where he was almost asleep, but not quite, when he was woken again.
“I need you two to stay in here, lock the door, and get cozy. There’s another ship coming our way,” He said, staying quiet so Ben wouldn’t hear him. “It’s probably nothing, but I want to be ready in case they decided to try their luck and attack. No matter what happens, do not unlock this door for anyone, okay? Not unless they say the code word.”
Rachel growled in frustration and slammed the receiver down, staring at it in a rage. Her anger was powerful enough that Castiel could begin to detect hints of it in her scent. It made him cough and his eyes water. Anger wasn’t a pleasant scent on anyone. It made it feel like you were inhaling smoke.
wanted in life. If I hadn’t been late to that meeting the day after I met Dean I’d be married right now. I wouldn’t be who I am now… I’d just be a shell of a human. Because of Dean, I know what I want to do with my life and it's not spending another second more than I have to sitting and listening to other people tell me things.”
Dean laid him down on the bed, his heart racing as Dean gave him a gentle kiss before trailing kisses down to his neck, stopping at his mating gland. Castiel gasped in excitement and arch up into the sensation. He wanted Dean’s bite, and he was so close to getting it. Dean only kissed and licked at the sensitive gland, gradually pushing Castiel chemise up until it pooled under his arms.
“Some interesting bee facts for you,” he said, smiling wide. Dean smiled back and took a deep breath.
“Relax, then, and just breathe. I’m gonna take your jeans off,” Dean said. Castiel nodded vehemently, letting out these little noises that went straight to Dean’s cock as Dean undid the button and zipper. Castiel raised his hips to allow Dean to pull his pants off his legs, and as Dean was busy with dropping them off the side of the bed, Castiel quickly pushed his boxers down too and threw over the side to join his jeans.
Abbadon sat up and spit out blood. She bared her teeth to Dean before launching herself up and at Dean, shouting as she went. “Never!”
fucked the omega. Though, seeing as Dean was quite decently above average—seeing as he was both a grower and a shower, Dean could tell it would take a
” He looked back over to the buffets and saw Cas walking back with his shirt hiked up just slightly so if he moved in the right way Dean could see a flash of pink.
The same hips that seemed to be on permanent standby until Dean’s were pressed against them. They cradled Dean’s every time they met and just about called out to Dean, begging to be smothered by his own. Just like Cas called out to Dean whenever they were in the same room. Hell, whenever they were in the same fucking city.
“You are awake,” Cas whispered. “You had a nightmare.” He slowly reached his hand up to Dean’s face. “May I?”
Lisa’s lips quivered before she nodded and turned, Ben in her arms, to leave. Ben looked over his mother's shoulder at Dean and waved goodbye.
“Sh,” Dean whispered, leaning down to kiss away the tears of pleasure still sliding down Cas’s face. “You want me to come all over your pretty little cock?” He asked, reaching a hand down to pump over his shaft.
“That’s four years from now, Dean.” Cas took Dean’s hand in his, shaking his head. “I can’t wait that long.”
“What about tonight? It will be the night Dean and you mate for the first time,” Meg said, “Not to sound vulgar,” she added quickly. Castiel shrugged again.
“You’re not so scary, you know,” she said. “You’re just a little boy with an over glorified reputation.”
“Look here, Sandover, we’re not going to let you go. You’re going to die,” Dean said bluntly. He turned to the right and walked over to the table he’d set up with all his torture instruments on. “But if it makes you feel better, you’re not going to die right away. Ian Johnston paid extra for that.”
“Understandable.” Gabe stepped back to let Cas into the carriage first. They sat next across from each other and were about to speak more, but Michael entered the carriage. He looked at Gabe with disdain and made a point of sitting next to Cas.
Dean whispered, “I would never leave you, Cas… Never. You’re...” he paused, turning on his side to cup Cas’s face. “You’re my everything. I promise, when the time is right, I’m going to take you away from your father and everyone who’s ever hurt you. You’re my future. And everything that I have or will have… Cas, it’s yours.”
Castiel smiled at the corny joke. “It’s hardly been even twelve hours,” he said, and Dean made a soft noise on the other side of the phone.
“Dean is a complicated man,” Sam sighed. “He’s got abandonment issues like you wouldn’t believe. Our father… He was not a good man. I don’t remember much from back then, but what I do… Dean was treated like our dad’s slave. He wanted Dean to take the place of our mother for me. But he didn’t.”
, Cas,” Dean whispered back. Cas’s hands came to run through his hair and scratch lightly down his back while Dean splayed his hands over Cas’s chest and stomach.
Dean raised his eyebrows, “I love the way you think.” Cas smiled and snaked his arm up to pull Dean down to kiss him. “Where do you want to go?” Dean asked between kisses.
On Dean’s end of things, he gasped as he felt a rush of energy run through his body, surrounding every inch of him a calming kind of warmth. He felt… protected and safe. As if everyone he cared for was in the room with him, creating a barrier from all the things that hurt inside himself.
“We are not going to hurt you,” the blonde said, “My name is Jessica. People call me Jess. We are just here to help you get through your heat.”
Castiel grabbed the deli meat from the fridge and some condiments before answering, “Yeah. That would be nice.”
Castiel felt himself be picked up and then laid down on the bed and he cried harder and fought more. His tears blurred his vision, so he relied on blindly scratching at the cruel alpha King in hopes of striking him in any debilitating way.
“Fuck,” Dean breathed out. “I can’t do this.” He stood up and walked swiftly over to Cas and settled on top of him.
Of course, it was only ten, so, Castiel figured he should get up and do some homework while he waited for Dean. The core classes he was taking sounded tedious, but since he wasn’t actually going into class he needed to work harder to keep up. However, his creative writing professor had taken an interest in his new work. He said it was some of the best pieces he’d read all year and wanted to see about getting Castiel’s work entered into some journals and magazines. Castiel had never been more excited to write, and he had to keep to the rule of finishing his other homework first before he worked on his writing.
Amara’s smile fell off her face before it twisted up into a fiery look of anger. “You’d turn down one million? You’d never have to fight again. You’d never have to worry about anything ever again!”
“What’s our next step?” Castiel said. Dean pecked him again, and then sat up, pulling his shirt over his head.
“Have you?” Cas began tapping his foot nervously. Those flags were the flags Dean used to signal his status to other pirates in the sea. They had the same sun and pentagram all his mates had to get tattooed on themselves when they joined his crew. It was the Winchester Insignia.
“You looked too tired to walk,” Dean excused himself, nuzzling into the hair above Cas’s ear with a big smile.
“Let me prep you, angel?” He asked, receiving a small nod in response. Dean smirked and quickly cradled Cas to his body before laying the boy down gently, settling himself comfortably between Cas’s legs.
“He’d have night terrors and he’d wake me up by screaming for Alastair to stop. It was awful,” Sam’s voice had grown hoarse. “And that’s the thing about night terrors, you can’t wake up the person having them. Not for a while. He had to go through that every night; a lot of times, more than once.”
Castiel tried to keep the grin off his face, but by the way Dean looked at him he knew he was failing. He found he didn’t mind so much because Dean bumped into him playfully as he pushed the cart father into the produce section and laughed.
“Dean, yes, I’m okay. Everyone is okay. It was… My  siblings took care of them. They’re gone and I’m… I don’t even know. Can…  I really don't want to be alone and I can't be with my family... Can I stay at your house?” Castiel asked, surprising himself that he even asked. “I know it’s soon and we barely know each other, but I—”
Cas cut him off, “You’re more than enough for me.” He reached up to cup Dean’s cheek. “You’re no where near
“Ruptured spleen,” She said with a sigh of relief. “That’s an easy fix, but he needs to be put under.” Gilda pivoted around and then back in a matter of seconds. She held up a pill to Cas’s lips. “Take this.” He opened his mouth and swallowed.
But you have to remember, family doesn't end with blood. And it certainly doesn't start there either.
“Omega Samandriel Aingell, please step aside and send Omega Castiel Novak to us. His Majesty has requested his presence.”
Meg quirked an eyebrow and smiled lasciviously. “Oi, have you finally decided to experiment with an omega?” She asked, laughing as she finished, “I am only playing. Of course, I would be happy to talk.”
“It's…” Dean looked around with wide eyes. He set Cas down and took a few tentative steps forward. A few memories of his previous birthdays flashed through his brain making him start to breathe heavily and feel trapped. Part of him was saying run; run and don’t look back. But Cas came up behind him and placed a gentle hand in the middle of his back.
“Cas,” Benny started, waiting for Cas look up at him. “Dean has been through a lot. He’s had to go through so many horrible things — things you couldn’t imagine. You have to be careful with him. He may not seem like it, but he cane fragile; and he needs protecting, too.”
“Oi, Cas,” Gilda started, failing to be inconspicuous, “Tell me again if you have been liking the drawing we have been doing?”
Dean heard a man’s shout for freedom sound from outside. He’d found an abandoned shack that was perfect for a home base while he and his crew stalked their next target. Dean had taken about a week to trail him and another week for Benny and Sam to get him alone and grab him. They were bringing the poor fool to Dean right now.
Dean swallowed. “I… I was in my cell,” he started. “It was my fourteenth birthday again and he came and took me. He had me taken to the usual room, b-but I was cuffed to a wall instead of the table. And then my clothes — rags, would be more accurate — were ripped off so I was naked for him. Alastair… touched me. He touched me where he’d never touched me before because I wasn’t supposed to feel pleasure — I didn’t want to. I was only supposed to be for him to use to get
“Oh,” Cas said softly to himself. “Alright.” He darted his eyes around once more, looking for someone in particular, before giving up and starting to head towards the cabins. Before he got there, someone stepped right in front of him, effectively blocking his path.
Castiel nodded against Dean. “Mine,” he said, giving one last jerk against Dean before he buried his face in his mate’s neck. “Mine.” Castiel sunk his teeth into Dean’s neck, sealing his bond with Dean.
Dean rolled his eyes lovingly, “Okay,” he said. “I see what you did there.” Cas laughed and slid his arms around Dean’s neck. “Very funny.”
Dean almost reacted faster than Castiel did. He intertwined their hands and moved back up to be eye level with Castiel. He looked worried and guilty when he said, “I’m sorry. Did I do something—”
,” Ava hissed from the corner of his room. Cas yelped in surprise. Covering his mouth, and hoping he hadn't been too loud, he looked at the woman.
The two pulled back after what seemed like forever and Cas stood on his tiptoes while Dean bent over to meet Cas halfway in a slow, tender, and passionate kiss. Their lips moved against each other's automatically. They no longer had to think about what to do. It was like breathing now.
“You still have to leave, Dean,” Castiel said, “I have to check on Arkangel’s progress and get ready for my next match. I can’t do that with you here.”
Thank you everyone for your kind comments on the last chapter. I still haven't decided whether or not to make the new version ABO or not, but I think I'm leaning towards making it ABO.
“I’m sorry!” Cas had tears flowing down his face from the pain his father was inflicting upon him. “I’m so sorry! I won’t ever let this happen again, I promise!”
“What?” Castiel asked, wrapping his arms around Meg’s waist and holding tight, “What does that mean? What do I do?”
Lucifer nodded, eyes wide and face a little pale. Cas pivoted around and walked out of there with confident steps and his head held high.
Castiel couldn’t help but smile at Jess. She continued on about Sam as they made their way through the castle and towards the exit that lead to the garden. Jess was in the middle of talking about how beautiful his eyes were when she stopped abruptly.
“Yes!” Castiel moaned, raking his nails down Dean’s arms as Dean freed his legs from his panties. He felt Dean’s teeth press into his neck at the same time and the sensation made him cry out in need and jerk his legs open. His heart
Dean chuckled again, “Thank you,” He pecked Cas’s forehead. “Looks like the pain medication Gilda gave you is working.”
Cas woke up the next morning to the feel of Dean behind him and their hands laced together. He decided it was his favorite way to wake up and the perfect way to start this day.
Castiel planted his feet and closed his eyes. He tried to keep calm as reached out to the people in the Roadhouse and dug deeper through their thoughts again. When he couldn’t find anything that said Dean was there or where he might be, he reached over to the little gas station Dean got jerky from on their way back from dinner one night next, but Dean wasn’t there either.
I waited until I was eighteen to meet you, not just because I knew you wouldn’t have sex with me if we’d met before, but also to give myself time to try and find someone else I might want to have sex with. I didn’t. I’m pretty sure I’m gray-asexual or demi-sexual or something, but that’s not the point. The point is, I’m not some fragile little flower. I know my limits, and I know I didn’t have to come over here. Everything is fine. You
“Nah, I’m certain,” he said, and gave Castiel a look that made Castiel flush. Castiel tried to ignore the butterflies in his stomach as they walked but found he was failing miserably. And it didn’t help that every few steps Dean’s arm would brush his, and it felt like someone had zapped him with a cattle prod.
“You’re upset,” she said, no trace of a question in her voice, so Cas just nodded. “C’mon.” Gilda gave him a smile, standing back up and pulling him with her. “Let’s go for a walk, yeah?”
“Of course I do,” Dean said against Cas’s neck. “Ever since our little tryst in the mess, I’ve thought I should keep bottles around and one in my pocket when I’m with you.”
“You guys have known him much longer than I have,” Cas explained, fidgeting with the sleeves of his coat. “I feel like I’ve taken something from you.”
” Winchester of the Impala 67’s death had started to circulate throughout Heaven. Cas, of course, didn’t believe it. Not entirely, at least. Dean had been gone for almost seven months. Longer than he’s ever gone before and Cas was starting to worry. But he kept reminding himself that if Dean had been killed, then someone from the Impala would find a way to tell him.
Castiel’s omega had him think back to last year, on his birthday. He had truly celebrated it for the first time and it had been Dean’s idea. Just a small celebration everyone helped with, nothing too fancy or big. Everyone Castiel loved was there, and it was the best night of his life. Castiel had loved every second of it and had gone to bed happier than he’d ever been.
“Yes, we just celebrated our anniversary of when we claimed each other, and in a few months will be a year from when we held our wedding ceremony,” Charlie said excitedly.
“You know, you can say no, right?” Dean said, and Castiel felt like throwing up from how nervous he was. “You don’t have to let me read anything of yours.”
“Okay,” Dean pecked the top of Cas’s head. “I’ll do anything for you.” He started humming the tune of a pirate’s song before softly singing the words. Cas traced his finger over Dean’s heart in random squiggles to the words Dean was singing.
When Cas was deemed finished and after the maidens had left, guardsmen came and fetched him. The escorted him out of his chambers and into the courtyard where two carriages were waiting. They were both mahogany with gold trim, while the insides looked to be red velvet. Everything about them screamed
Benny cried out in pain and fell to his knees as Castiel crushed his hand. He desperately tried to pry Castiel’s hand off him, but of course, he
“Cas, we saw what the end of the world looked like, and it was a huge explosion. We thought maybe it was a nuclear bomb or a blast or something, but it’s something else entirely.” She looked at Meg and when Castiel saw the realization dawn on Meg’s face, he loosened his grip on Jo’s throat and allowed her to breathe. “That order wasn’t meant for Commission agents, it was meant for us to find,” Rachel said.
and a good hobby. Anyway, then it’s pie—well, maybe it’s pie and then car… Or maybe even pie, car, teaching… No, if anything it’d be car, then pie, then teaching. Or, well… Yeah, no, back to the original—it’s teaching, car,
“It may even be worthwhile to wait at least a day before we disembark,” Dean continued. “Make as many come to us as we can.”
“Um, I guess,” Castiel said, “I didn’t really have the best relationship with him, if I’m being honest.”
Castiel frowned up at Dean. “You don’t sound certain,” he said. Dean laughed softly and shook his head.
imagine a future without you. I won’t; because you’re it Cas. You’re my future,” Dean whispered. Cas dug his face into Dean’s chest and sighed, willing himself not to cry. He didn’t have a reason and he’d feel silly for getting so worked up in the morning.
“Dean killed his father?” Castiel blurted out, looking around the room at everyone’s faces for confirmation.
“No,” Dean said. “I don't supposed you would.” He looked over her shoulder, surveying how many hands he had on main deck at the moment. “How many in your care do you have?”
“Get your shirt off,” Cas whined, sitting up. Dean looked over his shoulder with an amused smiled as he got off the bed. He pulled his shirt off, shaking his head, and grabbed a small circular piece of leather.
“Doesn’t mean you’re not good at it,” Dean countered. Cas smiled against his neck, hugging him closer.
“Go ahead,” Castiel said, looking over the tray of food. He frowned because he didn’t know what half the things on it were.
“Calm down,” Gadreel said, “it’s perfectly normal to act like that when you find your true mate. I saw my little sister when she found her true mate and we couldn’t pry them apart for hours.”
Castiel wrung his hands together for a moment, and Dean was about to take pity on him and say it himself, but Dean apparently didn’t give Castiel enough credit.
Castiel took a piece of the beef and cut another piece of cheddar, and put them both in his mouth. He couldn’t help but moan at the deliciousness of the two flavors combined. Charlie laughed in triumph while Jess rolled her eyes and Ellen shook her head fondly and stood up.
Seconds passed. Minutes, hours maybe, Castiel didn’t know. He didn’t really care. Dean was… He was gone. And it was all because he refused to let Amara win. It was his fault.
“B-because,” Castiel said. “I’m used. I’m soiled goods. I have no bite, yet I’ve been marked—inside and out—by so many alphas, Dean. So fucking many. I-I’m ugly, inside and out. I mean, you can see my scars, but that’s just the surface. So m-many alphas have—and I can’t be beautiful or pretty or anything. I’ve been marked by too many. I’m… I’m ugly.”
Castiel watched as the four omegas shared looks, but said nothing more. They stayed silent and avoided eye contact as Castiel looked at them.
“If I talk to him about this and then in a few months everything goes according to plan, I’m going to feel so stupid,” Cas said. He saw Gilda nod her head from his periphery.
“Alpha!” Castiel sobbed as everything rushed through him at once. It was all Dean, all him, and it was the only thing he needed.
Castiel slowly reached out to grab the angel from Dean, examining it for a beat before he held it close to his chest and looked up at Dean.
“Not in the least,” Benny chuckled. He motioned towards the table full of different kinds of breakfast pies; and Dean was the first one to sit down, practically drooling at all the different options there were.
“Dude, so what if your siblings are gifted or whatever—so what if they’re prodigies? That doesn’t mean that you’re not extraordinary, too,” Dean said firmly, and he gave Castiel this look. “In case no one has told you, Cas, you’re special, too.”
“Dean,” Cas sighed, putting his palm on the man’s forearm as his hand disappeared into Cas’s trousers.
“No! I have to get home!” Cas looked at Dean with panicked eyes. “I can’t be seen leaving the ship.”
“Shut up,” Cas giggled. Dean smiled wider before sliding his hands along Cas’s thighs and up his sides. Cas closed his eyes and melted into Dean’s touches. He felt Dean move closer and then the heat from Dean’s mouth on his length. “Oh, God,” he gasped, pushing his hips up slightly. Dean chuckled against him and hooked his fingers under the waistband of Cas’s panties.
When he reached his trailer, he locked the door behind himself and dropped to his bed. Some kind of comfort came from the lumps and dips he could feel in his hundred-year-old mattress. It gave him a little piece of his mind back, and Castiel took it gratefully as he laid back on his bed and stared up at the ceiling.
“I told you this was going to be gentle,” Dean denied Cas’s pleas. Cas gasped loudly and arched his back. He moaned loud enough to wake up the entire ship and thrashed his head from side to side. Dean slowed down further, making Cas gasp and babble out incoherent words.
“It’s fine.” His own voice sounded foreign to his own ears. It sounded like it came from someone else. “Forget about it.”
Cas turned out as Lisa and Hannah continued to talk, surveying the room. His eyes landed on Lucifer in the farthest corner from him. He clenched his jaw in annoyance as Lucifer immediately pushed off the wall and headed towards the exit. That action told Cas that Lucifer had been watching him.
“No can do, you son of a bitch,” Dean growled, pushing his head back farther and securing the fork onto the collar. “Now you’ll know what pain really is.” Dean brushed past the man and grabbed his hat on the way out. “Have a nice night.” He heard some gurgled protests follow him, Sam, and Benny as the exited and locked the shack back up. None of them paid any attention. They walked together down a path that led to their camp. The shore was too far away for them to be able to stay on the Impala while they were docked at Ohio Island. The Sandover family had set up their company here over a hundred years ago and had continuously been growing their influence.
“I know you plan to ask me if you may court me this evening,” Castiel began, and he didn’t miss the way Dean’s shoulders tensed. “I want you to know you do not have to ask me, though.”
“That was the first time, Dean,” Castiel said, unable to stop himself from being angry. And the scary thing was that he wasn’t angry at Dean, but he couldn’t fucking stop himself from unleashing it all at Dean. He didn’t know why. Maybe it was a test for Dean; to see if this is what was going to push him over the limit. “You want to hear all the other times, Dean? Like how the alphas at school chased me home everyday when the teachers stopped looking, and sometimes they caught me. Or how every single one of my alpha teachers needed to give me extra help because I,
Castiel’s eyes widened in utter shock at the thought that Dean sent omegas to be with him during his heat. Never in a million years did Castiel think anyone could be that cruel. He shook his head, looking from the red haired woman, to Jess, to the brunette.
“Is it bad that when I’m not with Dean I don’t feel alive?” Cas asked. “I miss him so much when he’s gone that I can’t eat or sleep right.”
Dean looked at him with an amused look. “You do understand you’re about to set foot on a pirate ship, right? There’s nothing “professional” that goes on on my ship. Well, except Benny’s cooking.”
“Yes,” Michael said, “I do think the same.” He straightened his tie and coat. “We’re done for today, Castiel. Please gather your items and I’ll meet you in the carriage.”
“Did you check out my head?” He asked, flinching just a little as Gadreel stood up, too, and grabbed a hold of his arm to keep him standing.
come; no matter how long it takes them to get there—I love giving head and I will make my partner come as many times as they want, even if it takes hours. I’m a firm believer that everyone deserves euphoric, pleasurable, consensual sexy times filled with loud moans and awesome orgasms,” Dean said, spreading his hands out and bobbing his head to get his point across. Castiel’s face broke out into a smile that he tried to hide behind his mug. “I can give that to any omega, beta, or alpha who wants it.
“Alfie will stay in the room, yes,” Ellen said softly, “However, it has to be one of us next to you in case your heat overwhelms you. We know what to do.”
“Do you trust me, Dean?” Cas asked, cupping Dean’s face with one hand while resting the other over the man’s heart.
“Sweetie,” the man interrupted again. “Don’t play hard to get with me. I can tell by the way you look that you’re just as starved for touch as I am.” He pulled Cas flush against him and craned his head to look over Cas’s shoulder, mumbling, “Maybe even more so.”
Castiel shook his head. “Thank you, Dean,” he said, frowning at the thought of telling Dean who his family was, because as soon as Dean knew who they were, he wouldn’t be saying Castiel was special. Dean would look at him like everyone else when they found out and would make some excuse to leave him walking alone. But it was better to say it now than let either one of them invest more thought into each other than necessary. “But I really am ordinary compared to my family.”
Dean smiled in thanks as he pushed Cas’s arms above his head and threaded their fingers together. It felt so amazing just to be able to
days for Ben. He woke up on the wrong side of the bed. All day, he’d been following Lisa or Dean around and moping about nothing and everything. He didn’t stop whining until one of them picked him up and if they tried to hand him off to someone else he just started crying.
“O-okay,” Lisa answered a moment later. “I promise.” Dean nodded, standing up straight before shrugging off his jacket and going to grab his sword and dagger. They had been specifically made for him. Bobby, the friend at the safe house, had given them to him.
“I missed you,” Dean breathed hard, “Missed you so much.” He pressed a chaste kiss to Cas’s lips, nibbling on his bottom lip before pulling away.
“I saw you talking to Lucifer the other day,” Gilda said after a while. “You didn’t look very happy. What was that about?”
force someone to do something they’re not okay or ready to do. So, if you get scared or want to leave in a rush, this is how you do it.” Dean turned and showed Castiel how to unlock his door once more. “Got it?”
That had been one of the last things Castiel had heard before he’d been summoned to speak with the king. And it had been on his mind. It was still on his mind when he walked in the door and stood in the presence of King Dean again.
kids anymore, and we can deal with it. We can work everything out. We can heal together. And I can start by healing the damage I caused you.”
Dean quickly leaned down to press a kiss to his lips. Castiel melted into it, and Dean made quick work of taking their clothes off—not that they had much on to begin with.
“Yes, well, I am,” Castiel said, not entirely pleased with the tone she had. Like she was both impressed and proud of Castiel. And it wasn’t like that was necessarily demeaning, but the bar for him had always been so low that any kind of compliments from his siblings were always…pitying; like they were giving him a participation trophy when he came in last in the race.
Cas smiled back before Dean took his hand in his and guided him to the main deck. “Sam, Ash, Charlie, Benny!” Dean boomed across his ship. Cas was in awe of how loud his voice was.
Cas moaned, long and low, as he tried to speak to Dean. All that came out was mushed together syllables and whimpers that sounded like he was telling Dean to go faster and harder; Dean wasn’t able to tell which.
Dean’s smile fell, and he remembered where he was: Amara’s suite. She was in the bathroom getting ready for the match tonight.
Dean let out a strangled moan, moving his hands down to grip Castiel’s thighs. He tried to roll the two of them back so he was on top, but Castiel growled at him. Castiel felt this surge inside him and the next thing he knew, Dean’s hands flew up above his head and pressed into the bed.
“Here’s the absinthe,” the bartender said. Castiel grabbed it and was about to leave when the two men began talking again.
Dean opted for nothing. He laid himself back down next to Cas and watched his profile before falling asleep with a full heart.
, and the monster forced Dean to do whatever he pleased. The creature starved Dean to make him smaller; all the more better for the monster's pleasure.
Castiel looked away. “Let’s just go,” he said and started trudging his way back to the academy. He wasn’t willing to have this conversation with Rachel right now. Her words from before had hurt him, and the wound was still fresh.
Cas felt his stomach squeeze. He wasn’t a jealous person. He really wasn’t, but seeing Dean so happy and at ease… Cas felt a mixture of emotions.
“Yes,” Castiel moaned softly. Dean could scent the spike of his arousal and for a second time, all Dean could focus on was the fact that Castiel was getting
“I’m not attracted to women, but I’m not attracted to men either,” Cas explained. Meg raised an eyebrow and pursed her lips. She was quite for a long while, only moving her eyes up and down Cas’s figure. She looked to be contemplating something intense and important. The way she studied him unnerved Cas greatly.
Now Dean’s face contorted into a look of confusion. “What do you mean? You flashed your eyes at me,” Dean said and Castiel felt like he’d been punched in the gut. “I flashed mine to you, too.”
He imagined them mated. A bite on Castiel’s neck, and a matching scar on his own. He imagined Castiel all round with their pups and Dean couldn’t help but let out a small whine.
Dean nodded, “Well,” he said. “I was actually thinking that maybe you two could actually come with me on the Impala.” Lisa’s stumbled when Dean finished.
“Does Sam know what you have to go through?” Castiel asked, and the deafening silence that followed was answer enough.
Castiel saw movement from inside the store and looked up just as Dean came rushing over to open the door.
“Sh,” Dean whispered, pushing his hand under Cas’s upper back and kissing him slowly as he finished cleaning up. “I got you.”
“And you think he loves you?” Lucifer scoffed. Cas recoiled by pushing himself up and out of his chair.
“Because I’m committed to you. I want to find the best in you even on your worst days. I’m loyal to you, and I want to work through any and all problems we have in the future,” Dean said. “And because I love you, I’m not going to have sex with you.” Cas buried his face in Dean’s chest. “But because I love you, we’re going to lay here, I’m going to spoon you and hold you while I tell you all the things I love about you.” Dean gave Cas a squeeze. “How does that sound?”
Cas gripped Dean’s hair, mewling and bucking his hips into the man's mouth. “I’m so close!” Cas whined. Dean smirked and pulled off slowly with a final flick of his tongue across Cas's slit. Cas cried out,
“Castiel,” his father warned. Cas looked around frantically, searching for an excuse. His eyes landed on a spice that had been bought the other day, not even opened, and he finally turned to look at his father. Michael took in his appearance and squinted at him questioningly.
Dean groaned exasperatedly, dropping the kale back into the grocery bag and pushing away from the counter. He headed towards the living room, pausing to push Castiel back into the kitchen when he tried to follow.
Now, Castiel was used to being harassed. He was a male omega in a world where male omega’s were so rare they were seen as a delicacy by alpha’s and nothing more. Hell, Castiel wasn’t even a newcomer to rape. His own brother and father had both stolen his virginity during his first ever heat in his eleventh birthday, and from then on out during his heats they had found him just too tempting to resist sometimes.
“Great, I am famished,” Alfie said, falling in step on Castiel’s other side as they began their walk to Benny’s.
“I did,” Cas whispered. He trailed his hand down to thumb over Dean’s lips. “I wanted to talk to you, though.”
They put their bodies on yours.” He pumped his hands on Dean’s shaft a few times, making Dean groan quietly before he took the head of Dean’s cock into his mouth.
Castiel had never had people in his life he could consider friends, really. There was Alfie and Adam, of course. But Alfie was more like a parent than a friend, and Adam was his tutor. They were only friends by design. The friendship they had was shallow and Castiel was certain it wouldn’t hold up under any kind of pressure. Now here was Jess saying that not only was she his friend, but so were the other omegas in the room.
“I’m going to fuck you so good tonight,” he said, reaching his hand behind Cas to pull up his shirt some more and finger the satin panties. “You’re going to be so far out of it, you’re not going to be able to say anything but my name. I’m gonna fuck you so good and hard the only thing you’re going to be able to remember is
“Just… Just stay there,” Dean said, his body shaking. Cas nodded, pushing into the mattress to make it dip and tilt Dean’s body. “Can you… Can you talk to me?”
Cas turned his head towards Dean, not opening his eyes just yet. His head was throbbing and his stomach felt numb. “Thirsty.” He heard Dean laugh quietly before a cup was placed at his lips. Cas opened his mouth and gulped down the water until the cup was empty and Dean pulled it away.
Dean chuckled, “I love you, too, baby.” He smiled as Cas sighed again and let his head fall back onto the pillow. Dean’s eyes widened and then a laugh bubbled in the man’s throat. “What?” Cas asked, his brow creasing.
“Yes?” he said. His voice was deep and gravelly, albeit a little shaky as well. By how he was looking Dean came to the assumption he was a streetwalker or a courtesan.
“Alas, you two. I assume Jess got to everything aside from telling you what the heat aids are?” Ellen said, turning to move back over to sit down on the foot of Castiel’s bed.
After reinforcements had come and Lucifer wasn’t able to give Abbadon any information, beating Abbadon was more about simply getting through her soldiers than using strategy. And that had been easy. Some Abbadon loyalists, upon seeing that Dean had reinforcements, fled. They would be hunted down later, but everyone now was just glad for the upper hand again.
Castiel shook his head and pulled back, lifting his head to look at Dean. And the very moment his eyes connected with Dean’s, he saw it. He saw flashes of Dean’s past through Dean’s eyes, he felt what Dean felt in the present, and he saw a glimmer of his future with Dean.
“Dean,” Cas whimpered and Dean got the message. He stopped touching the unbelievably red little nubs on Cas’s chest.
“I know that,” Benny continued, “I don’t think you would want to hurt him; I just want you to know that he’s flawed, too, and he needs your patience. I assume you’ve seen the scar on his back?”
Cas felt dizzy. He wasn’t able to get enough air into his lungs. The room started to spin as he gasped for breath. His lungs felt numb and something in his stomach was on fire. “Father,” Cas gasped, trying to tell him he needed help.
“Dean?” Cas whispered. The pirate looked up and smiled, climbing faster and then pulling himself over the ledge.
Cas rested his chin on his hands and breathed deep before answering. “I had a bad dream about a week ago.”
Dean didn’t look surprised by him at all, instead just gave a small, appreciative smile. “Who was it?”
“Yes,” Cas responded, laying his head on his pillows. “Of course, father.” Michael shut his door and Cas heard his father’s heavy footsteps fade away. Cas sighed deeply, closing his eyes and thinking of Dean as he fell asleep.
“You’re not,” Dean said, and it didn’t even startle Castiel out of the little bubble he was in with Dean.
“Oh yeah,” Dean said, kissing the skin around Cas’s nipple before moving across his chest to his other nipple and repeating everything he did to the first to the second. “Fuck, you’re so beautiful, Cas.” He licked his way down to Cas’s hips, peppering the skin with small kisses as he continued to pinch and pull at Cas’s nipples. There was no doubt in his mind that the red little buds were almost painful to the touch.
“I do not care if he does not want to mate, and as for claiming, I already said I never intended to claim him. As long as he is Queen, it matters not who he mates, or if he ever does,” Dean said, “I just want him happy and making decisions to better his kingdom.”
He closed his eyes, tapping into the Grace within himself and concentrated on Dean and how all he wanted was Dean—for Dean to be happy and for him the understand how important he was. Not only to Cas, but to everyone else as well.
Cas jerked back awake with a start. “Yes! I’m listening.” Gabe cocked his hip and quirked an eyebrow, frowning. It’d been pretty obvious that Cas had not been listening. But it wasn’t entirely his fault. He and Dean had stayed up all night doing some rather… Vigorous activities. Over and over again.
It was a note. He picked it up with trembling fingers and turned it over, immediately recognizing the handwriting:
“He should have been a father,” Ellen said, and Castiel’s heart hurt a little at the guilt in her voice. “I should have done more for you, too, Cas. Zachariah was the one to make the decision, but I should have helped you more. I’m sorry I didn’t.”
“That’ll be my first fight at that arena,” Castiel said, a little wave of pride washing over him because Hunter Arena was huge. It was the last stop for a lot of pilots before retirement because when you’ve reached the top, where else is there to go? Castiel turned to Dean with a smile on his face and continued, “it’s the biggest arena in the world, you know? People come from all over in hopes of getting a ticket to watch a fight and pilots spend their entire careers aiming to fight there.”
“Cas, what are you doing? Get out of here,” Benny said, but Castiel ignored him and rushed over to help him up.
“Shut up, Dean.” Castiel moved to straddle the alpha and lifted himself up onto his knees, taking hold of Dean’s shoulder with one hand for stability. “I know what I want.” He reached down to grab Dean’s manhood and guide it to his hole with his other hand. “I want you,” he said, staring into Dean’s eyes as he guided himself down. At first, he could feel himself resisting and gripped at Dean’s shoulder, but then the head of Dean’s cock popped past his rim and the pleasure that accompanied made him gasp in surprise.
“Have you been crying?” Dean immediately asked, taking Cas’s face in his hands to inspect him. “Baby… What’s wrong?”
“Hi,” he said, smiling even wider as Jack smiled back at him and did that scream-laugh Dean loved. Dean moved over to his desk and reached down to undo the Bjorn. “Anybody want to hold him?” He asked, hoisting Jack out of the Bjorn and into his arms. “I promise he’s really easy to handle. He loves everyo—gah!” Dean cut himself off as Jack tried to stick his hands into his mouth. He pushed Jack’s hands away and smiled as the class laughed. “I promise he won’t do that to you, it’s just me. For some unknown reason.”
“I’ll find him some other time,” she said,  walking away quickly. She called over her shoulder, “Don’t come back until curfew, Dean. I need time away from you.”
“With how much sex you one-hundred-percent definitely have had, I find it hard to believe you don’t know that knotting feels fantastic and alphas love it… So…”
“WHOA!” The yell of the driver and the carriage lurching dramatically cut Gabe off. “What are you do—”
“You’re ridiculous, Dean,” Cas giggled, pecking the man’s cheek before resting his head on Dean’s shoulder. Dean only smiled and continued his journey to the mess, nodding a ‘good morning’ at his hardworking mates as they passed.
“What kind of condom do you want to use? I have ribbed, studded, twisted, et cetera... All different colors, too,” Dean said, pulling his fingers out of Castiel so the omega could focus.
“If you’d like that, so would I,” Dean said, grinning down at Castiel. Castiel blushed a light pink once again.
“Ash and Kevin have finally figured out how to improve our canons and the time estimated to upgrade them is three months,” Dean said.“So...we’re gonna be docked for three months while that happens.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean interrupted. “I let her have my bed. I saved her son the last time I was here and offered her my help if she ever needed it. She looked like she could use it.”
“I do not want this!” Castiel cried, breathing deep to gain some semblance of control over himself, but it only made him cry harder, “I do not want to be your omega slave!”
“Castiel,” His father’s voice was disapproving. “You know I don’t tolerate lying.” Cas heard his father get up and walk over to him. He could smell the soap he used: pine. Cas hated the smell.
They’d been adopted by their father, and he didn’t give them names, just numbers. Technically, Castiel’s legal name was Number Seven and his siblings were the preceding six numbers. It wasn’t until Zachariah built them an android nanny named Ellen—who became like a parent to them and they eventually started calling ‘mom’—that they got proper names.
In the back of his mind, he registered himself dropping to the floor and Alastair following him. He absently felt his pants pulled down and his legs pushed open, but he was powerless to stop it anymore. The pain from Alastair slamming his head into the wall made his limbs feel some kind of numb. Even if that numbness wasn’t there, Castiel’s limbs felt too heavy to move, anyway.
and impressionable and Dean had gone and fucked some omega close to his family. Jesus, Dean was glad he'd given his food to Castiel because he was certain he’d be chucking it right back up if he’d eaten it.
“Dean and I overslept and I was late to his schooling,” Cas explained. He gripped the edge of the table and bit down to combat the pain he felt in his back.
Castiel started, losing himself in the notes Dean left and adding some details here and there he felt were needed; and before long, he was done. A smile spread across his face as he stood up and stretched. It wasn’t until he closed his laptop that he realized something was wrong, because it was dark out. The clock above the kitchen said it was almost six-thirty, and Dean still wasn’t back. Castiel tried to stay calm as his heart sped up. He carefully reached out to try and find Dean in the minds of the people in town, but found just fading memories of a bright smile and green eyes. Nothing concrete to tell Castiel where Dean was in town.
“I think he’s perfect,” Dean said, using the edge of his sleeve to wipe away some of the drool on Cas’s cheek. “I couldn’t bring myself to care if he was half troll. I love him.”
Castiel scented the air again, walking quickly towards the bakery in the store. The scent got stronger the closer he got to it.
“You want to come so bad, don’t you,” Dean said it like it was a statement and not a question. With the state Cas was in — eyes glazed over and his mouth slack with whimpers and whines falling out one after the other — Dean didn’t even have to phrase it as anything but a statement. But Cas still nodded his head. Dean angled his hips up — just slightly — and almost came at the sound Cas let out: a cross between a whimper and a yelp. He made sure to keep just brushing past Cas’s prostate in order to keep that noise falling from Cas’s pink and plump lips.
“I’m close,” Cas gasped, seconds later. Dean smiled happily, speeding his hand up even more and keeping his eyes on Cas’s face. His mouth morphed itself into the shape of an
Amara laughed. “Do you even know who you’re talking to?” Her face darkened and she looked directly at Castiel's neck, right where Dean's claim lay on him. “You took my money from me. You took my clients. You took my alpha from me. You took everything that mattered to me.”
“You disobeyed,” Dean stated, palming Cas’s cock gently. Cas jerked away from Dean’s hand violently, yelping at the same time. “Color?” Dean asked, taking his hand away.
“That’s it, omega,” Dean said, giving a few well placed thrusts that had Castiel screaming and coming as Dean shoved into him. His knot expanded and his orgasm rushed through his whole body, making him growl low in his throat. “Fuck, Cas!” Dean ground into Castiel through the waves, savoring the feel of Castiel’s heat spasming wildly around him.
“I love you, too,” Castiel said, wiping away the tears he saw falling from Dean’s eyes when he pulled back. “I love you with everything that makes me, me.”
“I lied,” Cas said, smiling and shrugging nonchalantly. He stood up and walked over to his desk, grabbing his books and files and papers before coming back and setting them on his bed. “Let’s get to it. I’m seeing Dean tonight and I want to have this done.”
“What about my mouth?” Dean prompted, flicking his tongue across Cas’s slit and collecting the precome that had started to bead there. Cas arched his back before spreading his legs and tugging harshly on Dean’s hair. Dean took Cas’s length back into his mouth and bobbed his head, drawing moan after moan from the young man. Cas pulled at Dean’s hair, making Dean grunt and moan around Cas’s cock.
“I love you,” he said softly, smiling as he pressed another kiss to Castiel’s lips. “I love you so much.”
“Um, it’s noon,” Dean said. “And I remembered you have a lecture on Tuesdays at one, so I wanted to see if that was something you still wanted to go to. I wasn’t sure because of what happened last night, but...”
“I don’t think Amara meant to kill me because her aim is usually dead on,” Dean said, laughing softly. Castiel shook his head in disbelief, relieved and happy tears welling up in his eyes. He smiled at Dean, laughing with him before surging down to kiss his mate.
