"You cheated." Tony said while he was panting, which only made Steve's lips twitch up as he offered his hand to Tony, who couldn't even sit from how tired he was, the regime that Steve put him through, was tiring, especially with all those push-ups and running laps around the mansion's ground, or lifting weights, and other things, it seems by the end of the day Steve was planning to turn him into a soldier, but Tony can't complain, even if he has to eat oats every day for breakfast, because he can already feel a little change in him, like being energetic enough that he can run after Peter and play with him all day, even his diet changed, and he started eating more vegetables and fruits, which caused Angie and his mother to squeal about how he looked like he was glowing, which he understood from Natasha that it was a good thing.
!" Tony screamed as he tried to punch his brother which the Alpha dodged and punching Tony on the face hard breaking the shorter Alpha's nose.
Thor2 just gave him a smug smile, which made Tony bristle like a wet cat, he was too tired for this shit, he was tired and hurt, and his heart felt like it was about to break once more, and Tony would not stand here and let this knock-off God try something. "My name is Loki of Asgard, and I came here to pay my debt for the Ancient one for saving my life." Hearing that title made Tony take a sharp breath, clenching his hands into tight fists as he tried to calm down, even after a year, that title still made Tony feel hurt and unbalanced
A while later Tony moves his bruised body into a sitting position, he wiped his bleeding nose and look around the room, desperately to find something, anything to save his baby with… his eyes fell on something and he crawls toward it.
"Fine, he is fine…" Tony's breathed out, kissing Steve's hand that was clutching in both of his hands once more, begging Steve silently to hold on, to beat this, just like he always beat everything that the world throw at them. "Steve… you…" Tony's voice cracked, he wasn't able to say the next words that wanted to leave him making his lips tremble, as they were locked behind his teeth.
Grandma Addams screaming, making Steve put his head in his hands and let out a tired sigh, he was thankful that he was sitting cross legs on the floor or he was sure that his grandma's shriek would have broken the chair with how loud and high pitched it was, or maybe it would have made him fall from his chair, but whatever. The murmuring and shuffling could be heard from the crystal ball, making Steve hum and wait in anticipation, hoping that his mother was with the Addams family and not going on a vacation in the underworld.
"I will call you if I discovered anything new about the case," Sam said which made Tony give a wobbly smile and thank Sam while shaking his hand. Tony stayed a little bit behind, to fill some forms that he was given by Sam, and when Tony left the building, a huge smile took over his face as he walked down the streets, he felt like nothing was going to ruin his good mood today, he looked at his phone that start ringing and smiled a little as he saw Pepper's name on the caller ID…
"Come in…" Tony's voice made Steve squirm in his place after knocking on the door; it has been weeks since Steve heard his husband's voice unless it was a voice mail telling him that he was going to be late for dinner once more. Opening the door, Steve couldn't help the amusement he felt when he found his husband frowning at the piece of paper in his hand, as if the existence of that paper should be illegal. "Steve?" Tony blinked his eyes when he saw Steve standing near the door.
"Come on, Cap, show us what you got!" Angie called out, too sure that her present will be considered number one by the Omega who was fawning with his baby at the presents he got, Angie's words made everyone stop in their place and look at the Alpha, especially Tony who was looking at the Alpha with a flushed face, wondering what the Alpha got for him, his heart pound in his chest at the possibility.
"The baby arrived." Natasha whispered, finally getting her voice back; everyone was certain that after this experience the redhead will never sleep with Clint without protection, dreading for her life perhaps, which was a sensible decision. When the door opened everyone crowded around the doctor who opened it asking about Tony, all demanding to be the first to go inside and look at the new baby.
His phone vibrated making Tony swallow and give Harley a smile before standing up from his chair, hoping that it was Betty. "I am going to order some more sweets; do you want one of the cheesecakes?" Tony asked as he pointed to the dessert the man from the next table was eating, Harley blinked his eyes and gazed at the treat before licking his lips and nodding his head shyly which made Tony ruffle his hair gently. "Just wait here, I will bring you a blueberry cheesecake, blueberry are your favorite, right?" Tony asked getting a happy nod from Harley who drank his glass that was half full with milk.
Tony stood up then turn around and start walking out of the café, he could hear his father calling out to him, rushing to catch up to him. Tony paused a little waiting for the lights to turn red to cross the road, ignoring his father's calls of his name. When the lights turn red and all the cars stopped, Tony start crossing the road.
"You called for me?" Steve's voice answered him, making Tony shriek and jump when the voice came from behind him, causing him to whirl around and gaze at Steve who was grinning happily, just like a cat who got the cream. "You are the first person who was able to cross inside my room, every other one that dared to, nearly died.
"The what-ifs and doubt will destroy any relationship that will blossom between those two, and by doing that, the dark end will come, the spell will wear off after a little bit of time, to show the true intention and hidden faces behind… and when that happens, Steven will be there to stop that fight before it started… and it was also to teach that foolish martyr to man up and confess." Frigga's last words got a chuckle from Loki as he shook his head and look at the pair that kissed.
Reaching the front door, Tony nearly sob in relief as he opened the door and run toward the lake, it was a miracle that Tony didn't trip and fall on his face and hurt his baby; it was a miracle that Tony managed to reach the boat and jump in it, pushing the boat away from the shore as far as he can. Tony's eyes took in the house, taking in the figure standing in Morgan's room, gazing at them from the window before the shadow disappearing.
"Oh, look at that, a boy!" Tony laughed as he covered the boy, swaddling him with his jacket (Well, it was Steve's, but everything his husband owns is his, so) "Steve would be so pleased. I personally would have left you and called the child service, I have no need for normal babies; they are too much work and cry at the smallest sound we make, but you! You may just be perfect for our family!" Tony informed the baby which got him a blink and gurgles as the kid once again tried to catch Tony's finger and suckle on it, causing the man to giggle and walk out of the alley, Zemo forgotten for now because the genius has better things than to go after trash; besides, Steve would bring him the idiot's head just as he reaches their home, so why is he worked up on something so insignificant.
… his breath hitched at the thought of Howard coming after him and Morgan, how did Howard even manage to take hold of Rhodey's number when he was living in Malibu. Did Howard do something to Rhodey and Pepper? Did he knew about their trip and followed them? Did he use his connections like he always brags and finally found Tony?
“Bite?” He swallowed hard, thinking about those teeth tearing into him. His body tighten around Steve’s length, pulling yet another wonderful whine from both of them. “No bite.” He tried though his voice was just as shaky when Steve’s cock pressed further inside of him and a new bulge pressed against his hole.
“You got in the elevator and then got off at your own floor. Not mine.” Tony’s eyebrow arched as he leaned against the kitchen counter, giving Steve a knowing look.
“Fine, whatever. I’m sleeping on the couch.”
“Who knows but if he does and you’re not there I’m going to be mighty pissed.”
“I will be civil with her and that’s all you’ll get out of me.” He reached out to give her a single head pat, and in a flash her mouth opened and clamped down between his thumb and index finger. Steve may have laughed but it was Alpine who was clearly the victor as she got to watch triumphally as they left with Tony swearing he would never come over to Bucky’s apartment again unless she was muzzled.
“Fine, we can look on Petfinder but only if you promise to take care of it. I’ll pay for everything but you’re running with it in the morning and cleaning up after it. I will not have my yard looking like a waste bin.” The bright smile that flashed on Steve’s face was worth it, especially when that smile got closer and gave him a kiss. “But no cats.” Tony clarified, feeling the need to be firm about that.
I caught your Papa in your room again this morning. I think he forgets that I have cameras installed everywhere. Your Papa…he’s a good man. And I’m not talking about Captain America good, he did that job wonderfully, but he’s just in general a wonderful alpha, husband, and I know he’s going to be the best Father out there. I never wanted children, shocker I know since I can’t even imagine going a day without you. But then I met him, and we hated each other for weeks but then things changed. We changed. The talk of you came up and the idea wasn’t as scary to me anymore, not when I had him by my side. It’s been a long journey to get to this point but now I can’t stop staring at you, knowing you’re growing big and strong inside me. I can’t wait to hold you and love you. I’m still terrified, don’t get me wrong, but I promise you. We’re going to be good parents to you and give you everything you could ever want. We’re not perfect so please don’t fault us when we make mistakes but know that no matter what we will always love you.
He could have just asked Tony flat out what he thought they were but a part of him was scared for the answer and another part wanted to go all out. Make a big declaration of feelings so Tony couldn’t misunderstand what he was saying and where he was coming from.
“I can’t help that I’m curious.” Tony rolled his eyes but continued on. “Why did you react the way you did? You’re never this…needy on land? Or really vocal. I thought you were having a good time in bed but that was nothing compared to this?” Steve’s face went red and to avoid answering he ducked under the water for a moment. “Hey! No, you have to answer. You weren’t…” Tony gasped as the sudden realization hit him. “You were faking it weren’t you!? All those times you ‘came’ in the bathroom. You didn’t actually come did you?!” Steve looked so utterly ashamed that Tony knew he had hit the nail on the head. “Steve!”
“Mate mean sex in fish tongue?” Tony teased, working the finger in and out until his body adjusted. The fluid was in fact a very excellent lube and the thought crossed Tony’s mind of bottling it up later for shower sex.
-Love, Papa
Dear Natasha,
“Hmm, that is a good question.” Knowing he was safe; Tony released his hold on Steve’s neck and slowly dragged them down his back. Instead of a dip where his spine should be, there were raised pieces of cartilage with webbing connecting each piece. Tony carefully ran his fingers over each one, letting them linger longer on the velvety soft webbing. Not a flinch came from the man under him which meant he trusted Tony just as much as Tony trusted him. “Tony?” Steve leaned back so he could meet Tony’s eyes again. A question swam in those wonderful eyes, but Steve’s voice didn’t continue.
Laura
“I do have some beers upstairs, but that’s for after I close if you want to join me?” Bucky would be so proud of him right now but if this all went downhill Steve would be deleting the security tapes before he ever saw them. Tony’s smile just got bigger, and Steve knew it was stupid to get hope from that but he did.
“Because he’s expecting to make small talk with someone…”
“Tony, I’m not. I promise you I’m not.  You already seemed embarrassed by this whole situation, whatever happened, and I just want you to know that I’m here for you, not just as your scent-mate, but as your friend…”
“Morning, J…” The dark-haired man answered back.  “To my floor please…”
“Sure, Tony… whatever you say…”
“My apologies, sir. Did you want me to forget about spying on Captain Rogers?”
“Fine… dually noted. But, if I’m not dying, then what-the-hell is wrong with me?!”
“Sit there and look pretty…” The Captain responded swiftly without even thinking.
So, here's a short filling chapter for you to read (featuring a new character to my story's fandom).
“More like eavesdropping in it…”
His focus was now totally on that voice.  The bright lights faded and a familiar face came into his mental view:
He tried to open his eyes to see where it was, but he was too tired to do so.  He fell back into a deep slumber, deaf to the world around him.
“But, the tingling thing has me worried, Tony.  Is your arm tingling right now?”
Hair as golden as the sunrise on a fall morning…
“You mean, they don’t?!”
“What-the-hell? But, that was back in-- ”
“No, that’s not all, Tony,” the war hero retorted.  “How long have you known you were an Omega?”
“See what I have to deal with…” Tony muttered to the Alpha with a bit of wit, causing the other man to smile.  “In due time, J… Brucey Bear and I will figure out a way to get you that svelte self you’ve always been dreaming of.”
“Hey, man, it’s alright. I’m a Beta, just so you know…”
“Naw, you like to tell my stuff, so I’m gonna tell yours…”
“Good. Now, Natasha, who is Bruce’s true mate?”
’ me… I’ve seen the film. Just be honest with me…” Steve took the philanthropist’s hand in both of his, “For once…”
“If you say so… just eat it, Tony…”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa… what’s with all this foul language in my kitchen right now?” The billionaire stated honestly.
“Steve, you can’t control every situation. Just like I can’t control who writes some trash rag about me in the press. But, when I can control is what I do next.”
“Nope. Wrong answer…”
“Morning, bug,” Steve stated nonchalantly, as he flipped the remaining flapjacks for his oldest.  “You wanna help your ol’ pop with these?  They need a ready belly for eating.”
Well, that was an interesting start to things, wasn't it?
“Oh, ‘mega, you know I’m game.” Steve rumbled sensually in response.
“What? I was just kidding, Cap. Hey! We’re friends, right? We are allowed to kid each other…”
The assassin looked further down the road and saw a recognizable face that she didn’t expect to see at the crack of dawn.
Happy reading & enjoy!
Hope you like it!
“Steve, she doesn’t mean to make you upset…” Natasha piped up.
He needed time to cool down, and so did his counterpart.
“And, you’re going to play ‘come-and-get-me’?”
Inside your head, on every beat
“What did you say, Lil-Lil?” the Black Widow questioned, surprised to hear her tiny voice.
“No one deserved any of this,” the Captain restarted.  “This has to be someone close to us. Who could have known Nick and Sam were meeting tonight?”
She pushed the ‘analyze’ button, and let the machine do its work, as it repeatedly stated, “Stand clear -- analyzing… Stand clear -- analyzing…”
“I do trust you, Omega…” He stated softly.  “Honestly, I do…”
-- C.E.C.
But guess what else ?  I decided to post a chapter!
“I bet he did.”
“Hey… how did it go?” the other man wondered, setting down his artwork and pencil on the nightstand.
“Uhh, Tony,” Natasha spoke up after the spray.  “Are you alright?”
“I’m the Omega, who has an Alpha who is playing hard to get…”
“Uhhhh… Can’t wait to get you into my bed…” The billionaire groaned eager to get all of the Alpha’s clothes off, with or without his help.  “Just wish this car ride was faster…”
This left Steve and Tony all alone.
“Language…” the other man finally squeaked out, before his brown eyes flickered and fluttered open for the first time in several days.
Before he could say anything to anyone else, Clint stepped up and shook the hero’s hand, “Steve…”
“On your left!” A familiar voice shouted from behind them.
Tony replayed the events over and over, wondering if he’d done the right thing by letting Steve leave.
“Just get here! Both of you! Now!”
That left Tony and Steve alone in the kitchen… in silence… just looking at each other.
’! It’s Tony, not some random person of the street!”
“Good morning, boss…”
Here's a short filler chapter to get the ball rolling into A/B/O dynamics.
“I could eat…” the billionaire answered back.  “What do you have?”
“J?”  He said aloud.
“Okay, you two, enough please…” Steve piped up, having had a sufficient amount of their banter.
Steve chuckled tenderly, remarking back, “Oh, babe, I can do that 24-7-365. No need to ask. Can I still talk to you, while you work?”
That’s when it happened again. Another twitch of the pinky…
Tony Stark –
“Oh, I am so sure. Tell me what happened, and be fuckin’ honest…”
“Your fathers do, as do I.”
“Need to take you…”
That statement literally made the philanthropist purr.
“Fine! If you want me to remove Happy’s gun from his possession, it’s done.”
A/N:  Hi, all! :)
Natasha mouthed wordlessly, ‘Say no… Say no…’
“And, you are, Cap.  You are doing a really good job!”
He left Tony standing in stunning silence.
“Don’t make that a habit around here; you’re liable to be head-slapped by Natasha…”
That soft bouquet of clean, fresh cotton and warm cherry pie enticed his senses all over again, sending a jolt of arousal down his body.
“Tony…”
Let me know! Thx.
“Tony, I want you to heal from what happened that day in Malibu…”
– was out like a light…
It was a familiar scent that prickled his nose first, awaking him from his slumber.
“Jarvis… and, I’ve been watching all of you for a bit now…”
I hope you like this chapter!  Happy reading and enjoy!
“I don’t know if it’s sensible or not, but alright… I don’t know what-the-hell I want.”
“Bossman, I don’t want him taking advantage of your compromised state!”
“Guys…” She spoke, slowly raising her voice in the process.
“You too, and its okay to call me ‘Steve’…”
― Leigh Bardugo, 'Crooked Kingdom'.
Steve had left him injured and alone in Siberia…
…in heat…
“Oh, how chivalrous of you…” the philanthropist quipped nonchalantly.  “And, when did you decide to get some shut-eye?”
“Steve, bud, I’ll see ya later…”
For promised joy!'
“Cap, come on, man.  Stay. Stay here. Your presence here makes this crowd I got here vastly more important and more intelligent for that matter…”
Oh, fuck!
Steve wasn’t sure whether the Omega knew how to cook at all, so he had them opt for cold-cut sandwiches.
Hello, all!
“‘The Princess Bride’, Tony?”
“I have a stack of pancakes to eat.  I am a growing boy, you know.”
“Okay. Back to square one:  what did you tell him, before you came in here?”
“I think that would be wise, sir…” J piped up out of nowhere.  “And, by the way, I am not just a good talker, sir; I do hold a black belt in Taekwondo, a brown band in Muay Thai, and a blue belt in Krav Maga.  You just have to build me a body to use them.”
“Crazy, but I wouldn’t have it any other way…” the blonde responded with a soft grin.  “Any changes?”
Not everyone knew Tony Stark’s true dynamic identity.
“Surely the pleasure’s all mine, ma’am…”
“I was just saying that I don’t, is all.”
The philanthropist groaned in frustration and rolled onto his back, looking over at the Captain.
“He’s been hurt by an Omega before…”
“So, let me get this straight,” Bruce started up, rubbing his chin.  “Your arm tingled all morning, woke you up, and instantly stopped, when Steve was near you…”
His tracksuit is barely worn, same with his running shoes…
“You mean, Steve’s not here nearby…” the other man responded.  “He’s been lapping you all this time…”
As the doors closed, that left the hallway empty and all that could be heard were the beeps of the machine inside of the rooms nearby.
In no time at all, Tony had all of the dishes washed, dried and put away.
“‘Plastered’? Who’s getting plastered?” Tony asked back, recapping the juice bottle and putting it back in the fridge.  “It would be one drink, Cap…”
“You did have J call him, remember?” Steve remarked.  “And, we are still in the hospital…”
“It’s only three days, Steve…” Natasha retorted, concerned for her friend.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8OE5aBNbRE
This worked for about the first week, but after that, their oldest son was not having it.
“I was not hacked, gentlemen,” the AI piped up from Tony’s StarkWatch.  “May I suggest that Airman Wilson could have been followed?  Since Captain Rogers mentioned that he has veteran meetings four days out of the 7-day week in the same location on a consistent basis, could someone have identified his schedule and/or could have infiltrated his meetings?”
“I think, and don’t go crazy on me, Tony, but I think you’re mates…”
“We aren’t going after anyone,” Steve commanded.  “Not until we figure out what we are up against.  But first, we need to make sure Sam is okay.”
“I have some ideas,” He mumbled between oscillations.  “If you’re game, that is.”
“No, sir…” Jarvis responded.  “He’s drinking sparkling water with a twist of lime.”
“‘I think I’m entitled to it…’”
“How dare you, man?  How dare you?!” Bruce questioned, upset by his good friend’s perfidy.  “I confided in you, Tony!  How dare you ruin that trust?!”
“And, I want that too, Tony. I guess I’m letting all of the past crap go to my head. I shouldn’t be. I should be in the moment with you and your amazing omega scent.” Steve replied, scenting the bonding gland on the philanthropist’s neck.
“Tony, you do know what’s going to happen next, right?” Natasha questioned aloud, as she looked up from her book.
“Am I one of them?”
After four minutes, Steve started to feel stabbing pains in his chest and neck; he instantly knew what that meant:
“What makes you think that?”
“Need to have you…”
“Could Jarvis have been hacked?”  Clint speculated.
… genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist…
He grabbed Tony’s body underneath the arms and pulled him up to the surface, gasping for breath.  He dragged him onto the pool deck and immediately started CPR.
Even though the weight of his world was, at that moment, on his shoulders...
“Boy, gotta love that my boy is researching his father’s love life…”
“Touché...”
They had been through so much together, yet nothing fazed either of them.
“So, why did you think Tony & I were together?”
Wow, a 4th chapter in a short amount of time!
Tony walked out of the med room and walked over the elevator, pressing the ‘up’ button.  Steve quickly moved after him
“One month, Pete, or would you like to make it two?  Take it or leave it.”
“Mr. Stark, I am not here to give you the ‘quick fix’ so-to-speak; I’m here to help you figure out your own issues and to help you mend the things in your life that are broken.  Understood? Now, our time is up for today. This time next week sound good?”
“No, Cap, I’m gonna do this!  Bruce, when-the-hell are you gonna pull your Omega dick from between your legs and mate with Nat?  She ‘is’ the Alpha you’ve been pining for… for what:  3-4 years now?”
As he said that, a familiar face emerged from the operating room behind them, removing a mask as she strode over to the group.  Standing eye-level with Tony, Dr. Helen Cho had an austere look on her face.
“‘A little research’, Brucey Bear?”
… It was his own.
“Will, do sir.”
“I’m not doing anything your body doesn’t want me to, Tony…” the other man responded, rubbing the scent gland tenderly.  “Did you want me to stop?”
“That’s the most likely and probable idea, Jarvis…” Steve responded.  “Could you cross-reference anyone who is a regular member of the meetings versus anyone who is new to them?”
“Au contraire, mon bel amour, but the alpha-based tranquilizer I have installed in the car is. Thank Bruce for that. He had to use it on Natasha once after she saw another alpha flirting with him at a science symposium we were attending. It wasn’t pretty, but it worked like a damn charm.”
“And, why can’t you?”
“Ugh,” he groaned as he stretched his body out.  “Fine!”
Steve shot them a smile and gave them a wave, as he moved past them again, near the Obelisk.
As soon as Steve stopped, Tony sprayed himself down with the nozzle, diluting any Omega slick residue, but it didn’t dilute the scent.  That Tony got rid of with a splash of whiskey on his skin.
-- C.E.C.
-- C.E.C.
“I’m not talking about Steve, Sam… I’m talking about Tony…”
“Spot-on… you interested in playing 18 holes with me sometime?”
Big, tough, fearless, powerful Iron Man was an Omega.
Sam was lying in his hospital bed, body covered in a gown and blanket.  He was hooked up to several machines with his arms full of different tubes and one leg in a hard cast, while the other leg was in a IPC cuff.  The soft hum of the machine inflating and the heart monitor beeping filled the room.  His nose and mouth were covering with an oxygen mask.
“Jealous of what?  Jealous of me? Of Steve?”
"We will meet again, captain."
“Omega…” He growled.
Happy reading & enjoy!
“Get tired of one kind easily?” He piped up lightly, reading all of the labels.
“Whoa, hold on, big guy…” the other man responded softly, a little scared of what was to come next.
“I will call for help, sir…”
“Like the hell you are! A real alpha wouldn’t be acting like an ape right now!”
Steve smiled & winked at him, before he swiftly moved around the kitchen, gathering up the items for their impromptu dinner date.
“But, you would think the doctors would have an answer to all of ‘this’ by now…”
After dinner finished, Steve tried to clean up the kitchen carnage. But alas, the billionaire wouldn’t let him.  He told him that since he made dinner, it would only be polite for him to clean up.
Happy reading and enjoy!
I love y'all!
Steve stepped onto the elevator, as Tony pressed a set of buttons on the keypad, which closed the doors, among other things.  Out of nowhere, he heard an unfamiliar voice, “Good morning, Captain Rogers…”
“Ugh, no… where are they right now?”
“Will do, sir, and sir, you know you don’t hate me… you like Captain Rogers more to try something he enjoys…”
“Tony, you have a drink… it’s in your other hand…”
"Heavy" is sung by American rock band Linkin Park, featuring guest vocals from American singer Kiiara.  It was released by Warner Bros. Records and Machine Shop Records on February 16, 2017.
But, at that same time, he could believe in Steve’s passion for their mating and his need to protect him.  (He secretly wanted the mating as well).
As Tony started to eat, Steve realized that he had forgotten something on his dinner table.  He got up promptly, moving over to his fridge again. Upon opening the door, he turned to the billionaire and questioned, “Do you want pinot grigio or whiskey?”
Now defensive, what will he will say in return?
The billionaire could see Steve’s very evident ‘approval’ of him naked plumping up in his gym sweats, causing him to slick again.  The chlorine in the pool, however, deadened the scent.
“I – uh, I – uh…”
Months had passed since that day in the pool, and Tony was still reliving it in his mind.
Thank you for reading and enjoy!
“Good… Thor…”
“Tony, good to know the true you…”
“Its 9:30 in the morning, sir…” the A.I. stated.
“Come on, Tony... it’s not funny…” The Captain stated, banging the side of the pool under the water.  “Come on, Tony!”
“That’s all, sir.  Should I cancel the lock-down that Captain Rogers put in place?  Ms. Romanov and Dr. Banner have been waiting to come up to your floor.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That shouldn’t have happened, Tony,” Steve mumbled directly from his position before taking another deep breath.  “It won’t happen again. I can’t have someone threatening you.”
“Likewise, Cap…” Tony stated breathlessly, before taking a drink from his scotch.  “Likewise…”
“Steve, honey, darling, sweetie, babe, beautiful love of my life, I am not giving in to our heir presumptive.  Peter, you may swing around in the empty plane hangar, next to the Compound…”
“Naw, I got Jarvis on it…”
Tony couldn't help but mewl softly as his husband kept him keening and arched his body with every powerful thrust. The burning flams of his heat taking over him combined with his Alpha taking him apart made him dig his slightly long nails into his Alpha's back trying to hold on for dear life. Tony couldn't help chanting his mate's name over and over, quivering in his place as Steve's hands ran over every inch of his body, not leaving an inch unmark.
"I want people to know about me." Steven said which made Peggy pause for a second, but she gathered herself and followed him, entering the mansion, and headed to the library, a quiet place that the two of them will be able to talk without someone, interrupting them.
So I wanted to tell you a little bit about the stories I'm thinking about publishing.
"I am scared…" Tony ended up saying, his words causing Steve to hold his mate tightly, letting out calming pheromones in hope of Tony relaxing. "I mean… we have two kids to take care of… are we even ready for a third?" Tony asked, his voice breaking and his hands were twitching causing Steve to sigh and kiss Tony's head.
It ends up with him regaining his footing; it was a slow process that was filled with crying when he was telling Betty how alone he was how much of a failure he felt for letting his baby die, that sometimes at night he felt that his baby was live out there calling for him. It was filled with healing, as he learned that he wasn't the only one out there, that there were other people too.
"Yeah, she is… she is going to be a heartbreaker… and a troublemaker just like her brothers," Steve said after pausing a little, which did nothing but gain a happy chuckle from Tony, for he already knew what his husband meant by that… they are already outnumbered with both Peter and Harley, add a little girl to the mix would be a nightmare, especially when she would probably charm anyone into believing her innocent… it would be a nightmare… a beautiful nightmare that Tony want and long for.
That night, Tony told Steve, Peter, and his family how much he loved them over and over, making Steve promise him to destroy the Iron Man suits that were left in the basement gathering dust, for Shield and Steve never found someone good enough to hold that mantra of 'Iron Man', he told Peter how proud he was of him and how much he was happy to call the younger man his son, he told MJ to take care of Peter and Steve, because he knew the two of them will always get themselves in troubles if someone wasn't there to stop them, he told his grandchildren how much he loved them and how much he was going to miss them… that night Tony went to bed with a wide smile telling Steve that he loved him three thousand…
P.S: This is an Omegaverse story as in Alpha/Beta/Omega dynamic, you have been warned!
"He ran away…" Tony whispered, rubbing Harley's back when the boy let out a groan and nuzzled his neck. Hearing these words Steve tensed for a second and his hand tightened on Tony's waist before he managed to calm down, looking at Harley and taking the boy's rumbled look. "We will talk later; I just need to put him in bed first," Tony whispered before giving his Alpha a weak smile.
"No!" Morgan giggled, snuggling happily into Tony's chest, happy laughter leaving her now and then as she seemed to try and control herself. "Mama!" Tony let out a confused noise at the word that left his baby's mouth; for he was sure he never repeated that word in front of Morgan. "Mama!" Morgan chirrup, pointing at Tony with a huge smile taking over her face, before turning around and calling 'Papa!' when her eyes fell on the lake.
After they reached a faraway place from the screaming children and noisy adults Betty turned to Tony, a tired look on her face like she doesn't know what to say to him. "I gathered that he was abused by the way you acted over there, can you tell me more detail about him?" Tony stated as he crosses his arms, feeling like knowing what Betty will say next will make his mood darken.
When he was finally calm down enough, and the poor doll destroyed; Tony turned to the Avengers who were gazing at him with something akin to fear in their eyes, even Clint who was squirming like a fly on a spider web was quiet. "Where is he?" Tony asked through gritted teeth, his eyes going from one person to another, daring them not to answer him or they will face their doom like the poor toy, whose remains were all over the place.
The pup blinked a little and then shrugged. "I lost him!" The chirp in the boy's voice held so much cheerfulness it made Tony nearly faint when he realizes the pup had run away from his father and now his very much worried Huge/Scary/Alpha father was searching for him… the universe really wanted Tony to die.
Steven as much as he hated to admit it… he has forgotten about Ms. Potts, he just though that in this universe she nor Rhodey were in Tony's life, but as always life just love to proven Steven wrong, and that happened in the form of Steven gazing at the woman's face after not seeing her for more than three decades… he didn't regret nearly stabbing her in the eye…
"Working on my armor, I want to make it stronger and lighter, so far I didn't find the component that will help to make the armor lighter." Tony explained as he let go of his tools, it was a time for a break, it was tiring working none-stop without a visible improvement insight.
"I heard you decided to go on a hunting trip… with the oathbreaker no less," Steven stated, gazing at Anton like he was a fool as he checked over him, frowning when his eyes fell on the tunic Anton was wearing, not even having an armor over it; his Alpha snarled at the scathe look the Omega sent his way, a look that informed Anton the queen thought of him as nothing but a lesser and a fool. "You know that misfortune follows every oath breaker, or did you forget?" Steven asked, his eyes were narrowed as he glared at Anton making the Alpha clench his fists tightly.
I blame October month and Halloween on this spooky and hunted chapter…
After that day, things moved fast and slow at the same time. Tony finally moved into his new home, and he was the happiest he was since he was young; he met a lot of his neighbors, and befriended a lot of them which was a fate by itself! He even planned with Pepper on opening their own company in clean energy, far away from weapons and deaths.
It was after he knew that he could get pregnant and after Ty left him because he was a freak (In Ty's words) That he knew it was better for him if he stayed alone for the rest of his life and that he should count on no one unless they were his Star; ignoring everyone Natasha, Pepper, or sometimes Peggy trying to sit him with (Pepper and Peggy were so mad when they learned about Ty that Aunt Peggy herself went to the bastard and broke his nose, sending him to the hospital, it was the best day of Tony's life!) Tony never regretted not going back to dating, he was actually a lot happier being single and taking care of his smart and cute baby; he couldn't even believe half of the times, that Peter was his and that he was able to create the most amazing and beautiful baby ever!
Tony wasn't sleek and silent like Rogers was, he didn't move through the land and then later lake with agile grace. With every step Tony took inside the lake after he reached it, the water froths and churns around him, stirring up mud and debris. His action did nothing but cause Rogers to tilt his head, humming when Tony came to stand in front of him, treading through the water to keep afloat.
After wandering the halls, Steve heard the sound of a breaking glass which made him run toward the hall on the left to see what happened. Steve saw Howard sitting in the hallway surrounded by alcohol bottles staring at the door in front of him with empty eyes. "Howard…" Steve whispered putting his hand on Howard's shoulder making the older man look up at him blinking in confusion…
(See the end of the chapter for
Steven laughed at that his gaze softened a little when they fell on Tony before he turned his gaze to the sky. "When I met my husband, he was already forty, at that time I thought there was something wrong with me because I never felt any sexual attraction toward anyone… if only I knew it the reason for that was because I haven't found the right partner." Steven said which made Tony hum at that.
"Are you sure you don't want a sparring partner?" The voice coming from behind Steven made him pause in his punches and turn to Peggy, who was looking at him thoughtfully, making the blond press his lips tightly as he gazes at the destroyed punching bags that were lying on the ground. "I'm tougher than I look," Peggy with a teasing smile, getting inside the boxing ring and taking a stand making Steve shake his head and follow her.
"Then what are you doing? Go talk to him, I will try and make something for dinner; hopefully, the kids would eat something today other than sweets." Tony sighed and then huffed informing Steve that the two of them were thinking the same thing, with one last kiss to his husband's forehead, Steve finally let Tony go before heading to Peter's room.
Steve didn't know why, but one day he had asked Peggy how she had known that Angie was her fated mate… he asked her what was the phenomena that were called 'Fated Mates' that everyone seemed to talk about… he remembered Peggy pausing a little bit at that then smiled… she explains to him what fated mate was, how they are the person that will stay by your side no matter what, how fate chooses them for people, how you will know them when you see them… she explained that you can know if you have a fated mate, that it's different from one person to another, that some can communicate with their mate by writing on their skin, how some dreams of them, how some can just see them in the mirrors, different ways to find them, but not once did she mentioned any kind related to that hunted singing…
"I know you wouldn't say something as distasteful as that, not when you hate Steven Rogers, so I accept there to be some truth in your words," Tony stated, raising his head high and looking at Fury from under his nose, waiting for what Fury's next action would be while hoping that the man would cut this off and tell him what he wanted.
"People are talking, about the Omega who changed the king's mind… Loki and Thor are angry, furious, that an Omega who carried runes like that was in Johann's hands, and had his pup too." Klint said in a low voice, his words only meant for Nattalegg's ears, and those words made Nattalegg frown and turned her head when she heard Thor's loud voice, taking in the blooded Thor and Loki, who were glaring at all of those who dared to look at them… it seems that they took their revenge from Johann.
"Isn't there a way? I am sure you have a therapy for this kind of things, I am not saying that we should let Tony start a relationship with Rogers, God knows what Tony will do if he saw us trying to actively separate them, but we can post pointed it as much as we can if we have an excuse until we find Bucky, then Tony can't say a thing." Steven said hating himself for conspiring with Peggy to separate Tony from someone he loves, but what can he do? Tony himself told him that when he was twenty he gained nothing but heartbreak and pain because he believed that people actually cared and because of that his decisions were always rushed, and Steven wanted to spare Tony that pain if he can, even if it meant doing a despicable thing like that. Steven pulled the woman with him to sit on one of the sofas in the library, hoping that she will be able to think straight with the change of scenery
Bucky-doll and the little spider looked at each other before letting out a shudder of disgust, an action that made Serpentine's curiosity increased. It took a few hesitated seconds before Bucky-doll and the spider walked toward their next distention, both of them looking like the two of them wanted to be anywhere but the place they are heading to.
But what he saw made Tony's jaw fall down and his eyes widen as he snapped his mouth shut, not even knowing what to do because he could perfectly see that Steve Rogers was getting tortured by the chair. But the thing is, the man was not thrashing in pain, he was not screaming for them to stop, he was actually smirking at them with a dark look in his eyes. "Is that all you got? Why don't you raise it ten volts?" That was what the man said as he let out a satisfied purr when they did that, and Tony swore he heard sobs and cries in the background, probably from the scientists because he was sure he heard "We are going to die!" which made Tony blink and blink and blink some more.
"First of all, it wasn't me!" Tony squeaked as he stood up, taking advantage of the few inches the suit gave him which meant he won't get slapped easily this time. "It was Barnes who made every one of my teammates go against me and agree to house that crazy man, and to top it all he brainwashed my teammates and now all of them are in love with him! And when that crazy Addams spell didn't work on me he starts asking me out, Pepper, he is stalking me!" Tony made sure to put on his best whiny persona he has, which did nothing but make Pepper groan in irritation and massage her forehead, cursing Tony to hell and back for this.
"What time is it J?" Tony asked as he put the rag in the stool going to the sink in the lab to wash his hands from the grease and dirt, waving to Peter to come and wash his hands which the pup did with a skip in his steps.
Steve raised his eyebrow at Thor's description and snorted a little. "This is where dead people go to Thor, you know heaven or Valhalla, I don't know what you call it exactly, but I think that's right." Steve waved his hand offhandedly and looked at his right hand that was still shackled to the bed, it only made him sigh and tug the restraining with a little bit of strength which made the shackles break.
Reaching the lake, Anton finally let out a tired sigh, only a few trees separating Anton from taking the much-needed swim; wondering how freezing the water is going to be and how long he can stay in it. Maybe fifteen minutes or more would be Anton's limit. They were still in autumn, they would not start the Winter until weeks from now, which meant the water, even cold, it was not that cold that forced Anton to stay a minute or two before leaving the lake or risk his body working over him and start freezing to death.
"I am so sorry Mr. Stark…" Sam informed him gently, Tony was sure that there were few sentences that he missed as he felt like he was about to faint… May Parker the adopted mother of his child was still in a coma in one of Queens hospitals since the crash, they were able to save her, but her husband Ben was thrown out of the car by the impact of the crash, a car run over him, but he was dead long before that, and his baby… his baby stayed in the car while it starts flaming… cause of death… burning… not a car crash, but burning… his baby spent the last minutes of his life screaming in pain, and Tony wasn't even there… Tony felt sick… "Mr. Stark!" Tony blinked a little as he felt someone shaking him… no, no one was shaking him, he was the one who was shaking.
, who looked just like their son and who loved playing with Natasha and cause mischief was out of the town. Is that right? Is that right?" Tony snapped when Natasha didn't answer causing the woman to lower her head in shame and nod. "Thank you, Natasha, for showing me who is the real villain after all, and surprise, surprise, it was never Rogers, to begin with, just the crazies who live here." Tony spat, feeling his anger and disbelieve rise at the thought, of him blaming a victim just like him when the real monsters were those living in the town.
Steven left it at that which made everyone quiet down and look at the queen, the happy mood they felt vanish in a blink of an eye as they looked at the queen who refused to look at anyone.
8-Ef þú gerir þetta ertu ekki betri en hann! -If you do this you are no better than him!
"Yeah, and scary blonds are…" Tony murmured to himself before shaking his head at that, just because he admires Steve physic doesn't mean anything, besides the man, was probably too busy with his son, he doesn't know about a mate for the man shut that conversation before it even started, but who was Tony trying to kid? The man probably has dozen of babes wanting him for his physic and good look only, and from what he saw the Alpha was a good father, his hands were probably full taking care of his son… Tony really hated how he went from thinking about his baby to wanting a strange Alpha just after his son's death was confirmed… it made him feel dirty.
Petrus was left fidgeting in his place, looking down at his feet while sneaking glances at the Omega through his curls. It ended with Steven giving the small pup a gentle smile, which did nothing but bring a flush that painted itself on Petrus' cheeks, and the boy looked down as fast as he can, trying not to show Steven his flushed face. "Y-your highness…" Petrus mumbled, and Steven's heart gave a pang at the self-conscious tone the boy used.
It was nice, more than nice really, and it made Tony think that the lake monster (If such a thing exists) wasn't all that bad; because if the monster was really as bad as dream-Ty stated, than Tony would have been dead a long time ago, not being protected and looked after and ending up feeling safe and content every time he enters the lake. So with no one to stop him or scold him about doing things he shouldn't; Tony continued to take the boat and row to the middle of the lake, humming to himself and singing silly songs, sometimes he will tell whoever was listen to some stories of his childhood.
Steve let out a sigh as he got out of his room, planning on making breakfast for him and for James, and Steve hoped that the man will share breakfast with him today, double hoping that the man wouldn't isolate himself in his room again leaving Steve wondering what he did wrong this time.
It had been three months since Rogers was brought here, three months of the man being weird but endearing at the same time, she had to admit. At first, she thought that the Winter Soldier was going to be nothing but a headache, a creepy headache considering his Addams hierarchy and him having once upon a time tried to kill her.
Tony wondered to himself if he was going to start crying any minute now because there was no way… just no way, that Stane and his father already knew about his plan, no way! Tony's lips start trembling at that and he was sure there were tears in his eyes by this point, and the teen wouldn't care if he starts crying, because his dream was just turned into dust once again by his father and Stane, he can't go to Atlanta now, not after Stane buying a cabin there, it doesn't matter if there were a million others there, he can't be seen by Stane or his father!
Natasha gave a sad look as she stood a few feet away from Tony, twisting her hands together in an uncomfortable fashion. "I came to see how you were doing…" Natasha stated in a hesitant voice, shifting in her place before raising her eyes toward Tony. "I am sorry… I really am Tony, but we were doing what has to be done, protecting both of you and Rogers." Natasha tried to explain her words gaining only an annoyed sigh from Tony.
Living with James, was not different than living with Tony, not because the man was a chattering and social person, but because the man always spent his time in his room… the only time Steve saw the man was at night when he was reheating the food that Steve made, before he returns back to his room and hides until next day, and no matter how Steve told his husband about his worries, the Alpha only shrug it off telling him that this was James's way of acting… that if his husband was home... because for the past month the Alpha never seemed to stay home that much, always away at the company and shrugging Steve's questions and pleas, something about an important deal that he needed to prepare for.
Peter and his family rushed to the hospital an hour later, tears were already in Peter's red eyes as it fell on his mentor and father figure, he wobbled toward Tony and held into him tightly when the older man opened his arms for Peter. Tony met his grandchildren and MJ, and to their joy, he remembered them. It didn't stop Steve from hating Morgan and Pepper more and more every second that passed, because every time the door to the room was opened, Tony will look up with such a hopeful look on his face, hoping that the next person that entered the room was Morgan. No matter how many times Steve called them, they didn't answer, nor came to the hospital after he sent some of Shield agents to go and bring them.
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, anxiety, Howard being a bastard but he will get what he deserves, violence, maybe fluff? And BAMF Steve! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
The first story 'The Lake House' it's Thrill/Mystery story, with pregnant Tony in the mix, if you like the cabin in the woods kind of stories, then this is the one for you!
"Then let us pray to Odin that the queen will not catch a sight of Tyber; for I know I will not stop him when he goes at that weasel with a sword." Anton hissed standing from the wooden stool he was sitting on. Part of Anton wanted to be the one that will have a go at Tyber, but knowing the queen; the man will have a go at Tyber before Anton and turn his sword at Anton if the Alpha dared to stop him from having his revenge.
For the first time in a long, long time, Tony felt beautiful; a feeling that Tony hadn't felt for years and years now, not since he lost his baby and himself after. But in the end, it seemed like the only thing that he needed to feel like himself once more was his beautiful family and friends; it seemed that Tony only needed his beautiful Alpha and amazing child, to feel this way once more.
After that dark day… Pepper always came to the mansion daily, mainly to see Rogers and sigh like a schoolgirl, and Tony made sure to avoid everyone after that, spending all of his time trying to search for a way to break Rogers' spell on everyone, and stay alive in this cold, cold world, while making sure that Rhodey won't come to the mansion and fall a victim to Rogers' spell Rogers, who was still trying to court him (Tony felt sick every time he said that word) and getting nowhere other than a repulsor in the face, which did nothing but made hearts appear in Rogers' eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
That thought scared him, it made Tony shiver and shake and fear that Steve will disappear every time he left his sight for a second. It was only Steve's kisses and embraces that kept Tony in line, made the Omega believe that this wasn't a dream that he will wake up from soon.
P.S: Beta by the amazing! fiftyshadesofston!
(See the end of the chapter for
"But Tony! It could make an amazing present for everyone back home! We can even make it our pet if you refuse to eat it!" Steve said, and Tony's jaw dropped as he saw the shark flinch and flip around like crazy, trying desperately to dry itself fast so it would drop dead faster. The whispers and panicked shouts Tony was hearing made him twitch and a frown took over his face, especially when the shark seemed to turn white… well whiter… by the second.
"I… the pup called me Cap… he said when he saw me 'You are here'… he acted like he knew me." Steve stuttered making the doctor pause at that with a frown.
Steve glared and growled at everyone who dared to glance at him, pushing his wheelchair away from his room toward the elevator, ignoring Peggy who was trailing after him trying to convince him of seeing Bucky and giving the Alpha a chance to explain. As if! So far Steve managed to avoid meeting the asshole by screaming and snarling and threatening him with death every time the Alpha dared to come into his room while he was awake, which always ended up with the Alpha looking at him with a broken look on his face, and the Omega nurses whispering about how ungrateful bitch he was when they thought he wasn't looking; that was so rude, Steve was going to make sure to give a strong-worded complain after he runs away from here.
"What… do you mean?" Anton asked, fearing the answer to that question; Jamti did nothing but close his eyes, whispering the word '
Tony tried to lose himself in dinner, trying to smile and give his input now and then, listening to Peter's chatters as he jumped in his chair, feeding his shirt more that he fed himself, which made the Omega give a pained smile that he had to hide behind his glass as he gazed at the pup, wiping his face clean with his handkerchief when they were done with dinner.
"You definitely are." Pepper snorted, smiling to herself before she turned to Tony and checking him out, raising her brow at the suit he was wearing. "Oh my… the suit you are wearing is telling me that you are trying to impress someone. Is it Steve?" Pepper's grin widens when no doubt she saw Tony's face become pink. "You know, I approve if you asked me, if I didn't know Steve asked you out, I would have snatched him myself; the two of us have so much in common!" Pepper laughed when Tony growl and glare at her. "Wow, just as Peggy and Natasha said, this is entertaining." Pepper's grin widens as her eyes fell on someone.
When Tony came to him holding a glass of cold water ready to give it to him, Steve raised his hand and pressed it on his Alpha's nose, making the man give a confused noise of protest, but he let Steve press his fingers harder, inspecting the nose in his hand to his heart content, trying to wipe any makeup there is, but there was nothing, Tony's nose wasn't broken. "You passed out last night, that's what happened." Tony stated, still confused at Steve's action but gave him the glass of water, causing Steve to take the glass slowly, taking a few sips before putting it on the nightstand.
Steve sighed at that thought and get out of his car smiling at the irony that flying cars do exist in the far away future, he walked toward his and Tony's home, the two of them did end up living in the Avengers HQ with Steve training new recruits with the help of Peter Parker, the man who was like a son to him and Tony.
"You don't understand Steve! It was his fault, ever since he came into our home, why are you protecting him?" Tony said desperately, hoping that Steve will listen to him this time, he wanted his mate to believe him, doesn't he understand that this was all James fault, that ever since the younger Alpha arrived, their lives turned upside down.
Today Dr. Ross took pity on Tony, and that showed by her making only half of the session into tears feast, the other half of the session was spent asking Tony about his day and how he was adjusting to being back home, and how does his family treat him and other things like that, and Tony spent the time complaining about how Steve loved to cheat on their matches, and how he persuades Peter to join him, the nerve!
The pup scrunches his nose thinking. "Papa is big…" The pup said which made Tony hum and start walking with one hand holding his baggage and the other holding the pup's hand, that information didn't help, for everyone was big in the pup's eyes. "He has yellow hair and blue eyes… he is a… uh, Alfa?" The pup looked at Tony who was having a hard time holding his laughter at the child's description, the pup said all of that with a cute British accented voice which made him think of Jarvis a little.
"This." Steve said thrusting the phone in her hand and walk around the room trying to calm himself, taking a deep breath after a deep breath. The sound of broken gasp made Steve look at Peggy who was shaking like a leaf.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluff, horror elements, poor Tony, and finally, the baby is here! All reviews are appreciated.
"She is not my mistress, she is my friend! It was just a stupid kiss in the heat of the moment, the only reason I didn't tell you about it, is because I know you will overreact like you always do!" Tony shouted, causing Steve to flinch at the dark undertone Tony used, but that didn't stop Steve's hackle from rising at how his husband spoke to him; overreact? Steve would show him what overreacting meant!
"Mommy, Mr. Stark!" The happy sound of Peter made the two of them froze in mid-kiss, as fear took hold of the two of them, and suddenly Tony squeak as he was pushed away from Steve who seemed to regain himself, and tried to straighten his clothes, ignoring his flustered face that turning red, unfortunately for Tony, he lost his balance when Steve pushed him, so now he was left facing the ceiling with wide eyes and pounding heart not knowing what to do since he was brutally bushed away from his Omega by the said Omega. "Mommy… why is Mr. Stark on the floor?" That was Peter's question as the boy finally reached the living room and saw the two of them there, with Steve standing and leaning on the sofa with a flushed face and Tony still on the ground looking at the ceiling with a dazed look.
"Remind me again, why did we decide to practice before going to the therapy?" Tony asked as he stood up with Peter in his arms, holding the squirming pup, lest he runs away and hurt himself while trying to get off the boxing ring, Steve knew that the question was a not one that needed an answer, but like the little shit he was, he answered it all the same.
"Let me get this straight… you idiotically agreed to go out on a date with an Addams, and didn't foresee doing some research on the Addams traditions before agreeing on the second date?" Rhodey summed everything up as he started massaging his forehead and letting out a pained groan that informed Tony he really fucked this up. "What am I going to do with you, Tony? Everyone knows that once an Addams get married you are with them till death do you part, and no one, not Satan himself can stop an Addams when they are after something, and to top it all you are marrying The Original Captain America/The Scariest Assassin of All The Winter Soldier?" Rhodey let out a pained noise when Tony nodded his head, looking from side to side like he was trying to find somewhere to get out of this scary nightmare that doesn't seem to end.
Hearing that cracked voice whispering something like this, made Steve choke, it made pain and hurt take a hold of his heart, but the thing is Tony was right, this was his entire fault, if he had been brave like everyone said he was, he wouldn't have crashed the plane and froze himself in the ice, but he was coward, and the price of his cowardice act was lying in this bed holding his pup saying sorry for something he didn't do, it was his fault. The sound of doctors and nurses entering the room made Steve break off from his dark thoughts, he saw them go toward the Omega and his pup and try to pull the Omega away only making Tony scream and thrash more and more screaming at them to let him go.
"This is not moving on, sweetheart…" Steve whispered as he kissed the back of the Omega's head, making tears that Tony tried to hold in, to trickle down his face as he shook his head, which only succeeded in making the Alpha shush him gently. "Baby, this is running away! Trying to destroy the last link you had with your baby, just so that you will forget him, this is not you, Tony, this is not you, sweetheart." A sob left Tony at that as he tried to control his breathing, trying to stop crying.
"How is my baby doing?" Tony cooed as he stood up, Peter was still in his embrace, giggling happily when Tony struggled to pick him up, the boy was getting a little heavier, which do nothing but make Tony happier, because it meant he was healthy. "Don't worry big guy, I didn't forget about you." Tony grin as his gaze fell on Steve, the Alpha though only smiled as he shook his head, pulling Tony from his waist and kissing him on the cheek, causing Tony to flush feeling pleasant on the inside, Peter though continued to giggle but he starts poking Tony playfully on his pink cheek.
Tony let out a sigh at the whisper of his name, nuzzling his face into Rogers's neck, finally noticing the gills that were tucked behind Rogers's ear. Whenever Tony breathes gusted across them they flutter, delicate as a moth's wing, and Rogers's shivers. When Tony pressed his mouth to them Rogers moaned a sharp, startling sound that caused Tony's breath to hitch as he threaded his fingers through Rogers's hair, combing back the stray strands of hair that covers Rogers's face.
Sorry for the late update…
Tony heard Pepper snap, not that he was paying that much attention; in truth, Tony's eyes were trained on the open door of the closet, the door that Tony knew was closed when they got inside the room, and Rhodey nor Tony opened it. swallowing thickly, Tony walked toward the closet on light feet, wondering if Pepper and Rhodey noticed his strange behavior, but he knows they might not have noticed at all, between their loud arguing.
Tony then run upstairs, he froze as he heard footsteps heading down, he hides in one of the closets and waited until the noise sounded farther away, he then gets out and runs up searching for Jarvis. "Oh, God," Tony whispered as he saw Jarvis on the floor unconscious. Tony runs toward Jarvis and turns the other man making him let out a weak moan.
"Can Mr. Stark teach me Kung Fu moves? Please, please, please, please!" Peter whined as he jumped around the place like a buzzing bee, going to Tony when Steve took too long to answer and sat on the Alpha's stomach which made the Alpha let out a whoosh of air at the weight that fell on him suddenly. "Mr. Stark, please!" Peter pleaded with the Alpha which snapped Tony and made him gaze at the cute pup who was giving Tony the cutest puppy dog eyes in the history of humanity.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I… it's… OK…" Steven muttered as his hand runs gently on the smooth metal, giving a small tired smile. "It's made of Vibranium by the way…" Steve said as he caresses the rings in his hand, smiling a little when he read the words written inside the rings
"There is no need, Mrs. Carter, I can fix it, can I go and see it, please?" Tony asked trying to stop himself from jumping up and down in his chair, as he went through picture after a picture of the house he was going to buy, his own house, and remodel it like how he wanted, a beautiful gift for his baby for when they will come to the world, a place that they will love and adore, living a happy and healthy life in a place like that, without Stane or Howard's poisonous influence!
To be truthful with himself; Tony was terrified to death. Pregnancy was something that he tried to avoid like a plague, fearing that any pregnancy he would go through would end up like his first; with a dead child and a drunken mess that was Tony. He doesn't even know how he ended up pregnant; he always made sure to take his birth control daily and even remind Steve to wear a condom if the two of them weren't too lost in their heat and rut. So it stomped him to be informed that he was pregnant… in his third month no less.
The voice from the ceiling said which made Steve hum, but the woman and the man behind him froze and looked at him for a little while before starting whispering with each other furiously, which Steve ignore as they stopped bothering Steve or ordering him around, which made the Omega relax a little as he tried to calm himself down a little, when the door ping and open the were greeted by the sound of screaming and shouting.
"This afternoon." Steve said making Peggy let out a sob at that, making her lose her footing and nearly fall to the floor if it wasn't for Howard rushing toward her to hold her. "What's going on Peggy? Am I finally going crazy?" Steve asked with a shaky voice, he can see Peggy trying to stop her tears from falling, he can see her shake her head at his question, he can see her give Howard the phone to read and reread the message…
"I think that I should introduce myself… since we're neighbors and all. My name is Tony Carbonell… nice to meet you I guess?" Tony looked at the lake, a place so small and still and tucked away that it doesn't even have a name. "I don't know what to call you, but what do you think about Rogers? Like the old owners of the house?" Tony knew he was rumbling but he couldn't help himself, the air around him turned cold which made the teen shiver and rushed inside his house, not sparing another glance at the lake… if he did he would have noticed…
"OK, what's going on you guys?" That was Bucky, who finally returned from the training room with Steven in tow, Steven who was looking too smug with himself, every time he glanced at Bucky, and when everyone looked closely, they saw the shiner that Bucky has and everyone wince… Steven was really scary.
Steve couldn't help but start imagining his future; for a long time, Steve wished for a child, a child that he will love and spoil and grant them their every wish. Now, now after a long time, Steve finally gained his wish; him having a child with the love of his life, a child that will know he was loved and accepted and wanted no matter what.
Steven couldn't help but glance now and then at Tony who was glancing at Rogers and then at the dance floor with longing. Steven shifts awkwardly in place at that, before letting out a sigh, putting the champagne down and taking Tony's hand in his. "Come on, I'm bored," Steven smiled as he dragged the Omega to the dance floor, which made the young man flush at that and gazes at Rogers, who still didn't pay him any attention. Tony frowned and started walking faster, pulling Steven with him to the dance floor.
"Tony-" Howard plea, but he was cut again by Tony, this time by a vase being thrown his way, which made him flinch as the vase missed his head by an inch and broke against the wall behind him, Howard didn't speak after that, afraid that he will make the Omega lose it more than he already was.
The next two weeks went by faster than Tony ever thought was possible; Tony wished to re-live the past month, again and again, wanting to be held in Steve's arms until the world's end. A small part of Tony was convinced that this beautiful life he was having now, was nothing but a dream; nothing but a beautiful fantasy he had wished for and was dreaming of, and that any moment now he will wake up back home… alone.
It had been a month since he starts seeing Dr. Ross, and it was a draining month for him, because he was forced to reveal everything that happened to him when he was in Obadiah's clutches, and what he hated the most that the Omega was always a mess when that happened. But to be honest, as much as Tony hated the idea of going to the therapy, he realizes that it worked, even if it was a slow process that bore him to death, but he realized it worked a little, he no longer feel the urge to flee or fight when he sees a strange Alpha for the first time, and the breathing exercise that Dr. Ross advised him to do, did work when he had a panic attack. And let's not forget about the boxing/judo/karate/other-forms-of-fighting lessons that Steve took upon himself to teach Tony, as much as Tony hated losing to the Alpha, but day after day he noticed that he was anticipating their lessons together, letting out some steam and learn how to protect himself and his little pup… it didn't hurt that Rogers was handsome…
"Leave him!" Natasha hissed as she came and stood in front of him, a growl leaving her lips as she glared at him darkly with her eight eyes… wait, what?! Tony let out a noise of confusion, blinking his eyes a few times before squinting them, counting the eyes he think he saw.
Two weeks after his fight with Tony, everything was still tense; no matter how much Steve tried to clear the air with his Alpha, Tony distance himself from him more than he has in the past two months. It was crushing Steve, pressuring him constantly, and nearly drove him to tears a few times; his husband was pulling away from him.
"I become a 'Savage', an unstoppable force and an immovable object at the same time, no one knew about that side effect, everyone thought the serum healed me… it was known four years after defeating Thanos when my husband was attacked and nearly died." Those words made Loki hum and lean on his chair with a thoughtful look.
Tony couldn't help but wince and shiver as he remembered how he walked through the empty halls that were once the pride of Fury. The walls were painted red and the light bulbs were destroyed, the few ones that were working were flickering in and out leaving an ire glow guiding lost souls; the bodies Tony saw lettering the ground made him gulp, and Tony was even afraid of going to shake one of them, fearing that the body would wake up as a zombie and eat his face, the screams in the background of the people Steve was torturing didn't even help Tony's pounding heart to calm down. Tony only managed to relax when he finally saw the door to his freedom, making a run for it and hoping that he wasn't going to die because of those stupid Addams; all in all, it was hell, and Tony was wondering how he was going to tell his team that Steve finally destroyed S.H.I.E.L.D... Oh well, better them than his company.
That day Tony received an album with pictures of his teen years in MIT with Pepper and Rhodey, that made the Omega give a watery smile and hug his friends tightly refusing to let them go, nearly crying out in happiness at the thoughtful present, even Pepper's mate helped with editing and improving the old pictures which made the Omega give the Beta a tight hug as thanks causing the Beta to fidget in embarrassment, especially when he was given the name 'Happy' by Peter. Natasha gave him his first dagger, a beautiful one at that with embodied flowers on the hilt and sheath, though Angie nearly popped a vine as she scolds the Alpha about daggers not being what someone calls a birthday gift. Still, Tony hugged the Alpha tightly at that thanking her for the present while asking her to teach him how to use it. Peggy gave him a Shield phone, some kind of futuristic device which made Tony's jaw nearly fall from its place, and Tony felt the ache that he felt all these months ago since he survived, the urge to disassemble the gadget and see what made it work and tick, but the Omega shook his head and gave the Alpha a huge grin before hugging her tightly. Angie gave him the hat that he spent fifteen years pestering her about, which made him croon in triumph at the thought of finally getting the red hat that aunt Peggy gave Angie when they start courting, which made Peggy raise her brow causing Angie to grin. Jarvis gave him his special chocolate that he only makes on Tony's birthday which the Omega had to stop himself from opening the package like a savage and gulping the whole thing down. His father brought him a car, a classic old thing that Tony fell in love with. His mother gave him his grandma necklace, a diamond necklace that passed through his family from generation to generation. Steve…
But like anything good in Tony's life… it doesn't last long… and the reason for that was some kind of new terrorists calling themselves 'Hydra' a continuation of the one Aunt Peggy fought in the seventies… no matter how much Tony fought with his team, those fuckers were like cockroaches, squash one and it will pop back as nothing happened to it, which was making Tony scream in rage and blast them in the face.
Idiot, foolish, stupid, cruel, helpless, whore; that's what Steven was, that's what he will always be, the foolish Omega who hoped and trusted one of his people only to be met with deception and trickery. Steven had hoped that his child had survived, he had hoped and wished and prayed; he prayed to Odin, to Thor, to Frigga and Loki. So far the only Gods who seemed to answer his prayers and not look down at him with mockery were Frigga and Loki. Goddess Frigga gave him his children and the strength to care for them and protect them (Even when he failed half of the time), and Loki gave him his sharp mind and fast thinking so he will be able to protect those who were dear to his heart. Every other deity just laughed at his pain, especially Odin who seemed to be delighted with what fate handed him.
Entering the kitchen it was then that Steven saw her… the woman who destroyed his husband's life, she was humming in the kitchen as she took something out of the fridge wearing casual clothes instead of the fancy skirt suits she always wears in his world, when she turned toward him, the smile on her face widened as she took him in. "Oh, you must be Steven! My name is Pepper Potts-" The woman said with a radiating smile as she came toward him and she couldn't even continue because Steven cut her.
"Ah, but you did." Steven stated, giving the king a narrow look that ordered him to stay quiet, and to Steven's surprise, the king did. "Six years ago, do you remember attacking the Hydra king's ships?" Steven asked with a sweet voice full of poison, which caused the Iron King to sit straight in his chair unconsciously. "I remember that day very well, do you know why? Because that day, the Hydra king killed my seven days old babe and James's twin brother in a fit of rage; that day I sower that I will personally guide the Hydra king to Hel's gates, with you not that far behind. But you! You took my revenge away from me!" Steven snarled his words causing the Alpha to clench his fists tightly.
In the end, Tony just sucked it up and pasted a happy smile on his face; living in ignorance was fine, Tony can do it. It wasn't like Tony didn't have that sort of life when he was with Howard and was forced to marry Stane against his will; Tony can live through everything if it meant that his daughter will be safe from any harm that will come, even if it was from the monster that lives inside the lake and the town surrounding them.
in 2010: In the first part of the Year, the events of Gala took a place where Tony met Peter, as for the latter part of the year, November. the events of The Avengers took a place.
Alphas wanted for their generosity.
"Look at me you piece of shit! Just because I rejected you doesn't mean that you are to go after my teammates! Why can't you understand that I hate you?" Tony screamed at the man, throwing the knife at the shadow he saw moving from the corner of his eye which got him a moan of pain followed by a banshee scream… then nothing… but the look on Rogers' eyes when he turned to the side to see smoke rise made Tony nearly rip his hair off because the man practically had hearts instead of eyes as he returns his gaze toward Tony.
How was Tony this stupid to not realize what Wanda's game was? How was he this stupid? Why didn't he stay with his baby when the team got their call to assemble? Everyone knows that Steve couldn't do much in the state he was in after the sunrise, just as everyone knows that Wanda was after Tony, wanting to kill him and hurt him, wanting to take revenge on Tony, when the one who killed her brother wasn't him, but one of Hydra's goons, when the poor teen tried to run away from that kind of life and warned them about Hydra.
The only thing Tony could feel though was pain and hurt; how could he? How could Rogers say that to him after six months? After he told him he loved him! It was the anger that won in the end, the anger at Rogers for what he did, and the anger at himself for falling for that Alpha, he should have listened to Peggy and Steven when they warned him. "You are a bastard Rogers!" Tony screamed and took the closet thing next to him and throws it at the Alpha, which was his cup that was full of hot coffee.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So what?" Tony grunt in boredom, wondering about the poor sandwich he left in his office when Fury barge into his safe place and dragged him into S.H.I.E.L.D. he hopes that the sandwich survived the trip and that at least Pepper found it and gave it to someone because Tony is sure as hell is not going to eat a dry sandwich now. "I am sure that it is going to cool off in a week or two, it's not like it didn't happen before when people knew about me being Iron Man," Tony stated, stiffening a yawn that was about to escape him, it seems like he was going to return home earlier than usual today, straight to the bed.
“Nope, nope… no, you don’t… not right now…”
When they found themselves around one another several months later, things were still awkward for Tony.  At least there were people around to distract him from his thoughts and intentions.
“What? I don’t wanna tell you…”
This caused the two friends to start giggling like schoolgirls. Happy abruptly stopped laughing as he got a big whiff of the pheromones permeating the space.  He instantly turned around, gun drawn and pointed towards Steve.
“Tony, just say it…”
“Just that it was there. Just in case… if something happens beyond anyone’s control.”
“Understood, sir.”
“You’re not eating pancakes made by your pop?”  Natasha questioned, as she walked over to her nephew and placing her hand on his forehead.  “Are you feeling alright?”
“Sure, boss, and brown cows give chocolate milk…”
“Guys…”
“You’re not funny, Tony… I know I think he really likes you…”
Thank you to everyone who has given kudos, wrote reviews and done both kudos & reviews. I adore you!
“Should we be experimenting too, Tony?”
“I’m not even keeping count anymore… this happens every morning…”
He took a seat in the den.
“Oh no. I don’t like that look on your face, Tones— “
Pepper, Bruce, and Strange all look at each other.
This is—
Rogers watches the way the glass presses against shapely, wine-tinged lips. It’s so distracting that the super soldier nearly misses the way that Tony won’t look him in the eye. Had Stark received his package? Did he ever read the letter? God, Rogers had felt like such an idiot after sending it off but what else could he have done? They were newly on the run, hiding from Ross and his goons in whatever ramshackle building they could squat in for the night. Now with T’Challa’s help, they were much more established, much more organized.
Whiskey eyes narrowed in disbelief. Was he serious right now?
Stark’s voice nearly shouted as the other man’s hand goes around his cock and fuck, Tony knew he lost their little game. He pushed his hips back to meet Steve’s thrust and between that, and the big hand on him, the brunette was barreling toward the edge.
Rogers retaliated by stealing Tony’s OPEN sign from the front of the shop.
and they both hold their breath as Tony pushes the door open.
Zemo looks much grimmer for a moment, dark emotions flashing on his face for a brief moment before he makes a quiet clicking sound. “I lost everyone. And so will you.”
Tony blinks dumbly for a couple of seconds, “To get water. Morning’ to you too.” Steve didn’t seem exactly perturbed that Stark was here and Tony was still in his silk underwear so… “What uh, what happened last night?”
“I’ve got heat signatures.” Stark’s modulated voice warns.
“Fine, fine. Just— promise not to fly off tha’ handle on me.”
Tony Stark's getting ready for the shit show. He's not expecting to meet his match in snark.
Landing on the side of the bed with a small thud, the soldier sighed loudly, a lazy grin plastered to his face. Holy hell. War-torn hands rubbed over his face, wiping the small beads of sweat off his brow and the hair off his face in one sweep.
Stark goes back to the letter and his heart threatens to shatter all over again.
“My god, you’ve got it so bad.” Pepper huffed, a knowing smile on her face.
“So, you got assigned to the case, but he—“ Tony made a point of raking his eyes slowly over the other detective’s body, “he’s here on... consultation? And for what? A suicide case? Who even hired the prick anyway?”
Tony had done this song and dance so many times, he was sure he could sleepwalk down the red carpet and no one would even notice. Exit the car, smile, walk a few feet, stop, wave, let the cameras get a few good shots, continue on. Simple. Nothing out of the ordinary at this event, save for perhaps the usual tuxedos have been replaced with lots of dress uniforms.
“Who exactly are you?” She asked, eyes cutting over to Rogers. “Nick committed suicide. We don’t need the police here.”
The Iron Man forces his way through the heavy door, his helmet giving away to olive skin.
(which, normally, Tony would admit to enjoying Jazz and Big Band music, but this wasn’t the time to be rational!) in a tattoo shop but had the audacity to come down here and insult him.
Then again, stranger things have happened.
“Mm, you haven’t exactly done anything that merits me calling your name, darling.” Tony was panting softly as his hands finally got Steve’s shirt open and off his shoulders, his voice rough.
Yeah right. That was easy for Steve to say. Bucky doesn’t even really know who that is. He hasn’t had an authentic self in decades. But he smiled anyway and pressed a kiss to Steve’s pink lips in agreement. Best not to add anymore worries.
Tony just cooed softly at officer Wilson when he was asked to head in for questioning, plucking a snack package off the table in the foyer. He pressed the back of his hand to his forehead dramatically.
“Seriously, what kind of tattoo shop doesn’t play rock music? What is this, the 40s?”
All this time, he’d thought it was simply an accident.
“And possibly drunk,” Steve interjects.
Rhodes says top but I dunno, you weren't always that size.
Was he probably wasting his time? Absolutely. Rogers was probably displaying these in his shop or simply discarding them. Did it matter to Tony? No, absolutely not.
Surprise flashes over Rogers’ handsome features for a split second. “Then why
“You just what? Thought shit would be all, hunky dory and we could hold hands, and sing Kumbaya? Get a grip, Rogers. You made it perfectly clear where you wanted your place to be.”
Tony laughed easily and shook his head, handing the Captain his drink. “It is to me. I like a man in uniform.”
“You’re a fucking asshole.”
Tony resolutely looks away when the two soldiers turn to each other, some form of silent communication that Tony would have no chance at understanding.
Tony makes a mistake or at least he thinks he does.
They stared each other down for a good thirty seconds before Steve finally relented with a huff.
Then they both move at once.
Don’t ‘
Right. Back to work.
“I remember telling Stark about my mark but uh, I—“ there was something going on there. His memory felt fuzzy or jumbled, like losing the signal on an old television and when the signal finally came back, it was the memory of his most recent unfreezing. Why couldn’t he remember?
[Capsicle, 2:38 Am]
Rogers, on the other hand, was losing that battle. He’d already taken his coat off, thankful for the glowing coals and the heat of the fireplace nearby, rolling up his sleeves to get more comfortable. He couldn’t think otherwise. But from what Pepper and Bruce gave them — a party full of arguments, alibis for everyone, and contradicting beliefs of relationships — something was up.
Months went by like days after that night.
The brunette arched a brow. “You’re familiar with the name?”
As it were, Tony found out that night that Barnes was sporting Stark Tech beneath his uniform, a prosthetic that the genius had designed and created with his own hands, and that with the help the two had received from SI’s work with the VA, Barnes and Rogers had been able to finally open up their shop.
Pepper eyes him suspiciously but lets him off without more than a “Have a safe trip, Tony.”
Or some bullshit like that. Tony had stormed out on the call with the Council and Ross’ office before they could feed him anymore crap.
Tony. You’re drunk.
And well, that had been that. He and Bucky (seriously, what kind of name was that?) had said their goodbyes and Tony had gotten a front row seat to the ‘
birthday when no name had appeared. It was totally fine. Not a problem at all. He was much too busy to entertain anything longer than a one-night stand anyway.  A soulmate would mean commitment and time, and everyone knew that Tony Stark, Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist,
I hope y’all enjoy and thanks for sticking with it!
“Well, why don’t you find out for yourself?” He challenges, arms crossing over his broad chest.
He was obsessed with it. Rogers hardly slept or ate, hardly did anything at all that didn’t involve searching for clues or signs of the Winter Soldier’s next appearance. And despite Tony wanting to be there for him, wanting to show his support for his soulmate, he couldn’t do anything about the growing gap between them.
The brunette looks up at his surrogate father and gives him his best puppy eyes. “I’m just getting up to get a drink and a smoke, dad. I’m not going anywhere.”
Leave it to Steven Grant Rogers to keep up the banter.
“Bucky, it’s going to be okay. Tony came all the way here, didn’t he? He’s going to be willing to at least listen to you.” Steve reassured him for the billionth time.
Did he have a clue on how he was going to get there when he was wanted in basically every country around the globe? No, not really, but it didn’t matter either way. He would find a way around the problem, he always did.
Rhodes dropped a folded, floury piece of paper on the table by Tony’s latest project. The words were written in black ink, a fountain pen maybe.
“And here I was gonna treat you nice.” Tony groused. His voice was surprisingly steady, patient, but it was wearing thin. “Guess you could find out just what my mouth does later. You seem a little desperate to get to me. It happens.”
Tony swears he can hear the little smile twisting Rogers’ lips as the man scoffs on the other line.
“What? What are you looking at me for? I’m always well behaved.”
“I don’t know if the man is genius or an asshole. You definitely deserve it though. You better hope Pep decides to use the front door when she drops by today.”
“I can multitask, thanks.”
God, the Accords.
“Please Captain,” Zemo simpers, “The Soviets built this chamber to withstand the blast of UR-100 rockets.”
“I think we’re on first name basis, all things considered.”
A bark of laughter pops from Tony and he shrugs, sliding into the car with a coy look. “It all depends,
Woooo, this one was a doozy to write. It got out of hand.
Three nights after receiving the package curiosity high and everything else, especially low, the Iron Avenger finally gives in.
Bucky feels Steve’s large paw land on his shoulder and for a few seconds, he’s unsure of how to proceed. There’s tension radiating off of Tony as the mask of indifference slams back down.
The spy made a sound of disagreement but didn’t argue any further. “
So the hand Steve had on Tony’s shoulder shifted to his hair and fucking
Stark stands abruptly, nearly toppling his seat.
“Officer hot—what?” Steve scoffed, totally caught off guard. The six-foot-something man in front of him visibly tried to make himself smaller, probably out of instinct, leaning against the doorframe and fiddling with his midnight blue suspenders. So it was going to be
Translations:
Clearing his throat, the accented voice of the detective took on an apologetic tone while speaking around the cigarette. “I can assure you, we wouldn’t be doing this if it weren’t a necessity. I’d just like to weigh all the considerations before handing the case back over. I appreciate your cooperation.”
The two glared at one another. Fine. Tony wanted to be a brat? Sure. But Steve could play ball, too. “I will use my tie to shut you up,” he warned, running a thumb over Tony’s lower lip.
Steve’s face flashes with something too close to regret for Tony to handle before going back to its usual stubborn stoicism.
The mission wasn’t his usual gig. Tony wasn’t a spy or a special ops soldier or any of that. He was just a genius in a multimillion-dollar tin-can with a plucky attitude. This dude, Batroc or whatever the file said, was going to be difficult to track down. STRIKE (and Steve) had already tangoed with him once. Batroc was going to be smarter, sneakier, meaner, this go around. Not to mention, the man had escaped custody from a SHIELD (well, Hydra, he guesses) compound. Batroc was in the top few of Interpol’s most wanted, right after his old teammates. Tony yawns, swiping at tired eyes and tries to focus on the paper in front of him. Ugh, whatever, he could just have FRIDAY read him the debrief on the fly to Bordeaux. Now the real question was, did he want to arrive as Tony Stark, or try to sneak in as Iron Man? Fat chance Batroc wouldn’t catch his scent either way. Maybe he could even catch a little sleep on the flight there. No promises, though. No, no. It would just be easier if he dressed up and left in his suit, quicker too. Not that fighting in a multi-thousand-dollar Armani suit was his preference but, Government contracts and all. He should at the very least, update Rhodey to his surprise trip.
At least the detective's hot.
Suddenly a sinking feeling claws at his chest, “He’s not dead, is he?”
“You seem a little defensive.”
“What? What is it?”
Of course, things had to get interesting.
’ he’d said. Yeah, sure. More like he liked them out of uniform. Steve huffed out a disbelieving laugh. This fucking guy. Then again, there was no mistaking that challenge.
hardly notices the way that his legs spread invitingly.
“Hop to it, soldier. I’m sure you’re being expected back," Stark’s voice was low and smokey with desire. “Though I’m not entirely inclined to let you leave tonight.”
When Steve’s voice left his mouth, he didn’t expect it to be so tight.
“No, Buck. A, we’re both wanted pretty much across the globe right now and, B, Stark isn’t going to talk to us. Just—take my word on it.”
“It uh, popped up after Leipzig. And so did mine.”
Adjusting his tie as he stepped out of the car, Steve shivered in his tweed suit. God, it was the middle of January. Mind flashing to his cozy white sweater, he wondered if these were the kind of folks who expected him to be dressed to the T the whole time he was here. Blue eyes glanced over to the police detective assigned to the case — a good pal of his, Sam Wilson — while they walked to the entrance of what looked like a damn castle. A strawberry blonde opened the door (Pepper Potts, if he could remember from the short bios he was given on everyone) and they were ushered in.
“Do I actually need to borrow Wilson’s cuffs? If you really think you’re gonna try going anywhere, I can’t legally stop you. Not a cop and all,” Rogers shrugged.
Tony hates him. The Avenger rolls his eyes and sighs heavily. Fucking World Security Council. Fucking bullshit. “Well, what are you waiting for then? Give me the debrief, you’re wasting my time, I’ve got to get going, Toddy. This mission isn’t going to finish itself.” Oh yeah, there it was. Now
“Listen Tony,” the name still felt strange on his tongue, “I just wanted to apologize about— I know it doesn’t really mean anything but…”
The engineer practically stomped out of the room, Rogers following loosely behind him. He followed his former teammate up another flight of stairs where they stopped in front of what Steve assumed was Tony’s room. Steve wasn’t prepared for the other to round on him.
Since Siberia? But that was almost two years ago according to Steve and Shuri. That couldn’t be right. Why would he be away from Tony for so long? Well, cryo aside. “Since Siberia…? Tony’s my—
This had been a disaster.
Rogers sounds— resigned? Tired? Tony wasn’t sure.
Thankfully, T’Challa joins their little gathering almost immediately after and beckons Tony towards the palace. The Iron Avenger seems to relax and quickly follows after the King without a second glance towards the super soldier duo.
Good god, this was a total disaster. Why had these memories been scrubbed from his brain? Why couldn’t he remember what actually happened? Tony probably hates him. If not for his parents alone, then… Fuck.
Was Tony being absolutely ridiculous? Yes. Even he could admit to that. But Rhodey wasn’t there to talk him off this metaphorical ledge, and Rogers just—something about him made Tony’s skin itch.
Tony fumbles for words for a second before he knocks, a slightly pitched, “
From the moment the walking Smithsonian exhibit was up and about, they’d done nothing but fight and butt beads about every. Single. Thing. Literally anything. All it took was for the pair to walk into the same room together and bam! An argument of epic proportions was sure to break out.
“It is when I have my new upstairs neighbors griping about my music like they’re some kind of hundred-year-old assholes. It’s a tattoo parlor.”
Tony rolled his bottom lip between his teeth, laughing softly at the older man’s words. “Oh, I’m the one who had to ask, huh? Figures you would be too chicken
Things were mostly the same in the time that followed, save for a couple exceptions.
His memory is sharp and clear. He wasn’t getting those splitting migraines anymore and best of all? Those verbal trigger words were yesterday’s news.
Rogers slings his arm through the leather straps of his shield once more as he follows in second. “How many?”
“And you’re right. That is the only place I work. Well, sort of anyway. I sold a few pattens for some robotics work to buy myself this. The Beamer was my MIT graduation gift.” Stark chuckles and takes his turns sharply, loving the feel of the car sliding beneath his palms, the slight look of surprise from the older blonde.
Steve snorts and contemplates ignoring him but something about Tony thinking to reach out to him is enough to spur the blonde into action.
Click.
Leave it to Rogers to assume that Tony would just drop everything and run to him. Not that— ugh.
Steve laughs and shakes his head, much to Tony’s slight mortification. “Uh, no. You showed up here smellin’ like you’d just drank the entire bar and I convinced you to come to bed. Nothing funny happened.” Rogers really hopes Tony doesn’t think he’s that much of a jerk. He’d never take advantage of anyone like that.
The following week, Tony was in a rut and he didn’t know why he couldn’t stop thinking about Rogers thanking him at the gala.
“Hey, it’s all good. I’m just thankful for all the help from SI, y’all are really doing wonders for the program. Though I’m sure Tasha has already given you the scoop.” The soldier turned to Tony then, giving him a knowing look, and stuck out his hand. “Sam Wilson, Bucky’s told me
“I’m ‘finding out’.” The mechanic gestures. “You said you were still serious so… here I am.”
“Tony—”
“Uh, what?”
To his own horror, his mind supplied plenty of helpful ideas: You could always fuck the answers out. Jesus. Steve coughed, eyes widening in self-hatred. Why was he like this, huh? This is why he couldn’t have nice things.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Find. My parents both died in a car accident when I was young, about ten or eleven. Obie and Strange were friends of the family and took me in. Went to MIT at fifteen. Graduated at seventeen. I started my own small company at eighteen, Stark Industries. Mainly robotics, data, analysis. Stane wants me to dabble in weapons but—“ Tony shrugged and tapped the ashes into the little tray to his left.
What the fuck was he even here for again? Ugh. Too early. “Don’t worry, I haven’t died just yet.” Tony snarks and plops into the nearest unoccupied seat. He can feel all his teammates eyes on him but what else is new? He’s also pretty sure he’s still drunk from last night. God, what had he and platypus gotten up to? Tony thinks he hears someone who suspiciously sounds very much like Steve scoff but, he’s too far gone right now to actually give a crap. Ever since Sokovia and all that bad business with the team, Fury’s been holding these “team meetings” to try and hold them all together. They were a mess of crazy glue, Popsicle sticks and wet paper, as far as Tony was concerned but… they could have been a lot worse. For a minute there, Tony really thought that all of this, their hard work and the long hours he’d been putting into the team, to the Initiative, were for naught. After he’d learned what Barnes had done and the way that the team had literally come to blows—he really thought it was the end of the Avengers as a whole. Well… Bruce was still missing, and Thor was off on intergalactic adventures, or something, but the rest of them seemed to be holding on alright.
Thank you again, for reading if you're still here! Kudos and comments are always appreciated. You can also follow me on Twitter, same username, for updates and random SteveTony, BuckyTony and Stuckony and other nonsense.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Batroc was my assignment, originally. You really think we were just going to wait around for Ross to send you or Viz out?”
Stark really hates that he finds that cartoonish accent ridiculously hot. He turns with a sly grin, finally lighting the end of his cigarette and continues walking backwards as he catches the other man’s eye.
Tony could feel the blush spreading from his cheeks to the tips of his ears and he felt Rogers staring at him expectantly. Oh, right, he’d been standing there like an idiot.
can’t help him, then I what do you think I’m going to be able to do? I’ve got multiple PhDs, Rogers, but I’m not that kind of —
He definitely needed a drink now. Or maybe ten.
The only reason that Tony had flown out to speak with Rogers’ team at the RAFT, was the fact that the doctor who had been hired to speak to Barnes had been found dead in his hotel bathroom. Meaning this other guy had orchestrated a long play just to get close to the Winter Soldier. And despite the fact that Tony didn’t want to see him, didn’t want to speak to him after what happened in Germany and after what happened to Rhodey, the fact of the matter was, Tony still had Rogers pretty, curvy letters across his wrist and Rogers was possibly in danger.
Bucky and Sam both looked exasperated but amused. Pepper… well, it was a little harder to read her but it was somewhere between embarrassed and annoyed. Natasha was absolutely neutral, and it threw Tony off for sure. Still, the blonde beside him finally sat up properly and Tony hated that he noted the lack of warmth nearly immediately.
Right now, Tony was just questioning his own sanity. Stark had flown to Siberia. Stark had found the bunker, the vehicle parked out front. He’d made his way inside only to come face to face with the two Super Soldiers.
Rogers found his gaze and with a secretive, little shit-eating grin, he replied, “No.”  Immediately taking Tony back to the night the artist had shown up at his door. They stared at each other for longer than was probably considered appropriate before Tony rolled his eyes and forced his way into Steve’s space.
!” being called as he moves away from the door. They wait. Steve can hear the sound of a television playing somewhere just beyond the door. The shower was also on. Blue eyes meet amber for the first time as Rogers silently questions on what to do next. Stark huffs quietly and knocks again and when they again, receive no answer, the genius holds up his wrist to the lock, tapping some kind of sequence into his watch. The tumbler on the lock retracks with a muffled
Tony wasn’t sure, but he was almost certain that Rhodes was snickering somewhere behind him. Asshole. Why was Tony friends with him again?
Je suis désolé.” Steve says back, tone playful.
“Tones, don’t. We can toss that crap into the incinerator and keep mindin’ our own business. You don’t have to deal with him anymore.” Rhodey’s chocolate eyes were a mix of contempt and concern.
“You are absolutely out of your mind. The smart thing to do is to not encourage this behavior.”
Casually slipping off his suit jacket, Steve’s head lolled to the side. “So, how many times did you have to mow your dad’s lawn to get the fancy car? Or was it a sweet 16 gift? Some sort of bribe to stop spilling secrets about your aunt and uncle’s affair? Definitely had to be something. Can’t really picture you workin’ unless it’s in, y’know, the bedroom,” he snarked playfully.
Why are you—
He took his time pushing past Tony, not bothering to suck in his broad chest to avoid pressing the other against the frame. The genius couldn’t even be offended as the other practically smooshed him into the door.
“It was a suicide, wasn’t it?” Strange asked. “Is there evidence that suggests otherwise?”
This is it. He’d mulled it over and well, he didn’t really see the harm in indulging a little. Never did. Tony’s eyes are trained on Steve as he exits the bathroom. Is he nervous? No. Excited maybe… he doesn’t quite feel like delving into it too much. Before he knows it, he’s stalking his way back to bed, intent hopefully clear in his eyes.
The pregnant pause should be explanation enough.
Tony is…
They’re giving you an award and I’m not going to suffer being your stand in again. Plus… I think it’s about time you two meet her.” Pepper hummed as she smoothed down his collar.
he thought, fingers deftly plucking the cigarette from those cherry red lips of his to steal a drag of his own.
to look away. But he can’t. Not even as Howard’s voice says Barnes’ name. Not even as Barnes rears back and makes a bloody mess of his father’s face. It’s only when Maria’s voice cuts over the wet, thumping noises of impact, that Tony shuts his eyes.
“My story?” A bark of laughter slipped through Roger’s lips, his head shaking in disbelief. ‘What’s your story,’ said the rich kid under investigation for the death of his Granddad who wouldn’t even fuckin’ say why he didn’t go to the funeral.
Steve opened the door and he folded himself in, all too aware of how small the inside of the car was compared to a man of his stature. Small, but easily the most expensive he’d ever seen. Should he—you know what? No, he didn’t have to hold back. The prick could clearly take what he dealt out. Thick fingers slid the seatbelt into place, the small click drowned out by the revving engine.
“Wait, this is
Well lucky for Steve, Tony wasn’t a patient man.
Right. That must be Tony Stark.
He watches Rogers get a nervous look about him; Steve was obviously hiding something. Something that had to do with Tony, no doubt. What exactly was he missing from his memories? Had something happened?
“I just wanted to see how long it would take for you to ask.”
A single chestnut eyebrow shot up. “Does this have something to do with that unintelligible, half-growled voicemail your boyfriend left us yesterday?”
Bucky realized a little too late that the others had given them some space.
“Y-yeah, put him through.” Tony croaks. God was that his voice?
The sun is low on the horizon by the time he reaches the weathering, yet elegant, façade of Le Palais, allowing him to use the cover of darkness as he surveys the area. Everything seemed calm so far. Only thing was, there definitely wasn’t much in the ways of areas for him to watch the door. Across the street was what seemed like a vacant building, around that, other places of residence. He would most likely have to go inside to have a decent place to—
“Well, that sounds like a lot of paperwork.”
from the bond seemed to dim. It left Tony feeling empty in ways he didn’t know were possible. Rogers had chosen Barnes. Of course, he would; Barnes was his soulmate and his best friend. And Tony? Tony was just… Tony. Rogers had never been his from the beginning. Tony had been a convenient lay, a benefactor. It didn’t matter to the Captain one bit that his mark was branded into olive skin forever.
Rogers sighs heavily, suddenly looking much more exhausted than he had a few moments ago, before he straightens and steels himself as if he were stepping into enemy lines. “There was a— fight. After the airport.”
Tony snorted. “You’ve got me alone in my bedroom and you’re more interested in my tragic backstory than all the other, much funner uses for my mouth? What a boy scout.” He pulled a cigarette from the case in his pocket, leaning against a small work table in the corner of his room. He lit it and took a drag, waving his hand flippantly.
They were barely inches from one another, his head tilted downward to study the way the cold light from the window caught the gold flecks in Tony’s eyes.
soulmate, Stevie, he should be right here with us.”
. That had chipped at Tony’s heart, no matter what he told himself. And just like most things in Tony’s life, it only got worse.
Was he really doing this? Was he really going to drop everything and fly damn near halfway across the world to help the man who murdered his parents? Who stole his soulmate?
Their staring match lasted about ten seconds before Rogers
Stark is reaching for the bottle to refill Steve’s glass (he couldn’t get drunk, so it made sense to him) when suddenly his eyes go wide, and he pulls Rogers closer instead. “Don’t look. Batroc at four o’clock. FRIDAY has been scanning through their guest systems. Jules Benoit is the alias he’s going by. Eloise said he rented a room for a couple days, but he hasn’t been in since then.” Tony informs, referring to the concierge Rogers had met earlier. Steve’s so close their noses are nearly touching, his heart pounding a staccato rhythm against his sternum. Tony’s breath smells like the rich, red wine they’ve been sharing, and like cigarettes.
Those cornflower blues swam with worry and reluctance before the big blonde finally came and all but threw himself on the bed with a heavy sigh. God, serum or not, he would never change.
“It’s a g-good start,” the playboy grins, hands yanking on those ridiculous suspenders.
Tony’s rubbing his temples with his elbows against the table. Ugh, when was this stupid medicine going to kick in? He vaguely hears Rogers speaking to him, but he really would rather avoid that conversation. Although—Tony and Rhodey still had money on the table since Steve refused to answer him.
“Stark.
The Captain let his free hand wander and his lips roam, before Tony pulled him back in for another heated kiss. Tony was melting, and it was the way he was practically sticking to Steve’s skin that had him sighing into the other’s mouth. They were leaning further against the oak table, a mess of hands scrambling against the wood and on clothing and in hair. Bitten lips eventually parted from one another, sucking in air with heaving chests. Thin fingers snapped his suspenders against his chest. It sent a jolt through Steve, the heat going straight to his cock.
up at work.” Tony grinned innocently. Rhodes groaned loudly from somewhere to his left. Tony swore on Marie Curie that the corners of the other brunette man’s lips turned up in a grin.
“He’s not a doorbell, he’s my AI, as in Artificial Intelligence. Jeez, give him more credit than that,” Tony smirked. “So, Captain Rogers, can I get you anything to drink? Make yourself comfortable. I can give you a tour if you like,” Tony murmured, brushing past the blonde to pour himself two fingers of bourbon.
It was a tight fit, even with Tony being smaller than both of them and it was absolutely annoying. Tony learned quickly that the Captain was an expressive talker. The man’s large, tattooed hands gesticulated exaggeratedly as he spoke, coming close to knocking Tony’s glass over more than a few times. Rogers knocked knees with him below the table, which of course, caused Tony to retaliate in the same manner. They were all but pushing and shoving childishly until Natasha cleared her throat loudly, their other tablemates staring at them with mixed reactions.
Stark yet again found himself wondering why Rhodes was his best friend.
He can tell that Rogers is definitely losing his patience on the other side and good, let him get upset. Tony wants him to feel the same soul-crushing feeling he’s experiencing. Rogers had the ability to contact him this entire time and the only time he decides to reach out is when it involves Tony fixing his soulmate.
him as if he hadn’t been the one to walk away.
[Capsicle, 2:44 Am]
, that Tony would change his mind and open the door. It doesn’t happen, and after half an hour of standing here like an idiot, Steve finally turns to leave. This mission had been a bust in so many ways. He’d lost the only lead the team had on Batroc, they would have to go back to square one. He’d just made things worse with Tony. Well, if that was even possible. Rogers took the stairs, two at a time, pulling his phone free to call for a pickup.
"It is too late Mrs. Carter…" Tony bite the inside of his cheek as he turned his head, ignoring the sad look Peggy was sending him… it was too late… "Leave…" Tony gritted through his teeth, getting angry when Bucky and Peggy refused to move even after he ordered them. "Leave!" snapped Tony, taking the closest thing near him, which was the file that contains everything he managed to gather on Steven Rogers and throw it at them, ignoring the shocked look on Peggy and Bucky's face when the file hit the floor, exposing what was in it from the start.
None — around 3 p.m.
"Anthony… Carbonell..." Steve said looking at the picture with a sad look despite everything Steve had mixed feeling toward his Alpha, thanks to him Steve got the bundle of joy in his arms; but Steve, he couldn't think of the man who destroyed him easily as his son's father, so Steve split the Alpha into two people, unhealthy? Yes, crazy? Definitely, but that was the only way for Steve to be able to move on with his life. his Alpha was Anthony Carbonell, the kind and loving person, the person who loved him and Peter, who always talked about starting a life with Steve away from everything and everyone who wished them harm that was his Alpha not that Tony Stark, the egoistic playboy who goes through his dates like people go through their shoes, his Alpha was not that Merchant of Death who took pleasure in making missiles and guns that took people's lives, the Alpha who left him and Peter alone, no, his Alpha was that awkward dork who loved robots so much that he could talk hours about them with sparkling eyes.
"What about Petrus? Where was he?" Steven asked as he raised his hand, swiping a curl of hair that always made its way to James's forehead; his son has the most unruly hair, it took Steven ages just to brush it down. Just thinking about it getting longer, cause Steven nightmares.
Tony wrote the message in shaky hands always looking at the door fearing that Stane will come down any second now, after he punches the number he knew by heart and sends the message... he waited, and waited, and waited… after five minutes of nothing, Tony swallow and deleted the message, he tried to hold his tears as he put the phone down where he found it… so Stane was truthful… his parents and aunt Peggy... really did die…
With that Tony got out of the car, ignoring the people that were eyeing him and whispering to each other, going to the office and tries to open the door, finding it unlocked and peers inside, hoping to see someone, twisting his hands together when the place was seemingly empty. "Hello?" Tony called out as he entered the office and looked around the place in nervousness, hoping that he will find someone before he chickens out and runs away.
But no, Tony knew that his friends wouldn't be able to protect themselves when Howard will come knocking on their door, Tony knew that leaving this house will cause more harm than good not just to Morgan and himself, but to everyone surrounding them. One thing was sure though in all of this mess, and that is Tony really needs to search the history of this damn house and this damn town because Tony sure as hell didn't hear the story about the Rogers family's son getting killed in this damn lake.
"Only an uncultured fool will say something like that!" James huffed, his words causing Anton to lose it and laugh because he was sure that the queen said something like that to him a few days ago, Anton was glad to know that James could hold his own when it comes to it.
"No! Let go you heathen, no!" Steve choked out during laughter, trying desperately to slap Tony's hands away from the ticklish parts that only now he realize exist. Tony can proudly say that this was the first time Steve laughed at all, and it was because of him! Tony admits this was the first time he acted like this with Steve considering that he only acts like this with his family (Peggy, Rhodey, Pepper, Happy, and sometimes Bucky when he was in the mood) or his baby boy who loved having his attention all the time.
It made the pup pout and look around the room, holding into his toy and Shield tightly as he saw people surrounding the bed, he wanted his Papa… he looked around until his eyes fell on a woman with the same hair and eyes as his Papa, the woman was looking at him with teary eyes like she wanted to hug him but something was stopping her from doing that, she seemed familiar though like he saw her in someplace. "… 're you, grandma?" Peter asked remembering that he saw the woman's pictured in the paper his Mama has with him in the white room. That made the woman sob and nod her head furiously and wobble to the pup, hugging him tightly when the boy let go of the Shield, the pup didn't know what to do but he sniffs a little nuzzling the older woman who smelled like his Mama. "S-smell like Mama…" Peter said when the woman let go, which only made the woman sob at that.
"Because you are Iron Man…" Peter beamed as he said those words, and Tony, he felt like he was melting from the cuteness and the innocent look that Peter was sending him, the Omega could do nothing but chuckle happily at this words kissing Peter on his cheek while nodding his head.
It was a few seconds or hours later, Tony had stopped counting, that the Omega heard a snarl and a familiar voice shouting, which made him secure his grip on the sleeping pup and stand up just as the hug/scary/blond Alpha cross the corner, it took a few seconds of the Alpha stared at him with a strange look on his face then he rushed toward the Omega and the pup. "Mr. Stark." The Alpha said in a low voice full of worry, and Tony wonder if he could really explain what happened a few hours ago?
"So what are your ideas for the heat?" Peggy finally asked when everyone proceeded to the family room, Tony pursed his lips in thoughts, gazing at Peter who was drawing with no care in the world, deep in thought struggling to determine what he was going to do, Natasha though offered him a smug grin and asked in an innocent tone that was anything but.
His question caused the doctor to give him a soft smile, probably she already felt his tiredness and pain, and she knew that he was on his last nerve. "Of course, Mr. Rogers; in fact, little Peter is doing great! I even suspect that today or at least tomorrow his fever will break." The doctor gave him a reassuring smile that Steve didn't know what to do other than give her a dull smile, before turning around returning to Peter's room.
"Yeah, not since you moved away to DC, a few months after we last met." Tony stated, trying to smile even when he was feeling uncomfortable on the inside. "I was surprised when Steve told me you were one of his friends, I admit; you know you should visit us soon, I'm sure Peter will enjoy befriending Wanda and Pietro." Tony's lips twitched at that, already knowing that Wanda and Pietro will get well with Peter, the two of them were too much like Cooper and Lila, that Clint will have a heart attack when he sees them.
"Steve, huh…" Tony murmured to himself, what Betty told him playing in his mind over and over again, making him think and probably overthink things. Turning to Steve, Tony saw his husband slapping Bucky on the back of his head for scaring the children; it was only a second, but Steve glanced his way, giving Tony a gentle smile and a knowing look which made a smile twitch on Tony's face…
"I am a genius, billionaire, philanthropist, Captain; you can't beat me when everything special about you came out of a bottle." Tony said which made the Alpha look at the Omega with mouth opened with shock, which made the pup giggle and squirms out of his father's grasp to hide behind the Omega.
"It had been six years Tony, you deserve some happiness too." That made Tony goes quiet not knowing what to say, though he was saved from answering by the phone ringing.
"So then, talk!" Serpentine smiled sharply as she said these words, putting a few huge ice-cream tubs in front of Tony, part of Tony wanted to run away to the hills, ignoring the ice-cream that was no doubt poison with something, but Tony know if he ran away now, he will do nothing but anger the ghost who was floating in front of him with a chocolate ice-cream (With spiders sprinkled on top of it...Ewww!).
"Oh, I know! He said he was born on the 10th of January!" Peter grin hugging the bear tightly at the thought of giving it to his friend, ignoring the fact that his word froze Tony for a second, but the Omega just shook his head, he doesn't need to overthink things to add an additional heartbreak to the list, he doesn't need to jump into conclusions that will only break his heart.
"And then Papa took me to meet Harley! And you won't believe it, Tony, but Harley actually laughed at one of Papa's jokes! He never laughs, because he is always sad, but Papa, made him smile!" Peter jumped happily up and down, which made the Omega hum along with the babe, his fake smile widens a little, becoming a little genuine at the end.
"Why wouldn't I be dead?" Steve raised his eyebrow at Peggy an amused smile playing on his lips. "You are all dead after all." That made the room feel into awkward silence, though the only one who didn't seem to notice was Steve, as took Edith from the bedside table and inspect the AI, smiling happily when he saw that no harm had come to Edith, he wore the glasses and smile as he saw that the AI was rebooting.
The woman though only raised her eyebrow at him. "So he was talking about me…" She murmured to herself, and no, Tony defiantly didn't see the creepy smile taking over her face, or how her eyes sparkled creepily. "Tell you what normal; you really have the guts to shoo a witch, something that any other witch will curse you for." The woman grins darkly, and Tony was so sure her face will split in two with how wide she was grinning. "But you are interesting, I will give you that, as interesting as a chew toy." The woman walked until she was standing in front of him, her eyes glimmering with danger. "If you break his heart, I will rip yours and eat it, got it?" She snarled, causing a shiver of fear to go down Tony's spine, but he steeled himself and glared at the woman.
Pepper's hysterical yelling caused both Tony and Rhodey to turn toward the window fast, tensing as they readied themselves for the fight that will come. The only thing that greeted Tony and Rhodey was nothing; the window was open and the cold breeze was making the curtain blow around gently, but there was no one standing in the room near the window. "Pepper there is no one in here!" Rhodey called out after he took the walkie-talkie from Tony and went toward the window, looking outside just in case.
painted on it.
Sam sighs as he looked at the floor in thoughts; he blinks as he saw a small white card on the floor, he leans down to pick it up and his lips twitch down a little as he saw the name Tony Stark written in elegant handwriting. He looked up to see if the Omega was still around, but when he didn't see him anywhere he looked at the card and opened it.
That made everyone pauses and turns to gaze at each other with shock and wondering look; Thor took a step forward, his eyes were wide. "Does that mean the stone controls you no more, Ancient One?" Thor asked in a small hopeful voice, causing Steve to blink his eyes open and gaze at Thor with a confused look.
"Brother!" Thor cried out as he stood from his chair fast, sending his chair flying to the floor as he gazed at his 'Brother' with shocked eyes full of tears. "You are alive!" Thor took a shaky step toward his brother, and Tony stood up fast and hides Peter behind him, pushing him until Peter was hiding behind Bucky and Peggy.
Shaking; that was the only thing that Tony could do, just shake and try to hold his tears in, wondering since when did his life turn into a joke. Everything was going to be fine, or as fine as it can with his son being sick, but he was getting better, everything was going to be fine. That was until Hydra decided to throw a wrench in his life once more; they decided to middle in his life once more, and in the end, they hurt his beautiful Steve, his mate, his everything, who was fighting for his life in the operation room.
When Steve raises his head, his heart nearly stopped when he saw Bucky standing over him, gazing at him with a cold and calculating gaze, leaving Steve shivering in both fear and pain. Bucky though smiled a little as he crutched down, his left hand coming to caress Steve's bloody cheek, which only made the tears run down Steve's face faster and faster. "If you have accepted my offer, none of zis vould have happened, sveethearrrt." Bucky cooed leaving Steve shaking in his place when he saw the needle in Bucky's other hand; before Steve's vision turned black, the hair on his body stand on its end when he heard the familiar sound that torments him from the start…
It was some hours before dawn, the light of a waning moon filtering through the curtains-covered windows, painting the house in shades of black and grey. Something scrapes across the underside of the floorboards under the bed, sharp nails dragging along the hardwood. And Tony could only press his face to the pillow, trying to muffle any sound that might slip out of his mouth, and keeps still, tracking the sound as it moves across the floor, shaking as he waited for what will happen next.
She also taught him what she knows about the nine-realms of Yggdrasil, about Niflheim, the mist world, and its rivers and forests. Muspelheim, land of lava and death that Surtr was imprisoned in, and how Ragnarok will be upon them if he was freed. He learned about Asgard, home of the Gods, and how their supreme ruler 'Odin' lives there. Midgard, home of the humans whose lives were just a blink of an eye to every being in the universe, how they were so far behind in intelligence and technology like the other nine. Jotunheim, the home of the giants that nearly destroyed the realms with their wars that never seemed to end. Vanaheim, the land of sorcery and magic, and how Odin's wife and their queen Frigga was from that realm. Alfheim, the land of the light elves the beautiful angels as everyone in the nine calls them. Svartalfheim, the home of the dwarves. Helheim, the land of the dead.
Stane raised his head and start word-vomiting, he talked about his work with SI and how he used to sell weapons in the black markets without anyone knowing, how he hired some of Hydra's agents from time to time to do his bedding, he talked about Tony and the kidnapping, when Steve told him to go into details Stane froze in fear, but Steve's snarl made him talk, he talks about the torture and starvation, how Tony always fought and refused to submit, about him actually being able to break the bones and defeat a few of his minions, and nearly being able to escape a few times if they didn't act fast, he talked about Tony's one and only heat that happened four years ago, him falling pregnant, Stane using his voice, how the Omega stopped resisting Stane and slept with him willingly if it meant Stane will give him a little bit more food or some clothes for the baby, who was born in August. Stane talked so much that he didn't realize that Steve's face turns dark and hateful the longer he talked, he didn't feel the room temperature drop drastically and the scent of ice that always surrounded Steve sharpened.
Tony will admit that it was the first time that someone chased after him with so much interest and dedication, but still, Rogers was an Addams! He wasn't normal; he was… well, a witch or a mutant is the closest thing someone can describe an Addams as. They weren't normal; they weren't fully human, and they probably eat babies on holidays.
Tony hummed to himself as he looked at the type of cookie duos in his hands, thinking if he should go with chocolate or butter ones, only God knows that Pepper gets a little salty when she didn't see her cookie duos in his house, his depot of course went on hold because he heard the sound of his name being shouted and then something small slamming into his legs, latching into them which made Tony look down and nearly let the cookie duos fall from his hands… because here he was… Peter Rogers, latching into his legs with a happy grin on his face, showing the gaps he has between his teeth.
"Are you excited to be back home?" Steve asked, pulling Tony in his arms, holding him tightly, until Tony let out a huff at how tight the Alpha's hold was, but it didn't matter to Tony, for the Omega just snuggled into his Alpha's chest, nuzzling his neck and letting out a happy sigh.
"Can I touch you?" Steve asked just to be sure, and he can see the irritate in Tony's eyes at Steve, probably thinking that Steve doesn't want him, or something of that line, which Steve has his work cut for him to convince him otherwise.
"I already thought about the future! And that future contains my baby in it, I don't care about what the world would say about me, let them talk! If you can't accept my baby, then you better get out of my house!" screamed Tony, instincts messing with him so much, that the verbal threat of someone else hurting or taking his baby caused him to go mad, the thought of his father saying such a thing to him, made him mad! Especially when he knew that it was Obadiah who was putting those words into his father's mouth, he wonders when his father was going to wake up and see that bastard as whom he truly was, just a wolf in sheep's clothes.
"The heat is on, on the street
“So untrue, Omega,” the Captain’s wolf responded after taking yet another deep whiff of the genius’s enchanting fragrance.  “You’re in your sexually prime.”
“So very true…”
None of them had noticed the slight movement from the billionaire’s bed at first.
“Nat…?” The Captain questioned softly as he approached his friend, taking her outstretched hand.
He had smelt this tantalizing aroma once before only briefly in faint notes.
“All’s forgiven, my friend.”
“Thanks.”
Out of nowhere, Tony moaned softly, causing a jolt of arousal to his nether regions, as well as to the person watching him.
“Whoever went after them is dead,” Natasha stated honestly.  “Mark my words:  my hands will be involved in taking care of the asshole that did this.”
“Something… yeah, sure.”
“You…are…mates…”
“But –”
“Well, don’t fucking do that. Like I need a needless death on my conscience…”
’ coming…”
It had been three weeks, since he & Steve found themselves alone in the Tower’s kitchen…
“You’re welcome, Captain.  I hope I don’t have to see anyone of you in my O.R. anytime soon.” The woman responded back.
“So…” the philanthropist started up.  “You gonna leave me too?”
“Wow, I should not have called you that. What kind of asshole am I? I know what you are, you know what you are. I know what I am, and by now, you know what I am. But, I had no reason to say that to you. And, I should really shut up now.  Boy, look at the time! Damn, I have a thing to go to, so I gotta go…”
Love ya lots!
“I’ll stay…” Clint muttered, making his way over to the assassin.  “Can’t leave you hangin’, sis.”
“Slowly?”
“I can’t believe he’s here…” She stated aloud.
Standing feet in front of them was the billionaire in question, dressed in a red & black 3D-gradient print tracksuit with a pair of black Nike™ Epic React 2 Flyknit running shoes.
Heads up:  school starts Monday, so my updates may be slower coming in. Please bear with me on this! I will post as soon as I am able!
Tony winked at his dearest friend and chuckled, before taking a drink of his freshly-made coffee, “Natasha, you dog you…”
“Hey, young man!  ‘
“So sorry, Boss…” Happy responded, defeated by his lack of common sense.  “Sorry, Captain…”
“And, why’s that, kiddo?”
Hello, there!
“I haven’t heard you talk about him in a while… sorry, if it’s too hard to.”
Tony replayed the events over and over, wondering if he’d done the right thing by letting Steve leave.
The water! Oh, shit! The water!
Neither man wanted to start a conversation that would start an argument.
“I could be your personal masseur, if you would like, Tony…”
Suddenly, out of nowhere, there was a light in front of his eyes, too bright for his eyes to focus on.
“She’s even up at 5?! She’s crazy…”
“Morning, Pete…” Tony stated lightly, as he looked up from the morning paper on his StarkPad.  “Sleep well?”
“Thank you, sir. Now, Mr. Hogan has been waiting for you both downstairs, and you know how he gets when he’s been waiting for a while.”
“Cap, please don’t make me…”
Back in Peter’s room, and rather suddenly as protocol dictated…
Yes, he lived.
“After all that happened today?”
“Gawd! Why do you have to be so fucking difficult all the goddamned time?!  I came up here to talk you in peace, and now, look at us.  Look at us, Tony!  We’re fighting!  How are we supposed to have a relationship, when it starts off like this?”
Natasha sidled up next to the American Hero and murmured, “Nice save…” before moving into the kitchen for something else to drink.
“‘Sleeper Hold’?” The army officer pulled himself away from the omega’s neck suddenly like he had been shocked by electricity, allowing some sense to return to his brain. “Tony, what is that?”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!  Hold on here!  True mate?”
That simple sentiment made the billionaire blush, embarrassing him enough that he dunked his head underwater.
“Why Tony?”
At least, she hoped he would be.
“Tony?” The captain questioned a little louder.
“Tony, stop…” Steve spoke lightly.  “You’re okay… its okay…”
“Sir, would you like me to hold all of your calls whilst you speak with Captain Rogers?” Jarvis spoke up softly.
“Somewhat cathartic…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony moved closer to Steve again, pulling his muscular arm into his chest and holding it close.  Slowly, he started kissing & licking up down and around the ‘older’ man’s scent gland to see what the response would be.
By this time, Tony and Steve had made their way out of the bedroom and into the kitchen area.  Steve was sitting on one of the island stools as Tony was busily making coffee for the both of them.
“You, Tony Stark,” the therapist began to chuckle in disbelief.  “You don’t know what you want out of a relationship with someone? That seems very odd to me.  You’ve been so forthright with everything else in your life, so why now? What has changed?  What’s different?”
“And, how would you know that?” Sam asked annoyed by the philanthropist’s attitude.
Tony sat there in silent astonishment.
That’s when the billionaire did a spit-take, spraying jet black Ethiopian coffee across the island, almost hitting Steve.
“Initiate ‘Woke-Up’ Protocol, F.R.I.” The billionaire responded to the A.I.
As Steve left the room, Tony quickly followed after, seeing the older, younger man find his way into the kitchen busying himself with making something to eat.
And, as he left, Steve’s hand grazed Tony’s own bare hand, sending chills and sparks throughout the billionaire’s body.
“You know what…”
“Captain Rogers…” the blonde retorted, shaking his hand strongly.  “You have a strong hand. I knew this about you…”
“You’re small-talking with me right now, Cap. I think you’re doing a great job.  Points for you...”
He was drowning!  He drowned!
“Steve, he’s not going to be able to respond…” Pepper mentioned.
“Don’t call me ‘sir’, Tony; you know I hate that... and, no, you aren’t dying…”
“Who cares?”
“Ugh, you don’t understand! You guys don’t get it!”
But, that didn’t happen.
“Tony, don’t give in to him.” Steve warned.  “He can’t leave the building and you know that.”
“He’s not a medical doctor, but he might be able to research it…”
“S.H.I.E.L.D’s’ still investigating, Tony,” a tall, dark-haired, slender woman stepped into the conversation.  Maria Hill was an associate of Fury’s at S.H.I.E.L.D., and was probably as close to the team leader as Phil Coulson was.  “I am personally going to see to it that the person or persons involved in this will come to justice or will die for their crimes.  Nick was more than a mentor to us all; he was like a father to me…”
“He’s an Omega, Sam, and he doesn’t have any sexual feelings for me. He’s like my older brother… super protective of me, as I am of him…”
“Well, I was going to make carbonara for dinner, but I might need someone with your expertise to help me…”
“In this circumstance?  I don’t really need a mother…”
“Let me know how it tastes.” Steve responded.
“Its okay, Harold,” Steve answered back.  “I’m protective of Tony as well.  Just don’t let that happen again.”
“But, it’s someone else. Someone who I can’t keep telling myself that I could’ve saved. Someone who would have been my partner ‘til the end of the line’…”
He didn’t want to find out.
“But, he could’ve just left the kitchen and stayed around us though…”
“Same, Cap…” Stark replied, taking his hand back from the ‘older’ man.  “Same. You need a drink. I need a drink…”
“So, other than a dinner date, what would you like me to do?” the billionaire wondered softly.
Nat attached the AED pads to Tony’s chest and plugged in the connector to the main unit, before answering, “No time, Steve… now, stand clear…”
“Omega… Need you…”
But, Steve was the reason, the catalyst, to all of this.
“‘You want answers?’”
“We have a protocol for that now?” Bucky questioned to his best friend, as he checked the bacon cooking in the oven.
Russian phrases:
“And, when did I suddenly need that, Cap?”
Tony looked deep into Steve’s sky blue eyes to see how sincere he was about it.
“I’m sorry, too, pal.”
At night, they would come back to the Tower, finding their way to each other’s floors. At first, it was only to debrief.
“A new memory?  God, I hope not.”
“But, you put your body in front of mine to protect me. That’s something.”
“You’re not seeing the correlation, are you, Mr. Stark?  When you were with women, you were very manic. Now that you’re with Captain Rogers, you seem to have settled down of sorts. I’m beginning to understand more & more why you had your pool incident…”
Tony scurried around the island swiftly with Steve on his heels.  He turned the sink on ‘cold’ and grabbed the sink sprayer.  He pointed it at the Captain, who stopped dead in his tracks.
“Yeah…” the Army officer responded back just as loud.  “I’m in the second bedroom…”
“Jeez, guys!” Happy declared, shocked by their appearance.  “I’ve been out here forever!  That sleazy security guard was giving me the stink-eye! Where-the-hell you been?”
“Goodnight, Tony… it was good to see you again. I hope it won’t be the last time.”
“A tingly sensation?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Captain Rogers, there is an AED in the pool closet nearby…” the AI responded.
“But, Mr. Stark, your previous significant others have all been women, and Captain Rogers is very much male and very much an Alpha…”
(See the end of the chapter for
-- One Pot Carbonara ( https://youtu.be/VE-OOeJqiQE )
When they slowly released each other from their lip lock, they turned to see an annoyed security guard standing before them, tapping his foot impatiently, as he stated “Gentlemen, other people need to use this elevator, and they don’t need your scents clinging to their skin and clothing.  Please exit now!”
“Like always?  Exactly where are they in Central Park?”
“Only somewhat?”
Ooh la la, Steve is ticking some of Tony's relationship boxes!
Hi, everyone!
This man was most definitely a keeper.
And yes, if you did or didn't know:  in my chapter summary, those were the opening lyrics to the song, "The Heat is On" written by Harold Faltermeyer and Keith Forsey, and sung by the amazing (R.I.P.) Glenn Frey.
’, not ‘
“Need your scent...”
“Yes, sir?” The A.I. responded promptly.
This chapter has no song lyrics, because I couldn't find the perfect song for it.  And, this chapter is basically a filler to move things along.
“Peter Benjamin Parker Stark-Rogers!” She roared with a deep Irish lilt.
(I know I am deviating from my normal pre-1970s song choices with this chapter, but I felt it worked for this chapter).
“He’s stable, Mr. Stark,” the physician responded back.  “We managed to remove all of the bullets and shrapnel from Airman Wilson’s chest, arms, legs and back.  We stabilized his broken leg and three broken ribs, and he is currently on a morphine drip for the pain, which is causing him to sleep.  I would suggest you all let him be for now to get settled in his room, but knowing you guys, you’ll be up there in ten seconds.”
“Tony, come on… be honest with everyone.” Bruce stated.  “Even I know you’re an Omega…”
“What do you mean, ‘
Let me know!
All the while still talking to Steve.
Hope you like where this is going!
“Cap, what are you doing to me?” The billionaire sighed softly, letting the blonde’s heat continue to circulate around him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey, you…” The billionaire stated, before entering the room and sitting down on the bed next to the alpha.
“How dare you ruin my trust?!  Goddamnit, Bruce!  I should’ve been the one to tell everyone what I was!”
The trip up to Tony’s floor in the Tower was done in utter silence.
“No, Pepper, I am not ‘
“What do you mean, ‘can’t stay longer’?  You just got here...” Tony responded back.  “You haven’t even had time to make any excuses to leave. If anything, that’s my M.O., so what gives? Something someone else did?  Something I did?  Because honestly, I wouldn’t doubt my idiocy in these moments…”
He knew the only person that could be observing him was Steve.  (Jarvis would have let him know that the Captain had left the floor).
The billionaire murmured something unintelligible, as he drifted slowly into the land of the living.
--C.E.C.
“Omega…” the Captain sounded, approaching nearer.
Suddenly, Steve’s cell phone rang.
After that, the two men walked into the living room, continuing to talk about everything.  Tony had sat on the couch, as Steve moved over to his stereo stand, where his record player was sitting.  He picks a record out of the bookcase nearby, places the vinyl circle on the turntable, and sets the needle down on it.  Softly, the dulcet tones of piano, drums, bass, trumpet, trombone, saxophone and clarinet filled the room.  A jazzy melody danced out of all of the instruments in a beautiful moment of musical excellence.
