“Oh okay, then I guess I’ll just hang out with Jess, help her figure out what color she’s painting the nursery, maybe convince her to give it a classic car theme. If I want to be the favorite uncle I gotta get a head start.”
“Really Gabe that’s what you got for me? Well you already know that third one is more your style than mine, and I refuse to mate anyone that mom and dad approve of, they’re still in denial that I like guys.” Cas realized as he was giving reasons for each of his brothers’ suggestions, he’d really only left himself with two options, step up or step out of the way. Both were equally intimidating for different reasons.
“Sure this is about me and my heart, are you sure it's not just a way for you to spend more time with Sam? Maybe spoil the alpha rotten so that he looks at no one but you when he decides its time to settle down?” Castiels eyebrows lifted in a curious manner at his brother who was undoubtedly blushing. Unknown to Castiel this most recent batch of brownies was meant for none other than Sam Winchester who inadvertently had admitted to a new admiration for the raspberry and its versatility.
“Claire leave daddy alone! You gotta eat your breakfast! Uncle Sam will be here to pick us up soon.” Aiden’s voice echoed out of the kitchen where he was putting a sandwich into her backpack.
“Oh so you got the papers, I wasn’t sure if they would find you, where ever you are.” Sam was clearly more awake, most likely having resigned himself to being up for the day.
Dean started glancing back and forth between his bedroom door and Gabriel; his scent gave him away. “Dean-o, tell me she isn’t still here… this is way past the time for a walk of shame.”
“Whatever Cassie. So you plan on going home soon or are you hiding out here all weekend? You know how your dream man gets when you disappear for too long.” Gabriel was cleaning up the mess he made instead of peering over at his brother. There was definitely some strong desire between Castiel and Dean, except they seemed to be the only ones not to know it. Anyone who spent time around them could see that they were both pining for each other, both too afraid to do anything about it. Gabe wanted to push, but the last time he pushed Cas into a relationship the chick turned out to be a nutcase who tried to kill his brother….
“That’s how you train a pet Charlie, not a person.” Sam shook his head but looked back at the monitor. Both men looked happy, Castiel wasn’t vibrating with nerves, if he didn’t know better, they’d look like two friends sitting and enjoying a snack. Just maybe he should lighten up on Gabriel and Charlie.
“She invited me to Mexico for spring break. However, I politely declined. I’m not sure why she asked me, she has plenty of friends going.” Castiel explained the conversation. “Oh Cas, you are so adorably oblivious. She has had a crush on you since freshman year. But you have only had eyes for one person.” What Charlie was insinuating meant that the conversation they just had was intended for a romantic getaway, starting of a relationship of sorts. Castiel knew he was always a little socially awkward, but he apparently had missed that whole situation altogether.
Rant completed Castiel turned and stalked back to his room slamming his door. Dean stood there unmoving in shock, Castiel yelled at him. Not only did he yell
She was however disheartened to find that the last room had just been reserved for an incoming patient who was considered high risk. When her buddy who worked the front desk asked for his name so they could put Cas down at the top of the waiting list there was a pause.
“yea, its been three days, everybody has come to visit you. I’m sure Sam and Charlie will be back later to drag me away to get food now that you’ve opened your eyes. Jeeze Cas…” Dean let out a breath he’d been holding since Cas had been admitted. His eyes focused on a spot on the wall as the story continued. “I came back to apologize for being a class A jerk and storming out like some drama queen and there you were, just laid out on the stairs. It didn’t even look like you were breathing. I held it together long enough to call 911, I apparently called Sam at some point cause he showed up when the ambulance did.” Cas tried to focus on the words of his husband instead of the broken man that held his hand.
“What? Ugh… Sammy? I can take you guys to school buddy, just give daddy a second.” Dean sat up and looked around trying to get his bearings. It was entirely too bright but it's not like the sun cared for his opinion.
Castiel sighed and wiped a hand down his face. “Alright, so I had a small number of schools that I’d gotten a scholarship to and a shorter list of those that my parents deemed acceptable.” Castiel took a deep breath and looked over at Dean. “I chose the school I did because I didn’t want to leave behind my friends.” Castiel looked over at Dean. He was blushing and Dean seemed to be doing the same.
“Umm…it was Dean. I escaped mom to play outside instead of helping with unpacking boxes. All I had was my chalk, so I sat on the sidewalk trying to draw a superhero I’d made up when Dean walked over and informed me that
“Nothing, I was adopted so young, I barely remember their faces. I know what you’re getting at Sam and it’s a waste of your time. From what I’ve been told there was some tragic accident that I survived and my parents didn’t.” Cas wouldn’t turn to look Sam in the eye, he just wanted to get back to his room and wait for the highlight of his day when his husband would come and spend time with him.
Deans week unlike Castiel had started deep in a valley, the reality of his family situation had been pushed into his face by Missouri. She pointed out how he was so focused on his own issues that the problems of the rest of the family had long gone ignored allowing the problems to fester. She didn’t lay all of the problems at his feet, she merely laid out the facts.
“Cas!! You’re early! I figured I had a little more time. I wanted to have everything set up before you got back. Why don’t you go change and I’ll plate everything up.”
Sam headed straight for Castiel. He knew this session would weight heavily on the man as to whether or not he’d made the right decision. At the bare minimum, Sam knew he could put him at ease, at best, he could give Castiel one more solid reason to fight his way back to his family.
“And Cassie dearest it’s your turn. Your turn for truth. Cassie, how  did you decide what college you were going to?”
Having to start work as soon as possible meant he had to put the children in a summer camp right after they arrived. Luckily he found one that was closer to Sams’ place, meaning it made more sense for Sam to pick up the children in the evenings. He was lucky there were still spots open. It was an arts camp and a STEM camp run right next to each other that shared a cafeteria meaning siblings in different schools could still see each other during the day.
“Let’s give him a hand!!!” …. So this is what she was up to...” Dean walked up to the stage like he was walking to his own execution.
“Whatever, how are we going to pay Cas back for this, cause we are way out of our league here.” Dean turned around only to realize he’d been left alone and was talking to no one. He sat on the edge of the bed and slowly sank backward. Memory foam. Dean was in love.
Other times he was last because the kids needed to get settled and back into their routines, but this time he was last because he didn’t want to deal with the trip down memory lane. The picture of him and Dean from their honeymoon, the dried rose encased in glass that Dean got him for Valentines Day, the collection of flannels he’d taken from Dean over the years because somehow his were always so much softer.
Dean knew it would take Sam a while to check everything, so why should she stand taped to a spot. He himself slowly walked down the rows of shelves, let his gaze wander over everything and realized that he knew nothing about it. World of Warcraft, Assassins Creed, Halo... all of these were names he didn't really know what to do with. He heard Charlie squealing with joy behind him and when he looked around he saw her holding something what looked like an oversized deformed yellow hamster in front of Cas face.
“It's beautiful.” Cas voice was shaking and when he slowly stepped towards the piano Dean could see the wet shimmer in the angels eyes.
"Are we finished?" Dean looked at the pile of brittling technology that stood before him on the table, framed by a pentagram painted on the tabletop. The smell of burnt plastic and rubber hung in the air. Holy water dripped from the edge of the screen and mixed with the salt crystals Sam had thrown on the device.
"Cas, ... what ... are you doing?" The elder Winchester hated surprises, and especially those in which he was tied up on a bed, blind and hardly unable to move.
"There haven't been any people here for hours ... how long can this thing run before it shuts down."
He started to flip through the magazine again, but I knew that he wasn't interested in the articels or even reading what was written there.
"I will let you go, if I believe that it is time to let you go," he whispered softly now, and narrowed his eyes dangerously. Slowly, he walked around the bed, his fingers slid over the black bedstead. Beside the bed he came to a stop and sat down on the edge of the mattress. His blue eyes looked at Dean bluntly and the candlelight painted little sparks in his pupils. The soft smell of an aftershave swirled around Deans nose, when Cas slightly bowed to him.
"Yes, Dean, take me, please, harder," Cas gasped. His grace had retreated. Only a single tentacle crawled again over the angel's body, wandering down and enveloping Castiel's erection. Dean increased speed and lost consideration. Cas wanted it harder, and Dean wouldn't deny him that. He would make Cas scream that Sam would have to put a pillow over his ears in his room. Dean reached out and grabbed the blue tie that was still hanging around Castiel's neck and pulled the angel towards him. Cas's legs slipped down and Dean slipped out of Cas.
“Dean, please...”, he begged, rocking against the hunters hips. Feral sounds of pleasure escaping his mouth. Cas was Deans and this deep wild groan that was hidden somewhere in this gentle angel only existing for Dean to hear, intoxicated him like nothing else.
“You're so hot, so tight and so god damn ready for my cock”; Dean whispered husky. He pushed a few times inside, adding a second finger and curled them to stretch his angel for him.
Cas lay before him in all its glory. Grace had wound itself like a snake around his erected shaft, contracting slowly and evenly. Drops of pleasure poured out, dripping in long streaks onto Cas' stomach. Cas began to writhe under the caresses. His hands had grasped the trench coat that was still underneath him and whenever his grace ran over his glans or softly tinkled at the small slit, his fingers clawed into the fabric. Dean let his gaze wander over Castiel's body, up his strong thighs to the prominent hip bones and his belly, under whose skin his muscles stood out. Thousands of thoughts flashed through Dean's mind as he stood beside the table and slowly unzipped his own pants. His cock acknowledged the release from the narrow jeans dungeon with a grateful leap. Slowly Cas began to move his pelvis, raising and lowering it slightly in time with the grace that had closed tighter around his shaft.
Dean pushed his hands nervously into the backpockets of his jeans. His gaze wandered from the angel to the door at the end of the hallway and back.
“We're going to cut today's session short. It has been very enlightening Castiel. Please allow the nurse to escort you back to your room, they will bring your lunch and dinner to you.” Castiel barely nodded before a large man appeared and swept him up in his arms as If he weighed no more than the air.
After they were seated and the waiter brought their drinks Sam looked like he was going to vibrate out of his seat with information. “Ok Cas, let me put you out of your misery, I can see that you won't enjoy this meal if I wait until the end. First, let me tell you that you tested negative for all the big bads. No cancers, no Ebola, no pneumonia. So you can breathe. This isn’t a final meal or something.”
“Are they seriously not getting it yet?” Sam was for lack of a better term, flabbergasted, at how oblivious the two men were.
As rough as some of his first sessions with Missouri had been, the one scheduled for this coming week, the one where the kids were supposed to be included, scared the crap out of him. Dean had no clue what the kids might say about him. Partially because they never really talked to him about things like that. He was always the fun dad, mostly because he spent a lot of time gone but it was true. He would come home, take them on adventures either in their own backyard or out somewhere they’ve wanted to go. Make them laugh and by the time the excitement of it all was wearing down, it would be time to leave on a new assignment. This whole 24-hour parenting thing was still new to him, regardless of the amount of time he’d been doing it. Even then he still had Sam to rely on, so it wasn’t like he was completely doing it on his own anyway.
“Would you like to come in? Maybe share one of these treats with me? I bought more dark chocolate hot cocoa and I restocked your supply of Ring Pops.” Sam stepped to the side holding his arm out ready to escort Gabriel inside.
“Whoa, whoa, slow down Sammy. Let’s start at the beginning, who do we need to help and why do they need saving? If I’m going to risk getting in massive amounts of trouble…which is most likely the case if you’re practically begging for my help, I want to know it's gonna be worth it.”
Dean sat down on the couch with his head held in his hands. He kept telling himself he had to get over Cas, he didn’t deserve him. Hell, he literally just slept with Lisa. There was no way Cas would want someone like him anyway, Cas was proper, all about business and highly successful. Three things Dean was not.
Gabe took his time relaying what happened as far as he knew and what information had been told to him by Sam. He didn’t know much but from what he could tell, Lisa reappearing meant trouble.
“Hey Red” Dean Sauntered through the door with a box of donuts and a large carrier for specialty coffee. “I decided the shop could use something different today, so I give you …..cronuts!!” Dean flipped open the box with pride.
Sam was sure that after a few dates Gabriel would get tired of someone so much younger and move on. But Gabriel is sticking around, and Sam is somewhat surprised to find that he doesn’t mind at all. Something about the way Gabriel notices and does the little things makes his alpha rumble with joy. He never saw himself as a traditional mate but just the idea of coming home from work to find Gabriel mixing new sugary confections in the kitchen just does something to him.
“Huh? Oh, I’m sorry Dean I was lost in my thoughts for a moment there, what were you saying?” Cas looked up realizing Deans hand was waving in his face.
“Hey Dean, I know the break is coming up, and we usually spend it together but….there's this girl.” Dean took in the fidgeting and the way Sam bounced on his feet. There wasn’t much Dean could do without trying, but spotting when his younger brother lied to him…he could do that in his sleep. “Yea Sammy, go ahead and woo your girl. Don’t worry about me, I’ll pick up some extra hours working at the shop or pick up a temp gig for the week.” Dean didn’t know where this was going, but he’d let Sammy have his secret, for now anyway.
“Dean? What….what am I doing here?” His voice still raspy from intubation. Almost immediately he was cocooned in Deans arms. “Don’t you ever do anything like that again angel.” Dean kissed Cas on the forehead and peppered any part of his face he could find with kisses.
“I’m working on my thesis. I’d appreciate it if you left me alone.” Cas glanced up over the edge of the laptop just long enough to make sure Dean was witness to the soul burning glare then returned to his work.
“Dean come to the lobby” the speaker in the garage squeals with Charlie’s voice. It's not often that he gets paged to the front must be something important. He put away the tools he was working with and grabbed an oil rag in an attempt to clean at least some of the mess off of his hands.
“What a noble decision for an alpha such as yourself Castiel, however, could a young student such as myself, repay you for such a selfless act? Maybe dinner, tonight, at my place?” Cas couldn’t help but notice as the blush crept up her cheeks. Hannah was a sweet beta girl that he’s known had a crush on him since their freshman year, she was pleasing to the eye but just not what his inner alpha desired. Her scent was all wrong, too much sweet apple, no spice, and some lavender which managed to turn his nose.
Gabe answered his cell the same way every time, Charlie wondered if business calls got the same treatment.
They were both too scared for what it might mean. Dean was afraid Cas would think he was taking advantage of him and Cas was afraid that he was actually starting to want the company of an alpha. Not just any alpha, he wanted Dean.
When Dr. Barnes said that they would be going through the different steps to aid in his recovery, he didn’t think that she meant they would go through ALL of them at EVERY session. The first time she had him go through the steps, he figured it was so he knew what was expected of him at each stage in his recovery or his ‘rebirth’ as she liked to call it. Nope, this was an every session thing. It made him think of Dean talking about those
Castiel is familiar with solitude, he’s been alone in one way or another for his entire life, or at least that’s how it’s always felt.  The only son in a house full of women, his dad, for most of his youth was a ghost in the house, he knew he was there, but never actually interacting with the one son he had.
“Cas!! I’m back I hope you’re still craving these Cheetos, cause if I have to eat them all by myself then I blame you for getting me fat.” Dean was in the kitchen unpacking the bags when he noticed the house was quiet. Any other time he came back in Cas would slowly make his way to Dean for a quick hug and kiss.
Part of Castiel worried that Dean would pick the extension over the marriage, not taking his threat seriously. Another part worried Dean would take the extension because he didn’t care. All of his insecurities were coming back, it had been years since they were so prominent in his life. It was Dean that had convinced him they were nonsense but were they?
Sam stood there for a moment and contemplated his options. If these two could just get some time together away from it all, things inevitably would fall into place.
“Charlie, I was unaware that this was a social event.” Castiel strolled in from the parking lot towards the booth she was occupying. Castiel sat with his back to the doorstep one was complete.
“Todays the day little alpha, I’ve got a final project and you’ve got a phone call to make so that you can make an honest man out of me.
Dean made a stop to pick up a sunflower for Cas, it couldn’t hurt to apologize with flowers.  The drive back to the house seemed way longer than he remembered, guess it takes longer when you’re not speeding. Dean parked in the driveway and could see the glowing light from the TV through the window. Charlie was right, Cas was waiting for him.
“We both know that’s not exactly true Castiel.” Charlie pulled out her own sketchpad and charcoal pencils. Their time was always spent embracing their artistic sides, not always deep in conversation but peaceful coexistence.
“What? Its called positive reinforcement Sam, I learned about it in my psych class. “ Charlie shrugged and snacked on her own fries.
“I messed up Gabe, we were eating and I couldn’t control myself.” Cas broke the silence and only shared this small bit of the story. “So what did you end up jumping him or something?” Gabriel needed all the information, he knew how his brother had a tendency to take total responsibility for things that weren’t his fault.
This was going to be a slight problem for Dean. Lately, he hadn’t been the best at keeping his more adult dreams under control. Recently he has been having very sultry and down-right pornographic dreams or should we say fantasies, about Cas ever since he went all righteous fury and yelled at him. There was just something about seeing him that way that did things to Dean that he….
When he stepped out of the shower, he dressed and headed straight for the kitchen, on a typical day he was grumpy without his coffee today he was sure he was downright terrifying. Brewing a pot of coffee already thinking about the second pot he would make, Cas began to think up ways to make it up to his best friend.
“You know Cas I just love it when you get all bossy like that. I’m  in desperate need of a shower, why don’t you come join me?” Dean was starting to grind against his ass and grip his hips in all the right ways but Castiel just wasn’t having it.
“Hey sweetheart” Dean ran his fingers through Cas hair to gently wake him from his nap. As Cas opened his eyes he grinned as he was being greeted by his two favorite things Dean and food from the roadhouse.
“Cas you act like I could leave you for even a second right now. I’m not going anywhere, angel.” Dean pulled the small couch next to Cas bed and laid out getting comfortable for the night.
Charlie sat back from her computer giving Gabriel her full attention. “Dude, I said I got it all set. The camera is there, TVs all set. Talked to my LARP group and they’re ready. We just gotta get them there. Don’t worry, this
Would a divorce really solve his problem? His problem was that he was lonely. He missed his husband, he was tired of being a consolation prize.
Castiel believed it was more to keep them from driving a teacher insane. Alone, either of them wouldn’t be too much but together they could test the patience of Gandhi. One was calculating while the other was rambunctious.
“…..meeting with the police chief at 5” popped out of the white noise that had become Charlies’ voice for a moment there.
Cas put on his polo and khakis, he had to head into the student business center, get in a few hours at the helpdesk then he would go home to face the subject of his every fantasy.
At the roadhouse, Charlie put on the final touches making sure all was going according to plan. The place was decently busy, filled with her LARP group enjoying food and drinks. It counted as a LARP event for them taking care of the quarterly requirement before school got hectic for many of them, so it was easy to find volunteers. They just had to wait for the signal to enact the second half of the plan.
“Should I assume you're the husband?” An older nurse looked down on him with barely hidden contempt.
“More like a criminal accomplice,” Dean mumbled but didn’t interrupt the story of their latest adventures.
“If you say so Dean, somebody in there is going to be a football player.” Castiel winced as one of the babies decided his kidneys would become their source of entertainment for a while, bored with following their daddy.
“Aww, Dean don’t tell me the little lady is giving you problems? I thought you were old school like me, not one of these new age equality blah blah blah people. You wear the pants in the marriage just show her who’s boss and she’ll be eating out of your hand.”
“Ok so here’s the deal, you erase the video and me and ……you’re invited to my end of the year party. Deal?” Dean was trying hard not to sound desperate, but all he could think of is how bad it would be should that video somehow make it back to his father.
“So… does that mean you’re okay with this?” Castiel was so confused, his mother was typically so reserved and professional. He was not expecting her to have a fangirl moment.
Castiel went straight for the parking lot. Already waiting for him was Dean leaned against the beauty that was the Impala. “Hey, Mr. Graduate.” Deans smile was so bright and pure it warmed Castiels very soul. “Hello, Dean.” Castiel couldn’t resist he had to kiss those lips before the day started.
“I see babygirl, that is pretty cool. Are we keeping this a taking it home?” Castiel looked at the neon orange bag sitting next to him in the sand and noticed there was a plastic baggie with three other shells already in it sitting on top of the rest of the items.
“Oh, and these were supposed to be a surprise for the day.” Sam tossed the bracelets at Dean, “it’ll be a waste if we don’t use them so let's finish the trip, give him some time to really think things through, and it’ll give you time to fix it.”
These are for food, but you have to wait 90 min between each use, I know that will be hard for Dean but, I wanted him to have a good time.”
“Yea I'm sorry about all this, let's go out and I’ll explain what I can.” The two of them walked over to Gabes Jeep. Gabe weighed his options and decided not to ask more questions until later. He started off in the direction of the restaurant he knew Sam and his rabbit food tendencies would enjoy.
He had only two weeks to find the perfect song, make sure Jo had it on the karaoke list and most important, muster up the courage to sing it in front of his Cas.
With an unspoken plan in place, the brothers got to work. Dean headed for the kitchen with the goal of keeping Cas in there for as long as possible without letting him see or hear Lisa as Sam and Gabe got her out of the apartment.
Castiel began to have so many mood swings even a hormonal teenage girl would’ve told him he needed to just chill out for a second.
“Now I don’t know your whole situation, but I can tell you this; money is great, but it doesn’t keep you warm at night. Money won’t sit and watch movies on a Saturday night, money won’t make you soup when you’re sick, money won’t be there to share your joys. So, tell me, son, what’s more important? The money or your family?” Cain finished his drink, tossed a $20 on the bar and collected his bags.
Castiel practically fell off the couch as he attempted to roll over. His not so simple brother was in the kitchen baking yet again, but this time blasting his stereo. “Gabriel, don’t you think it’s a bit early for Def Leopard?” His query went on ignored due to the fact that Gabriel was giving the french toast he was making, its own private concert.
doing something like that was okay?!? Let’s not even get into the legal ramifications of it all cause I’m pretty sure your bakery doesn’t have a liquor license.” Gabriel tried to stay smug, but even his tough shell cracked under Sam’s glare.
“Dean, I know you don’t want to but we really need to talk about this.” Sam tried hard not to stare down his brother and the amber filled glass that had become permanently attached to his hand every night.
Dean knew the point she was trying to make, his husband was currently in the hospital, and would be until he got a transplant and he was trying to run off and be a grease monkey. He didn’t know how to make her understand that he needed to
Once the song was over he settled their bill and headed for the car, letting Gabe know wordlessly that it was time to go.
“No prob Charlie, I’ll see you at Sunday dinner, and yes I’m always on your side……. as long as your side involves Game of Thrones” Sam chuckled as he headed back to his appointments for the day. At least this was a step in the right direction.
signature on them. It was only an extra stab to the heart when he realized that it was his brother's name listed as Castiels attorney.
“Hello, doctor Loki.” Cas shook his hand while looking at the doctor oddly wondering what kind of doctor walks around with a sucker in his mouth while he deals with patients. “I’m an associate of Dr. Mullen. I’ll be here with him and I just needed to go over your files and make sure we had everything correct before we proceed.”
He doesn’t wait for an agreement and quickly strides from the room, dialing as he goes. It rings twice before he hears “Singer Auto - this is Jo Harvelle speaking. How can I help ya?”
The rest of the ride is oddly relaxing, with Lucifer and Balthazar chatting amiably about the merits of certain clothing stores versus others and Dean is thankful for a moment to breath. He can hear himself think again and it's wonderful.
Okay, chapter four! Now things are going to start moving a little more! I’ve got an actual plan for the next couple of chapters including a bit of angst from Dean and a bit of profound bonding for them – Enjoy!
- okay. I was just kidding.” then tactfully changing the subject she added “Can you pull a shift on Wednesday afternoon? Ash is gonna be out and we could use an extra hand.”
"Stop degrading him!" Castiel snaps fiercely and Gabriel steps back slightly, hands raised in surrender.
Castiel murmurs a polite goodbye to Rachel before heading for the street as well. He's unsure as to what he should do with his spare time and loiters on the sidewalk, slightly puzzled.
Lucifer rolls his eyes and says "Right. Charming. Well I have to go sort out things in the bedroom. Our work isn't done just yet."
What the hell do people call you then? I mean Castiel is nice and all, but you've gotta have nicknames."
“Isn’t it customary to wear a costume in celebration of Halloween?” Cas responds in evident confusion. An hour hours ago he’d disappeared to explore the bunker, while Dean started dinner. Apparently he’d found something ridiculous and in typical Cas fashion, attempted to further assimilate into humanity by using it, without understanding how it actually functioned.
"Okay, last outfit, Dean" Lucifer says, tossing a moss green shirt and black jeans over the top of the door to him. "I think this is the one you should wear for your party tonight."
If Dean had some sort of significant other than this would be easier. That's usually Castiel's forte, is helping people with their relationships. It's something his friends find ironic since Castiel has only ever had one serious relationship in his life and that was with Anna, before he came out.
He'd been fond of Anna of course, but the only real reasoning behind their relationship was that his family approved of her. She's the only one they would ever approve of, but that's a moot point now though, since they refuse to even speak with him.
Two hours later and Dean has bobbed four apples, Sam has refused a turn and Cas has managed to catch one apple and get himself very,
Castiel fights a smile at his words, realizing that the same is true for him, as preposterous as it sounds. After only one day, they've already become accustomed to each other's company.
Dean is unable to hold himself up any longer and slides down the wall to sit on the floor. He reaches an arm out for Cas, wanting him close. Cas smiles and takes his hand, but says “I’ve got preparations for the mission. I can’t stay any longer.” he stands. “But Dean, do us both a favor. In your world, in your time, don’t wait until the world ends to come crawl into my bed.”
His face is a mask when he approaches Balthazar, who's acting like his asshat self, doing his best impression of as strict elementary school teacher.
Instead he tosses the towel at Cas and hurriedly begins clearing up their “bobbing station”, doing his damndest not to notice the way Cas moves when he ruffles his hair dry with the towel.
, Okay. I was just messing around." Gabriel assures placating. Castiel is as surprised as Gabriel, he rarely ever lashes out like that. He cannot recall ever having done so to his friends. But knowing Dean, knowing his story and to hear him mocked again, it broke something in him.
“Right - let’s go - let’s go - time to get to work!” Lucifer sing-songs and Balthazar bounds towards the door.
Cas shifts beside him, unawakened by Dean’s clumsy movements. Dean can’t resist gently shifting close to him and placing a few soft kisses on his bare shoulder. Dark marks have formed along his collarbone from their activities the night before and the sight of them excites memories in his mind.
he's got to throw a party?! No body mentioned that. "A party?!" he demands in fury, dropping the clothes and striding angrily from the dressing room to confront them.
When he steps into the living room, however, the laugh sticks in his throat. Everything sticks in his throat, words, breath, for several moments. Cas does not look ridiculous. He doesn’t even look like his slightly odd, yet somehow still appealing self. He looks.....well,
“Yes, because he’ll sing that stupid song for days.” Sam grumbles throwing Dean a dark glare as he begins
He grabs it without checking the caller id and answers "Hello?" with it pressed between his shoulder and ear.
Whatever the reason Castiel almost finds himself accepting the invitation, however they are not supposed to have an interference with their clients during the night after the transition.
And then, on blessedly simple and quiet days, when they desire nothing more than silence and companionship, Castiel and Dean sit and watch the stars. Castiel remembers another time, in another world, when Sam and Dean had the same tradition. He’d been invited to stay on occasion.
It's a good argument but Dean refuses to listen. His only response is a stony silence, so Cas continues "Furthermore you are not a failure, Dean. Your mother died, which I take to mean you had to assist in raising Sam. You have done an admirable job. He's in law school and is a happy man. What more could you have done?"
Castiel takes the rod from Lucifer, who’s refusing to look contrite, and instead is rummaging through clothes on the floor, muttering in distaste at the amount of denim and flannel.
Balthazar replaces the olives on the shelf and continues down the row, selecting another jar. "I'm not talking about
"I am too busy for this." He snaps before clicking his phone shut. He's hanging up on a lot of people lately it seems, but he can't bring himself to care. Sure he'll have a dozen or so messages from Charlie later, calling him a Klingon or Death Eater for hanging up on her but he'll just delete them.
Dean seems vaguely embarrassed at his slip-up and says "Oh - uh, sorry, man. Just thought, you know - Castiel - Cas..." by way of an explanation and apology.
Dean scowls in thought, wondering what Sam is talking about. He quickly reviews their past few conversation in his mind, searching for a clue as to who Sam is talking about. Nothing clicks.
“I didn’t want to disturb your dress-up time.” he retorts and kicks himself, knowing his sounds snarky and defensive.
He can feel the anger slowly seeping from him, and leaving a tired resignation in its place. Sam has signed him up for this and there is no way he's getting out of it.
Lucifer emerges from the walk-in closet at this moment holding a long wooden pole and objecting “I didn’t break anything! This-” he twirled the rod “Came off its holding place and these two had to go make a ruckus out of it!”
“So I opted for funny instead.” her hands emerge gripping Ghostbusters and Nightmare Before Christmas.
“On your knees, soldier.” Dean isn’t sure how he got here, or even where “here” is, but that’s the least of his concerns at the moment. The thing currently captivating all of his interest is Cas, decked out in that damn uniform, accented by a slight smirk and ordering him to kneel
Castiel smiles at that and nods in agreement. But that wasn’t where he was going with his question and Dean knows it. He waits in silence for Dean to continue.
gay man, the one in the trench coat who adores you." He casually inspects a jar of Greek Olives while his words set in.
Upon hearing him Cas turns around, concern etched on his face. “Are you alright, Dean?” he inquires.
“I don’t understand it’s purpose.” Cas protests, his brows furrowed as he studies the large bucket of water intently, as if he hopes to divine some explanation from it.
Cas is about to speak, but Dean can't take anymore and shouts "Dude – check!" summoning Ash to their table.
When the reach the car Balthazar opens the back door and bows with a flourish of his hand, saying "Your carriage awaits you..." while Lucifer snickers from his place in the front seat.
Castiel pays and hurries out of the cafe as quickly as he can, hoping he hasn't lost Dean. He'd seen Dean's walls and pushed passed them. It's not something he should've done, but the layers of guilt and self-loathing needed to be broken through somehow. This man has too much good in him to be weighed down by such guilt.
"Well for starters - it's not food anymore. It's Darwinism." Balthazar snarks, before tossing the container into the nearby trashcan.
Cas doesn't know him. They'd met, what? Four hours ago, tops. He's just some stupid, touchy-feely guy who doesn't know what's good for him. Dean knows people who say they see good in him sometimes, but it's just a trick of the light. He's too fucked up to ever amount to anything other than what he's doing now and that's just how it's gonna be. The fury resumes control, simmering at Cas for bringing all the bullshit to the surface, when he'd been perfectly fine shoving it down and continuing with his life.
A slight grin flickers across Cas’ face, obviously pleased with the effect he’s having. Finally he drops to one knee in front of Dean, ordering “Keep your hands where they are. If you attempt to touch me I
Not his Cas, but he still reacted on instinct and was up the stairs and pushing open the cabin door before even considering that maybe he wasn’t the Dean that this Cas was calling for.
“Look at you, Sherlock.” Dean says with a laugh.”Gorgeous and clever.” he punctuates the last word by pressing a kiss to Cas’ unruly hair.
They both tuck in and Dean can't quite stifle the contended groan at the taste of the perfectly grilled burger. It's almost as good as one of his. Cas' eyes widen a bit at the noise and he realizes it's a bit rude, so he tries to quiet down.
"He doesn't mean any offense, really." Castiel is speaking and Dean breaks away from his angry thoughts to listen.
When Dean attempts to stretch his arms and is halted by something firm and warm beside him, it takes a moment for him to understand what’s going on. When that firm and warm something lets out a soft, sleepy sigh, he remembers and grins.
“That’s just Cas.” Dean protests. “He does that soul-searching gaze all the time. It’s just his angel weirdness coming through.”
He's finally beginning to think clearly about the events of the afternoon and can't help but wonder if somehow, miraculously Balthazar is correct. Maybe Cas just has a crush on him and all that was at the dinner were the effects of it. Or maybe Cas was just a genuinely nice guy, who didn't like to see him beating up on himself.
Hope this doesn’t seem to out-of-sync with the rest of the story since it’s been fairly lighthearted ‘til now. Anyway – enjoy!
It's a seat yourself sort of place and Cas leads him to a cushy looking booth and slides in. Dean settles in on the other side and grabs a menu from the rack holding salt and pepper instantly. Cas mirrors his actions at a less rushed pace and flips the menu open, scanning it thoughtfully.
"Jesus, would you tone it down?!" he growls as he catches a few words of a sentence that are practically screamed at him.
He releases another sigh, this one sharper and intent, forcing himself to expel some of his own tumultuous feelings. Although he must interact on a more intimate level with most of their clients than the rest of the Fab Five, simply because of his job, becoming so attached to one of them has never happened and it certainly isn't wise.
But another part of him, small and hidden, but just as potent, desperately wants to believe everything Cas said. Wants to fall to the floor and finally release the racking sobs that have been building inside him for years. Wants to shed the layers of guilt that he's piled on himself over the years and just-
He’ll call up Charlie and see if she’s in the area. She always knows how to brighten things up, and he’d bet that Halloween is her favorite holiday. It’ll be good.They could all use a reason to laugh.
Dean had intended for them all to pitch in and carve the pumpkin, in fact they all still have their tools in hand, but once Charlie had started working none of them wanted to risk ruining the masterpiece she was currently creating.
She wraps him in a quick hug before he says “Come on.” he says, stepping back and indicating for her to follow. Sam and Cas come into the room when they hear her enter.
To Dean their steps sound like a herd of elephants trampling through the house and he forces himself to sit down on the couch so he doesn’t tackle something. Anything.
That’s not helping Dean with the warm feeling he’s getting. Furthermore that shirt is pissing him off, with it’s freakin’ loose neckline. He’s always found it comfortable, the way it sags below his collar-bone, but now it’s irritating him; giving him glimpses of Cas’ clavicle and chest.
“What?” Everybody prompts simultaneously. Or rather Castile and Samandriel prompt. Everybody else demands.
Dean's never felt so damn bipolar in his life. Not when his mother died and his couldn't decide if he should shout in anger or wail in mourning. Not when his father died and he couldn't decide if he should let his shoulders sag with relief or with sorrow. Not even when Sammy got engaged and moved out, leaving him a messy combination of elated and depressed.
“We’ve also never had an ex-angel living with us.” Dean counters, opening the fridge, then adds “And we have to, Sam. When we were kids, we used to do stuff.”
He fights off the tangled mess of blankets half-covering his form and end up shoving them of the bed into a crumpled pile. He yawns and fumbles for his phone from it’s place on the bedside table, where it’s still cranking out the guitar solo.
Sometimes in the the quiet minutes after their climax one of them might utter something, in the barest whisper, that’s akin to an expression of affection, but it’s always ignored. It’s an unspoken agreement that bringing the heart into  thing would just make it more complicated.
His blood is boiling again. These guys may be experts but that doesn't mean he wants them telling him how to run his life.
Dean doesn’t blame him, after all they pretty much live Halloween every damn day,well the dark side of it anyway. All the candy, glittery costumes and inflatable skeletons kind of make a mockery of their job and it eats at most hunters.
Castiel leafs carefully through the records, the names on the familiar, though not those that would be found in his own music collection.
“I ain’t afraid of no ghost.” Charlie manages breathlessly, when she finally stops laughing. “You guys should totally get that on t-shirts. Or business cards.”
Especially Cas. Being human is unpleasant and complicated enough when you’re born as one. Dropping into it after existing as something else for a few thousand years, well Dean doesn’t even care to imagine that. So he’s going to remind them all how to loosen up a bit. It’s been too long since he’s seen Cas or Sam smile.
“I found it in an old store-room.” Cas explains,in an innocent tone when Dean does nothing but stare. Surely he knows what he’s doing.Surely he’s not,he
“What? No! Ghostbusters, dude.” Dean counters, while Sam continues to shake his head. Cas watches the scene unfold quietly, obviously bemused by the entire situation.
"Uh-uh- no need to hate on your little bro for this! He's doing you a favor, Dean-O" Dean spins around to face one of the guys, who has long hair and hazel eyes. If he remembers correctly his name is Gabien or something.
Castiel feels a slight blush creeping onto his face as Dean looks about questioningly and demands "What? What do you mean?!"
Dean lets out a wry laugh at that and says "Well if you're expecting me to get on my knees in gratitude, you've got another thing coming."
.” Cas repeats, his tone low and crisp. Dean finds himself complying without a thought. A smile alights on Cas’ lips and he extends a hand, gently running his hand through Dean’s hair.
“Did you see how fast Deano came running, though?!” Gabriel cackled. “Worried his closet was in danger!”
Minutes slide by disturbed only by the sound of their rhythmic breathing and the occasional rustle of clothing as they moved. The camp beneath them is asleep and even the zombies seem to have settled for a brief time.
“Hey, are you gonna make your move or do I have to hit you again?” Charlie demands, breaking into his worried thoughts.
Dean can't help but laugh a little at him and finds that he feels the best he has all day. There's a companionable silence as they both look over the menu and Dean realizes after a moment that he's humming along with Shinedown's cover of Simple Man as it plays over the loud-speaker.
He hears the rush of footsteps just as he's finishing in the kitchen, assisting Samandriel in some last minute arranging. Gabriel hadn't spent too much effort on the kitchen, because its state wasn't as dismal as the rest of the apartment, but he had purchased a few things to assist in it's organization.
“Lemme get you a towel.” Dean offers through his laughs when Cas finally gives up and stands, water splashed down his front and his hair sodden. He looks a bit like a bedraggled kitten and he’s pretty sure Cas is actually pouting a bit. Definitely human.
Someone mumbles about him being a slave driver and spoiling the fun, but they all concede and Castiel is relieved to have spared Dean more mocking.
He hadn't meant it to come out quite so harsh, but if there's one thing he doesn't like it's people prying into him. They never like what they find. He expects Cas to get angry or drop the subject but Cas surprises him.
Dean thinks to himself, preparing to make a strategic retreat to the kitchen. There’s no way he can stay in here, with Cas parading around in that, without doing something drastic. Like ripping it off of him.
He’d actually managed to forget about the whole uniform issue with everything else that’d been happening, but memories of his dream strike him full-force.
“What?” Dean asked, stepping back a little “I just saw me with his hands on your dick. What the hell are you talking about.”
Dean’s heart pounded and he felt a sense of vertigo for a few brief moments. A part of him argued that this wasn’t what he wanted, that this time-travel alternative timeline crap had messed with his head. Another, quieter part of him knew better, though. He told himself he didn’t want it because he thought he could never have it. It wasn’t the Winchester way. It wasn’t the hunter way. And even if it had been, what creature of light, what angel of the lord, would want
But Castiel, as the Cultural Specialist - or “Civilizer” as Gabriel prefers to call him - what he does varies based on the cases.
." Balthazar interrupts. "Leave with us, show up late so you don't get roped into helping and then just chat and hang about like the other guests. Enjoying a party is not against the rules."
Balthazar suddenly selects a jar of olives, drops it in the basket and saunters down the aisle, not allowing Dean a chance to respond. Since the subject is dropped Dean doesn't bring it back up again, silently following Balthazar about, his mind a tangle of thoughts that cause him to wish heartily for some Jack Daniels.
“Shut-up, Sammy!” Dean snaps, shooting him a dark glare and would’ve said more if Cas hadn’t stepped in.
Dean's smile comes instantly and he answers "Burgers? Hell, yeah. Man after my own heart, aren't you?"
"You've outdone yourself, Gabe." Balthazar murmurs appreciatively and earning an exasperated growl from Dean.
The world’s gone to hell. Or Hell has come to the world, actually - Hell raised up, the world didn’t sink down. Not physically at least. Metaphorically it couldn’t have fallen any farther.
Dean's stomach rumbles, then, breaking him from his thoughts and forcing a small smile onto his lips. Dean answers with a defensive expression and says "You guys didn't even give me time for breakfast this morning."
Several of them are in covers that have clearly seen better days. He pulls out the vinyl and carefully examines it, noting the number of scratches and even a few chips along the edge and one appears to be warped. Surely these are beyond playing?
is going on?!" Dean demands as Balthazar darts towards the kitchen and Gabriel begins rustling through a messy pile in the living area.
Castiel wants to bury his face in his hands. Or knock his friend's heads together. They should at least be more respectful of Dean and his home, since he wasn't the one who invited them into it.
furious at Cas, dammit. The boiling sensation under his skin and the adrenaline pumping through his veins proves that.
Castiel shakes his head and looks out the window. He loves these guys, honestly he does, they’re his best friends - practically family. But they can be coarse and vulgar, particularly when it comes to other men, straight men, and he wishes they would show a bit more respect.
Dean takes a sip of Coke to avoid answering before snarking "I'm an Aquarius, I enjoy sunsets, long walks on the beach and frisky women – oh and my mom used to sing Hey Jude to me as a kid. Happy?"
“See, Sammy. Now we have to watch the movie to teach Cas the proper response.” Dean declared triumphantly.
Cas finally manages to shed his shirt “Sam suggested I remove this one, and went to get a dry one for me to put on.” he answers with something akin to an apologetic shrug. Dean feels the sudden urge to break something as he watches the movement of Cas’ muscles.
Charlie had crossed her arms in front of her chest, looking over to Dean. She had learned that it was important to burn the victims to avoid that they going to be possessed by creatures after their death. What sounded like a horror story for most people was everyday life for Dean and Sam. So often they had encountered ghosts that haunted them because the dead body had not been cremated. But the victims they meant were flesh and blood, not metal and plastic. Could a broken PC become a zombie computer?
Cas moaned, his eyelids closed and he pushed his head back into his neck. Dean could guess what was happening under the cloth and the thought of the grace-tentacle caressing Castiel's cock made Dean breathe in sharply. The performance was breathtaking, but Dean felt the need for more. Carefully, he reached out his hand until he could touch the skin above the waistband of Cas' pants. Castiel twitched slightly as he felt the hunter's fingertips. This time, the "Dean" really came over his lips and Dean took it as approval. Carefully he let his fingers wander to the waistband of the trousers, grabbing the edge of the blue pleated trousers and the white boxer shorts at the same time. Castiel lifted his pelvis and Dean pulled the cloth down over his hips and buttocks, down his legs, until both trousers dangled around Castiel's feet. Dean held his breath and his free hand wandered to his own crotch, pressing his erection, which pressed painfully against the zipper of his jeans, begging for attention.
"Damn it, let me go" he gasped and pulled the silk scarves that now drastic allyrubbed into his wrists.
“The Christmas morning, we are all sitting in Payamas under the tree, unwrapping the gifts Santa brought us. That could be really domestic, I think. Like that toothaching Hellmark movies. And Thanksgiving. I want to go to a farmers market and buy lots of pumpkins to carve and to make pie of. You know, I want to have a story, where I walk with Cas through the indians summer, jumping into a mound of leaves. I want to look for chestnuts and feel the first glimpse of frost under my boots. I want a storie, where we go into cinema just to make out in the backseat of the movie. I want to travel along to see the world. Maybe doing something crazy stuff like bungee jumping or something like that. I want to see the Superbowl and Wrestlemania, and maybe the Oscars. I want to spend a night in a lighthouse and sit in the car to watch the lighning of a thunderstorm. I want to feed Cas with all types of pie I can find and grab his hand in that freaking rollercoaster at Disneyworld.”
"Tell me," he heard Cas' voice and when he opened his eyes, he saw his face in front of him. His lips were moist from his precum and on his cheeks was a slight blush.
"I want to sleep...... i must sleep.... so tired. And you're so loud...you're so loud." The voice had changed, seemed familiar. Maybe one of the demons he had killed. It was said that the Empty could take on the face of the creatures that slept in it.
"Dean ... look at me ..." CAs voice was husky. Dean opened his eyes, he would rather indulge in the touch of his hands. Cas was still sitting on his thigh, the pot in his hand, hovering dangerously over his manhood. For a moment, he expected that Cas would drip the massage oil onto his aching cock. But he was wrong. He was leaning back slightly and dripped the oil onto himself. In shiny streaks it ran down his chest, his belly and disappeared into the fabric of Cas shorts. Dean took a sharp breath, stuck with his look at the drops that had united to a trickle. He put the pot aside and his hands slid up and down his body, blue eyes petrifying him. Cas caressed himself, knowing excatly how he could Dean turn on. The firery ring around the bed threw a golden shine onto Cas body. It was a promised land to Dean. Ready to discover and to claim at his own.
Dean huffed, looking around as if he was sitting in the wonderland. After Cas had recovered, they all had renovated the house as a family. They had painted the walls in warm and friendly colors, renewd the heating system and the windows. Cas had purified the basement room and together they had held a small memorial for the souls of the fallen angels. Then they had closed the doors, sigiled the room, so that it would be closed forever. With the help of the Book of the Damned and Rowena – although Dean wasn't happy with her being around – a portal was made in the basement as well. With a hidden enochian sign that was carved in the hip bone of Cas and every Winchester, they were able to use the portal to travel to the bunker and back immediately. For now, Dean never had used it. Instead, he was driving the way, with Baby.
The figure wavered indecisively in and out, small tentacles shot out again and again. Endless seconds of silence....
“That's not that easy. What for things do you have in mind? I just need some more input. Spill out, whatever comes in your head.”
Dean waited for the moment that Ashton Kutcher would jump out of the closet and shouted "Punk'd" loudly, because what was happening before his eyes could only be a prank. But neither the closet door opened, nor did Sam and Castiel start to laugh.
"Dean, oh......fuck" Cas came with a long scream. Seed spurting across Dean's chest as the tentacles retracted as if on a secret command. Cas slumped forward, leaning heavily breathing on Dean's chest.
"He looks so delicate," it flashed through Dean's mind, "like caramel-coloured velvet." The tendrils of grace still played with Cas nipples, twisting the dark bud with light pressure. Dean felt the jeans tighten around his crotch. The sight shot from his iris straight into his loins, making his penis throb in his pants. Cas had closed his eyes, no longer seeming to be aware of Dean's presence. What if he just leave? Tomorrow, he could blame everything he experienced on the alcohol or keep it quiet until it was just a funny anecdote. Dean looked at the door, the stairs, the hallway and then his gaze slipped back to Cas without moving a millimeter from the stool and the realization struck, punching him right in the stomach. He could walk, but did he want to? Dean was afraid to answer this question, but all the parts of his body between neck and testicles took the decision away. His throat was dry, his heart was pounding in his chest, his stomach was rumbling, and his sanctum sanctorum had less and less room in his jeans. And all because of Cas. Because of the fallen angel that lay before him and his power with which he could kill demons and monsters, used to send himself to Oblivion.
“A few days ago I got a postcard from Mom. She, Donna and Jody are on a vacation trip to Hawaii, enjoying the life without hunting. I realized, that I have been around the country for years. And there are only a few states left I wasn't in, but I have never seen more of the states, than cheap motel rooms, police stations and haunted houses. I never have been to Disneyland, Niagara Falls, I never was skiing in the Rockies, nor have I walked down Sunset Strip. My life is made of hunting, drinking beer and watching some porn videos. I mean it got really better since I have Cas and since Mom is back. Still it felt weird.”
A calm smile flitted across Cas' face and Dean wondered what it would feel like to be touched by the grace of an Angel. Did it feel like a human hand or did it give you goose bumps like one of those metallic head scratches? The grace tentacle remained in the Angel's dark hair for a few moments before it slowly began to stroke Cas' face and repaint his features. A silvery glow lay on his face that Dean had rarely seen so relaxed. Dean's gaze followed the movements of the grace as it stroked Cas's lips circled his chin, ran across his cheeks and then stroked down his neck. Almost teasingly, it slipped into the neckline of the shirt, where a button was open. Dean could see it shimmering under the fabric. The grace crept down his body like a snake in search of prey. It moved deeper along Cas' sternum and with every inch it moved down under the cloth, one of the shirt buttons popped open until the white cloth slid to the side, exposing the angel's upper body. For the first time Dean could see the Angel's tattoo in all its glory. Beneath the ribs enochian characters stretched out in several rows. The black letters danced up and down like waves with every breath. Castiel had never shown him the tattoo and Dean had never asked to see it, though he had been curious. Now, six years later, it was suddenly presented to him because Cas was lying in front of him, spread out like a living sushi buffet. The grace paused, lying stretched out on Castiel's body, slightly flickering, as if it had to think about what to do next. Then the beam split into two smaller ones. Slowly they moved up Castiel's sides to his chest, stroking his ribs and collarbone, then groping forward to his nipples.
The smell of rotten flesh, that was often found next to ghouls reached Dean's nostrils and the hunter just nodded, pushing Cas away. “Yeah... good idea. But hurry up. I have a surprise for you.”
With two steps he was close to the angel, kneeling down beside the sleeping figure. Carefully he shook the angel's arm, eliciting a soft sigh.
"Oh... God... Cas," Dean drifted away as the angel circled the tip of his tongue around Dean's glans and kept nudging gently against the exit of the urethra. Dean lay back, closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Where had Cas learned this? The angel exchanged his mouth for his hand, grasped Dean's shaft and let it slide through his palm a few times to spread his own spittle and the clear drops of lust all over his penis. Then he crawled further forward, swinging one leg over Dean's lap and sliding back and forth until his butt floated directly over Dean's cock. Dean opened his eyes and the sight of Cas alone unleashed another gush of pleasure. With spread legs he was enthroned above Dean and the hunter had to think of the Greek statues he had once seen in a museum that Sam had dragged him to. Cas' body seemed as if chiseled in the light of the war table. A perfect V of broad, muscular shoulders and narrow hips, complemented by strong thighs and a privation that was not to be sneezed at. But Dean found the face of the angel much more exciting. His own drops of pleasure glittered on the angel's lower lip and in his eyes grace lurked with a barely perceptible glow of blue and silver, ready for any infamy that might come. Cas leaned back slightly, his hand reaching down behind his back and he directed Dean's cock into the correct position.
“No.... I don't really know how I should call it. It's probably not an idea at all. More some kind of weird feeling.”
Instead, the angel looked deadly serious at Dean as he stood up and with a wave of his hand cleared the large table in the war room of glasses and other stuff. Sam had slipped back a bit, smiling behind his hand with red cheeks. With one elegant movement, the angel swung himself onto the table, kneeling on his lower legs, his gaze still filled with defiance and stubbornness.
"Sam will have to hold his ears, Dean," Cas breathed as he ran his tongue around Dean's pinna. Sam?! Right, his brother was still in the bunker, hopefully asleep. Nervously, Dean pulled the lumberjack shirt off his shoulders, trying to get out of his shoes at the same time, which made Cas laugh. With the snap of his fingers, the clothes lay neatly folded on the floor. Cas slipped off the table top, spun around with Dean and pressed the hunter against the table. Dean grabbed the edge of the table, slipped with his bare bottom onto the amazingly warm underlay. The pale lamps had warmed the glass plate on which the continents of the earth were marked. Dean slid further back until he lay in the middle of the table. His gaze went briefly to the stairs leading up the long wall to the exit.
"No, I will not keep quiet ever. I'm gonna be so loud, my voice will go into the deepest places of wherever you live and you will never sleep again as long as I live."
The light of the table top enveloped the angel and he seemed even more out of this world than he already was. Dean swallowed, biting his lower lip. It would be so easy to go, blaming it all on the alcohol, but he didn't move an inch. His gaze rested on the angel that lay before him like a living sushi buffet still dressed.
“It's so beautiful, Dean.” He encircled the instrument, his hand touching the black vanish gently. “i can't put into words what that means to me.”
Carefully, he helped the angel straighten up. Swaying, they came to their feet, and Castiel looked around as if he couldn't believe he was in the bunker and not in the eternal blackness of Empty.
"You know I was never very good at praying." Dean folded his hands like a child before evening prayer, hoping that God would send him good dreams and protect his family. Dean knew the part about God was gone, but.... hadn't Cas always answered his prayers? Didn't he always come when Dean prayed?
Dean sat on the stairs of the porch, a coffee in his hand, waiting for the angel to come home. He and Mary had been on a hunting trip and were now on their way back.
A feeling of excitement floated through Dean, when he saw Cas climbing out of the car. The Angel was smiling relaxed and when he realized that Dean was watching him, his smile got even wider.
I got up and headed to the bathroom. I closed the door behind me and a big sighed escaped my mouth. This was going to be a big thing, a really big thing
"Why should I untie you, Dean ... just tell me!" His hands began to stroke his own cock, massaging the shaft.
"I feel you coming ...” Dean breathes, amazed of this erratic view. Cas was so stunning, sunken in his pleasure. His moaning grew louder.
"You are at my mercy ...," his voice was barely audible. Castiel's breath blew over Dean's ear, tickling the fine hairs, leaving goose bumps running over his body.
How had that all started again, Dean wondered and swallowed the saliva that suddenly formed in his mouth in vast quantities. Some kind of book from the bunker ... Sexual practices of monsters and demons ... Dean shook his head imperceptibly and his hand closed more tightly around the whisky bottle. Did Angel had special sexual practices?Cas had nodded, Dean had not believed him and one thing had led to another.
"And I want to hear you. I want you to moan, to scream out my name, when I push you over the edge." At the last he added a little twist with his hand and Cas drew in a sharp breath as he felt him so tight around his arousal. Gasping and with his eyes closed he bucked his hips, lusted after these touches that drove him closer to his own release. Cas was about to protest when Dean withdrew his hand. But when he noticed that Dean got up, moved between his legs, he willing opened up for him. Dean lifted Cas butt a bit and pushed into the tight opening. Cas moaned, closing his eyes. With every stroke Dean made, he clenched his jaws, dugging his fingers into the blanket.
I looked up just to see that he had a big mug of coffee in his hand. He looked around for a second, then he was to interested in the commercials which rested on a pile on the armrest of my sofa.
"Give me more ...," gasped Cas. Dean let his hand wander to Cas' erection, stroking the arousal with the same rhythm he was pounding inside him. Strong and fast, he thrust into him.
“Maybe, we can figure it out together. Just tell me, what you thought about. I'm sure you had some scenes in mind.”
"I could do a lot of bad things to you ... ..." With his index finger he stroked tenderly over Dean's cheek. "And I promise, I... will ... ...!" With his tongue he traced the contours of Dean's ear, wandered softly to his earlobe and educed him a first indignant sigh. "So many bad things... until you squirm, begging for salvation. Only then I will let you go..." He gently ran his thumb over Dean's slightly parted lips. The angel was amused by the wide opened eyes, filled with panic and simultaneous surprise.
Dean never thought that the current case would lead them to one of these nerd hatcheries. The newspaper and police reports spoke of the unexplained death of three students who had studied at the local college. All were from wealthy families, spent time on the law campus and according to their transcripts, they had the chance of a glorious career in the world of law and order. Only after some research it became clear that behind the façade of the lawyers hide criminal abysses. The victims all had contact with a young man who was a familiar face in the computer scene and was considered a master hacker. Where he got his knowledge from became clear quite quickly. He had sold his soul to a demon who had claimed souls in return for the ultimate IT knowledge.
Dean got down on his knees and squatted on his heels, carelessly putting the bottle of whiskey on the floor.
He was talking so fast, that I had problemes to note everything. My paper was looking like a mess of words.
A demon hiding inside a computer. Apparently the old beings seemed to adapt to the new technology faster and move with the times than many humans.
"We can make up for the romance later on" Cas smiled, as if he had read Dean's mind. He leaned his chin on Dean's shoulder, his lips against Dean's ear.
Dean took a pack of tissues from one of the tables and threw them on the table where the running PC was. The mouse jerked and after a short moment the black screen disappeared and a game scenario appeared.
"Well, you still want to go to work?" He whispered to Dean's mouth and at last he allowed him the redeeming kiss. Greedyly Dean pressed his lips against him, sucked on the delicate skin of his mouth and let his tongue slide into him, took his breath away.
"Cas," he sighed and wanted to push him away with his hand, but to his surprise, he found his arms not obeying him. A slight pressure around his wrists and the cool feel of silk had shown him, he was tied up. Next to him the bed was moving, a slight rustling, steps that faded. But in the darkness he saw nothing.
I bend over and grabbed my mobile phone. I had to go to an appointment in the evening, but now it was just noon.
Even today, when he had literally fled the library because he couldn't stand the laughter of Jody and Donna, the reminiscing of Bobby and Garth and the kissing of Claire and Kaia.
“How much time do you have?” He wanted it to sound like a joke, but I knew that he was deadly serious.
I observed him carefully. Dean always had been difficult to read. It was important to him to not let his feelings out to often. You had to look into his eyes to see the little ups and downs in his mood.
"Castiel is asleep, finally.... and I thought I could sleep, too. But no.... your voice, your thoughts, your whining.... it travels through the darkness and keeps me awake.... when all I want to do is sleep.... sleep." She croaked the last word. "Stop that noise, Dean Winchester."
“You don't like them, don't you,” I asked, grabbing some of the cookies I had stored for my writing session.
"I want you, Dean Winchester. Right here, right now, on this goddamn table. I want you to strip down and get on that table. And then i want to ride you until you come inside me." A warm shiver ran down Dean's back and all the hairs on the back of his neck stood up, stretched out towards the voice that had just whispered dirty things into his ear. Dean liked dirty talk and from the mouth of the always so well-mannered angel, it seemed even more inciting than usual.
"I ...," he gasped, but his voice failed when this burning white drugged over him. Dean slowly worked him through the orgasm, before he was giving in into his own one. His tights were shivering. He pulled out, collapsing on the bed, next to Cas. The angel still had his eyes closed, breathing hard, shivering like he was in fever. Dean was searching for the blanket and spread it over their naked sticky bodys. Cas turned his head, looking at Dean with a smile. The firecircle was still burning, cocooning them in their own little world.
Dean turned into one of the adjoining rooms, and to his surprise there were other tables with computers. This was almost a commune here. Bowls with food stood around on the desks and on the floor piled up boxes with empty bottles. Dean took a few steps into the room and with a shake of his head he looked at the chaos. Dust shimmered in the few rays of light that had made their way through the blinds into the interior. The air was soaked with the smell of old pizza boxes, sweat and cans of stale soft drinks. Dean was used to chaos as he had woken up often enough on old motel beds between beer cans and fast food. But as tough as he was, even he didn't like this mess. Just as he was about to go back to the others, something caught his attention. The fight with the demonic computer had caused an overload of the power lines and knocked out all the fuses in the house. The power was off, but one of the computer had a small light on the screen and now he noticed that there was a soft noise in the air. Even though he wasn't a technique ace, he knew that this was the noise of a fan.
"Why so impatient?", Cas smiled at him seductively, continuing to spread the massage oil on his own body with gentle movements, wandering deeper to his cock.
“I'm nervous”, Dean whispered. He had sat here for a while now, counting the minutes and waiting for the sound of the old pick up truck.
"I guess so", Sam replied after a moment and looked questioningly at Cas and Charlie, who were standing on the other side of the table. The angel still had his angel blade in his hand and looked at the PC. For him it was even more surprising and irritating that a Demon had taken possession of humanoid technology.
"You have won..... take him.... and never come back.... i don't want him....too loud.... sleep..... so tired.... tired.... tired... tired“
He rested a moment, inspecting the perfect creation in front of him. Then he got up, climbed with a quick movement off the bed and went to the cupboard. Dean looked after him restlessly. For the first time he was able to look at the back of him. The muscles of his shoulders, the taned skin, the trained body. Cas felt the eyes on his back and he knew that Dean looked and just imagined how he would caress his ass or even pound into his tightness. But that has to wait. With a smile, he took a candle, which was located in a silvery pot, similar to a scented candle. Then he went back to the bed, climbed on the mattress and sat down on Dean's thighs, considered not to touch his aroused cock. Dean watched the candle in Cas hand, the wax had melted already to a clear, golden liquid which smelled like bewitching vanilla. Dean watched the spectacle and wondered even more what it would intend. He was able to combine, but he did not like the result. Candle wax was hot and he did not want to have this on his body.
A shop with taped windows, where computer junkies stared at their screens for nights on end, maneuvering little men through a fake world. They only ate chips and coke or, if it should be healthier, a pizza with lots of cheese. That the online fight against demons and monsters would suddenly become reality, none of the nerds had expected. And that there were no extra levels in real life became clear very quickly.
Sam and pulled out his emi-recorder as he slowly walked around the room, keeping an eye on the display. Charlie and Cas, however, still hadn't moved from the spot. Dean could see the redhead was in a roller coaster of emotions. She was a computer freak, someone who knew and loved PC games. The place here, which was packed with computers and room-high shelves, which were crammed with CD-Roms of all kinds, had to be a paradise for Charlie.
After his graduation party, Cas went out to meet up with Dean. What he didn’t expect was to be driven to a candlelit picnic by the lake. “You know for someone that says they don’t do chick flick moments, this is a very chick flick set up here.” Cas stared wide-eyed at the scene in front of him. “I guess you just bring it out of me Cas, what can I say.” Dean gave him an almost predatory grin before he leaned in to kiss his boyfriend.
Singing and dancing with no shame what so ever, using moves Castiel assumes are from the music video, is Dean, Benny, Balthazar, Michael, and Raphael.
“Dean-o, Hows it going? Stupid question I can smell how it's going.” Gabriels' eyebrows did a suggestive dance. ”Just consider me your personal redo button. I’m here to fix it all before my poor brother gets home.” Dean stood holding the door open with his mouth hanging open. Just before he pushed it closed his baby brother, Sam came in the door.
Dean just realized the flaw in his flimsy plan of avoidance, they live in the SAME APARTMENT. Dean came out of his own mind to realize that someone was knocking on his door.
“Why is that always your first question? Never mind, nothing like that, I just need you to pick me up from the bus station. I’ll be there in about an hour.” Gabriel knew from the tone in his brothers' voice that something had gone really wrong on the trip.
By the start of the second chorus Dean had locked his eyes with Cas and pulled him onstage, **might as well go all in and give him a real show** hoping the words in the song fully conveyed how he truly felt.
Missouri seemed pleased by the progress, so much so that she wanted to schedule their next appointment at a time when both the kids could be there. Of course, wanting the children involved in the session meant Castiel had to be consulted and he had to give his approval. Sam was tasked with meeting with him since the last time Dean was face to face with his significant other… things were less than peaceful.
In that one moment, Dean felt his heart stutter, from fear of maybe not being able to get back to the man that he loved with all of his heart but also at the fear that this woman seemed to know him so intimately and hes never seen her a day in his life. Bits of his training were starting to surface and flash red alerts.
“I appreciate the offer, Dean. However, I am aware that you also have a class during that time, a class that you don’t like attending in particular. I will not contribute to your lack of attendance.” It was like Castiel could read Dean like an open book. Who was he kidding, they’d been best friends since….forever, of course Cas could read him.
“That will be a perfect apology Gabriel, I will have the note to you by this evening.”  Castiel didn’t even say goodbye, he picked up his refilled coffee and headed out the door. This short conversation with his brother gave him a lot to think about. He indeed was running out of time and if he was ever to express his feelings to Dean, he needed to do it soon…..but how.
Castiel sat on the porch, legs draped in a blanket that seemed to appear from thin air watching his husband.
“You told me that Dean didn’t even come to breakfast, and we both know that for him to miss out on made-from-scratch waffles and maple bacon, then that means there is something terribly wrong. That something is me and since I can rectify the situation by removing myself from it, then that is what I plan to do.” Sam could see the sense of resolve in Castiels eyes and he knew that there was really nothing that he could say to change his mind.
There was never a perfect example of the ‘deer in the headlights’ look as Dean had at that moment. He almost choked on the onion ring he bit into.
Cas’ ringtone echoed through the house as Deans phone sat on the coffee table. Dean ran out of his bedroom in nothing but his boxers, leaving behind a sleeping Lisa to get to it before Cas ended the call. “Hey Cas, …Yea no I understand….there's no rush….I’ll see you later then.” Dean kept is tone cheery and carefree, but his disappointed scent betrayed him.
Castiel took strength from his characters and added Dean to his visitation list, he was walking out of this place, he wouldn't lose to loneliness again.
“Its loaded baked potato soup, of course, I’m ready.” Cas sauntered over to the cabinet and grabbed his favorite soup bowl. (it was deeper than all the rest). Dean took this time take in the man in front of him. Black sweatpants sitting low on those begging-to-be-kissed hips, a soft t-shirt from when he was a camp counselor.
Aidan still needed help with his homework, Claire always demanded his help on her latest art project.
The moving company showed up and Castiel confirmed the new address where they would be moving. Cas had flown out and found the perfect place. One of the children’s rooms already had a complete wall of chalkboard paint. He’d let Claire enjoy that room so that Aiden could be free to paint his room anyway he pleased
“Double bacon cheeseburger with onion rings just like you wanted.” Dean points at the food as he laid it out on the table next to him. “If I wasn’t afraid of Missouri I would’ve brought you a beer, but given the circumstances, I like all of my appendages right where they are.” With a smile, only Dean could give he leaned down kissing Cas with all the words he couldn’t say.
No phone calls, no special deliveries as it had been in the previous years. Castiel didn’t even bother to attempt calling Dean. It always went to voicemail anyway and he highly doubted that Dean even knew that it was a special day.
“Good there’s nothing more satisfying than hearing that engine purr after I’ve put it back together.” Dean leaned against Charlies’ desk picking at some of the papers in front of her. Charlie turned around to the big board she used to keep all the workers informed of what cars were on their list to complete for the day. While she was deep in reorganizing and distributing the work, “Hey Charlie…..Who’s Lucifer Shurley?” Deans voiced peeped up from behind her. “And why do you have a file on his entire life???” Deans eyes were still scanning over all the information as Charlie turned around trying to think up an excuse but she knew it was too late, by the look on his face he’d already seen the family tree.
Dean came to tied to a chair in what appeared to be a wine cellar. That means he was nowhere near his intended target and worse, he’d been caught. A quick survey of the room told him that he was alone and not being watched meaning whoever was holding him, had no worry about him being capable of escape. The bindings on his wrists were so tight his fingers were tingling after he’d only tugged a few times to test the knots.
Castiels eyes peeled open, his mouth felt fuzzy and rotten like he’d been licking garbage cans, the last thing he remembered was going out for cocoa with Gabe and Charlie at the bakery where Gabe worked. There’s a vague memory of yelling at Dean, but that’s about it. Before any type of interaction, he needed a shower and serious amounts of caffeine.
“Yea about that…when he’s back to human from grizzly, tell him to expect some serious ass kissing from Gabe and Charlie, and not to take it easy on them.” Sam went about drawing a circle on the map, the radius just as far as they could go and make it back by the end of the week. “You know something I don’t Sam?” Dean was curious that Sam seemed to already know about the evening, was he the only one not there?
“Dean, yes you were inconsiderate of the schedules we keep, but your heart was in the right place. You haven’t been home lately so I understand your desire to spend time with the kids even though your efforts were…..misguided.” Castiel had to give Dean credit for at least acknowledging he’d been wrong and he even took the time to call Sam and figure out exactly what he’d done wrong.
Gabriel didn’t say anything after that and Castiel was appreciative, he needed time to think. Was Dean waiting for some huge romantic gesture? Would Dean even want something like that? As much as he denies any sentimental moments, Cas knows that Dean loves to watch romantic comedies and always seems to get choked up at the climax when the main character finally confessed their love in some over the top way.
“All…..right….” Dean was hesitant at best. “So… tell me what kind of car you’ve got and what’s wrong with it. “Dean rolled his eyes at Charlie as he followed this eccentric man out to the parking lot. Walking into the parking lot, he was pleasantly shocked, the short man stopped in front of a bright blue barracuda with silver striping down the sides “So, here she is, I know it's not much but it’s the first car I ever bought and I’m not ready to let it go. So the problem is a rattle sound in the turns.” He handed over the keys and headed back to the lobby so Dean could take it for a test drive.
“Dean!! Thank you!! Thank you!!” Cas kept repeating those words squeezing him so hard, Dean thought he might break a rib.
“Hmm just trust your instincts. I’m sure you and Sam will come up with the perfect name for your baby.” Castiel was disheartened to know that he’d never know their name, never hold them in his arms, never hear the baby giggle. But he’s doing what needs to be done. He can’t let them all suffer through watching him slowly die when he could do something about it.
“Well that depends, what kind of treat do you want?” Dean was sitting in his own seat between the twins, with his larger burger in hand. Dean took a huge bite listening to his sons' proposition.
“You ok there babe?” Dean looked up from his position lower on the bed. “I’m going to get you a cup of tea, that always seems to settle my ladies down for their papa.” Dean hopped out of bed and headed for the kitchen. Castiel hated that Dean was leaving him in bed alone, but he couldn’t deny he loved the view.
“Understatement of the year, I just woke up maybe five minutes ago and they were already dressed and eating breakfast. Honestly, if Claire hadn’t insisted on playing with my nose I wouldn’t have woken up until you walked in the door. I don’t know what I’m doing here Sammy, maybe I should’ve just stayed gone.” The feeling of inadequacy wasn’t new to Dean, he just wasn’t used to it when it came to his children. Aiden used to worship him, Claire insisted on his bear hugs. Now there was some sort of wall between them.
Sams entire personal immediately switched, you could see him go from brother-in-law Sam to Dr. Winchester.
“Sounds good to me, just pick somewhere we can get a decent meal and crash.” Sam leaned over the seat and snagged a pack of gummy bears.
“huh? Oh hey Charlie.” Deans eyes barely focused on hers and she instantly knew that look, he was spiraling. That meant Cas either still hadn’t told him, or hadn’t told him everything. Either way this could only end up bad if it wasn’t fixed.
“Hush, I’m about to turn up the heat.” Charlie grabbed a different stack of cards, these were blue in color and all the questions were written in green ink. The colors and their meaning not lost on Sam.
Dean seemed to accept the curt response and thumbed through a magazine he’d brought with him to the study room. His classes were over for the day but he had to wait since he was Cas’ ride home. This months antique cars magazine had just come out luckily so at least the articles were new to him, unlike the stacks of other issues he had back at their apartment. Those he had gone through so many times he could almost tell you what was on every page from memory.
Positions already secured neither of them even gave a thought to final exams. They already were looking to the future. Plus there were more important things to think about, like how long they were going to keep the apartment and when would they finally mate.
“Yea….I haven’t heard anything in a while I’m going to assume its safe, but just in case I’m taking my moose out the back door.” Gabriel grabbed Sam by the hand and all but dragged him out of the room.
“They’d be an idiot not to want you, you’re a great guy and you smell amazing, just like the air before a thunderstorm, or right after it rains. So fresh and clean but heady at the same time.” Dean was too lost in his own thought to notice the arousal blossoming in his own scent and the alpha arousal responding.
He was jolted from the world when he is unceremoniously drenched in ice-cold water. Castiel fell from his bed with a scream.
“Whatever Castiel, Dean-o has to be an imbecile to not be head over heels for you at this point. You changed what school you were going to, refused to live in a dorm and even started prematurely working just to ensure that the two of you could afford a place together. If he doesn’t start appreciating you for all you do I swear I’m going to bake him a pie full of laxatives.” Gabriels’ threat was far from empty, it wouldn’t be the first time that he had used his skillful baking to teach someone a lesson and Castiel suspected that it would be far from the last. Lord help anyone that decided to mate the very playful omega.
“I didn’t think we were that bad, I mean so what we did a little making out at the bar…its not like its anything you haven’t seen before Red.” Dean popped a few white chocolate chips in his mouth and pulled the crumble out of the oven to cool. He wont bake the cookies for a few hours, ”
“Get over yourself, he couldn’t possibly want someone as awkward as you.” Cas mumbled at himself and settled down and spent the night dreaming of his emerald-eyed fantasy.
If their initial reactions were anything to go by, then at least he’d done well with the rooms. He even made sure that Deans room and a double think memory foam topper. Sams had a perfect view of the sunrise where he would be able to see the horses out of his window.
Back in her small office, Charlie was putting to use her not-so-rusty hacker skills. There had to be someway to fast track Cas on the donor list. She researched donors and the best people to turn to in these situations. Of course, family was the best and most likely option, she had remembered that the ex said Cas was adopted when he was 3 or 4 and barely remembers anything about his family. Charlie dug and found the records that happened to be sealed, but nothing is sealed for Charlie Bradbury, of course after a few keystrokes, she had the whole story. The family tree, the police reports, and the subsequently closed record adoption.
“Sam, I suggest unless you want to be mentally scarred for the rest of your life you get real comfortable.” Charlie smirked at the thought of what was finally happening between her friends and cut off the feed.
“Okay so Lisa resurfacing means trouble, you said no brownies, so I’m assuming that you have another angle.” Gabe was hoping for a slightly more direct approach than what Charlie proposed, but sneaky was something he could do, and he did it well. Although not as adventurous as he wanted, he’d have fun with it.
“Alright, so they only had two rooms left, one single and one with two doubles. So looks like you two get to be roomies.” Sam grabbed up his bag and dropped the other key in Deans hands.
Dean walked to the kitchen, grabbing a glass of water, weekend or not, hangovers were no fun. It was only then that he noticed the note, ‘
“Alright Cas, take a look in the bags and if you see something you like, go for it. You can’t go wrong.”
“I don’t know who it is, but if they can take away your spirit like this, maybe it was for the best that they aren’t around anymore.” Mrs. Levi held his gaze for only a moment before walking out without making a purchase.
“Excuse me…police chief? What?? Did I miss something between last night and this morning?” Dean almost choked on his coffee. He did a quick mental check trying to think if he’d done anything to warrant such a visit.  He’d kept all the paperwork in order, made sure to file all the correct papers when he took over the business from Bobby. Was he in trouble??
“Look Cas I think we really need to talk” Dean’s eyes were locked on his fidgeting hands in his lap and the wood planks which suddenly were interesting. He was looking anywhere but into Castiels eyes, it always felt like he was bearing his soul when looking into those sapphire orbs.
Castiel methodically went through boxes. He kept an organized plan. First, he tackled the boxes for the kitchen, freshly moved in or not the children would undoubtedly be going to request either French toast or pancakes for breakfast. Going through those boxes, he realized how many things he’d held onto throughout the years and many moves that really just needed to be let go.
At every run Gabe noticed that Sam would be in the crowd, he hadn’t passed any more notes but he always walked away with a smug grin on his face each time the alphas returned without Castiel over their shoulder.
“Dean-o what would you say was the best day of your high school career?” Dean smiled because this was an easy question.
This is not what he expected. Pearly gates? Angels on fluffy cotton candy-like clouds playing harps with halos floating above their heads? Or maybe hellfire. The smell of burning flesh and constant shrieks of terror and pain. He could have and happily would have taken either. What Castiel didn’t expect was silence.
“So umm… Cas I know we said we trust you with the directions in all, but I’m pretty sure we passed Hershey Park back there.”
“Gabriel please get up. You know why I don’t say anything, he’d never be interested in someone like me. I’ve accepted it.” Castiel stared down into his cup, even he didn’t believe his own words. Settling for friendship and accepting in his heart that there would never be anything more….two very different things.
before you put the cotton balls in your ears?” Castiel couldn’t stop himself from laughing. That song was the bane of every parent's existence but it had some weird control over children that even the most out of control were compelled to drop what they were doing and dance along to the song.
Sam sat in the chair next to Castiels bed, the only sounds in the room were being made by the machines monitoring his vitals. His clothes were ruffled from having spent the night and tired from getting the kids to their daily activities. If he could do one thing right it would be to keep their lives as normal as possible.
Dean's favorite past time was being with his twins. They were different as night and day. Samantha Jean was as sarcastic as the day was long and Lenox was quiet and methodical like his papa. Both now in kindergarten the two had been put into separate classes to encourage their individuality.
Sam wiped a hand down his face and let himself relax. This might actually work, technically this was no different than two people sitting in a room on a video conference.
Dean heard the line click and slid the phone back in his pocket. He took a moment to wrap his head around what Sam had been saying to him. Sam clearly didn’t understand. He was doing this for the kids and for Cas. Once they had enough money, he would quit and take up a training position or even consulting.
Stepping in the door with both small children barreling in behind him Castiel called out to them to put away their backpacks and get changed into their afterschool clothes so that they could go play outside since it was a sunny day.
Sorry, it has been so long since there was an update. It's honestly harder than I thought to write something based on my own experiences. It's making me face so much of what I thought I was over but I'm finding out was just buried down deep. The amount of support I have received for this story has been so heartwarming and reassuring. I appreciate every one of my readers.
“Its okay to yell at me, I may be a little under the weather but I’m not glass,” Cas yelled over the noise of the mixer and grinder going at the same time.
“Cas, maybe it was a misunderstanding, there's got to be a real reason for the call.” Sam was on a business trip in NYC meaning it was even farther into twilight time for him.
If she said anything else he didn’t hear. Zoned out, his mind floated away from reality. The darkest fears that he had yet to banish at the forefront of his mind. Conjuring up his worst thoughts, his worst fears. No matter how impossible, implausible. The scenes played in his mind like he was watching a movie, a movie only he could see or hear. Scenes played out around him as if he were there but at the same time, he had no control.  He was being dragged through these foreign moments filled with familiar touches.
“We both know that’s not true, he would go to the ends of the earth for you Cas. Dean adores you, he acts like you practically created the suns, stars, and the moon and you know that.” Sams heart was breaking little by little as he watched Cas resign himself to dealing with this situation on his own.
“No Dean, I mean like really sick, like that weekend getaway is him flying to see an out of state specialist sick. When are you going to get it through your thick head Winchester, that man loves you. He thinks that by not telling you he is protecting you but I think that’s bull. Sam and I have been arguing with him about telling you.” Charlie sat back on the desk feeling guilty at having kept the secret from him for so long.
“The doctors said it’s a new experimental surgery, and his body is responding well, even if it doesn’t work we will find another way. I just wish he would’ve told me. I’m supposed to be his doctor.” Sam looked over the prone body lying in the bed. Yes, he was a doctor and he knew how not to get attached to patients but that rule didn’t apply to his brother in law.
“umm... I guess I should get this over with so we can get the fuck out of here.” Dean took a deep breath and fumbled with his hands.
“huh? Oh no, you’re good man. Sam sent me to get you because he’s getting us tickets to a behind the scenes tour and we gotta leave like asap.” Deans left hand rubbed anxiously at the back of his neck. Castiel couldn’t help but find it adorable.
“Get out of here and I don’t want to see you around here again.” Sam stepped away from the car and glared as Lisa turned the key and pulled away.
What he hadn’t expected was he was openly dating Gabriel and that small omega was honestly impressing him and showing him new things every day. Dean had taken care of him before but this level of care, doting is the only apt description of what he was experiencing now.
“Aiden buddy?” Dean crouched next to where Aiden was curled up. “Hey, big guy can you tell daddy what’s going on? I want to help you but I can’t fix the problem if you don’t tell me what’s wrong.” Aiden squeezed his arms around his legs a little tighter and made small growling sound, the only signals of Aiden being aware of his words.
Uncle Sam was around a lot more than she was used to but that was okay because when he picked them up from summer camp, he would let her play in his hair. His long wonderful hair that she could braid and put into ponytails.
“Sam, I understand Dean is your brother, but I need you to be objective. Do you think I am being unreasonable?” Castiel stepped out of the room where the kids were eating their lunchtime snacks. The fact that they hadn’t asked where Dean had gone saddened him, they were so used to him disappearing it was just a fact of life.
“Oh nothing, dear. We are all just happy for the two of you getting together.” Becky wrapped an arm around Castiels shoulder giving him a kiss on his temple.
Castiel crumbled to the floor with his back against the wall. He was just so drained. So tired. And so DONE. All that resilience and fire to survive this place was gone, it left him along with the rage, the pain the tears. All that he held onto was gone.
“Dean, what was your first day in seventh grade like?” Gabriel knew this would be a little of a tricky question.
Dean got the call the next day. There was an open spot in the shop and it was his if he wanted the position. Dean practically ran back down to the shop to shake the mans hand.  That night at dinner with Sam and the kids he shared the good news. Both Aiden and Claire screamed with joy. Although he wasn’t sure if they screamed for him or because he said he was taking everybody for ice cream to celebrate.
When Bobby first went out just to heal, Dean picked up the slack with the understanding that it was only temporary. Cas knew the extra stress for a week or two would have an effect but he just wished that Dean would talk to him. That’s what people who are married to each other do, they lean on each other when stressed out and overworked. Not Dean, he always felt like he had to do it on his own and never mumble or grumble.
"Don't look at me like that Sammy" Dean threw a pillow at Sams face trying to keep the moment light. "I know I've been a screw-up, so tell me how I can not screw this one important day up" Dean was actually pleading with his little brother, he wasn't happy about it, but anything to keep Castiel in his life.
“Sam are you okay?” Cas noticed the uneasy look on Sams' face. He’s normally very level headed but his insecurities are getting the best of him. “Cas man, I don’t know. How am I going to do this? I don’t know how to be a dad.” Sam sat in the now empty chair and put his face in his hands. “Sam, you are going to be a great dad. You’re compassionate, smart, strong and loving. You will be just fine.” A reassuring hand on his shoulder helped sooth his current insecurities. Sam looked up at his brother-in-law and smiled, somehow Cas always knows the right things to say. “Thanks, Cas, I’m sure Missouri will be here soon for you and I’ve got to get started on my rounds.” Sam stood up giving Cas one more hug before leaving the room.
birthday and his freedom to choose. The day of his high school graduation, Gabe was in town to celebrate. Now that Cas was free, and heading off to college on scholarship cause he wasn’t going to depend on his parents to pay for anything.
Dean backed up just enough to get his hands in between their bodies. “What do you say Cas, do you want to be my honey bee?”
Deans hand shook as he began to sign, tears welled up in his eyes. He didn’t want to break his promise to his husband, but he couldn’t put their lives at risk. When Ramiel reached down to retrieve the signed contract, Dean jammed the fountain pin straight into his jugular.
The way Cain put it it was a no brainer which Dean would choose, but why couldn’t he have both? The money and his family. Looking at his watch he realized it was later than he believed. Dean threw a couple of bills on the bar to cover his tab, snatched up his duffle bag and ran to his gate.  There had to be a way to smooth things over back home. Luckily, he was drunk enough he would sleep his entire flight.
They stayed up texting each other all night the day before his first run. Cas saw it as a last chance to be his own person, a last chance to say goodbye before being dragged off to be some bastards pup factory.
“We need to get out of here.” Castiel took Dean by the hand and let him back to the car. “Follow the GPS to our last stop.”
“Hey Cas?” Dean was in the kitchen when he walked back into the apartment. “I’ve been meaning to talk to you about something. Next week is spring break and well you know usually me and Sammy go on a road trip, We….. well …….Sam mostly…….I was wondering.” Dean was mumbling.
“Look I get it, Sammy, I’ll call more often.  Look its only for a little longer, if I take this extension we will be set for life.” Dean was determined to prove he could provide for his family, anything they wanted he was going to be able to buy.
“It was because of your making to drink all night that I yelled at him in a hangover-induced rage. Now you’re going to help me make it right!”  Younger brother or not, Castiel had a way of tapping into god-like fury when angry.
Castiel laid up that night unable to sleep. He was battling his self-destructive mind. No one knew that he had tried to speak to counselors about his daily mental battle. For a while he was fine, everything was great. He had a loving husband, two wonderful children and a job that basically made him Willy Wonka. (Well in his mind anyway). Now he was getting divorced, possibly losing one or both of his children.
After Charlie watched Dean practically march out of the shop, the first thing she did was pick up the phone. The secret was out; the least she could do was warn Sam that he’d be on the receiving end of Deans wrath sooner rather than later.
Dean couldn’t help but smile to himself, he didn’t know what he would do without Charlie, the sister he didn’t deserve but couldn’t live without. Next on his list was his brother. He needed to talk to Sam for two reasons, one, if he was going to attempt getting on a plane he needed his brother to put in his anxiety prescription so he could be calm and not be a burden to Cas. Secondly and B he needed to tear Sam a new one for not telling him about Cas and what was going on.
“Come on Cassie you know it looks good on me.“ Gabe did a spin move and began to model the bag. He sniffed around for a second and paused. He could still smell Lisa. “You know what bro, you might be right though, this perfume isn’t quite right. Hey Dean-o why don’t you crack open a window to help get
Sam’s advice when it came to divorce and custody was a big deterrent. Seeing as how one child had been adopted the other a surrogate fathered by Dean, if Dean chose to fight him, he could lose one of his children.
“Look at him Sam just look at him! This is what's best!” Dean yelled back. They both were clearly under the impression that he was still asleep. Castiel decided to keep his eyes closed so he wouldn’t interrupt.
Day by day the story grew more elaborate and became less and less about anything Cas thought but took on a life of its own. The characters seemed in charge of their own stories and it was only Cas’ job to write it all down.
“I wouldn’t be stressing about it if Ms. Mosely would just hurry up and grade them so I can see my score.” Castiel practically groaned with he played with the ice in his coke.
Slowly the ominous envelopes appeared in everyone’s mailboxes. The test results they all opened them in their own time, weighing what it could really mean for their lives and the life of Cas. When it's all hypothetical of course many answered they’d willingly go under the knife instantly, but when its right in front of your face, when its real. So many other factors become important.
“Don’t worry Dean, the second you walked out the door, I cleared your schedule for the entire week, you take care of your blue-eyed angel.” Charlie smirked, she knew her best friend like the back of her hand. She knew he wouldn’t leave his husbands' side during his recovery time.
“Now I’m gonna let the doctor know that you’re awake so he can really put you through the paces, then I’m sure you’re gonna spend some time in our psych ward, but don’t you worry. I’m looking after you and those precious babies of yours.”
Dean tried not to read too much into it, Cas had been really tired lately, no doubt due to his daily early wakeups.  He went about his daily routine, making a stop to pick up his morning infusion of caffeine and today Dean even went as far as picking up some donuts and bagels for everyone at the shop.
“Hey Dean, so get this, I found some case studies on Cas’ condition. Things are really on his side. I’m not saying things can’t go bad, I’m just saying he’s more than likely got a really good shot to get past this and be able to live a normal life.”
“Dude only you would complain about going to Hershey, PA. It’s the chocolate capital of America!!” Dean didn’t even bother to hide his giddiness. There was no way he could even begin to pretend he wasn’t excited.
“I made this too and there were going to be cookies too but Charlie came over and distracted me. Next thing I know she ate all the raw cookie dough and was leaving with a container of soup saying something about shopping.” Deans voice was strained watching the almost three-stooges-esque scene play out behind Cas. It was only by a true miracle that he didn’t turn around until Sam had Lisa through the door.
The ups don’t come without the downs. As sure as Castiel had been making improvements, he’d found himself deep in some valleys. Today Castiel couldn’t seem to motivate himself to get out of bed. That stupid voice seemed to be echoing in his head no matter how he tried to ignore it.
Ramiels own arrogance was his downfall. He unbound one of Deans hands so that he would be able to sign the new contract. Of course, he’d tweaked the terms in his favor, more years, less pay, fewer protections. He pulled out a fancy burgundy and gold leafed fountain pin.  Confident that he had Deans obedience he placed the contract on Deans lap and handed over the pin.
“Don’t worry about it, Sam told me you were a spaz years ago.” Jess chuckled. She was finally sliding the roast into the oven and set the timer. Dinner tonight was going to be awesome, of course, he had to stick around for that. “Your phones plugged up over there on the counter, its been beeping for like the last hour.”
The whole movie Castiel just let himself enjoy the moment. Times like these were few and far in between.
“Oh I’m sure you can smell exactly what we were doing here, or would you like me to paint you a picture.”
“Dean please tell me this is real, I’ve waited for this for so long.” Castiel sat up on his haunches looking down at Dean. “I don’t want this to be a one time thing. Please let me be yours forever.” Castiel ran his fingers through Deans hair.
“So tell me, Claire, how is school?” Missouri started with what she figures are the simple questions. Claire told her all about her fingerpainting artwork, the family of ducks that live in the pond next to the school, and her best friend at school Chloe.
Sam, on the other hand, was just so tired of watching the two idiots dance around each other. It had been clear to him from a young age that the two of them had feelings for each other but neither acted on them for whatever crazy reasons they had in mind. When Dean had hooked up with Lisa, he seemed genuinely happy in the beginning at least. They’d both always reacted badly when the other would date or get close to someone else. The question was, how to get those two to actually talk it out like they clearly needed to do. He knew it would probably be him to force them to talk about what happened in Pennsylvania, those two were gold medalists at pretending things didn’t happen.
time. He had been waiting for 2 hours, no missed phone calls, no messages. Cas finally gave in and ate his food, drank his beer and got ready for bed. He plated Deans food and placed it in the refrigerator. At least whenever he gets home he can have something nice to eat.
“Come on in Castiel.” It was a woman around his age with dark hair and instead of wearing the classic uniform of a white coat she had on jeans and a t-shirt.
Castiel scrolled through pictures of houses on either coast since he couldn’t decide maybe Aidan and Claire could make this choice for him. He knew it made no sense to let them have such weight on the decision but it's their life too.
Dr. Loki smiled and flipped a few switches. “Well, I’m the only candy obsessed doctor around that just so happens to have it. He pulled an oxygen mask over Cas face and the aroma of fresh honey took over his senses. “Breathe deep for me Castiel and Godspeed.”
“Alright, angel lets finish up todays session with a little creativity.  You’ve told me a bit about your past. Why don’t you have a seat here and design a new candy? I have to say I can't wait until your back to creating, I will definitely be a customer.” Pam waved a hand toward the art supplies that had been set up in their own corner.
“Did you get us anything jerk?” Sam piped up from the back seat easily picking on his brother and his never-ending appetite for junk food.
. So where had his adorable husband gone? Flashbacks from his dreams had him wondering if he made up the whole thing. The book was no longer on the nightstand and the blanket he dragged in with him was also gone. Maybe he shouldn’t fall asleep watching Dr. Sexy anymore, clearly his imagination was playing tricks on him.
Sam and Jess walked down the hall with some exciting news!! They were going to share the news with everyone but Sam just had to tell someone, since Cas wouldn’t be able to come to the party, they agreed that he would get to be the first to know.
Somehow the only person results that didn’t seem to make it to the destination was Deans. He searched every day after Charlie informed him of her incompatibility but his envelope never came Castiel’s health took a nosedive one afternoon after Missouri left. Dean was making a quick run to pick up some of Castiels' favorite snacks and more of those Sudoku puzzle books he liked.
“Yo Red, really are we set? I think this is our last chance to get these two to finally admit they want to do the horizontal tango. Cas was ready to bolt when he got back. I doubt I can stop my bro a second time.”
“Now get off my couch and go home to your angel, he’s probably waiting for you with pie and a Dr.Sexy DVD.” Charlie ushered Dean to the door and gave him one last reassuring hug.
“Gabe I need your help. I don’t know what I was thinking agreeing to go on this trip. It’s only the first day and now I have to share a room with Dean. I don’t know what to do.” Cas flopped down on his back with the phone to his ear desperate for any type of assistance or advice.
Shortly after, Dr. Cain came sweeping into the room looking at some labs that had been run earlier and checking the different monitors that surrounded Cas’ bed.
“Where is the facility?” Castiel didn’t want to go but he had to admit if he was going to stick around in the land of the living, which it seemed she was determined to make him do, then he might as well try. Ellens efforts couldn’t go to waste.
When it was all said and done the three grown men walked out carrying their enlarged bars with pride. Names printed on custom labels in bright white lettering across the front.
“Dean I… I know there is no excuse for what I tried to do or how I tried to do it but I was just so tired of stressing everyone out. I just wanted to not be a burden to everyone, life needed to move on. I figured at least this way, some good would come out of it. I know it was wrong to purposely plan this for while you were all otherwise occupied.” Green eyes locked with blue and the small speech Cas had written in his head was forgotten.
When the session was over, most tears had been dried and treats were had from Missouris candy jar. They all filed out of the room to a clearly nervous Sam.
Okay so we’ve decided to skip ahead to the final round, its time for this to come to an end and we don’t want the grand prize to go bad.
“So get this, I was talking to Dean and did you know those two idiots still aren’t mated?” Sam was sprawled across the couch with his head in Gabriel's lap.
Sorry, it been so long since there was an update. I'm three weeks away from college graduation for my BS so I'm working hard and stressed out about every assignment. I will work on getting on a regular schedule for those of you still with me on this story. I hope you guys do enjoy the update.
“I need your help to figure out how to apologize to Dean.” Castiels eyes at this point were finally fully opened, and the low growl in his deep voice had subsided, he was ready to deal with the waking world.
With all of the improvements made by Dean and the lives of his children, he could not seem to let go of the nightly ritual between him and a certain amber liquid. No matter what hippie idea of Sam he attempted, Dean could not sleep without the warm buzz given to him by half a bottle of whiskey. Yes, it was an expensive practice, but only truly so if he purchased the higher quality. At this point, rotgut was the brand of choice. It was cheap, always available and it got the job done.
“I know you, Winchester. I'm writing stories about you for years now and I have analysed a lot of episodes. So... spill it out.”
“Well. You're stories are really cool and hot as well. I mean... Cas and I huh... that's ...well... hot. You made us do some very pornographic stuff. Not that I don't want you to.”
“Na, groceries,” Dean answered, stopping in front of the closed door to the salon. After what had happened, they had hardly never entered the room again. Sam had removed the remains of the piano and had cleaned up the blood. That was all they had down for now.
"Cas, come on. Fuck me, with your grace," he pressed out, and before he had even finished saying the sentence, the grace began to move within him. Pushing back and forth.
He closed his eyes for a moment, pondering if my answer was what he felt like. Than he nodded again.
Dean hesitated for a moment still unsure about the surprise he had planned. His hand was searching for Cas' when he started to move down the hallway to the room at it's end. “Aren't Mary and Sam joining us?”
"Don't move!" Cas lifted the fabric of the shirt, a flowing movement, a grating noise. Dean had closed his eyes and blinked only when he felt Cas' fingertips on his chest. He smiled at him seductively, stick with his left hand on Dean's bare chest while he was still holding the knife in his right hand.
He was here every night since that day and as soon as he entered the room he could hear the slurping sound of the empty, Billie's hammering against the door where the sooty seal was still stuck, Cas' words.
“You are nervous, Dean!” Cas had came close, wrapping his arms around the hunter, to reach for his hidden hands.
"At least it no longer smells of us." A second snip cleaned them and the room and a third wrapped Dean and Cas in fresh, clean clothes, which -Dean was sure – would disappeare in their bedroom
"Cas!" His voice was breathless ... "I do not say it ...," Irritation flickered over the angel's face. "I'll show you!" Dean pressed his body against the pillows, pulled with a jerk at his shackles.
They sat side by side for a while in silence, watching the midges dancing over the flower patch in the garden. Both were drifting with their own thoughts not until the horn of the old pick up truck made them jump.
As if Castiel's mercy had heard Dean's thoughts, the silvery ray began to move slowly, crawling across the angel's abdomen, up to the waistband of the pants, and then slipped under the fabric like a human hand. Dean bit his lips and choked down the feeling of envy. If Cas would ask ... he ... the grace withdrew from the white boxers, built up like a cobra in front of the flutist, in front of Dean. Then the beam waved towards Dean, coming closer and closer and tightening itself around the hunter's wrist. "Dean", it echoed back in his head in Castiel's tune, though the angel hadn't said a word. Castiel was still on the table, but his eyes were no longer closed. Under half-open lids, he looked at Dean, licking with the tip of his tongue over his full lips. The grace pulled on Dean's arm, led him to the table. Then it released Dean's arm and slipped back to Cas' body. Again, it drove under the edge of the boxers, diving deeper into the pants.
"Not yet," he replied, he leaned closer to him and crawled slowly nearer. His body, greasy from the oil, slipped slightly above Dean's. He gave him a little kiss. Cas felt Dean squirming under the pressure of his body ,pressing himself against the angel.
"Castiel. I am not up for such a joke!" Not that he wasn't into that kinky stuff but currently he was happy for every moment of sleep he got, without getting disturbed. Dean snorted softly as he realized that the angel did not respond to his objections.
He grabbed Cas by the ankles and pulled him to the edge of the table until his butt hung over the edge. Impatiently he tugged at his pants and boxer shorts, which were now dangling around one leg only. Together with the shoes, they fell to the floor. Castiel grace withdrew. Dean stood between Cas' thighs and lifted his legs. With one hand he pulled down his own jeans and shorts, took his erection in his hand and lined it up behind Cas. With one thrust he penetrated the angel and reaped a throaty "Dean" that sounded more pornographic than anything Dean had heard before. Cas entrance felt divine. The muscles of his anus were tight around Dean's shaft and he had to stop for a moment and take some deep breaths not to come within the next few seconds. Cas looked at him, grace glistening greedily in his eyes. Carefully, Dean began to move his pelvis. He had already had anal with one of his endless love affairs, but never with a man. Cas was tight and Dean felt the power of the angel. Slowly, he pulled back until his glans was still surrounded by the tight ring of muscles. Then he pushed forward, buried himself in Castiel
"I'm glad when we can leave this... place" he mumbled and let his gaze wander across the room. Apart from his beloved Chevrolet Impala, he had never been a technology freak, and had no real use for computers and stuff. His favorite games were Zelda and Pac Man and the tape deck in his car was sacred to him and even if Sam had tried it, no newfangled USB stuff would ever mess up his car. Sam and also Charlie were true technology fans. Sam was almost never seen without his laptop. He and Charlie could hack into all kinds of database or tap into surveillance cameras, while Dean was happy to be able to check his emails and know how to set up a free porn hub account.
"I wish you could hear me, Cas. I wish you knew that I was too chicken to answer you, that I've wanted to tell you for so long that you are more to me than family. So many times I had the words in my head and I couldn't get them over my lips. I feared destroying everything and that you don't love me back. I was scared of my own feelings... fucking hell... damn, damn, damn, damn..." The whiskey bottle hit the wall, bursted into thousands of splinters and the whiskey ran down the wall, gathered on the concrete floor in a golden puddle. "If only I knew how to get you back, if only for five minutes, so that I could tell you that I love you, that you turned my whole damn life upside down and I only now realize how much I need and miss you. Damn it, Cas. Come back to me... Cas. CAS." He felt this anger boiling up inside him again, mixing with the grief and despair, looking for an outlet.
I shrugged and offered him a seat on the sofa. Then I turned back to my scripts, trying to ignore him. As an author I knew that my characters could sometimes be annoying, poaching in my work. Dean was flipping through a magazine, but I felt his gaze on me now and then.
He was blushing and I could count all the freckles on his nose and cheeks. Nervously, he took a sip of his coffee, before he went on.
"Castiel. C'mon, let me go!" There it was again, the impatience of Dean Winchester. But he would have to wait.
"As long as it gets power. ...forever, basically..." Slowly and with their weapons still drawn, they moved closer to the PC. Sam held his scanner in that direction, but the display showed no signs of paranormal activity
"Cas... oh, God.” The grace in his buttocks had slightly changed its angle, now bouncing against Dean's prostate with each blow, sending wave after wave of excitement through his body. "I can't... hold myself back, Cas," Dean moaned as he pressed his abdomen against Cas's pelvis. "Dean... come inside me ... mark me as yours," Cas groaned. Dean closed his eyes, let go and the knot of excitement in his body burst like a soap bubble. He felt his cock twitch in Cas's anus and pour out.
Dean was still sitting on the place I left him and I could see that he was kind of nervous. He was rubbing his hands together, biting his lower lip.
Wordlessly grinning, he went to the nightstand and opened the drawer. From the corner of his eye Dean saw something flashed in Castiel's hands. An angelblade was in his hand. Cas had slightly turned his head, glared at him with dark eyes.
"I want to hear my name today just one more time ...;" He leaned forward again. "You will scream my name ... when I make you come," Cas smiled. Dean closed his eyes for a brief moment, letting Cas' words resound in his head. Bad things? Normally Dean was the one who did bad things, taking control. He knew Cas and the imagination of him, controlling, leading, driving him into heaven or hell, made the hunter shiver in anticipation. Dean heard and felt Cas rose again, walking slowly towards the footboard of the bed. From somewhere sounded soft music. An instrumental piece, Dean didn't know or at least wasn't able to remember. He observed the angel. Cas stood at the foot end and slowly lifted the T-shirt he had been wearing. Dean stared at each centimeter of skin, pursued by of the abdominal muscles, the shape of the ribs, covered with the enochian tattoo. Again Dean cursed the straps that tied him to the bed. He wanted to use his hands, wanted to feel Cas. Wanted to explore his warm body. But he lied here, being at the mercy of the angel.
"What's not allowed?" Balthazar suddenly interrupts, sauntering into the kitchen. "Oh, Dean, Luci is ready for you in the bedroom. You boys have fun."
Sometimes it’s teaching someone how to dance so he can take his wife out for a nice evening. Other times it’s giving pointers in the art of conversation. It all varies based on what’s needed.
Cas responds with a look of mock horror and the humor of the expression seems so out of place on Cas that Dean barks out a laugh before finishing his story.
“I’m sensing this is a bad thing?” she asks, casting a curious glance around, waiting for an explanation.
“Don’t call me that, jerk.” she retorts before continuing “And I know you can’t come in today. Spending some time with the boys aren’t you?”
Castiel smiles slightly and answers "My family has always called me by my given name. My friends call me Cassie."
A moment later the door opens and he glimpses a faded, black Led Zeppelin shirt and baggy jeans, before his friends let out low whistles and crowd into Dean's apartment with barely a word of explanation to him.
However, Castiel well knows that it will take far more than a day and some encouraging conversation to help Dean. He forces himself back into a professional mindset, doing his best to focus on the task at hand. The best thing now if for him to deliver Dean to Balthazar and let things settle out. He simply hopes he hasn't marred the rapport that they'd begun to build. After all of this he'd hoped somehow, they could be friends.
Castiel raises a curious eyebrow at his protest and Dean continues “No - if we save the world and you get out alive then
