“Here you come again” Loki sighed, his face blank behind his book and not even bothering looking up at the looming God of Thunder “What happened and why should I care?”
Fury released a long breath “Now you understand why the need to keep the Captain away from the Court and the Wedding to be as fast as we can make it happen?”
Thor felt the heat in his loins rise to a scorching blaze as he pressed the leather belt between the Soldiers kiss swollen lips. Their eyes meeting in a tentative but passionate gaze.
“That was really great of you, Thor” Steven congratulated, knocking his bottle of beer with Thor’s in celebration of his achievements. Tony followed the Captain’s movement with a twist in his bearded mouth.
The councilmen and women leaned forward, all their eyes shining with greed. “And what do you ask for in return?”
Jane had marked him like no other ever had, and likely never would. It would be different with Steven, and that was good, he needed different. But that tender, fragile part of his heart would likely never return to him.
Odin turned once more to the expecting mass, his face fierce as ever and decreed: “And be it so, Asgard pledges her protection to Earth, in my time and that of my sons, and those who follow.”
, anything just to feel a smidge of control over the situation. Then all that silliness of Chaperones! They were grown men, good friends, they were not going to suddenly paw at each other like animals, but everyone seemed to think they would go at it like bunnies if they as much turned their eyes to a side.
Gamora bristled under the weight of the accusation, the truth under the sentence making her recoil “I did what I needed to survive.”
“What if I don’t wake up again?” Steven murmured, his voice so small and distant that he could well be speaking in his dreams.
“Make it 50” Barton joined, eyeing the irritated billionaire to his side. Stark barked a laugh: “The man is a literal God; Brooklyn won’t last a round” And the men silently shook hands.
The men shared a look, but it was Director Fury who spoke, finally joining the meeting from where he stood in shadows and silence, his eye sharp as knifes.
“Odin sends you off to Earth in a fool’s errand, it would seem, but, he has, with just one jest, secured Asgard’s sovereignty on Midgard”
“I don’t know this dance.” Thor scrambled to excuse, as he let himself be swooned by the smiling Captain.
The Director’s resolution broke and his shoulders slumped as he allowed himself one more concession to sentiment “Come here, Steve.” And there in the cocoon of their friendly embrace, the Director whispered softly into the Captain’s ear “Don’t trust
Thor felt a guard gently pull at the covers that trapped him and he groaned in dismay. The willy bastard had actually done it. Frandal had charmed Steven…
“I… I request time, your Highness.” Steven pleaded, his voice firm over the astounded whispers and his own troubled thoughts.
The charming man cheekily rested the back of the book on the Gods head, prompting an amused chuckle from Thor’s lips and as he read out loud, clear and emotive as he is wont to do. Thor let the shame and violation be washed away by the good man’s voice, vowing to himself to do better, be better, and somehow repay this miracle of a man for all he has suffered in his name.
Steve let out a loud breath, his head hanging low as he panted. “I don’t know, I told her to leave, she was hurt…”
“Now Captain” Director Fury began as the carriage pulled forward on the rainbow bridge, snapping the curtains shut from where Steve was busy admiring the view. “I want to be very clear on this, and for once I want you to shut up and listen carefully.”
The AI’s voice resounded from the room’s speakers, loud and omnipresent. Startling the men in the room as it drowned the place in it’s soft, English croon “As of this minute, Mr. Stark, you are worth 25 trillion dollars and rising. A slow day, sir.”
Odin nodded “I see emissaries, noble men and women, generals and royals of the nine realms and beyond. All come to witness the union of Gods.”
Steven nodded in understanding. “Yeah, sure Thor, that would be nice.” He then shifted his gaze to his bag of utensils and frowned. “I’ll just go and leave this in my room, see you in the training grounds?”
It lasted a little over a week, as Thor began his shameless endeavors in the highly recurred Times Square. He was not allowed to broadcast in the nude, but he had rid himself of his shirt and chest plate and that had worked wonderfully, the Earthlings navigated towards him like bees to honey.
Thor felt the dread rise in his chest as he beheld his still very much human husband hold back the strength of one so mighty as Volstagg, who Thor himself struggled to best in a play of power, only when drawing from Mjolnir could he compare and now, here was his maybe immortal spouse: red faced and jaw clenched tight; breathing short and his thick, muscled arm bunching as he fought back the harrowing strength of Volstagg, the Great.
Heimdall struck again and again. succeeding in pushing the man back a few feet before his rhythm stuttered, and that was enough. The captain caught his eye in a fleeting, terrifying moment, A smile of pure glee on his handsome face as he breathed his sentence: “My turn”
Steven nodded and blinked rapidly in wonderment. The man extended his essence through the bond like a bouldering smack, no finesse as it practically collided with Thor in its search for the connection. “Yeah, I think I do… it’s-”
“You know we can’t simply ask him.” General Ross said, his voice slow and condescending, as if he was speaking with a child “This is an inter-galactical treaty we are talking about here. The repercussions of breaking this accord could mean the destruction of Earth.”
Thor unloaded his chest, laying his troubles at his brother’s feet, his confidant for thousands of years and as he finally drew to a silence, he rose his blue gaze to meet emerald, not remembering when he had lowered them during his retelling, only to find a blank face.
He set her down and both their hands shot to his pants. Clumsily fighting to free his asphyxiated erection from its denim prison.
Thor’s fist moved before his mind caught on to his actions, flying through the magic wall into the cell, only but barely missing his brother’s weaselly face. He quickly realized his mistake when Loki captured his fist with an ugly sneer.
Only one person could be that clever. Loki hid an ugly smile as he recognized the Queen’s halls and dutifully walked by the Captain to the gardens.
The music rose in magnificent waves of splendid tones as the sun rose at the horizon, meeting the magic lights in a clash of illusion so majestic it even made Thor’s eyes water at the sight.
Loki had created more chaos than he had expected, merely by revealing his presence to the world. Thor had spent the past month as ambassador of Asgard, pledging again and again his protection and that of the All Father to these people, only for his promises to fall on deaf ears. Fear had seeped deep into the hearts of the people and no words could bleed through the fog of despair.
I hope you guys enjoy this chapter, it was really emotional to write and maybe I went overboard with the melodrama? Anyways, let me know your thought, I always try to answer you all as fast as I can, I love reading your opinions on this fic. Chatting with you guys is my favorite part of this whole thing. Kudos!
“Sounds kinky.” Tony drawled as he burst into the room. Dressed to the nines in a bespoke suit, fresh out of the shower and using dark eyeshades to hide the worst of his little meltdown. He grinned as he strutted in and sat unabashedly in the room full of America’s most powerful men. Really, this was exactly where he was supposed to be. “Good evening General Ross. Mr. President, fancy seeing you here; tell me, what did I miss?”
Ronan leapt to his feet, a vicious smirk on his blue face as he eyed the newcomers and stopping appreciatively on the Captain. “I won’t only take; I will make you
“But that’s not all is it” Tony bit back, hurting and resenting not having an outlet to his anger “Not anymore. I used to think everyone had a dark side, but now I’m not so sure.”
“I Odin, son of Bor, King of Asgard, All Father, Ruler and protector of the realms, have come to you now, in face of the crimes committed by my own kin as I had sent my son and heir to you before to acknowledge your hurt and make amends for the wronging’s you have suffered”
“Thor” Odin called, his blue eye glued to the mirage where they observed Midgard shenanigans. “ You will part to Earth in a fortnight”
“I did no such thing!” Loki seethed from across the table, only the heavy spells binding him against causing harm keeping him from hurling the silverware at Thor’s smug face.
“Want to climb on the Captain’s lap too? Or do you think just peeing a circle around his chair will suffice?” Lady Sif muttered at the blatant show of possessiveness, pulling out a large pouch from her cloak and handing the woman a couple of coins. “Go dance elsewhere”
Steven swallowed and quietened, letting Thor release his emotions in the form of rabid kisses, everywhere he could reach, his hands dipping under the man’s bed clothes to caress and run his nails over the supple skin, the hard muscles.
“Stark” Fury greeted, face blank but his lone eye shinning keenly “Took your sweet time in there, anything you’d like to share?”
He let himself be led to his seat, regardless; not missing the yearning glance from Thor as he was ushered himself to the stand right to his Father. Steve pursed his lips and sat with the sole resolution to stay very quiet. For Coulson.
“Thank you, Steven” Thor murmured to his husbands’ shoulder happily, as he had won the rights to be the ‘big spoon’ for the night “It has been a lovely day”
Thor took hold of the Captains body and carefully pulled him up, near carrying in his arms to the plush sofa in the living space where he laid back and allowed the Captain to lay over him, or move away as he offered his silent comforts in small pets of the man’s hair and back, peppering kisses wherever he could reach, trying to give him space but not standing the thought of letting him out of his arms.
The God dipped his head and captured a taut pink nipple in his mouth, sucking it tenderly, tongue swirling over the little nub and eliciting a startled yelp that the Captain scrambled to silence with a shaking hand, the other coming to hold Thor’s head in a tight grip, stilling him but not pushing him away…
“Kids, say Hi to Captain America and the Hulk” Clint boosted, like one of those buoyant circus presenters, unleashing an avalanche of small limbs on the two men. Steve found himself with an armful of little dame as Clint’s daughter practically sprung from Natasha’s arms into his, her tiny limbs curled around him not unlike an octopus would, he automatically wrapped his arms around her to support her little frame, looking down to meet her wide unabashed smile, so much like her father that Steve couldn’t help but grin back. “Hello there little miss Barton”
And Steve could have sworn the God looked lost, sitting there alone and unguarded for the first time in years. It was only a second and gone without a trace, Steve closed the door behind himself with a sorrowful sigh.
“Yeah, you can be New York’s new naked cowboy!” Stark suggested with a wide grin, earning a reprimanding slap to the chest from his fiancé, nestled close to his body as if they would meld together into one if they settled just so. Thor’s heart ached to behold their love.
Suddenly a slender hand smacked smartly against his unsuspecting face. Steve blinked against the sting as he resurfaced. Well that was unnecessary.
Thor startled back from his Mother’s hold, flushing bright crimson as he groused embarrassingly “Mother please…”
Gamora hid her twitching lips behind her cup but her skin slowly flushing emerald belied her interest in the scandalous affairs of the Newlyweds.
“Clint” Steve reprimanded, feeling bad for invading the Doctor’s privacy in such a way, ignoring Tony’s conspicuous silence. But the Hulk was already babbling away.
Loki fell silent, startling Thor in his obedience as he lifted his gaze to the wicked smirk of the dark-haired God “He will be, won’t he?”
And just as Thor raised his head to the commotion, he saw a man tumble backwards into a table of drunk warriors with a tremendous crash.
Thor froze, realizing for once what the man meant to say. For him, having grown surrounded by Alien nobility was common place, their role in Asgardian politics just another face of a well worn page. He had never thought that those simpering aristocrats, with their thinly veiled barbs and ill concealed envy could be more than just ornery to the realm. That they served a purpose against their liege and that a
“I’m looking for something…” The Soldier continued to shuffle through the furniture until he found whatever he had been searching for and turned to his husband with a shaky smile “Come here, Thor.”
Poison and Daggers, Steve laughed humorlessly, an edge of panic showing as he leaned over the sink for a long moment. He hadn’t had so many assassination attempts since WWII France!
“To much, Quill.” Gamora admonished, offering a smile to the golden husbands and nodding her goodbyes.
That afternoon, barely a day after the Avenger’s departure, Steven had to say his goodbyes once more. Thor followed the Captain’s step as he approached the strange leader of the group with that winning, kind smile that could command armies and make seasoned warriors bend the knee.
Steve sat frozen on a small log, gazing into the fire as he and the Warrior Three and Lady Sif struggled to stay put as the cries grew fainter and the sobs louder. Volstagg pressed his large hands to his ears, swaying slightly back and forth as the pounding of fists grew wetter and only deep sobs ringed in the night. Hogun and Sif stared blankly at the flames, hands joined and bleeding where their nails dug into each other’s palms.
“I think it served me a little too well” He admitted, a sheepish glance back to the Guardian “Is he going to be Ok?”
And he grasped the wrinkled, weathered hand on his shoulder with his own; holding the limb lovingly in his own strong, unmarked palms, and placed a kiss on the scared knuckles. Odin’s hand trembled for an unbearable second before all emotion was reigned in, masked once more from his son’s eye as he lifted his boy’s face to meet his blue eyes with his own, twin like orb.
When Steve entered his room, he rushed about the place like a tornado of anxious energy, slamming shut windows and doors as if the Devil was on his heels.
“The collector, The sovereign, the Kree, the grand master, celestials…” The Director called, fingers up and reproachful “You name it, people are looking. And until that knot is tied the Captain, and Earth; are free game.”
The Captain blinked and studied intently the other man’s features for a long, searching moment, ignoring the startled and interested stares from the Avengers at the newfound detail, as they too scooted closer to the pair.
He then threw open the doors for his betrothed to climb in the opulent ride, enjoying laying a hand on the small of the man’s back as he guided him inside. Much to the disconcerted glances of the Captain; Thor was about to ‘accidentally’ let his hand slide lower when a dark, heavy hand slapped his away. Thor recoiled from the sting as the Director glared him down.
The Captain gave him a smile that made him go weak at the knees “It was real swell of you to come Tony, I mean it.”
He would have to remember to spend some time with his Mother tomorrow, to thank her for her unfailing way of sweet wording and quite possibly, saving his hide from divorce. Thor cuddled into the Soldier’s chest, holding him close as the day’s uncertainty and fear left his body relaxed and pliant.
“Brace arms” Odin commanded the pair, smiling proudly as the betrothed pair clasped one another by the forearms in an unshakable hold. Warriors meeting in equal ground.
Steve smiled to himself, head dipping and hands resting on his hips as he stayed still on the beach side, fresh wind brushing his face and teasing his hair, and for once, no doubts of where he stood.
Steve’s blond head shot up, such a heartbreakingly grateful look in those sky like eyes. Tony’s throat ran dry as the Soldier groused, so fucking sincerely. “Thank you, Tony”
Steven had given his eyes a certain quality, the God thought, as if he had opened a book for all to see. He could appreciate in the Golden All Seeing orbs the quiet wisdom, all the pain and horrors of the universe caught frozen; and strangely, all the joys. All the wonders of life lingering in the gaze.
“Oh, you son of a…” Fury groused from his balcony, his ebony skin darkened in anger as he turned tails into the rooms and shouted in rage: “Guards!”
“I said, is there anything you’d like to say? Or was your whole purpose of coming here to hassle me?”
“Never!” Thor roared and struggled weakly under the Soldier. His efforts useless as a harsh hand gripped his knotted hair and pulled his head back in a sharp angle, blue eyes meting in a battle of wills.
Steven jolted near violently, eyeing the God with wide, fretting cerulean orbs “Wait, you said last night…”
“You know I’ll do it, don’t test me, Gramps.” Tony warned them, all fun and games evaporated from his posture and only the hard, cold blooded business man left to deal the blows “I’ll have him in a star spangled thong faster than you can say ‘America’…”
Thor gave an evil grin and slid the baked curse past the magic protection, feeling the runes and spells shy away from the thing as if appalled by its existence, and straight to Loki’s eager hands.
Steven startled back, hand flying up to his chest as if it had been punched, his blue eyes bulging out of his head as he stood in the doorway, face pale again and breaths coming in harsh, wheezing pulls.
“I offer my son and heir in marriage, a place in my court and access to all the knowledge that Asgard possesses”
The Colonel waved at Steve, like one shows their price produce in the city market. Steve sat still under the heavy gaze of the God.
It was the portrait of the Director, made in pencils, with variating shades of grays and steel, the man sat in stark relieve in the middle of the canvas, his strong eye seeming to follow you wherever you were in the room.
The words sounded like she had had to drag them wailing and scratching out of her lips, reluctant and cold.
“It’s alright, son. We can clean it up together” He then hastily pulled the stained shirt of his chest, using it to gather the spilt jam on the wooden floor. It was probably ruined now anyways. He was on his knees on the kitchen floor and patting gently at the wood when he heard a loud gasp, almost a moan. His head shot up to the source and found everyone staring down at his chest and taught stomach with wide, dark eyes.
“Good night, Thor” Steve calmly responded, sitting still in the plush loveseat with a small smile on his face as the door to the side of his room slammed open, reveling a furious Fury on its threshold. His eye scanned the empty room minusiously until it finally landed on the too innocent looking Captain in the room.
Thor eyed the remains of the barely forming limb of stone, the room set in a heavy, incredulous silence as the three men gazed down at the ruined piece of art in various degrees of horror.
She smiled most graciously and took the tiny artifact from Steven’s protective hold, her blue eyes twinkling in open delight. “It’s soo tiny” she cooed, an almost childish expression as she turned to the mortified Soldier. “It won’t be used for some time, but it was very kind of you to think of us, Captain. Thank you”
… He should have run for the hills the moment the pair got up from their table, barely an hour into the party and left for the bedroom.
“Ok” She gave in, pulling him up and down onto her chest, letting him be lulled by her heartbeat once more. “Ok, Tony”
Thor smiled down to his husband, using his other hand to free his aching cock and in a deliberate, shameless motion, brought his own erection to press against his spouse’s, giving teasing smacks that resounded wet and filthy in the silence of their room, ripping another muffled gasp from the Soldier and an involuntary thrust of the man’s hips.
He pulled the man into a hug, reveling in the feel of the Soldier’s body pressed against his, for what would maybe be the last time. He heard and felt the man sigh deeply, the cool breath fanning over his ear and nape, giving the engineer a full body shiver. Tony held on tighter.
Thor was itching to say something scanting to the unexpected guest when Hawkeye cleared his throat and pointed outside towards the rainbow bridge.
Howard could not stand the idea that Steve’s body would be found only to be poked and probed for eternity, so he gave them what they wanted; except, someone got there first.
Thor cleared his throat and set Mjolnir aside, trying to close the bond from Stevens still searching quests and their growing effect on his body, but he was still only Thor so he smiled a heavily suggestive smile as he laid back on his elbows and stuck a pose for the bewildered Captain “You know, if you wished to be worked to exhaustion, I can think of a far more pleasurable way than this.”
Thor pursed his lips and shoved the sketchbook onto his brother’s lean chest with a mighty scowl. “Write something civil.”
The next hours Tony spent making sweet, tender love to Pepper, showering her with kisses and caresses as if he could erase all the hurt and uncertainty from her skin if he could just cover every inch of it with love.
Thor quickly stepped forward, clearing his throat to begin introductions before blows could be dealt.
“You should do it now” Thor declared, his mind already forming it and he could see it so very clearly.
“Mother?” Thor managed around the knot of newborn dreed at his usually sweet and composed Mother pleading so “What is the matter?”
“Now, Captain America.” Thor leaned back on the plush couch as he eyed his lovely husband gawk openly with a lustful grin “Asgard demands its due”
Thor pursed his lips into a fine line, one could almost see the cogs turning in that thick skull of his.
“98 Mississippi, 99 Mississippi.” The Captain chanted, holding a struggling, butt naked Prince’s head underwater by the twist of his arms and a handful of golden locks. The Asgardian warriors eyed the human with astonished expressions, catching the man’s attention as he smiled brightly “It’s ok, I’m just testing something”
Loki pursed his lips and turned with a haughty spin of his heels, going to sprawl gracefully in an armchair by the wide windows, silently watching the sun rise in the horizon, as he had not enjoyed since his imprisonment.
Steve nodded gravely and gently helped the hurting god to his feet. With a slow step he guided Loki through the waiting room and into his wedding chambers, earning him a sharp look from the God, but he remained quiet. Out of convenience or pain, Steve could only guess. With a firm hand, Steve settled Loki onto the large bed and rang for his chamber girl to call for a healer. Throughout this process, Loki’s green eyes followed the Captain with an undecipherable expression. If Steve were a lesser man, he would have been uncomfortable under the intense scrutiny. But his experience as a Soldier and a Showman (dancing monkey selling war bonds) gave him a bit more resistance to open ogling than he was entirely comfortable with. Steve turned to his brother in law after he saw out the skittish maid and cleared his throat.
The All Father turned to his stunted subjects and foreign warriors, calmly pocketing the power stone away as he grinned for his frightened people to behold and announced jokingly.
Thor grinned blindingly bright for his parents, extending his bejeweled hand forward proudly “Midgardian tradition, wedding bands they call them.” He allowed his Mother to take his hand in her own as he turned his enamored eyes to his husband “Steven made them for us.”
“Sir-I mean, your Highness?” The voice man scrambled to correct, astounded into ineptitude “That is nowhere near enough”
“Like that” The Captain answered eloquently, his eyes a merge of confusion and amusement “big, bright… cow eyes”
“Come Steven!” Thor called eagerly, disentangling his nephews’ tongue from his leg and placing a smacking kiss to the slick, scaled head.
“I don’t know about your educational system but where I come from no teacher is a slave to their students, there are no slaves, period”
Tony caught a pink nipple between his lips and sucked, hard. Pepper cried out and curled over Tony’s head, hands clenching on his hair where they twitched and clung in a silent battle to pull him closer or push him away.  Tony lathered the nipple until it was pebbled and blushed, scrapped into a bright red from his Goatee. His hand’s curled around her hips and began to pull the black pencil skirt she wore up in sharp, demanding tugs; until it was bunched thick in her tiny waist, revealing her lacy panties to his hungry eyes.
They fought in waves of jabs and strokes, near to fast to follow as they altered from blades to punches as it suited them. Lady Sif acquired a fevered gleam to her eyes with each stunted strike and every attack she sustained.
“None at all, sweet rabbit.” Thor said gently, turning to pull the Captain away from Groot as the tree had produced a large sack and was attempting to guide the laughing Soldier into it, despite Drax and Gamora’s scolding objections.
Thor could’ve sworn her face had gone various shades paler at the name; but then the Bifrost opened and they were awash of colors, drowning out his mother’s features for long seconds. When the lights ceased, his mother was her bright, beautiful self. Looking on to the newcomers with barely concealed excitement.
“Regardless” A blond, aging man spoke looking somewhere over Heimdall’s shoulder intently “We cannot simply hand over the Captain, we must arrange for all the finer details of this union”
His dread continued to mount the longer he laid there and finally, he lifted from his sprawl and lifted Mjolnir, summoning Heimdall and his All-seeing gaze to him, and finally return home.
“I should have worn the dress” Thor moaned under his mother’s swift hands. Frigga did not even need to look back to know Loki had yet another insult at the ready, which she smothered with a stern hand in the air. She faintly heard another affronted huff from her younger son and pressed herself to finish her task before she too could lose her head.
And finally he was in luck, as he entered Steven’s rooms in a whirlwind of anxious energy, and there he was, as if he had never left, dressed in soft tunic and pants, barefooted and covered in splotches of paint from head to toe. Steven startled, his blue, blue eyes wide and blinking owlishly as he eyed the agitated God.
“I knew you would enjoy it brother” Thor sighed contentedly, a small smile sitting on his lips as he thought of his oblivious husband, his handsome face smeared with flour and fluttery eyelashes batting as his blue eyes narrowed and crinkled with a charming smile, just for Thor.
Heimdall tapped the flat of his sword threateningly at the back of Thor’s calf, face smooth and expressionless once more.
“Aye, Father was furious.” Thor chuckled, patting the curled horns of the goats with affection. Never had Thor smelled something so foul. Nor had he met more unapologetic, blasphemous beasts. They were his heart’s pride just as Sleipnir and Jormundandr were Loki’s.
Loki stood pale and unblinking, healed and tormented by the same touch, he followed Odin’s steps as the King turned his attention to the stunned Soldier.
That should have made him soften, repulsed him. Not this, not thrust into her like a mad man, no finesse, no technique. Just savage, primal want. She had
“My promise to you.” Steven declared, taking one off the bands and turning the astounded God’s left hand to hold in his own as he spoke, eyes cleaving Thor’s with that earnest, so sincere gaze that always succeeded in making the God’s heart quiver “I, Steven Grant Rogers, take thee, Thor Odinson, to be my wedded husband.”
Steve barked a laugh as Thor shuffled forward “Ok, enough of that” and Drax eyed the blond trio intently. “There is no comparison, the man is like an angel, carved out of gold”
Thor watched as the man pulled his clothes off, folding them neatly over his boots and left in his underthings as he ambled into the calm waters and went about washing himself. It was a marvelous view, never had Thor seen a more perfect creature in his millennia of life. Wet and glistering in the early rays of Asgards dawn, Steven was beautiful and his smile as he noticed Thor walk into the sea after him. So bright and honest and sweet. Thor’s lips trembled as he dared to smile back.
“Hold your tongue, child!” Odin roared, his uncertainty making him short tempered as he tapped his staff on the floor, eliciting menacing waves of power.
Loki’s green eyes shot up in a flash, his readings forgotten as he snapped the old book shut. “Why?”
Thor, on the other hand, had had to remain seated most of the meeting just to conceal the effects of the Captains new wardrobe on his body. Dressed in flattering shades of blues, the man was a feast for the eyes.
It had happened slowly, he almost hadn’t realized that his young hero-worshiping ways were making way for deeper, more troublesome feelings until he had found himself standing outside his Malibu mansion, in his robe and not much else, at 5 am in the morning waiting for the mailman to pass by.
Steve’s eyes shot up from where he was pulling at his new uniform self-consciously. This thing looked like it had been painted on him, for Christ sake!
“Will you be joining me, sir?” Steve asked, finally noticing the luggage waiting next to the Master Spy.
“I am Groot” Groot interjected, grabbing the Captain’s shoulder gently as the man turned eager for a distraction of the current topic, smiling keenly at the tree as he replied “I am Steve Rogers”
Heimdall rolled his shoulders, crouching slightly to a fighting stance, his unblinking eyes following the Captain’s every move and breath, his very thoughts. So when he came forth with shield and hammer at the ready, Heimdall shifted out of the way, moving smoothly, as if he had seen it coming for miles. And maybe he had.
Thor shifted in his seat, somehow discomfited after the surge of emotions from Steven’s works; he had the strange feeling he should correct his posture in front of the Mortal, maybe curtsy.
He saw the man part with a sigh and immediately perked up as he crooked his head to the side and watched him go. There is always a silver lining, he supposed.
Steven smiled primly at the man, setting the plate of food by Thor’s lap, his free hand gentling the God’s hair back and away from his furrowed brow in an absentminded gesture that made Thor’s heart jump and cheer. Thor smiled up to his husband and began to feast on his meal with eager bites.
“Be it as it may, he is mine.” The God leveled the Queen with a sharp gaze “I have invested too much, cared for him too long to allow you to hurt him. He is under my protection, Frigga. And I warn you, I will not touch my heart to do what I must to keep him safe.”
“There is a certain beauty to words, my prince” The old man said as he turned and walked to retrieve his materials from the high stand “The art of conversation, we call it… You would do good to revise your lessons upon it.”
The man of Iron froze in the middle of the common room, his face jumping from one expression to the other, going from shock, to joy, to hurt and everything in between in mere seconds, before he finally settled in his devil may care smirk and swirled in place to face the newly arrived Captain.
“No, I’m not” Steve argued, he hadn’t had a fever since the serum, not even a sneeze or sniffle. Thor shuffled to his feet, pulling the shivering Soldier into his arms and up on his shaky legs.
The All Father’s eye sparked with the same flash of power Steve was learning to dread. Frigga took a step forward, shielding her son even as she clutched her sore side. “Odin, please”
The thing let out a frustrated roar and flung his whole body over Steve, who just barely avoided being crushed by grasping the Thing by the horns adorning the sides of its head, his feet scrambling for purches as he took the whole weight of the Monster, who pressed and pushed against him with its enormous body. It snarled and punched repeatedly at Steve’s side, claws ripping at his skin in bloody stripes. Steve grunted and brought the Beast’s head down hard to smash his knee to its face. The Thing dropped to its knees with a sharp gasp, spiting black blood at Steve’s feet and attempting to swing his claws at him once more.
“He is well, aye. As well as can be expected in those cells” Thor shared, his hands slowly but surely becoming more adventurous as he dipped his fingers under the laps of Steve’s shirt, carefully exploring his clavicle before retreating to the safety of his shoulder blades. His strong fingers drawing circles on the supple flesh of his husbands back, sneaking caresses to his soft, ivory skin there where his clothes allowed his unencumbered advances, and then just a bit further. Steve’s cheeks began to heat with every stolen touch but did not complain.
The God felt a tear run down his temple and grinned proudly up to his Husband. “I take it you like it”
Thor grinned and spread out his left hand in the air in front of him in a moment of childish wills, eyeing the golden band with a giddiness in his chest that threatened to spill unprincely giggles from his lips. He could not wait to show off his hand for his mother and court. And let them all eat their heart out.
He had slept remarkably well, considering how these nights usually went. Volstagg appearing somewhere around the time Thor had scratched the skin and flesh off his hands and sitting on him until he passed out.
“I believe there is an Earthly saying for situations such as this” Sif smirked dangerously “Ladies first”
Banner nodded in understanding. Thor laughed and clapped both Banner and Widow in the back with heavy hands. Jolting the mortals lightly in camaraderie as he turned his eyes to the beautiful redhead assassin with mischievous purpose: “Lady Widow, would you care to test your worth?”
“You know why he didn’t.” Loki whispered, matching the hurt in the Captain’s eyes with sympathy “It is a lonely existence, when you live as long as we do… when you
Thor leaned his forehead to his husband’s, feeling the nudge of the man’s soul against his, those clumsy hands shoving the bright Sedir of his little brother like one does an olive branch.
It was well over the hour when the old master emerged from Steven’s chambers. A carefully blank look in his thin face as he approached the awaiting Gods in the antechambers.
“Hey” Steven breathed, coming forward to kneel by the glum God and set his hands on his knees in a comforting gesture “the only ones that should care about what happens in this room is us. No one should have a say in this
“State your purpose in Asgard or die.” Heimdall commanded, stepping next to the green woman in a flash.
“He is my boy, my blood and soul. What kind of man could possibly be Worthy of my child… I can hardly imagine such a thing” He mused in quiet wonder “Thor may not understand it now, or tomorrow, or even millennia from today” Odin rested his head against Frigga’s letting his eye close and shoulders slump under the weight of his son’s pain “But when my time comes to ride to Valhalla, I wish to do so knowing that he will not be alone”
“No, we really weren’t” Steve mused, looking over to the hundreds of Asgardian Soldiers and the shambles that were the blue helmets. Even with the help of a Hulk and the two mutants in cat suits, Asgards forces had near wiped them out in a matter of minutes.
“I think he became their Mascot when he joined a Lesbian riot in Europe and proceeded to officiate religious weddings in front of the city halls” Natasha drawled, taking another sip of her beer, her smile conveying her silent approval.
He slowly pulled the tiniest baseball cap to ever exist, with a small depiction of an Iron Man helmet with a diamond pacifier and the words “I am Iron Baby” printed in bold letters on the front.
Just like a coin flipped, the stone shifted from his mother’s expression and her lovely features twisted with desperation. Leaning forward to take Loki’s hands in her own, the Queen whispered urgently “We can still make things right, my dear.”
Frigga pursed her lips in silence, following her son’s movements as he poured out the remaining tea from the dainty pot onto the grass, only until the very last drop was thrown did Loki turn to the Queen, long fingered hands stapled under his fine chin and his dagger like emerald eyes carving out its way beyond his mother’s impassive mask “How long have you been giving this to the man? Better yet, how long have you been drinking it aside him?”
They moved together, back and forth in the sensual strokes of old lovers, Pepper leaned back onto Tony, laying her head on his shoulder, bringing one of his hands to rest with hers on her belly and push.
The search was short as they found her just across the hall. In Thor and Steve’s room, sitting on the floor next to Loki’s trapped body, caressing his dark hair tenderly and eating a slice of pie with a pale and faintly disgusted look on her face; but the bleeding in her side had stopped, and she seemed to regain some color to her cheeks with every reluctant bite she took.
“Wait, don’t listen to him!” The Racoon cried, jumping onto the tree’s shoulder in a startle “Groot, we’re out of here! I told you it was a stupid idea, Quill!”
Frigga called upon the Master of Art, a bony, squirrely looking man of tired eyes and perpetually bored expression. He looked vaguely familiar to Thor actually…
Thor coughed and choked and he faintly heard Stark yell out in frustration: “God dammit Thor! Use your hands!”
Thor eyed the Captain with undisguised lust as he nibbled on the delicious treat this man had provided, receiving but a roll of those enchanting blue eyes and a patient smile. His whole face shining since this afternoons events. He had spent most of the day with Master Bragi, who evaluated his skill in all arts: drawing, painting, sculpting; he exceled in them all. All but singing it would seem. As the Head Master of Arts had explained in an uncharacteristic flustered tone.
The God of Lies ripped the pad from his unresisting fingers and scribbled some more before dropping it back between the pair with a haughty flick of his wrist. Both blonde heads reluctantly dipped to the side and quickly darted away with a grimace. Steven turned a deadpanned glance to his disgruntled husband “You just had to ask.”
“I would believe I raised a leader and a prince” Odin hissed, standing still in his night clothes and ever the more threatening for it “Not to be easily swayed by the likes of a common manwhore!”
Quill gritted his teeth and fisted his hands up, preparing for a fight “Shut up, it’s just one dude, we can take him”
“Here, husband.” Thor spouted hurriedly, purposely obtuse while shoving the fruit to the startled Captain’s chest “A gift from Idunn’s trees.”
Mister Tom had not approved of him going to war. So much so that he preferred cut all ties with the boy he had practically raised than support his views of justice.
The mortal grinned toothily, one eyebrow raised haughtily at the recriminating Queen “To hear him say it there won’t be much crying over it. The Captain though, letting that talent go to waste would be a damn shame.”
Also, I would appreciate if you gave your thoughts on the rating of this story. Does anyone want to see smut in this story or should I put all the juicy bits on a side story? What do you think?
Thor frowned down to his husband and turned to shake his head resolutely to his mother “No, Mother. I must stay with him” Passing a gentle hand over his blessedly cool brow Thor dared to lay a kiss to the smooth forehead, ignoring Frigga’s troubled glances “I promised”
Thor dropped Mjolnir in the middle of the field, and Tony relaxed for a second until the fucker started sparking lightning out of his eyes. Thunder rumbling more fiercely in the dark sky as it gathered above them, the air so charged with electricity that rocks and pebbles began to tremble in the grass.
Thor set the leg down with a faraway look in his eyes. For a moment Frigga worried over his state of mind until abruptly as the state had come, it had passed. Thor smiled in wonder as if she had just revealed the secrets of the universe to him and him alone. Without so much as a wipe to his crumb filled greasy beard, he bestowed a hearty kiss to his mothers brow and rose from his seat in a mighty sweep of cape and armor.
Truly, now that he thought of it, it was a rather obvious ploy to distract the humans with the one thing that could surpass all their other needs: Greed.
The God cleared his throat and shot a disgruntled look to the Soldier. Who merely blinked in innocent confusion, far too innocent in Loki’s opinion and went about to helping the clumsy, giggling maidens to set their meal. Frigga followed the Captain’s gestures with an undecipherable smile.
“Which one was that again?” Sif asked, turning to blink blearily at Hogun who simply shrugged and said.
Loki’s magic fainted and drained and the mirage of Thor was lost. Leaving Loki panting for breath under the human who held on tight to his neck and beckoned with his free hand for Mjolnir. The hammer that had sat unobtrusively by the chamber doors flew eagerly to the Captains open palm.
Here is the next chapter! I'm sorry for the long wait, my mental health took a dive and I was not fit for anything really. I really appretiate all of you who reviewed asking after me and who worried, I am fine now and will try to go back to writing, health permitting.
Steven pursed his lips into a fine, pink line at the overt hostility in Starks tone and the underling meaning “People are free to love whoever they want, it’s about time they could do so openly as well” The captain met Starks eyes with a firm, unwavering gaze “But yes, many gays in my time, as in any other century; just less haunted now then back in my day”
The Director eyed the proffered communicator and shook his head, pushing it back to the Captain’s chest “Nah, keep it, in case you feel like kicking Goldilocks here to the curve one of these days.”
“Captain America!” A man shouted, jarring Steve out of his silent mourning. The Captain turned, finally noticing the Jet with the Council Women and Men having landed some feet away, over a pile of charred bodies no less. Steve felt bile rise to his throat, then he glanced at General Ross, approaching with a smug, starstruck grin in his face.
The shouts continued for a long while, Odin’s guards gripping their weapons at the ready as the people’s love for their Queen threatened to turn into a bloody affair towards their charge. Thor gazed onto his brother, his slender face devoid of fear, of any emotion, as his green eyes stared resolutely forward, hands shackled and helpless under their people’s hate.
“I cannot believe you could be so reckless” Odin blowed “Would you care to explain why Asgard had to part with yet another coffer of gold because of your asinine endeavors?”
“Heimdall!” Thor span in a frantic leap and waving of arms, accidently knocking over Steven’s work off its stand and shattering with a tremendous crash on the marbled floor.
Far away in the King’s private chambers, Odin and Frigga prepared to settle in their bed for the night when the sounds of loud pounding and furniture snapping resounded in their bedroom. Frigga startled, face pale and hands wrung tightly in her lap.
Odin’s eye gleamed with unmitigated power, a smile promising destruction and death freezing the warrior in her place.
Laura bit her lip, an embarrassed blush gracing her olive skin “I think I felt a contraction” she fibbed, fanning her face with a flannel.
“We’re sorry, Steve” The children chorused, eyes blown wide like cartoons and little mouths turned downwards in sad curves.
The Captain released the Hammer but kept his hand in the air symbolically, calling still to the bond and soon, those ham-fisted caresses of his soul were back and Thor gave him a watery grin full of tender emotion.
Steve nodded, head tilted for the near manic gaze from his husband “Yeah, I have that meeting with the UN for the inauguration of the monument and that other meeting with Director Fury for the Strike team.”
Thor curled unto himself on the marbled floor, his arousal all but shriveled and holding himself in a comforting ball, rocking slightly as he mentally cleansed himself of the horrendous slip. To his right, a door opened and thus entered Steven, humming softly to himself, his beautiful eyes blinking wide and innocent at the sight of his husband laying on the floor in a fetal position while his evil brother in law stretched and arched shamelessly in his bed.
Thor smiled softly at the man, taking the Captain’s hand in his own in a whim of courage much to the Soldier’s surprise. “I would give you the whole of Asgards treasures if that would help you come to love my world as much as I love yours”
Steven sighed loudly, setting his hands on his slim hips and letting his head hang “Thor, our friends can’t stay here for a whole week. You know that.”
He burst into the dungeon halls like a force of nature. Startling some of the prisoners on his way as he came to the magical hold were his bother waited. Loki stood with a crooked grin on his wicked face.
The Widow laughed charmingly and bestowed a parting kiss to the Captain’s cheek; leaving a dark, red imprint of her plump lips for Thor to frown upon.
On the other side of the Royal halls, Frigga lay quietly next to her slumbering husband, tears pouring endlessly down her temples, lips pursed tight in a thin, white line; barely keeping her sobs at bay as she silently cried herself to sleep.
Jane sighed and laid her fine chin over their clasped hands, falling and rising with Thor’s every breath. Her face serious now as the fog of climax left her sharp mind.
Later Tony found himself pissing drunk in his workshop, eyes stinging, puffy red, and he had managed to keep it just under 2 and a half hours. He coughed to clear his sore throat, from all the wailing or drinking, he could only guess. In front of him, in faded papers so old they had become brittle and yellowed, was everything he had ever dreamed of.
To the other side of the guest halls, the Guardian’s of the Galaxy sat silently around a platter of forgotten foods as they all stared in alarm and awe at the wall where the sounds of voracious lovemaking originated and ended with a name.
the hell out of the Captain. Right there, on the flimsy terrace table in that hole in the wall restaurant. Hell, by the looks of it, even the Hulk had the hots for the Soldier.
Odin scrutinized his frowning son with a blank expression, as they both held silence until they were the last left in the hallways.
“That’s different, Stark.” Stern barked “That was a weapon, this is a human being, a free American citizen we’re talking about.”
“Sure was” Steven agreed; voice low in the dark of their bedroom as he caressed Thor’s arms wrapped warmly around his midriff absentmindedly “You don’t think we will get in trouble for all the… mess?”
“Is this what you wish my son?” She asked, so very lost as Thor had never seen her be, and for a moment, he could almost believe her question was another “Would this make you happy?”
“Nor do I ask it of you” Thor amended “Only for you to allow me and try to make this burden lighter on your shoulders” Thor smiled, feeling shy all of a sudden under the searching eyes of his husband to be “We are together in this, you see… and will be together for the rest of our lives” He worked around a sudden knot of emotion in his throat and confessed “I wish you to know that you will never be alone with your troubles again, for you now have me to share them”
Steve opened his mouth to reply, no doubt to defend the honor of his burgeoning idiot of a husband when a series of screams and crashes were heard from outside. The royal halls filled with the sounds of swords clashing and cries of death. The Captains eyes blew wide and Loki grinned like a shark.
“Certainly!” Thor boomed, a devilish smile on his face, better fit on Loki’s face as he guided the Captain to the Royal carriage “I even heard he was eager for a rematch”
The answering cries of delight were loud enough to nearly make Steve deaf, but he laughed gamely at the doctor’s joke, happy that he was beginning to feel comfortable enough to cause mischief with the children. To not be constantly crippled with the fear of himself. And if a couple of laughs at his expanse was the price to pay for that, he thought that wasn’t half bad a deal.
“I have spent my days in Asgard mingling with the crowds and word of the Captain is getting hotter by the minute. So you would understand that while business deals are made, there will always be other contenders to take interest”
Norn’s above, but Steven was gorgeous. In the soft shadows of their tent, only the moonlight shining shyly through the laps of curtains; his husband was a sight to behold and
Frigga smiled at him and kissed his thin lips lovingly, pulling him gently out of Steve’s rooms with only a worried glance backward to her wounded son, kneeling and bleeding on the polished marble floor. Steve’s heart went to her and tried to meet her eyes, to let her know not to worry, that he would look after her son. That he was
“Sure know how to make a fella feel welcomed” Steve said to himself, passing his hands through his unkept hair and sighing deeply.
“You have saved my people; you have my gratitude.” The All Father pronounced, standing tall by his reassembling forces “Come, let us feast our victory and celebrate the union of my sons. You shall have a place of honor in my table.”
Thor dropped Mjolnir with a careless flick of his wrist, the stormy clouds that had gathered above clearing into the sunny day it had been in prompt succession. The people in the stands stared openly at the God, hair in near dreadlocks of knots, clothes and armor askew.
“What is the meaning of this!” Odin shouted, and from then on, Thor could only lament his existence.
Two mortal men appeared in a flash of multicolored lights, similar looks of astonishment on their faces. Thor barely noticed the Director standing next to the bewildered Captain.
“Thank you, for sharing this with me” Steven said softly, taking her hand in his and giving a tender clench of silent companionship. Sif bit her lips to stop the tremble, gratitude settling in her heart and the ties of a new friendship and loyalty bound themselves to her soul.
“I don’t need you to be sorry.” Nebula barked, voice wrought and shaky “I need you to be my sister... I need you to stay.”
He peaked under the table in a frantic attempt to produce the man into the room where he very clearly wasn’t anymore. His breathing accelerated, short and labored as panic gripped him tight.
“I will count the seconds” Thor called after him, watching the man go and finally finding a flaw to the Captains new attire. That cape impeded the glorious view of Steven’s behind.
Her younger son smiled tenderly, as he had not smiled for her in so long “You still have me” He whispered warmly, so soft it could only be for her heart to catch. Slowly, Frigga settled in her son’s arms, gripping his hands tightly there where they curled around her belly, drawing comfort from the embrace as she nodded to herself.
“I trust you are enjoying your lessons” Thor probed, feeling still unbalanced after his meeting with the elder master, though Steven remained blissfully unaware as he grinned wide for the God and nodded eagerly.
“Sir?” Jarvis called, his voice crisp and proper “It is nearly 5pm, Happy is waiting outside with a car for you”
As he saw Steven clasp hands with the Man of Iron, he held his head high and fought back the wave of troubled feelings as he was once more confronted by that particular problem he had overlooked. The only comfort the God held now was that those feelings were strictly one-sided. Steven was still only his, now and forever.
“I know… that language.” Steve tutted, purposely misdirecting. Whatever the Director had hid from him, why he had been forced to hide from the court for these last few weeks, he knew the man enough now to trust he had his best interest in heart.
Only a second later, both brothers broke into uncontrollable laughter, positively howling at the ridicularity of the situation. The other prisoners rousing with the combined roaring of the Odinsons, as they banged on their cells for quiet. “Shut up you bloody bastards!”
The Widow sighed sweetly as she pulled away from the Soldier “No more goodbyes, I’ll see you soon enough, Cap.”
He knew, even with all the assurances of all around him, that this was coming and he could feel it, as surely as he felt the vibration of his shield under his hands, he knew that Asgard was not to be played, or stalled, they would stop at nothing to take what they perceived theirs, if Thor and Loki were any indication of what their people were like. They would not take kindly to rejection, not from the humans, a race they believed so bellow them that the thought of being denied by them was not only beyond laughable, but mortally offensive.
What had been of good Mr. Tom? A seasoned bachelor and immigrant, his only connections to the world being Steve and the grocer’s shop.
“It’s ok buddy” Stark consoled. “I believed you, back to the peanut gallery with you. Now, who’s next?”
That same afternoon, their friends revealed their need to part, Thor felt in his heart the Captain’s despair, quickly hidden from sight as the Avenger’s went about packing away.
And Tony had just given everything away. It was only right, justice served even. One merchant of death for the pinnacle of freedom. Seemed fair.
Thor followed the Captains gaze and finally understood why the harsh awkwardness had come forth between the two Avengers.
Another round of laughter and the man mounted the animal, another opening the metallic door as the Bull sprung forward. Its leap being cut short abruptly and forcing it back in a violent flip. The Beast landed in a cloud of dirt and screams of pain, as the vulgar man was crushed under the weight.
Steve turned fully towards the All Father. Shoulders rigid and back straight. “You mean to say you played to be judge, jury and executioner”
Thor bit his lip as his thoughts continued to circle around his doubts, his heart heavy and troubled with his insecurities.
“Ha!” The All Father barked, tilting his head to the side as the thumping coming from the Bedding rooms became harsher and fast and punishing in a pistoning rhythm, culminating in a tremendous crash of bodies and broken glass.
Thor leaned in eagerly as he explained “We have great wise men versed in the plentiful arts of the universe: Painting, Sculping, Ringerike”
“You” Thor replied sincerely. Enjoying the harrumph cut off by a yawn as the Captain settled down on his back with a sigh.
And so it began, easy strokes of their swords meeting in steady attacks. Lady Sif was unusually gentle in her teachings, stopping plenty of times to correct instead of taking advantage and punishing the Captain for his missteps with a tap of her sword, as she is wont to do in any other occasion.
Thor hurried to divest in the dark marbled room, near falling in the steaming baths as he struggled to undo his mother’s work. Even now seeming to Thor to be on purpose to dissuading the marriage consummation. And Thor quickly shook his head of that, the implications too dark and horrible to dwell on in such a time as this. Once in the nude Thor produced the bag he had ordered be placed in the rooms, gleeful to find it resting snugly by the towels and toiletries.
No. Steven would not continue to touch him as he did if that were the case, and that delightful flush he acquired when they shared their daily kisses was not the reaction of a man uninterested.
What a horrible thing to think, that all this time, the Captain could be hurting so, and Thor would never have known, had he not seen it with his own eyes. Thor curled over the Captain, embracing him tighter to his chest as he rocked them together gently. Placing random kisses to his brow, his cheeks, his fluttering eyelids until his breathing calmed, and the shaking stopped.
Frigga shook her head minutely, trying and failing to meet Thor’s inquiring eyes when caught in Loki’s beseeching,
“Not when I get my hands on you, you won’t!” The Director yelled “And you, Fabio!” He growled at a handcuffed and thoroughly shaken Frandal “I see your face again around here and I’m gone rip those curly whiskers of your stupid ass face!”
The nerve of this man. Steve scoffed and dipped the baby potato into the cheese. Missing the way Tony’s eyes followed the motion as he pressed the combined foods past his bashfully smiling lips and into his mouth.
And with but a touch of the God’s hand to the Kree’s head, the Accuser was swarmed by light, a howl of pain tearing out of his throat as the power of Odin’s will tore the man down to atoms, until nothing was left of the Alien but the memory of his harrowing screams.
After the dramatic events of Loki’s stunted trial, Steven and Thor sat silently with their unexpected charge in their waiting rooms, only the sound of the dark God’s furious tapping of his foot and the vicious grinding of his teeth filling the space between the bewildered men.
Steve felt himself grow still and cold as the children talked one over the other, each prompting the other further into their excited musings.
Loki attempted to roll out from under the man only to feel the crushing weight of the Hammer press him to the ground in an unescapable grip. His breaths grew harder to draw as he glared at the Soldier resentfully.
The Captain allowed the troubled God’s attempt at humor and barked a soft laugh “Thank you Thor, but I think I’ll pass on that.”
For all the stature and mass the captain possessed, Steven fought as a man half his size would. Fencing in and out of reach, using Thor’s strength against him and hitting were it hurt.
“Aye” Thor nodded and turned fully to the fogged mirage of his betrothed “Where did you hear of these creatures, Steven?”
“See you blew it!” Barton whispered in the near screaming voice he had ordered him to quiet down. Glaring as Stark marched back toward them with an eager step.
Later that night Thor found himself surrounded by most of his dearest persons. His betrothed, smiling and chatting as brightly as he had not in so long; his childhood friends, the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, who had been overjoyed by the earthly concept of Stag parties and joined their Lord in this tradition, and his Shield Brothers, all sitting in one of Asgards gaudiest taverns and drinking mead like seasoned connoisseurs.
Pepper shrieked and clamped her thighs around his ears, near muffling her high-pitched noises as Tony worshipped her with everything he had. He pushed another finger in, his thumb coming up to press firmly against her abused clit and his pinky grazed the tiny furrowed hole just below. Pepper came with a blood curling scream.
He went in a spiral of denial and desperately grasped and clung to Pepper, acceding to everything she asked for, anything she wished, just so she would stay. He renounced to Iron Man, he removed the arc reactor, he gave her a ring, for fucks sake. Anything and everything, so she would look past the fact that she now shared ownership of his heart with another, and maybe, she held a smaller percentage to her name.
“That’s on Earth, you idiot.” Fury snarled, gun still at the ready though his posture not as threatening as before, his dark orb eyeing the intruders, measuring and calculating “What’s a human doing here?”
“I wasn’t that drunk…” Steven affronted, mouthing still at the God’s bobbing Adam’s apple “I remember everything… I remember
The walk to the Bifrost was an animated one. As the good Doctor inquired extensively of the science behind the travel, Thor himself could not revisit the facts entirely, but what he had learned he shared freely to the starry-eyed Scientist.
Later that afternoon, Thor returned from his mother’s chambers with a grand smile. His mother’s wellbeing and now Loki’s ensured safety coming together to lighten his spirits and dispel the horrible tension he had held in his heart since dawn.
Thor stifled a groan and cleared his voice twice before speaking: “Captain, forgive me for interrupting your sleep”
Thor blushed crimson and snickered into the Captain’s neck in intervals, both swaying softly to Steven’s soft crooning and melodious humming of the Midgardian tune. Booming a startled laugh when the Captain dared to give him a spin, his silken dress flaring wide charmingly.
“Steven, meet Tanngnjostr and Tanngrisnir.” Thor boomed proudly, entering the stall with an excited step and crouching down with arms open wide “Come here you handsome beasts!” The goats sprinted forth and knocked the God on his back with a combined headbutt, causing Thor to erupt in elated laughter as he took hold of their horns and bumped their heads to each other in greeting, turning then to his bemused spouse with a proud grin. “They will pull our cart.”
The man raised the hammer and brought forth a string of lightning. Heimdall spun out of reach, his eye catching the flight of the shield as he feinted forward onto the unprotected man, his sword raised high to clash with Mjolnir in a howl of magic. He was stunned for a second, and that was his downfall.
“I guess we should speak of this sooner rather than later.” Thor whispered back, clenching the still limp hand of the Soldier in his own, rubbing circles into the uncharacteristically cold limb. “Aye, I do yearn for a child.”
Thor frowned but settled again on the floor “I fear I see not what happens in the kingdom, I do not know Asgard as well as I thought…” Thor pursed his lips to a thin, frustrated line. Even Loki in the depths of Asgards dungeons had caught wind of the Captain’s charms. Word was truly a dangerous weapon.
The God lost the fight with his tender emotions and dared to skim his fingers over the curled lashes, retreating his hand at the warm tickle against his digits, like butterfly wings batting under his fingertips.
And so he stepped away from his husband, stumbling back to sit in the long settees next to the high arches of the open windows, admiring Asgards night skyline with a quaking, heavy soul “When you are ready and you truly wish it so.”
“It’s impossible” Hogun breathed, eyes wide and face pale as they observed in silence how the Captain began to bend the Giant’s arm, inch by inch.
Thor glared but could not avoid his eyes from darting at the door on the other side of the room, where his Captain had disappeared in joy. “Does Steven know?”
“Please don’t Tony” Her face was rigid, and cold. Her eyes pink rimmed, sign that she had been crying.
“Nat” He smiled, leaning forward as the spy came to the tip of her toes and pressed a chaste kiss to his cheek “I’ll see you again soon”
Loki heaved a deep sigh of contentment as he stood outside of his cell, eyes meeting with the prisoner to the left, the giant dark elf, his dark eyes looking on in silent approval and a wide grin took over the mirror visage of the Crown Prince. His large palm extending to the controls as he unlocked and released the guarding cells.
Thor cleared his throat and continued his tale “Frandal was hurt and mortally offended, he was very young still, barely out of boyhood… he took Loki’s rejection very much to heart.”
Odin sat back in his Throne, hand curled tightly around his staff. Eyeing the sole person in the great halls with quiet consideration.
“Thor” The Captain gritted out his tightly clenched teeth to his husband “This is the exact limp I got from
So when Steven pulled Thor into the most hearty, filthy, passionate kiss he had had this side of the Galaxy, Thor could only let himself be used, his toes curling as the Soldier’s tongue wrote laws and sonnets with his own.  The God felt his body melt under the Captain’s expert ministrations, a mewl escaping his otherwise occupied mouth when the man nibbled on his lips.
“Perhaps” A deep voice halted the heated argument rising between the Mortal men, and the whole royal wing turned to face the newcomer. A fresh, barely bruised Heimdall stood in his regal finery, his presence in a feast a novelty enough to halt any proceedings. The usually isolated man looming over their table with his severe All Seeing eyes “I could help you, Captain”
The man Thor had professed his love to in a daze of fulfilled passion. Whose unbelievable preserved innocence charmed and ignited him and who had been his,
Steven arched an eyebrow and pulled him to his work, there in many shades of gold and amber was the likeliness of the dark God. Thor took a moment to appreciate the masterful strokes that began to create the mirage of Heimdall, but ultimately, he was drawn to the eyes. Always the eyes.
“Would you like that?” Thor asked, taking the Captains hands there were they laid frozen on the binder of all the Houses Thor had compiled for them. The Captain struggled once more, his throat working and jaw clenching over nothing as he battled the emotions rising in his chest.
“Uhm, Steve?” Tony called, looking at the Captain with and awkward grimace “What you doing there buddy?”
“I will not return empty handed to my king” Heimdall warned, aware of the eyes of the Worthy One holding his without an ounce of hesitation, or discomfort, when faced with his All Seeing gaze. Heimdall was impressed at the courage of the man, if not his intellect, to bargain his fate on a test of skills with an entity older than his mountains.
as we can.” The God pointedly said, prompting a startled, shy glance from the Soldier before coming to lay a comforting hand to the man’s trembling shoulder “You are of Asgard now, Captain. It would always come to this.”
Really eager to read your thoughts on this, lots of plot in this one, let's see how much we catch on to no?
“Save your sentiment, Odinson” He snarled “and leave me in peace. I am not your blood or your friend to have to console you every time your stupidity overwhelms you. Leave and take Odin’s sick plots with you, I want no part in your disgusting family. I have suffered it enough!”
Some of the guards tried to shuffle forward and Steve almost wished they had, already spoiling for another fight to spill out his frustration, but the All Father held them back with a raised hand, giving Steve a considering look.
Thor and the other Asgardians at the table nodded to the bemused human holding a stray coin in his nimble fingers.
The following week of Odin’s visit to Earth had set the entire world in a frenzy. After the vow had been spoken, the All Father had parted with not so much as glance back to the awestruck Earthlings who took but a moment to react and scramble like excited children and grapple at Mjolnir with all the composure of a wilder beasts.
“Heimdall, by the Norn’s!” Thor crowed, dismounting his stallion with a booming laugh of glee “He did that to you?”
They drank and laughed and cheered well into the night. The Warrior Three had accepted the usually shy Doctor and taciturn Widow in their midst as if one of their own, sharing stories and attempting to drink one another under the table. For a pair of mortals, the Avengers had the alcohol resistance of a Bilgesnipe and soon only Valstagg, the Widow and the Doctor could form coherent words.
“No more lies” Odin roared, as a black tread wove its way bloody on Loki’s lips, sewing them shut stitch by stitch “No more mischief!”
“Do we have any clothes here?” Steven asked, covered only by a fluffy towel hanging low on his slim hips. Thor licked his lips as he sat in his loincloths, waiting for his turn in the baths after ripping his dress to strips in his pursuit of the Captain; unabashed in his near nakedness and enjoying the slow flush rising in his husbands’ fair skin at the scrutiny.
The Captain continued in a harried voice “What would you call a four legged, horned, furry thing; maybe say 8 or nine feet tall, foul breath and
When he finally landed near the old camper, antennas and other mindboggling lab equipment sprouting of it’s every surface. He smiled broadly, chest heaving as if he had run the thousands of miles between them instead of parting the skies in his need to reach his love.
The Hammer hit the shield, the stone pulsing bright as it infused its power to the weapon. But the shield did not budge, it did not crack. Ronan’s eyes widened at the sight of the mortal man holding back the power of an infinity stone, clenched jaw and eyes shining. The Captain not only held the attack at bay, he began to
“Do it” The Director ordered, finally tearing himself from his silent perch by the wall, his stony eye set on the kneeling master and offering a hand “You will teach the Captain, starting today”
Thor laughed heartily at the fumbling quip and laid a steadying hand on the Captains shoulder. “If you succeed to lift it. I will happily wear the gown”
“Well, I guess this is goodbye” Tony snorted inelegantly as he fumbled with his words and chose to bluff under the Soldiers lovely gaze “How many times are we going to do this? Because let me tell you it’s starting to lose some of it’s luster.”
“Says who?” The Archer shot back, fiddling with his bow as he walked towards the conference room door “America is a free country and there is no warrant on you.”
Frigga watched her son go with her heart in her throat, aching for the trust her boy bestowed on her and she would betray irreparably this very day. Turning to the sleep rumpled and flushed Captain, Frigga smiled and placed a gentle hand on the man’s knee.
Thor grinned happily and turned to Heimdall with a saucy wink, apropos of it all “And of course it’s a gift”
She then sends a subtle but pointed look at the increasingly uncomfortable Captain. A majestic, disapproving frown adorning his fair features as he observed the proceedings. Though Thor thought he could see perhaps, just a twinkle of amusement in his sky-like eyes.
“Oh, that reminds me” Thor crawled to a crouch next to the magic cell, dipping a hand into his heavy cloak and pulling a small parcel from its cozy hiding, still warm from being kept close to his side. “Steven sends his regards”
The All Father sighed at his forlorn son “We may not always like the paths to peace, but ultimately, peace must outweigh it all. You are a good man, Thor.” The God of Thunder rose his head in a jolt, amazed by the tender admission of his usually stoic Father, who smiled proudly to his Heir “ And one day, you will grow to be a good King, as well…”
Steven frowned at this, his righteous brow furrowed at the misdeed, Thor could not fight the swell of tenderness in his chest as he confided his best hidden secret.
“Calm yourself, Stark” The spy drawled, completely unperturbed at the threat of losing his only eye. “He’s safe, I had to take some precautions, you see. You’re a bit of a loose cannon” Nick strolled past him, siting in the chair where not 5 hours ago Steve had sat, shoulders slumped, and eyes dulled. “Wasn’t sure you would come through”
“I have lost him, I know it.” Thor moaned into the pillow- his precious Steven pillow- allowing himself to spiral down into despair under Loki’s disdainful glare “I should have spoken with him, asked for his consent. Now I have lost his trust, he will leave and I will never see him again.”
“You wished to be an artist.” Thor realized, his thoughts going back to Frandals assessment and cursing the little cunt once again for being right, and then himself thrice for not listening. Steven shrugged once more, self-depicting as he should never be.
Once the cushion had been procured, Thor relaxed into the soft and luscious tapestry, eyeing the Soldier with open hunger while the man walked forward, massaging a kink that must have formed in his neck after the short nap. The Captain caught Thor’s gaze and flushed delightfully, his eyes squinting as he scoffed: “Eyes are up here, pal”
Thor grinned lasciviously, coming closer to loom over the Captain’s workstation. “Really? tell me more of these modern songs, Husband.”
“What say you, Steven?” Thor grinned fervently up to his handsome Captain “Care for a game of cards?”
the shower wall, kissing her wet back all over, gently spreading her cheeks to reveal the tight little hole that lay in between. He struggled to keep his mind in the present and not let it wander as he prepared her gently, with soft presses of his fingers in her warm, silky walls.
Thor had never enjoyed a bar fight quite this much in all his centuries of life, throwing punches and tables around the room while sporting a massive erection, fighting back to back with the man he would call husband but a few hours away.
Thor roared in laughter, tapping his tankard with the red headed giant in gleeful bursts. Frandal sighed ever more enamored “It would be worth the pain if the pain was caused by his divine hands!”
As Steve entered his rooms, he took a deep breath and barely managed to close the door behind him before he began to rip off the ridiculous cape from his back in harsh tugs. Wincing in shame as he heard hissing rips of the fine fabric under his ruthless hands.
Thor thought back to his own sparring session with the Captain and could only agree with his friend’s statement. That day he had felt the first stirs of attraction for the Soldier, his soul even then calling for the man; of course, Thor had been blind and deaf to not realize this sooner.
Loki brought a fist to his chest, making Steven’s face slack with wonder as his tender blue eyes gaze to the skies, voice deep and low with open devotion “God bless
The man shot his arms to the sides, gripping at nothing, fingers scrambling over the silk sheets for purches and convulsing over the pillows as Thor lent down and swallowed his cock whole.
Odin sat on his throne, his staff, Gungnir, held firmly in his hand. His lone eye set on his most trusted General. Heimdall. As he knelt before him in the great halls.
“Hey” Tony chirped, face a mask of cheer as he joined his teammates “How about I triple it and we leave this shack right now?”
. Jealous he was indeed, non to gently shoving aside chattering spectators and taking long strides towards the Captain, who stood tall and so, so very gorgeous Thor felt his eyes sting.
Steven grinned, that devious curl of lips that never failed to make Thor’s blood boil, and took the Giant’s hand in his own “As I’ll ever be, on the count of three”
“ha, ha, Thor…” Steven’s eyes widened in shock as the God gazed on, serious as death “really? That bad?”
And before Thor could correct the man and give a proper, truly thorough kiss, the Captain jumped to his feet and shot around the room with the hearty excitement of a young child in a sweet’s shop. Gasping and laughing at each new trinket he encountered, shouting his laughter as he found a record player and some large, black disks with large carton sleeves announcing many random Midgardian Artists. The Captain barked a loud, amused cackle as he eyed one called Marvin Gaye and shot Thor a thrilling, wicked grin.
“I was part of his guard, I simply took advantage of the opportunity presented to me in such a situation” Frandal fibbed and waved away Volstagg’s statement, circling the ring where he and Lady Sif danced with their swords, his eyes turning vicious as he spoke “I am surprised that you have known him for so long and never noticed his penchant to admire man’s most gentle craft”
“You sure that’s a good idea, Cap?” Tony asked, mechanical monotone as he was fully armored as soon as the first of the thunder had rolled in the sky.
Thor’s head shot up instantly, receiving a swat from Natasha and a sharp command from Barton: “Be cool man, it’s a surprise!”
Loki followed the Soldier through the palace halls with little clue of what to expect of the Captain’s sour mood. His plan to cause trouble for Thor had worked perfectly, and in reality it was bound to happen eventually. Only Thor could believe that a lie of such magnitude would hold against time…
Steven sat up in a second, making Thor release a disparaging whine as he took his warmth and attentions with him. The Soldier rose a haughty brow at the pouting God who could only make gabbing hands at the man.
Steve sat in contented silence in his antechamber balcony, sketching Asgards golden skyline with avid hands. The city was dreamlike in its resplendent glory, but he was sure he could never dream up something so beautiful on his own. A knock to his right pulled him from his private musings. He turned his head towards the chamber doors with a surprised frown.
Thor flew fast and steady, his chest filled with joy. Loki was clever, but in this he was wrong, he knew; Odin would not wish him a cold future next to someone of holy blood. No, the All Father had become soft in his old age, his steely wisdom warmed by the centuries of love and peace with his family, the most recent loss only melting his resolve and relaxing his once unbreakable iron fist.
Heimdall stood in Asgards great halls much later, face bruised, his All Seeing eyes shot red and swollen shut, golden armor askew and torn, but most worrying of all; he was grinning wide and bloody before the All Father’s horrified eye.
Steve grit his teeth, his jaw working to contain his anger and give a polite response to the enraged and short fused God in front of him, measuring him. “I’m not very good with a sword, your Highness”
Surprise muted the room, the aggression leaking out of the room like water spilling from a broken glass. Thor watched his father’s face form the first expression since their arrival and his heart wrenched at the sight. Odin was mourning.
Gamora fought back the tears of heart wrecking relief as she bowed deeply for the God “Thank you, All Father…” She turned to leave before halting after a step, head tilting thoughtfully as she whispered over her shoulder to the imposing man “One last thing, if I may, my King.”
“Again?” Thor near whined, his deep voice raising with frustration and shooting a piqued glare towards his brother, receiving a matching blistering look. Steve pursed his lips and spoke out quickly before the Godly pair devolved to rude faces and poking tongues.
“I’ve been thinking a lot, since I saw the news this morning” Pepper started, he voice deceptively calm while her hands fiddled on her green blouse, the one Tony had always liked because it brought out the red in her hair. “I think we need to talk about Steve”
“Fucking… “ The Director hissed, arm flopping and gun waving in frustrated disbelieve before turning back to the other human. “So your plan was what? Kidnap the Captain?”
“He is not wedded yet and until he is, I get the final say” The fierce Director declared, pushing the elderly Head of Arts into Steven’s rooms “now go back in there and get to teaching”
Irritation began to climb and Loki was woefully reminded of the years of learning side by side. Where Loki did most of the learning and Thor mostly blinked through it all.
Thor shrieked and leapt out of the bed in a heap of furs and blankets, stumbling backwards blindly until the back of his thighs hit the balcony rail and was gracelessly kicked off the high platform by a furious Director.
“I mean it” She insisted, laying her chin on his scars “You have the biggest heart of anyone I have ever met, whatever piece I hold of it, is still far more than I would get from anyone else”
The Captain panted and watched him closely, the intelligent master tactician coming afore now as he eyed Thor from head to toe.
The Captain pursed his lips and tried again “What I mean to say is, we have a little something we like to do.”
He caught hold of her naked hips, one hand curling under her, clasping a handful of her pert cheeks and the other gripped the bunched belt that was her skirt, gripping it like a reign and pulling her lower half up off the couch and onto his face.
Thor pursed his lips to impede a smile as he took hold of the Captain’s hand, turning it over in his own with tender care “I am not wise enough a man to appreciate beauty from another’s perspective. But if it is from your eyes, I am sure I could come to love it dearly…”
The Captain straddled his back, his arms twisted in an unbreakable grip, unimaginable for a Human. Thor twitched and huffed short, troubled breaths. He felt the Captain’s hot, minty breath hit his sweaty face as the man whispered playfully in his ear: “Do you yield?”
Master Bragi glared, but did not budge. Steven would not receive singing classes. Thor was relieved and intrigued in equal measures, he began to plot ways to convince the Captain to gift him a song in one of their future courting days…
Steve kept his composure as well as he could as he shook hands with the uncharacteristically silent warriors, avoiding making any comment about their true purpose as Frandal bravely spoke of possible hunting routes to be taken the next couple of days. The very obvious exclusion of self a thing that weighted heavily on all of them.
As they assembled in a large, opulent room with many elderly royal councilors and spokesmen sitting around a beautifully crafted map of the realms Steve had to physically suppress the urge to wander over and appreciate the mastery of the artful piece. Fury had no such qualms as he near dragged the Captain to his side, deliberately sitting on the opposite side of the room from Odin and in between him and the rest of the gathered noble men.
As Steven turned to thank the giggling maidens for his tea, noticing from the corner of his eye how the Queen shifted in her seat, a quick flash of steel catching the light as a dagger was palmed on the Goddesses’ thigh.
“How did you grow up so fast, my precious little sun?” Frigga wept, gripping the larger body to her chest as if she could force it down, make it smaller, so it could fit again in her arms, snuggling to her breast as he used to when he was but a newborn babe.
“I think we all did” Bruce chuckled a bit self-consciously, trying and failing to keep his eyes from dipping below the Soldier’s neck. Steve felt his face flush scarlet and hurried to dab all the sugary mess away.
He remembered having that argument, he had not thought much of Old Mister Tom since he had first came out of the ice, checking out names of friends, both dead or demented, like one checks off a grocery list.
“Whatever you wish, Captain” Thor vowed vehemently, sitting still on the sofa, reeling from the feather light kiss and fighting the urge to hunt the Soldier down for more. “These are all yours”
That morning Steven had spent with a council of Mages and Nobel wise men, discussing in sage tones the reparations of the damaged UN building, what fortifications could be woven into the reconstruction and finally, Steven dared ask for a monument.
“It was nothing, really” Quill said proudly, making no effort to humility as he set his voice in a lower, huskier tone, making Thor frown at the similarity to his own “we were just extremely heroic, and valiant… and manly…”
“What are you doing?” Thor barked. The other avengers screaming at the Captain in a series of excited or horrified tones.
“Yeah, sure.” Quill scratched the back of his head, recuperating quickly form his mishap and grinning winningly “And if you guys ever need anything, and we are around…”
“What you’re talking about is slavery, Stark.” Senator Stern recuperated first, snarling weakly at him as he fought to regain composure.
Quill winced and scratched his head abashedly “Yeah, I wouldn’t know, haven’t been to Earth in nearly 30 years.” The human sighed heavily “I hope she is”
“Fear not, Mother” Thor pacified, holding Frigga’s hand in his own. “Steven is a gentle soul; you will come to love him entirely”
Not a second later, an explosion as Asgard had never seen before, quaked the earth beneath their feet, glass shattering above and pillars cracking under the force of the backfire.
“Steven.” Thor growled, ripping himself out of his surprise and prowling forward towards his retreating, cheeky husband.
Steve readjusted his grip on the Hammer, getting a good hold of the artifact as he finally acknowledged it’s call since the first time he held her in his hand. A bond knitted to the very core of his soul that he had fought so desperately to ignore.
And just as Thor began to lean in search for more of his due of ‘goodnight kisses’ when the Captain once again surpassed all expectations and began to lay slow, wet kisses up the expanse of the God’s neck, goosebumps rising and littering his skin as the Soldier placed skimping caresses and then nibbled there where Thor’s pulse surged and raced.
“Will you be wearing anything under them?” Thor called after his retreating husband, voice husky as he sprawled back on the couch and closed his eyes in extasy “Describe them to me.”
“There will be war” Thor cried, purposely deceiving “The Captain is a Legendary warrior of Earth, a priced hero. They will not surrender him to a joke”
“Elsewhere” The shrill woman on Heimdall’s list all but snarled “Where he will remain until we have a signed accord”
“I’m not stupid Stark, we are going to lose a legend in the next days, but we still have you” Fury set his disturbingly sharp glare on Tony, full of expectation and something close to respect “Why do you think I gave you those papers, I could’ve well gone out of my way to let the council know of the Captain’s real rights, but I gave them to you instead.”
He wrapped his arms around the man, a selfish act if he ever did one. Breathing in that fresh, clean, evergreen scent of the Captain’s skin. A stolen moment of intimacy disguised as comfort. Steve wrapped his thick arms around Tony and held him just so. And for a moment Tony could almost fool himself that yes, the Captain knew what he wanted, that he wanted him, just him.
He had said his goodbyes to Sam, grateful beyond words and gone to bed, for once free of the despair that had curled and settled in his heart. He had slept like a babe.
“Then why don’t you release him from your vow?”  Frigga probed. Laying her head on his armored shoulder, like she had that very morning in their wedding bed and had done so for millennia. Like she would hopefully do for many more to come.
Thor shrugged as he went back to setting the goats into their leases “Loki and I made them immortal… Accidently.”
Heimdall faced him blankly and turned to walk away as Thor called after him, shaking with restrained laughter.
So when Steve had walked in at the party, Tony had freaked. Everything came back to him, all he had held down, hid and buried under elaborate lies and sweet promises had come to light at the sight of those baby blues and that fucking perfect smile.
“The Lord is my shepherd” Director Fury recited, drawing a small rosary out of his long trench coat and fondling the worn beads with practiced hands “and he will find his herd no matter how far it strays. For he who is with the Lord, never walks alone.”
Tony did a double take as the uniformed man turned to face the door as it slid open. Steve stood in the middle of the room, not 4 feet away from the table he and Pepper had had wild, animal sex at the thought of him. Dressed in his uniform blues, formal jacket decorated with so many medals it was probably more bulletproof than Kevlar. Perfectly ironed lines, the waist to shoulder ratio so defined Tony’s eyes nearly rolled back into his skull as a wave of undiluted lust licked its way down his spine directly to the tip of his dick.
Lighting fast, Thor found himself pulled into the cell, straddled by his evil brother with a mask of unholy mirth. “You were always so slow, brother”
So Tony squared his shoulders, gearing up and nodding resolutely “Well then, I’ll fight them off until you do.”
Thor’s eyes widened as he gazed down in abject horror at the crude simile of himself, sprawled about the settee, muscular arms thrown haphazardly over his golden head and most importantly. The smallest, comical baby cock resting shyly between his meaty thighs.
“That’s Ringerike” The Captain whispered, caressing his husband lax hand with a gentling thumb “Thought it was appropriate.”
This seemed to be the trick to lift the fog of early morrow moodiness from the Captain as the handsome man smiled gratefully at the guilt-ridden Goddess.
He had always enjoyed the shamelessness of the women of doubtful virtue, shying away from the blushing maidens of court, seeming to Thor far more trouble than a night of pleasure was worth. Even his Lovely Jane… she had never had calms to her sexual desires.
Thor hummed in response, earning a sharp look from his brother. “I don’t think you understand the true depth of this”
They both walked forward to greet the woman, Bruce with a shaky smile and Steve with a careful handshake and a softly uttered “Ma’am”
Frigga greeted them with a smile so tender it was hard for Loki not to return it. Steven, of course, smiled preciously and took his seat by the Queen with a gracious nod and a subtle look to the God. It was with that look that it dawned on him…
Steve knew the feeling… He felt it every day. And knowing that this bright, formidable, so unquestionably
Hey there, sorry it took me so long to update, I was really busy and well, as you read, I was deliberating on posting this chapter as is, the first bouts of their physical relationship are coming through and I wanted to give an insight to Steve's thoughts on it all, and give other characters (Sif) some closure.
“Hasn’t been around that long” Clint said, strolling to plop next to the deadly woman with a grin “she’s got more confirmed kills than the black plague.”
Steven gazed down at her with empathic eyes, not an ounce of judgement in his lovely gaze and so very perfect that Sif wished she could resent him, wanted to envy him and hate him for having that which she had loved so dearly for longer than he had been alive. But she could not, not
“Steve!” They cried collectively, springing forth in a wave of excitement. Thor rejoiced as the Captain was tangled in a huddle of eager limbs, only to be drowned in a similar way just seconds after with barely a warning by the ways of his name shouted in a chorus.
Volstagg harrumphed “Forget what Odin would do to you. You saw what that man did to Heimdall’s face? I would like to see you try!”
“And now: Lady Sif!” Thor grinned at the brunette woman, watching her step forward with grace and a fierce gaze “Deadliest Warrior of Asgard, as skilled as she is beautiful!”
Steve startled as a muffled voice from the ceiling broke his maudlin thoughts. “Clint? What are you doing here?”
Drawn in dark, harsh lines against a background of faded swirls. He was a King sat in a throne of schemes and whispers.
“They examined you for childbearing” Thor took a shuddering breath as he reached for his betrothed’s limp hand, trying to anchor the man as Thor now feared he would fade away before his very eyes “Steven, you should have called for me…”
“Thank the Norn’s. You are here” Master Bragi breathed, pushing the alarmed God of Thunder into the room he had just trampled him out of with pressing hands “Go, take him!”
“So, where are we going?” Steven finally asked, and Thor near recoiled as he realized they had wandered way past the halls of learning into another hall, Thor stumbled to a stop and bodily turned the two of them to walk back where they had come. Steven snickered silently through it all.
“I can do this…” He murmured to himself, rolling his shoulders as if warming up for a run. “It’s Thor, it’s just Thor…”
“We are here to unite the souls that the Norn’s themselves have forged to be one.” A deafening roar of approval shook the very foundation of the palace, prompting a smile from Thor, matched in Steven’s own lips as they awaited for the crowd to settle.
Stark rubbed the back of his neck with a wince. “Not like that, no. I did invite him over, it’s just… complicated”
“I asked Odin to pull up the wedding” The Director confessed, relaxing in his couch under Thor’s startled eyes. Speaking in a clear, undisturbed tone. “It is in the Captain’s best interest, I think, to have this done as swiftly as possible. A longer engagement would only cause trouble.”
Steve eyed the door where his husband had left with open longing. If only he could walk out of this just as easy. Loki bristled some more as he caught a glimpse of his thoughts through the chains that enslaved his soul.
Loki wheezed a breath of shock, his large hands coming to grasp at his chest as he lost the fight to maintain composure. This bloody man had fed the accursed thing to the
Thor sighed in relief, brow furrowed as he glued his eyes to his husband “I don’t remember it ever being this way.”
Thor deliberately delayed in taking the Artifact from Steven, relishing the astounded looks of the remaining Guards and his Mother looking on to the cavalier way the Mortal Captain handled the jealous Mjolnir.
“Oh brother, you always aim true!” Thor moaned, relief painted clear in his now brightened features, as if a physical shadow had been lifted from his face. “You bring me such peace”
Thor sighed, the fear that had gripped his heart dispelling at his husband’s soft utterings and finally, he could truly rejoice in his love, in the all consuming joy of possessing this man and knowing that what he had given was not scorned, but cherished. For Thor had given his heart away last night, and reckless as his actions had been, Steven was never to be doubted; for here he was, holding Thor’s whole existence in his hands and covering him with caring, tender kisses.
“But we can have more!” Thor assured, bringing her averting gaze to him, trying to communicate his certainty “We can have it all, I am sure” He took her hand in his, clasped together to Mjolnir’s handle. They could both feel the inquisitive stoke of magic she emitted at the touch and Jane began to scramble in earnest, pulling with all her body at the hold.
Thor shrugged “I am an honorless hooligan, you see?” He smiled widely to disguise the hurt that laid beneath “No virtue to fret over, Captain”
Thor had never seen someone be shamed so severely, yet so delicately in his entire life. Diplomacy. Loki would call it, and Thor could finally see the thrill of learning it. If only it would make his blood boil in his veins at the sight of the severe Captain putting elderly politicians in their places. Even Odin had risen an impressed brow as the embarrassed Delegates had stopped their bickering and finally agreed on a trading treaty after years of going empty handed.
Odin reached to her and held her face tenderly in his calloused hands, bringing her head up to meet his gaze.
Thor was on the brink of losing the fight with propriety and decorum when a loud crash was echoed through the room.
Tony’s lip trembled and he slapped a shaking hand to his beard to keep himself in check. He knew this was going to happen,
Loki arched a dark eyebrow “Someone is eager” the God of Mischief sauntered back to his seat on the bed and retook his readings “Guess it is related to all the talking over the Captain” Loki eyed his again sullen brother “Tell me, does he really sing like a strumpet?”
dared to wink in sync at the Captain, eliciting a dark flush in his high cheekbones and a rowdy laugh in their friends.
Sure they gave it the obligatory pull, but it was halfhearted at best, offensively uninterested at worst. Thor had been forced to contemplate his worth all over again, or maybe these humans did not believe he was the ‘real thing’. Regardless, Mjolnir was being pawed by the thousands daily and Thor was now a staple feature of the Big Apple. He had even made himself a new mortal enemy of the naked cowboy. Who glared resentfully at Thor whenever tourists would paste themselves over his body and smile for a picture. For free.
The Captain smiled a cryptic, noncommitting thing that gave the billionaire pause as the Soldier came up to him and said so very softly “Thank you, Tony.”
“We did nothing other than what was fair.” The God refuted, his face turning towards the squealing near the pond, where the object of their discussion stood dripping in slimy pond water, utterly oblivious as he helped the flirty maidens gather their skirts with a flustered and faintly hounded expression. Loki hid a smile behind his fingers and turned his emerald eyes back to his mother. “Look at him. See and tell me he is not good, that it was not worth it.” Frigga bit her lip, blue eyes glued to the man and filling with wonder “I did a fine job of raising him, you must admit. He is
“How’s it going, Regina George?” Stark shot, his tactile hands slapping on his shoulders and chest appreciatively. “Made a burn book yet?”
“Iduun apples are a magical fruit and the source of our immortality.” Loki stated simply, enjoying the slight tensing on the Mortal man’s posture trying to hide the horror that now shined clear in his skylike eyes. “Once you have sampled the apple, you are tied to Asgard herself and your soul begins to draw from Yggdrasil, the tree of life.”
“It was nothing I did not deserve” Thor admitted, downcast and gloom “I have failed Earth many times over, I can only hope the Norn’s give me life long enough to make amends.”
“So can we go now?” Quill asked, tone short and irritated as he fought the urge to tackle the Guardian who still held Gamora at the edge of his sword. Heimdall eyed him like he knew his intentions and dared him to try.
Loki positively beamed “Right? According to whom?” Frigga recoiled slightly, her hands slack over his “Is life not good? Does a
The Captain gifted him with a croaked smile as he shrugged “I was going to art school. Buck-“ The man swallowed and blinked fast “
The Captain spoke in soft waves, but his words, they were hard whiplashes of pain, of loneliness, of aching deep desolation that Thor found himself fighting the tears that gathered and clouded his sight.
Where does your wedded duty start and your friendship end? Was he hurting him more by refusing him or would giving in to what they both wanted be a greater sin?
the stone pillars into dust. The small goat ambled back to Thor’s expectant arms for his share of petting while the Captain blinked at the crumbling pillar and the happy beast; tiny stub of a tail waggling as it enjoyed the God’s heavy hands on its furry back.
Steve fought back his reaction to the warning, mind running away from him as they released and met gazes for just one second too long, then the Director arched a haughty eyebrow and barked in his usual, unflinching tone “Report for duty at 8000, and don’t be late.”
Steven gazed down at his suddenly forlorn husband, curling his arms around the God’s neck and chest and resting his chin over his now neatly finger combed hair. Giving comfort unquestioning, because he needed it, even if he would not ask for it.
The Director shoved the gun to the human’s face with a snarl “I ain’t your brother and I am sure not gonna stand here and listen to any more of this shit. General!”
“The Hulk…?” The Doctor probed incredulously as he glanced at the beautiful red head wearing her trademark blank expression.
Thor pulled the shirt up to bunch at the man’s armpits, uncovering his perfect body to him, the sculped muscles of his chest and belly glowing like smooth, polished marble in the soft moonlight. Thor felt his throat close at the sight. So perfect, so pure, so very
At first Steve had felt awkward, very conscious of their friendship even with the new title of husband. Steve being used to soft lips and even softer bodies, he now held on to a mass of rock firm muscle and was regularly going to bed with beard burned lips, the tingle sending aftershocks of something he was not ready to name down his spine, gasping lungful’s of air as the culprit of his troubled arousal would cuddle innocently into his side.
Thor nodded fervently “Whenever you are lonely again, overwhelmed, or even simply bored. Call for me.”
“My prince, is my lecture over?” Master Bragi asked, returning to his paper with not another glance in Thor’s direction.
“I have requested your presence as an important decision has been made this very morning” Odin nodded at the silent Director to his side and his strangely gloom wife. Thor began to fidget under the uncertainty.
“Bedrooms?” The Captain asked, blinking owlishly at the large rooms, decorated in soft, warm colors, none of Asgards ostentatious features, only the necessary fruniture and many, beautiful paintings and tapestries covering the pale walls. Giving it a quiet, sophisticated air that even Thor had been surprised to have achieved. Granted Master Bragi had done the picking of the paintings but Thor had nailed them all in, so he felt no shame in taking credit to the Captains wonder.
“Yep, you’re going to love them” Clint replied nonchalantly, already duking into the house with hurried steps, followed closely by Natasha. A series of excited screams burst from the inside as Laura ushered them warmly into the fray. Steve saw Clint with a small boy in his arms and Natasha with a young girl curled tightly around her waist. Both startling out of character and just right. The way Natasha curved in and covered the girl with her body, pressing kisses to her brown head. The loving grip of Clint’s bare arms around the small frame of a boy carbon copied version of his face. This was them.
Soooo, I did that, I hope it was up to your expectations! Plot is comming, please let me know your thoughts on this chapter, this one in particular was very taxing to write just the way I wanted (still didn't manage to get there). Thanks so much for all the lovely comments, you guys are my muse!
“Hello, Jormungandr.” Steve said, nodding slightly to the great serpent, who stared at him for another long moment before flicking his eyes to Thor.
“Or cause them” The Captain quipped, his smile spoke of jibes but his eyes belied it, he was moved by Thor’s vows, even if he could not promise a thing to him now, he was not indifferent to Thor’s efforts, as the slow circling of the Soldiers thumb on his pulse conferred. Thor grinned wickedly.
“Good” Laura commended, sitting down in front of her breakfast with some difficulty to navigate the baby bump “So now you can apologize to Steve for poking your nose in his business.”
Thor arched an impressed eyebrow as the Widow drowned a tankard of mead in a long gulp, dabbing delicately at the corner of her blood red lips primly after the feat. He joined the cheer of the surrounding men in her honor as the musicians began to play and the wrenches began to mingle. One of the prostitutes plopped herself confidently in Frandals lap, though her honey eyes rested firmly on the engaged pair with a meditative gleam.
“Not in that direction” Loki spoke, his soft voice startling Steve out of his conflicted search and almost pulling him out of his introspection. “Odin chained my powers to you” The dark god reminded him, gentle as he was wont to be and his invisible touch jingled the link, drawing the Soldier’s attention towards it “Take it”.
Loki’s eyes went comically wide, laughter cut abruptly at the sight of the sugary insult to the Norn’s. “I will never see Valhalla for this”
The men pulled back and followed his retreat to the UN halls, even as the Cat men stayed behind and protected the soldiers back, showing a strength and skill Steve could only compare with his own. A thought for other time.
Surrounded by the bodies of the fallen Asgardian soldiers and his own Kree army. The blond Idiot was tapping his feet and swirling his hips in spasm of limbs, uncoordinated and guided by a dissonant tune the man insisted on humming along.
Steve pursed his lips to silence his inquiries and nodded, attaching the small communicator onto his belt under Fury’s watchful eye.
“We aren’t having a shoot gun wedding!” Stark spat, a venomous tone to his voice belying the obvious hurt in his brown eyes “We are having a grown, unanimous union, you know, like the adults we are. I’m not being forced down the aisle!”
“Ha, bet you thought I would do the whole 'I object' tantrum” Tony joked, pulling his shades over his eyes to hide the redness and moisture he felt coming as he ran his mouth, like he was wont to do “run out with you over my shoulder, did you?”
“Heimdall… The Watcher of the Universe” Gamora breathed, voice soft in awe. Heimdall unsheathed his broad sword, holding the intruders weary gaze as he held the magic weapon at the ready and circled the aliens with a steady, dangerous step.
“Forgive me, I was…” The words died on his lips before he began to give them form, his mind whirling now and pulling him asunder, Thor swallowed thickly, so many emotions battling inside him he felt he would burst. There was only one thing he could say “… Forgive me”
“Great, ‘cause I don’t want to know.” The Colonel walked forward, producing a thick manila folder out of nowhere and pushing it in Tony’s face. “I do have something for you that you might need to have a look at”
“I thought, perhaps, after the first year we could spend some time on Earth, have a house of our own…” Thor hurried to explain as Steven frowned down to the pages and pictures of grand houses and apartments “As Ambassador of Earth your travels will be frequent, it is only proper we have a place of our own… What do you say, Captain?”
“Argh, you little-“Thor grunted as he doubled over in pain, gripping the pillow tighter, the God shoved it in his brother’s smug face and
“I do not know this Captain, I owe him nothing.” Drax said, affronted by the statement, making Quill bristle.
Tony pulled out subtly, earning a yelp from the woman as he bodily flipped her on her belly on the wooden table, her smooth body scrambling as she extended her arms wide to grip the edges of the gigantic dining table, her nails scratching the polished surface as he slid in her once more, hilting in a punishing, deep stroke.
Thor cut his chain of thought quickly, shaking his head and walking around the common room in search of someone to distract him from his dangerous thoughts. He found Barton and Romanoff leaning on the bar, drinking and conversing quietly to each other, heads drawn together over their joined hands. He was remiss to disturb them when in such deep intimacy, but was caught by a sideways glance from the Black Widow, who beckoned him closer with a smile and a salacious wink.
“He is a man now” The All Father argued, unbothered by the stern glare from his wife and his son’s embarrassed fumbling “there is no shame in the pleasures of your wedded bed.” Odin then turned to his blushing son with a cheerful grin “Now tell me my son, when should I bestow my blessing to the good Captain?”
“We will” The Soldier promised, cutting Thor off before he set himself to a tirade in front of their attentive audience. One last breathtaking smile. “See you in a minute”.
The Captain turned to the waiting Fury, the silent Director eyeing the exchange with a hard eye. His shoulders loosening some as the Captain approached him, hand extended for the dark man to take.
The dark-haired God snarled and turned, his hands curling into claws on his chest as he roared with impotence. Loki turned and paced, breathing agitatedly; dark thoughts clouding his sharp mind, he felt himself wavering under the woman’s soulful gaze.
The All Father held his breath and tapped his staff for a fourth, unpreceded time. “Prepare for siege…”
“Father, good morning.” Thor greeted before the emotion could overwhelm him, looking now upon his Father and his Husband, their twin noncommitting smiles and candid blue eyes was a thing his heart could not stand in large doses. His happiness was aburst and only his mother’s quiet discontent and Loki’s obvious absence staining the wonderous moment. Odin turned to his son and a strange, queer light began to shine in them, reminding him of that time where this whole debacle began and the King thought it funny to bet his son on a whim.
They spared fiercely, the sounds of their weapons meeting a deafening burst of harrowing power that even the neighboring trees of the clearing could not withstand and soon they had set aside their artifacts and turned to their fists.
Heimdall glared with his slightly less swollen eye. Thor grinned wider still and straightened. Adjusting his clothes as they waited for the Royal entourage to join them by the Bifrost’s doors.
“We all know you’re keeping one hidden in your suitcase” Clint scoffed “You’re not fooling anyone with that thing”
That night Thor burst into their Wedded rooms, smiling in relieve as he found his husband reading peacefully in their bed. Steven’s eyes rose, his brow furrowed at the disheveled state of the God as he marched forward with a pained expression.
“Hello Sweetie, fancy seeing you here so soon” She sighed, giving a small peck of a kiss to the Archer’s lips, then turning to Natasha with a wide, excited smile  “Nat, so good to have you back!”
The God of Lies set his book to the side on his bed, eyes flaming as he strode forth to stand before the God of Thunder.
“Stark! Lady Natasha!” Thor beamed “my friends, what a pleasant surprise. To what do I owe the pleasure of your visit?”
The Accuser stalked forward, towards an unrelenting Captain America, shield held at the ready and eyes fierce. Ronan would delight in breaking the human, bit by bit. “I will show you to respect your betters”
Thor awoke with a groan, shaking his head to dissipate the fog that clung to his troubled mind, the day coming back to him in flashes. His mouth was dry and tasted of bile. He coughed to clear his sore throat and pulled his body up gingerly, passing a hand through the disarray that was his hair and ripping off the tiny wedding veil with a vicious tug, ripping golden strands with a grunt, not bothering with the braids and flowers.
To the other side, Tony walked up to the pensive Captain, clearing his throat loudly to get the Soldiers attention and smiling irreverently at the blond man.
Thor covered his belly and groin in warm seed, the first taint of another man on his pure, virginal flesh. And Thor did cry out then, the thought of being the first, the
Steve gazed down at his husband, shamelessly nude, his body so defined and that golden glow of his skin. His long, wavy hair spread out over the sand like rivers of sunlight; features strong and perfectly proportioned, his full beard marking what Steve now knew to be a perfectly squared jaw, so angular and sharp under his hands when he dared to hold the God’s face when they kissed.
Thor sprinted through the golden halls of the palace, still half dressed and hair a mess. Ignoring the startled gasps and wondering gazes of the members of the court and servants alike as he barged through all in his quest for the only place his heart could find comfort, find peace.
Tony fanned himself with the folder, waving it around and pointing with it at the uniform while he struggled with this mushed brain to make words.
” Steve began to protest before his voice waved out and his legs buckled under him. Out like a candle in harsh winds and limply hanging from the God’s terrified arms.
“Asgard!” Odin thundered, drowning the halls in respectful silence once more as he spoke “Brothers and Sisters of the nine realms”
Surprising maybe everyone in the group, the Hawkeye had fallen in synch with Lady Sif, both conversing animatedly about random subjects, ranging from the stupidity of the male sex (something the Archer endorsed wholeheartedly with a pained moan for the future generations and saucy snapping of his fingers) to the best way to cleave a person to the wall with darts. Soon Thor feared they would attempt their theories as their tones grew in excitement and intricacy.
“You can understand that we are skeptical” one of the women explained “We will be receiving the entirety of this bargain and giving nothing in return”
Lo’ and behold, his cock could in fact rise again. Thor crowed internally as he struggled out of his prison of sheets, smiling wide and elated at the Captain. Loki frowned and rolled his emerald eyes at the unmasked longing, turning away from his sibling and eyeing the human instead.
Barton perked up as he heard the Gym’s doors close behind Stark’s dejected back and yelled: “Hey! Where’s my money?”
(There is a tiny, tiny smut scene, because Tony gets hot and bothered when Steve is Heroic, again it is marked begining and end by dark bold letters, for those who would like to skip it. It's kind of risky actually, please don't hate me!)
Fury nodded and closed the door separating the rooms with a very final slam. Steve nodded himself into calmness for a second before turning to the open balcony and loudly whispering: “Did you get that?”
“Thor, you cannot make gifts of people!” Frigga cried despairingly at her First Born’s daring request. Her hands clasping her wide hips and her blue eyes glaring disapprovingly at her pouting son, who promptly turned his sullen, pleading eyes to the other parent in the room.
“More?” Steven laughed, beaming at the excited God as he pulled the Soldier to one of the many discreet doors on the entryway.
Steve sat on the couch of his living room, shivering slightly at the cold that had gathered in the empty room so late in the evening. The Soldier pulled an afghan, the ugliest one he had
Loki breathed in Thor’s essence into his body, melded it with his sedir, knitting a tight suit of illusion around himself as his lithe, pale limbs morphed to thick and gold. His ebony locks were showered in sunlight. As he stood over his brother’s unconscious form, now covered in a spell to resemble his own likeliness Loki frowned at the unseemly sprawl of his body on the stone floor. Not even in unconsciousness could the gigantic oaf display a modicum of grace.
The nephew, Steve's turmoil and decision, heartfelt confessions and the shadow of a secret comes to peak.
Thor coughed and shifted his eyes to anything but his father as he purposely misled “I don’t believe we will try for a child in quite some time, Father. Steven is young yet and I find myself reluctant to part with our new found comforts.”
Thor’s mouth ran dry at the sight of the man’s behind, and the heated expectation of the nights celebrations yet to be had. So immersed he was in his lustful thoughts he near jumped out of his skin when Frigga placed a pressing hand on his arm.
“I am so sorry, Steven” Thor moaned, rubbing his bearded cheek to the Captain’s smooth one in increasingly harsher nuzzles as the man groaned and pushed at the God “This is all my fault, I should have warned you-“
“I don’t think I should, Thor.” The Captain said, all reason and discretion. Barton snorted inelegantly to the side. “Oh please, give it a pull Steve, what’s a bit of hammer fondling between friends?”
“I’m done” Thor barked immediately, placing his pencil down with a smack and extending his hands for Steven’s work with impatient fingers. “Show me”
“Thank you, Father” Thor murmured, smiling half heartedly at the All Father as his eyes skipped from the other witnesses in the room, and wondered if they all thought the same.
Pepper huffed a disbelieving laugh and held on to him, giggling under the warm spray of the shower head.
And now, he had it. He had in his hands the universal rights to the man he adored, and he couldn’t feel more sick to his stomach.
The God shook his head resolutely, hand curling pensively under his bearded chin “No, that’s not right, it isn’t good enough. Try harder.”
This must be a sign, Thor dared to hope, sprinting forth where his love stood, chatting softly with Heimdall and holding a small sac of spare clothing which Thor felt personally offended by. And Loki, standing sullen to the side and indifferent to the glares of the many, catching sight of his brother and sighing audibly.
The general visibly recoiled and he could almost swear he heard a collective ohhing from the side. Steve side stepped the man and the frozen UN representatives as he strolled toward his teammates, still standing by the Council doors with unreadable expressions.
He sighed when he laid the God on the couch, leaving him to happily drool onto the dark leather while he faced his justifiably enraged fiancé.
Thor stiffened in his seat, his heart hammering away in his chest as he heard the echo of his intuition come from his betrotheds’ mouth, the link he was beginning to perceive and cherish in his soul mirrored in this man. Steven smiled that earnest, wholehearted smile of his as he confessed in sweet low tones.
The Captain’s blush returned in full force as they left the great halls and the limp was once again produced after a pointed look to Asgards clocks. The Captain accepted his Husband’s arm as they all walked past the giggling members of Court and the not so subtle looks of servants.
Tony hid a grimace behind a bite of his bread and remained silent for the rest of the meal. Thor felt a shock of sadness for his friend, his usually lively, sharp witted tongue wilted under his heartbreak. Thor clasped his husband’s hand under the table with a troubled frown.
Thor roared as he sprung forth, hammer held high, meeting halfway with a fearsome wave of power when the two magical instruments touched, propelling them backwards with the impact. Iron man soared through it and fired propulsor after propulsor, obligating the Kree Lord to retreat a few steps before the Hulk came cannoning in.
taking his mouth for deep, wanton kisses and pulling the Captain’s hips down sharply as he thrust up.
“How did you-? Oh yeah, the all seeing thingy…” Quill sighed at Heimdall’s deadpanned gaze “Look, just let us help, we made this mess in the first place, it’s only right that we clear it up before anyone else gets hurt… Besides” The man smiled crookedly and shrugged “it’s Captain America, we have a civic duty…”
“Aye, I suppose not.” Thor conceded and followed the Goddess out of the room when she beckoned to him, however reluctant he was to part from Steven’s side. The fear and horror of having his husband faint and wither in his arms would likely haunt his dreams for eternity. His newfound love for the man, however unrequited it may still be, enough for Thor’s soul to die along with him. He could not lose another love. He was not that strong.
” Thor cried, hands held up high as his opponent swayed and blinked blearily, fist held up frozen half-way “Not in the face, good sir. I am to be wedded today.”
The Captain nodded and smiled slightly for the golden pair. “I will see you in our rooms, Thor. Good night, your Grace.”
They pulled back and mock saluted him in uncoordinated hand waving. Colonel Phillips would be rolling in his grave. Steve smiled and saluted again.
“A pleasure to meet you, Thor has spoken very highly of you all” Steven of course promptly extended his hand to shake and Thor had to shove his hand in Frandals face and shift Steven’s hand to the next Warrior.
“We stand today as witness to his trial.” Odin spoke to the frozen public, his iron stare resting on his sons as he descended from the high ground to meet Loki eye to eye. Thor felt Steven’s unease and confusion mirroring his own as the All Father broke protocol, standing before them in silent contemplation before his stony features parted with a soft smile.
Steve punched and pushed his way to the Kings chambers, ripping a stolen sword from one of the inmates hands that had tried to cut him short and ended cleaved by his own weapon when Steve had spun and tripped the man on his march through the brawling hallways.
Steven blushed delightfully crimson and took off the hat from his head so he could pass a consternated hand trough his disheveled hair. Thor ached to mess it up some more.
“Yeah, that’s Howard for you” Tony winced, turning away to give the Captain a moment to regain his composure, he stared at the New York skyline. “Anyways, that’s over now, you’re your own man” Tony swallowed around the knot forming in his chest as he finally willed himself to look back at Steve, gorgeous, perfect,
Steve felt his throat began to close and tighten, almost like when he had his asthma attacks near a century ago. He clenched his fists to the sides, working his jaw as he looked on at the drop degree invasion that was happening on the other side of earth. All on his name.
“You may stay with him if you please, my Prince.” The elder woman offered, beginning to step back out of the room and allow the pair their privacy “Keep him company while the fever burns away.”
“Ok, enough of that” The Captain commanded in a sharp tone over the insufferable giggles of their teammates and fellow warriors “pass me the bread, Tony”
Tony blinked, throat working and hands flapping in the air. “Steve, precious.” He began, enunciating every word with care “That thing over there is a Seer, you know what that is Steve? huh? A seer? Means he can see everything you will do seconds before you do it.”
“Changing to more wholesome subjects, I’m sorry I couldn’t make it to the ceremony” The engineer smiled sharply at the husbands “Looked like a lovely event, the wedding suits though” Tony tutted playfully “I have to say Captain, that uniform did
Thor bit back a moan, his hands clenching on the Captain’s hips and throwing his head back, exposing the length of his neck for more of those brain-wrecking touches.
“How is she?” The Captain dared to ask after a second, ignoring Thor’s looming as he cleared his throat “Is she still…?”
Quill and his friends jolted back as the Guardian produced a small squared device and tossed it carelessly with a suave flick of his wrist to the unflappable Director. Fury caught the devise and regarded it with a cool gaze.
At the 7 months mark he received the news that Stark’s house had been attacked. The man of Iron’s body not found.
The Director was deeply offended by this as he cried “Them the blues, motherfucker! They are meant to provoke!”
The God bit the man’s lip with promise and a responding whimper was smothered by the washroom door opening and immediately slamming shut. Both men startled out of their passionate haze, the receding sound of disgusted stomping of feet in the adjacent room reminding them again of their guest.
“You will take Mjolnir throughout the planet in a show of fair game, a decade of touring should suffice”
“Thor, there are five couches in the waiting room.” Steve hissed from his humiliated bundle of sheets, prompting some silent pouting from his husband and triumphant leering from his bother in law. “Yes,
“Asgard stands by you” Odin reassured “she will not relinquish the Tesseract to you and set you on a warpath. She will not release Loki Odinson to you and give him a second chance to conquer this planet, Asgard speaks through me as I say that you will never suffer invasion and destruction by others but yourselves again. My word is what I offer and that is what you have.”
Odin released a small yelp at the unexpected attack, tendrils of holy power sparking out of his lone orb as he turned a haughty hiss to his offended wife. “Control yourself, woman!"
“There is a catch to this, I know it.” Thor muttered to himself, tearing his robe off in a hurry, boots flying as he scurried onto the bed with a grin, prowling onto a stoic and utterly unimpressed Captain.
Thor cleared his suddenly dry throat and brought his hands to rest reluctantly on his husband’s splayed thighs, decency weighing heavily on his lustful thoughts as Steven dipped his head to hide his blushing face in the God’s neck, unknowingly testing Thor’s resolve to not ravish him again. Loki or no Loki.
Jane curled her tiny fingers in his still throbbing flesh, drawing a chuckle from deep in his chest as he took her dainty hand in his own and brought it to rest on his shacking chest. This woman would be the end of him. Thor felt a grin split his face. He could barely wait.
Once in the ring, Lady Sif instructed the Soldier to a fighting stance, even going as far as guiding him with her dainty, but very capable hands, much to Thor’s peeve and Frandal’s obvious envy. Volstagg and Hogun ran commentary between themselves, going from the Captain’s teachings to Thor and Frandal’s pouting. Clearly enjoying both tremendously if their soft snickering was to be considered. In the middle of the ring, now in an acceptable footing, Steven stood with an uneasy purse to his lips as he eyed the seasoned warrior.
. Odin and his council scrambled to give reassurances that the Director shot down mercilessly, and ultimately, they showered him with leeway’s, the resulting accords practically a mugging of Asgards treasury. In the end, Fury conceded. After a hefty dowry and an actual signed contract (With
“No, that’s impossible I…” Steven blinked and sprung forward, pulling Thor’s sleeve up and revealing the cards he himself had stolen and hidden under the coffee table at the beginning of the round. Thor smirked wickedly at the Captain.
Thor jumped as the door to the bathroom opened to his side, revealing a slightly more awake and composed Captain America, dressed still in his skin tight uniform, minus leather gloves as the man combed his short, disheveled hair with wet fingers.
“So we are traveling to the edge of the planet so you can beat Frandal” Steven said, tone blank and dry as the Midgardian desserts. Thor nodded, hands fidgeting on the reigns of their cart.
“Oh, Tony” Banner sighed, having silently joined moments ago and leaning on the marble bar with a disapproving frown.
Steven wheezed, releasing the tightly coiled shoulders as he descended to body jolting laughter, bending in half, hand pressed to his chest as if it were to keep his heart from shaking out of his chest with the convulsing cackles. Loud and free, ringing like cheerful bells in the night. Steven laughed himself silly.
“Do not bed him, Thor” The Queen insisted heatedly, ignoring his squirming son and gripping his hands imploringly “He is-“
“Duty calls” Natasha smiled apologetically. Thor nodded his understanding. Aye, duty waits for no man, or woman. He would miss his friends dearly, for these past weeks had been the best he had had in quite a while, the quiet contentment of everyday life with these mortals had done wonders for his quaking soul and now he felt the cold grip of despair as he would soon find himself alone once more.
Thor’s head whipped at the saucy remark, his wide blue eyes settling on an amused Widow. The rest of his Shield brothers standing next to the redhead in different degrees of discomfort as the crowd began to gather and thicken around the Avengers.
The whole team turned completely to see in the distance a dark figure of blue skin, holding a war hammer high as it was surrounded by a strange group of aliens and a tree, complete with woodland creature.
Thor laughed heartily at the woman’s playful words “I would tolerate nothing less.” Then the God turned to the final, silent member of the Avengers. Thor stepped up to the morose Man of Iron, back straight and shoulders tight.
Tony snorted loudly, trying to convey more security than he actually felt “I hardly think Big Daddy up there will start a war over the Captain, when we all know he offered that just to shut you up. He’ll be relieved to have this thing over with.”
His husband stirred and froze under the God’s lazy affections, his burgeoning erection pressed snugly now to the Soldier’s ass and already eager to meet his husband’s early moodiness with a thorough loving. A shaky hand pressed onto his temple and a spell slipped its way to his enamored psyche.
Tony leapt forward, meeting a heady Pepper halfway, kissing fiercely the Red heads lips, pulling her thin body close to his, pulling back with a gasp as he ripped the satin robe off, revealing her naked body under the fabric. Tony groaned loudly, pulling her off the floor, her legs wrapping around his waist as he ran to the nearest flat surface.
“Mother?” Thor husked out, eyes bulging at the state of the Mother of Gods as her beautiful blue eyes jumped from one newlywed to the other.
Steven saw the deliberation of the Goddess and pounced “If it is not an obligation, I would prefer to spend my time in privacy” The Captain stated firmly “Thor and I have been friends for a long time and I doubt we would be pushed to do anything untoward when left to our own, we are adults after all”
Thor winced internally, they had been mostly old, hadn’t they? Even so, a decade in Earth, was his father truly aware of what he was giving Thor? A decade to roam free on Earth, with his brothers in arms and his lovely Jane. Thor waited for the other boot to drop. When Odin remained silent Thor quickly parted the room, fearing that his father would just give Mjolnir a nudge the next time a bald priest attempted to hold the hammer if he interrupted his entertainment. Really, at this point, he did not trust the cheeky mood his Father was in and feared to test the waters in case he ended up wed to a Hamster.
“Politics should never encumber true love” Thor stated solemnly. He was a God himself, who were these mortal men to prohibit him from giving his blessing to a union of loving souls? Yes, he had blessed many and under the Nordic religion and Law, he was within his holy rights. And somehow these brave women had embraced him as one of their own, gifting him a crown of flowers on his golden head; they paraded him amongst them and shouted his name as a war cry against the injustice of their world. Thor had felt his most proud when he joined their shouts for freedom and felt no shame to be the paragon of their fight. He was now proudly: Thor, God of Thunder and Godfather of Lesbians.
“You could never get one over her!” Quill agreed with an exhilarated gasp, his face like a little kid in Christmas morning.
Thor arrived to Earth in a Flash of rainbow lights, startling the hundreds of scientist gathered around the beloved hammer, scanning it and probing it with increasing exasperation. Thor marched forward; hand extended expectantly in a silent beckoning. Mjolnir soared to him, slapping eagerly into his calloused palm as if it had missed him. Thor flexed his fingers on her handle lovingly, feeling his hand meld into the well-worn leather of the perfectly balanced weapon. Lightning crackled in the sky, sparks of electricity jumping there where he held Mjolnir, feeling her magical presence course through his body, as if reacquainting itself to him after so long apart. Thor sighed contentedly.
Thor blinked and eyed his mother with confused eyes until her pointed head tilt let him know of her intentions. The God of Thunder nodded abashedly and released his grumbling husband to his mother’s expert care “Yes, mother. I shall see you soon, husband”
Both groups fell to an awkward silence. Miss Potts eyes wide as she looked down to the gift with silent horror, delight and mortification fighting to take over her beautiful face. Stark on the other hand…
“No, they’re hiding him from me too, but you keep invading our front lawn and Mr. Rogers is going to come out and have some stern words with you” Tony spouted, the voice filter thankfully hiding the shake of his voice “And believe me, you don’t want that”
The Director allowed a sincere and happy smile to escape his icy exterior as he chuckled “Ha, I’ll keep you to that.”
The thing is, Steve knew how to fight, he could fight all day long. He was a man of war, he thrived in it, excelled in bloodbaths and slaughter. But that is not what he needed to do now.
The blond man smiled, beatific; awash with the golden sunlight of the early morrow. He shone brighter than many suns.
Steve nodded in acknowledgment. Eyes wandering back again and again to the bodies squished under the Jet’s wheels and the way the Representatives gingerly stepped over them with a faint look of disgust as they exited the Jet and marched resolutely towards him, their greedy eyes shining with bliss.
The man patted his hands clean and declared himself ready to get himself some Asgardian ass, ripping loud, jarring cackles from his friends.
“I would really like it if you stopped jiggling that around.” The animal winced as it wrung it’s paws anxiously “It can atomize a small moon.”
The Captain mimicked his smile, cheeks flushed as their souls met in that intimate embrace before such a large crowd, but braving on while Loki and Frigga came forth and tied the golden strings of fate around their clasped forearms, their powerful magic skimming their very souls and stitching their essence in an elaborate spell.
They had not touched like this since that night in the camp, where they had made love in a haze of eager bodies and liquid courage; something inside Steve making himself retreat from the physical aspect of their relationship, and as Thor had promised on their wedding night not to make any unwanted advances on Steve until he was willing, he respected his boundaries with that unassuming, pleasant way of his. Perhaps this was innocent as well, Thor always seemed to be in a good mood when he visited Loki, and he in turn had been more forward with him after the hunting trip with the Warrior Three and Lady Sif.
Mister Tom must have died alone. No record that Steve could find of the man’s death, or his burial. Gone as if he had never existed. Never cleaned the blood under Steve’s nose after an ill-fated fight, never given a scolding so magnificent and proper that the Queen of England would envy… Never stayed the night late so Steve could calm when his lungs just refused to draw breath and at five years old he’d be terrified to die in his sleep.
Steven turned to the Warrior Three and Lady Sif with a joyful expression, near wistful “I spent more time in boot camp with a knife in my hand than I did running drills” He then twirled the weapons in an astounding show of skill, his grin sharp as the daggers in his hands. “I can peal a
And the Doctor began to huff and groan ridiculously, an obvious acting as his skin remained it’s olive tan, but the children did not see this and began to scream a series of increasingly desperate ‘No, no, no, no’s” as the doctor continued his ploy, chasing them even as they broke away in a startled sprint.
that has spent the last year half naked and drunk on our planet” Thor’s face closed off in shame “Not even bothering to show his face when
Thor liked his lips but otherwise behaved himself, he had a purpose with this visit, besides harassing his bashful fiancée. Who would have known that such uptight propriety and decorum would be able to set blazing Hel fire to Thor’s loins.
After those three days, Thor was next spotted in Texas. Dropping from the skies like a meteorite into the center of a Rodeo. Lightning sparked from his iridescent orbs, prompted startled cries of the spectators and nervous shuffles of the animals in the circle.
The next morning Steven woke early, his moodiness more pronounced as he went on to dress and quickly pack his bag for his trip, ignoring Thor’s puppy dog, yearning looks and finally parting from their wedded chambers with a blank faced Loki in tow.
“Thank you, your Grace” Steven agreed gracefully, sending the glowering director a weary look. The Director on the other hand, kept his unwavering dark eye on the All Father, near blasphemous in its intensity.
The Captain bit his lips as he held back a smile, lifting his own drink for a private toast to their future together. However long it may be, Thor prayed it be as happy as he was now.
That beard burn, though. Still going to need some getting used to. Steve thought, remembering the last time he had felt it and ripping himself back to the present with a harsh shake.
“Look, we’re on your side, ok?” Quill assured softly, hands held up high to appear as harmless as he could “There is a larger problem coming your way and if you would just let us explain.”
“Master Bragi” Frigga interjected with a stern look to her jubilant son “You do understand that if you agree, you will dedicate yourself entirely to him. You will teach no other for centuries, perhaps to the end of your life… He will be your legacy”
The All Father smiled once more for his firstborn, releasing his hand from his own with barely concealed reluctance and with a decisive nod of his gray head, he spoke “For tomorrow you will be wed. And a man you will be, never to be alone in your worries again. I bless you, my son…” Thor fell to his knees before his Father, his strings cut lose as his whole weight hit the floor, his eyes wide on the All Father, whose heavy hand now laid on the young God’s shoulder as he willed “May the Norn’s bring you unbridled joy in your union, may they give you wisdom to choose your words or to take silence. May they bring both strength to your hands to protect that which will be yours and gentleness to hold them in your arms. I bless you: Thor, son of Odin. To become a Man of your own making.”
The man jolted slightly at the feeling of strong arms enveloping his waist, pulling his body up to a fervid embrace as Thor buried his face into the Soldiers neck, breathing him in in desperate pulls of his fresh scent.
Jane began to shake in his hold and Thor scrambled to explain, how could he have been so dense? coming here and immediately bedding her? She was bound to think this a farewell. Thor pressed a hasty kiss to her sweaty brow in apology.
The Captain’s cock laid hard and leaking clear, pearly drops on his tight belly; a soft golden tuff crowning his lovely member, perfectly proportioned and uncut.
Steve crooked his head to the side, gazing at his perfect husband up an down, feeling that hot steering he was beginning to shyly associate with the God and pressing a chaste kiss to his golden brow, tucking the blanket snuggly over Thor’s shoulders, covering his nudity from his guilty eyes and shuffling out to the beach with an uncomfortable tightness to his pants.
Thor felt Steven’s soul pull, trying to retreat in alarm and the God gripped the mortal man tighter, catching the Soldier’s shocked gaze firmly with his own.
The man blushed delightfully under Thor’s wanton attentions, all but spurring Thor on. “I would make you a fine husband.”
Thor admired his courage and mourned his fate. Slowly, the court settled and the All Father resumed “ All of this prompted by the actions of Loki Odinson. God of Lies and Mischief.”
“No, no, no. You’re doing it all wrong.” Thor hissed, earning a frustrated sigh from the Captain as he halted his stunted gait in the middle of their torn bedding rooms for what could be the twelfth time.
The God swallowed thickly “I once promised you, not to take that which you would not give freely. And I stand by it.”
Thor could honestly not remember when this whole affair had stopped being a hypothetical plan of action and turned into ‘Action’, following a fiercely determined Frandal though the dark streets of Asgard, rousing many musicians and mages on his way back to the palace. Thor could only recall giggling loudly with the others as they listened to Frandals plans.
It appeared Thor wasn’t the only one with a broken heart; he thought, as he observed the men shake hands. At least Stark still had one love to hold on to.
“Up, Thor” Steven snickered, giving up on freeing his shirt from the God’s stubborn hands and simply slipping out of it with a winning grin. Much to the God’s delight and misery. The Captain stood shakily and sent his husband a strange, pointed look; a flush rising on his cheeks as he rubbed at the back of his neck. “You should put that one on before you come out…”
A lone man appeared by the wide entrance, cast in shadows by the bright light of Asgards rising sun. Only his firm footsteps sounded in the crowded hall as he strode forward, his posture firm and commanding as he crossed the room of Asgardians in an unwavering step.
Steven jolted dramatically “Thor, I won’t ever-“ Though his reassurances died swiftly at the God’s anguished eyes and the Soldier broke “Yes, I promise you”
Steven locked eyes with him, searching and finding the truth lying under his words, weighting with far more than tardiness and choking the breath out of the God, the very life of him.
Thor swallowed and kept his silence. Master Bragi nodded to himself, for they both knew the answer. He would not.
“Thank you, your highness” The Captain smiled pleasantly for the King, blush receding slightly at the distraction of a normal interaction, opposed to their previous leg pulling and shameless teasing. Thor would miss that dearly.
“You raised me well, Mother” Thor grinned, bestowing a loving kiss to his mother’s brow, wiping her stray tears away with tender circles of his large thumbs. “Now won’t you smile for me once more?”
They had made it in record time, and took a Jet off to the skies, flying for near 4 hours in near silence until they arrived in a Farm, South West of the country, in the middle of a starless night.
The Captain convulsed under him, his legs scrambling under Thor’s weight. The God kissed the abused bundle and continued his exploration of the wonder that was his husbands body, the hand that had held his head now resting on the headboard above the Captain’s head; keeping him in place, anchoring him under Thor’s heated ministrations as the Soldier looked up at him with flustered, surprised eyes.
It took a moment to sink in, as Thor stood there, breaths coming in pants and a meaty hand pressed to his wide, heaving chest. And then of course, the booming laughter.
Thor continued to pull at the Captain’s trousers in hash tugs, jolting the man’s hips off the bed as he removed the clothing down his legs to bunch at his ankles, not having the peace of mind to remove it entirely now that he could finally see his prize.
He opened his arms wide and was tackled by three hurried bodies. He laughed but curled over them eagerly. “I’ll see you for the wedding” He promised.
my best friend Bucky, he was helping me pay it, before it all happened.” Steven released a humorless laugh “I was going to give him a luxurious life as my kept boy when I became a big shot, he used to say. He always thought I’d turn out to be some da Vinci kind ‘a fella…”
She came on his cock again, and this time Tony followed her over, biting her creamy shoulder as he growled and shook, releasing deep inside, as deep as he could reach and then laying with her, finally content after such a horrible day.
“Thor?” Steven inquired, setting down his pallet of paints on the soft blanket he used to cover the marble from under his workstation. Thor’s heart ached at the sight of that stained blanket.
The Avengers flew the jet to Geneva, suits on and weapons at the ready, watching the news and the drip drop arrival and invasion of Asgard to Earth. Steve watched how the General tapped his sword in a steady pace, his unblinking eyes burning even through the camera lens and screen. This was his price wooden horse.
“Got a Soviet wanting to sing the national anthem, for sure” Natasha joked around a prim sip of her tea, a truly evil glint to her blue eyes as the Captain flushed dark once more.
“I don’t know” The Captain sighed blinking his sweet eyes open and smiled crookedly down at his husband “It’s hard to remain unbiased with him when all I keep thinking is he’s going to plop me over his lap and give me a spanking for talking back to my elders”
“Aye, if Asgard is to demand a child it will do it of mine own flesh.” Thor vowed, hammer raised now in threat to the tittering Healers “Steven’s body is his own, to preside over as he sees fit. He has no obligation to meet your wishes. Is that clear?”
Steve felt himself blush as he recalled all the kisses, the furtive and tender, the heated and passionate. Thor knew what he was doing, alright. And though Steve had a couple of tricks up his sleeve, he could never achieve the easy confidence and masterful touch that the God had when he held him and pressed his lips on the Soldier and
When they arrived to Genève, Nat navigated over the UN plaza where the fighting had already began. Steve stood over the open hangar, hands clenched into frustrated fists as he saw the blurs of armies killing each other, and with one side on the obvious win.
“Perhaps you should try a bit of salad, my dear” Frigga suggested, patting Thor’s hand in a subtle motion to let his knife down and release the boar leg he had been devouring. “What will your lovely Jane think when her prince returns with the baring of an ale tankard?”
They met again with a series of rattling punches and kicks, Thor quickly realizing the strength behind the Captains fists and with a sigh of elation, he allowed himself to pour his whole body into the fight. He managed to corral the Soldier in a corner with jolting punches to the man’s side, ripping grunts and winces from the Captain before he managed to slip out of his reach.
Soon, Thor found himself way over his head, as the soldier began to use his own body like a climbing post, not unlike the Black Widow had. But with the harrowing strength of a bilgesnipe.
Thor noticed as gradually, the men and women in the room became entranced by the All Father, tension building as an almost palpable thing. Odin paused, his eye following each and every face in the room, making some of the representatives shrink and fidget almost unperceptively under his gaze.
Thor listened carefully as the Captain inquired over the limits of illusion spells, as he had seen Loki cast plenty in his stay on Earth. Of course, the mages were not quite as powerful as his brother, a God. But they could set some runes to create illusions for a limited time. The captain nodded and explained his idea.
Thor released a fit of unmanly giggles at the thought and continued to enjoy his good mood for as long as it lasted.
“I can’t promise that will be anytime soon, Thor” The Captain admitted, now looking down at their joined hands with morose eyes. Thor clenched the fingers intertwined with his own, trying to take the words for their value and not as a rejection to himself.
“You will have time after to get the get-to-know-you’s out of your system.” The man consoled, in an uncharacteristic sign of sympathy to the troubled God “Our priority right now is to make it two weeks in without an uprising. So do yourself a favor and help us keep the Captain under the radar.”
“Th-thanks, really.” Quill turned to gaze at his teammates in similar shock “Wow, dinner with the God’s. If Yondu could see me now.”
“I’m not done” Steven countered with an innocent smile, raising alarms in Thor’s head as the Soldier pulled his work away and applied hurried strokes of his stub of charcoal with undisguised glee.
And as Loki sucked in a deep breath. Thor’s world turned dark, with one last fleeting thought of despair for his husband’s life. Thor fell limp in his brothers’ arms.
Steve rubbed at his aching cheek, eyeing the startling blush on the God’s face with a bit of rueful chagrin. He really hoped he hadn’t been doing anything improper with it. Sporting a matching flush to his cheeks, and not only from the imprint of Loki’s hand, Steve exhaled and closed his eyes again, reaching for that string of light. It pulsed under his fingers like a living thing, and it was so humbling to think that this was a God’s life, tangled firmly to his own.
“Miss Potts, I hear congratulations are in order” The captain smiled, his blue eyes kind as he warmly embraced the slender woman, who bestowed a tender kiss to the man’s smooth cheek; inciting a shy flicker of cerulean eyes and a quick duck of his head. Lady Potts rubbed the lip stain off his slowly flushing cheek with a strange familiarity as she smiled brightly.
“Good” Thor growled, dropping Mjolnir to the marbled floors and promptly beginning to rip his clothing off his body “Now you will examine me, just as you did him.” The woman paled at the request, her eyes darting frettingly to her disciples who all cowered away, Thor smiled sharply “I wish to see what indignities he suffered in my name.”
Steven did return; sadly, fully clothed and with a reproachful glare in full force. “Real classy, Thor”
“It’s not so simple” Steve began, eyes coming to rest on his now perfectly healed brother in law and shinning with honesty. “I would, if I thought you deserved it”
Even if he no longer holds ill will for the tales, he would be obligated to carry it through… For his honor depends on it. He may be a God of lies but his word is his law. As is for all of us Gods.”
As Thor and Steven walked arm in arm through the Royal halls, the Captain made a valiant effort with the limp and it seemed to be convincing enough as their honor guards, standing silently outside their bedding rooms, all but choked on their own spit at the sight of them and followed the Captain’s troubled step with a violent flush…
“I did not know you fought so dirty, Captain” Thor taunted after Steve had dealt him yet another kick to the shins “I thought you a man of honor”
The engineer cleared his throat, fighting the urge to go look for Pepper and beg for another role play, he could show her the video feed of the Captain, she’d understand.
“I like the flowers in your hair, nice touch” Clint jumped in, holding a small, fluffy cloud like cloth in his hands “Got something to complete the look for you”
The Mistress Eir blinked in surprise at the request, eyeing the God with new, meditative air and finally, she nodded her assent. “I will, it would do good to put that hammer to the use it was actually intended to have… Building.”
“I’m starting to get used to that by now” The Captain replied with a cheeky smile as he eyed the still sentimental Doctor kindly “You sure you don’t want to stay? You know you are always welcome here, Bruce.”
“It’s not about the fairness, Mr. President” A voice that sounded suspiciously like Senator Stern said. “This matter concerns the entire human race, I don’t think the fate of one man should outweigh all mankind.”
There is a loud crash as furniture flies past Loki’s seething form, only to stop and shatter into pieces at the contact with the wall, the magic cell vibrating with containing spells, pulsing in irritation as it held on firm after the onslaught of heavy furniture was hurled, one after the other. In Loki’s fit of rage, nothing remained intact. Soon, he stood within a cell of shambles.
“I am Groot” Groot nodded eagerly, producing the sac again only for Gamora to rip it out of his wooden hands with a glare.
Thor was about to place his hand around the man’s neck when Volstagg cheered. Thor turned immediately back to the ring and found Lady Sif twirling Steven’s sword in her hand while she held her sword to his intended’s throat with the other.
Pepper sighed as he breached her from behind, slowly feeding her hole with his cock, feeling it clench and suck him in deeper, embracing his length as he went balls deep.
“Avengers!” The Director barked, joining the group of warriors “Ronan has the power stone on his hammer, if he so much as skims the floor with it he will destroy Asgard. Also try not to touch it, it tends to atomize anyone of the… Mortal persuasion.”
“You’ll never what?” The Soldier quipped as a red and gold blur sent the infuriated Kree backwards “You didn’t finish!”
“While you lay there fretting over your non-existent virtue, The All father bid your hand in marriage to Midgard, ensuring you free transit on the planet for an indefinite time. Your presence alone stakes a claim and would ensure no other realms turned their greedy eyes on Earth, least they draw Asgard’s wrath upon them.” Loki mused “ No, no one would dare encroach on that of the All Father… Odin singlehandedly secured the Planet’s survival by setting them on an impossible quest”
“Thor” Steven moaned his name, his hips working hard and fast as his breaths drew short; soft, beautiful gasps rang high with each stroke of their urgent bodies.
Tony heaved and choked on bile and half-digested liquor, turning agitatedly in his seat when a bucket was pressed into his chest. He took it and upend his stomach’s contents in loud, violent bursts. When he was done, he raised his head to the beeping and whirling sound. Dummy stood there, beeping inquiries and with the tiniest baseball cap resting on its mechanical claw, proclaiming him Iron Baby. It was a good fit actually; He had refused to release the thing since Tony had tumbled down to his workshop in the middle of the night, just after the engagement party. Having left Pepper peacefully sleeping off some rather vigorous fucking, Tony haven been so emotionally wrought after seeing Steve, he had buried himself so desperately, almost violent, between Peppers thighs, like a man drowning he had clung to her, pushing deep and hard to the point of pain, trying with all his might to become one, as if he pushed hard enough he would sink in her and all his doubts would be gone, because then there would only be her. Despite his efforts, Tony found himself biting his lip bloody when he came inside her, just to avoid shouting another’s name.
“Thank you for not hating me for it” Sif replied, giving an answering clench to the man’s calloused hand and a shy smile.
Steven had been disturbingly silent most of the night, eating when prompted and drinking when speeches where offered. A dutiful Soldier.
That night Thor did not go to bed, he scurried out of the palace straight to Asgards taverns. There he found himself surrounded by the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, all drinking merrily now that their moods seemed to have lightened with ale.
Steven pulled his hand back as if he’d been stung, his expression pursed and fighting between amusement and despair, finally settling on a stern look as he turned away from his giggling husband to finish his dressing out of their wedded room “That’s it, don’t touch my records again.”
“Captain” Hawkeye called, his parachute at the ready and standing steadily at his side as the roar of the Hulk rang below “You do what you have to do, we have your back”
Thor turned to the Head Mistress with a sheepish expression, feeling her hard gaze on him like a physical blow.
“Master Bragi was not wrong.” Thor breathed as they stopped their dancing, still in each other’s arms, where they fit so very perfectly into the other. “Your voice is better kept to the bedroom…
Thor felt panic rise in his chest, he could not deal with his Shield Brothers falling apart. He had already lost his strongest pillar on Earth, he could not stand if all his foundations came crumbling down under him. His existence in Midgard would truly become a bane if that were to happen.
And Thor hadn’t the strength to hear it. He would be a coward, but he would be one with Steven by his side.
“You. don’t. touch. my. husband!” Thor snarled, bestowing a punishing slam of his hammer to the Accuser with each spitted word.
“And what was Steven doing in the Mountains in the ass crack of dawn?” The Director finally appeared, fully dressed and ready as if he had not spent a whole night in slumber. His lone eye staring critically at the Captain who now stood tall and unrepentant under their gaze.
Thor released a long childish wail as Steven strutted forward to the basket he had procured with him and began to set their lunch for the afternoon. “Would you like to join us, General?”
“How about you spar with something of the Captain’s choosing?” Hogun suggested, his tone too light to be innocent. Thor nodded nonetheless and scurried forth to pull Steven away from the dreadful woman.
“You shut up!” Thor shot back, barely regaining his breath as Loki rolled in irrepressible giggles in his bed.
Steve felt a thrill of wonder as he stood before the great Jormungandr, smiling wide to the large creature, now technically his nephew as Thor bounced to his side and curled a possessive arm around his waist, grinning with pride as he said. “This is Steven Rogers of Midgard; he is my husband and your uncle.”
Thor fell to an awed silence, recalling both occasions Loki had wobbled into his rooms, pale and destitute but glowing with pride. Small wiggling bundles curled in loving arms. The act of giving life. Creating a whole being out of his thoughts alone… “I have not seen power of that kind ever again, even from my father.”
Steve smiled and waved as both uncle and nephew disappeared to the far end of the planet in a flash of laughter and slashes.
Frigga released a sobbing giggle, bringing a small hand to her trembling lips as she saw her son in his wedding attire.
“He is your lover” Heimdall guessed, coming closer again, unbothered by the beams that Tony blasted his way.
Here, decorated and furnished in complete Midgardian fashion, was a large studio. Complete with living room, a large workshop and a small kitchenette. Thor had slaved over these rooms and acquiring all the appropriate items to make it near indistinguishable to a Midgardian home, that is, if you ignored Asgards city bulging out the horizon from the large windows that covered a whole east wall.
And promptly jumped into the carriage, slamming the dainty doors shut with a vicious slam, and they were off.
“Thor?” Frigga called after her son, uncertain and frozen with what felt as half a boar rested on her face and hair. “Where are you going?”
Steven clapped a long fingered hand to his chest as he doubled over with laughter. Recalling their first sparring in a fit of cackles that shook his whole body. Thor joined his betrothed with thundering chuckles of his own, pulling the convulsing man into his arms as they avoided a flying body, flung over the bar with a harsh thud.
Steve walked up to the canvas with a tight knot threatening to choke the breath out of his chest. This is what it looked like then. A fresh start… Just like Thor had said.
Thor swallowed thickly to hide the knot of emotion that threatened to reduce him to tears as his lovely husband sighed and cuddled in close to his side, his ear pressed onto the God’s chest and humming a tune in match to Thor’s heartbeat.
“Yep, those bastards just won’t die” Fury sighed his bags packed at his feet and smiled for the worried Captain “We are still collecting information, when it’s time, we’ll call you”
Steve frowned to himself. Well they were both consenting adults. It was nobody’s business but their own!
Thor grinned exuberantly at his fondly pained looking mother, shoveling his weight in food with no remorse.
“Calm down, my heart” She sang, standing on her toes to lean her chin on her son’s shoulder and smile at his mirrored image, both golden heads side to side “You look so Handsome”
The Accuser felt a rush of desire and a grin parted his bemused face before he shoved a hand forward and took the Captain by the throat. The mortal hissed as the blue hand clenched around his neck, the Kree began “I’ll never-“ and was promptly punched in the face.
Heimdall pressed forward, attacking viciously, ever more convinced to bring this man to Asgard. Where he belonged.
Jane dropped her eyes again but gifted his knuckles a tight kiss, clenching her fingers around his for a long second. “I know you have to marry”
Loki gave a sharp, pained laugh and slowly lifted his head to look at Steve, his eyes wide with something Steve wouldn’t put a name to. His face a horrible mask of gapping wounds and blood, sliding down his mouth and neck to pool in his armored chest.  He could see his
“Thor!” Steven gasped, head thrown back with abandon, so very beautiful in his release. Flushed rich crimson, bruised lips gaping around a broken sigh and trembling in Thor’s arms; his thighs caging the bucking hips of his husband, nails ripping at the God’s shirt, catching at the smooth flesh of his back as they both rode out the aftershocks of their lovemaking.
And with that last bit of eloquence the God of Arts turned on his heel and stomped out of their Wedded rooms. Thor blinked after the man and turned to glance questioningly at his smirking husband, crooning another of his Midgardian tunes with a truly wicked gleam to his bejeweled blue orbs.
“The babies made by this union will be precious” Drax declared, nodding resolutely to himself as he too openly ogled the newlyweds. The Captain flushed and Thor grinned proudly.
Thor stumbled back, a collective gasp rising from the crowd as Loki and the Captain blinked owlishly, their eyes darting about as if expecting the real Odin to jump out and cry jest. The All Father’s smile grew wide.
Steven arched a brow but passed the desired pencil without complaint, taking the stub of charcoal and applying himself once more to his work.
At least in this he was well matched with Thor. The captain smiled crookedly, his palm open and waiting for Heimdall’s to acquaint.
“Because you still believe in the good of people, like the good idiot that you are” Loki smirked, turning a page and continuing on his entertainment “I hope the Captain has a better sense than you, or Asgard is doomed”
Heimdall rose to his feet, his all seeing eyes meeting the All Father in that soul scorching honey gaze. Odin smiled.
Thor felt a thrill of lust mix with the cold grip of suspicion as he stared at his beautiful husband beam and cheer, his own lips fighting a smile in their frozen state as he shared a look with Sif and Hogun.
“Ohhh” Barton taunted, adding flames to the fire that began to burn in Steven’s sapphire eyes. “Are you?”
“If I were a pettier man…” The Captain muttered, relaxing back into his settee and eyes darting from his work to his husband in quick shifts of his intense, sapphire orbs. “I’d say you’re compensating for something…”
So when the day finally came and he stood next to the jubilant Captain by the Bifrost gates, he was more than eager to see his Shield brothers and sister. To rejoice in the camaraderie and the security of the mightiest heroes to protect his betrothed. Not that he would ever tell Steven this, as he would probably get his shins kicked for the offense; and his balls too, just to rest his case.
Thor’s throat worked around a knot, catching his hand before it ruined the painting as it extended forth without his knowing, trying to touch that which moved him so.
He walked up to his nightstand and swallowed thickly as he pulled out three little squared pictures, faded and ripped with the passage of time.
“Hawkeye, Widow. Get everyone off the streets.” The pair of assassins nodded and marched into the stampeding crowd. “Iron Man, find Thor”
“But you are, yes. Only you who has grown beside me could ever hope to understand the All Father’s ways. Truly, you are Odin’s son.”
“You must strengthen your wrist” Lady Sif paused again to readjust the Captain’s hand after he had managed to block a swipe of her sword and promptly slipped out of his hands. “Be flexible, but not pliant, or I will break it like a twig.”
“Neither do I.” Thor admitted, holding on to his husband zealously, fervent to prolong this blissful moment as long as he could. Where he could feel Steven’s heart so close to his own, so very his.
He left the man in the middle of the plaza, glaring at any of the politicians who made a move to stop him. He climbed the stairs to meet the Avengers, now sporting equal delighted smiles as they received him among them.
Steven extended his hand for the other human, standing regal in his Asgardian clothes and long flowing cape. Every bit the Prince he had become as he shook hands with Quill “Well, this is goodbye, it was an honor meeting you.”
And with a graceful sprint he darted to the back room with a little wave in Thor’s direction. Thor smiled after him and was in the middle of admiring that sinful behind when he heard it, barely a whisper.
Thor blinked in confusion, finally raising his head from that pathetic slouch he had acquired over the night. Really, defeat did not show handsomely on the God’s face. Loki sighed. “ You cannot possibly be this dense”
“Not that one, you know him” Thor mumbled, positioning Steven in front of Volstagg and ignoring the Captains bemused gaze and Frandal’s gasping protests. “This is Volstagg, the redheaded giant with the strength of 50 men!”
“Yep, what’s an intergalactic travel when you’re riding first class?” The archer joked, turning to grab hold of his luggage, forgotten next to a silent Heimdall “Oh, by the ways, this is for you Sauron.” Barton rummaged in his bag for a minute before producing a red, white and blue box and offering it to the stone still Guardian with a saucy grin “Thanks for the easy landing.”
“Aye, so one day, after one flirtatious comment to much Loki cast a hex on his manhood. The result…” Thor winced at the memory, turning to give the pale Captain a pained look “Let us say the Twins aren’t quite that similar anymore.”
The God bristled in his Throne “You are the one who said we should make allowances for the boy’s courting! Well this is me, making allowances.”
Thor gaped a bit more, eyes darting around the room; expecting Loki to come out and stab him or something that made a bit more sense than the Captain, the paragon of Truth and Free will, accepting he had been tricked into something as serious as impending Godhood with a smile. Thor shifted on his feet and probed tentatively “You are not mad?”
Thor himself was not particularly special, if he really thought of it. It was a humbling experience if nothing else. Thor was rash, easy to anger, prone to mischief to levels even Loki could approve…
And Thor all but tackled the laughing Captain onto the wet sand floor for more of those mind-numbing kisses.
Steve doubled over, holding a hand over his mouth to contain the bile trying to crawl up his throat. Jumping up to his feet Steve knew there was somewhere, someone, who needed his help.
“God this feels so wrong. Is it really Captain America? Like the real deal…?” Quill winced and ran his hands through his hair in dismay  “Man, my grandma went on a
And with a withbearing grin the Goddess Eir left the God of Thunder to mend his mistakes, surrounded by young ones who slowly braved to approach the warrior, Thor felt he could still gleam wisdom from the pair of old bats, Eir and Bragi alike.
“Director, he is the master of Arts, all the children of the court will lose his fine teachings for this.”
“Oh?” Steven blinked down at the Golden God and pressed the back of his hand on his brow, checking for an impossible fever. Thor nodded into the soft ministrations and grinned up to the Captain “Yes, I fear I may need some… sexual healing”
As the night began to set and all the camp had been prepared, a grim mood settled on them all and with a silent signal, Thor and Frandal left their group to walk into the dark woods.
Thighs clenched around the God’s head, there where he was cleaved to the hilt, nose brushing the soft bits of hair, the heavy balls hot and pressed tightly to his bearded chin as Thor worked his throat around the large cock of his lover, relishing the cut off moans and cries as the Captain struggled to hold back his voice under the sensual onslaught.
He left the shower and dressed in his clothes from the day before, patting them to smooth out the wrinkles and walking out of the room.
It would never stop being strange, how these things could be felt when just a few months ago his soul had been such an abstract thing. Now, as he extended a phantom hand to that pulsing, bright bridge between them that had become a comfort, a fascination for Steve, always so welcoming. A shelter.
