Surprisingly, Tony’s face brightened up at the mention of the woman. “Yeah, of course. Agent Carter. My mistake.” Steve watched him for a few more seconds but Tony didn’t speak again, clearly not about to give anything else away.
He loves Tony at 11pm - hedging into 12, in the cover of darkness as they’re so entangled in one another, breathless gasps and small laughs being shared between their lips.
The club is starting to fill with people and the music is rattling the glasses on the bar. Everyone from the parks department has arrived, including Fury who is wearing a bejeweled eyepatch, when Natasha finally walks in.
Tony raises an eyebrow at Fury, “I actually expected Rogers to be the one barging in here. He’s scheduled 11 meetings with us since we arrived,
together where they’ve been pushed back to his elbows and the hem coming down to his
whenever they’re away from each other creep into the cocoon they’ve made for themselves here under the covers.
Rhodes’ smile gets a little doppy just then, “Yeah, Carol’s great. Though I’m surprised you’ve even noticed considering the Steve haze you’ve been in since we got here.”
Fury looks at Tony for a solid minute, and Tony’s hands start to fidget around the 20 second mark but his eyes never waver from Fury’s. “Alright,” Fury says, standing up, “get off your ass, we’re gonna go get a drink.”
Morgan gives a shriek of laughter and the ball of anxiety that’s been building in Tony’s heart
Tony is kissing him.
Steve stays crouched in front of Tony’s chair until his breathing goes back to normal and his eyes don’t look so glassy, filled instead with resignation and despondence and Steve
They’re the only ones in here.
He loves Tony when it’s 1pm and he sends a text to make sure Tony goes to get some lunch and receives a slew of emojis in reply,
“No offense but I don’t recall you having a degree in
Sam puts a hand up, stopping Steve from going further, grin on his face. “Steve, shut up man. I’ve seen you get like this only once, and that was with Peggy. You ain’t foolin me and when I tell Bucky all about this he’s just gonna agree with me.”
There were caterers milling about with trays of finger foods that regardless of portion size, will probably sit like a lead weight in Steve’s stomach.
that,” Tony says, a little breathless as he stares at Steve.
Fury and Tony are having breakfast at Lee’s diner. They’ve been eating in silence for the last 10 minutes but Fury breaks it by asking, “So, when are you going to tell everyone you’ve started sleeping with Steve?”
think
ice-cream, I’m going to eat it all,” Tony says and watches Peter’s eyes go wide.
and so he can live as peacefully as he can with his family, out of the public eye.
The sounds of the ocean waves crashing onto the sand isn’t
At team meetings, press briefings, galas to raise funding - hell, even during team movie nights, - Tony is
“I told ya to quit that,” Bucky chuffs Sam on the back of his head with his metal prosthetic.
“Wanted to surprise you guys,” Tony wheezes, placing kisses on Peter and Harley’s heads and then smacking a kiss on Morgan’s cheek.
“You know the lyrics?”
“Do you think that man will let me adopt him?” Fury asks, completely serious.
. My ma used to say that - that I was reliving a past life and to not think too much of it but I used to downplay just how
that look in your eyes and I will actually melt your shield into a trash can lid if you give me another
saves people from aliens and falling buildings but Tony Stark? No
now — his Ma’s car is still at the drop-off where he can see her still blowing kisses at him through the window, but who’s gonna know — when his eyes land on them.
Steve snorts. “Except the fact that I’d have to move to another state, change my name and possibly work at a job I despise?”
to Bucky’s offence.
There are tears pooling in them and Steve cups Tony’s cheek to rub his thumb across the salt that spills there.
He makes a face at the camera when Tony angles the phone again and Tony doesn’t even notice until he looks at the picture.
Tony took a sharp breath and dropped his sock to the floor.
Fury takes a bite from his piece of bacon, “Stan always knows.”
The sky is steadily getting lighter, taking on a pinkish orange hue. Tony and Steve settle down on a boulder, taking sips from their water bottles.
Steve puts down the plastic bags, “I don’t
after he had left - to find Tony sitting at their kitchen counter, cradling a mug of coffee to his chest and wearing one of Steve’s shirts, he just about melts to the floor.
does Steve have really, if he even had one to begin with.
to be jealous. Tony wasn’t
Tony’s cheeks colour a little at that. “That’s from all the pilates you do.”
has to get up and start getting ready or he’s going to be late.
stuck in a cave in the desert and
“Oh, I came up to see if you wanted to grab lunch but was then completely and
“Shower is fine,” Tony answers, rolling off the bed and stripping away the used sheets.
❄❄❄❄❄
“I’m almost positive Nat knows. Her questions were a little
in his office, Rhodes is often there with him and whenever either of them see him hovering by the door, it is always Rhodes who greets and sees to him. Tony then either goes to the back room adjoined with their office or simply leaves altogether without so much as a nod in Steve’s direction.
Sam gasps, “Offense! Offense, that’s rude! I literally have a degree in feelings moron!”
song.”
Tony drops the blanket, yelling out, “Peek-A-Boo!”
“Steve, take a deep breath,” Tony says. “This is unusual for me, I’m usually the one that works himself up to a panic attack but it’s okay, I can be your Rhodey right now.”
“He called you stupid? To your face?” Sam laughs. “Oh my god please let me be the one to tell this to Bucky!”
Tony looks up at him, arching an eyebrow, “And when did we decide this?”
Tony chokes on his blueberry pancakes. “What?” he rasps out. “That’s disgusting, and wrong. I don’t even get why- you have the nerve- the audacity- I’ve never had sex with anyone anywhere-  and that’s none of your busine- that would be a conflict of interest, technically and Steve is terrible, facewise- and how do I know that you’re not sleeping with him huh- maybe you’re trying to throw me off boom check and mate.”
“Thank you for being here,” Tony says, and Steve
They don’t dare ask about anything related to Obadiah anymore though. Not whenever Steve is there anyway. Not after the last...
Steve Rogers had made an appointment at 11.30am, all with the intention to pitch the harvest festival, folder marked with many coloured tabs and a board filled with graphs in hand. It is currently 11.27am.
down and he loses the plot entirely.
help that his birthday fell on independence day either.
The doors open and Steve thinks his heart might have just
“YOU CAN’T MAKE ME, STARK,” Clint shouts right back, not moving from his slumped position.
one more time, I’m gonna break something.”
“Did you get us presents?” Harley asks into Tony’s shirt at the same time Peter asks, “How’d the conference go?”
. Until then, please leave.”
? What do you mean the opposite?”
Tony laughs so hard when Steve just stares at him that he nearly
All the fight seems to go out of Tony. “I could vacation for like a year at this point,” he says, standing to move the files on his desk to a box.
“May I have this dance?” Steve asks.
Tony comes closer to him and says, “Though cooking me my mom’s Carbonara on the anniversary of her death seems a little on the nose even for you,” he says, giving Steve a small smile. “You’re usually subtler than this.”
If anything, it made it worse.
It trends in under 5 minutes, becomes the fastest photo on Instagram to hit 2 million likes and is the only thing the news covers for a
“I’m a danger, a weak link — and somehow I’m always the
Rhodes shakes his hand with his left, the right still holding his coffee mug, before dropping back down onto his seat, “You can lose the formalities man, as of 10 minutes ago we’re all of the clock so it’s James. Everyone calls me that except for that little twerp over there”
“A harvest festival?” Tony says, an eyebrow arched. “What year is this town in? Do you also pray to the great pumpkin? Ritual sacrifice for  bountiful crops?”
had admitted that while he enjoys painting, he’s not as fond of the clean up.
moving against his skin.
“Uh, sure,” Tony says, gesturing to his uneven plastic chair.
so well.
Steve smiles, kissing between Tony’s brow before moving to the bathroom. “Do you want me to fill the tub or just start up the shower?”
MassArt is only 18 minutes away from MIT when he cycles, but Steve hasn’t seen Tony for nearly a
“Hi, handsome,” Tony smiles up at him. “You’ve got a real dumb look on your face so I’m assuming you like the uniform.”
“Well
Not to mention that he had
The room goes dead quiet awaiting Tony’s response, whose leg is bouncing alarmingly, but he
When Natasha walks into the office, everyone gathers around her and starts singing Happy Birthday, corralling her into the chair by the main desk.
“Yeah, no. He’s actually got the hots for a certain Chief of Police but you didn’t hear it from me,” Tony tells him, miming zipping his lips.
“Tony, we’ve talked about the importance of having a functioning body. I’d like to keep y —” he trails off when he sees the server exit the kitchen, plate and Steve’s future in her hands and tries
And maybe it’s the lights sparkling overhead, or the 2 glasses of wine he had, or the knowing curve of Bruce’s smile he shoots at Tony when he dances pass with Thor, or the
Whenever Tony
“Rhodey is off talking to your Chief of Police. I think he likes her,” he says before taking a sip of his coffee.
“Hey!” Tony calls out, glaring up at Steve. “Alright, alright, you’re so big and strong. There’s no need to show off now,” he says, dropping the box to the floor.
Judging from the flush on Tony’s face and the way he goes back to listening without
a gun?”
part anyway.
It lands with a solid thunk and Steve frowns at him. “You’re so lucky that was just clothes and not something more fragile.”
try to recapture it with his favourite medium to do so, which is now here, waiting to be graded
“What’d you wish for?” He asks when Steve opens his eyes and -
“It’ll suck if we lose the parks department for sure but I’m not actually worried Steve is going to fail,” Clint tells the camera. “I mean, it’s
“Papa, I’m so tall now,” Peter says, clutching the top of Steve’s head and Tony nearly laughs at the way it causes his blonde hair sticks up in all directions.
Tony’s new friend who he’s been spending
“They’re making an improvised mud pool,” Steve explains with a grin.
to him since he got together with Tony, but they did teach him how to sew up a hole so he could fix up his costume when needed.
Tony walks right up to him and takes his face in his hands. Steve seems to stop breathing altogether at this.
Tony gapes up at Steve for a moment before pushing at his chest, rather ineffectively since Steve barely moves. “You idiot! Obviously I’ve been hanging around here for you! Everyone could see that! God, Bruce was ready to kill you last night when I told him that youph-“
“Tony, you can’t just -”
“These are real people in a real town, working in a real building, with real feelings,” Steve says, voice steadily rising.
A small whimper escapes him, so soft Tony thought he’d imagined it but he hears it again and he’s back in bed in a flash - moving to wake Steve up.
“Uh, I’ll fix that if needed,” he says, clasping his hands together in front of him. “But anyway, the harvest festival!”
“Course I did,” Steve says with a shrug. “You and me are gonna be friends. I’m Steve Rogers,” he says, sticking his hand out for a shake.
decided it and I was in full support when I realised you listen to it every single time we come back from a date,” Steve informs him and Tony feels his face heat.
of time with in the last couple of weeks. Tony’s new friend who looks like an
A week ago, they went ice-skating. Tony had been beaming the whole time and whenever Steve kissed him it was like he could taste his happiness. But Tony has lamented before on how he didn’t care for public proposals. Has said that it’s unfair to the other party since it’s almost like they’re pressured to say yes because saying no means being a villain to the crowd that were watching. Not to mention, as someone who grew up in the public eye as the son of Howard Stark, Tony would definitely not want something as personal and intimate as a proposal to be in public. On some level, Steve agrees with that.
Steve kisses the curve of Tony’s shoulder, aggravating the beard burn he put there not even an hour ago. “A few more months,” he sighs.
“My lips are sealed.”
, and he just
that has him home at midnight and awake before 6.30AM but it does help Steve understand his less than cheery demeanour.
Tony stops his line of questioning, brows going up. “Excuse me?”
He gets under their covers, gives Steve a peck on the lips as he wishes him a goodnight before dropping off in less than a minute.
“Okay,” Tony drags out the word, “but why is he billing me?”
“The next time I see Doom I’m going to turn him into a Tin Can and send him to Latveria as a recyclable,” Tony says, dropping onto the seat next to Steve.
Steve has no idea what Frank from 4B
Steve in the meantime?”
about standing here on the dance floor at a
“Well,
angry  cause the man seems like a big old bully and Steve
The entire parks department is on the chopping block if the harvest festival fails, a collateral damage offer that was given not by Rhodes but Steve.
“As I’ve mentioned before Mr. Rogers,” Tony sighs, “I’m here to fix your town’s budget. A mess of which your own government is to blame for. I’m not the bad guy here.”
Tony used to think he was in the mob before coming to the realisation that no one part of the mob would
favourite part of the day.
Happy Halloween!
“Just a few more months and I’ll cut it,” Steve tells him, bending his knees a little and thinking Tony doesn’t notice.
“Oh,” and Steve doesn’t even need to look to know that Tony is smiling, the one that causes crinkles in the corner of his eyes. “I finally,
He had looked so relaxed - so,
“Barnes, where the hell is Rogers? The phone has been ringing insistently about this whole Healthcare Department fiasco,” he says, crossing his arms, the sleeves of his leather trench coat making a crunching sound.
There’s a light in Tony’s eyes that warms him to his core, the colours of sunset bathing them in soft colours and Steve wills his palms to stop sweating as he traces ‘
James “Bucky” Barnes is lounging in the chair of Steve’s office, spinning around in the seat absentmindedly when Fury walks in.
“What? You’re gonna come over to eat my food so now I’m stealing yours,” Steve tells him. “Listen, you’re coming over today. Ma can be scary when she wants to be and not even your dad can stop her.”
on my seat,” Tony replies, voice coming from his walk in closet.
he does, especially so if he’s wearing a fire truck red dress shirt.
working - paying a visit to the Malibu HQ and working on something in R&D.
that doesn’t sit right with him.
“Steve — you, that’s not, that's not fair. You can’t just
“Courtesy of the best bakery in New York,” Steve tells him, holding out the cupcake. “Bucky’s kitchen.”
There’s a Taylor Swift song blasting from the speakers to commemorate Tony’s birthday but Steve — Steve can’t find Tony anywhere in this strange house he got off-campus that Steve is nearly certain is
Tony’s always anxious walking the streets of New York with Peter in tow so Steve placing him atop his shoulders as they walk to get ice-cream eases him and Tony suspects Steve knows it.
every single day to get to where we are, and I
There are in fact cars pulling up and parking by the roadside, mostly all the vendors with their supplies to begin setting up. Everyone is wearing rain boots.
at his neck.
His laugh is derisive when he tells Steve, “We have to be the picture
“I - If you’re going to end things with me, then I’d rather you just
“Really? I ran a 5k this morning,” Tony deadpans.
“I hate all of you for doing this,” she says when they finish and place a mini cupcake in front of her, a lighted candle sticking out.
“Hey Tony,” Steve says, a bemused smile on his face. “What are you doing in here?”
“Thor didn’t fare much better when he found out, - though he probably took it better than Loki did,” Steve tells him.
Steve snorts. “I don’t think I’m even gonna be allowed near him anymore. His partner was there too and basically kicked me out after I called him heartless.”
He snatches it away and puts his glasses on, cheeks pink when he spots Steve.
The moving truck is parked in front of the building so Steve parks his jeep on the other side of the street and Tony jumps right out the moment the car stills.
like snatch them back. “I was
“God, I’ve been wanting to ask you for almost a month now,” he admitted.
“Yeah, beautiful,” Steve says, not looking at the sunrise.
“There better be a vegetable somewhere in there,” Steve says, not entirely jokingly as he moves to stand to Tony’s left and bumps into Rhodes.
“A good morning indeed,” Tony replies, turning in Steve’s embrace, moving his arms up to rest on Steve’s shoulder. “What do you want for breakfast and why is it pancakes?”
Lord knows he’s
, were they standing this close before?
Tony offers him his pinky, letting him know he’s not actually mad. “Maybe - Maybe dad can let you go on his shoulders! Then
He barely stirs besides giving a small snuff into his pillow and
He lights the candle he brought with him and sticks it in the middle. “Make a wish, Tones.”
“I - uh, alright,” Steve says, melting into Tony’s touch and Tony - Tony starts hoping that maybe Steve has been
“Yeah, but now I gotta pay for it,” he turns to walk back towards his own office but pauses. “Barnes, your boyfriend is in healthcare right?”
when Steve got off the bed.
Tony just moves on to biting at the skin on his bottom lip. “Howard will be really mad if I miss dinner. He says the people coming over could really make or break the the company and he wants to make a good impression.”
“Uh, I can’t - if I tell you, it won’t come true,” he says and grabs at the stick in Tony’s hand. “I -I could write it, in the sand for you though.”
“Oh, hi. I’m-“
Steve’s opening the backseat to help Morgan as Peter and Harley climb out, all of them turning to look at Tony in surprise.
“So, do you want to join me for breakfast at Lee’s? There’s nothing waffles can’t fix,” Steve says, hope clear in his voice.
Clearing his throat, Bucky grabs Sam’s arm and says, “We’re gonna go check out some art. Coming Nat?”
“We already do that,” Steve says, grinning down at Tony as he squeezes a dollop of shampoo onto Tony’s palms.
“No, no, it’s fine,” Tony interrupts, “Let’s just sit out here.”
baked good, better than Bucky’s chocolate chip cookies he states,
Though, in recent times, he finds Steve down there with him more often than not, sitting on the couch sketching or playing fetch with DUM-E while Tony tinkers with equipment for the team.
“Shut up, there’s no Steve haze! What even is that. Steve and I are friends and I’ll- I’ll miss him when we go, that’s all.”
“Ugh, you’re an angel,” Steve says, opening up the microwave. He pulls out the plate and frowns. “You cooked chicken tikka?”
He’d walked into the lab once while Tony had been
Until both Natasha and Bruce tweet out a compilation video of them dancing to every single song and tagging Taylor in the post that reads, “co-leaders and now husbands of Earth’s Mightiest Heroes (and presidents of the taylor swift fanclub.)”
“Hiya doll face,” Bucky smiles at him. “What’s a pretty thing like you doin in a place like this?”
Yes, Steve rather thinks he’s going to enjoy himself later.
“Hey sweetheart, you’re early,” Steve says into his hair, carefully holding onto Morgan as she attempts to climb from him to Tony.
Steve cuts him off by kissing him, backing Tony against the wall and kicking away the boxes by their feet.
“Are you accusing me?” Thor says, eyes wide.
Tony stares at him with a look so full of love with the flickering of the flame reflecting in his eyes that all the air rushes out of Steve’s lungs.
Rhodes jumps up, coffee sloshing from his mug onto his hand and to the floor, “What the [bleep] dude!”
Tony’s chest is heaving, whether from the indignation or from the sobs building in his lungs, he isn’t sure.
“I swear to God, the next time a baddie does anything relating to the words Slime, Goo or Sludge, we just hand it over to the Fantastic Four and call it a night,” Clint says, slumped onto the marble counter.
He doesn’t appreciate how many people come up to
Bruce’s entire face goes red and he makes an aborted motion like he wants to flee. No one else in the office even blinks.
by his cheeks.
“Interesting that you’d immediately shoot down his confession Nat,” Clint says. “You not letting someone else take your blame?”
“Steve isn’t- we’re not- limpets,” Tony falters, his italian colouring doing little to hide the pink in his face.
wine, listing into each other as they dance along the cobblestones and all Steve is able to think is
Steve
The camera swings towards the office where from the large glass window, Natasha can be seen picking up the ringing phone before immediately slamming it back down onto the receiver.
For some reason, Steve’s brain latches onto the fact that Tony’s
in it and looks at Steve.
Peter’s shriek of laughter can be heard all through the house.
from you. You were a
He doesn’t enjoy the crowd that forms around him, pushing their best
So completes his morning routine and starts his day like every other day -  with a kiss to Tony’s cheek and with a love that
Steve moves to follow him in the same direction and Tony starts walking faster, “Wha- go the other way!”
He gets a soft smile and affectionate kiss to his temple for it and feels the familiar sting of tears forming. “I, uh, I left some dinner in the microwave for you,” he says, walking to the kitchen, surreptitiously wiping at his eyes.
has been going on these last few weeks Steve? Why are you running yourself into the ground? Did we miscalculate with our finances or - I thought we were doing okay so -
“You should bang him,” Sam says. “Maybe some hate sex will loosen the both of you up and you won’t be at each other’s throats, huh?”
Steve says the only reason Tony tries out for cheerleading is to be a rebel and to effectively drive Steve insane.
He doesn't make any move to pull away though, so neither does Steve.
“I’ve always wondered what you two talked about on your super secret Tony & Nat nights.”
He drinks his shot before going over to where Bruce is dancing with Thor.
The easel is facing a blank wall, where Jarvis projects the videos and there are paints and brushes strewn all over the table beside it.
“I know you guys are always talking shit about me at home,” Steve says, pointing his fork that has a waffle piece on it accusingly at Sam, maple syrup dripping onto the table. “And no, he didn’t exactly call me stupid but it was insinuated when he asked if I knew what the [bleep] his job is. Ugh, [bleep]. He thrives on crushing dreams and sucking the joy out of the townspeople.”
At least this way, Tony wouldn’t have to spend his summer with the damn bastard. No boring Stark Industries work, no reading of mile-long contracts and most importantly, no hour-long board meetings where he’d be stuck in a hot room with sweaty, old men who were interested in nothing but profit.
“I’d like to go home now.” Steve had turned away from him, making it impossible for Tony to get a read on him. Tony didn’t need to see his face to know the man wasn’t happy but the question if he was angry or sad about the conversation still stood. “It’s a nice place. I’m happy you found it.”
Steve was persistent. “I’m fine, Tony. But you should head out and get something for yourself. It’ll give us a little time away from one another.” Then, almost as an afterthought, he added. “If you want to do something else after finishing your meal, I’m fine with that as well.”
That he could do without a problem. “Yes, Sir.” Forgetting that he’d almost died because of Steve Rogers’ beautiful eyes would be a lot harder to do though.
. Filled with memories of his mother and father and Bucky in a time where he had served a purpose, Steve would have done everything to move back into it.
But that wasn’t a place worthy of Captain America. So, here he was, stuck in a place that felt nothing like home and more like he’d get lost inside it.
Steve turned away from the lake, no longer able to keep up the charade. He was sweating, something that happened so rarely even when he ran miles on end, and his chest was rising and falling quicker than it should.
At least not like Steve thinks he does.
?” Tony repeated in disbelief. “Dude, are you trying to tell me that you haven’t eaten at all since you’ve been found?” He was going to go into cardiac arrest, or more likely, his stomach was.
Steve gave him a sheepish look, clearly embarrassed by his need to flee from the situation. “You didn’t have to follow me, Tony. I would have been back in a second.”
Tony had managed to get some food into him after a long day of trying to teach him about technology. Steve had always known that this would be one of the hardest topics for him to understand. Not to accept but to understand. He’d never been good at this sort of thing and Tony was simply
How naive he had been. That didn’t mean that his sacrifice wasn’t any less important, he did save New York after all, but it felt like less of an impact to him.
"Steve, I know that I'm not the first person that you have loved - and you are not the first person I have loved. Thankfully so. I can imagine that our lives would have been rather miserable if we didn’t have people we deeply cared for before we met each other. Well," Tony chuckles but it lacks to deliver any sort of amusement. “More miserable than they already are, I should add.”
Tony had only been there for half a day but in that time, he hadn’t seen Rogers smile once, his face always either impassive or unaffected. Yeah, he’d been pulled into a new decade but it wouldn’t kill the guy to smile every now and then.
The house had all the needed furniture but nothing to personalize it. There were no flowers, no photos, no nothing. Anyone could live here - the house was basically in the same condition it had been when he had moved in. Steve was already planning on putting a few pictures of himself and Bucky up; of the entire Howling commando in general.
Tony was quiet, which was weird in itself - he was never quiet. But now he was and Steve feared that he wouldn’t get the answer he desperately craved to hear. Thankfully, he was saved when Tony chuckled lowly and reached for his hand, softly prying them away from the door.
Groaning, Tony let himself fall back down again, his head hitting the pillow with a dull ‘thump’. Technically, this wasn’t a kidnapping but he was still here against his will. Six weeks stuck in a house with Captain fucking America, war’s poster boy and the world’s golden child.
“What
There was sleep in his eyes that Steve did his best to blink away as he walked through the house, towards the sound of Tony’s angry voice. He located it in the living room, where the man was pacing up and down, phone held to his ear.
“My punishment? Yup, pretty much. Come on, Captain—”
“I know. I
Steve knew though that he had done his own share to distract the genius with his comments - someone who was already having a hard time to stay focused on one thing without external influence as it was. He should have known better.
He shrugged. “Dunno. New house, unfamiliar surrounding. It’s probably gonna take a few days for me to warm up to this.” The quiet but ever-present classic music was still playing in the background, giving every word he uttered a dramatic effect. “You sure that everything’s fine though?”
Not anymore though - ever since he’d become Captain America, Steve had the ability to stand up to bullies and worse. That was why he had felt capable enough to house Tony for the entire summer. If the man had turned out to be as advertised, their arguments would have been loud and numerous.
That didn’t stop Tony’s heartbeat from picking up at the sudden loss of control. He scolded Steve with an angry, “Dude!” as he steered his darling back onto the proper side of the street. “A little head’s up would be nice. You nearly gave me a heart attack.”
“If I buy stuff, like a metal desk for example, could I put it in here as well?” Tony asked after having finished his investigation of the currently present desk. Open seeing Steve’s no doubt confused expression, he explained further. “You do know that I take after the old man when it comes to engineering, right?” Steve nodded, not sure if Tony actually expected an answer or not. “Well, wooden desks aren’t a good idea for me to work with. Except if you want it to be caught on fire, that is.”
But at least, Tony had managed to drag him outside and that was already a win. The weather was nicer than yesterday, the wind not as cruel. It was one of the first days that truly gave off a summer vibe. That was probably the only reason Rogers agreed to take a walk around his grounds.
okay but it’s not illegal anymore.” A leave tumbled down and landed right in front of him, catching his eye. “Might not wanna mention it to your army buddies or someone close because technically, it’s still not allowed
Yes, he’d get this under control sooner or later but for now, he fled. Steve was a soldier - he knew when a battle was lost.
Steve paled where he stood in the doorway, not sure what to do. He had mentioned the close call with the car to Howard when they had talked yesterday - but he’d made it very clear that nothing had happened and that Tony wasn’t the one to blame. Or at least he thought he had.
“From what he told me, it sounded more like you were some kind of god to him. Seriously.” Tony waved his hand in a way that suggested that he was thinking about throwing something away; or dreaming about hauling it at someone. “Talks about nothing more than how
For some reason, something was very wrong with this whole picture and he didn’t know why.
The snort that he heard through the phone made him rethink that statement instantly. “The boy was never good at hearing painful truths. The only time he pays attention or listens to anyone is when they are commenting on his genius.”
Steve spins around before he can say another word, disappearing out of the room and leaving Tony behind to watch his stiff backside as he does so. He wastes no time in taking off after the man. He’ll be damned if they are going to get into a fight over some picture that he doesn’t even care about.
Okay, Steve could hear it now.
The car had only been in his possession for a couple of weeks but that didn’t change the fact that Tony was an excellent driver. He could handle everything that was thrown at him. Too bad that Steve didn’t have as much faith in him.
His old man had really taken it too far with this punishment. Tony hadn’t even gone out to embarrass him in the press like he usually did. Running around naked in public, making horrendous comments that could cost Stark Industries its next big contract, making fun of their company's newest innovation  - those incidents usually pissed his father off the most.
“Just saying!” Tony followed suit, pulling out his car keys as he did so. “But if you’re going for a ride in my darling, you probably want to wear a little more than that.”
“Howard?”
to blame as well
“Liste, Tony—” He halted for a moment, brows furrowing in uncertainty. “Can I call you Tony?”
“Please, there is no need to defend—”
“I’ll manage. I don’t have another option.”
Only that he liked his grandmother - or, Tony was sure that he would have liked her if he’d ever met her. Moving on.
He stretched his legs, eyes not leaving Steve as the man got up to pace around. “Look, correct me if I’m wrong but I’m pretty sure you’ve been checking me out.” At least that was what it looked like to Tony. There had been too many times where he found himself turning to look at Steve, just to discover that the man had been staring at him the whole time. “And by
Steve frowned. “I distracted him. It’s my fault as well.”
“Might wanna turn that on if you’re looking for a distraction. Makes falling asleep much easier.”
Steve shook his head, laughing at the question. “No, Tony. Of course, I have eaten something since I woke up. Just not as much as I used to before.” That didn’t sound that much better but at least he wasn’t in any danger of waking up one morning to discover Steve passed out on the floor. “I’m really not hungry.”
No more words were exchanged as Tony stomped over to Steve to press the phone into his hands. “Here,” he spat out, fingers curling around Steve’s palm. “He doesn’t believe me that you’re alright. Tell him yourself.” With that, the younger man turned around and stormed out of the living room.
“You two seem to get along better than I expected.” Howard’s voice had lost some of its bite again, though he still sounded far from happy. “Very interesting. My son usually only gets along with people like him.”
The sight of Captain America, sitting rigid in complete darkness still didn’t feel right.
Tony took a deep breath before he turned around, hands straightening the non-existing wrinkles in his jacket. “Well, that was embarrassing.” Steve looked like he was thinking the same thing, though why the man was blushing, Tony had no clue. He had nothing to be embarrassed about. It had been Tony who nearly took the nose dive onto the ground, Steve had saved him from that fate. “Thanks, Steve. I know it would have been a lot funnier for you to watch me drop like a sack of potatoes.”
defending him. I’m stating a fact. I distracted Tony while he was driving.” Steve had no idea when he’d started getting protective of Tony, especially since they had talked even less than usual in the past few days but listening to his father talking about him like this - it didn’t sit right with Steve.
“You think I’m afraid to hit an old man? I don’t have any scruples, dude. Don’t test me.”
Silence followed his statement. Tony still wasn’t looking at him, eyes narrowed and a thousand miles away. Steve was starting to question if he’d been heard when the younger man whipped his head around to stare at him, a radiant smile on his lips.
. Tony frowned upon inspecting the last cupboard, finding it to be just as empty as the others.
Behind him, Rogers inhaled sharply. When Tony spun around to face him, the guy had already put a remarkable amount of distance between them, heading back towards the house. His steps were quick, almost too the point of panicked. Little twigs and branches were flying up around his feet from the sheer force of them.
“Well, please be so kind and tell him to refer from putting you into any more unnecessary danger, Captain Rogers. The world has lost you once and I don’t want to see that happening again.”
There was no way of knowing but Steve was almost certain that the younger man’s eyes were tightly shut.
It was the choice of words that betrayed him, the way he continued to clench and unclench his right hand, the foot that continued to tap against the ground without any rhythm. Steve wouldn’t be fooled - he knew all those signs too well.
His own problems didn’t matter at that moment, or in general. Especially when he was struggling with something so mundane. He’d been out of the ice for nearly a month now, surely the nightmares and such would stop soon.
As soon as the call disconnected, he made his way towards the front door to pull it open and step outside. Steve had expected Tony to have stormed off into the treeline, the guy looked like someone who enjoyed storming off and running away from a situation he didn’t want to deal with.
Luckily, Steve decided to take charge of the situation. “It’s fine, Tony. I’m partly to blame as well.”
Surely a father knew his son better than someone who had met him a week ago… right?
Tony made sure that his voice could be heard over the engine. “I won’t.”  Who would he tell anyway? Rhodey? Any of the other people he knew that he could potentially consider friends? His mother? His father?
“Yeah,” he responded in a quiet voice because what else could be said?
Despite having done nothing wrong, Tony feels guilt creeping up his spine. Steve looks panicked, eyes wide and full of worry - and he's caused it. “I-- I was just looking at it, Steve,” he explains in a quiet voice, pulling the polaroid closer to him. “I found it in the bookshelf and you look really pretty in it and-”
Good. Steve had said that it was alright. Tony could drop the subject now and go back to talking about nothing but bullshit as he had before. Too bad that he was an idiot with no filter in sight. “I don’t mind though, if you were concerned. I don’t. I’m—”
“I’ve never seen this model before.” Steve’s hand reached out to trail along the side of it. “Is it new?”
What was that supposed to mean? Steve didn’t know and he wasn’t sure that he wanted to. The way his friend has said it was causing him to shift his weight from one foot to another.
Tony’s fondness of ill-timed jokes could potentially cause a problem during his stay. In contrast to popular opinion, Steve
He walked past Steve, the other man following after a moment. “Is the car even locked?”
“As long as you don’t trip over a flower, we’ll be good.”
And then, he remembered.
Steve was about to pick up the phone for the 5th time in the last hour and call the entire thing off when a knock on his door told him that it was too late - his guest had arrived. There was no one else he expected, no one else that had been in here ever since Howard had handed him the keys to the place with a broad smile and a ‘SHIELD sends its regards’.
Honestly, finding this place had been more of an accident than anything else but Tony was very thankful for it. The puddle of water was too small to freak Steve out too much, or at least that’s what he hoped for. So far, it didn’t seem like there were any problems with it.
Tony came to a halt in front of the living room, head peeking inside. The radio was peacefully playing the tunes as it stood there in the dark. That wasn’t what caught his eyes, however. The unmoving figure on the couch was far more interesting; and disturbing.
. “I’ll just…” Tony let his words trail off as he realized that he didn’t know where he was going with them. What did you say to someone you had nearly gotten killed? ‘It won’t happen again’?
Usually, when everything was threatening to become too much, Tony’s solution was to lock himself into his workshop and stay there until he either calmed down or passed out - whatever came first. He was fine with both. Problem was, with his new home and lack of workshop to run to, he had to make do with what he had.
A part of Steve wanted to do just that, wait in the hallway until the man outside left again - but that wasn’t the right thing to do and Tony was probably just as nervous as Steve was. Probably. Hopefully.
“Nope but I’m really feeling the blue one. I guess we have to go shopping.”
He saw the approaching car right as it began to honk, letting out a strangled gasp as he violently turned the heel in an attempt to steer his darling back towards its proper course. Tony managed to do so, even though there was almost no space left between the two vehicles as they passed each other.
Alright, maybe Tony had been very prominent with bending over any surface he could find just to test that theory and made it especially hard for Steve - but he couldn’t be blamed for that. When you had a theory, it was important to gather as much evidence as possible to prove it. Totally natural.
Tony nodded, even though the motion was lost in the darkness around him. “I get that.”
Steve nervously paced around the mostly empty living room, trying to decide if he should blow this whole thing off or not - all the while pointedly ignoring the fact that it was most definitely too late by now to voice any kind of concern about the approaching situation. If he had only said ‘no’ when Howard first approached him with his request, this could have been prevented.
Well, they’d still have tons of problems but Tony being hungry wouldn’t be one of them.
Does he really come across as jealous enough to tear apart treasured memories of Steve just because he isn’t part of them? Tony knows that he can be quite an ass more often than not but that’s a line he’d never cross.
“Whoa, dude. Language!” This wasn’t going to work if he immediately backed off upon hitting a small bump in the road. Tony might not have been good at talking to people, or communicating with them in general - but he could read them sometimes. When he skipped the part with the unnecessary conversations, when he focused on nothing but
He finds it hidden between the wall of the bookshelf and a thick dictionary that looks like it hasn’t been touched in ages, which isn’t surprising, given that no one is still in need of Latin these days. At least, Tony isn’t. The only reason he has moved it in the first place is because of the promise he has given Steve to clean the room - a promise he is regretting more and more by the second.
“You do?”
and he hates being called that, by the way - is fine. Yes, I know. I know. Yes, the car is fine as well." A pause. "I'm fine too. You know, your own fucking son, driver of said car that nearly crashed. Not that you seem to care."
longer than the way there had.
He jumped up and made a run for the door, Steve following at a much more civilised pace. “Tony, I’m not sure about this.”
He was going to have another word with Howard.
To Steve’s surprise, that didn’t happen. Tony
but otherwise-”
Steve was out of the car and stalking into the field right beside the road in no time. Tony watched him for a second until it became clear that he wasn’t going to return any time soon. With a heavy sigh - and making sure to give himself a mental slap for being so inconsiderate - he got out of the car to follow him. Well, they could walk the remaining distance.
“Feel free to make yourself at home.” Steve came to a halt in the middle of the room, turning around in time to see Tony dumping his duffle bag on his bed. “You can decorate the room while you’re here. I never use it, anyway.”
“Did you seriously need more than half an hour to find the courage to say that?” Deep down, he knew that Steve wouldn’t fall for the bait, that he wouldn’t get angry and drop the entire subject in favour of calling him out on his general assholeness. It still unnerved him when it didn’t happen.
Steve shakes his head in exhaustion but Tony can see the frown disappear from his face. “You’re unbelievable, do you know that?” His voice is too soft to be taken seriously; something both of them know. He presses a kiss to Steve’s cheeks, lips lingering there for a moment.
Tony bend down, a few locks of hair falling into his face as he picked up his duffle bag, once again slinging it over his shoulder. “Alright, I think that was enough pep talk for a first meeting. Where am I gonna crash? Please, don’t say the couch in there.” He pointed behind himself, at the small excuse of a couch that was in the middle of the living room.
When Tony pulls back, he winks at Steve with all the cheek he can muster up. “Of course I do and you wouldn’t have me any other way. Now, back to the task. Frame - what do you say; blue or black?”
Never had he seen a man nearly choke on nothing but his own spit. Steve was saying things through his fits of coughing but Tony couldn’t make out any of them, no matter how close he listened. His fingers ripped out blades of grass as he waited for Steve to collect himself.
“Yeah, it’s a little lifeless right now,” he commented, hands going into the pockets of his jeans. With Tony still having his back turned to him, it gave Steve the chance to properly take him in without feeling like he was being put on the spot. The young man’s upper body was covered by a stylish leather jacket that looked like it did wonders against the cold and a duffle bag was lazily swung over one shoulder.
serious. Plus, I believe his tastes run somewhere a little more blonde and
to let the tension that seeps into his very
And she only ever shares with Tony because she’s
Tony doesn’t fare much better but he drops Steve’s hand and turns away hastily, resuming their trek. “Come on, Rogers! What were you just sassing at me? Sunrise not sunset!”
that.
Steve goes pink but he has a smug smile on his face, advancing to Tony’s desk, “You said to let you know and I’m here to let you know that you better get your gardening supplies and to pick a book to read to the all the animals!” He stops and his brow furrows. “Don’t read little red riding hood though cause the raccoons will get ideas and this town can’t survive that. Not for a second time.”
“Well, I just wanted to do something special for you,” Steve says pulling him closer and tucking Tony into his chest, partly so he doesn’t see the sting of tears in Steve’s eyes and mostly just so he can hold Tony.
There are tears in Tony’s eyes and he clears his throat before saying, “I’m really really sorry that happened to you Bucky. That should never have happened.”
- god, he’s so relieved he thinks he’s shaking - and he nearly lifts Tony off his feet when he starts kissing back.
“Take me to bed,
“I ain’t like Stevie. When I got my honourable discharge, Steve pretty much came with me since his contract was up and funny enough so was Sam’s. I didn’t want nothing to do bureaucracy and Steve honestly hates redtape more than Fury but he’s always liked doing good. The parks department is his way of doing good by this city without actually having to suffer too much politics.”
“If the both of you don’t stop screaming, I’m going to throw you in a vat of this stuff,” Nat hisses at them, picking the substance from her hair.
to physically react to the feeling of Tony’s
“I can feel you grinning right now Steve!”
“Rhodey! Stop ratting me out,” Tony says as he shrugs at the glare Steve sends him.
Tony hums his acknowledgement,
. It’s the opposite, in fact”
Nat’s never gonna shut up about the turtleneck,” Tony huffs, raking his right hand through Steve's still damp hair. “We really should have been more thorough in the shower,” Tony sighs, plucking at a dried piece of slime from his hair.
is clearly visible where it’s
of the tiramisu.
There’s a man standing in front of a boy who looks smaller than Steve does, something he didn’t even know was
deep.”
“Rhodey,” he hisses and the other man grins, holding his hand out.
“You’re being a bad friend, Stevie,” Bucky chimes in.
Thank you for the request pensivegrace! Hope you like it xx
“It was one of you,” Clint says.
It’s Tony’s absolute
He looks, eyes darting up and around the man to stare at Steve who must have a silly look on his face because the boy looks a little shocked and his ears go red but there’s a smile, there and gone before he quickly looks back down at his feet.
She snaps a picture and posts it to both Instagram and Twitter with the hashtag #SleepySuperhusbands.
Sam takes a sip of his tea. “But did he actually say no? After your did your presentation?”
injured yesterday, Tony. I need to know what I did wrong,” Steve says, leaning back and sinking into the couch cushions. “That
“No engineer binging until after food and debrief,” Steve cuts in, left eyebrow arched which translates to,
It has been nearly two weeks since Steve met with Rhodes.
“Is that a yes?” Steve asks, laughter in his voice with a smile so bright it warms Tony to the core.
❄❄❄❄❄
“Yeah, I stopped by the bodega on the way home,” he shrugs. “Can’t afford to keep ordering out anyway.”
Steve felt like he was going to cry but choose to instead smother Tony in kisses.
Tony sticks his tongue out at him. “Oh shut it, let’s be cheesy! Alright, since you didn’t want a cake and from the way Clint is guarding the marshmallows, I doubt we’ll get much for dessert so here,” he says, drawing a cake shaped blob in the sand with the stick. “Close your eyes, make a wish, and blow out the candle before the ocean does.”
A knock on the door interrupts Tony’s rebuttal and not a second later Steve’s head pops in.
But the boy does.
“Yeah, I got into the trial program. Was real lucky. Senator Stark was even there to oversee it.”
“I do trust you.”
They’re holding hands.
They’re walking along with their friends ahead of them, Tony caught up in his rant about how Mr. Vanko is out to get him as they’re coming up to the crosswalk and Steve simply switches sides to put himself between the cars and Tony without a pause in this one-way conversation.
Tuesday’s are their day off, which means it’s become a day spent lazing around in bed - doing nothing productive and scrolling through their netflix
“The next time we take a shower together I’ll be sure John Mulaney gets our invite.”
but so far not one seems to be breaking.
They fly to Florence in the morning, but for tonight they’re wandering the streets after eating their filling of ravioli and having
He tugs Steve down, his back to Steve’s chest. “I - I got worried when you didn’t call. Thought maybe you forgot.”
Steve can’t remember the last birthday party he had that he’d enjoyed.
If Steve were any weaker, he’d just fall right back in but right now he had a
“Nat took a hard hit and you were almost
“Friends,” he says, returning Steve’s beaming smile with a small, but real one of his own.
holding onto Steve’s pillow as he snored lightly.
“I stand by it,” Tony tells him, poking him in the thigh with his toe. “Steve, these things are going to happen on a battlefield. Come on, you know that soldier.”
“It was,” Steve says, tugging Tony back onto the sidewalk as a car passes by, switching to stand to the right as they cross to the hotel for the reception.
God, he’s such an idiot.
Clint, Natasha and Bruce are by the wayside where a dip in ground has caused a pool of mud to form. They’re taping around the area and are arguing over something, Bruce pinching the bridge of his nose.
As co-leaders of the team, Steve and Tony always sit next to each other.
Steve can’t see what the man’s face must be like since his back is to him but he imagines it must be angry and that just makes
really, but Steve’s never asked what she said or possibly did to him, and at this point he’s too afraid to ask.
His eyes seek out Tony again, - an easy task, - Tony always shines brighter than any light in the room - the crowd around him drawn in like moths to a flame.
Steve looks at him a moment longer before sighing, switching the channel to watch J Jonah Jameson yell at the camera about - well,
“Hi, sleepyhead,” Tony smiles down at him, kissing his brow. “You were having a nightmare. Thought I’d bring you out of it.”
to him as it is for others, the smell and taste of the salty air makes his throat feels like it’s
- but he did it! They’re on their date as we speak, and no offence Steve but I don’t he had this in mind for their first date.”
“Don’t try to change the subject. I know that Bucky told you that Tony told him he’s not dating Rhodes so what the [bleep] is going on here.”
Tony looks to where they’re friends are all seated together - near the now married couple before looking up at Steve, “Guess family means something else to me know,” he says
Tony is already looking at Steve though, giving him a small smile, -
“You listen to this more often than you care to admit,” Steve tells him, chuckling lightly. “Plus, this is
“Ah ha! How did you know it was broken,” Clint points an accusing finger at her.
He rubs his hands along his back comfortingly and tells him, “Anytime, Tony,” as if he doesn’t mean
, and
So here he is, queuing at
happens, but nothing
as he watches Tony walk towards him,
anymore? -with Steve whispering his responses into the receiver and Tony is just about at his wits end because he
“You have smashed coffee mugs on the ground before!”
“I doubt it,” Mr. Vanko sneers before looking at the board then scowling when he realises Tony is right.
Steve
Steve must look an absolute fool right now because the cheerleaders burst into giggles around him, Tony included, who walks up to him and
Fury shrugs, “It’s a practical gift.” He taps on his eyepatch, “It’s good to be prepared.”
Steve frowns but after casting another glance at Tony’s desk, he hands over his folder to Rhodes and begins.
Tony seems on the verge of tears but before Rhodes can so much as move to comfort his friend, Steve is suddenly in front of him.
They make it to the top of Eagle Hill at 5.16am, exactly 11 minutes before the sun is set to come up over the town they are now overlooking.
“What the [bleep]?!” Bruce yells, scrambling out of his chair to stand behind Thor.
Steve says but there’s a smile on his lips and -
"You can't prove it," he says from the edge of the bed and narrows his eyes at the mark on Tony’s neck,
, not the way Steve wanted him to be and
man when it comes to his boyfriend and because he knows he’s going to get that little smile - his
Though he might end up finding out tonight anyway, based on how Tony will react.
He’s making his way into the school by himself, cause he’s
, saccharine -
[Shot of Fury in his office, watching the chaos from behind his desk. “It was me. It burned my hand so retaliation was swift. They’ll be at each other’s throats soon.”
Tony’s pacing up and down the living room, trying to quell the
“And I know you said you’re nervous, but you really have nothing to be nervous about Steve. You’re incredibly talented and you’re gonna get an exorbitant amount of money thrown at you from all these stuffy art snobs bidding on your work.”
Peter, completely amused, claps his tiny little hands from inside the crib.
He loves Tony when it’s 7pm and they’re both worn out, but so happy to be
“Oh Steve, I know that today hasn’t always been easy for me, alright, I know that,” Tony said, “but you really didn’t have to go through all this trouble.”
I don’t want - Hey, Tony,” Steve says, walking forward and cupping both of Tony’s cheeks so he can look into his eyes. “Baby, I don’t know what’s been going on in that head of yours, but
Bucky grins, “And who do you have the hots for?”
All in all, the harvest fest was a raging success.
here, at 6.20am, is when he thinks he loves Tony
and a
“Just a few more months,” he repeats and pretends the
Steve kisses him again and doesn’t stop.
“Okay so I
“James is my best friend’s name too but he doesn’t respond to it. It’s nice to finally meet you, I-”
Everyone from the parks department is drunk and dancing on the dance floor. Including Fury, who is singing along to the Ariana Grande track currently playing.
- Tony think the ice-cream is gonna instantly melt in his mouth from how warm he feels as he looks at his family.
Steve laughs, kissing the grin on Tony’s face. “Pancakes sound great.”
“That’s unsurprising, you can barely open your eyes,” Tony says, taking Steve’s bag from him.
“The both of you getting together is the worst thing that’s happened to me.”
Tony swipes at his eyes roughly, “I’m sorry, I just, I looked over the numbers and this really could help the town so much. Yeah, yeah you can save your
before he runs back to his team.
The department heads file out of the conference room not too long after, murmuring to each other about the new developments.
Tony is right.
“Y-yeah, thanks,” he says, sitting up against the headboard.
“Tony, I knew I loved you from the moment I met you. These last 3 years have been the happiest years of my life and the very idea of ever ending
He turns back to the bed but stops short at the sight of Steve curled up, his big frame bent inwards as if he’s trying to make himself small as possible, a death grip on the blankets he’s tugging around him like he’s trying to bury himself in the warmth despite the fact that Tony can see sweat pooling on his brow
Bruce is walking around the mud pit with a tape measure while Natasha and Clint seem to be making the pit deeper and removing any rocks. Natasha has gloves on and somehow barely a speck of dirt on her. Clint is barehanded and there’s mud up to his forearms.
“Hey, trust me,” Steve says, grabbing at Tony’s hand. “It’s going to be okay.”
“There’s only one exit.”
“You got me there, doll face.”
! Like that’s a thing. Anyway, the club is gonna be crowded because a bunch of people RSVP’d back that they’d be here which I’m not gonna lie, is a mystery because who even knew Natasha knows that many people.”
is a near impossible task, so he closes his eyes and thinks of Tony’s smile.
Fury snorts. “Typical. Lord, I might actually have to do some work around here now that a certain someone has all his attention. Here I thought that budget cuts meant less work,” he says rolling his eye.
ring in Steve’s hand
He’s also kind of hoping to spend some time with Tony. He hasn’t seen much of him outside of battles with Tony spending whatever spare time he had at SI but unfortunately, Tony is
Tony to play with his hair almost as long as Tony has wanted the same.
“Why are you so eager to accept his confession at face value Clint? Trying to pass the blame?” Bruce accuses, eyes narrowed behind his glasses.
“Hear what?” Steve grins, swiping a handful of fries.
When Tony comes home, arms laden with bags, one filled with sweatshirts -
He wonders if he should ask - biting his lip as he debates with himself but he must not mask it well - or well, Steve has gotten too good at reading him - because he says, “It’s a recurring dream I have. Since I was a teen really - it’s - it’s like I’m floating, I guess. In this big wide void, just darkness and it’s - it’s
- this is like those last few weeks with Ty all over again.
“Hey, why are you still here?” Steve asks, squinting his eyes at the other man.
“I can’t wait to look rockin’ in all my Christmas sweaters to come.”
“Oh yeah, and what’s the deal?” Tony asked, smiling at him as he sat on the edge of the bed to put on his socks.
because of Thor and misses it because they’re off doing -
this song.
“No, no I’m not okay,” Steve says, grabbing two shots from a passing waitress. He hands one to Tony and downs the other.
all over again.
isn’t how I wanted to do this, - I mean, there was a
At 11.30am Steve walks in. Tony is not in the office, and Steve who had opened his mouth to begin his speech, shuts it so fast the camera picks up the sound of his teeth clicking together.
this, but as he watches Tony moving around the kitchen in his bare feet, the early morning light bathing him in soft gold as he hums a familiar tune with Steve’s shirt hanging off his frame, the fabric of the sleeves
“Come on,” Steve says, gently taking Tony’s hands in his again and pulling him out the side entrance where he knows Happy is idling with the car. “Let’s just get home, huh? The rest of them can find their own way back.”
, Mr. Stark, are still harbouring feelings for a
“I don’t think you understand how bad SHIELD’s debt is. You literally can’t afford to keep him. He makes the highest salary in your department, second to you.”
Tony just huffs, “Every department is losing a Steve Rogers.”
- this wonderful, maddening, roller coaster of a journey with you frankly makes me want to break out in hives. You’re the most amazing, beautiful and brilliant person I know, and there’s not a day that goes by that I don’t thank the universe for thinking I’m worthy of you so-” there’s a box in Steve’s hand, and there’s a
The parks team had arrived at 5.30AM, the sun having just risen with the two financial advisors arriving ten minutes after.
catch him off guard maybe 6 times since they’ve known each other in the last
He hasn’t travelled without Steve since they got
Like 3 nights ago, when they had been curled up on the couch together under the blankets and drinking eggnog, Home Alone playing on the television and the lights from the Christmas tree casting a warm glow around the room and the ring was safely tucked away in Steve’s pajama pants. It was peaceful and perfect yet he still hadn’t asked. Every time he tried, it was like the words got stuck in his throat and he must have made some sort of sound because Tony had looked over in concern. Steve had just brushed it off and pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead and they just continued watching Kevin set up his traps.
“Oh my god, oh my god, it’s ruined! No one’s gonna show,” Tony had said the moment he stepped out of the car.
is out.
“Steve,” Tony crosses his arm, fingers twitching in the crook of his elbow, “What’s wrong?”
feels like he’s home.
“You know, for a tech genius, you sure are easily impressed,” Steve deadpans.
Steve gives a small laugh at that before jerking to where everyone is, huddled around the fire Bucky and Rhodes have got a flame going, “Wanna head back up?”
“I promise I won’t take too much of your time and this doesn’t really have anything to do with department matters,” Steve cuts in, hovering by the edge of Tony’s desk.
“Hey, you’re the one who wanted to stick around honeybear,” Tony says, staring out the office window.
Tony flinches just slightly, leaning back in his chair but his voice is calm when he asks, “Does no one in your department respect doors or just see them as hurdles that must be defeated by splintering them?”
The door of Tony and Rhodes’ office opens with a bang, hitting the wall loudly as Steve enters, shouting excitedly, “I’ve got it! I’ve figured it out!
“This building…has feelings?” is what Tony replies with.
laugh, the one that’s
“You need to turn it off or I’m going to go nuts,” Tony garbles from where he’s laying face down on the couch.
He’s on the couch, wrapped up in
Objectively, Steve knows that Tony isn’t
All Steve can think is how much he wants to have this argument with Tony for the rest of their lives and he just wants to make Tony
Tony looks up from where he's hunched over his desk, scribbling away over numbers but a calculator is nowhere in sight and neither is Rhodes.
Fury leans forward in his chair, “Then fire me instead.”
“Thanks for that,” he says before hauling Tony in to kiss him once more, deeper and leaving him
at him in hopes of turning his eye as if he isn’t in a publicly loving and stable relationship with a man he
Tony’s eye twitches.
Happy birthday Steve! <3
Tony held out his hand for Steve to slide the ring on and then kissed him again.
around the diner and the feel of him where they’re pressed side to side in the cramped booth, he knows who really won.
“Due to this, every department will be facing budget cuts up of at least 20% and effective immediately any projects in the works will be scrapped or put on hold until further notice.”
Tony’s palms are damp and once they’re off the platform and away from prying eyes, Steve sits Tony down and places those palms on his own chest, rubbing at his inner wrist with his thumb. “Count my heartbeat and breathe with it, Tony. Come on — breathe in, there you go, and breathe out. You’re doing great.”
“Maybe you should get out more if you think
“We never actually ordered anything,” Tony says watching the man enter the kitchens.
“I - oh my god, I can’t believe you noticed that.”
at least.
“Of course they do babe, I booked this place,” he says, stepping in and pulling Steve under the spray of the shower.
“I know it’s you who’s looking over all the updates and numbers on the harvest fest and not Rhodes.”
“There, happy?”
Tony has tears pooling in his eyes and Steve is about to step back, terrified with the knowledge that he’s messed up his relationship with one of his best friends but then there’s lips on his lips.
They become the talk of every media outlet for an entire
They eat their pasta and then curl up on the couch together and put on Nightmare Before Christmas because it’s one of Tony’s favorite Christmas movies while Steve firmly believes that it’s a Halloween movie and they have an argument about it
Tony thinks his bones have turned to liquid because he’s suddenly on his knees, kissing Steve and tasting salt.
“Thanks for coming everyone,” she says, smiling at them before wandering off to a group of women by the bar, her gown swaying behind her.
Thor has streaks of mud across his face and Bruce is swiping at him with a baby wipe. Thor has to crouch down so he and Bruce can be level with each other but from the wide smile on his face, he doesn’t find it a hardship at all.
“Me too!” their kids chime in and Tony finally,
Steve comes out from behind the plant and knocks on the door.
It’s a painting of a photograph, one that he had instantly favourited and stared at all day after Bucky sent it to their group chat - of Tony at the park when they’d decided to have a picnic after Nat’s last paper. His head is thrown back in a laugh, but his eyes are open,
He’s been saving for a ring for Tony practically since their fourth date. He had known, even back then when Tony had just turned 18 and Steve was 19, just two college kids completely gone on each other, that he was going to spend the rest of his life with Tony Stark.
- but this
“Your friends are kinda weird but I like them,” Tony says, smiling up at Steve. “What did Sam mean? Hourly rates?”
“But I wa- I-“ Steve begins before he justs turns around and heads back in the direction he came from.
“Yeah, Petey give it just two more years and you’ll be taller than your papa is,” Steve says, laughing at the affronted look on Tony’s face.
And when Tony sees him with the paper bag stamped with the bakery’s logo, the smell of baked goods clinging to him, Steve is rewarded with a smile.
Steve gives a huff of laughter as they cross the road, Tony resisting the urge to flip off the cab honking at them lest Peter look over. “I’ll let Dada climb onto my shoulders later if he wants,” Steve says, shooting Tony a grin as they enter the ice-cream shop and Tony rolls his eyes at him.
feeling spread all the way down to his toes.
“I hate this,” Steve says into Tony’s hair, disturbing the bubble of peace that’s encased them since stepping into the hotel room.
,” Steve says onto Tony’s lips, pulling him to the bathroom when the elevator opens. “It’s a wonder they haven’t caught us yet.”
He sighs softly before slipping out of the bed, careful not to jostle it too much and disturb Tony, who doesn’t need to be awake for another hour.
Tony stares at the paint brushes that are drying out with paint stuck to the handles and the metal mixing palette that had dark swirls of colours coming together that just look like black to him and the plastic container of water that actually is
’ or sometimes slips on after a nightmare because he needs something achingly familiar.
He throws the paper wrap from his lunch in the trash and walks out, leaving Steve to continue staring at the mural.
“That’s such
Steve thumbs stop stroking Tony’s cheek, sighing, “This
When Rhodes sees The Chief, directing all her officers to their spots, he makes a beeline right for her.
Steve’s hands can’t stop shaking.
and there’s a promise in the uptick of Steve’s mouth now — that he’ll trace over wherever someone deemed to
for him except make him more parched.
and they haven’t travelled
“Hey, Stevie,” Bucky says, clean shaven and hair swept back neatly, wearing a crisp white button down. An ensemble Sam - looking put together as he always does-  clearly appreciates from the way he’s eyeing his boyfriend.
His hands start to fidget and he’s biting on his lower lip. “Do you- do we have to leave immediately? Are we being called back? Another assignment?”
of embarrassment from how sappy he feels.
about that guy and Steve —
scheme and frankly, after the craziness of the last
Looking at Tony isn’t an option, so he stares in the direction of where his painting hangs and says, “Just nervous. A lot of my grade is riding on this. Why didn’t you bring Thor?”
he’s sending to Rhodes because —
Tony looks at the rip sadly before carefully folding it and placing it back in his closet. He turns to Steve and gives him a sheepish smile, “Guess it was bound to happen sooner rather than later.”
, or maybe just all the above because when he takes Steve’s hand and says –
“I absolutely hate you,” Tony pants, glaring up at Steve.
Steve has his gaze directed heavenward, sighing, “Tony, these two morons are my best friends and biggest mistakes of my life, Sam and Bucky.”
“There are worst fates,” Tony says, turning in the circle of Steve’s arm, grimacing a little at the slick feeling between them.
Tony flinches at that. “Yeah, he’s a
Tony gapes at him and Steve shrugs, “There’s a difference in the words and the approach the both of you have. He might be saying them, but they’re all your words.”
Tony’s eyebrows go up. “Exactly how fast does word get around in this town?” he asks, looking between Fury and Stan.
Steve pecks him on the nose. “Hi, how are you feeling?”
Erskine gives him an A with distinction for his work and Nat takes them all out to dinner to celebrate, treating them with the pool money she won from the
Tony smiles up at him. “There you go, deep breaths. Steve listen to me. Just because one vendor pulled out doesn’t mean everyone else is going to. I’m sure there’s already someone who’s called that’d be happy to take their place. It’s all going to be fine.”
There’s a slight quirk to Tony’s lip when he says, “Nat’s going to kill you if she has to ask SHIELD for a drop off. She’s still fuming at Fury over last time.”
“I don’t know, I felt like we were thorough earlier,” Steve smiles at him.
He continues reading for a bit - The Turner House, a pretty good read - before calling it a night, Jarvis dimming the lights as he places a kiss on Tony’s cheek before settling in behind him.
young and wide eyed, staring at Sunset Bain and thinking he knew what love was.
is the true testament to how tired Steve is because he’s almost
line of questioning, he takes the case back from Natasha and closes it. “I’ll hold onto this until we get you your permit and then I’ll take you to the range for lessons.”
- both of them caught up with assignments and well, Tony’s been caught up with his new friend -
Steve takes a breath and Tony thinks he sees condensation when he exhales. “I can’t move, I can’t scream, I’m - I’m just
— and not at all because he’s pulling in big gulps of air.
Tony glares at him from over the top of the box as he reaches for it. “You didn’t
Steve can be seen bringing the number back to zero on the “
“Yeah, why don’t you spiel that [bleep] to someone who’ll believe it. You like him, I know you do s-“
“So what? You’re just gonna let him go without telling him how you feel?” Sam asks, disbelief in his voice. “Man up and just talk to him! It’s been nine days of you dodging him! Nope, don’t even try to deny it, Natasha and I talk.”
Tony laughed before falling onto Steve and crashing on the floor with a shout of “Yes, you idiot! Oh my god oh my god!”
Tony watches them go, only walking closer to Steve after hearing the elevator doors close. “Hey,” he says, circling his arms around Steve’s neck.
Bucky huffs a laugh. “You know, you’ve been surprisingly open and honest. I wasn’t expecting that.”
Tony only huffs, mouth full of chocolate chip granola.
“Yes it is,” Fury says, already walking out the door and not looking behind to see if Tony is following him.
“GET YOUR DIRTY FACE OFF MY THOUSAND DOLLAR KITCHEN ISLAND BARTON,” Tony shouts, stomping into the kitchen, looking relatively unscathed except for the streak of neon green
“I like it, but you know what I love better?” Tony says, drawing another heart next to his. He adds a
“Sorry I’m late, I was with -”
Steve steps inside, “I actually want to talk to you if that’s alright.”
but Steve can’t really fault her for it.
So, tonight was going to be the night Steve asked him. They were going to have a romantic candlelit dinner at the apartment where Steve had cooked Tony’s favorite food, a classic Italian Carbonara with a recipe from Tony’s mother. The table was set and there were rose petals around the table and on the floor. Steve even decided to just screw it and open the bottle of red wine they had been saving for New Year’s.
Surprise is clear on Tony’s face. “Steve was in the military?”
“Well, I’m glad I was here to help,” Tony says, scooting closer to Steve, burrowing into his side.
“Should we get the check?” Tony asks, setting down his glass. “We’re the last ones here and I can’t begin to imagine how much the servers must hate us right now.”
“I’m gonna fall asleep right here if you keep it up,” Tony tells him. “Switch.”
In the morning, when the skies are clear and the sun is shining, the grounds where the festival is being held is muddy. The booths and stage that were set up two days prior hold steady but anyone who is doing any walking today is going to get dirt splattered all over them.
of the evening wasn’t evident on his face before, it definitely is now because Tony is staring at the ring, eyes wide and mouth slack.
anecdotes about Justin Hammer or simply because he wanted to hear Steve’s voice.
[Cutaway scene of everyone inebriated and talking to the camera.
She’s dressed in a black gown that has fur trimmings along the hem and sleeves complete with gloves and a veil.
“So, it was Thor?” Steve asks.
“That’s some wise words, Bucky.”
Steve frowns harder, putting the plate back in the microwave and setting it to 50 seconds before moving to stand in front of Tony. “What’s wrong?”
In a role reversal of their positions a mere three days ago, Steve takes Tony’s face in his hands and tells him, “Tones, no one is losing their jobs. We’ve got this handled. I promise the residents of this city will not let something like a little mud stop them from having their fun. You’re not heartless, you never have been. And I’m sorry for
It probably
He takes in Tony’s position on Rhodes’ lap and his face turns an alarming shade of red. “Uh sorry! I should have- I’m- I just wanted to- lunch- but clearly your-bye” is what he manages to say before closing the door with a slam.
“Don’t be so dramatic.” Without stopping in his tracks, Tony turned his head to glare at Steve. The man’s face remained a facade of passiveness as he stared back the cocking of one eyebrow the only sign that he accepted the silent challenge in the air. Actually, it didn’t feel like a challenge; more like… Tony didn’t know.
The words are cut short when Steve’s eyes land on the object Tony is holding, his mouth still opened but no sound leaving it. He takes a step forward, hand reaching out even though he’s nowhere near enough to grab a hold of the polaroid. “Give me that.”
That seemed to satisfy Tony and he took a step back, gesturing for Steve to make a move for the staircase beside him. “By all means, then. Lead the way.” Steve didn’t need to be told twice. He was at the bottom of the stairs in seconds, eagerly starting the climb. The soft creaks of wooden steps behind him indicated that Tony was following.
Steve could only imagine.
But Steve had already done that before, back when he had been here with Tony - and running hadn’t helped, hadn’t kept the memories from flooding back into his mind. They had threatened to drown him, almost like they were attempting to finish the job that the ocean hadn’t managed to do when it had swallowed him up.
“Tony, what are you talking about?”
They arrived at the top of the stairs, Steve quickly walking past the several other doors in the hallway, Tony close behind. The young man agreed with Steve about the house being a tad too big. “How many people live in this place?”
Yes, Steve really shouldn’t be concerned about Tony Stark - and yet there he was, staring into the distance, not able to enjoy the time he had for himself because he was too busy hoping that Tony didn’t go through with his promise from earlier.
Agent Carter.” He didn’t know
His brain had the habit of running on full speed, no matter what time of the day. In the deadly silence of his bedroom, there were few things it could latch onto which resulted in him tossing and turning while ideas for one thousand and one things that kept sleep away. The soft buzzing of the running TV helped.
“No.” He was about to round the car and get into the passenger seat when the word made him stop in his tracks. “Well, yes. Sort of.” Steve frowned but Tony was too busy playing with the radio to notice. “I am going somewhere. You stay right here. I was told that I’m not allowed to drive you anymore.”
No, this fire smelled of destruction.
Steve walked past him, completely ignoring his own jacket until Tony threw it at him. He whirled around, catching it just in time before it fell on the ground. “It’s nearly too hot to even wear a shirt,” he complained but didn’t make a move to put it back on the coat hanger.
Steve was in the middle of throwing on his jacket. He shook his head in apparent exhaustion but the grin on his face was unmistakable. “Amazing, really.” Tony pouted at the blatant sarcasm but decided to let it slide. The man hadn’t eaten in days - that would make everybody cranky. He watched as Steve pulled open the door and got inside, followed by Tony jumping over his side just for the sheer fun of it. “Quick question, though. Who is that Burger King you want to take me to?”
When Steve told him that this was all becoming too quick for him to follow, the look of utter confusion he’d received nearly made him laugh out loud. But as much as Tony had wanted to continue at this rapid pace, he’d done his best to make it as easy for Steve as possible.
He grins when they get to the door, placing the boxes just outside before sweeping Tony up, carrying him over the threshold.
ending with a kissy face.
“Alright, if the members of the press have nothing of
He shaved his legs and Steve thinks maybe there’s glittery body oil on them because there’s
is how the artist
! What are we, 15 years old?”
,” Tony keens and his centre of gravity
in his tux and he just knows that the camera is recording his slack jawed expression because Tony is grinning at him as he makes his way down the aisle.
“Yeah, I’m sure you’re real torn up over having an excuse to hole up in your lab to finish off the Mark 56,” Bucky drawls, flicking at Tony’s head as he heads to the fridge.
It doesn’t occur to him until much,
“You know, we're not exactly being
Tony kisses him, hard and fast -they’re lucky their teeth didn’t clack together - before pushing him off to the field. “Go on number 29! I can’t cheer for you if you’re terrible.”
Rhodes just shakes his head at him, “You really are a moron.”
He moves off the bed, bare feet shuffling against the plush rug across the floor to look up out the window.
- and can actually keep up with Tony’s stream of science talk because he’s studying
- this is why it’s Steve’s least favourite part of his day.
to being good enough and now -
Tony handles the mending of Steve’s suit now. It used to be SHIELD, but once Tony got his hands on it, he refused to let SHIELD get anywhere near any of the Avengers’ suits.
Steve eventually silences all the questions they get bombarded with when out in public by just kissing Tony in full view of what seems to be every camera in existence.
Juggling their respective classes as well as part-time work to ensure they can keep renting their tiny apartment and get by every month means they don’t often have time off to just
So as they’re sitting here at what is a routine press briefing meant to discuss yesterday’s events and the growing nuisance that Doom seems to be proving, Steve doesn’t expect the question.
and what Steve imagines sunshine would sound like, but he still manages to get a laugh and that’s the important part.
Tony is gesticulating wildly and speaking in rapid fire Italian,
“You - you
“Such lies, Rogers,” he says, moving back to haul himself atop the kitchen top. “I
“Ecstatic,” Tony replies drily, holding his hand out to Steve who takes it bemusedly, pulling him down to his side so they’re both laying across the couch, legs tangled in a mess.
Steve stills then nods. “Yeah, I like the colours.” He takes a breath before looking at Tony. “I like any colours that mix in red and golds like that.”
, 3 times before they disappear from his wardrobe - he sees the hoodie on the chair where Steve left it and stills.
he hears in his head is the sounds of a clock rather than a time bomb.
The townspeople start arriving within half an hour and by noon, the park is filled with people.
“Yeah, we know
“I’m fine, no memory loss for me. Only affects you if there’s skin to skin contact so I got lucky,” Tony sighs. “My suit, well, not so much.”
of a bad situation. Bucky always managed to sneak a loaf of bread and some cheese - Steve still has no idea how he managed it considering Mrs. Covington
They both freeze, eyes comically wide before springing apart, their clasped not letting the other get too far.
? You’re even speaking like Rogers. And are you gonna
Steve gives him a frown at that and Tony huffs, “I said
“Getting to be with you the last 3 years has been some of the best years of my life, and I’m including all that time in the ‘20s,” Steve says, looking at Tony whose eyes are starting to mist. “You’re the most amazing, beautiful,
“I know you do,” Tony says, turning his head so Steve can hear him, “but I don’t think it’s healthy for you to-”
, shoulders hunched in and staring at the ground while the man seems to be scolding him, like his Ma does sometimes when he gets into a fight with the boys down the road.
“Why aren’t you standing by your work?” Natasha asks, looking gorgeous in an off-shoulder black dress, her eyes narrowed at him.
Steve isn’t surprised, par for the course whenever Tony’s been on a binge in the workshop.
that Tony used to date Victor Von Doom.
Steve pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs, “Why would you give
“Today is what all of us
He knows that Tony taps at his arc reactor surreptitiously whenever he needs reassurance or whenever someone likes to bring up SI’s
Nat comes limping into the living room a few hours later and spots them both asleep on the couch, Tony’s hand in Steve’s hair and Steve’s hand on Tony’s well -
“We gotta wash up or we’re gonna be stuck together,” Steve says eventually though he makes no move to get up.
since he wears lifts in his shoes whenever in public and when in the suit, he stands shoulder to shoulder with
- but he’s shivering.
“Shut up and make a wish Romanov,” Fury tells her.
Bucky chuckles, “You know I was kinda delirious when Sam got me and according to him I asked ‘Does it hurt when you descend from heaven like that’ but he still went on a date with me so I guess my lines ain’t all too bad.”
The indignant shout Tony lets out wakes the rest of the tower.
, his legs instinctively wrapping around Steve’s waist and just about ceasing all brain function when he feels
“Somedays I think I should have kept my identity to myself,” he says, after the silence stretches, still not meeting Steve’s eyes. “I never get to
Steve is not biased.
“Uh no, not yet,” Steve says, actively quelling the urge to
“I’ve no idea where Stevie is,” Bucky says, still spinning. “We were supposed to have lunch today but that was 20 minutes ago and he ain’t answering his phone.”
“I was young and naive and new in town!” Thor shouts.
now. Well, I knew him as Dad growing up.”
in love with Doom anymore, right?” Steve says, and he really didn’t mean for it to come out as a question but part of him just needs to hear Tony
“Hey! Bucky right?” Tony greets when he spots the man sitting by the duck pond of Eagleton Park.
Tony’s light radiates even brighter in Italy.
She sees it and sends them congratulatory flowers.
He’s just fanning out the brushes on some paper towels to dry when Steve wanders in, arms laden with plastic bags full of acrylic paints and what appears to be a Bob Ross Painting Kit.
“Oh, sorry,” he says, moving to stand next to the other man, watching two cars roll to a stop as the light signals for them to cross.
Well, either that or he’s got a gambling addiction he’s managed to hide for the last 3 years and is now in serious debt because these are the only options Tony can think to explain why Steve’s picked up
but it’s still better than
while they’d been on tour, not all necessarily
Stan just laughs, “Don’t you worry son, you’re not town gossip just yet but I do know all about you since Steve’s been coming in almost every day this last week to eat me out of my waffles and to complain,
And Steve likes to think that all that close proximity has made them both extremely attuned to each other, or - well, he knows it has on
He’s currently pacing up and down the floors of Tony’s office. “One of the vendors pulled out at the last minute. Oh god, what if it starts a chain reaction and slowly but surely all of the others start to pull out and then there’ll be no booths at the festival which wouldn’t even make it a festival! It’ll just be a bunch of people standing around on the grass, going hungry and restless and then they’ll start a mob and call for my head on a spike and then-“
Steve’s face must have morphed into the strange expression he does whenever Tony mentions anything about his home life because when he looks up from the plate of fries he’s not eating he gives a
He doesn’t enjoy having to commiserate on the
“Okay,” says Rhodes, “we’ve gathered all the department heads together just to keep you in the loop of the state of your budget.”
since Tony has been so
l once Morgan came into their lives, so these last 4 days have been brutal in a new way for him.
This is Steve’s
“You know,” Sam says, cutting of Steve’s stumbling sentence. “I’ve been hearing an awful lot about this Tony and I still haven’t met him but from the way you’ve been behaving since he rolled into town, I’m just gonna go out on a hunch and assume you think he’s hot.”
because those are
He snorts when he sees the state of Tony’s sneakers. “You don’t got the weather app on your phone sweet thing?”
Fury takes out a ziplock bag from his pocket that’s filled with popcorn and starts eating.
later that he and Tony held hands all through lunch and neither one had said anything.
Pink dusts Tony’s cheeks, and he clears his throat, “So Rogers, what’s this idea you have that’s lead to the demolition of our door?”
“You can’t prove anything, Rogers,” Tony says but Steve knows without looking that Tony’s smiling.
“What? Nothing - there’s nothing wrong,” Tony stutters.
Steve, holding onto his drink with a pink umbrella sticking out of it, “I didn’t even say one thing and they attacked me, not one thing and then it was the whole thing-“
Rhodes doesn’t say anything for awhile, tipping his head back against his chair once again. His eyes are closed when he says, “We don’t have to leave just yet. Maybe we can still stick around until we know for sure that the town won’t run into the ground again if we leave.”
to be jealous but he doesn’t know what to say to all that except for, “Good for them.”
whiteboard.]
tired, and Steve is a weak,
Bucky stops spinning in his seat. “You lookin for a therapist?”
He’s going to be sick. God, he should have picked a different painting, one that
The mural takes up the entire wall, depicting an entire meadow filled with wildflowers.
He loves Tony when it’s 4pm and they’re both tired from work followed by their classes, and Tony calls him from the lab with
“Hey, they have your favourite fancy soaps!” Steve calls out over the sound of the water.
for half an hour before deciding on something to watch - or it’s a day where they run errands and do chores, the pile up of their laundry growing too large to be ignored.
pointed the other night,” Tony tells him, dropping his undersuit onto the floor before stepping into the shower, fiddling with the knobs until water rains down; warmth seeping into his skin and steaming up the room.
this is Bruce’s doing.
because he’s standing there wearing the cheer uniform just —
But when he shows up to practice, already making his way over to where the cheerleaders are to say hello and maybe steal a kiss, he thinks that Tony is trying to put him in an early
Tony tells him that he does it so he can stay in shape since now he has to keep with Steve’s insane growth spurth over the past year and so he can be
, he hears Steve’s car pull in the driveway and he rushes to the front door, throwing it open.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about Sam. Just leave it,” Steve snaps.
“Steve, is that what I think it is?” Tony asks him, eyes still on the ring.
“We have to head back to DC soon,” Rhodes tells Tony, tipping his head back and staring up at the ceiling. “We were only supposed to be here for, at most, 2 months and it’s been almost 3 now.”
is untrustworthy and the wild card of the team — a liability. I should have just stuck to those cards,” he says all in a rush, and he’s blinking rapidly, staring up at Steve now with wide eyes like he can’t believe he’d just said any of it at all.
“No, no, just that you wrote out the equation wrong,” Tony says, shutting his book, his phone wedged between the pages.
Thank you for the prompt Tanisha! I'm sorry it took me like a
The harvest festival is set to happen three days for now.
. That you were still here, because of me.”
The band they hire barely blinks at the setlist Tony hands them that has
“I’m not mad,” he says, hands on his hips. “I just want to know who broke it.” He fixes them all with a look that is trying to convey
“We needed to be here to see if the festival was a success. And it was,” Tony turns to look at Rhodes.
And well, being newlyweds probably adds another layer to it too.
Steve whips his head to stare at Tony so fast, he’s possibly sprained something. “What do you mean ask
There’s a far off look in his eyes that Tony recognises all too well.
around his temples - no product or styling other than him running his hands through it every 5 minutes.
“As I mentioned before,” Rhodes says, “your meetings regarding your department will be handled by me. Mr. Carbonell has other pressing matters to attend to. You may begin your presentation.”
“Who broke it?” Fury asks the office, all of whom are gathered around the broken remains of a coffee maker. It is smashed almost beyond recognition.
, at Sam. I’ll go get you your orders,” he says before walking off.
He supposes out of everything, that is what he truly doesn’t enjoy.
that he found out about that night.
“Surprise!” Tony shouts in his ear.
Steve just pulls a grumbling Tony onto his lap. “Didn’t hear you complaining at the time.”
because I’m definitely gonna get Pepper to -”
making you think otherwise.”
but that brilliance is
anything! You said I’m
can be tall!”
Tony blanches, but stands nonetheless. “It’s 11AM.”
“A top notch gift,” Natasha says, placing the placard on her desk.
listening to the conversation around him, Steve thinks his message has been received.
Natasha looks right at the camera and mimes stabbing herself, but the corners of her mouth are edging upwards.
There are barely any hiccups except for a minor incident where a raccoon got into the mud pool, Natasha got her hands on some chinese throwing knives and proceeded to give a demonstration of extreme accuracy when some guy asked her what she was going to do with them and also when Fury kept flashing a piece of paper that said
Steve decides then and there that this boy is going to be his friend and he waits for him, the man leaving with a dismissive wave as he walks over to his very
“You’re an absolute moron and quite possibly blind too.”
along under his breath, the words floating in the scant space between them.
If the
but I never factored in the goddamn weather and now everything seems ruined-“
“Oh my god, that was
Tony turns and raises an eyebrow at Steve, who stands and walks towards him.
“You look cute,” he tells him and Tony’s nose scrunches up the way it always does whenever someone calls him cute.
would ever cheat on him - but he’d thought that with Ty too, and we all know how that turned out.
“Smart move,” he says, before going quiet, looking down at their entwined fingers long enough that Steve stops rubbing his thumb along the back of Tony’s hand.
and Steve — well, Steve tries not to go completely red at the
Tony actively keeps his body relaxed,
“It’d be happy if maybe you weren’t trying to put people out of jobs,” Steve replies, frown on his face.
Currently, Steve is hiding behind the potted plant in the hall a few feet away from their office. His blonde hair and broad shoulders are sticking out very visibly.
He takes a deep breath, standing up straight, shoulders back. “Okay, I want to start with an apology. Mr. Carbonell I had no right to say what I said to you and I hope you can forgive me. I got too caught up in my idea, bringing the harvest festiv-“
inspired by
God, Steve loved him.
“I can handle it,” Steve says, sliding into the backseat after him. “I’ll just tell her it was Sam that ruined her boots on that last mission.”
He brings Tony’s hands up to him and places a kiss on the palm, “There was a slight hold up. Just, wait here.”
Clint who is holding onto a man wearing a suit whose tie is askew and hair wildly out of place, “My husband has finally decided to make his debut! Babe! Babe say hi to the camera!” The man looks at Clint fondly and kisses his temple. “I’m Phil,” he says.
or in predestined fate because I think we make
dreams when I was over at yours. Maybe my bed is cursed.”
that took precedence, so he gets ready as quietly as he can before slipping out the door.
and Steve smiles right back, knowing that they’ll get to pick up greasy pizza from Sal’s on their way back to the tower, that when he kisses Tony he’ll taste the apple juice that Tony’s been drinking out of a champagne glass all night, that they’ll get back to the tower and peel each other out of their suits, the silk tie around his neck being used to bind for wholly
He loves Tony when it’s 10am and he comes into the coffee shop when they’re both on break and Tony is there with a mug waiting for him.
Tony just winds his hands around Steve’s neck and kisses the frown of his face.
Steve laughs then winces, groaning which causes Tony to huff in laughter.
“Thor’s dad is a real piece of work though,” Tony continues. “Bruce practically turned green when Nat came to tell us that he showed up.”
Steve seems to be panicking but is trying very hard not to let it show. He’s failing rather spectacularly at that.
to me, I do not want to break up with you. Not now,
Tony looks up from the papers strewn about his desk, his glasses sliding a little down his nose before he pushes them back up with his index finger. “Uhm, Rho- Mr. Rhodes isn’t here right now,” voice clear of any emotion. “You’ll have to come back later if you want to talk to him.”
Bucky moves over on the bench and gestures for Tony to sit. “Sammy is an even worse flirt than I am. It’s a miracle we even got together at all, but that’s fate for ya.”
- I’m sorry if I made you upset,” jostling Steve as he tries to reach his hand out to hold onto Tony’s.
The surprise is evident on Bucky's face but he schools his expression pretty quickly. “I thought your last name was Carbonell.”
to do it, though he does spend
it, it’s tedious is all.”
He grabs the materials and brings them over to the attached sink in the room to clean them, looking at the disgusting black swirl that goes down the drain when he dumps out the water.
Steve had never seen someone change moods that quickly and if he was being honest, it was freaking him out a little.
He doesn’t know how the polaroid ended up this broken and crumpled but Tony knows better than to ask. He simply takes Steve’s hand in his and gets up from the bed, pulling the man with him as he does so.
It was easier to deal with people when they were mad and yelling at him.
who the hell told you—”
“Nothing,” Tony replied after such a long time that Steve had nearly forgotten about the fact that he had asked him a question, too caught up in his mind. "It’s nothing. Alright, maybe it’s not
“Fine. Come on,
Tony waited for the man to say something else but Rogers appeared to be content with staying silent, head still turned so they were facing each other. Being more than just a little uncomfortable, Tony pointed at the TV in the corner of the room.
Sighing deeply, Steve slowly walked over to the front entrance to let the young man in. He made it halfway to the door when a second, more forceful pair of knocks echoed through the house, accompanied by a “Listen, if you aren’t planning on opening this door, I can fuck off again. Got no problem with that.”
Despite his silent promise regarding not causing Steve any further panic, Tony felt the car speed up. The wind was still not strong enough to drown out the words that were spoken and Tony
His son clearly didn’t share that opinion.
I promise that I’ll do my best to not burn us into crisps during my stay.”
Tony gaped. “Monstrosity?! How dare you?” No one could talk about his darling like that, not even Captain America. “She’s the sweetest gal around and I expect an apology when we get back.” Steve’s huff told him that it wouldn’t be easy to make that happen. If there was one thing Tony was, however, it was stubborn. He’d get that apology - sooner or later. “We better get going. If we hurry, we’ll arrive at just the right time.”
...but whenever they weren’t sitting together on a table, whenever Tony wasn’t babbling on about something very important that shouldn’t be forgotten, it left Steve filled with a certain kind of dread. As much as it bothered him, it wasn’t something that he could control.
“I’m sorry.” It was the only thought that came to his mind, even though he had no idea
None of it did he actually say out loud but the look on his face must have been enough for Tony to decipher. He gave Steve a small smile, this one looking much more genuine than the one earlier. “Thought so.”
Tony’s voice brought him back to the present. “And with SHIELD, he probably meant himself. Not that much of a difference, right?” Steve’s hand was on the doorknob, about to twist it open but hearing those words made him freeze.
The water is
because why else would it be so cheap it practically a
“What the actual [bleep]?” Sam shouts when he sees her. “What this supposed to be a costume party because I didn’t get that memo!”
Tony finds him in their bedroom, sitting on the perfectly made bed, still looking at the photo in his hand. Steve doesn’t move as he approaches him, though his eyes dart up to look at him. That’s good, Tony thinks hopefully. He can work with everything that doesn't involve Steve running away.
anything that could have potentially offended Rogers. No, he had been nice and supporting and offered to give him a stupid lesson about the end of the war. Wasn’t that the right thing to do? Teaching him about all the stuff he missed-
Rogers didn’t say anything for a moment. In the darkness, Tony couldn’t even see if the guy was actually looking at him or not but there was no way in hell that he’d switch on the lights. This was already creepy enough without seeing the look on Roger’s face.
A freshly turned 22 troublemaker inside his home didn’t sound like the best idea. Oh, Tony Stark was supposed to be one of the smartest minds of his generation which Steve didn’t doubt, knowing his father and all - but he was also supposed to leave a trail of fire and outrage wherever he went.
But he couldn’t do it, not right now. The wounds were still too fresh and even though he was acting illogical, Steve wasn’t able to change that. He was sure that, with time, he would heal and no scars would be left.
With a low growl, Tony dropped himself on the nearest chair, fully intending on sulking right there, in the middle of the kitchen. He didn’t even bother with switching the light back off. If Rogers woke up, it was on him. If the guy had simply made one trip to the store, they wouldn’t have a problem.
Tony hides his face in Rhodes’ shoulder, voice muffled, “We’re friends! I don’t even know if he’s gay. And I doubt he’d want to go out with me if he were anyway.”
has good intentions, that’s all.
but he also has his own mini library with a reading nook that he goes in whenever he wants some peace and quiet.
makes blueberry muffins on Tuesday - a fresh batch in the early morning that is always sold out by
of hesitation to refute it, causes the entire press floor to burst into noise; laughter replaced with questions and accusations being hurled in a cacophony of sound and flashes that makes Steve’s head hurt and Tony’s breath come in stutters.
Fury hands over a small grey case without any fanfare and Natasha opens it to reveal a gun.
“Yeah,” Steve grimaces, walking in with Bucky, slime all over their suits and in the plates of Bucky’s arm. “If I have to hear Buck ask me
He briefly wonders if he should
Thor nods at him, eyes bleary. “Yes, smashing? Who’s smashing? Are we gonna smash? Let’s go,” he says, pulling Bruce away to the exit.
And back before any of this, Steve had been mending his own suit during the war. The USO girls had taught him
“Hey,” a voice says behind him and he doesn’t jump because
He’s standing by the kitchen before it comes to him and he’s off like a shot up the stairs, nearly bowling people over in his haste.
“Yeah,
Steve’s brow crinkles but he takes steadying breaths and doesn’t look away from Tony’s face.
If the man wasn’t a grown up Steve might have just gone over there to tug the boy away and yell at the man about maybe picking on somebody his own size, but he promised his Ma he wouldn’t get into trouble — well, not on the
“You fixed up the rip?” he asks, finger running over the stitch.
“Well, I am all about green, clean energy,” Tony says, watching Neil explain Herchel’s observations of light impact and trying to ignore the taste of ash in his mouth whenever they pan to shots of the solar system.
“Unsurprising, seeing as all you had to eat yesterday was a packet of blueberries and my entire pot of coffee.”
“That’s Hawkeye to you, Quickie!”
, yet when he gets out of the shower, there’s going to be a canister full of freshly brewed coffee on the table with a plate of PB&J sandwiches next to it and Tony is still going to be tucked in bed like he never left.
when he notices the
“Well, I’ve heard plenty of you too,” Steve says, shaking his hand. “You’re all Tony talks about these days besides his lab.”
3 blankets and staring at a space documentary that Tony doubts he’s actually watching.
“Mr. Rhodes. Good morning. I was hoping to be presenting my idea to the both of you today,” he says, inclining his head towards Tony’s empty desk chair.
smile, and he thinks,
🧵 🧵 🧵
“The betrayal I feel right now is overwhelming,” Steve calls from the door of the nursery. “This is my favourite game.”
Sam looks at Steve’s drowned waffles in disgust, “How you don’t have diabetes yet is a mystery to me. Alright, so you went barging in there, after office hours, all gung ho about the harvest festival and he said absolutely no way was it going to happen?”
He smiles at the camera. “It was getting too chummy in here.”
in the sand, encompassed by a loopy heart.
Tony looks Fury with narrowed eyes, pointing his pen at him accusingly, “You don’t care about government at all as far as I can tell, so what you're doing here is a mystery to me. Why do you even care?”
Steve smiled up at him. “Well, the deal is that you gotta be a Rogers. So, Tony Stark, would you make me the happiest man on earth and marry me? In exchange for looking good in Christmas sweaters?”
Tony smile, a helpless thing that starts small like he’s trying to hide it but
had called in the favour — but he’s also compensating the remaining staff for agreeing to stay on an extra half hour after closing time.
year.
since Bruce mentioned offhandedly that Steve would enjoy it.
“Your mom’s tikka recipe is your ultimate comfort food, Tony. What’s got you upset?” he asks, cupping Tony’s cheek with a warm palm and Tony just
Tony has been subtly looking at Bucky’s metal arm since he sat down but not subtle enough because Bucky tells him, “You can go ahead and ask. I’m not shy about it much no more.”
“What? What the [bleep] gave you that idea?”
The boy stares at his outstretched hand for a moment before taking it with sweaty hands, “I’m Tony Stark and I - I really want to be your friend.”
So instead, he sticks his tongue out at the man, blowing a raspberry at him that he doesn’t hear.
“Yes, well I was actually referring to Rogers,” Fury says and then tries not to grin when Tony chokes on his drink.
The servers bring out champagne, congratulating them on their engagement and Steve nearly
seeing it - but this counts for half of Steve’s grade and none of his other paintings had
He forgot to check the date today. December 16th. He was going to propose to his boyfriend on the anniversary of the day his parents had died.
Steve doesn’t say anything to that, just kisses the top of Tony’s head and thinks about the ring hidden in the back of his sock drawer.
🎨 🎨 🎨
Then he had begun pacing, and got mud all over his sneakers and the hem of his jeans for his efforts. “Of course this happens today. No one will come because no parent is going to want their child trekking dirt and so no income is going to be made and the whole department is going to be fired and then it’ll be true Rhodey,” he continues turning to Rhodes who’s leaning against the car and taking in his surroundings.
“Oh really now? Decided you don’t completely hate exercise anymore?”
“Hey, Tony,” Steve smiles. “You made it! Just in time, they’re going to light the fire soon.”
Steve’s gonna have to dump the entire bag of chocolate chips into the batter for a
“Yeah, we Rogers’ sold our souls to look good in these. You want in on the deal?” Steve asked, wincing at how weird the proposal sounded.
“Why the hell not? It’s the truth,” and Steve hasn’t really finished that sentence before he has an armful of Tony Stark, face tucked into the crook of Steve’s neck.
“It’s cute that your firm lets you both work together.”
Steve stares at Rhodes, shoulders practically up to his ears, before turning on his heel and stomping out.
, leaving him with a fluttering in his stomach that he hasn’t felt since he was
But Tony really had been breathtaking under the lights hanging above them, clutching Steve’s hand so they wouldn't get separated by other people on the ice and just smiling at him with the purest look on his face. As opposed to 3 nights ago, Steve had to practically stop himself from blurting out the question.
“Okay!” Steve cuts him off, hands clapping together in front of him loudly, “can you both be useful maybe and help out with the stage? Thank you!”
They’re in Lee’s diner, sitting at the booth near the jukebox that seems to only play What’s New Pussycat. Stan comes out of the kitchen, bringing a fresh plate of waffles to their table before going over to a family sitting sitting near the windows, greeting them warmly.
Someone clears their throat behind Steve and he turns to see a man, looking at Steve suspiciously.
“Yeah, it was an easy fix,” Steve shrugs, sitting on the edge of their bed.
“No other department
“Fantastic,” Tony says, pulling a spatula from somewhere and putting it in Steve’s hand. “Can I have them with chocolate chips, please?”
Everyone stops to look at him, then looks down at the smashed coffee maker before erupting into noise, mostly calling Clint a moron.
“Tony, -”
Judging from the look on Nat’s face, he’s failed spectacularly.
“I know, I know, I just got distracted. Come on you two mother hens, watch me eat my weight in breakfast foods,” he says pressing the button at the crosswalk light.
The camera focuses on Fury’s face, his brows drawing together as he reads through the new Parks department budget plan, the popcorn baggie abandoned at his feet.
Stan comes out of the kitchen just then and places Fury’s usual, fills up Tony’s coffee mug before heading off to another customer.
Steve’s been avoiding Tony for the last 2 weeks.
He loves Tony when it’s 9pm and they’re curled up on the bed and he’s running his hands through Steve’s hair as they unwind from their day, mindlessly scrolling and sharing funny posts with each other.
of shame - I mean, he really has
thank you to the person who requested this one! hope you like it! <3
“No one can verify this for sure but Natasha hasn’t said anything to make us believe otherwise,” Thor says, standing next to Bruce.
Peter climbs off Steve’s back and bounds his way over to the display.
make his insides feel like they’re tying themselves into knots at the very thought of
“He just- he makes me so- ugh,” Steve stabs a piece of his waffle a little to viciously, bring it to his mouth. “Ifp owhn-“
the other option is assuming he’s gonna send it to Stone who is a senior and all around
him with the memories of having to gladhand with influential people from when he’d been touring as Captain America before the moniker had really
why is such a lie because Steve will wear them,
bled out on canvas
He doesn’t enjoy the suit that feels like it’s physically and metaphorically
Except that plain black velvet box has been burning a hole in the pockets of all of Steve’s clothes since he had bought the damn ring,
“The both of you are the ones ganging up on me! You guys are bad friends!”
in the afternoon sun with the crinkles in the corner, cheeks flushing with pink on his brown skin and hair falling on his forehead,
“It was 6 months ago,” Bruce says.
“You have heart Tony, a lot of it. I’m sorry for saying otherwise.”
“Yeah, all your whining about having to do exercise, but it’s worth it, right? Hard pressed to get a view like this out in DC.”
i've been crying for half an hour over how much i love and miss tony stark and how much he deserved better and that has manifested into this
Tony barely has time to process that before all he sees is his family
Steve’s face goes red, his pale skin not aiding in his predicament despite the dim light of twilight.
“Baby, stop okay- you’re right, you’re big and strong and I’m sorry if I ever insinuated otherwise, so why don’t you just give me -”
Tony sighs, pulling his hands away and Steve has to clench his own so he doesn’t do something
“You didn’t wake me up,” Tony tells him, stroking his sweaty hair away from his eyes. “The moon did.”
the day, at
“I’m a financial advisor. I was advising,” Tony says, cheeks getting pinker.
“It was not me! I would not smash my primary source of life,” Thor says. He pauses then adds, “Bruce being an outlier to this rule.”
Steve gives a huff of laughter, pulling Tony’s hands to his lips for a kiss. “Thank you. For waking me.”
He makes a go on gesture at Steve who shoots him a grateful look. “The harvest festival was an annual SHIELD celebration. It brought people in from all over and it’s a great way to get some money for the city. More than 50 percent of the businesses in SHIELD are local so the festival is a great way to showcase, uplift and provide income! It was scrapped two governments ago when the city was going through budget cuts.”
“You know, if the team didn’t know before, they definitely know now,” Steve says, pushing open Tony’s bedroom door.
“He always agrees with you,” Steve says mulishly. “It doesn’t matter if I think Tony is attractive anyway. He’s just here until the budget is fixed then he’s gone. Nothing’s gonna happen and I don’t even want it to.”
They stare at each other for a whole minute before Tony says, “Fine, don’t fire him! But at the end of the day you might have to make tougher cuts and don’t blame me for that.”
“Wanna bet on that?” Steve asks, backing Tony against the wall with a bruising grip on his hips and kissing him until they’re both
“Yeah - I’ve got a sur-
in Tony’s tone.
“Yeah, well maybe I’m done being a good friend to someone who’s such a stubborn [bleep]!” Sam shouts before dragging Bucky off to the dance floor.
“What is it?” he whispers, but she doesn't reply.
in this class confuses Steve considering how smart he is — when he realises Tony isn’t paying attention to a single thing Mr.Vanko is saying.
Fury takes a seat across from him and puts up his hand. “Save it. I’m just here to eat.”
“You mean you have poker nights and don’t invite me,” Steve glares. “Yeah, I know all about your special invite game nights.”
Tony sighs. “We’re not just sleeping together. We’re dating, technically.” He narrows his eyes at Fury, pointing his fork at him. “How did you find out?”
He moves as quietly as he can, snaking his arms around Tony’s waist and tucking his face in the side of his neck, giving it a small kiss and getting a delightful shiver in return. “Good morning, beloved.”
When he checks his messages later he sees that Tony had sent him the picture, with Tony front and centre but the perspective makes it look like Steve is popping right up from his head with a goofy look on his face.
All the blood swirling in Tony’s brain goes to the apples of his cheeks. “Oh. I - I really like them too. I mean
Tony, you didn’t have to do that!” Steve says, staring at Tony in disbelief but with an unbearable warmness in his voice.
He knows that Tony has a habit of biting his nails after a particularly bad night of restless sleep, the jagged edges of his nails looking so out of place against his otherwise impeccable appearance.
Steve doesn’t even think about it.
Tony gifted the art studio to Steve back when they’d all started to live together, fully stocked and equipped with all the necessary amenities.
She’s always been overly protective of Tony. Tiberius Stone still bolts at the mere sight of her - which,
“Alright kid, this place right here has got the best cup of coffee in town as well as the best damn breakfast,” Fury tells Tony.
and I hope you like it! <3
either.
, at any hour of every day.
a Steve Rogers,” Fury says, looking at him steadily.
“That’s because you couldn’t keep that goddamn smug grin off your face whenever I so much as
Tony answers.
“That’s a Stark prosthetic, right?” he eventually asks.
Steve shrugs. “Maybe! There's a lot of history in this one! I just- you can’t just waltz in here and-“
It gives him only a few hours to come home and basically pass out on their bed before groaning himself awake, leaving Tony with a quick peck goodbye and a “Love you!” shouted to him from the door.
“Spoiler alert, it’s not great,” says Tony.
“That sounds great, Tony,” Steve replies but he still sounds far away, face blank and Tony - Tony
at being forgiven.
The crop top and the skirt are
Tony isn't ashamed for his love of Taylor in the slightest, having met her a few times and attended a few shows, but there’s just something —
being pushed onto his lips.
!” He stops walking to pick up a - “Look, a stick!”
“I appreciate this, and you so much, but you really didn’t have to. I’ve gotten better with this since it happened Steve, I promise. I’m alright,” Tony says to him before giving him a chaste kiss on the lips.
He turns to him and says, “Now we’re written in the stars and in the sand, carried out into the ocean forever.”
“Does your boyfriend know you flirt with people like this? And also, how did you possibly get a boyfriend with lines like that?”
is hanging on the walls of this exhibit and all his friends are walking through the door and
Steve can’t help the laugh that bubbles out of him as Tony drags him along. “They’re not for sale, Tony. Erskine has to grade them.”
warm and Tony leans back into Steve’s embrace, letting him soap up Tony’s skin and massage the jasmine shampoo into Tony’s hair.
He gets to Tony’s room, places the bag on the table and climbs through the windowsill when he spots him, sitting cross-legged on the roof. “Tony?”
