“An hour. One single hour.” Cas was awake now, though. “Are you coming back over?”
“Don't be like that Dean. We're fine,” Sam said. He passed the flask to Dean. “Take the edge off Grandpa.”
“I love you.” Cas said it again instead of addressing what Dean had said. “What you feel, all of it, it’s all beautiful to me.” He stepped back from Dean for a moment, and Dean felt the cold absence immediately. “I want to do something, but I need your permission.”
In the midst of his thoughts, much of the movie had progressed. Dean got up and stretched again, setting the bowl on the table. “You need me to pause it?” Cas asked.
“I know you. Those people, the ones buying the tickets and yelling my name, they’re just strangers. It’s just not the same. Sammy was all the talent. He got me here. His talent dragged my ass through late night clubs and gigs in malls. There was no way I was ever gonna be anything on my own. He got me there. And now that I’m there, here, I know what made it happen, and it wasn’t me.”
“From what you told me, it had been an emotional experience. She wanted to get Billie’s attention so that she could get Crowley back.”
Castiel knew he had selected Dean. He knew that Crowley liked to work fast, but he had no clue that Dean was going to be signing contracts before even a word was exchanged. “No, I think that Crowley has decided that I am on a need-to-know basis at present.”
Castiel found that he was telling himself that a lot lately. Usually it was a lie. He chose to ignore the warnings though. The feeling that he was letting things happen that were far from just friendly seemed like a path toward complications, but he liked being close to Dean. Truth be told, he liked it a lot.
Sam turned to him. “Did you put it on the tour bus, Dean?”
Cas looked at him with a tilt to his head, then said, “The movie?”
He turned back to his room. Rowena was in his bed, blanket pulled up to her shoulders where he had left it. She was breathing shallowly, but if he knew her, and he thought he did, he knew that he shouldn’t have to worry for her safety. She was stronger than all of them. He was a little concerned that she returned to the bunker alone. He was also a little concerned that something weakened her. He was also concerned by the feel of her, when he scooped her up in his arms and felt the shape of her pressed to him.
“Yeah, oh. He wants to stay, I think, but he’s not saying it. He seems to be waiting for you to say it first. If you don’t, he’ll just follow you right on home.”
“I'm not drunk, just warm.” Dean realized that he still hadn't said anything about this not being a date.
Dean set his hands on the table on either side of Cas’ head intending to push himself up to a standing position.
“Glad you approve.” Sam scooped some eggs onto his own plate and added a little bacon to it too. He joined Dean at the table and started diving into the food. “Cas is out with Kevin. He said he wasn’t hungry yet.”
"What, what?"
Rowena actually laughed. “You can’t even move, you pompous ass.” She stalked out of her house to the yard. When she returned with an ax, the vampire looked concerned.
Sam clapped him on the back and pulled him into a sideways hug. “Still a mystery.”
Cas’ smile fell away. “Oh, I hadn’t thought of that.” He leaned down closer to Samuel in his little bassinet and asked, “Are you growing because you don’t trust us?”
Cas just stared at him for a moment before saying. “Because I make baby feeding plans?”
“You thinking of trying some on?” Dean came to his side.
“Not the same. Go do your week.” Dean looked around the room. “Maybe not tonight though, unless you think Jack needs the healing to start right away.” Dean thought about what he was saying. If Jack was hurting, he didn’t want that. “I think tonight is going to be rough, but Jack is more important.”
Dean stayed that way for a moment more, just breathing him in. Then he got his arm back in place and lifted him again. The weight of him, it was the weight of all the world in his arms. Dean took two stumbling steps toward the house before he could really steel himself against the emotions that threatened to topple him again.
Dean was already getting out of his car and walking up to the front door, with two coffees in a carrier. “You in need of coffee?”
When she’d finally felt like she’d learned all that she could, she closed the book. She thanked the priest for his patience and left. She cast a glance back at the church. He watched her as she walked away. A good priest would at least pretend to look away. She didn’t mind. She noted the smile that touched his lips.
“I’m not shining you on. I mean it.”
“Make sure to clear some time from your packed schedule. You two will have work to do.” It was said too quickly. Crowley walked out whistling a jaunty tune of his own making. Neither said goodbye. Castiel couldn’t help but feel that he’d been tricked.
Mary directed her question at Cas. “Did the others come with letters asking that they be cared for by Sam and Dean Winchester?”
Rebekah reached out to him, her eyes sad and said, "Goodbye, Sam." Her hand held his for a small moment before she released him.
“Look, it wasn't like that. I just think that in this life, our kind of life, a little privacy is hard to come by. So you'll have to forgive me if I didn't want to share...that.” The pause sounded pointed.
“He does realize that there’s two of us on this case, right?” Dean rolled his eyes a little as he said it.
“Try!” Dean yelled at him again. He punched at Cas and connected with his side. It’d be a solid kidney punch on a human and painful. Cas chose not to praise the effort. Instead he stumbled back, like the hit had actually hurt him. Dean was breathing harder. He punched and connected again and again. Cas dodged some hits.
He felt the warm comfort of a hand on his shoulder. “You made it back.” Dean turned and looked toward the voice. “You have a nice drive in the country?” It was Old Mo, his weathered face all craggy with age. His head of grey hair was perched on top of a small body hunched over a bit by years.
And if one were lucky or unlucky enough to be noticed, one might be invited to join the party that was continuously going on up in the penthouse. Day or night, spring, summer, fall, or winter, the revelers would dance and drink and celebrate literally anything. It was to one of these parties that a woman with chestnut brown hair found herself happily dancing away one late spring night. And it was this woman that captivated a man that typically avoided being captivated by anyone, unless he was telling the story, which he was not.
Cas got home early Sunday. He'd considered asking Dean for a ride home. He'd only been gone since Friday though, and he didn't want to come off as needy. He did miss him. It was strange how fast things had developed between them. Dean had been good about accepting the boundaries of friendship, and Cas found himself benefiting from the arrangement in equal measure.
“That might be nice.” Cas got up and walked back to the rack.
Soon enough a body filled the doorway. Castiel. Dean would recognize him anywhere. He wasn't fully clothed. He was wearing some loose fitting linen pants that hung from his hips by some miracle. He was shirtless. He stepped down just one step then gripped the top of the door frame. He leaned his naked torso out of the bus. “So, I hear you need a guitar.”
“Pour ‘til it looks like milk chocolate, then maybe a splash more,” Dean offered. Cas just stared at it. “Here, let me.” Dean poured and then gave the coffee a stir. It looked like too much milk to him, but it was similar to what was made back in the motel. “Taste it. Let me know if it’s okay.”
“Oh, so Cassie here has a little crush?” Luc started grinning and continued. “Deannnn, oh Deannn.”
“Maybe. Doesn’t bode well that she hasn’t woken up yet.” He ran a hand back through his hair. “Tell me about the fun times in the gym though.” Sam leaned into the doorframe.
"I don't know how to fix that."
I was halfway out the door when he stopped me. “Dean.” I turned back to him. “What should I wear?”
Dean looked down at the screen. The angle was a little awkward, so he adjusted his position a little. It brought him closer to Cas, if that was even possible. Five minutes passed like this as they read, and Cas clicked to new articles when needed. Sam was apparently taking a long shower. Dean could feel the little pin-pricks starting up in his left arm. It would be more comfortable not wedged between them like this. “Hey lean forward a bit.” Cas complied, and Dean slipped his arm behind him.
They both just continued to stare. Cas reached out a hand to show that his blade was gone. “Do you have names?”
“Yes, this is complicated.” Dean lifted Ellie and the whole Baby Bjorn off of Jack. Cas was on the other side of the Impala taking care of his baby situation all on his own.
“I’m a hunter. You don’t go checking up on hunters like they’re normal people.” She slid her gun back under her mattress.
Castiel went down a tangent. “Heard he and Ellen were a thing once.”
Cas cupped her cheek in his hand. “Not yet. You were trying to heal a very powerful witch. You need to be more careful.”
“Funny story. You see, Crowley asked me to start pulling his recordings each day, around about three months ago. He thought something was up. I mean, a guy who spends that much time recording should have something to show for it, right?”
Dean didn’t know what to do. His arms moved of their own volition, and he was hugging Cas right back. Everyone should have gone along with the plan to just leave from Donna’s place, haul him and the coffin to the nearest dock. Less people to see hurting, but no they just couldn’t do that apparently.
Joan was beautiful. Cas opened his eyes and stared at Dean's eyelashes from up close. His eyes were closed, his lips parted. Cas stepped back from him. "Wait here." He moved toward the door. He couldn't stop thinking about how it wasn't him that Dean wanted. It was Joan's body and before that Gwen's that Dean craved, never him.
, they'd said.
“Then he and Luc should get on great. Two peas in a pod.” The warm air of the studio was almost too much at first.
“Tell me why I should care.”
“You’re not.”
“No, shirtless or this outfit doesn’t work.” Dean laughed and moved off to his little pile of clothes that somehow got folded up and set on the dresser in the night.
“Kiddo? You're not old enough to call me that.”
Cas smiled. He moved close to Dean then, pressing this body against Dean’s chest. “Hello Dean.” He knew he couldn’t ask outright for Dean’s consent, but he knew he could make it plain in any number of ways just who was riding shotgun in this moment. Dean knew him, and he knew Dean.
“We can make a small breach in the front. You can direct your attack through that,” Rowena said.
“A vampire came to you last night, seeking an angel.” The woman spoke in a soft monotone. Her hair was pulled back into a tight bun. Her dress was blue and made of very high quality materials. Rowena envied her for that much. Her own dress was made of rough fabrics that wouldn’t be ruined by kneeling in the woods.
“The vision came to me some time ago.”
“Yeah.”
Cas turned a little to face him. “I’m your huckleberry.”
Dean hastily wiped his mouth and got up. “We should get going if you want to see your stars.”
Cas wasn’t sure why Dean would bother noting the bartender since he was a man. “Should we go elsewhere?”
“I think you know.”
“I’ve heard worse plans.” Castiel strapped on his guitar and plugged it into his amp.
“Why?”
"Except Dr. Tran," Gabriel interjected. "All of the information that you've received here is classified."
“I don’t know where Jack went, but my mom likely does.” Clark nodded toward the other side of the restaurant. “You need clothes. You can’t walk around with your junk hanging out like that.”
Dean noticed his heart wasn't beating right. The camera was drawing closer and closer to Castiel. Then the singing began. It was a quiet breath of words. The volume increasing only slightly with each verse. But by the end, by the end…
“What do you want, Anna?” Castiel didn't want to talk. His tone, he hoped, would discourage her.
“Seems fishy.” Dean drummed at the steering wheel as he drove, trying to process all of what Sam was saying. “So he came outta nowhere, gave you some song and dance about a cult, knows a crap ton of facts, and you don’t question that.”
“Can’t be my call. Jack needs what you guys have been doing in heaven. If you can get his power back, he can help heaven. That’s more important than Bunker Bonding.” Dean spent most of the moment staring out the window.
“What do you wish, Cas?” Dean had turned his hand a little with the question, took Cas’ hand in his, and let his thumb stroke back and forth a moment before Cas answered.
Dean was surprised that Sam let him leave the ship without a fight. Maybe the bet made Sam feel like taking chances. Once Dean was at the bottom of the ladder, Sam finally tucked back into the ship. Dean raised a hand to his brow to shield his eyes from the sun. Cas was still up at the top of the hill that ran high alongside the ship. Dean walked along the path that snaked its way up the side of the hill.
They took a meandering path around the perimeter of the campus. It was nice. Cas tried to picture Dean there as a student. “College was never for me.” He let out a little breath and added, “That was always supposed to be Sammy’s path.”
Dean considered knocking again but instead tucked his hands into the pockets of his jeans.
The projections made it look like Cas was falling. At one point he seemed to resemble the falling angel on the cover of the Zeppelin album that Dean loved so much. Then Cas separated from his guitar and slowly began to actually descend to the stage.
“Really?” Hope lined every bit of the word’s utterance.
“I don't know that I'd call it love yet,” Sam said. “Give it a bit more time.” He drummed at his thighs a little.
“No, your money’s no good here. You cured my wife last fall of the coughing sickness.” The barkeep waved his hand between them.
Castiel seemed to be studying him. His long fingers played with the label on his beer. The new beers came and the old bottles went. It was funny that they served it in the bottles and not poured into fancy glasses. “I’d have thought that a band like Winchester would be used to fancy digs.”
“It's really nice. Do you get many media people out here stalking you?”
“He’s a good man, your brother.” Old Mo had a cane that he was leaning heavily on at the moment.
“Nah, I’m gonna go sit with her for a bit.”
“Why would I judge you. Good hygiene is important.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Cas agreed. “Should we go now, or…”
Dean focused, and saw the vast field that was around them. He recognized it. Jack stood to his left, hand still settled on Dean’s shoulder. In front of them were Sam, Cas, and Dean. The moment was from over a year ago at least. Dean knew the moment well. They’d taken on a case, and Cas was with them. It was a small thing, nothing too hard. It was just the little sort of thing that they took care of between apocalypses.
“How so?” Dean asked.
That was something too. Dean seemed very happy, but not just that, he seemed to be very comfortable. Castiel found himself drifting closer as they played their songs. He found himself too close a few times, and Dean would lean away and just look at him until he backed off. They didn’t talk about it. It just was how things went, a quiet pull of gravity that kept sucking him back into Dean’s orbit.
Kevin looked at Dean and said, “Still ending with ‘Maybe I'm Amazed’ right?”
“Yeah, but it would be a fair amount of time. Just the driving alone would be a couple of hours.”
“No, you drove Gerald’s old truck. Your car is at the shop. You said, that you just needed a space to do the repairs, and Gerald said you could use his shop. He offered the truck when you seemed like you’d be here awhile.” Sam reached out to him and gave his arm a squeeze while Old Mo, shared the very unfamiliar details.
Cas waved casually at the one end of the pool table. “Those two guys are a couple.” He waved at the other end of the table. “The other two are thinking of starting something up, but they’re worried that the other is not interested.” Cas took another sip of his drink and added, “The guys in the middle are friends and live on the same floor as the two other pairs. They all arranged the outing tonight because Tim, the one guy in the middle, got dumped by his long term girlfriend. They’re trying to distract him.”
Cas squeezed his eyes shut tighter, like he was fighting the urge to just open them a little. He lost the fight. Dean watched as Cas opened his eyes. For a time they just stared at each other. They both knew they were caught, so why bother trying to hide the fact. Sam’s breathing at Dean’s back was smooth and peaceful.
I just reposted with the edits made, sorry if you read it before, as there were some issues. Hope everyone's DCBB claims are going well, and that you've found distraction as I have. This chapter has gotten me through the waiting. Hope you all don't mind:)
“He’s dead,” Kali said, still looking at Gabriel’s body. “This was your father, boys.” She looked back at them. They moved to her side and looked down at him.
And that was the question. He wasn’t ready for more attention from the media. He had a reputation, and he was fine with that.
“What went wrong?”
She felt confident going into the woods again. She even felt confident just sleeping through the night. It had been a solid month of peace, and surely, any of the exorcised demons would have returned by now in their shiny new vessels if they could have.
Dean didn’t say his name or cling to him afterwards. It seemed like this was just satisfying an urge. They moved onto the next case, and repeated the pattern of finding someone willing in the night. And like that, weeks passed. They were all just vessels, just bodies coming between them. Cas didn’t feel good about any of it. He wanted Dean to be happy though. He wanted to give him what he wanted.
“I’m not riding in this car,” he said then added, “ever.”
“Is that a challenge?” Sam looked like he was ready to prove Dean every kind of wrong, and Dean felt the worry wash over him as he considered the many foo-foo dogs Sam could maybe order online. “You do know that I can order anything online, right?”
Before he could answer the waitress was back, pouring coffee. “You boys know what you want?”
He didn’t have to worry about cars. There were none. He just looked at it all. His vision fuzzed a bit, but only for a second. In that moment, he could see one of the children riding by on her bike, saying “Don’t let go.” Her father was holding the back as she seemingly learned to ride. When his vision shifted he was briefly not there. She was riding alone. It was only a moment though, and then things were set back to rights. Dean rubbed the heel of his palm against one eye then the next. He shook his head as if to clear it.
“I haven’t been fair. I set the boundary, and then let it be confusing. I’ll do better.”
It bothered Dean. It really did, but he was too chicken-shit to do a damn thing about it. So instead, he stuffed the underwear in his pocket and left.
“But I can't tell anyone that I'm with you. I can't hold your hand in public, kiss you on a whim. I've got no hope for a future with you.” He looked like he'd cry.
Cas’ tongue darted out to wet his lips. Dean’s fingers faltered in their tracing path. His own tongue darted out to mirror what Cas had done. He pressed his palm flat to Cas’ stomach and started to run his hand up to Cas’ chest like he’d planned to before.
It was quiet, but the sounds of the babies gurgling happily floated down the hall to him. It made Dean feel a pleasant warmth in his chest. Cas was speaking too. His tone was encouraging. Dean’s door was open as he walked to it. Lying face down on the floor in just slacks and his white button up was Cas, practically naked. He had the two babies on the floor in the same position. He had spread out the big blue blanket on the floor first. Dean was secretly happy for that. Floors are germy.
“Oh, yeah. Hey Sam, catch.” Dean threw the keys to him, and Sam reached up by instinct and caught them. Dean turned back to the street and headed toward the Victorian.
“He just, what?”
“True, but this way I really could be doing something new. I wouldn't have to lie to him.” Dean felt some relief saying it all.
They got into town at 11 pm on a Friday night, and things were still lively enough in town. It was a college town after all, and most of the population knew what it was to pull all nighters and live life like a party. Dean picked out a bar a little ways from the college. The crowd was young, too young for them. Cas thought that Dean seemed bored nearly from the start.
“So, we going backpacking with babies? Thought you all were just going to the park.” Dean asked as he took a seat next to Rebekah. She passed him the cereal. “Thanks.” Dean winked at her and she smiled back. Sam came in next and sat across from them.
“You have Sam and Claire.”
“Maybe. It made you kind. It made you good.” Cas shifted a little and it brought him closer to Dean. He glanced at the babies. They were both sleeping. “They deserve better than me, so I’m glad they have you.”
Castiel sat in the casual studio space, guitar in hand. There was a notepad on a stool next to him, his neat printing spanning the page. He’d be writing more now if it weren’t for the interruption. Crowley was sitting on the little couch in the corner, fully committed to not leaving. He had his arms on his thighs, hands folded in front of him.
"Yeah, right." He started the car. "Let's just go."
“And how did Cas get all resurrected in his vessel?” Charlie asked.
“How?” She stood in front of him smiling. Slowly, and with pleasure she began reciting an exorcism. “We can make a deal. Name your price.”
“So none of your songs end?”
Dean started walking out of the room. It felt more like floating. Uriel and Anna were singing a quiet duet as Dean and Castiel passed them. Castiel followed him all the way out to ground level. “Should I just come back to your bus afterwards to return her?”
“'Gratulations,” Dean slurred. Castiel turned to him with a sigh. “Guess you got it all now.”
Cas just stared at him for a time. “You want things to change, but you’re afraid that too much time has passed with things being like this.” Cas waved his fingers around in the space between them, then started emptying packet after packet of sugar into his mug. “I’m not going anywhere.”
“Smiting?” Dean let his hand brush the back of Cas’ elbow to direct their walk. “Hardly a word I’d expect to hear from an astronomer, Joan.” He almost seemed to add the name as an afterthought.
Dean thought of the closeness and the desire to keep it. Cas was warm at his side and the computer was the brightest thing in the room. The light from the dinette by the window was dim and barely illuminated the room beyond the table. Outside the world was country dark. A little light was also coming in from under the bathroom door. The glow of the laptop on Cas’ face gave his features a sharp edge. He was all shadows next to Dean.
"Cas, briefing room, now," Gabriel snapped him out of his thoughts. "Get up!" Gabriel was already heading out the door of the lab. He was abrupt often, but this was extreme even for him. Cas followed him. Gabriel was the mission commander. He directed all of the teams that flew out of Houston.
Something felt off, like the world had just gone to static on an old motel television set. There was a high screech and scratch. He felt dizzy.
Thank you all for taking the journey with me. I decided to prune the chapter rather than break it into two chunks, so this is it. Hope you all enjoy it.
“See ya in a few.”
Rebekah got up again and reached out to Rowena, this time faster than Sam could stop her. Her eyes glowed golden for a moment, then her hand fell. Sam caught her as she crumbled to the floor. “Shit, Dean!”
“Did you see the crowd?” Kevin was practically bouncing back stage. “I forgot what the stadium crowds were like. Shit.”
“One for the road,” Dean asked, almost clearly. Dean was leaning in, seemingly to kiss him.
Cas didn't reply right away. Dean regretted everything.
“Yes, several times.” He reached out to Dean’s head and pressed a pair of fingers to Dean’s temple. “Are you okay? Did you hit your head when the spirit tossed you?”
“Yeah, just catching a little of Fallen’s first number.
They walked around the side of the house, back past the Impala again. Dean said, “In the beginning, they made me go through a bunch of check in procedures. They had to make sure I wasn't going to slip him anything. I've earned their trust now, it seems. Certainly helps that I was the one that put him here.” There was a little rise in the path. On the other side was the vast Pacific ocean and Sam. “Hey Sam!” Dean called out.
Dean took off his guitar and settled into the chair across from Castiel. He strummed the new guitar. “I’m still working on it. Not sure it’s going anywhere.” He sounded shy all of a sudden, this man who could play anything, who could make a crowd fall in love.
“Oh, why would you want to do that?” Dean was watching the movie while he asked.
Late on a Thursday night, Dean found himself at the dinner table in the kitchen with Claire, Jack, and Sam. Cas said he was going to spend time with the babies before bed. Rebekah had already gone to sleep. She would be up with the sun and Sam. It had become their pattern. “We should get a dog,” Sam said, apropos to nothing. “For Rebekah.”
Eventually, Cas separated from Dean and got Joan's clothes situated. Dean straightened himself out too. They still weren't talking. Dean was thinking though. Cas could see it. The way Dean's brows came together clued him in.
Dean decided to roll over, see what was upsetting him. He made the decision slowly. He rolled onto his back first, and glanced over at Cas as he did so. Cas quickly shut his eyes, feigning sleep. The edges of Dean’s lips quirked up in a grin. Dean rolled onto his side and faced Cas.
“This is amazing!” Dean declared around a mouthful of taco. Cas had directed him to a small taqueria not far from his home. They had tucked back into the corner of the bright painted building. There were people eating outside, but inside the restaurant was quiet and empty.
"Don't be stupid. I was there because something made me feel like I had to be there, and somehow Sam made that feeling vanish. Somehow he made me go a little rogue. And now here we are."
“Are you mad at me about something?” Dean squeezed the steering wheel a little tighter.
Cas stared down at Dean. “They were close?”
“Dean,” Castiel mimicked him. Castiel took a deep breath and said, “You act like no one has ever given you something. I assure you I can afford this gift.”
“But only when I pray?” It was a whispered question.
“I can't imagine I do much. Spend most of my time yelling words into a mic is all.”
“I’m E’brem. I’ve come to let you know that I’ve claimed Hell. I’m the new king.” He stopped moving toward them. Dean had also stopped moving, though he knew that he should be making the trip back to the bunker a quick one.
He stood and stretched to the ceiling. He put his body through the poses. In the end, his mind was a little clearer, he lay back on the mat again.
"No!  Cas...," Dean began, but with another flap of wings Cas was back.  Everyone but Dean jumped, but Cas seemed oblivious to the idea that he had done anything out of the ordinary.
CRASH!!!
"He's talking giant beanstalks, like in Jack and the Beanstalk?" Dean clarified, only to see that Cas looked completely stumped.  "Okay, we're adding pop culture to the list of things I need to teach you."
<That is very sweet of you.  I appreciate you doing all of this for me.  Maybe we can look through them together and you can tell me more about this history of this place.> Eileen signed.  Sam smiled and pulled out a chair for her.  Dean grabbed Eileen’s bag to take to her room for her, pulling Cas along with him to give Sam and Eileen some time alone.
“I’m fine,” Dean insisted, struggling to his feet while still adjusting to his body feeling so much heavier again.  He pointedly tried to ignore the pain flaring in his wings as he looked around.  The chamber of the cave that they were in was just barely tall enough for Sam to stand up, but Sam’s luck wouldn’t hold long.  They’d be doing a lot of crouching & squeezing on this mission.
“What about you?” Sam asked with confusion in his voice.
“Besides,” Sam continued, “I’ve offered to let Cas come with me on my shopping trips, but he says he doesn’t want to until you’ve learned to cloak your wings so you can join us.”  While Dean appreciated Cas’ consideration, it only made him feel more guilty about being the reason why Cas wasn’t going outside.
"Yes, but the higher ups didn't plan on you doing it so quickly.  They wanted Dean to break first so we'd be one step closer to the apocalypse," Gabriel explained.  Dean's head spun as he tried to wrap his head around the extreme size of this revelation.  In Hell they had tried to get him to break for thirty years, and he had very nearly broken.  Was that not bad enough without forcing him to help them start the apocalypse next?  Besides, weren't angels supposed to be the good guys?
“Leave him alone!” Dean yelled, his voice echoing through the caves.
“Do I really have to spell it out for you?  No, you are not ‘part trickster’ but since both your new faces are reminiscent of other tricksters it reflects a very trickster-like-quality to your soul,” Gabriel explained.
Thump.  Thump.  Thump.
"I'm not sure humans were meant to imbibe such vast quantities of sustenance at one time.  I can...," Cas offered, reaching out towards Dean's forehead with two fingers.
<Yes, but don’t sign “hungry” twice - that changes the meaning> Cas reminded him.  They had had this conversation before, but for some reason it just wasn’t sinking in.  Cas was worried because this would be a very inappropriate mistake to make in front of Eileen.  Meanwhile, Cas was struggling with his own reactions every time Dean accidentally mentioned a very different kind of “hunger” that always gave Cas a strong wave of longing.
"How are we related?  But Cas will have a pie too, right?" Dean retorted, looking at Cas hopefully.
"Don't you get it?  Big brother is behind the whole thing!  Michael is trying to spring Lucifer so he can destroy him once and for all, as was foretold.  The other angels didn't think of this on their own.  They aren't free thinkers like you and me.  We've learned from Our Father's favorite creations – humans.  They haven't.  They are just following Michael's orders, and Michael has convinced himself that he's just following Dad's orders," Gabriel proclaimed with exasperation, flinging his hands around like this should all be extremely obvious.  But Cas just looked shocked, confused, and conflicted.  Dean felt all of that a hundred fold.
“Shit,” Sam exclaimed softly after a few agonizing moments of silence.  Dean could just hear the gears in Sam’s brain clicking into place as he put the pieces together.  Dean had a new weakness that made him less of a hunter.  There were new things that Dean couldn’t do himself so he had to inconvenience, and likely endanger, other people because he could no longer do his own damn job.  Dean felt worthless.
“It’s Balthazar’s,” Cas announced, looking stricken with pain and guilt over his lost friend.  Dean cringed, remembering all too well the night in Purgatory when Cas had broken down and confessed his regret over how Balthazar had really died.  Dean had already suspected the truth, and was all ready with his counter argument when Cas tried to use that as an excuse as to why Dean shouldn’t try to save Cas from Purgatory.  At that moment Cas hadn’t believed himself to be worth saving after what he’d done, especially since saving Cas had been a risk for both Dean and Benny.  But Dean had refused to give up on Cas, no matter what he’d done.  Cas was mentally in a much better place now, but Dean was still worried what kinds of emotions Balthazar’s feather might shake loose.  Dean wished that the past would just stay buried for once.
Dean could just imagine the look of surprise on Cas’ face when Dean grabbed one of Cas’ hands with his alula flap.  Dean then spun into Cas’ arms so that Cas was now essentially hugging Dean.  There was a deep rumble from Cas’ voice, but Dean couldn’t make out the words with the earplugs.  He decided to shut Cas up by distracting him.  For some reason, Cas always went crazy from neck kisses, and Dean went right in for the kill.
☆ ★ ☆
“We saw demon-on-demon violence at your last hideout,” Cas interrupted.  Good Cas – keep the demon talking and not slicing into Sam.
The Winchesters only had about a week until the next new moon, the date their plan would spring into action.  What were the chances that they could pull this off smoothly?
“My, my, has little Castiel grown up,” Gabriel beamed proudly, interrupting the moment.  Dean still thought that Gabriel was a bag of dicks, but he was Cas’ brother, and he was helping them, so Dean would reluctantly tolerate him.
"Don't get your feathers in a bunch, I'll keep my promise to them.  They can keep whatever riches they can carry.  It should make for quite the honeymoon if they can bear to drag themselves out of the bedroom," Gabriel replied with a very suggestive eyebrow wiggle.
Suddenly blue-white lightening rained down from the heavens and struck Alastair.  Alastair struggled, unable to escape.  But then a bright white circle of light completely engulfed Alastair.  Dean had to shield his eyes from the brightness of the light, and when he opened them, Alastair was gone.
“Do any of you know where Lilith is, or do you need our help tracking her down?  If you know what host body she’s riding around in, I can run her through the FBI databases and see if we find a match,” Henriksen offered.
“Vessels are merely shrouded on the seraphic plane – they don’t lose their physical form,” Cas explained.
"I cannot remove painful memories without harming Dean, but I've heard that over time human memories like that fade...," Cas replied, sounding surprisingly remorseful that he couldn't take Dean's pain away. If that didn't convince everyone that Cas was on their side, Dean wasn't sure what would. Dean was torn between feeling touched by the concern, and pissed that Cas had spilled the beans.
Sam interrupted and started ushering everyone inside the bunker.  Sam and Eileen were having an excited conversation about how wonderful it was to welcome another Man of Letters legacy to the bunker.  Cas tried to pay attention, but he was thoroughly distracted by the way that Dean still had his arm wrapped around Cas’ shoulder.
"You're the one who won't let me sleep!" the first giant insisted, now looking even more pissed off as he flipped over to glare at his brother.  They continued to glare at each other for a few minutes before both closing their eyes in a huff.
“So we’ll go someplace where it’s normal for guys to wear backpacks, like on the trails of Kanopolis State Park,” Dean suggested.
Dean sighed and closed his eyes and tried to block out all temptations.  Cas materialized his angel blade again, but this time Dean could sense Cas’ Grace gathering and then forming the blade.  He repeated the process of materializing and dematerializing the angel blade a dozen times until Dean could mentally follow what Cas was doing easily.  The process really wasn’t that different from materializing his wings.
“Sure, I could use a place to crash tonight, but I’m gonna head out in the morning.  I’m on my way to a werewolf hunt I just heard about,” Garth replied.
Something was wrapped around him, and it wasn't blankets.
“Awesome,” Dean muttered.  Even though Cas’ flight was instantaneous for humans, Dean always felt a bit sick afterwards.  Sam didn’t seem to suffer quite so much from it.
“No Dean – you are in no condition to fly, even if you knew how,” Cas reminded him.
“A few months ago,” Cas whispered.  “Balthazar is alive.”
Dean then noticed that Cas was still out cold.  That scared him.  There weren’t many things that could hurt an angel, and the fact that these demons had found a new weapon against angels was terrifying.  On the other hand, Balthazar was very awake, and looking rather bored.
“Depending on which of these two tunnels we take first, we could check out one of these two next, then backtrack and go to the other one.  The rest of them are much further away,” Cas deduced as he gestured to locations on Sam’s map.
“I’ve faced demons before, Dean,” Cas retorted with a scowl.
Suddenly, the entire beanstalk started shaking rhythmically.
"Cas? You actually spoke to the angel?" Sam asked incredulously. Well at least Sam was now distracted from his painful memories. Geek boy was back. Dean rolled his eyes good naturedly.
“I like these shirts.  Very practical,” Cas announced with a smile, flexing his wings slightly.  Dean groaned and closed his eyes, rubbing the spot between his eyebrows.
“Next Cas wanted me to test to see if your senses were improving,” Sam continued once they were done with the wing grooming.  Sam took a piece of paper and a pen and walked over to the other side of the room.  Then Sam started drawing something on the paper.
“Which one do you want to check out first?” Dean asked between mouthfuls of his last bag of trail mix.  He never had been good about pacing himself when it came to food.  He’d probably pay for it later when his stomach started to rumble far away from the nearest convenience store.
After they finally arrived in Hot Springs, South Dakota, Cas took a short solo flight around the area to scout, after promising not to investigate without backup.  Even though Cas wouldn’t be able to sense Balthazar while he was in a warded area, he would at least be able to sense angel warding if he got close enough.  Well, that was the theory anyway.  In reality, Cas came back frustrated and confused because he’d searched the entire area and found no trace of angel warding.
"Does Lilith still really want Sam's intestines on a stick?" Henriksen asked.  "Or does that interfere with whatever role Sam is supposed to play in the apocalypse?"  Dean couldn’t help twitching at how matter-of-fact Henriksen talked about topics like Dean’s little brother playing a role in the apocalypse.
“No way, never gonna happen!” Dean protested.
“How do you know that they are studying angel feathers specifically?” Cas asked.
"But your soul has wing buds! I assumed... well, I suppose the transfer could have given your soul that attribute...," Cas replied, continuing to examine Dean like he was a puzzle and getting right up in his personal space. Dean tried to take a step back but Cas didn't get the hint and just came closer again.
“Dean Winchester…,” Hannah began, giving Dean another wide eyed glance.
Well, and the Winchesters were experts on crazy...
"Giants don't exist," Cas stated with certainty.
“My apologies – that was inappropriate,” Cas told Sam, and Dean could see his bright red blush in the mirror.  But Sam didn’t look the least bit placated.
☆ ★ ☆ SUPERNATURAL ☆ ★ ☆
Dean knew before he even opened his eyes that his wings had come out during his sleep again.  He groaned, but he begrudgingly admitted to himself that they felt nice.  Dean felt more relaxed, comfortable, and at peace with himself than he remembered ever having been before.  His soul was happy, and that was a very freeing sensation.  He could sense Cas nearby watching him.  If anyone else had been watching him like this Dean would find it creepy, but for some reason it felt strangely natural.  This was probably not at all what his mom had pictured when she'd told Dean that 'angels were watching over him' but the spirit of that sentiment was probably here.  Dean wasn't ready to try to label whatever warm emotions he could sense coming from Cas, or any of his own emotions, but it felt right.  Somehow Dean knew that Cas smiled back at him when he thought that.  He could feel Cas smiling at him.  Okay, that was a bit weird, but it didn't feel like a bad thing.
“Very thin barriers like fabric or bullet casings are not always enough to prevent an object from picking up our energy since our energy field extends slightly beyond of physical vessels,” Cas explained.  Dean swore.
“Well, well, alone at last.  It’s good to see you again Dean,” a slimy voice said behind him.
<You & me - make out?> Cas signed.  Would Dean recognize what Cas said or would he mix it up with making coffee?  The answer was pretty clear when Dean’s beautiful green eyes nearly popped out of his head.
"Apparently, you're a regular guy that's important to the man upstairs," Sam replied.
“That’s never going to happen.  The answer is no, and the answer will always be no!” Dean snapped back with more resolve than he’d had in decades.
"Sam, Dean – it’s been awhile.  Thank you for coming.  After everything I did...," Henriksen greeted them.
"Well, I uh, woke up with wings this morning," Dean explained with a wince, but when neither Sam nor Bobby reached for silver, he relaxed a tiny bit as he continued.  "They're gone now, but Cas thinks they're a permanent part of me now, and until we figure things out my soul might do crazy stuff randomly."
Cas was being quiet and withdrawn.  His drooping wings were pulled close to his body like he was trying to make himself smaller – which really doesn’t work too well when you’ve got a pair of giant wings on your back.  Dean was particularly alarmed by how Cas would barely look him in the eye, and how quickly Cas started vacating whatever room Dean happened to be in.  That really stung.  Things had been going so great between them on their not-date!  Then Dean caught Cas pouring over a very familiar set of books and realized what was wrong.  Guilt hit Dean like a sack of bricks, and Dean knew that he had to fix this ASAP.
"I mean, I've saved some people, okay? I figured that made up for the stealing and the ditching chicks. But why do I deserve to get saved? I'm just a regular guy," Dean protested.
“Hold up – I thought I was just part angel now, not part trickster,” Dean interrupted, glancing at Cas and seeing that his angel was confused as well.  Gabriel sighed in exasperation.
"Angels aren't supposed to feel things like this.  These emotions, they are overwhelming," Cas whispered, like he was afraid of these new things he was feeling.  Dean suddenly wondered if Cas had become part human at the same time that Dean had become part angel.  Was Cas quietly suffering through his own changes while helping out Dean?  Dean felt like an idiot for not asking before, but this wasn't a good time for that conversation.
"How do I make them go away?" Dean complained.
“I’m fine, Sammy,” Dean tried to reassure him.  He probably still looked like a mess, but he was in one piece and ‘out of danger’ according to Cas.  There would be more follow up healing sessions later.
Dean and Sam both gaped at Cas in disbelief.  Sam was looking at Cas with full-on puppy dog eyes of pity, clearly worrying both about what if Cas was right, and what if Cas was losing it.
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
“So how do we fight off a bunch of angels long enough to kill Lilith?” Sam asked.  Sam’s eyes still showed pain at the thought that (at least some) angels were the bad guys so he’d have to kill them, but his jaw was set with determination to protect his brother.
<I’m very horny. Do you want to make out?> Dean signed.  Cas tried to suppress his reactions to Dean’s words and focus on what Dean had actually meant.
To their credit, Sam and Bobby didn't jump too badly when Dean and Cas suddenly appeared out of thin air back at Bobby's house.  Still, Dean still wished he could have gotten a picture of their reactions.  He'd be laughing for weeks at how Sam had almost fallen out of his chair.
“No!” Dean squawked.  “It’s not a date!”  He could feel his face turning bright red, which only made Sam’s grin grow wider.
"Because most people don't believe in anything supernatural, and even among the few who know the truth, nobody is going to believe in angels.  Just go with me on this," Dean told him.  Cas frowned like he disapproved, and was still confused by Dean's request, but he would oblige.
"Yes we are, but giants are not," Cas stated.  Great, now Henriksen was back to looking pissed at Cas.  Dean really needed to help Cas work on his people skills.
☆ ★ ☆
“What?  No…,” Dean started to ask, startled as to why Sam had suddenly jumped a few feet away from him.  Then he noticed a few of his feathers floating to the ground.
“I understand.  I know that it will be difficult for me to ever regain your trust.  Maybe even impossible.  But I am grateful that you have been resurrected.  How…?” Cas replied.
“Um, your wings didn’t like the backpack very much, and now they are trying to seek out a breeze so they can imitate me . . . ,” Cas began, but he stopped upon seeing Dean’s startled expression.  “Sorry, I didn’t mean to embarrass you.”
☆ ★ ☆ SUPERNATURAL ☆ ★ ☆
“Certain special people, certain bloodlines…,” Cas reminded them.
☆ ★ ☆
"Dean," Cas reminded him, a whole sentence of meaning packed into that one word and a significant look.  Dean sighed.
<I am an angel of the lord.>
“I successfully captured the demon!  Dean Winchester is safe!” a woman’s voice boosted proudly behind him.  Dean spun around and saw a woman with shoulder length dark hair and very blue eyes.  She held herself almost as stiffly as Cas did, and Dean could sense angel Grace inside her vessel.  The new angel stared right back at Dean, and then her eyes suddenly grew wide with horror and shock.
“Come on Cas – touch me already!”  Dean whined impatiently.
“Then let’s go find him,” Sam suggested.  “Will the feather work in a locator spell.”
"I bet Zachariah made sure the news made it through the grapevine to reach her.  He wouldn't want you to catch her too quickly since he needs to give his assassins time to get to you first," Gabriel replied.
“Well at least I don’t go around turning my playthings into part-angels,” Balthazar retorted.
Dean cranked up the Zeppelin, and sang along, feeling the music that he'd almost forgotten coming back to him like it was yesterday.  When he discovered that Cas was not familiar with any of the greatest musicians of all time, Dean vowed to introduce the angel to every single one of classic rock's greatest hits.  The long drive ahead of them was a perfect opportunity to go through lots of Dean’s tapes.
"No, I don't require any sustenance," Cas replied simply, and the waiter left before Dean could protest.
But that only led Cas to make the lessons harder.  Cas stopped making the game about Dean moving his wings to touch Cas’ hand.  Instead, he asked Dean to use words to explain where Cas’ hand was.  This turned out to be a lot harder than Dean anticipated.  Somewhere between his instincts and his mouth, Dean got repeatedly tripped up by over-thinking things.
“Why…?” Dean tried to ask, his voice coming out a lot deeper and more forced than usual, like he had something painful stuck in his throat.  He wanted to brush away Cas’ tears with his fingers, but his arm was still to weak and heavy to do more than a slight twitch.
Now what?
“You are past the vulnerable stage.  While you haven’t had enough training to fly yourself, you should be safe as my passenger,” Cas informed him.
"Cas!" Dean called, ignoring how Henriksen was gaping at the spot where Cas had been a second ago.  Dean could still sense that Cas was nearby, but couldn't tell where he had gone.
It was against every hunter instinct that Dean had to close his eyes while exposed so completely out in the open like this, but he had complete trust in Cas to watch over him.  Dean kept his eyes closed and tried to relax while he just focused on his breathing and let the sensations flow through him.  Dean wasn’t sure how long he stood there like that.  The feeling of the wind didn’t lessen in time, but it eventually started feeling less overwhelming, as if his mind was learning to compensate for the increased stimulus.
"Yeah so get this – Henriksen called," Sam exclaimed.
“Cas said to collect them,” Sam explained when Dean asked about it.  “He didn’t really explain why.  Maybe it’s for the magical properties of angel feathers in spell work, or maybe he just wants to make the world’s softest pillow….”  Dean rolled his eyes at Sam, but he secretly liked the idea of giving Cas a pillow made from his feathers that smelled like him.
“Only geeks like you would use ‘irregardless’ in an argument,” Dean grumbled, ignoring the jibe about the insecurity he did NOT have.
Both Cas and Balthazar were trying not to flinch (and failing) while listening to these words.  Even with his limited experiences at being part-angel, Dean knew that bringing too much of an angel’s form into the physical world was a bad thing.  Keeping the angels away from their home dimension was pretty bad too – Dean was trying to ignore the new part of him that also craved to go back to that seraphic dimension, but in the back of his mind he knew that it was there.
“I still can’t feel anything.  Are you sure you’re really…?” Dean complained.  At that moment Cas let out a damn moan – like one of the kinds he made during intense wing grooming sessions.  The sly bastard!  His teasing was downright torture!  Dean smacked Cas’ hand away with his wing and spun around.  Dean opened his mouth but Cas cut him off before he could say anything.
“Have they breached Dean’s skin yet?” Sam asked, looking at Dean’s wings so closely that Dean could feel Sam’s breath on his feathers.
"I take it this wasn't you?" Dean asked. Between how shocked Sam was and the fact that the being that had rescued Dean couldn't even talk to Sam, it was looking a lot less likely that Sam had done something stupid like sell his soul to bust Dean out.
"Dean? You okay in there?" Sam called through the bedroom door. The noise Dean had made while fumbling around must have alerted Sam. Fortunately Sam had learned (the hard way) long ago to never just barge in when Dean was making strange noises in the bedroom.
"So I'm part-angel now? Is it permanent?" Dean asked, trying to take some deep breaths.
“Don’t insult me – of course I still groom my wings.  I just can’t fully heal them with that sigil by the door blocking all healing abilities,” Balthazar added.  Dean realized that his wings must have made a rude gesture at the ungrateful bastard, and smirked.  It sucked to have someone besides Cas reading all of the emotions that his wings were portraying, but he had to approve of whatever his wings were telling Balthazar because Balthazar was scowling pretty darkly now.
“It appears that there are also wards on the inside of the exterior walls as well.  I was unable to sense them before.  Dean and I will not be able to go inside with you, and if those wards are likewise invisible to humans then you will not be able to locate and break them,” Cas reported.  Dean swore.  All that work for nothing – he still couldn’t go inside.  Waiting there was pure torture.  Dean kept checking the time every two minutes, wondering what they would do if Sam and Garth didn’t come back out.
“Unkempt?” Dean repeated with skepticism.  But the look of determination on Cas’ face made Dean realize that there was no arguing with him on this.  With three pairs of hands on his wings, they made short work of the grooming job.  It was far more rushed and mechanical than Dean would have liked, but it would do in a pinch.
"No, my superiors will be angry when they find out.  To my knowledge, this should not have a negative impact on Dean's ability to hunt down and capture Lilith as planned.  But forming such a Profound Bond with a human would be considered an act of rebellion had it been intentional.  But given the circumstances, I most likely will not be killed," Cas explained, hanging his head.
Long climb was a major understatement.
“No Dean – keep your wings still.  You aren’t ready to fly yet,” Cas reminded Dean.
"I'm not ready for them to know. I guess I get now why Sam hid his visions from me at first, and then complained later that I was looking at him differently. I just got Sam back, and I don't want him to look at me like I'm a freak," Dean confessed. He vaguely registered that he was rarely this open and honest with Sam, let alone someone he just met. Yet Cas had a strange way of getting Dean to spill his guts. It didn't really feel like he'd just met Cas either – this felt like what Dean imagined talking to an old friend would feel like (not that he had many of those). Perhaps it was the weird soul bonding thing, or the fact that Cas was completely nonjudgmental throughout this whole conversation.
“Well, last I saw of Lilith, she had just vacated the body of a little girl and possessed Ruby…,” Dean began, trying very hard not to think about what happened next that night.  Unbidden, the memories of the hellhounds ripping him to shreds still flashed in his mind, making his throat tighten and his breath quicken.  Dean looked to Sam to continue the story, since they had never really talked about what had happened immediately after Dean had died.  Dean was grateful when Cas placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder, comforting him enough to keep his breathing under control.  He also could have sworn that he felt Cas’ wings give him a brief embrace, even though they weren’t manifested.
“So this,” Dean asked while gesturing between him and Cas, “doesn’t faze you at all?”
Dean insisted that Sam call Bobby before they arrived and give the old hunter a heads up so he wouldn't be met with silver bullets when they got there. Bobby was a lot less likely to believe in an angel rescue than Sam. Sure enough, Dean had to pass a bunch of tests before he could even get through the front door. But after Dean finally passed all the tests, Bobby pulled him into a tight hug (and the old hunter's eyes were definitely threatening to tear up).
“What?”  Dean asked when he caught a glance of Cas’ bemused expression.  Cas’ sleek dark wings also seemed to glisten in the sunlight, and the blue feather tips looked even more vibrant than usual.
"So what? Does this mean there's a God? I'm not sure I'm buying it," Dean asked.
His eyelids felt so heavy.  Everything felt so heavy.  The voices and movements around him felt more and more distant.  Dean vaguely realized that he was dying.  But at least Sam and Cas were safe….
“Here Dean – I packed some extra bags of trail mix for you,” Cas told him.  Dean kissed him.
“Did you know this would block me?  Why didn’t you say anything?” Dean demanded.
"It claimed that it was an angel," Dean said quietly.
<It’s a pleasure to meet you.  Sam and Dean have spoken very highly of you.> Cas signed.
“These tools are magnificent too – they were forged in holy fire!  Just wait until you see the effects!” the demon added, and then began rummaging through his selection of tools, looking for whichever one he wanted to start with on Sam.  Dean hastened his own search for something he could use to fight back.
Cas must have sensed Dean’s strained panting between moans, because he pulled back and blushed adorably in a way that was completely opposite to the more dominant angel he’d been mere seconds before.
“Break that ward by the entrance so I can help Dean!”
"Well, yeah, okay. Um, I seem to be experiencing some strange physical side effects," Dean began. Cas tilted his head in confusion as he studied Dean. (It was in no way adorable because Dean didn't call anything adorable!)
“I nearly watched you die – again!” Cas replied with a quiver in his voice.
Dean collapsed the rest of the way to the floor, unable to move.  The pain hadn’t gone away when the ward broke.  Dean felt like he could barely breathe.  His heart felt strained as it pumped irregularly in his chest.  Maybe he should have listened to Sam about eating more heart-healthy foods…
“Son of a bitch!” Dean exclaimed when the needles caught on the inside of the backpack when he tried to put it on.  Cas spotted him struggling to carefully unhook the needles without hurting himself, and rushed over to help him.  It took a few minutes to extract Dean’s wings from the backpack, and even the slightest pull on his growing feathers made Dean grind his teeth to avoid crying out in pain.  Damn the wings were sensitive, possibly even more sensitive than before.  It’d be impossible to wear his backpack again until the feathers finished growing in, which could take a while.  In the meantime, Dean would have to do this hunt while staying out of the sight of humans.  Perfect.
"Yes, and I am able to monitor the area with other senses as well.  Don't worry Dean – I won't let any harm come to you," Cas assured him.  Dean relaxed, feeling Cas brush against his mind with even more reassurances than he put into words.
“Dean!  I don’t need details!  Whatever you guys wanna do is cool,” Sam jumped in.  Dean rolled his eyes at how squeamish Sam could be, even when there wasn’t much to be squeamish about (yet).
Cas sighed and popped out of the room for a brief moment.  When he returned Dean felt Cas gently slide earplugs into his ears.
Sam burst out laughing at Dean’s confusion and rising anger.  When he caught his breath, Sam held up a piece of paper with an angel warding sigil on it.  The string of obscenities that came out of Dean’s mouth in response would have made even pirates turn pale.
“Close your eyes and focus on just feeling my Grace manifesting my blade,” Cas suggested.  Cas walked right up behind Dean, like he was the big spoon to Dean’s little spoon.  Cas extended his right arm and aligned it with Dean’s so that they were right on top of each other.
Dean had dumped Sam’s rabbit food into the stew he made, where it was coated with so much gravy and hot sauce that you could hardly still tell that it was vegetables.  Sam made a bit of a face at this, but wisely didn’t comment.  Just because Sam, now the sole grocery shopper in the family, was forcing Dean to eat more vegetables, this didn’t mean that they still had to taste like vegetables.  Dean was quite proud of all the ways he came up with to avoid eating salad.
<Yes but Cas is the only good angel> Dean signed, putting his arm around Cas’ shoulders.  Dean pulled Cas up flush against his side and gave him a big smile, emerald eyes sparkling with pride.  Between Dean’s touch and the way that he was looking at Cas, Cas felt a fluttering inside his heart and his breath hitched slightly.  Cas could get lost in those eyes.
“You warded pie.  Cas and I are going to get you back for that,” Dean insisted.  Clearly Sam was not comprehending the severity of his offence.
“Nice work, Dean.  We’ll take a break for dinner and practice again tomorrow,” Cas said, and he finally placed his hand on Dean’s wing.  Dean moaned and his touch-starved wing leaned into the touch.  But, just as quickly, Cas removed his hand to head for the door.  Dean couldn’t help it – he downright whined at the loss.  Cas’ teasing was going to be the death of him.
<Dean Winchester, I am the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.>
To get extra practice, they decided to put a no speaking rule into place for the three days before Eileen arrived at the bunker.  Dean used this as an excuse to blast loud rock music all day so he could feel the vibration of the music just like deaf people.  Sam invested in a very heavy duty pair of noise-blocking ear muffs, and offered Cas a pair as well.  Cas had sighed and resigned himself to more frequently healing the damage Dean insisted on doing to his ears so that Dean would not lose his hearing.  Cas knew that deaf people like Eileen could be great hunters, but she had a lifetime of experience adapting to a world without sound.  If Dean lost his hearing, he wouldn’t have the same experience to help protect him from all the monsters who wanted to kill him.
“Screw you, Sammy!  If you won’t do it for me, do it for Cas.  Angels weren’t meant to be cooped up inside this long.  Poor Cas is going to get cabin fever,” Dean replied.
With a flap of wings, Hannah was gone.  As the businessman turned towards Dean, Dean felt his stomach drop.  That smug face grinned in a very devilish expression, eyeing Dean like a bug he was about to squash.
"Here – try these," Sam offered with a laugh as he tossed Dean a package of nuts.  Dean managed to catch the bag (he was getting the hang of piecing together what all of his eyes were seeing into one coherent picture).
“I wasn’t trying to fly, I was trying not to fall.  It was a reflex.  Try to warn a guy next time,” Dean grumbled.
But small brief touches couldn’t sustain Dean for long – he wanted more.  There was a spot about halfway along the arch of Dean’s wings – where his alula feathers would someday grow – where he had a small flap of skin and muscle.  They hadn’t done much training with his alula flap yet, but Dean had discovered that he could get a bit of a grip on some things with it.  Time to put that to good use.
"The guy eats his Wheaties," Dean replied dismissively.  "So how about you tell us how you and your fiancé got mixed up with giants and beanstalks?"
Dean whipped out his gun and tried firing at the angel warding, only to have the bullet ricochet off of the invisible wall.  What the hell?
However perhaps it wasn't just another day in Hell after all. In the thirty years that Dean had spent there, he had never seen such a beautiful bright bluish white light. It felt like something inside him was changing just by looking at it. But before Dean could react it was upon him. There was a sheering grip on his shoulder, and then he blacked out.
free, I’m going to go make up for lost time.”
Cas tried not to moan at Dean’s suggestive hand gesture.  He didn’t know where Dean’s new obsession with milkshakes came from, but unfortunately the way that Dean signed it had the double meaning of masturbation.  The sign for “milk” had origins in the way humans would milk livestock like cattle.  Only, that same hand grip used elsewhere could also be used to coax out a very different kind of white body fluid.  It did not help at all that Dean implied a rather explosive result that always toyed with Cas’ imagination.
In a blink of an eye, Dean was standing outside the gas station in an open field. A massive amount of bluish white light – as in the skyscraper-sized kind of massive – seemed to be appearing out of nowhere right in front of him. A pair of gigantic wings started to form out of the light, attached to a body that was shining far too bright for Dean to make out. He could tell that it was humanoid shaped, although the head seemed bigger and more lopsided, but there was too much light for him to make out the details. It felt like there were more eyes focused on Dean than the normal two that a human would have. His eyes kept being drawn to the gorgeous wings instead. The shimmering iridescent blue wasn't quite as bright, instead looking semi-transparent, but they glimmered with a dazzling beauty that Dean felt mesmerized by.
Fingers touched his forehead, and with the sound of wings flapping, Dean was now sitting at the edge of the trees with Sam and Cas.  The ox trampled over the spot where the three of them had been a few seconds ago, and then proceeded to smash through some of the other cars.  Screams came from the log cabin as the other diners became aware of the giant blue ox wreaking havoc outside.
"You see? That's just what any smuck claiming to be an angel would say. So tell me – just what makes you so different from every other supernatural son of a bitch that Sammy and I have been hunting our entire lives?" Dean retorted. He could have sworn he could feel the being gazing right through him into his very soul. Dean swallowed, not expecting a good answer. How the Hell was he supposed to gank the biggest and baddest creature he had ever seen? He didn't even have any weapons, and had no clue what he was really up against. The logical side of Dean's mind was screaming at him that whatever the creature wanted him for was probably really bad. But to his great confusion, a feeling in Dean's gut was convinced that this so-called angel was on Dean's side and would never hurt him.
"Yes – Cas really is an Angel of the freakin' Lord.  Cas, remind me to teach you about sarcasm later, and don't go around telling everyone we meet that you're an angel," Dean cut in.  Dean realized that Cas’ tie was a bit lose, and reached over to straighten it.
"Dean...," Sam began.
“Exploring?” Sam gaped, and then there was a sudden blinding light coming from Sam’s headlamp.
"I knew you were a closet health nut!" Sam teased.
Against all odds and logic, Dean made it to the surface after digging through six feet of solidly packed dirt – all before he suffocated. The dirt was rock hard, and yet Dean had somehow managed to slice through it like butter. Clearly today was not going to be one of those days when the world made sense. He'd made it out of Hell, and had no luck left to spare for a logical explanation. Hell, after this kind of ultimate jail break, Dean would be lucky if his life would ever make sense again.
"So if I can find a weapon that can kill her, and I lure her into a trap...," Sam speculated eagerly.
“What do you mean?” Dean asked, feeling a chill from the implications of Cas’ words, disrupting his otherwise  good mood.
He had badass wings.  It was hard to believe just how different they looked with new plumage.  They looked awesome.  Dean made a few experimental flaps.  His wings made more sound now too, and felt different as he moved them.  Different movements either encountered a lot more air resistance, or practically none at all.  But his wings also felt a lot heavier than they had a few days ago.  As lightweight as individual feathers were, they added up quickly.  Dean was grateful for all of Cas’ help in strengthening his wings.
“You didn’t ask.  And for the record, if I could do it all over again, I’d make the same choice.  I don’t regret the wings, Cas.  They’ve kind of grown on me.  Literally,” Dean told him.  The look in Cas’ eyes of hoping-but-not-wanting-to-let-himself-hope was heartbreaking.
"I want to stop the other angels from killing you again," Gabriel announced.
“Awesome!  Thanks Sa-“ Dean started to say as he made a beeline for the pie, only to slam head first into an invisible wall.
"Even if you had broken, it wouldn't have been your fault. I've never heard of any other human lasting as long under a master torturer like Alastair," Cas insisted with such certainty that Dean really wanted to believe him. "But I am glad that I got separated from the rest of my garrison so that I could find you in time and spare you that pain."
“Don’t get me wrong Cas – I’m freakin’ thrilled about the new feathers and all, but they’re probably just going to get messed up in the cave so we can groom when we get back…,” Dean started to offer, not wanting to be another reason for a delay.
“What the hell?” Dean asked.
"He sure that none of the Feds are watching the area?  I didn't get sprung from the hot box just to have the wrong people recognize us and figure out we're still alive," Dean asked.
“Well, if we don’t have a particular face to search for, I can still try searching based on her known preferences for host bodies and we can narrow it down from there,” Henriksen offered.
"They received word that you have been saved, and they are currently fighting their way back out of Hell. We chose our route into Hell based on schematics that showed an old tunnel to have fallen into ruin from disuse. However the demons anticipated our plan and ambushed us. Had I not accidentally fallen through a weakened spot in the tunnel, it would have taken us many more years to reach you. The new tunnel I found was clearly not well known even by demons. I only came across one demon sneaking through it, and I easily killed her before she could alert anyone to my presence. Since I sent word of what I learned about Hell's geography from the experience, and it should help my brothers and sisters return more quickly," Castiel explained. Dean shuddered and tried not to think too much about the war fought on his behalf, or how very easily it could have turned out very differently. There was no use dwelling on it.
Meanwhile Dean was trying really hard not to freak out. What the hell had just happened to him? Was this some kind of crazy post-Hell side effect? Had he somehow popped out of Hell wrong? Or maybe this had just been some kind of one-time fluke from leftover angel mojo. The wings were gone now. Maybe for once in his life he'd be lucky enough to have them stay gone.
“Alright – let’s get this over with,” Dean replied and braced himself for takeoff.  Memories of the two airplanes that had tried to crash with him on board played through his head.  He also had a steady stream of nightmare memories playing through his head – nightmares of trying to fly on angel wings and literally crashing and burning.  Dean tried to take a few deep breaths to calm himself, but he wasn’t even entirely sure that there was air in this dimension, so it wasn’t really having the usual effect of calming him down.  But whether going through the motions or really breathing, Dean felt like he was more likely hyperventilating than deep breathing.
Consciously letting his other faces out was still a little harder, but now that Dean had gotten the hang of manifesting his wings, the skill mostly transferred to his new faces.  Going from two eyes to six eyes was still disorienting at first, but Dean adapted more quickly this time around.  It was kinda nice actually.  Dean felt like he'd been wearing blinders all day and now he could finally really see.
☆ ★ ☆
“Cas thinks he can teach you to fly,” Sam continued.  Just like every other time the topic came up, Dean immediately had the mental image of himself crashing and burning.  He shuddered.
“Not happening!” Dean insisted, wishing that Sam would just shut up about it.
Cas felt his vessel’s heart pounding.  Was Dean just teasing him or did Dean actually reciprocate his feelings?
☆ ★ ☆
"Thanks," Dean told him weakly, feeling embarrassed that he hadn't suspected that this could have been a trap.  He was tempted to complain about why Cas’ couldn’t have just removed the sedative and left the pie, but Cas interrupted before he could.
“Wings and other angelic anatomy aren’t as easy to heal as human bodies,” Cas answered his unspoken question.  “It takes some time for my Grace to heal and straighten your still-forming feather shafts.”
"Very likely, if we haven't already captured her first. Would you like to rejoin your family now?" Cas offered, raising two fingers, but this time waiting for Dean's response before pressing them to Dean's forehead.
"I wouldn't put it past Dean to lie about it if he did remember. If that was PTSD..." Bobby whispered back, and okay Dean needed to put a stop to their psychological analysis of him. He probably did have some PTSD, but the topic was not up for discussion – he was just going to bury it down and carry on like he always did. Dean tromped down the stairs very loudly and started shoveling scrambled eggs in his mouth like he hadn't eaten in a week. Sam and Bobby went silent as soon as he entered the room, just as he had hoped.
"But...," Dean tried to argue.
<We need to be quick.  Sam wants us to clean> Dean signed back with another eye roll before perking up with an idea.  <Want milkshakes?>
He was vaguely aware that Sam was talking, but didn’t really snap back to the conversation until he felt Cas’ hand leave his wings, the healing completed.
<You look a little pink> Dean teased Sam with a sly grin, which earned him a “bitch face” in return.
"Dean, no monster would ever mother hen me the way you do," Sam replied.
“It’s good to see you again, brother.  I’m so sor…,” Cas began.
"What? No silver knives or holy water?" Dean asked half-jokingly as he tried to choke back his tears. Sam scoffed, and Dean could just picture the eye roll that Sam was probably giving him.
"Yes.  It is highly unusual for one of an angel's heads to have multi-facetted eyes, but I like it.  I can better appreciate the beauty of my Father's creations when I can see them through multiple different kinds of perspectives," Cas replied.  Dean was suddenly acutely aware that Cas' bee eyes were right next to him as they walked, and felt his cheeks flush slightly.  Cas' vision was full of a few hundred images of Dean.
The first bite was even better than Dean had anticipated, and Dean was soon shoveling the pie in with heartfelt enthusiasm, groans of pleasure escaping him.  This was one of the most perfect pies that Dean had ever tasted.  Memories of his mom’s homemade apple pies flooded his mind with every bite.  The top crust was made of melt-in-your-mouth crust crumbles just the way Dean liked it, and the apples were complimented with a perfect blend of seasonings that enhanced their natural flavor without overpowering the apples.
Dean looked deep into Cas’ eyes with a silent plea for Cas to believe.  After all, Dean had forgiven Cas for all the shit that had gone down during that time.  Surely Balthazar could forgive Cas too?  Family meant forgiving people when they screwed up, and Cas and Balthazar were family.  Dean wanted nothing more than to wipe all the pain and guilt from Cas’ face so that his twinkling sapphires would never be darkened by those painful emotions again.  A small glimmer of hope appeared in Cas’ return gaze.  It wasn’t much, but Dean would take what he could get.  They’d find a way to fix this.
"THAT'S NOT FUNNY!" the giant roared.  "GO BACK TO SLEEP!"  It felt like an earthquake as the giant shifted around before rolling over and trying to go back to sleep.
They checked into a motel, taking advantage of the darkness to keep Dean from being seen when they snuck into the room.  Dean scarfed down a large bag of take-out while Sam and Cas did the locator spell again to see if Balthazar had been moved.  No such luck on things being that simple – the locator spell still said that Balthazar was there, but Cas couldn’t find any trace of angel warding anywhere.
The adrenalin from the fight kept them going long enough to cross a few more state lines before trying again to stop for the night.  They had thought about pushing on to try to make it to Macon, Georgia in one go, but everyone was pretty cranky after so many hours on the road.  At least this time the motel they tried was free of any supernatural creatures.  Cas offered to ward the room for them, and Dean was grateful as he passed out on top of the comforters.
"Cas saved me! Cas saved Sam!" Dean protested.
"Shut up, and it's a coyote not a dog," Dean told him grumpily.  The distinction between a dog and a coyote suddenly felt extremely important to Dean.  Coyotes were noble animals that were incredibly intelligent and cunning… and since when had Dean identified this much with coyotes?  It felt right though, so maybe his soul was on to something here.  All three of his faces scowled at one of them being compared to a mere dog.  Now he knew why his voice sounded like it was echoing – his two other mouths were saying the same thing at the same time.
They hadn’t even gotten to the pie yet when Cas sensed other humans coming, forcing Dean to stuff his protesting wings back into his backpack.  The new group of over a dozen talkative college students clearly thought that this was a great lunch spot too, because they were quick to settle down right next to Dean and Cas and attempted to make friendly conversation with them despite Dean’s frosty reception of them.  The strangers didn’t seem to get that they were intruding on something (not that this was a date).
“Ow!  Sam – turn that thing off!” Dean protested.
"Balthazar – thank you.  I…,” Cas started to address Balthazar.  Despite how frosty Balthazar had been, he’d flown Sam back and stayed with him for… however long had passed in the physical world (Dean wasn’t quite sure, but he didn’t think it had been more than a few minutes).
“Alright – we can go together in the morning,” Cas conceded reluctantly.
“Yes, Dean, although I suppose for now it is a bit overwhelming for you, but it will become second nature.  Why do you think that angel wings are so sensitive after all?” Cas replied.  Memories of their mutual wing grooming sessions popped into Dean’s mind, and he felt enthusiastic twitches in both his wings and his pants at the thought.
Bobby hadn't been exaggerating when he'd said the room was trashed. Dean's wings must have been pretty strong because he'd overturned a full bookcase and his night stand. Fortunately the stupid note Dean had scrawled had been blown off of his bed, later getting buried under books before Sam or Bobby could see it. The lamp wasn't salvageable, so Dean got a broom and dustpan to sweep up all the broken glass everywhere. He accidentally stepped on a piece of glass he didn't see, but fortunately it didn't break his skin. It took a while to get everything back in place, especially the many shelves of books that had to be refiled under Bobby's special system.
☆ ★ ☆ SUPERNATURAL ☆ ★ ☆
"Huh," Dean replied, filing that nugget of information away for later and giving Cas a small smile.  "So how do I do this angel blade?"
"I thought this might have been your doing!" Sam shouted angrily as he drew a wooden stake from his inner jacket pocket.
"Dean?" Sam asked incredulously.
Sam seemed more sympathetic about Gabriel not wanting to fight his brothers, and appreciative of the help he did give them, than Dean was.  Dean was also pissed that the archangel wouldn’t just snap his fingers and return everyone to the bottom of the beanstalk.  Nope – they had to climb all the way down every terrifying inch.  Backpacks full of gold didn’t make the climb any easier either.  Most of the gold went to Shayna and Juanita as the engagement gift that Gabriel had promised them in exchange for their ordeal.  However the women insisted on giving the Winchesters enough gold to tide them over for a few months.  Since they were going to be busy saving the world, at least they wouldn’t have to worry about taking time out to hustle pool and steal credit cards for a while.
"Do you think Dean lied about not remembering Hell?" Sam whispered, which Dean did not want to hear – nor should he have been able to hear since Sam and Bobby were in the kitchen and Dean was still upstairs. Fan freakin' tastic. As if the wings weren't enough he had to have super hearing too. Well at least he could currently fit through the window. But the best resources he knew of that might be able to help him were in Bobby's library, so Dean decided to stick around and hope he didn't do anything freaky in front of anyone else.
“Not at all,” Sam quickly agreed.  “But Cas will love the way the green backpack will bring out your eyes!”
“Good Dean,” Cas praised him.  “You’ll be able to help me sense where the wards are in the cave.”  Dean was glad to be more useful, and managed a weak smile back at Cas.  But he was finding it hard to concentrate when his instincts wanted to get away from the wrongness of the ward.  He breathed a sigh of relief when Sam tore the paper up.
However that wasn't what attracted Dean's attention the most when they arrived at the small forest clearing.
“What is taking so long?” Dean grumbled again.
“In the morning?  Why not now?  It’d be easier to break in without so many people around.  Sam and I took turns sleeping in the car, so we’re good to go,” Dean replied.
“You’ve become angel enough for the warding to be effective,” Cas explained with a sigh.  “As I’ve mentioned, part of you now exists on the seraphic plane of existence in addition to the physical one, and the angel warding is designed to block everyone who has access to that plane.”
☆ ★ ☆
With those words, Sam instantly covered his ears like he was in serious pain.
“We can’t,” Cas replied.  “Fledging angels risk damaging their wings if they try to fly prematurely.  Pin feathers are vulnerable to not being able to control the delicate balance between the part of Dean on the physical plane and the part of him on the seraphic plane.  Pulling Dean too far one way or the other could be disastrous.  We’ll have to use human transportation.”  Dean scowled.  Not that he minded not flying – he was thrilled about keeping his feet on the ground – but he hated being the reason why Cas couldn’t go to his friend’s aid faster.  Cas didn’t act like he resented Dean at all for it – he didn’t even seem to pick up on Dean’s guilt on the subject.  Dean sighed and tried to refocus on how nice it would be to drive his baby.  Sure, it would mean 8 hours of sitting in an awkward and uncomfortable position with his wings cramped, but at least he’d be on the open road.
“Yes, yes – I know that you and your… pet half-angel came through for me in the end.  But it’s going to take time for me to trust you again, Cassie,” Balthazar told him.
“Nah, I’ve got this,” Garth replied.
☆ ★ ☆
“I never asked you to,” Dean snapped.  “Besides, classic rock shirts aren’t cheap and I lose enough of them to hunting as is.”  Dean was already mourning the Black Sabbath shirt that he had caught Sam cutting holes in, although that did give him an excuse to wear it a lot while he was stuck at home.
Dean ended up sleeping away most of the car ride, but he fidgeted like crazy for the part he was awake for.  Dean thought he’d lose his mind before it was finally dark enough for him to move into the driver’s seat.  Because of his wings, he had to move the bench back as far as it went and just perch on the edge of the seat.  Sam was perfectly happy with this, as it allowed him to stretch out his abnormally long legs.  On the other hand, Dean felt very uncomfortable and awkward doing what was once one of the most relaxing and normal things in the world for him.
☆ ★ ☆
With a deep breath, Dean tried carefully angling his wings towards the beanstalk... only to start corkscrewing downwards again.
"I tried flying to the top of the beanstalk, but the pocket dimension on the other side is protected by some sort of barrier that even I cannot penetrate.  It appears that the only way in is by climbing the beanstalk, which is also protected from supernatural means of entry, but the protection is weaker at the base, which will allow us to enter here," Cas reported.
☆ ★ ☆
"I have my angel blade, but without knowing what exactly it is that we are facing, I don't know what weapons would be most efficient.  Whatever is behind this must be very powerful to have manifested something like this, so I doubt any of your guns or knives would be of much use," Cas told him.
"You in this to save billions of humans, or just your boyfriend?" Gabriel implied coolly with a raised eyebrow.
"Hey Castiel – long time no see!  Looks like you've been cozying up with the mortals too," the Trickster told Cas warmly.  Cas narrowed his eyes for a moment as he studied the Trickster, then widened them in shock.
YOU put up with ME being...???  I think you’ve got that a bit backwards, Dean!
"Dean!" Sam shouted, and Dean could hear both Sam and Bobby running up the stairs, probably with shotguns in toe to gank whatever they thought was attacking Dean. Shit. Dean was stuck halfway out the window, and in a few seconds Sam and Bobby were going to break down the door and discover that Dean was the monster they'd come up here to gank. All because Dean's new wings couldn't just freakin' go away!
<Both Winchesters enrolled in an ASL class in Lawrence.  I’ve helped both of them practice at home.  Sam in particular stayed up late many nights to study.> Cas signed.
Dean wasn't sure what he'd been expecting – maybe a land made from clouds – but the pocket dimension (as Cas called it) that they'd entered didn't look that much different from Earth.  There was a medieval looking castle in the distance, and between here and there were trees, and grass, and rocks...
“…can see angels even without drinking untested magical potions, yeah Cas, we remember,” Dean grumbled.  “So how much info do the demons have?”
“Now you try,” Cas breathed onto Dean’s neck, making Dean shiver despite his best attempts to control himself.  Dean reached down into his soul, and tried to just let the angel blade come as naturally to him as his wings did.  He was a warrior – a blade should be the most normal thing for him to manifest.  It took a few minutes of concentration before he could get his soul to cooperate since this was the first time he was trying to get it to do this particular trick, but eventually he felt his energies surge towards his awaiting hand.  Cool metal slipped down into his hand.
"Watch my energies while I demonstrate," Cas instructed.
Sure, nearly dying sucked, but it’d all turned out alright in the end.  Sam, Cas, and Balthazar were all alive and free, and the demon was dead – Dean called that a win.  Cas must have seen Dean’s thoughts in his eyes, because Cas sighed and got a very sad look in his eyes that very clearly asked “why can’t you ever learn to value yourself?”  Dean didn’t have an answer to that.
“When your wings are bigger, your car won’t have enough space to accommodate them until you learn to make them insubstantial,” Cas continued.  Dean cringed at the thought of not being able to drive his Baby.
Dean couldn’t help grinning at how at peace Cas seemed out in nature, and immediately knew that he’d made a good choice for their not-date.  It was a nice early spring morning with perfect temperatures and bright blue skies.  Better yet, they’d set out early enough that the trail wasn’t crowded with other hikers.
“I didn’t think psychics and angels mixed,” Dean commented, but he internally cursed himself when he saw how the reminder of what happened to Pamela made Cas flinch.  But Cas recovered in a blink of an eye.
<Penis masturbation> Dean signed with a wicked grin.  Dean then proceeded to wrap his lips around the straw and make pornographic noises while drinking.
Dean strained, trying to visualize those accursed wings coming out of his back again, and ordering them to show up.
“If you’re ready Cas,” Dean replied.  They’d been taking it slow for a while, since Dean wanted this to be completely different from any other relationship he’d ever had.  He was playing for keeps, and wanted to do this right, savoring every step along the way.  But now felt right – they’d waited long enough.
Dean tugged at whatever it was wrapped around him, and was even more started to discover that doing so actually hurt. What the hell? It felt like Dean had tried to yank one of his own arms out of its socket, but last time Dean checked, he didn't have any fluffy arms. Whatever this was, it was softer than silk, fluffier than a pillow, semi-transparent, and it glowed softly with a shimmery iridescent green. If Dean hadn't been so freaked out, he probably would have felt spellbound by the graceful way the green light seemed to dance around. It practically looked like whatever was smothering him was made of pure energy.
“Yeah – we’ve done all we can for now.  I’ll translate the text back at the bunker and we’ll go from there,” Sam replied.  “Thanks for coming Garth – do you want to come back to the bunker with us?”
<... these are all the documents I’ve found so far that mention your grandfather.  I thought you might enjoy taking a look through them while you are here.> Sam signed.
“Well we have Cas’ and my bags in here with us, so maybe we can toss my lock picks over to Sam…,” Dean suggested.
"What can I get for you today?" the waiter asked.
“With all of the twists in a cave labyrinth system, I might not be able to sense the warding until I was very close to it – possibly not until I could see it – in which case they might be able to sense me or see me too,” Cas replied.
No – that was wrong. Alastair was playing with his head again, trying to make Dean think that he had already broken. It was cleaver really. If Alastair managed to convince Dean that Dean was already enjoying torturing other victims, then maybe Dean might not object the next time Alastair offered him a blade. But no matter how hard Alastair tried to trick Dean with the illusions, Dean could still tell when what he was experiencing wasn't real.
“It’s nice to be special.” Castiel reached over and ruffled Dean’s wet hair.
Dean had coffee.
Gabriel came down on one knee. “No, but I missed you. You are a mighty little warrior. I’m so proud of you.” He reached for her and she stepped back. Gabriel stood again. “It seems I have a lot of damage to repair, bridges to unburn. I’m sorry that there wasn’t another way.”
“You don't know her. She teaches at a school for the deaf in northern California. I met her when I was working that charity gig up there.” Sam looked down at his hands. “She didn't have a clue who I was.”
Dean ignored the question, pulling over the rolling chair and took a seat. His sturdy legs bowed out in front of him. He leaned and braced his arms on his thighs, clasping his hands in front of him. Then he spoke. “How long were you going to make me stand out there, Cas?”
Old Mo said, “She’s got a very devoted mother. She also gets a lot of freedom. She and her mother have been waiting a long time for something stable to come about for them, but…” Old Mo’s voice drifted off like the petals on the parade floats. Sam was staring off at the procession.
"Shayna – we will do everything we can to get Juanita back to you.  How about you show me how this spell works so we can get started?" Sam told Shayna.  Sam, Shayna, and Henriksen went over to the bowls of powdered spell ingredients while Dean stayed behind because he sensed Cas wanted to talk to him.
“…and since then you guys weren’t attacked by tricksters once while driving halfway across the country through the territories of multiple other tricksters,” Gabriel countered.  “None of them are going to hunt Dean now, and some of them might be friendly towards Dean in the future since I explained that his new form has some affinity towards two tricksters.”
“Cas, . . .,” Dean began.
“But I’m a hunter – hunters can’t be limited by crap like this,” Dean protested.
*If you can finish one of our giant homemade pies in half an hour, you eat free!"
“Yeah,” Dean confirmed needlessly.  Now that he’d gotten a better look at it, it reminded him of the symbols he’d seen once while astral-projecting.  This was another thing that normal humans couldn’t see that he now could.  Dean was grateful that he never went anywhere unarmed, and quickly whipped out a gun and blade.  He wondered if he could use his knife to scrape away enough of the paint that Cas could go inside with him.  But then, when Dean was suddenly about 15 feet away from the building, he ran into an invisible wall.  Stunned, Dean traced his hand over the invisible wall that was 15 feet around all of the warded area.  Realization dawned on Dean and anger pulsed through his veins.
Dean’s milkshakes in no way resembled Sam’s “health food” smoothies.  Sam liked to include ingredients like kale, almond milk, and lots of fresh vegetables.  Dean liked to use pie filling with some milk, chocolate sauce, and crumbled graham crackers - essentially pie in a cup.
Castiel, Angel of the Lord, had endured many difficult things over his billions of years of existence.  But the way that Dean was pumping his mouth up and down the straw while sucking and making all kinds of indecent little moans of pleasure - that was redefining Cas’ understanding of torture.
“Right – because Cas has been the one to put saran wrap over the toilet, put sugar in the salt shaker, and short sheet my bed,” Sam retorted with a very knowing look at Dean, at which time Dean suddenly found urgency in unpacking the groceries that Sam had just brought home. Dean tried not to smirk, thinking of all the other pranks he’d set up that Sam hadn’t even found yet.
Dean was able to put his wings’ betrayal behind him as they hiked.  Even though Dean didn’t consider himself to be a nature lover, he had to admit that his home state had a lot more natural beauty than he’d appreciated before.
“Dean!  Are you alright?” Sam frantically whispered, crouching down next to him.  Even though he was talking quietly in case there were any demons nearby, his voice still caused very faint echoes in the cave.
"You are too tense. This isn't something you can force," Cas told him. "What were you doing the last time you manifested them?"
"What, you gave the poor smuck some display of angel powers and he just invited you right in?" Bobby asked.
Cas’ eyes widened.  Dean had just gotten the sign for pink correct even though Cas had been too distracted to correct him earlier.  Dean had been getting all of his ASL correct tonight without a single mix up or accidentally inappropriate word.  It defied logic that Dean would improve so much since this morning….
Dean gaped in shock as he took in his reflection.  His normal, human face was unchanged.  But then on either side of his head were two semi-transparent other faces that weren't human.  One looked like a coyote's face and the other was a squirrel face.
“I’m fine,” Cas insisted, his voice a full octave lower than usual, and boy did that voice do things to Dean.  Dean felt his whole body shiver, and some of that shiver must have passed on to Cas’ wings where Dean was touching them, because Cas chose that moment to let out a low moan.  Sam’s eyes practically popped out of his head when he realized what they were doing.
"Did that man just disappear into thin air?  Did the giants somehow get him too?" Shayna asked.
<Dean> Cas signed patiently, but unable to stop his cheeks from flushing a bit.  <Don’t repeat the sign “hungry” for emphasis.  Sign “hungry” once and use your facial expression to show how hungry you are.>
☆ ★ ☆ SUPERNATURAL ☆ ★ ☆
“Hey Dean – everything going okay?” Sam greeted him.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas replied with a secretive smirk that made Dean feel all kinds of warm and giddy in anticipation.  One of the wing movement training techniques that Cas had been doing with Dean was for Cas to lightly touch one of Dean’s wings and have Dean lean his wing into the touch.  Dean had gotten the hang of that one rather quickly.  Like when Cas walked behind him in previous wing-touching sessions, Dean closed his eyes so that he could focus entirely on the sensations from Cas’ hands.  Only, Dean kept waiting and waiting and nothing happened.
"Dean!" Sam exclaimed in surprise, breaking the mood.  Dean wished the sasquatch had slept longer, but the alarm in Sam's voice made Dean wonder if there was something besides the wings that Sam was reacting to.
“Forget it Cas – you’re not going alone.  We can’t risk losing you too,” Dean reminded Cas pleadingly.  Dean didn’t even want to think about the possibility of Cas being trapped in some cave, being tortured by demons, with Dean having no idea which tunnel to go through to find him.
"Jerk," Sam retorted. Both brothers tightened the hug even more for a moment before eventually pulling back.
"Can we talk to your cousin?  It will help if she could explain what she saw.  It could hold clues to what happened," Sam interjected, always the good peacekeeper.  Henriksen deflated a little.
Dean jumped as a rock projectile narrowly missed him.  This monster was just supposed to PRETEND to try to kill him, wasn’t it?  If Dean hadn’t been working hard with Cas to learn how to see using his extra eyes without manifesting them, then Dean might not have been able to dodge that one in time.  This play fight was feeling all too life-threateningly real.
Nobody in their small group needed to be told twice as they all started racing towards the castle while the giants were preoccupied.  It was hard to run with the ground shaking so violently under their feet, and without realizing it, Dean brought his wings out again to help balance himself.  They didn't slow down until they were at least a mile away, which wasn't very far for a giant, but they were out of breath.  The earthquakes from the giants fighting weren't quite as strong here at least as they pressed forward.
☆ ★ ☆
"You heard me right!  God just up and left with vague enough instructions for the freakin' apocalypse that the kids decided to throw one while he was away?  Huh?  How is that right?  Even if that is really God's plan, then it's a bad one and we need to stop it!  Come on, Cas!  Think about this!  You're better than this!" Dean insisted.  He looked deep into Cas' eyes, and could actually feel the terror and doubt coming from them.  But Dean could also feel the sparks of yearning to trust in Dean and believe in what he was saying.
“I’d like that,” Cas replied with one of the biggest smiles that Dean had seen on him.
"I'll pick up some food and bring it back.  Then, after we eat, Cas can help you look more human again," Sam offered in compromise.  Dean sighed but agreed.  He was a bit nervous about Sam going alone right now, but everyone seemed to think that Dean was the target of whoever was out to kill him, so their guardian angel wasn't going to leave Dean's side.
Silence and darkness.  Dean had to take a few deep breaths to remind himself that he was safe with Cas in the Bunker.  Dean’s remaining senses went into overdrive, but he still wasn’t getting any kind of mental image of where Cas was.  He could feel the slight air displacement as Cas moved, and he had his instincts.  Between them, his accuracy rate wasn’t half bad.  It may not have been what Cas was looking for, but it still made for good practice – with the reward of getting to briefly touch Cas with his wings.
"Why?" Cas asked.
Zachariah was royally pissed. Somehow Castiel had gotten separated from the rest of the garrison, and as luck would have it, Castiel had saved the Righteous Man ahead of schedule. After all Zachariah's careful planning to make sure the angels took a route through Hell that would prevent them from rescuing Dean on time, and one insignificant little seraph had accidentally ruined everything! Dean hadn't broken the First Seal yet, so now they had to start all over.
Angels weren't supposed to sweat under any circumstances.  But Cas clearly wasn't much of an angel if he was sweating this much.  What if Dean greeted Sam's girlfriend by signing “nice to fuck you?”  What if he made more inadvertent penis references that made it sound like he was hitting on her?  The thought made Cas feel sick.  He was half tempted to flee so he didn't have to witness Dean accidentally flirting with someone else…
Maybe if he could find Sam, if Sam was still alive, they might be able to find some clues. Meanwhile, Dean had a long walk ahead of him.
"Dean – this is the second time in two days that we've come across something that should not exist.  I have watched life on this planet since the first single-celled organisms formed in the oceans, and I have never before come across blue oxen, humanoids, or beanstalks of these proportions," Cas told him.
"No way!  You are not going to angel mojo my pie away!" Dean protested.  Cas blinked in confusion, doing the head tilt thing again, but he respected Dean's wishes.
“You really think the blade of a part-angel can take down a demon as powerful as Lilith?” Dean asked skeptically.
There was the sound of wing beats again, and Cas returned just in the nick of time to catch the tree and prevent it from making Winchester pancakes.  Who knew that a nerdy little guy in a trench coat could lift such a huge tree?  But Cas did more than catch the tree – he threw it across the clearing and beaned the ox square on the nose.  The ox fell over, either dead or unconscious.  A few seconds later the ox evaporated like it had never really been there in the first place.
"Yes – there is a difficult-to-detect sedative in his system.  He'd be in a coma by now if not for the part of my Grace that he imbibed," Cas reported.  Two fingers touched Dean's forehead, warmth flooded through his body, and Dean's mind was suddenly completely clear.  Unfortunately his stomach was now also painfully empty.  He'd lost all of his precious pie after all.
“I can sense multiple different warded areas in various parts of the cave.  I suspect that some of them are decoys,” Cas reported.  Dean swore.  Of course it couldn’t be that easy.  When did Winchesters ever have good luck and easy hunts?
Their flight leveled off again, and the next thing Dean knew they were soaring upwards.  So long as he didn't overthink it, his wings knew how to fly.  With each mighty flap Dean's wings were carrying them back upwards to where everyone else was still waiting for them.  There were cheers of surprise and relief as they got closer.
The giant mound of living rocks that was uprooting whole trees was, of course, completely immune to the guns and knives Dean had on him.
Dean wasn’t expecting the shift back to the physical world to suck.  It was the worst claustrophobia-inducing feeling that he’d ever experienced – like literally every inch of his body was being squeezed from all sides.  Dean wasn’t sure what was worse – the feeling of compression, or suddenly feeling like his body weighed 500 pounds.  Dean lost his balance, and fell face first onto the cave floor.  His wings automatically flailed about, flapping like crazy to try to keep him upright, but that only caused a painful pulling sensation in his wings.
"Awesome," Dean muttered.
Dean vetoed Cas' suggestion for him to fly them there.  His soul wanted to drive his Baby, and Cas didn't want to deny Dean's soul, right?  It felt awesome to be on the open road heading towards a case again.
"THAT'S IT!" the first giant roared as he slammed into the second giant, just narrowly missing the bush where Dean was hiding.  The two of them tumbled down a large hill before starting a punching match at the bottom.
"You mean rebel?  Lucifer rebelled, and he was cast out for disobeying God's plan.  Surely whichever angels are behind this ploy will also be cast out.  Angels starting the apocalypse cannot be what God intended.  If we go to Michael...," Cas argued.
They could practice more angel mojo later.  For now they were both just overjoyed to finally let their souls and grace have something else they’d been yearning for.
"It's been thirty years since Dean last hunted.  It'd be prudent for him to start with a few small cases before going after Lilith," Cas proclaimed.
"Dean?  But why?  Hasn't he been through...?" Sam protested.  Dean frowned at the worried glance that Sam sent his way, almost like he didn't think Dean could do it.  But just because their last encounter had gone horribly wrong didn't mean this time would.  They were going in much better prepared now, with lots more knowledge and much stronger allies.
"You don't think you deserve to feel comfort?" Cas asked in surprise, and Dean really needed to tell the dude to lay off the mind reading, but right now he couldn't even meet Cas' eyes. "Dean – you deserved to be saved, and you deserve to enjoy what few comforts your life has given you..."
“You boys are so lousy at rescues that it’s a wonder you’ve survived this long,” Balthazar drawled.
Dean had been so focused on the similarities between him and Cas that it hadn't occurred to him that Cas' forward facing face still being human (inside or outside his vessel) was something unusual for angels.  Maybe Cas' human face was a sign that his angel had been connected to humanity even before they'd ever met.
"Are you kidding me?  A freakin' beanstalk?  How would every news outlet in the country not be all over that?" Dean asked.
“Those are girls’ shirts, Sammy!  What’s next?  Chapstick?” Dean protested.  He still couldn’t believe that Sam had come back from his latest shopping trip with a bag full of girls’ shirts from the used store, much less that Sam was actually trying to convince him to wear them.  Dean was NOT the girl in the family.  Although, if Dean were to give Sam any credit – which let’s face it, was not going to happen here – he’d admit that at least the shirts weren’t pink or frilly, but simple and solid colors like black, navy, and forest green.
"Angels were created with the sole purpose of obeying God's commands.  If I do this, we will all be hunted.  We will all be killed," Cas replied.
“Lilith tried to kill me with some kind of blinding white light, but I was somehow immune, and so when she couldn’t kill me she freaked out and bailed.  I gave Ruby’s old meatsuit a hunter’s funeral once I accepted that she wasn’t coming back,” Sam explained in a dead tone that showed how much he didn’t want to think about that night either.
"Dean!" Cas called after him.  Dean sensed Cas try to jump after him, but Cas smacked into the barrier he’d mentioned earlier.  Cas had too much angel mojo to get through the barrier, but Dean was still human enough to pass right through.
"While you two idjits were fooling around, we caught a case," Bobby announced, looking like he was still trying to still his heart.
“Poor little warded angel – don’t you know that exorcisms and angel spells can’t work through wards?  Well, I always did hear that Sam was the smart one.  No wonder he figured out how to hide his wings first,” the demon mocked him.  Dean felt his face heat up as he glared back at the demon.  Dean thought that there was probably some truth to that – if Sam had been the one with wings, Sam probably would have learned how to hide them by now.  But Sam was human, and only in danger now because he’d helped Dean groom his wings earlier and gotten Dean’s wing oil on his hands.
“Dude – you didn’t honestly take this seriously, did you?” Sam replied with an eye roll as he tore the paper with the warding sigil in two, and Dean actually felt the effects of the ward dissipating.  “Enjoy your pie – but no more messing with my laptop.”  Sam handed Dean the slice of pie that he had cut, then started unpacking the rest of the groceries.
The next thing he knew, Cas had put two fingers on Dean's forehead and the world spun away. Suddenly he and Cas were standing alone in the middle of a forest far away from Bobby's house.
That’s when everything went wrong.
“It was like Balthazar was standing right next to you,” Cas supplied, still looking like he’d seen a ghost – which, to be fair, he kind of had.  Dean felt (slightly) less crazy upon hearing that Cas had seen the same thing.  “This spell indicates how long ago an angel lost a feather, and the perceived physical distance correlates to the time difference.”
"What the...?" Sam suddenly exclaimed, and Dean quickly turned to where Sam was looking.
“Of course.  My apologies,” Cas replied, his face going from excited to dejected so fast that it gave Dean whiplash.  Damn – that kicked puppy expression could give Sam a run for his money.  Dean immediately felt bad for chastising Cas just for teaching him new important stuff about his wings.  Better to find out now than the next time they encountered another angel.
"That should not exist...," Cas commented, but Sam and Dean pulled him towards the Impala.
"We've got to eat sometime Sammy," Dean replied as he turned down the side road to the lodge the map on the sign had indicated.  His mouth was watering as they pulled up to a quaint old fashioned log cabin surrounded by giant pine trees.  The event had attracted quite a crowd, but there was still a table open for them.
…,”Dean automatically continued, only to have the demon laugh in his face.
"Deeeaan!" Sam screamed.
"You're angelic parts should not require substance – any nourishment passed through them would just be transferred back to your vessel," Cas explained.
Henriksen had arrived at the meeting spot early.  He looked really weird in normal clothes, but his stiff FBI posture didn't really help him blend in.
“Not even a little bit, Cas. I mean, I’d be a damn hypocrite if I did, considering I do it too.” Castiel swivels his head to look at Dean, whose face is composed and calm.
He starts small. One morning, as he stirs his honey into his coffee, he asks Dean to take him clothes shopping. He knows he can go alone, but he’s taking baby steps after all. Castiel had been borrowing Sam and Dean’s clothes for the most part, and he enjoys wearing Dean’s shirts more than he’d care to admit. Dean agrees to take him, but asks him why he wants to go, and Castiel tells him he just wants things of his own. It’s not exactly a lie but stepping around the truth feels second nature at this point. Of course, he doesn’t have his own money (
Jack looks troubled by this, his brows knitted together.
Dean raises his eyebrow at that, taking a sip of his coffee. “Writing? I thought we were done with prophetic writing,” he teases, and Jack gives him an honest scowl. He deserves it, but Dean loves how much he looks like Castiel when he does that.
They’re quiet for a moment when Castiel looks back down at his drawing of Jack. It’s not quite there yet, but Dean had recognized it, so he’s making progress.
Being without grace is more of a double entendre than Castiel wants to admit. He’s clumsy in his human form, and even if it’s his second go so to speak, it’s foreign and unsettling. Every touch is new, every sensation heightened, and it’s so much good and so much bad that he’s surprised more humans aren’t driven mad by the contradictions of the human body. The last time he was human, he was focused solely on survival, on blind instinct. This time, it’s so different he almost thinks he isn’t human at all.
Dean’s face softens, but he knows Jack can sense his uncertainty.
It’s hard to plan the rest of your life freed from the shackles of fate when he doesn’t even know that. So, he drinks some more.
“I miss this a lot, Dean. I miss being here with you guys so much.”
The silence that falls in the room is one of understanding, but Dean still feels a frustration fester within. He puts his head in his hands and groans.
. Now, back with the man who gave him so much joy, he yearns to chase that same happiness, and he feels it in small doses, like when Dean starts adding honey to his coffee without asking, or when Dean hums along to one of the CD’s Castiel had bought at the music store, and Castiel hopes that those small moments are enough to sustain his aching human heart.
“Is that why you keep drawing my face?”
“You’re too young for those anyway,” Dean scoffs, and Jack nods solemnly. It’s easy for other people to forget how young Jack is, but Dean, Sam, and Castiel are acutely aware of his “true age”, so to speak. “So, what are you writing yours about?”
“Fuck, Jack, sorry, I just…”
“Dean, I mean that there’s a chance none of you would have made it back alive.”
“He’s not boring,” he repeats, a look of concentration on his face. “He’s… loyal. He’s kind, he’s strong. He’s always there for his friends, even when it’s dangerous. Especially when it’s dangerous.”
, but he’s not. Each morning, he stays in bed until Miracle pesters him long enough to be left out. He makes fleeting eye contact with Sam, but he doesn’t talk much. Sam will often tell him what he plans to do for the day, and Dean will nod, but not speak. He feels like his voice doesn’t work anymore, in that even if he wanted to say something, he wouldn’t be able to. Thankfully, Miracle is receptive to non-verbal communication.
Dean nods slowly, but soon he’s shaking his head. Jack looks worried.
“Well,” Dean starts, his hand finding Castiel’s, “I drew that picture of you.”
Jack insisted that the cost was his grace, but Castiel is willing to sacrifice much more to keep what he has right now.
“Well, I guess I can agree with that. The kid’s got heart, though sometimes to a fault,” Dean ponders, and Jack laughs at that in agreement. Before he can finish his thought, he sees Castiel appear in the doorway, rubbing his eyes with the sleeve of his sweater. Dean pats the spot next to him and Castiel shuffles his way towards the bed.
Castiel closes his eyes. He does, a lot, too much in fact. Each day it’s a dull ache, but some days it swells and pushes at his walls in an all-consuming manner.
“What?” Dean shrugs, “It’s rude to interrupt.”
“We’ll always be happy to see you, Jack.”
Dean furrows his brow. “Without getting hurt? Jack, he lost his damn grace!” he says with a bit more bite than he intends. Jack doesn’t seem fazed.
“You suffered for me, too. This is more than a thank you, Dean, this is me making things right. I don’t think I could just hang out in heaven without ever doing this for you.”
On the drive to the motel, Castiel comments on how much Claire takes after Dean. He sees Dean smile at that, his face lit up by the moonlight, and he memorizes the way the shadows of passing trees wash over the planes of his face.
Eventually, Jack gets up, and Dean knows he has to go. Before he leaves, he looks at Dean with as much seriousness as a three-year-old in an adult body can muster.
Even as an angel, Castiel had always found joy in small things – flowers, bees, and other small animals always gave him comfort, and so sometimes he steps out of the bunker with Miracle to just sit in nature. It’s different to experience creation as a human, its intricacies so invisible and incomprehensible in their mechanisms. Instead, all that is visible to the human perception is the unabashed beauty of it all – the colours of falling leaves, the cool dampness of the mud, the whistle of the wind through the tree branches like an instrument, it’s all overwhelmingly beautiful. Castiel had seen beauty, particularly in the face of one particular human, but with human senses, a beauty that he once thought shallow and contrived, it’s so much more saturated and powerful.
“Wait, Jack? As in, you?” he asks, turning his head to see Jack smiling and nodding.
But today is Saturday which means Dean is forcing them all to take a break from moving responsibilities. It also means a late brunch of some approximation of eggs benedict (Dean saw it on some brunch menu in a diner years ago, and had been morbidly curious about poached eggs and hollandaise sauce since) and fresh fruit and yoghurt for Jack and Castiel. Jack is still not much of a sleeper, mostly in that he doesn’t sleep in very often, and while Castiel enjoys the luxury of waking up well into the afternoon, he enjoys early mornings picking baskets of strawberries at the farmer's market with Jack more.
Jack tilts his head, and Dean can barely look at him, as it reminds him too much of Castiel, who,
He also tells her about the Empty, about the promise, and about his grace (or lack thereof). Claire is quiet but manages to comment on how that explains the fashion choice, which makes Castiel laugh. She ponders quietly, saying that Castiel looks so much like a dad, but, for some reason, nothing like Jimmy. Her words hit Castiel heavy in his heart, but its short and fleeting. A lightness takes over him, and his shoulders release a tension he didn’t know they were holding.
“I’ve lived thousands of years understanding the universe through complex and indescribable dimensions, through colours and feelings incomprehensible to humans.” Castiel realizes he’s rambling, but he lets himself speak.
Dean levels his gaze with Jack, his face serious.
Jack shuffles on the bed closer to Dean until he’s leaning against the headboard next to him. He cuddles close to Dean, and Dean feels his arm instinctively wrap around the boy. God or not, Jack is still very much a child.
He tells Claire about Jack, her brother, and Claire laments that she never got to meet him. Castiel regrets never introducing them, but he knew it was for their safety, and he tells her that Jack will visit again. He doesn’t know if this is true, but something tells him Jack won’t stay away for too long.
“I don’t remember you being particularly happy to see me,” Dean laughs, and Castiel pokes his side.
The following morning, as he’s stirring his honey into his coffee, deciding that buckwheat honey was not as suitable for coffee as the wildflower after weeks of experimentation and rumination, he pulls out the photo he took. He stares at it thoughtfully. Sam is profile, staring at Dean, while Dean is turned to the camera, caught in the moment, his face open and innocent. Settling down at his desk, he pulls out his sketchbook. He had no idea how to draw, really, with most of his artistic expression being in writing and repetitive sigils drawn in blood, but he understands that art is largely geometry. He maps it out slowly – the jutting bone of Dean’s eyebrow, the angle of his jaw, the curve of his hair. It’s abstract at best, and looks nothing like Dean, but he traces those same shapes over and over until he’s filled the page with meaningless lines and corners. He carefully tucks the photo into the sketchbook and places it in a drawer when he hears Sam call for him, likely to help with research for a case.
He truly doesn’t have much of a plan when he parks into a non-descript parking lot in the downtown area of a nearby town. He hops out of the truck, a beige tote bag he had received for free at the farmer’s market one weekend slung over his shoulder and takes in his surroundings. It’s still quite early, meaning that much of the town is still asleep, and many storefronts are just opening. Before he can make any decisions on what to do, his stomach grumbles, another reminder of his humanity that, thankfully, has a somewhat enjoyable remedy, and he beelines towards a diner he had seen on his drive in.
“I don’t want shit, Sammy,” he mutters, his body turned away from Sam. He hears Sam sigh.
“Why did you bring him back, Jack?” he asks, and he knows it’s unfair to ask, but he feels like he has to. Jack answers immediately.
By the time Sam finally moves out, Dean and Castiel making multiple trips to their new place to help with moving, they’re too exhausted to assess their new life alone in the bunker. Dean orders a pizza and flops down on the couch, Castiel joining him on the opposite end. They’re quiet, tired, and worn out, and the silence is a welcome reprieve from the heavy lifting and arguing about where things should go hours earlier.
After a greasy breakfast and an incredibly flirtatious waitress, who left him her number on the receipt, he steps backout into the brighter sun of mid-morning. The streets are more alive with morning commuters dotting the sidewalks. The awareness that comes with humanity made Castiel realize how much he probably stood out before as an angel, donning a trench coat and a suit in most weather, seemingly impervious to both sweltering heat and bitter cold. He realizes now, wearing a maroon pullover sweater and jeans, that he blends in seamlessly. As an angel, he always thought he was blending in simply by virtue of having a human vessel, but he’s learned that it’s so much more to be human, to be individual, to be free. There’s an unspoken vow of belonging that hinges upon individuality. It’s harrowing and exhilarating to be somebody and nobody all at once.
Now it was Crowley’s turn to toss his head back in frustration. “You’re getting old, buddy.”
She made it her mission to protect herself in her lands. She added warding to the property, everywhere that she could. She placed devil’s traps here and there, to keep the demons from making too much progress. She encouraged plants that could be used in simple spells to repel vampires. She set out weapons around the house and even in the woods. She even took a trip into town to the church. There was talk of Father Thomas going missing. She ignored that. She instead slipped into the back of the church and sought out the treasured books that were tucked away out of sight. She presumed that they would have something recorded about angels.
“Yeah.” Dean stared straight out the window. Cas turned his gaze there too. “I feel like you’re just seconds away from bolting.”
“What? You're kidding me.” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Well, if you’re going out drinking with him, he gains an advantage that he might try to exploit. Just be careful. I think he’s not so different from our Luc.”
There was something graceful about the way Cas moved. Even the simple things he did looked like a dance. His long, fingers seemed to dance over the little pile of plants that he was sorting. He had a knife that he laid out in front of a bowl. He lit a candle, blew it out, lit it again, and then blew it out a second time. He lit it a third time and let it burn. “Help me carry everything to the floor in front of the bed,” he commanded.
She knew how he was. Everyone knew how he was. For a man that ‘Valued privacy’ Dean Winchester certainly was quick to share a lot with the camera. Cas couldn't seem to escape him. When shopping, he was confronted by Dean's grinning face on several magazines lined up at the checkout counter. When he was at home, the news media did their part to cover every bit of his life.
Things were better on the outside. They stopped going to bars and picking up women. Cas began feeling more comfortable in his body again, not like he was feeling before, all inadequate and broken. Most days he still felt like running away was the best option, but Dean never seemed to let him forget the promise he made.
“Sam,” Dean said.
Crowley just glared at him for a moment. “I'm sure he did. Bobby never said anything to make me think otherwise.”
Dean found himself on the top floor of his complex, surrounded by neighbors he hardly knew. They did these social events at the pool from time to time in the summer. He only went to calm his nerves, find whatever distraction he could. Tomorrow would be Friday, and he was not feeling ready for that. He considered drinking the night away, but that might make things a little too much like before.
It was still day, a bright, too-hot day. Summer had dragged out long this year. It wasn’t summer. It wasn’t even fall.
“Sometimes one just needs do something to get rid of tension. I’ve noticed that you don’t like inaction. You get restless, and sometimes that leads to being reckless. I’m glad you’re punching things at 3 am over running off on a misguided hunt. This is safer.” Cas wasn’t looking at Dean as he spoke or he likely would have stopped. Dean set down the weight and just stared up at him.
“You really hate me that much right now?”
“She sent you,” Sam said with a smile. “You tell me.” He popped a fry into his mouth with a smirk.
“We're friends right?” Michael was asking, too close to Dean's ear.
“Fake it til you make it, Deano.”
Castiel just hummed. “Might be the only thing that could make this conversation more awkward.”
“What was that about?” Sam asked.
“You and Sam do all of this kind of work constantly, Mary too. I just…” He trailed off for a moment and then said, “I meant what I said out there before. You’re everything. I’m glad that we don’t have to lose any of the Winchesters.” Cas reached up and ran his hand through his hair in a move that seemed like something very Dean Winchester. He was staring down at the computer now, like he was ready to go back to reading.
“Maybe add a shirt, I guess.” Cas tipped his head to the side as if he was considering other options.
“You barely know me, Joan,” Dean said.
Dean said, “What am I, chopped liver?” The little girl just shrugged at him, and smiling, bounded back off toward the parade. “Sam Winchester, lover of dogs, player of checkers, tamer of children, wearer of flowers, second of his line.”
Dean reached up to him, and Cas took his hand. “Come here,” Dean said again, and pulled him down to the bed. Cas sat a little awkwardly beside Dean until, Dean pulled him closer. “Lay down, dummy.” Cas did as he was told. Dean wrapped his arms around him and pulled him close. “Don’t let me sleep for too long. There’s a bar downstairs we can totally check out.”
Cas chalked it up to Crowley's never ending desire for money. And this album was going to be a money maker. Word was already out there about the collaboration between two powerhouse performers. When they added a drummer to the mix, excitement went through the roof, because Kevin Tran wasn't just a drummer in anyone's book.
Rowena held her palms upright and asked, “What am I to make of all this?” The question was not for anyone in particular, but the world listened to Rowena MacLeod. A rabbit scuttled out of the brush and nibbled at the grass near her feet. Rowena’s brows came together. It bothered her for the mere symbolism of it. Rabbits were a fertility sign. The creature hopped forward and began nibbling again. Its whiskers twitched a little. The white tuft of tail fur wiggled as it moved to another bit of grass.
“I did, all of it.” Cas looked at him now. There was a look of absolute sadness on his face. “I guess I did too good a job hiding you with all of that.” He pointed a little at Dean’s ribs, signifying the marks that he had set into Sam and Dean’s bones all those years ago.
Anna, thankfully interrupted. “Maybe just make sure he knows that this is platonic. Don’t lead him on if this is just bros hanging out or some shit.”
“Don’t be stupid.” Dean side-eyed him, then Cas continued, “Did she proposition you ever?”
Dean turned to Bobby, “You know about this?” He waved a hand behind him at Castiel. He wouldn't even turn to look at him. “You knew he didn't want me signing on with him?”
“Go to sleep Dean. I’ll walk in your dreams like I use to.” He brushed a hand over his hair, cupping his cheek at the end. Dean felt a glorious dizziness overtake him as he stared into the deep blue of Cas’ eyes. Cas laid down more fully at Dean’s side and draped his other arm over Dean’s waist. “Sleep.” Dean stifled a yawn, but did close his eyes in an attempt at compliance.
“Oh, you were expecting more?”
“Nah, gotta keep up my figure,” Castiel said with a wink. The waiter blushed and retreated.
“Well I'm glad for you both,” Sam said.
Dean took one last long swallow of coffee, and then said, “What, you don’t think this outfit works?” Dean did a funny little spin in his sweatpants.
“Not like he's eating.” Luc waved a hand at Dean who hadn't moved from the stool.
“Didn't realize you put so much stock in how people drink their coffee,” Dean said.
“I’ll look at them when I’m ready. Come back tomorrow.” Castiel raked his hand over the strings of the acoustic guitar. He wasn’t playing anything, just filling the room with the sound. He hoped it would be enough to send Crowley away. “You want me to get this album together, right?”
Castiel said, “Let's all go warm up in the studio. They've got food and drinks in there too.”
“What were the odds?”
She stepped up close to him and said, "I know his eyes were closed the whole time, and that it was your name he said when he came." She reached out to Cas then. "He loves you. Talk to him."
“Still Father Thomas, but I’m not as I was.” He winked and gave her a grin that showed long fangs in his mouth. “I’m going to enjoy ending you.”
On some level, of course Dean trusts Jack. Jack has a limitless empathy about him that he knows will only be used for good, but Dean can’t help but feel utterly helpless. Castiel is in the Empty
“I don’t want to date him, dad, I just think he would make a good friend,” he says defiantly, crossing his arms. Castiel chuckles under his breath.
Castiel, still half asleep, seems unfazed. “No dating, Jack. We’ve been over this,” he says matter-of-factly, and Jack groans.
Dean huffs out a laugh. “Something like that, yeah,” he mutters, because he’s not so sure that Chuck and Jack operate on even remotely similar wavelengths.
, really. All his visions of independence still tethered back to Dean in some fashion, and in every vision, in every excursion, he bookmarked it with coming back to Dean, to tell him stories, to show him artifacts. It’s too much.
“So, is that what you’re writing? Fanfiction?” Dean asks, trying to keep his tone as non-judgmental as possible. He’s heard from multiple people that his gravelly drawl can often come off as sarcastic and biting even when he doesn’t mean it to. Sam called it toxic masculinity, but Sam calls most things Dean does toxic masculinity.
“I’ve caught you drawing a few times, but I never said anything. You always seemed very focused,” Dean explains, and Cas gives his best playful glare.
, is only a few feet away from him.
Castiel and Dean have yet to talk about what was said before he was swallowed by the Empty. When Castiel came back, he was fragile and exhausted, and Dean immediately swooped in to help him recover, and they didn’t speak much. Castiel, for one, was far too tired to say much, and Dean was keeping himself busy with making sure he was okay. By the time Castiel was able to walk around on his own without slumping to the floor, the confession’s presence was less noticeable. Jack gave him something so marvelous, a life with the people he cared for the most, and Castiel is so afraid of destroying it, so he silences his want. Dean never brings it up, and so Castiel assumes he knows what Dean’s response to him might have been.
"Uh, you said something about breakfast?" Dean asked hopefully as he got back on his feet.
“Well, it was drilled into my head growing up that everything supernatural was evil.  But then I met you and I realized how wrong that was.  You taught me better than that.  So I may be… a little bit supernatural myself now, but I’m still me.  I’m still the same person.  I can learn how to deal with my new limitations.  Besides, my new wings come with a lot of perks too.  Maybe with your help, I can learn how to be an even better hunter than ever before.  So what d’ya say, Cas – can you teach me some more about these wing senses?”
“What, and miss the opportunity to play with one of my new toys?” the demon snarked.  “The Winchesters turned angels – now this is an opportunity for research beyond my wildest dreams!  I’ll start with the more advanced one, but don’t worry, you’ll get your turn soon princess.”  Dean blinked for a second before he got the implications of what the demon said.
"Angels have multiple faces.  Yours came out while you slept," Cas explained.
<Castiel.>
Dean chucked another rock as hard as he could, and felt the warding crack.  But it wasn’t a clean break – the crack through the paint line didn’t go all the way through.  The ward was weaker, but was it weak enough that Dean could make it through?
☆ ★ ☆
They weren't far out from Bobby's house, so they headed there. Along the way, Dean asked Sam a few questions about what had happened since he'd been gone. It was a shock to find out that only three months had passed by topside. Sam was reluctant to go into too many details about those months, and Dean didn't press too much since it was clear Sam was still in a lot of pain over everything that happened, but he explained the general gist of what happened. Ruby was presumed dead, Sam and Bobby were hunting down Lilith together, and iPod jacks had ABSOLUTELY NO BUSINESS EVER BEING IN BABY.
“Must you insist on trying to talk?  I’m healing your more vital organs first – I’ll get to your vocal cords in due time!” Cas replied with a sigh.  “You essentially tried to move all of your being onto the physical plane.  Since the wards are only effective against the parts of you on the seraphic plane, you weakened the effects of the wards on you.  A full-angel would have died before they would have been able to reach the ward, but you were human enough to barely make it.  However, you would have died without an angel to rebalance your being and heal your injuries.”
"Did you not wish to talk privately?" Cas asked, seemingly puzzled by why Dean might object by being spontaneously flown to the middle of nowhere. But Dean recovered from the surprise quickly.
“Wait – when we fly, don’t you pull us onto the seraphic plane?” Sam asked.
“You warded against him too,” Dean replied.
Dean was startled out of his meditative state when his stomach grumbled loudly.
<Make out…> Dean started to sign, but then Dean's breath hitched as Cas stepped into his personal space and gently took Dean's hands.  Cas KNEW that he shouldn't be doing this.  He could sense the way Dean's heart was hammering from their close proximity.  Cas was still very confused by just how close Dean considered to be “personal space” since Dean didn't appear to be consistent in what he considered to be uncomfortable.  One day Dean would complain about Cas invading his “personal space,” and the next Dean would initiate getting even closer than they had been the day before.  It was all very baffling.  However, Cas was quite certain that he was too close to Dean right now.  But regardless of Dean's reaction to their closeness, Cas was determined to get the lesson across.  He couldn't stand the idea of Dean, even unintentionally, asking Eileen to make out.
“The silver sheaths are starting to break away.  Your new feathers are very lovely,” Cas told him softly.  Now THAT was such good news that Dean was willing to skip the whole ‘you don’t call guys ‘lovely’’ lecture.  He practically bounded out of bed to the mirror, a wide grin taking over his face as he caught a glimpse of his wings.
"Don't worry Juanita – I brought help and we're going to get you out of there!" Shayna assured her.
<I already made coffee this morning.  I’ll pour you a cup> Cas offered. hoping that Dean would pick up on his use of the correct sign as a subtle way to correct his mistake.  But to his surprise, Dean's smile fell.
Dude, I think the four of us could split one pie.  I’ll ask Eileen if she has any favorite flavors.
“If you weren’t so insecure about your masculinity you’d get that chapstick is a practical thing for anyone irregardless of gender,” Sam scowled.
“It does seem a bit cruel, considering Dean’s extreme obsession with pie,” Cas commented with a frown.
Dean fell onto his knees, his legs unable to support him anymore.  But he was almost there, so he crawled the last part.  With the last of his energy, Dean used a rock to smash the rest of the way through the ward.
“So get this,” Sam announced after geeking out all afternoon on research.  “I think the demons in that cave were experimenting on angel feathers.  It looks like they’ve been trying to figure out angel weaknesses for hundreds of years.  Apparently they tried to infiltrate a group of Prague psychics that were studying angels hundreds of years ago.  While they weren’t successful at getting inside the psychic order, since the psychics caught on to them pretty quickly, they did get away with a little information that was inside the head of the one new initiate that they possessed.  The demons have been trying to build on that ever since.”
"Let me take a look at the lock – I haven't come across a lock yet that I couldn't pick," Dean offered.
“No, I am still in my vessel – I have just brought my vessel with us onto this plane of existence,” Cas replied patiently with a small smile.  “I’m glad that I can now show you this.  You are the first human to see the seraphic plane.”
“Yes Dean.  Your angel side has a constant connection to the seraphic plane, just as your vessel has a constant connection to the physical world.  With time I can teach you to travel freely between them,” Cas explained.  Dean twitched slightly at his body being called a vessel but let it slide.  He was far more distracted by how much his wings really wanted to start flapping.  Trying to hold them still and folded against his back seemed to be going against his angelic instincts.  Ever since he got here the desire to move had been building up.
"Yeah, something like that.  Let's keep going.  It's not much further to the top," Dean replied.  Sam reluctantly let go of Dean and carefully pulled himself back onto the beanstalk.
"While you boys are gone, I'll keep looking for a lead on Lilith," Bobby offered.
“Turning your shirts inside out does not mean you get to wear them two days in a row,” Sam insisted.  “Now come on, these are practical . . .”
“Yeah, I hear you ‘training’.  These walls aren’t that thick,” Sam retorted with an eye roll as he showed Dean the new package of ear plugs he’d just bought.
“Like making them insubstantial?” Dean asked.
The fact that the locator spell worked was apparently further proof that Balthazar was still alive, since apparently it only worked by locating the grace of a living angel.  Unfortunately, the locator spell wasn’t particularly precise – it gave them a 20 mile radius to search in southwest South Dakota.  They took a few extra minutes to try summoning Balthazar, just in case he had escaped the demons but was hiding out somewhere in the badlands.  No such luck – summoning spells couldn’t work on angels trapped in warded locations.  Time for a rescue mission.
“Awesome,” Dean muttered.  Just what they needed.
"Doesn't matter so long as we can keep Dean out of Hell long enough to screw over their plans for good," Gabriel replied.
The lights flickered.
"Dean...," Sam began, the look on his face expressing more than words ever could.  But Dean wasn't going to let this turn into more of a chick flick moment than it already was.
Cas moaned.  The taste of Dean was even better than he could ever have imagined.  Sparkles of pleasure were dancing everywhere that Dean was touching - his lips, his tongue, everywhere inside his mouth, and even his hair (where Dean’s fingers had started petting and caressing).  The sensations were overwhelming, but Cas tried to copy Dean’s technique so he could give back as good as he was getting.  Dean seemed to enjoy whatever he was doing if the delightful little noises he was making was any indication.
Then Cas suddenly stopped in his tracks.  The angel frowned and squinted his eyes with a concerned head tilt like he was paying attention to something only he was aware of.  Dean held his breath as he waited for Cas to fill him in, dreading whatever kind of bad news it was.
"So how come there haven't been any other reports of giants or huge beanstalks reaching up into the clouds?" Sam asked.
"What'd they do to Dean?  Has he been drugged?" Sam asked.  Cas knelt down next to Dean and started sniffing him.  Normally Dean would make some kind of crack at this point, but the words wouldn't come.  Now that the adrenaline was fading away, it was getting even harder to stay awake.
Dean responded by pulling Cas into a deep and very tender kiss.  Dean tried to lick all of his reassurances into Cas’ mouth.  With every caress of his tongue he tried to pour out his heart to Cas and bring Cas back to the here and now.  I’m here.  I’m alive.  I’m not going anywhere.  I need you too, Cas.  I need you.  And I’m all yours.  Dean put everything he had into that kiss.  Cas was a bit slower than usual to get with the program, but soon the reassuring licks started coming right back to Dean.  I’m here for you.  I will always be here for you.  I will never leave you.  I love you so much, Dean.
☆ ★ ☆ SUPERNATURAL ☆ ★ ☆
"You seem to be in perfect physical health," Cas reported. (Did he just use angel mojo to scope Dean out?)
An hour later, Dean still hadn’t been able to consciously feel Cas touch the energy around his wing.  The only touches that Dean got were when he successfully batted Cas’ hand with his wing.  But whenever Dean tried too hard or overthought things, he missed by a mile.  It went much better when he just reacted purely by instinct and didn’t really think about it at all.  Dean wasn’t sure if Cas’ continued teasing was helping him or hurting him.  Sometimes having too strong of a desire to catch Cas could trip him up too.  He could’ve sworn that Cas also started moving his hand faster after a while.
“I can’t ask you to change your species for me,” Cas replied.
Rather than wait many more generations for the next set of perfect vessels to be born, the easiest solution would be to send Dean back to Hell – and make sure he stayed long enough to break this time. But Zachariah would have to be sneaky about getting Dean back to Hell. If any of the lower ranks caught wind of the real master plan, he might have a mutiny on his hands. No, instead he'd have to outsource the task of murdering Dean to someone who wouldn't be traced back to him....
“Wait – did you get all that just from watching my wings right now?” Dean asked.
"Yeah I figured that much. Who are you?" Dean yelled.
Yep, those were definitely muffled moans that Dean was hearing.  Dean smirked as he continued covering Cas’ neck with little kisses and nuzzles.  Cas was completely lost now, all thoughts of the training session completely forgotten about.  But Dean didn’t just want the muffled version of this, so he freed up one of his hands to pull out the earplugs.  Sure enough, Cas was moaning up a storm, and Dean ate it right up.
"Sammy!  Are you okay?" Dean asked, rushing to Sam's side. Sam starred at him with a mixture of disbelief, skepticism, hope, and longing.
☆ ★ ☆
“But what about the angels that are trying to kill Dean?” Sam asked.
Unless Dean had been intentionally been using inappropriate words when chatting with Cas.
"Dean," Cas said simply, giving Dean a look that made Dean hang his head.
Dean hadn’t realized just how many feathers he had until he started losing so many of them.  His jaw dropped when he realized that Sam and Cas had been collecting his feathers into a surprisingly large pile.
“After two weeks of being stuck in this bunker, anyplace with fresh air sounds good.  Besides, Cas loves that nature stuff.  We could pack a lunch, and . . .” Dean replied enthusiastically.
“I know what I did!” Cas snapped, cutting Dean off.  “I watched . . . I felt him die by my own hand.  It’s one of the biggest regrets of my life.  But somehow, I don’t know how – Balthazar is alive again.”
“Yes.  As your subconscious becomes more integrated with your wings, they become more expressive.  They show your emotions very clearly.  I’m sorry you are not comfortable with this, but this is natural with all angels’ wings.  No, I don’t think you can learn to mask this . . . ,” Cas explained.
“Think of your wings as a sensory organ,” Cas instructed.  “With time and practice you’ll learn to gather more information about your environment with your wings than with your eyes or ears.”
“You got caught,” Balthazar rubbed in.  “And what’s worse, you’ve . . . become something on which they will love to experiment.”  Balthazar didn’t bother to hide his disgust, and Dean had a sinking feeling that it wasn’t just the demons that Balthazar was disgusted with.  Dean narrowed his eyes at Balthazar as he assessed him.  Balthazar’s feathers were a complete mess, like he hadn’t bothered to groom them for a long time.  He was missing a lot of feathers too, and Dean couldn’t help cringing at the sight.
“How do we break the wards?” Garth asked.
“Alright – so how do we do this?  More wing-touching?” Dean asked hopefully.
☆ ★ ☆
"Hold up – how is you ridin' around in someone's meat suit any different from what demons do?" Bobby cut in. It was a fair point, but Dean still glared at the tone Bobby was taking with Cas.
“Yes of course – most things that can hurt an angel can hurt demons too after all, and we had an arsenal,” the demon retorted like this was all painfully obvious.  But the demon seemed to be getting bored of this conversation, and went back to selecting a torture instrument to use on Sam.
“Dude!  We haven’t even started . . . ,” Dean began.
“Ignore him.  Cas – how can we get out of here?” Dean tried to distract Cas.
It was the kind of awe inspiring sight that moved most people to find religion.
"You kidnapped an innocent woman just to talk to us?" Dean growled.
“Angel senses, Sam – angel senses,” Dean reminded him.  Dean tried to go back to scoping out the cave remotely, but the bright light was too distracting.  His concentration had been broken.  Now all he could see was the tiny portion of the cave illuminated by Sam’s headlamp.  Dean felt his wings droop.
“Cas?  What’s wrong?” Sam asked, noticing Cas biting his lip and a little bit of sweat on Cas’ brow.  Angels usually didn’t sweat – only on special occasions like when Dean had taken Cas to the brothel.
"Cas?" Dean asked, feeling like his voice was echoing.
“Cas and I found a place covered in angel warding,” Dean told him.  “We need you to come down and check it out… and maybe you should recruit Garth or someone so you have some backup?”
“Does this mean that Dean’s wings have stopped growing?” Sam asked, and Dean’s stomach plummeted at the thought.  He didn’t want to be stuck with little wings – he wanted big warrior wings like Cas.
“Uh… I can’t fly,” Dean stuttered, feeling like an idiot.  Way to latch onto the least important part and avoid any of the other issues.
"He's... my older brother.  Gabriel," Cas replied, looking like he was seeing a ghost.
'Gone on angel business, will call when I can' Dean scrawled on a scrap of paper. Then Dean climbed out the window. Well, he tried to climb out the window anyway. The wings were being anything but cooperative. They were too big to fit through the window without trying to fold them up, but unlike his normal limbs the wings refused to do what he wanted them to do. Then when he tried to manhandle them into submission, the damn things started flapping everywhere. They banged into a lot of things (which fucking hurt!) and made a lot of noise.
"That was fast," Dean commented, surprised because he hadn't thought that he and Cas had been gone that long.  But at least getting back into hunting would help him find the sense of normal that his life so badly needed right now.
