“Not falling for that one, Sherlock,” answered Rosie. “We don’t know yet, you great big berk. We have a
It was five o’clock on a perfectly lovely summer day. The sky was cloud-dappled blue and a pleasant breeze cooled the air. Greg had gone into town for supplies and hadn’t yet returned, and John needed his help to maneuver some of the heavier boards from the now-dismantled garden shed into the walled garden through the little door. Sherlock had found the key, of course – rusty yet still functional – hanging from a nail above the spyglass in the tree house.
Still - Sherlock wasn’t an idiot. Far, far from one in fact. The dynamics at play between the two brothers were both complex and chaotic. They were either seriously mismatched - had they even had the same biological parents? - or a perfect yin and yang - a photograph and its negative.
God he must be bored! He’d become too accustomed to conflict these last years, he thought, to appreciate what a good thing he had here at Rosethorne.
The man stares at Sherlock. He doesn’t answer the question, though a smile flits briefly across his face. He finds comfort in Sherlock’s question, in the validation of his identity.
John laughed. He captured a rook and placed it on the table beside the board.
“Not that I’ve found,” John replied. “Look - why don’t we go back to the other garden while you puzzle it out.” He’d been walking along the wall just past the gate, studying the vines that had crept up and over the wall. He thought that perhaps he
He frowned, staring at the hand clenched in his lap.
John soured. “When they swarm,” he said.
Something that took the frustration out of John’s voice, that made him forget that this odd and ridiculous man had played with his mind for more than an hour, had manipulated him, had led him round the mulberry bush until he was so dizzy he nearly fell down.
When he was outside with Sherlock, in the early days before Lestrade brought them into the garden, when Sherlock still walked reluctant laps around the other garden with the fountain in the middle, Billy Wiggins was charged with fetching John should an emergency arise. It had happened only once, and Billy had taken Sherlock back inside, seemingly happy to have his old charge back again.
Part 3 of 3 - Enjoy!
One more chapter, and possibly an epilogue, so I hope you can sit tight. As this chapter ends on a cliffie, I've given you a few sentences from the next chapter, which I'm trying to complete in November. I hate having strung this one out so long, but life got busy - impending (
He spun around just in time to catch him as he crumpled.
Now that Rosie and Al are raising a family, Sherlock is having a very very hard time waiting to learn if his grandson is a wiz-fit or a Muppel.
It was nothing like he’d ever experienced. Foreign, like the desert sand and merciless sun, but familiar, like the warmth of the soil beneath his fingers as he sat in the garden, watching Sherlock watch the bees. He strove to breathe as Sherlock took him in even more, holding him at the root with one hand as the other grazed back then cupped his heavy sac as he knotted his right hand in Sherlock’s curls and fervently wished he could see Sherlock’s face. Wished he could see himself sliding into Sherlock’s mouth, through the circlet of his fist, Sherlock’s head buried between his legs.
“Fire-resistant armoured dragonhide trainers,” Snape hissed. “I hardly think so.”
“You might need it – you might happen upon a locked gate in your wanderings.”
Sherlock gets a bit lost on the way down from the plane, the love triangle is busted, and the fire brigade is called.
“But it’s more than that. There’s something more there – in my brain – something that wants to take shape, to take form, but I’ve been fighting it back -
“It isn’t always.” Sherlock seemed to think it best to back pedal. “Sometimes I sleep for hours after an attack because I can’t concentrate enough to even read or take notes, and I never have a puzzle waiting to solve to occupy me.”
A memory that had faded to the back of his mind over the years, over the war, and was, as he touched the keys with his right hand, brought suddenly back to life.
It took a bit longer than anticipated, but eventually they were in the plane and taxiing out to the end of the runway to hold position just as the second plane for Al and the remainder of the wedding party landed.
“I’ll reserve the guest seats, shall I?” Mycroft asked, tuning out his brother’s excuses. “I assume it will just be you and Rosie, then,” he said. “William is far too young for a formal affair such as this.”
tell them? They seem to think I should know your private business.”
His voice trailed off as Lestrade pulled away, straightening up and stepping back. He stared through the gate, toward where John knew the fantastical maze was hidden, then back at Sherlock.
The toe in question was bandaged.
“He was a very bad pilot,” Sherlock commented.
, Apparated them both out of 221B.
“Why are you here?” he asked. Then, realising how that question likely sounded to her, added. “No – wait. What I mean is – why are you working here and not in London? Or with the army?”
He nearly ran into her as her step faltered, but she quickly resumed her pace, though she took a moment to respond.
Molly shook her head. “I haven’t asked him,” she said. “I – well, I didn’t want to go there, yet. I thought it might be another impossible dream now.”
Rosethorne was a large place, and it was occupied, presently, by a very small number of people.
“Right,” he said, chasing away thoughts of bombed buildings crashing down and crushing his dreams – of a normal, ordinary life with Mary, of something secret yet extraordinary with Sherlock. “I’ve certainly got enough materials.”
John forced his tired brain to think. “How about this? Kidnapping is more dramatic than a person running off on her own accord. It would certainly get everyone stirred up around here – and it would involve the authorities, deflect attention for a while from the real situation.”
“He’s not smarter than you,” John said.
“You can do both once you’re a grown-up again,” John said, though he thought it quite unlikely that the Mycroft he knew would stick around for a pick-up game of family-style Quidditch, much less agree to finish his plate which was currently loaded with four roasted chicken legs and a pile of green smashed potatoes. Molly had mixed the smashed peas with the smashed potatoes for the children as she claimed they actually ate their vegetables that way.
Sherlock moved around the bush, blocking Molly’s immediate view. John stepped to follow him, and Sherlock tugged him closer by the wrist.
John pulled back immediately, surprised, and glanced over at the lock. It was a large brass padlock with a long shank, which had, inexplicably, popped open.
“Your brother wants you to take up where you left off, I gather,” John said. “Is this what you want too?”
“Oh, I intend to, Dr. Watson. And might I suggest you do the same? Sleep improves one’s outlook on life. In your case, it may do something about the steam escaping your ears.”
“I suppose you’ll have to lend me cab fare then,” John says as Sherlock flips on the light and excuses himself.
But it was a start, and was enough for now. The bees continued to be the star of the show for Sherlock, the primary attraction. He brought a journal outside with him now, and lay on the ground with pencil held loosely, oft forgotten, as he observed the insects’ comings and goings. And when he seemed to remember the writing implement in his hand, he used it more often to doodle than to take notes, sketching the bees, sometimes observing them on the nearby flowers while sitting cross-legged in the beds like a school girl.
“We’ll eat here – we can’t invite him for dinner at his own flat. What about those children?” He looked around the flat, mentally cringing at the thought of three children in Sherlock Holmes’ home. It had been bad enough keeping Rosie relatively unscathed during her first decade of life.
“Into the ocean – right here beyond our own garden. So you’d wash back up on the shore and I could sit with you while the sun sets.”
Sherlock had frozen up as the tape measure zoomed up his leg on the inside of his trousers to measure his inseam. He stood perfectly still, only his facial expression changing as the tape wrapped around his upper thigh.
“I’d better,” John returned, eyes shining. “Considering I have the terminal diagnosis and you don’t.”
But then again, he’d essentially been invited to ask questions.
Waited. Waited until the time was right and there was no more waiting. Waited until John walked into his arms without hesitation, to Sherlock’s immense and forever surprise, and waltzed with them about the familiar room with only the space of a breath and a child between them.
“You’ve lost your indexing system.” Molly looked serious and thoughtful. It was a good look on her, John thought, feeling all the more strongly that she was the kind of woman Sherlock would find attractive.
“My grandmother taught me to play,” John murmured, thinking aloud as the years melted away, leaving him snuggled up beside his grandmother on the polished piano bench. “She was so proud of her piano – it was the most precious thing she owned. I was always fascinated by it – I remember sitting on her lap when I was only three or four, plunking down my fingers where she pointed.”
“What are you doing, then?” he asks as he looks on the peaceful-for-now tableau. He doesn’t see that they form an odd little triangle, all three of them connected with Sherlock running a finger down Will’s perfect little foot while Will clutches John’s finger and John rests his free hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
I really am going to have to write something serious after this one!  One more chapter after this to tie it all up.
“Silk – no wait – brief’s. Men’s brief’s. Cotton.”
John watched as Sherlock slowly walked around the maze, taking in a winged dragon and a human-sized caterpillar standing upright, a lazy sea monster and a fanciful plumed penguin. He studied each new creature in turn, how each form morphed cleanly into the next, while Lestrade watched cautiously from the second gate. Finally, Sherlock turned to Lestrade. He kept his quiet, contemplative air, but his eyes were bright.
John glanced at Sherlock, who shrugged, looking quite as perplexed as John did.
“Forgot to be worried, didn’t you?” the instructor said as they all stood on the ground waiting for Sherlock. John, like Molly and Arthur, had not quite landed on his feet, but was upright and laughing with the others as the giant bird glided to a gentle landing in a field adjacent to the airstrip – a field filled with goats, most of which immediately accosted Sherlock and began nibbling at the parachute.
“And while Miss Adler rejected your amorous advances, she ultimately accepted those of a much older and clearly infirm man, which, naturally, infuriated you. You went to her room after the household had gone to bed, drugged her and removed her to a secret location – your predilection for wandering about the estate and poking your head over hedges and through fences is not exactly a secret.”
John started over, swallowing his irritation. “My
“Like this, then?” he asked.
Sherlock had the audacity to smile.
They still don’t talk about it.
a Wizard, you can just
“My brother?” Sherlock asked, speaking slowly and rolling his head around limply to face Lestrade. “You mean Mycroft? When he brought you here?”
for a son,” John answered. “He’s obviously been away at school.”
“Stop killing my bees, John,” Sherlock said, not looking up from his sketch.
“Not all over,” Sherlock replied. His own eyes were closed again. “But I have then where it matters.”
John hadn’t remembered. He’d been fine last night. Jovial. Normal.
“I am not romantically interested in Irene Adler!” John hissed, tired of this game, and frankly, just plain tired. “Nor is your brother. I don’t believe him to be interested in
. And no – the occasional odd vocabulary Al used was just a curiosity, not a matter of national security worthy of Mycroft’s investigation. So he called a dog a crup. It was probably an odd Scottish breed.  And it was smuggle, not muggle – Sherlock really should get his hearing checked.
“I did not,” hissed Sherlock.
“What happened then? On the roof?”
“Of course I have it,” John replies, holding out a hand as the sweet and melancholic lullaby from another day rises around them.
John acknowledged the statement with a shrug. “It seems you’ve done a fair job of keeping yourself alive these last months.”
He considered her words – all of them – as he continued on his way, and waited outside Mycroft Holmes’ door. Don’t let him break you. Remember why you’re here.
“We’re happy to be here too,” John said, taking in the sudden appearance in the yard beside the house of a small crowd of people, all of them watching them intently as they approached.
“Ah – right. Of course.” John dug for the file in question and opened it on the desk. He’d reviewed all of the files that morning after his brisk, wake-up shower. Brewton had suffered second degree burns over his back and buttocks and several badly fractured bones in his hand – but the injuries occurred nearly three months previous. The man was young and otherwise healthy - his broken bones should certainly have been on the mend, and his skin returned to normal. There was nothing in the file, in fact, to explain why he was at Rosethorne when he could be returned to his unit. “I’ve read his file. As there seems to be absolutely nothing there to explain his continued stay here, I’m guessing he’s someone’s son.”
,” Sherlock retorted as the stepped outside into the garden to find it nearly empty of people.
He spoke casually – not judgmentally.
A locked door opposite the narrow stairway opened to another equally narrow stairway leading down. It was poorly lit, and John, who always struggled going down stairs with his bad leg, gripped the railing with a frown. The door at the bottom of the stairs was bolted as well, and Mrs. Hudson unlocked it with a shiny new key, opened it, and led the way into a large room used for storage. A half dozen dim bulbs illuminated the room. Old furniture lined the walls and spilled out into the center, while shelving held household items that had been retired but not discarded.
“Dr. Watson, as you requested,” she said briskly, stepping aside so that John could enter the room.
“There you go. Get today’s. Settle this matter once and for all,” John said. “Before you know it the year will be over and Mrs. Hudson will be home. Then you can get back to worrying about her breaking a hip.”
“Oooh.” Sherlock appeared to be fascinated by the infant’s first sneeze but his fascination seemed to turn to disappointment when the child drifted back to sleep.
“Go to sleep, Sherlock,” John said.
He stood and carefully closed the fallboard, then made his way to the door.
“This is all for show. There’s really no need to spin around in circles when there’s plenty of space for a traditional stairway.”
They stared at each other for a long moment, and Sherlock was the first to look away. He dropped his head back and closed his eyes.
He didn’t kiss him - not just yet. They stood, breathing hard, while John voiced the words, the warning, he needed to say. “We shouldn’t do this. It won’t end well. It never has.”
“I’ve left my coat and wallet behind.”
“John! Could you bring my robes back down? I’m going to test my wiz-stick pocket with my flaming baton.”
Mrs. Hudson introduced John all around, and he was greeted politely, if not universally warmly – the nurse – who must be Molly Hooper – regarded him, he thought, with some suspicion and distrust. But conversation around him soon picked back up, and he helped himself to eggs and sausage and accepted the basket of toast from the woman seated beside him with a friendly smile. He listened more than he spoke, both that morning and all the mornings thereafter– the quiet chatter told of a staff comfortable with each other, perhaps even more so than usual with the master of the house away. At the other end of the table, someone was going on about one of the patients – the old boy couldn’t keep his hands to himself, apparently, and Annie, who was tasked with delivering meals to the infirmary, was tired of having her bum pinched.
When no one spoke, he gestured impatiently.
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock did sound contrite, but still, John was suspicious.
This not-really-an-invalid who happened to suffer from the very condition that had so tormented his late wife.
As he resumed the exercises, forging forward uncomfortably, Molly stood, squeezed him on his injured shoulder, and walked out of the room, closing the door gently behind her.
Three
John grinned as he wiggled experimentally on the bench, much as Sherlock had when he’d first sat down. It swayed a few inches in each direction, side to side, and John shook his head. “I suppose you’re not going to let me claim a crippled hand as excuse.”
“Touché, Dr. Watson. Touché.”
They reached the end of the tunnel at last, a narrow stairway that led to a small landing. John went up slowly, good leg up then bad following, behind Sherlock and by the time he reached the top Sherlock had tripped the mechanism to open the door.
Molly laughed. “A year. I was a horrible dancer – I’m clumsy and graceless. I’d have been better at driving a lorry.”
“He didn’t say, but yes. Won’t have one for long if he keeps wearing that atrocious jumper, though.”
"They're settling him in now, John. His injuries were not life-threatening." He held up a hand as John jerked, standing up straighter. "I wanted to tell you first. What - what a good man he is. What a good man you've found. You - " He struggled with the words, staring at his hands splayed on the table. "You deserve each other - and Rosethorne."
“I’m going to drop in on Harry,” he announced after John, bored with every single one of the 145 channels available on their television, changed the channel for the third time in five minutes.
“A new game, then,” he said. “But let’s up the stakes a bit, shall we? A question for each piece captured. Any question, and we’re to answer honestly, and completely.” He adjusted a white knight so that it faced squarely forward, then looked at John, expression deceptively casual, raising an eyebrow in query.
The very idea of it was untenable.
When it was Sherlock’s turn to ask, he returned to the very subject he’d tried, in the past, to broach.
“I’ll ask when I see him,” John said. “Wait – he did tell you he has children, right? You didn’t deduce that by stealing his wallet and going through his photos or studying the wear pattern on his trousers?”
ooOOOoo
dealt with Mycroft?
“I don’t think even Mrs. Hudson is up and about yet,” he said.
“I don’t suppose you’d like to see a giant Squid?” he asked when Mycroft took a short rest for another gulp of air.
“Goodnight, then,” he said.
not to conjure tea,” John said, keeping his voice level and eerily calm. “I enjoy the process of making tea myself.” He walked around the table and stood behind Mycroft’s chair, pulling it out. “Hop down. We’re going to go out.”
Her eyes opened wider. He’d surprised her.
Sherlock stared at John, slowly blinked, then stared at him again, perhaps surprised that it was still John standing there and not some alien life form or dream phantom.
“He isn’t as clever as you might think,” Sherlock replied. “And I believe he has a certain fondness for Miss Adler – he’ll quite likely feel threatened by your own romantic feelings and….”
“My move?” asked Sherlock that first day, the day John let out the breath he’d been holding for half his life. He’d proceeded to win the game in seven moves, then set the board up again and addressed John softly as he carefully lined up pawns and pieces precisely in the center of each square.
John glanced around until he spotted Sherlock, who was attached to a bright pink parachute that resembled a brolly. As he watched, the chute pulled in on itself and Sherlock fell into a second free-fall that appeared to go on a very long time.
John leaned forward, trying to get a better look at his ankle which he knew must be the size of a cantaloupe. Though it was throbbing painfully, he was starting to second guess his original diagnosis.
“Ebolagators?” John didn’t try to hide his smile. “Yeah, we don’t want that.”
Sherlock shrugged, uncaring. “Your turn.”
“This wasn’t my idea,” Sherlock began, shifting uncomfortably. “I didn’t know they were pretending I was dead until nearly two months after the bombing.” He ran a hand through his curls, clearly frustrated. “I didn’t know
“I hate these goggles.” Lily frowned inside her protective eyewear.
Sherlock dropped a hand on John’s and squeezed it. “Taking that damn thing apart was the most physical labour I’ve done in my life.”
“Ah.” Sherlock seemed to be giving the matter some serious thought. “I suppose that instance did acquaint you with some of my tactics, especially when it comes to subterfuge and disguise.” He continued, unruffled. “And with my person, for that matter, as I recall I did have to pin you down to assure your cooperation.”
“And you don’t suppose she could have a peek….?”
Five months, another week, two.
Not yet.
A document was passed across to John in a sealed manila envelope. Sherlock watched its progress from Sholto’s fingers to John’s, frowning. John saw him look up at his brother, and caught Mycroft’s quick head shake.
“He’s dead, John. He doesn’t exactly
“Ah – right. Bees.” He watched a moment, more interested in Sherlock’s reaction than in the hive itself. His instinct was to grab Sherlock by his feet and drag him back and away from the bees. He had no idea if he was allergic, or what an attack could trigger in a system as compromised as Sherlock’s was.
“Ah - John. That was hardly our
John frowned. His mind leapt immediately to what he knew about Sherlock – what he’d experienced himself. The violin. Music. And what was music, at the heart of it, if not codes and patterns?
“Honestly, John – I Just….”
“Right. I’ve only ever known of the one,” Albus added. “But that’s a story for another day.”
Holmes, however, stuck to his story.
“You’d best get back,” she said, laying a hand casually on Sherlock’s hip. “There’s been a bit of a stir – it seems they’ve lost the General.”
“Of course you were afraid. You were seven years old. If you weren’t afraid, you’d have scaled that wall on your own and explored it for yourself.”
“Let’s give it a try, John. If it doesn’t work, we’ll think of something else. I – I have an idea you’d prefer to give them more time to decide on their own that life is worth living, even the lives they’re facing in the years ahead with their injuries.”
They finished together and Christ, but it was the
He had the presence of mind to wake Billy before he rushed back to the infirmary, and when he glanced back at Sherlock as Billy stumbled into the room, Irene Adler was leaning over him, brushing the tangled curls out of his eyes.
seventeen?”
, but he couldn’t make himself stay any longer. Sherlock certainly seemed to have the matter of Greg Lestrade well in hand, whatever that matter was. He could deal with the fall-out of Lestrade knowing, and the very real possibility that Mycroft would soon find out. Of course, since it was John’s idea to take Sherlock outside, responsibility ultimately would fall on his shoulders.
“Dad! Da! You made it – I knew Dad would get you here, Da. Look at you – all confused by the silly charms! What is it about that great big brain of yours that gets so confounded by magic?”
“How did you know?” John asked. “How could you possibly have known that?”
“It’s already a bit of a childhood wonderland, wouldn’t you say?” Sherlock asked.
“Greg did most of that,” John reminded him. “You just complained about the nails and poked at the dry rot.”
“It must be shafted - or be open on the other end,” John said as he shone the beam on the floor just past the wardrobe, illuminating an old-fashioned oil lamp on the floor against the wall. “The air is moving - it’s not as stale as you’d think it might be.”
“Almost no technology at all!” exclaimed Sherlock. He either hadn’t heard John, or deliberately ignored his question. “No television, mobile phone, computer, tablet – nothing. There’s an ancient landline telephone and a radio that must have been around during the war.” Sherlock was speaking at an ever-increasing tempo and John didn’t bother trying to keep up. “Photos of the children on the mantel – two gingers and one that looks quite a bit like him. Wife was also a ginger – slim, athletic, quite pretty if you go in for such things.”
ooOOOOoo
The very same Sherlock who’d abandoned him in 221B with a de-aged Mycroft Holmes.
He’d left everyone else behind, long ago. He’d left his previous life behind when he’d lost Mary, when he’d slipped over the edge of anger, when he’d joined up and marched himself into discipline, and order, and predictability. It was a penance, self-imposed, as harsh as he could make it, and he’d paid a high price to end up here at Rosethorne.
.” She looked over at Severus. “Sev, don’t you know any Muggle-safe calming spells?”
John smiled. “Yes – that and about a dozen other reasons.” He brushed the back of his hand on Sherlock’s cheek. “You need something else for the pain?”
In the later days, in the garden, when the sun shone and life began to curl up again beneath his feet, worming its way into his consciousness, into his pain-dulled heart, no one intruded in their magical garden outside of time. If an emergency arose, Mrs. Hudson rang a bell. It was intrusive enough, but it didn’t pierce the secrecy of their sanctuary.
A cupboard too large for the available space was built into the rear wall, and when John opened one of the doors, he found that it was more a wardrobe than a cupboard. There were shelves on each side, but the center space was designed for hanging clothing, though it, like the medicine cupboard, was empty. It would be a good place to store extra bedding - for the bed John was going to insist Mycroft provide for the workroom so that Sherlock could rest if overtired, or lie down to recover from an ill-timed seizure.
“Sheet music,” John repeated. He glanced at Molly but she looked away.
“Owl droppings, John. Full of fur and bones. They’re called pellets.”
John, Sherlock and Rosie exchanged a glance.
“Or Mycroft,” suggested John, recognizing Sherlock’s ploy and upping the ante.
want you to. What was I going to say next?”
One lovely Sunday afternoon, after a bout with the flu and another struggle with regulating Sherlock’s thyroid medication, they wake from a nap and when Sherlock opens their bedroom door are presented with the sitting room of a cozy cottage. The sun is shining through large, clear windows that face the not-so-distant sea and there’s a fire burning in the hearth and two comfortable-looking chairs facing it.
Sherlock was not amused.
Sherlock stood for a long moment observing, neither moving nor speaking, until John looked over at him and sighed.
Sherlock perked up.
“I’m not going to hold his hand, you know. I don’t trust him.  He probably won’t even use his parachute.”
“And the cellars - are they complete or partial?”
“I’m hardly rotting away,” Sherlock countered. He kicked at a loose stone on the pathway, and it skittered along and bounced into a neglected flower bed. He stared after it, then turned back to John, sweeping his hand to indicate the gardens. “This, however,
“No, it isn’t, is it?” Sherlock mused. “Fascinating, though. I, of course set off to prove her wrong – that a single bee, a tiny insect, couldn’t possibly be responsible for the death of a grown adult.”
“Private security, most likely,” John said. “He – well, he didn’t exactly answer when you asked him, did he?”
“And I shall hear, tho' soft you tread above me,
The room closes in around him until all he sees above him is a dark and narrow tunnel, a well of horrors in a world devoid of air and rent with pain.
Sherlock remembers well the day John walked into his life. He remembers all the entrances and exits, his and John’s alike, but by the end of their first day together, he knew he needed more. They weren’t kindred souls – not precisely – but they were something and life after only one day together was already decidedly better with John than without him.
The sound of that whistling stayed with him that evening as he prepared for bed. It was soft, and low. Melancholic. It faded into the background of his thoughts, and wore a gentle rhythm in his mind. The book he tried to read held no interest, and he finally put it down and closed his tired eyes, and drifted off to sleep to the low lullaby of whistling on the wind.
Up to the point in which Sherlock jumps out of the plane for the last time.
He’d been preparing a flower bed around the maze, an ambitious undertaking, but as evidenced by the riotous maze, Lestrade didn’t do things by halves. The bed was four feet wide, encircling the perimeter, and he was edging it with paving stones stolen from a neglected walkway. Lestrade spoke to John, but while he now chose to speak words aloud, he didn’t waste them. John had walked about the garden half the first week, doing little more than brooding, while Lestrade toted stones. On the fourth day, Lestrade stepped in front of him as he limped past.
“Ah.” She seemed to consider something, but let it be. But she squeezed his hand before she wandered over to watch Lestrade at work, trimming the beard on a lion of epic proportions.
“Well, you managed to get his name at least.”
“And I’d very much like young William to attend as well. He’ll be far better-behaved without Sherlock there to distract him.”
John had teared up and wiped at his eyes with handerchief Molly had made him with “First Father of the Bride” embroidered on the edge. Sherlock put an arm around his shoulders – a public display of affection he seldom offered – and John leaned gratefully against him.
“And if you can train me, both to encode and decode using your system, then you can train the others and have Rosethorne as you requested.”
She looked at him in a way that let him know that she
Mycroft was going to murder him.
“Haven’t seen him,” Sherlock replied.  He seemed in quite a good mood for someone who’d gone down to visit the neighbor and returned an hour later with an armful of shopping bags including, apparently, the ingredients for a treacle tart.
“Don’t bother, you idiot.” John ran his hand through Sherlock’s wispy hair. “I went along with your cock and bull story, but no robber worth his salt would steal my jumpers.”
He did stop, though, when he was nearly past it, as he trod on the distinctive shadow it made on the walk. He glanced inside, and all was as it always was.
John glanced around as he took his seat, knowing that the absence of the officers who’d arrived earlier was not accidental and that his questioning would not follow the same script as Molly’s had.
“How did you know that I played?” he asked as he softly picked out one of his mother’s favorites.
Sherlock caught Ginny eye. She did not look amused. He sidled closer to Molly and Arthur Weasley. He doubted Ginny would try to ebolavate him when he was discussing electric automobiles and solar power cells with her father.
John dared a response, choosing his words carefully. “I can’t be the first one to tell you how important sleep is, Mr. Holmes. Especially for someone with – ”
- Mycroft was family. And John had been taught that family came first, even before country.
And without further comment, Sherlock gently released John’s hand, and stood. He grasped John on the shoulder and leaned forward, and flipped the sheet music back to the first page.
He smiled.
“Ottery St. Catchpole?” small Mycroft had voiced. “Do you expect me to believe that there is a Saint
“You do know it’s after three o’clock in the morning,” John said, taking the proffered seat with a covered yawn. “Do you ever sleep?”
Lily glanced at Lee, who reluctantly nodded his head. Sherlock and John were inside the Rosie bubble and discussion of magic was discouraged but not prohibited.
He had, in fact, become first Sherlock’s physician, then his friend, and finally his lover - all of it slowly, painfully slowly, and all of it with his eyes wide open. He’d had any number of opportunities to change course, and even though he’d resolved to do just that, he’d proven himself incapable of doing so - or, if he were honest with himself, unwilling to carry it through. He knew what he was getting into in every sense, knew how his choices would define him for the rest of his life. Perhaps that was why the game had gone on so long. Why they’d played mind games over chess moves, or played side by side on a piano bench during his weakest moments.
“It might have worked had we not found a perfectly good tree house, already in working order,” Sherlock admitted.
And in John’s way of seeing things, this thread was a line of travel as direct as possible.
John sighed. Sherlock was going to kill him for letting Mycroft touch his precious microscope. However, Sherlock wasn’t here, and had willingly abandoned the flat leaving John and Mycroft alone here.
chapter 10 now REPOSTED IN ITS ENTIRITY
She gave Sherlock a final, fond, look, then moved past John to the door. “I don’t want to miss my ride – Mycroft’s cars are so much more comfortable than the train.”
“He’s very hopeful – almost optimistic,” Mrs. Hudson continued as she climbed the stairs and he struggled to keep up. There might be no logical medical reason for the pain and weakness in his leg but he felt it as keenly as the bullet in his shoulder. “This time, he hand-picked you, didn’t he? Colonel Littleton was here himself just two weeks ago with the dossiers – I did the serving myself, though don’t you forget I’m not a servant here – and I hope I don’t offend you when I tell you that the colonel thought you might not be up to the job what with your injuries and limitations. But Mr. Holmes – Mr. Holmes, he thought otherwise.”
“And when you’re experimenting with decomposition,” John added.
“I’m not the one holding the top-secret files,” John said
Sherlock would hate them.
- outlasts me, but I cannot bear to hear those discordant notes a moment longer. Use your
“Go!” yelled Lee.
“He thinks he has us, Sherlock. He knows - and he’ll use that knowledge to get exactly what he wants.” He dropped his face in his hands and squeezed his eyes shut. He hated being beholden to anyone, and didn’t think he could survive being used like this by Mycroft Holmes.
It was wrong – all of it wrong. The sound of street traffic outside his window. The smell of rain. The dampness. The pain in his shoulder that ebbed into a dull and ever-present ache. The fucking limp that had no injury behind it, but that persisted despite his best efforts to not feel the pain that wasn’t there.
True to form, Sherlock was more interested in the mysterious Sev than in John’s injury, though he circled back several times to John believing the ankle was broken, not sprained, frowning and insisting on unwrapping it to check for himself. Satisfied that they wouldn’t need a trip to the A&E, he’d gone downstairs on the pretense of thanking Harry for looking after John but no one answered his knock and the key he’d kept that opened Mrs. Hudson’s front door refused to cooperate and unlock it now that she was out of the country. He came back upstairs and plopped down unhappily in his chair, then began to pepper John with questions about Harry’s boyfriend, most of which John couldn’t answer to his satisfaction.
Mrs. Hudson touched his arm. “Come, Dr. Watson. I’m sure you’d like to clean up a bit before dinner. It’s fish tonight.”
there. As if the voice was only in John’s head.
Sherlock circled the old maze with Lestrade beside him, hands constantly moving, admiring a bird with outstretched winds riding atop the head of a dolphin like a figurehead on a ship, then a mermaid sitting atop a monstrous sea-turtle. It was like watching clouds, John thought, the more he studied it. Shapes of greens instead of whites that morphed into new beings when you turned your head, when the wind blew.
He was in another world altogether, divorced from the crumbling, neglected reality of the gardens closer to the manor.  No – more than that. Much more.
these things, anyway?”
Love.
John rolled his eyes. “It’s not true and you’ve absolutely no proof. Molly will stand by me, and you yourself said you’d provide an alibi for tonight – one I really don’t need, mind you. Miss Adler is a distraction and frankly, I’m much more interested in you right now.”
for what Sherlock had suffered at the hands of those who’d kept him captive – wasn’t anything like that rage at all.
Except – well, except for the matter of Billy Wiggins.
And another.
“What are you so riled up about?” John asked, addressing the bird as it studied him from a low branch on the tree.
“If you could either have your mind palace back again, or be free of these seizures, which would you choose?”
“I’m told I was hand-picked as well,” John confided. He was growing more and more curious about this convalescent manor and its peculiar purpose. “Odd – considering my injuries.” He nodded at his left hand, which was resting on his thigh.
“I – no. My wife – Mary – she … she couldn’t have children. And that – that was fine. Good, I mean.”
He unfolded the letter, smoothing it out against his thigh with the palm of his left hand, glanced over at Sherlock, and read what Mycroft Holmes had written.
“All of them,” said Severus, eyes still on the game.  For someone who appeared to be paying them no mind at all, he was most definitely quite attuned to their conversation.
cause.
“Oh you two!” Rosie exclaimed. “It fits in perfectly with the theme. My friends are wearing Muggle dresses since I’m a Muggle but Al’s a wizard – so we’ve settled on wizarding robes for the men.”
“Mrs. Hudson – I have
It was an interesting and auspicious first meeting, one John would recall often in the weeks ahead as they settled into an unconventional work routine, one riddled with innuendo and, oddly, a good deal of sexual tension. Sometimes, they were a three-legged stool, balancing each other out with science, logic and medicine. And at other times, they were no better than teenagers, misreading each other’s emotions and intentions, falling into piques of jealousy on his part, and unbecoming pouting on Sherlock’s.
“I wanted breakfast and I had no idea where their cook sleeps, so I pretended to see a snake so I could scream to wake them up, and Sherlock opened the door completely starkers. Then John got out of bed to make me breakfast because Sherlock is completely useless, and at first I was worried he was going to trip over it, but he managed to get his pants on and then made me toast soldiers and a soft-boiled egg, even though I requested a full English.”
He knew, by the way she spoke, how she looked at him so intently, that she wasn’t referring only to Al.
Mrs. Hudson, under the influence of her Friday-night herbal soother, is more than happy to let him in, and doesn’t scold him at all. And no, she hasn’t heard John come in but she’s only been home herself for an hour. Sherlock makes as little noise as possible. He has no reason to drop his keys on the table since he’s left them behind, and he quietly drapes his coat on John’s empty chair and picks up his violin.
!” she said, shaking her head. “Oh – the look on your face!”
“You’re going to have to help me, Sherlock,” he said, hissing against the pain. He flexed his fingers, grimacing at the burn. “I can’t get the stingers out with my left hand.” He flexed his left hand reflexively along with the right. “Sherlock?”
But this -
“Not all Muppets are like them,” she assured him. “And when they’re in their own element, they’re really quite brilliant.”
John grinned. “Excellent. Severus will have a friend for life – maybe Sherlock will drop this ridiculous button thing.”
John had already seen, and certainly could have predicted it. Al had his own cutters now, scissor-like snippers for trimming newer growth. He was holding them awkwardly in his hand, and as they watched, Lestrade repositioned them, then set him to work on the tangled lion’s mane that Sherlock had sculpted not so very long ago.
She winked at him as she left, and he stared at the door, wondering what the hell had just happened.
“Of course I know.” Sherlock had steepled his hands again, and his index fingers rested against his lips as he regarded John with interest.
But even now, this far into his deployment at Rosethorne, he wasn’t one hundred percent certain where Mycroft’s own loyalties were. His relationship with his brother seemed strained, at best, though Sherlock had seemed truly alarmed and had not wasted any time in getting back to the manor when Lestrade came for them. While he hadn’t been overly panicked or emotional, he’d certainly been -
The other three in the room exchanged the kind of glance they exchanged when Sherlock said something that short-circuited their brains.
Sherlock, of course, was immune to that voice.
bed last night,
“Are removed from the others,” Holmes said neatly. “We’ve put you in the west wing – the staff sleep on the third floor of the east wing.” He paused. “Your psychiatrist has prescribed fresh air and long walks, Dr. Watson. You will find opportunities for both in abundance at the manor. Neither myself nor any of the residents or staff are here to be your minders – your recovery, so to speak, is completely up to you.”
John, who’d expected to find Sherlock in the throes of a seizure, stared at Sherlock, irritated, then dropped into a chair and glared some more.
They dismissed him after a bit more discussion of the logistics of the couriers and communications. He’d refused to budge on a more lenient schedule for Sherlock, knowing it would be nearly impossible to keep Sherlock from doing exactly what he wanted to do. If he became too engrossed in the project, he’d certainly overtax himself and ultimately lose more than he gained.
John Watson lowered himself gently onto the edge of the bed and kissed his daughter’s cheek.
Once.
“Go ahead. Say it.”
“Family?” Sherlock had come in with a rag and gave the table a few cursory wipes. “Significant other?”
John wiped away the tear that welled up in the corner of Sherlock’s eye. They remained like that, eyes locked, motionless, until John bent with difficulty and brushed his lips against Sherlock’s.
John sighed and closed his eyes. Forearms resting on the arms of what was arguably the most comfortable chair in all of England, head positioned just perfectly against the firm yet softly rounded chair back, he considered Sherlock’s statement.
“There’s a magical registry,” he said. “The names are written in a book when the magical child is born.  When it’s time to send out letters, they just check the – ”
Sherlock shook his head. He looked oddly troubled – pained. He pushed the wheelchair’s wheels with his hands and moved over to the benches, then abandoned the chair in favour of lying on a bench, knees drawn up and arms folded on his stomach.
Sherlock awoke at last from his morphine-induced haze while John was out of the room, very reluctantly and hurriedly completing his evening rounds. Molly and Lestrade sat together beside his bed, and it was Molly who held his hand, and offered him water, and leaned in to kiss his brow and tell him how much they had missed him, how happy there were to have him back.
“Shit, I was- I thought we had been flirting this whole time I- this was so stupid of me I mean, you’re Sherlock bloody Holmes.” He glanced up at Sherlock, who was staring daggers into his soul.
“I needed to come home. To think. Y’know, mind palace and all. Open up a page or two on John’s laptop about Walter Freeman and Moniz, see if the pattern in the homicide linked up with the creator and avid doer of lobotomies in the in 40s.”
lov writing a uni au where they're hardly in uni
“John.” Sherlock took another step forward, as he focused on John’s breathing. His pupils were dilated, the detective noted as well.
dont worry sherlock will be the anxious mess as well before he meets john's parents. :)
Sherlock leaned down, planting a kiss on John’s lips, before pulling back and trailing kisses down his neck, chest and stomach, hell. His hands were exploring, feeling every inch of John’s chest, arms, and abdomen.
cmon u think i wanna write them moping abt not seeing the other?
“It better, or my extremely clever answer ‘Lego set’ is totally ruined.”
“I’ll make it up when I get home, yeah?”
john *does* need to go to afghanistan after all :/
“Nono it-it’s fine, just maybe don’t focus on it too much?” John wishes it wasn’t there, that he wasn’t shirtless, and he was fully clothed with Sherlock on top of him, covering up 90 per cent of his body. Maybe he’d consider investing in a balaclava, or one of those togas he could use to hide every discernible feature on his body or he could-
Sherlock had no idea what possessed him to be so calm, because he felt his heart pounding in his ears as he took a step closer to the man in front of him.
“You startled me when you walked in without knocking,” John saw his reflection in the mirror above the mantle, and tried his best to flatten his bedhead “Tea, coffee?”
Another thing John did so well, he mentally told himself, was make a bloody good cup of coffee.
“Depends,” He muttered back in response, a faint frown on his forehead as he paused his typing to look in John’s direction.
“John dont you- Ah! Have to get ready for work?” Sherlock was bright red, rubbing his hands up and down John’s back, very much enjoying the feeling of John’s muscles, pleasure overriding his body. He wasn’t sure what to do as he lost control of handling his feelings, his body just kinda… reacting.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John, can I.. please…” Sherlock’s hands found them hovering over John’s groin, a very clear tent in his trousers. John tilted his head back, very flustered. His brain felt like it was full of fog, and he just couldn’t think about this rationally. He looked back at Sherlock, seeing his eyes heavy-lidded, and nodded; biting his lip.
i know i released a chapter less than 24 hours ago but im writing ahead and i just got to a /really/ good part. bit short, i know.
“Please, the killer was in such a state of shock that his plan didn’t work, he was most likely curled up in his bathtub, sobbing about being an abomination to mankind. Pathetic, really.”
There was never anything subtle about Sherlock Holmes, not only were his features sharp; but his tongue was too. Only when it mattered did he keep his mouth shut, a feeble attempt at being polite, really. And John knew this about Sherlock, the lack of filter is what brought them so close to begin with. Whether his astute observations were to impress him or just information he thought was common knowledge, it drew John in like a fish to a hook. He found himself getting rather lost in the detective’s eyes, mostly out of wonder. He held so many mysteries behind those, reeling John in. Some call it infatuation, a crush; John calls it a curse.
i do have a job, sadly, bc im a sad sad adult who needs money. so updates might be a little sparing, but i'll try my best to update as soon as possible. the second i write something my monkey brain goes "update" so yeah!
Sherlock couldn’t tell how long it had been since the kiss started. Seconds, minutes, or even hours, time had stood still. As he stared into John’s eyes, catching his breath, he mumbled one simple question in response.
“I’m bored, you’re bored, a change of scenery would be nice. We could find a nice B&B or a hotel and have a weekend away from horrible muggy London.”
“You threatened him with one of your swords, didn’t you?”
“Is Sherlock here?” Lestrade spoke, leaning against the kitchen counter next to where John was waiting.
“I dont… are we ready for this?” Sherlock blinked.
“I did not-” Sherlock felt John’s breath hitch slightly when their hands grazed one another.
“You look perplexed,” The taller gentleman mumbled to John, “It’s like every muscle on your face has its own story to tell at once.”
And his-
“John, can’t you get a better alarm tone that doesn’t make me want to shove a crochet needle up my nose and scoop my brains out?” Sherlock muttered, a very bothered expression on his face.
“But it will be- then you can show it to them, and be like ‘my amazing brain helped solve this impossible puzzle for my John Watson’.”
so the next chapter might be where i end it, all depends on the flow of it all! :)
“Stand up,” Sherlock murmured, pulling John’s trousers and pants down as he did so. “Is it okay if I-” He spoke, sinking to his knees, his partner’s eyes widening with excitement. He nodded eagerly, his cheeks flushed.
im working on a uni au one right now! feel free to pop on by in the future and give it a read.
ill partner needs you to keep him company in bed
“More like connecting thumb tacks with red string, to see what’s worth keeping eh?” He feigned a motion of tying string against something and dragging it across an imaginary cork board.
“Much better.” John mumbled against the taller man’s lips, wrapping his arms around his neck and pulling him closer for an open mouthed kiss. His partner found himself shucking his coat, feeling too stiff and uncomfortable whilst wearing it. He discarded on the floor, as John managed to pull his partner closer with one of his legs- nearly making him buckle at the knees as he squeezed his thigh around Sherlock’s.
like ok i know theyve known each other for a WEEK but like
"ohohohohohohohohoho" - my brain writing this chapter
“If you keep doing that, they’re going to fire you y’know.” John spoke, now at the dining room table, surrounded by test tubes. His eyes were glancing over today’s news.
(See the end of the chapter for
plus i cant sleep so ive been writing this instead :-)
kinda proud how i wrote sherlock in this one tbh
*slight smut warning*
(See the end of the chapter for
no promises, but i'll try.
“I didn’t get to tell you about the process being done on Trufflehunter, it’s quite interesting.” Sherlock murmured, completely ignoring what John just mentioned.
Sherlock held the styrofoam cups of tea in his hand, and John held onto the bag that contained their sandwiches (and a packet of crisps Sherlock threw in last minute while the lady rung them up).
“You aren’t going to stay?”
o-kay this is the one with the vulture culture-y stuff! (just a mention of roadkill n bones, nothing graphic!)
The second Sherlock and John made physical contact, a rush of electricity shot through him. It was euphoria, it was bliss, it was glee, it was John. He wanted nothing more than to spend his days reliving this memory again and again, as he felt John’s hands slide over his own again, grasping at the other man’s grip. He wanted to be closer, to feel closer. To explore every single inch of the doctor’s body. To catalogue every hair, every freckle, every scar. He wanted to know everything that John would let him.
“Christ mate, you startled me.”
” John swore steam was coming out of Lestrade’s ears as he spoke.
“Could I join you?” Sherlock was fidgeting.
“Sorry?”
The only sounds the two of them could hear was the wind whirling outside, kicking leaves around. Sherlock wasn’t even sure if he was breathing or not.
“I was thinking,” Sherlock opened his mouth to come up with some witty response, but promptly shut it as John gave him a warning glare, “We should go to the beach.”
if it isn’t hard for me to just keep my bloody hands off of you.”
Kissing wasn’t something Sherlock seemed to get the appeal of. One organ bashing against another to exchange saliva felt weird to him. He had tried it with others, (men, women and undisclosed) and thought it wasn’t for him. It turns out, however, he was simply kissing the wrong people.
“You’ve been in your palace all day,” John spoke after a while of silence, sitting comfortably in his chair, “Busy one?”
“How’s work been?” Sherlock asked, completely ignoring the question.
this is the end of my bulked up writing (i had to get my invite to make an account and my writing got out of control)
John entangled his fingers in Sherlock’s curls as he placed kisses down the doctor’s neck, picking up the pace with his hand.
Sherlock decided that wink was worth remembering too.
He began to ponder as he went fishing through his dresser drawers looking for something lightweight to wear out. Should he get into a hobby? There’s always those weekly trivia nights at the pubs, that could be a fun way to socialise. It wasn’t that he was asking for something traumatic to happen in London, giving him and Sherlock a run for their money; but it would be awfully nice to cure his summer boredom.
“I hope I’m not a daddy, either.”
“All the other chairs were taken, and I was told to take a seat.” He grumbled, standing up with the help of John.
“This was unexpected.” Sherlock spoke, spread out on John’s bed, coming down from his orgasm. They were both in their pants, half-asleep, their limbs entangled as they caught their breath.
i think the next chapter will be the last! I gotta tie in the title somehow huh? :-)
“Are you okay? Was I using too much teeth? I knew I should’ve done-” He got cut off by his partner laughing.
“Call off.”
me? writing smut? unheard of.
“It can’t be, I told him to never come back.”
honestly? writing sherlock hooked to cigarettes make me miss them
“The lobotomies? Yeah, grim stuff. What was this about him being on a stake out? He told me-”
“Not half as fun though is it? Solving murders is one thing, but going ‘aha! I solved all the weekly crosswords this newspaper company has ever created!’ is way more exciting.”
thanks for the gays
“Why? Afraid I won’t do a good job?” He couldn’t help but chuckle as he placed a kiss on the detective’s lips.
Sherlock fiddled with the top buttons of John’s shirt, undoing the top three and trailing kisses down his neck, pausing to admire his work of the bruises he’d left prior. He considered running an experiment on them, as he kissed and licked down his partner’s neck. Maybe see what different amounts of pressure did to John’s neck, how long they lasted, maybe even in different areas… His thoughts immediately stopped when he heard John let out a quiet moan.
to John as he took his coffee. “You better have a good excuse.”
This was kinda dialouge heavy! Wish my chapters were more synchronised in length, but I wrote it and now im dividing! oopsie!
John leaned down and gave Sherlock a kiss, starting off sweet, with soft pecks, but picking up the pace, licking Sherlock’s lips as his partner let out a very subtle moan. Sherlock found his hands slowly creeping up John’s back, under his shirt. As John sucked on Sherlock’s bottom lip, Sherlock dug his nails into the flesh of Sherlock’s back, trying his best to contain another moan.
“Sherlock?” The voice sounded quite upset, but the call for Sherlock sounded more like a demand than anything
(See the end of the chapter for
“Gorgeous…” Was all he mumbled, his eyes now fixed on John’s hairy chest.
also remember shootbadcabbies on tumblr? damn. an icon. forgot they existed for a minute n got a happy memory of them. hope theyre ok.
apologies in advance if the dialogue makes zero sense
poor dear doesnt understand affection and we love him for it
John walked out of his room, glancing over to see Lestrade standing in front of the door, looking around. When they made eye contact, Lestrade flinched.
John placed his newspaper down onto the coffee table before standing up and hobbling to the kitchen. The kettle had been overboiled this morning and he had completely forgotten that he was even trying to make tea. He made a mental note to stand by it til it whistled this time.
“Right, cheers.” John grumbled, as he grabbed the pen from Sherlock’s hand, letting his hand linger against the other’s for just a second more than usual.
He found himself slowly working up and down on John’s shaft. He had no clue what he was doing, and only used his previous experience from masturbation on himself (which was, quite frankly, an uncommon occurrence), but John was writhing and moaning softly. So he
“Don’t expect you to be cooking anytime soon.”  He grunted out as he walked to his room, leaving his tea on the counter. So much for casual conversation.
“Quite possibly. I need to find out where the killer left the ice pick, which involves going around and searching gardens in a 5 kilometer radius to the scene of the murder, which was not where the body was found, but until Scotland Yard finds the true crime scene, I’m bored at home. Apparently my last intrusion onto private property got them into a lot of trouble.”
ao3 user gale. this one's for you
come get your gays
“On what, exactly?”
“Do you think you’ll be around for dinner?” The doctor mumbled in Sherlock’s direction, as he poured hot water into his mug.
As Sherlock trailed his kisses back up, making eye contact with John, he leaned in for another kiss, but suddenly-
gOd i already miss this fic, i wish i could add more to it but i feel like it wouldn't end properly.
The conversation continued, however there was lingering tension as John kept making glances at Sherlock, licking his lips, with his best impression of bedroom eyes. With that, Sherlock stood up swiftly, standing in front of John and leaned down to kiss him, trying to be suave. However, he seemed to have miscalculated the fact that John’s chair did, in fact, have wheels and a swivel mechanism, causing John to be pushed away from him. John was laughing, clutching his stomach. Sherlock, however, was quite upset.
It was John who managed to cut him off his thoughts, placing a kiss on his lips. Oh, John, if only he know about the effect he had on Sherlock. All those deductions lost, all those thoughts melted away with a simple kiss. It was bliss, truly, and the only time the detective enjoyed feeling like an idiot.
When John came out of his room, wearing his plaid button up and blue slacks, he looked over at a sulking Sherlock. John sighed and walked up, placing a kiss on his forehead.
(See the end of the chapter for
no matter, im off tomorrow and plan on writing more, so the update may be sooner than you think.
“Least I don’t have to file on my day off, I’d rather live in blissful ignorance than have to worry about how my memories are organised. I’d simply hire a rather attractive mind palace secretary.”
“Go on, then. Any patterns?”
“Mind palace spring cleaning is not to be joked about,” The detective shuffled in seat, leaning forward to sound more serious. “It’s more intricate and dense, I have a file system. Obviously. There’s a paper shredder and everything, your boring little mind couldn’t handle such sheer complexities.”
“Not physically, I meant on a relationship level. I didn’t want to rush into this kind of thing but
“You said you’d be able to figure out the lead over night, and be back at the Yard by sunrise,” Lestrade raised his voice, mumbling a
im tryna get to sherlock's birthday but thats in january and i cant just skip christmas now can i?
do i have an idea for a sequel already? possibly.
“Did you-”
“Ethos,” Sherlock reached his hand over John’s shoulder and pointed at 38 across, “This one’s sequel.”
i love
“You spelt it wrong,” the detective exclaimed over John’s shoulder, as he reached a slender arm around the armchair to nick the blue pen from the other’s hand “Lemme see it.”
i tried to just focus on sherlock's flustered thoughts rather than every single detail john was doing
“Remind me to not let you use the word erection
They spent the afternoon talking and laughing, alongside the occasional kiss. They ordered a pizza, and ate on the bed. When the clock struck ten o’clock, John didn’t want to leave, and Sherlock didn’t want him to go.
but not this fic.
“Well, not only are you sporting an erection, I am too, implying we are both in the proper situation to-”
also I have no idea what the ratings are and I think I might need to change it to mature after posting this chapter, if anyone has any tips lmk!
The words ‘my John Watson’ echoed in the detective’s ears. He could get used to the sound of that.
“I like to think my sheer magnitude of magnificence can be used for more than just weekly crosswords.”
“You’re an absolute tease, you know that?” John laughed, tickled pink at the thought of Sherlock getting him off right then and now.
John woke up before his alarm, his head still buried into Sherlock’s chest, the taller man on his back. He looked up at him, letting out a wistful sigh.
making my boys be dumb awkward idiots it gives me Strength
. Any physical contact from Sherlock was good contact.
The little sandwich place they ended up in was absolutely packed, so they ordered their food and drink to go. As John ordered, he felt Sherlock place a hand on his back, just below his opposite shoulder. John quite liked it, whatever the gesture implied.
oooookay gets a little saucy here
it was a thing and i loved it
“Could be worse,” John finished the last bite of his sandwich, throwing away his rubbage in the bin. “Have you cleaned the cooker yet?”
“It was happening to smoothly, John. If either of us was uncomfortable we could step back. I’m quite happy touching your erection, and you’re free to touch mine as well.”
i struggled so hard with present ideas i had sherlock fuck off to france.
“I knew I should’ve snuck back into 221C.” He teased, planting another kiss on John’s lips, rolling his hips against John’s own.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“You aren’t a mummy, dear.” John reached over to get his phone, pressing randomly on the screen til the annoying beeping stopped.
thanks for reading! i really appreciate every comment and kudos.
“Couldn’t help it, you’re like a personal radiator and it’s
“No, it’s that your lunch break is over.”
“Ah, I do believe we are.” The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quivered into a faint smirk.
i would apologise to any saxophone player but you lot had this coming
also this is 99% dialouge im not sorry let my boys CONVERSE
**smut warning**
Thanks for reading
behind affection, but it’s just not something he’s had practise with. John didn’t care, but Sherlock couldn’t stop thinking about it. How was he supposed to cherish and care for John if he had to act like it was a play? John must be so used to experienced people, to people who-
also if any of u think im making sherlock a druggie THERES the door
“Sherlock, I-” Immediately, Sherlock stopped what he was doing, staring up at John with a very stern look.
that'd be a crime punishable by law.
“Okay that’s great and all that you figured that out, but
“Oh to have a boring little mind like you, Watson.”
look i went to the isle of wight once when i was 12 and all i remember is that sodding garlic farm and i didn't want them at a garlic farm. sorry its a bit vague i didn't want to incorrectly describe these places.
“I can stop if you like,” whispered Sherlock, his voice deep in John’s ear as he kissed his lobe, pulling on it slightly with his teeth.
for John. He spent the day filing his paperwork and making sure everything was up to standard. Like clockwork, the receptionist called John to tell him someone was here to see him at exactly one o’clock. He put his white coat on the back of his chair and headed out, smiling. When he walked into the waiting room, he couldn’t help but burst into laughter. There was Sherlock, huddled over in a chair meant for children, his knees almost hitting his own chin.
Right in front of Sherlock’s eyes was a mug of coffee that his flatmate (and best friend) John Watson had made him. With a grunt, he took the mug from the doctor’s hand, cradling it close to his face. The weather outside was bleak and grey, as it’s cold wind made the flat creak. The warm mug felt so comforting to Sherlock as he took a sip.
“Wha- OH. There we go, there we go! See? I knew I could do it.” Sherlock caught himself smiling as his flatmate scribbled frantically at the newspaper.
(See the end of the chapter for
gregs an Idiote
im actually in the midst of the smut rn, might be the next chapter or the one after!
It was a few moments of going back and forth with hints, until John and Sherlock finally finished the crossword. After their brief celebration, the detective had yet to move his hand from John’s lap. As John placed the crossword on his other leg, Sherlock felt a cautious movement across his hand. John had creeped his hand over to cradle the other’s, and gave it a light squeeze.
“Come off it, it is basic human knowledge that someone can’t finish a crossword without asking for help on like, half the questions. The hint is ‘Some’, six letters long, and begins with an N? Last letter is L.”
“Isn’t that a bit… insensitive?”
“Why on Earth would we do that?”
alternatively titled: local boy pretends to know how wedding ring stores work for 2000 words
” John chuckled, until Sherlock found his hands creeping down John’s elastic on his pyjama bottoms, before the front door was heard being shut.
“Does this crossword allow multiple words?”
“And replace the horrible mugginess with sand, seagulls, sunburn, not to mention all the screams from children-”
The badger from Narnia?”
He felt a tongue creep against his lips, which caused him to shudder. The detective's brain had completely shut down, it's only focus was on John. John's lips, Johns breathing, John's hands, now wrapping around the detective's waist. Sherlock found himself pulling back, only to graze his eyes over John's face. He wanted to remember his facial expression, his smell, his taste, and his touch for eternity. A memory he'd lock away deep into his mind palace, to visit over and over and over.
“Right, well I have to be back at two fifteen, so let’s get going.” John walked out the door, Sherlock following him like a baby duck following their mother. John laced his fingers in between Sherlock’s, placing a kiss on the back of his partner’s hand.
“Hmm, sounds very very horrible.” He muttered in response, sipping on his tea.
also i feel like im bad at writing sherlock's uhh
i REALLY wanted my boys to get stoned. sue me.
ppl are asking for full blown sex and idk if i can actually write it, but i'm gonna try for the next chapter!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Eerie. For someone who insists on finishing the crosswords on his own, you sure to ask for a lot of the answers.” Sherlock spoke, now at the table behind John, staring into a microscope.
“Please, they wouldn’t last fifteen minutes without me.” He scoffed in return.
“But I have the pen, uh…” John furrowed his brow, squinting at the text, “I want… morel?”
“No, I’m about to, or was about to, cum. Didn’t want you choking on it.” A wave of relief washed over Sherlock. He nodded once and got back to sucking John off. Sherlock tried his best to focus on what he was doing, and not his racing thoughts. They were getting louder and louder, running through brain, like a child banging pots and pans together.
“Jesus Sherlock how long have you had tha-” He was cut off with Sherlock’s lips kissing him again, open and wet. John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s head, grabbing a hold of it gently, tugging ever so slightly as the kiss deepened. Sherlock pulled back again, as John let go of his hair. He placed kisses on John’s chest, biting, kissing, and sucking. John was a hot, moany mess, and Sherlock was on cloud nine. John flinched as his partner placed a kiss on his scar, and Sherlock froze.
“John. Would you be okay if we switched positions?” He asked, acting like nothing just happened.
“Look, next weeks a bank holiday, we could have a weekend out; and if you won’t go, I’ll simply go by myself. I want some fresh air and a seagull to feed chips to.” John ended his sentence with a huff, and sat down in his chair, opening up his laptop.
“Right, well, I should probably go call my supervisor and let them know I’m running late.” He folded the paper up, glancing at the time.
“Can you just say something that isn’t my name?” John’s voice sounded bleak now, as he let out a sigh. It was only then that he realised how close the two of them were, and that there was a hand resting on his neck.
“Gorgeous,” Sherlock muttered between kisses “Absolutely breathtaking, and it’s mine.”
“If you don’t want to tell me, that’s fine,” John murmured, cupping Sherlock’s cheek “Do you want me to return the favour?” Sherlock shook his head
(See the end of the chapter for
“And what about it?”
brain n how it works so im trying my best, sorry if it's a bit ooc!
He also had a beautiful laugh that sounded like a symphony. Not the polite chuckle, nor the embarrassment cover-up. Sherlock was thinking about that true, giddy laugh that came from the very bottom of his soul. It made everything seem perfect, the moment unforgettable. The amount of memories Sherlock had stored away in his mind palace simply to hear that silly doctor’s laugh was almost too high to count.
“Argos won’t be pleased.” John let out a breathy chuckle, followed by a gasp as Sherlock readjusted his hips, their erections bumping into each other like old friends at a shopping centre.
so this is like
“You almost need a bigger harddrive to wire up to your brain, or a bigger house to store them in.”
“In a minute, John. I’m not done cataloging you.”
“He said he was on a stake last night and would be back the second the Yard opened the doors. Didn’t show, was worried he got hurt. Did he tell you about the-?” Lestrade poked angrily at his eye, gesturing a bit too enthusiastically
“John I think you- Oh, right. That was why you left,” Sherlock walked out of John’s room, looking at Greg. The shirt he was wearing seemed to be too short and baggy on him, bearing his hips ever so slightly, clearly the wrong fit for his body type. Greg cocked an eyebrow, and glanced between John and Sherlock. He also noticed John’s was a bit tight around the arms. “Can I help you, Detective Inspector?”
“What’s bothering you, then? Did you not want to do that?”
“I wasn’t aware that you could owe someone an orgasm. We’re together, John, we have an entire lifetime of orgasms ahead of us.” John replied with a warm smile as Sherlock kissed him on the cheek.
Lestrade and John stared at Sherlock
“Already on it,” John responded, a soft smile on his face as he began to book a reservation for next week.
this is my First Ever Fic, and it started off as me just writing them, i didn't ever see myself posting it anywhere. some call it shame, others call it laziness, i call it both!
Sherlock started to undo John’s belt and zipper, before John gasped, pulling the detective’s hands off him.
“I would like two orders of the number seven please,” The taller man spoke, glancing over at John. “Oh and some of those papadom things.” They’d found themselves in an Indian takeaway shop. The person taking their order was a tired teenager, probably the son of the owner. John knew that he knew that they were high. Sherlock was not good at hiding it, but he didn’t care. Call the police, in London on a Friday night because two college kids smell like pot? Hilarious.
“I can’t, I’ll run out of sick days for when I actually need. It’s a short shift today, just some paperwork and filing, boring computer stuff.”
“I’ll see you at home, John Watson.” And this time, it was Sherlock’s turn to give the goodbye kiss, leaving John feeling warm inside.
oh to be young and stealing them from my father again, now i gotta pay so is it even worth it
“Stop thinking so loud, it’s waking me up.” Sherlock grumbled, his eyes still shut.
“John-” He began, as he felt the hand suddenly leave his, the doctor bolting out of his chair. He rubbed a hand dramatically down his face, before staring at the ground, his hands on his hips.
“The murderer is an ex-shrink named Marshall Parry, who lost his licence years ago due to improper behaviour. He deemed himself the next Freeman and thought he could cure his old patients by performing a transorbital lobotomy, but Parry didn’t research it properly. He missed the prefrontal cortex connections and resulted in the frontal lobe being horribly, horribly disfigured and they died a very painful death.”
“Sherlock the door… can you..” Sherlock looked over, it was unlocked. John loosened his grip on Sherlock’s legs and he locked it in one swift motion, before returning back to the spot he was in. John pulled him closer, gripping the fabric of his dress shirt as he kissed him, his tongue dancing in Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock started creeping his hands to John’s zipper, and got his hands in, feeling John’s dick through his boxer briefs. John pulled back from kissing Sherlock, inhaling sharply. Sherlock slipped his hands under the cloth, and let out a moan as he felt John’s dick in his hand. He did his best to pull the pants down, rubbing his finger over the slit of John’s head, earning himself a well-deserved moan.
“I really fancy you Sherlock, I fancy your stupid blue eyes and your stupid little laugh and your stupid curly hair. And now I’ve made a fool of myself by reading an entire room wrong. For weeks.”
Sherlock hoped this crossword would never end.
upset that I’m not getting you off, but rather that you didn’t get to talk about a dead badger?” Sherlock gave him a quizzical look.
“I’m leaving you with an uncomfortable erection after you made me feel completely euphoric. It’s pretty selfish of me.”
Sherlock breathed heavy down John’s neck, enjoying this as much as John was. The sounds John was making, though he did do his best to hide them, was music to Sherlock’s ears. John’s breath hitched as Sherlock stopped, pulling away from his neck to make eye contact with the doctor.
also seth thomas metronomes are supposed to be like these dope old ones that are vintage or smth
they were high
“They’ll have to pry me off you first.” He smirked, running his tongue over John’s nipple.
“Sherlock, I- I have to go to work you can’t just-” Sherlock grinded, or tried to, once again. His movements were awkward, but that didn’t stop from John from enjoying it a
“What’s a word for strange that begins with E, five letters?”
“Earth to Holmes,” was the only thing Sherlock heard before snapping back out of his in depth daydream, “Your coffee’s gonna go cold.”
and you’ll have the paperwork in your boss’ inbox come tomorrow at noon.”
“I think my boss would have my head if I showed up nearly forty-five minutes late with my boyfriend following. If you want to see me, my lunch is usually around one o’clock. You can tell the receptionist you’re there for me and I’ll come join you. On me.” John walked up to Sherlock, tilting his head up to plant a kiss on his lips, lingering a little longer than socially acceptable for a
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t give me that look,” John stifled between chuckles, settling down “Would you stop sulking if I stood up?” And he did just that, standing up, brushing his lap from crumbs that gathered on his trousers. Sherlock huffed, trying to not act bothered that his ever-so smooth plan crumbled. He still had to work on the
“Shared values?”
“Why would I- oh right, the badger foetus. ‘Course not, I haven’t found a place to put Trufflehunter. He’s currently soaking in potassium hydroxide, i daren’t disturb him.”
i dont wanna be offensive or make *too* much plot, so its mostly just grazed over!
writing smut is like driving past a car crash for me and i have no idea why
They got back to kissing, both clearly craving more. And suddenly, as if he was snogging a mind reader, John felt Sherlock’s long, slender hand gently cover his erection through the thin lining of his pyjama pants and cup it, just slightly. The feeling was
more is more
its a little short this time, im afraid!
clenches fist
be doing something right.
“Well tell them,” Sherlock rolled his hips again, resulting in John groaning, “You’ll work from home. Your very
His hair too, by god his hair. Sherlock had caught himself staring at John’s hair, wishing he could run his hands through it. The ashy blond hair was far from boring, so gorgeous and so fitting for John. for his John, no less.
“I figured it out last night, only merely just put the pieces together.” He spoke coolly, taking a sit in his arm chair, crossing his left leg over his right. He was a good liar when he wanted to be.
“Hang on, I haven’t gotten there yet- is Ethos E T H or E H T?”
“No no, I did. I enjoyed it very much, and I’m sure you did too.”
“Everything alright?” John raised an eyebrow, looking at his partner’s stiff expression as he removed his hand and did his trousers up.
“You mean to tell me I could’ve done this weeks ago?”
idk i googled it
“Sherlo- We can’t just keep going, what if they hear us? What if they’re going to drug us and steal our kidneys?”
Sherlock didn’t speak. Instead, he leaned towards John, and pressed his lips against the other’s.
“The first one.”
“You really should’ve kept your word, you know that right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Make sure you find a room with a view,” Muttered the detective after a moment of silence, not bothering to look up at his roommate as he spoke.
John pulled back, taking his own shirt off and tossing it to the side, and then placing wet kisses to his partner’s neck, leaving yet another love mark.
“That’s your answer.”
“Lestrade still upset at you?” John spoke in between a bite, swiveling slightly in his desk chair, bouncing his feet between the V the legs on wheels created.
“I er… sure?” His partner got off and laid down on the bed, laughing slightly as his lanky boyfriend awkwardly clambered on top of him, sitting down on his groin. Sherlock was in a loose v neck, and he awkwardly took his shirt off, throwing it off the bed. His body was thin, his hip and collar bones jutting out and the only patch of hair surrounded his navel, trickling down to his crotch. With his heavy breathing, John noticed his skin stretching over his ribs, exposing them a bit more. And John fell even more in love.
“Fucking unbelievable.” Lestrade grumbled, pulling out his mobile to call the Yard, telling them to hunt down a Marshall Perry. “Cheers for the coffee, John.” He mumbled, placing his mug down on the kitchen counter, and left, slamming the door behind him, muttering curses at Sherlock under his breath.
“Quit stropping, I’ll be home before you know it.” He gave Sherlock another kiss, before heading out the door and going to work.
“You can’t have spelling errors in a crossword, it beats the entire purpose.” The detective mumbled into John’s ear, before adjusting his head further away. His hand had magically made its way onto John’s lap, resting where his leg touched his stomach. This position made his back scream in discomfort, but the doctor hadn’t moved the hand away, so his back was simply going to have to adjust.
i dont work today and i just wanna write as much as possible excuse the heavy updating
“You married her because she aggressively pursued you,” Sherlock interjected. “She made you feel wanted. Needed. And you’d gone too long without a wife – people wondered if you’d ever settle down. That unsettled you.”
“Yeah, I know,” John said. “He says to knock if we need him and to slip a note under the door if he doesn’t answer.”
“Something is better than nothing at all,” said Captain Anderson with an unattractive, thin-lipped smile. John instantly disliked the man.
He knew it had something to do with the fact that Sherlock
“I’ve told you this before, but physical activity, especially physical activity out of doors, helps your mind. Your brain, Sherlock.”
talk about the piano.”
The child on the floor – a much younger but equally annoying version of Mycroft Holmes – had dropped his hands from his ears and was staring wide-eyed at John and Sherlock.
John squeezed Sherlock’s foot. “Fitting – we certainly spent enough time on the streets of London.
Sherlock stopped beside John and dropped onto the bench with a scoff. “You’ve not been throwing stones at it, have you?”
Wedding.
While it might have been fun to pretend he was, John knew that with this particular child, establishing authority from the get-go was the only way to have half a shot at a positive outcome.
A crow’s caw, sharp and coarse in the quiet gardens, caught his attention, and he located the bird on a nearby tree, scolding him as if this day was exactly like any other.
John shook his head. When he spoke, he found himself revealing what he’d been holding so close. Revealing it without regrets – it seemed the appropriate time, at last, to tell Sherlock about what he’d found.
And he was happier – far happier – as was obvious in his general disposition, and in the melodies that sprang from his violin. Molly could hardly keep up with him when they sat together in the garden, around the knee-high table John had made to her specifications. It was a fair effort, he thought, sturdy and level, the old wood thoroughly sanded, though Sherlock dragged it from place to place by one short leg, and told John that a round one would have been far more useful, as he’d have been able to put it up on its side and roll it across the garden.
He couldn’t have kept the answering smile from his own face had he wanted to. His heart had firmly taken charge, and he stepped into the room, feeling lighter than he had in six long months.
“It’s a ship, John.” John followed his finger as it moved to point out feature after feature. “Crow’s nest. Captain’s wheel. Plank – or what’s left of it – I can’t imagine my great-grandfather actually allowing a functional plank – perhaps there was a safety net… Ladder – Lestrade will have one, won’t he?”
He isn’t wrong. John loves him.
John frowned. He obviously had misinterpreted how the game was played. “Yes,” he snapped. “Your mother. What was she like?”
“What? No – not – Molly….” He called after her as she turned quickly back around and continued walking purposefully down the corridor. She slowed again, then turned around to face him, looking slightly wounded.
Sherlock seemed to know his thoughts, for he gave John’s hand a reassuring squeeze, then let it go. John pulled himself to his feet, wincing as his leg protested, and steadied himself against the wall. Sherlock offered his hand then, and John helped pull him upright. Sherlock’s arms came up around him as he got his footing, and he nestled his head in the crook of John’s neck, breath warm against John’s skin.
Mycroft laughed. It wasn’t a jovial sound, or even a pleasant one. He laughed like someone unaccustomed to doing so, seemingly surprised at the unfamiliar sound escaping his body.
“In?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow, expression inscrutable.
John raised his hand to shield his eyes from the sun and found himself staring into a vaguely familiar face with very recognizable red hair.
left here taking care of someone else’s problem? He wasn’t responsible for Mycroft’s current predicament, nor should he be responsible for caring for him while Sherlock went about his business.
Sherlock was playing now, moving from melody to melody, trying them out, abandoning them, starting up another, until he settled on something John recognized but could not name. By the quick and irregular motion of the bow, it seemed a complicated piece, but the expression on Sherlock’s face was more relaxed than contemplative as his body melded with the music, and the music, in turn, melded with the mood of the garden.
“Oh – right.”
“Nope. Not an Auror. He works with the Muggle police.”
John sat at the piano and began a right-handed retelling of Three Blind Mice, pointedly ignoring Sherlock.
“What is it now?” asked John, trying to sound exasperated. It was difficult to keep up the pretense, as he was a great deal more intrigued with the man than exasperated.
John elbowed him. “I knew it – I knew you’d seen that key before!”
“Dr. Watson is typically in his rooms or in the infirmary at that time,” Mycroft said, helpfully and unnecessarily.
As much as he wanted to cradle Sherlock in his arms, John allowed his inner physician to take control and backed off, giving him space.
a wiz-fit we’ll need to go higher. He could access the highest cabinets from a broom.”
“Look at you,” he said. “Ten hours from start to finish and you look like you’ve just stepped out of a fashion magazine.”
“Queerpitch! Surely he’ll play! And if he does, he’s bound to want us to come to a match or two. At Bogworth! John – we’re going to get to go to Bogsworth!”
“You….”
But John can’t say a word because Sherlock and William are staring at each other. John knows a baby of this age can’t focus out beyond a foot or so, but is quite certain Sherlock hasn’t rearranged enough in his overstuffed brain to accommodate this fact. He lets him have his moment, this moment, and sits on the ottoman before him.
and still a Holmes.” She took a few steps closer, studying Sherlock with a tentative smile. “I thought I’d walk in on John taking the old man’s pulse. I expected him to be very old, and very feeble, but with a mind as sharp as a whip. But you – ” She smiled again, and John thought the smile bled outside the lines of professionalism, “You certainly don’t look like you need my help, Mr. Holmes.”
“It’s all a game, John Watson,” he said at last. He picked out a quick tune on the keys. “So let’s change the rules a bit. I’ll tell you a bit about the Major, and in turn, you tell me a bit about your wife.”
“Your business doesn’t concern me,” John said, treading carefully. Irene Adler was clearly a dangerous woman, and he disliked her familiarity with Sherlock as much as he was intrigued by her casual threats regarding Mycroft.
“Nah – she’s not with anyone. Not like dad and Professor Snape.”
Molly laughed. “Really? It seems to be a recurring theme around here – Al and Greg, you and Sherlock.”
It was not the last time John would hear that scream that day.
John swallowed. His left hand, once weak and useless, fisted nearly as tight as his right. He sucked in a breath then let it out very slowly.
John shook his head. He was going to kill Sherlock. Dead. Quite possibly with his bare hands.
Sherlock. Of course it would be Sherlock.
“He gave you a key.” John smiled as he nudged a pawn forward.
Four and a half hours after Molly left, Mrs. Hudson finally came to tell him he was wanted in His Majesty’s throne room.
“Actually, Sherlock, there’s a new lock on that garden gate. This key wouldn’t begin to fit it.”
He couldn’t exactly tell her he’d been looking forward to spending the time with Sherlock. To make plans like they had that one tipsy, light-headed evening. As if they were children again, with no cares or worries or looming battles. That he’d thought about the time they’d spend together cutting the wood, nailing it together, just the two of them like two boys hiding out from their parents, carving out their secret, hidden place in the world. No, he couldn’t tell Molly that he’d wanted, as well, to give Sherlock – who by all accounts had had nearly anything he’d wanted as a child – the one fantastical thing that he’d wanted yet never had. Something like that from
Sherlock sighed. “I’ve been waiting some time to meet Molly in person, and I’ve quite a few questions for her.”
“Yes they did. They didn’t magic themselves there or crawl in a window and they certainly aren’t coming down the chimney – no – they’re not, Sherlock.”
Sherlock, for his part, had plopped himself down on a lush grass lawn and was tuning his violin, ignoring them completely.
“Don’t go shopping yet,” Sherlock called out as the Ministry team, plus Mycroft, hurried over to the Floo. “It might not be permanent.”
The room was quiet for several minutes. John remained on the edge of the bed, watching Sherlock, who had steepled his hands on his chest, tips of his fingers touching his chin. He was breathing evenly, but showed no sign of slipping into slumber. John thought about what he’d said, and all the questions he’d like to ask. He wondered about this mind palace purported to be in ruins. Sherlock Holmes seemed brilliant on every level. Refined speech, well-chosen and effective words, clear retention of knowledge of materials both recently learned and long held. His head injury hadn’t obviously affected his recall, and while his speech seemed a bit slow, he was just coming out of a series of seizures.
“That’s odd,” Sherlock said. “You’ve never made treacle tart before in your life.”
He faltered, 	then stopped speaking altogether as he looked vaguely off into the distance, into the far corner of the corridor, though his eyes were distant and unfocused. John reached up and touched his cheek, worried that Sherlock was slipping into a seizure.
“She’s not…my what?”
Not, John thought without a doubt, the creation of the man he knew as Billy.
And the other thing – that John had put behind him so long ago. The thing Sherlock hadn’t yet discovered. The thing John could never voice.
It was a marvelous suggestion – really, it was. Sherlock’s eyes went out of focus for a moment, gazing far away at nothing at all while his mind processed not the idea of music in the work room, but how it would fit into the grand plan he’d begun to formulate.
John really didn’t know, and was ridiculously put out that she’d seen Sherlock before he had. He smiled non-committedly and moved past her toward the room Al had used.
Sherlock reached for the robes on top where a bit of silver peeked out at the collar. He lifted it and it unfolded in a silken waterfall into an elegant garment in midnight blue.
“My brother and Miss Hooper have gone to have lunch and set up the work room,” Mycroft said. It obviously wasn’t difficult to read John’s expression. “They seem quite eager to get this project underway again.”
He knew this was going to happen. There had been a 0% probability that things would continue in the same manner that they had been. So why is his transport betraying him like this? This was inevitable, really. He had lived on his own for years and years before meeting John, he was more than capable of doing it again.
Yours Sincerely,
supposed to mean?” His calm tone now gone.
“Just piss off! Go do an experiment or whatever and just pretend I’m not even here. You’re good at that.”
Sherlock spit out a dark laugh “-wish you meant that-” He cuts off as he lets his eyes drift close, no longer wanting to fight the impending sleep.
The true irony of the man who never cared before only to find he cares the most.
you to leave.”
“Sherlock…?” Molly asks, concern clearly cutting into her voice. “Is everything alright?” She knows it’s not, no point in lying about it.
Now that that crisis is averted, John needs to find Sherlock. John pivots and starts running back the way he came.
“It was a blank…” Sherlock mutters, trying to regain his composure.
“Excuse me?”
John laughed without humor, “I knew I should have stayed at the bloody pub. I knew coming back was a mistake.”
“Hang on, what?” John says with alarm. “What do you mean you’re a liability?”
“And I can’t be at fault for one of your deaths too, John.” His response came out too loud. Somehow this was easier when thought that John wanted nothing to do with him. He felt his eyes stinging. This was not going according to plan whatsoever. He stares down at the pattern on the rug.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
John gapes. “I… I thought you wanted us to leave.” He says.
“Great! So can we be done with the fighting?”
“Look, I don’t know what’s going on, Sherlock came over and was acting really strange.” She frets, “He said you had a falling out and that he wanted to say goodbye to Rosie.” John’s stomach turns and he tastes bile. “Whatever this is, he nearly died the last time you cut him out of your life, John.”
“Sherlock!” He screams. “Oh, God. Sherlock!” He collapses on the ground beside him. John grabs his shoulder and gives it a slight shake. Sherlock’s eyelids flutter as he tries to stay awake and focus on what’s happening.
“You said it! You said
He needed a drink.
Sherlock walks quickly through the park. He knows if he goes to any of his normal spots to seek out a fix, Mycroft could intervene and that’s the last thing he wants to deal with tonight. He stops off and grabs a bottle of scotch from a store on the way. Not ideal, but it would keep Mycroft from prying and allow him the escape he needed tonight.
“Oi! Oi!! Hello!?” A shout startles Sherlock awake. Where is he? A car? A cab. Shouting. Ah. The driver. He blinks a few times to orient himself. “We’re here.” The driver continues impatiently. Sherlock reaches in his pocket for cash to pay the driver, not bothering to count out exact change and stumbles out of the car.
“Sherlock, we’ve discussed this. Mary’s death isn’t your fault.”
“Good luck. Text me if you need anything.” John says as he heads out the door, Rosie on his hip.
“Yes.” Sherlock brushes past her and finds his way to the living room, where Rosie could be heard laughing and knocking her building blocks about. Upon seeing Rosie, his strategic detachment crumbles almost immediately, and he can feel a sting in his eyes, threatening to betray him. Molly would notice; she always noticed him. He’d have to be quick about this, then.
John is in the kitchen making coffee though it feels a bit odd to be making coffee at this hour. He knew some strong caffeine was going to be the easiest way to sober up and remain awake enough to talk and apologize to Sherlock as soon as he got home.
“I should have realised without you having to spell it out for me. Not only having to completely change your lifestyle when it comes to experiments in the flat, but on top of that, having a screaming toddler vying for attention, which is distracting and… I didn’t realize we were imposing—“
“What? Consistent bedtimes are imperative for healthy early childhood development!” Sherlock decides to play the innocent card.
“John?” Sherlock asks incredulously and worried something's wrong.
Though there are many things about John Watson that baffle Sherlock and constantly keep him guessing, there’s one thing that he can always tell: when John’s lying. As John gets out of the creaky hospital chair to go scavenge whatever poor excuse for tea he can find in a hospital wing, Sherlock can see the smile John has put on isn’t genuine and doesn’t reach his eyes.
“Piss off, Sherlock.”
Dr. Watson,
Sherlock flinches.
“Did you call Greg? If you didn’t, don’t. I can phone Mycroft if it’s a danger night.” John tries to keep his voice as even as possible as he flexes his hand, ignoring the few drops of blood that land on the tile floor.
Baker Street. That was good. Baker Street was good. He reaches for the door and freezes, suddenly remembering the events of the night, namely why he’s drunk and thinking so sluggishly. He shouldn’t be here, he’s not ready to face this yet. Why had he even agreed to come back? What a rubbish idea.
John sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose and takes a deep breath before continuing. “When Marone… drugged you. You told me. You didn’t mean to, but you did.” He sounds… guilty?
Deep down, Sherlock knew Mary dying was his fault. His recklessness had directly resulted in her death, and though John had said otherwise, he couldn’t help but doubt that John could ever forgive him for her death. That coupled with the constant threat that hangs over their head daily explains why the change in John became so noticeable in the hospital.
“No. Sherlock, wait!” She shouts, but she isn’t fast enough and Sherlock slips out into the night.
Given the new information revealed in our recent discussion, I’ve taken the liberty of arranging some assistance for you to better expedite the moving process. Unfortunately, I have been called on a rather pressing case and will be unavailable to see you off. Mycroft, however, assures me that his people will be more than suitable and will arrive first thing in the morning.
John sits up with a start, realizing Rosie isn’t in her cot. He scrambles out of bed and rushes to the door when he hears the peal of his daughter’s laughter from the living room mixed with Sherlock’s quiet baritone, though he can’t quite make out what he’s saying. She’s fine. Sherlock has her.
He sets his phone down on the table next to his chair and puts his head in his hands. This was going to be a long night.
“The Teacher!” Sherlock shouts, and John runs in the opposite direction of Sherlock toward her classroom to ensure Marone hasn’t already got to her.
“Oh, you’re one to talk right now.” John interjects.
“If you say ‘I see, but don’t observe’, I’m going to lose it, Sherlock.” John crosses his arms and stares at the detective.
Sherlock knows he needs to understand whatever Marone’s driving force is before he engages him again. Before he gets a chance to really delve in and give it more thought, tiny whimpers are heard over the crackle of the baby monitor which has now become a habit of Sherlock’s to turn on when he knows John has had a particularly rough night.
He hears his phone buzz again, after taking a few seconds to collect himself, he picks up the phone.
“Sherlock, wait.” He felt his heart beat in his throat. So they were doing this now after all. “I’m sorry,” the doctor continued. As uncomfortable as Sherlock was feeling right now, he couldn’t doubt the sincerity he heard. Somehow that made it worse.
Molly doesn’t respond for a moment. “Are you drunk?” She asks hesitantly.
Just before he gets to the door, Lestrade and Donovan turn the corner and run towards him. Without hesitation, John bursts through the classroom door. Shocked by the unexpected noise, Ms. Westbrook screams. A quick glance is all John needs. She is completely fine.
Though it goes against all his instincts, he slips the phone back into his pocket and doesn’t answer. Whatever kind of olive branch he’s trying to extend in the interest of remaining amenable, Sherlock’s not interested.
“You keep saying that! Why? I’m telling you that’s not true. Why do you think that’s true?” Sherlock shouts.
This wasn’t new information. He had known this for a very long time, since their first case, if he really thought about it. He would go to the ends of the earth for John Watson.
“This, John. Exactly this.
“What? What do you mean? Sherlock, stay with me.” John demands as he takes his pulse.
Now, hearing Sherlock’s drug induced ramblings admitting that he felt like there wasn’t enough space made his stomach turn. They were imposing. They were imposing enough that Sherlock was talking about leaving his home just to get some space.
“I’m remembering the governor” Sherlock says as he begins his countdown, pointing the gun under his chin. He tries to hide the wavering in his hands, but his body is betraying him. He knows that this is his only option, but that doesn’t make him any less scared. He doesn’t want to die, but he knows he can’t live with himself with the alternative option.
“It doesn’t—“ Sherlock begins to protest.
Sherlock’s hand grabs the door handle in a flash and suddenly they are off. Sherlock bolts after the man in the black hoodie, tearing down the corridor.
John sits back on his bed for a moment to collect himself and slow his racing heartbeat before going downstairs.
At that, Sherlock smirks. That’s probably true. He’s probably in a right state. He’d been prepared for his world as he knew it to crumble before his very eyes, and must have looked like it.
“Snuck up on me. Got me.” Sherlock slurs, clutching at his scarf. John makes quick time of pulling his scarf off and examining Sherlock’s neck. A single red-purple dot darkens his skin a few inches above his right collarbone.
Sherlock is typing away on John’s laptop, trying to pinpoint Marone’s next move. He underestimated him before, not a move he is willing to make again. In fairness, Marone had seemed exceptionally ordinary. A medical technician with no family and few acquaintances, limited social media presence, typical spending habits. No addictions, known mental illness, or affinities for violent media. It didn’t make sense. According to Ms. Westbrook, Steven Marone was just a former classmate she hadn’t seen in the 5 years since they graduated. What was his motive? Clearly he had managed to slip the medication used to drug Sherlock from work, but why did he have it on hand? None of his prior victims had been drugged.
“This isn’t like before, I—It doesn’t matter.” Sherlock says as he pulls the collar up on his coat. “Thank you, Molly.” Sherlock says as he rushes towards the door, hoping to escape Molly’s prying eyes before she understands the true gravity of the state he is in, though he is fairly certain he has already been seen.
Sherlock wakes up with as gasp. It had been 3 months since the events of Sherrinford had taken place, and he still has nightmares about it. He’s covered in sweat and his lungs aching for air. His panic doesn’t dissipate as he realizes that his surroundings are not as he expected. The florescent overhead lights are blinding and the smell of antiseptic overwhelming. He’s not in his bed. He’s in a hospital. Why? What happened?
was always going to happen. I’ve been worrying about what we would do when that happened because I didn’t want you both to leave.” Sherlock snaps his mouth shut, concerned he’s already said too much.
Sherlock huffs. “Come on, John. You must see it. I thought that’s why you were so desperate to get away from me. It’s not safe around me, John and it never will be. Look at you, you look like hell —“
