"Go on, get wet. Oh, Babyboy, you have no idea, I could come by myself to suck my fingers here. Hurry up. "The detective smiled and finished his work. Slowly he introduced a finger. Sherlock was used to that and he took it so well. At the second finger, he started to whimper slightly. John calmed him and tried to distract him with kisses. He made scissors movements with his fingers. When it loosened, the third finger was added. "Shh, oh you're so good, my little one. Daddy loves you so much, you're such a good boy. "
Are you coming home now? Please Dada. SH
"You think you can just do what you want. I told you that I must work! Stay there and be quiet. "John said harshly.
"You like me again?"
We were sitting on the sofa. Silence. Unpleasant.
"But I want to have sex."
"On the bed, go. You were not good, you know that. This was just a small favor. "John looked at him disappointed. Sherlock lay down on the bed, exhausted and still a little out of breath. "Daddy, what are you doing? I'm still hard. ", He smiled at his partner. "Silent, I said."
John was on his way home. His jacket was almost completely wet. He was looking forward to the warm apartment, a tea and of course Sherlock. He wanted to take the next step with him today. Slowly he went up the stairs. Mrs. Hudson wanted to go to Oxford for a friend's birthday, otherwise the lovely smell of cookies would probably sweeten the air. At the top, he received the warmth of the living room.
John open his eyes slowly. I backed away. „What…“ „I…only…sorry…“ A hot tear ran down my cheek. He looked at me. He was shocked and I cryed more. „John please … say something.“ He sat up and squatted next to me. John put his hand to my cheek. He gently strokes my tears away. But I couldn´t stop crying. „Shh, everything is okay.“ He huged me. „Oh, John“, I whimpered, „
His hands were in his hair and pulled lightly on it. John was more interested in lower-lying regions. However, he first took care that Sherlock's T-shirt disappeared. Gentle kisses he put on the beautiful light skin and on the rosy nipples. His lover now tried to pull his sweater over his head. Slowly he stroked the muscles of the other, through his slight chest hair and over the scar with full admiration. There really is not a prettier man than John Watson. This only smiles sweetly at him.
pov. John
He wanted to ask what happened, but he was just speechless. He felt fantastic. The pain was gone. He felt weird now. Funny hot and tingling. He could not explain it and John was getting faster and faster. The room was filled with moans and loud breathing. Sherlock loudly called his lover's name.
John helped his boy up, he had red eyes, he sobbed. Quickly, the elder pressed him to him. "Shh, you have taken your punishment so well, my little one."
Daddy. SH
In the doctor´s office, John's thoughts were only with him. He hated to punish him. But Sherlock can not just do what he wants. He keeps people from working or he hurts them in the worst case. After three quarters of an hour he had done it. The last patient just left the practice. The nurses he asked to do the rest, then he went home.
pov. John
Oh god. What have I done? I´m out of my mind. I need to ask my brother for an advice. As sad as it is. I´m really out of my mind. I quickly let my phone slide back into my coat. Back on the main road I took the next taxi and drove to my brother. I hope he is already at home.
"No darling. We want to take this slowly. We will just ... "
Sherlock smiled innocently from below. The doctor opened his pants and pulled out his big, already aching penis. "Mouth open." Soft lips closed around his cock and he plunged into the hot depth. Sherlock did his best, licking the whole shaft, sucking, choking and letting his tongue tip run right over his hole. He easily ran his teeth over the sensitive skin. John tried to hold back.
John:
"Oh, you're such a dirty boy ..." John was happy, too. He withdrew his fingers, followed by a whimper. John slapped him on the buttocks that had been reddened earlier. It was different now, better. Sherlock groaned in alarm.
Daddy? SH
Sherlock:
They fell in love. Sherlock was or is not very experienced in making a relationship. Everything was so new for him. Especially with sex. John wanted to take it easy, he did not want to rush things. Sherlock did not quite understand why, he just wanted to be closer to his lover. But to be honest, he did not even know how. He never thought he would need any sexual information in his life. Any knowledge had been erased.
/ sends picture /
He took out the cuffs and tied Sherlock to the bed. He put a thick blanket over him. "As you know, I have to work. But I'll be back soon, dear. This is your punishment that you have annoyed me so much. Now tell me ... did you touch yourself, Sherlock? "The younger one lay wide-eyed. He had finally realized that his daddy was not here for his pleasure. "What ... what are you doing ... you can´t ..."
I drank a sip of the tea for the first time. For unexplainable reasons, it tasted horrible today. Like swapping the sugar with the salt. I can´t concentrate. What's up with John? Again he looked over to me for a moment, what does he want from me? Maybe John will look at me often, but I did not notice. Maybe that´s something friend do. But why is it only now that I notice? My head hurts. I lay awake all night. Because of him. I can not do this anymore. I need help. But there´s no one who will understand me. Only…. the only person whose mind is as complex as my own. I actually consider considering asking my brother for advice. How did I get to this point? I would never, never really ask my brother for advice. But what´s when this is the only way?
At first he looks, but now he just looks at me smiling. He knows the solution. Does he? What if not? What should I do then? "I thought that would happen sometime, Brother mine.
I'm bored. SH I am working.
"Yes, he had sex. He described it as beautiful, very soulful and ... "
"But John. I want more. You're welcome…" John was at the end. "Good as you wish, my angel." "But not here, okay? You're damn irresistible, how could I ever turn you down? But there is something very important ... " The elder grabbed the detective like a bride and carried him into the bedroom. He put Sherlock down on the bed and sat down. "If you do not like something, then let me know, okay? If it hurts or ... "
He whispered to him. Sherlock calmed down quickly. He looked up at John and wiped the tears from his face with one hand.
"Is that okay?" He asked pointing to Sherlock's waistband, which he wanted to open. "Yes, please. You're welcome. You're welcome." Again, her lips met. Passionate. Wilder. John opened his pants. Sherlock was already tough. "That looks different than usual, John. Is it good?" "Yes darling, everything is good. Pscht ... watch out. "They kissed softly.
John smiled. "If you want that sweetie." And for the first time in a long while they kissed. John a lot with Sherlock back on the bed. They kissed repeatedly. John took off his shirt and later he lost his pants. He kissed his little one's neck down. He sucked it and left dark stains. Everyone should see who he belongs to. The boy moaned and clawed his skin. "Daddy, I missed you so much the whole day."
There was a smile on Sherlock's lips.
We were there. I´m afraid. What is if he is laughing at me?I made my way to the door. The bell was cold when my finger touched it. I heard footsteps and the door was opened. Mycroft stared at me in shock, but also amused. "Brother mine, what brings you to me, may I ask you to come in ?" "Yes, I can not go on ..." ".... and then you come to me? Since when do you need my advice?" Slowly I went in with him.
I love you, please come home.
“Sit.” John said pushing the boy onto the couch in the main room.
He hadn’t been answered. He had asked a question and Sherlock hadn’t answered him. That was nothing new from Sherlock. The Sherlock that had jumped.This was his Sherlock. A Sherlock Holmes that was his to have and hold and make and break. His Sherlock would answer his questions.
His Sherlock gave a small smile looking unsure if he was allowed to speak on not. John chuckled and sat up. He secured Sherlock's ankles to the floor with the chain he had used before and released the mans hands. His Sherlock sat up and imedeatly moved to touch johns shoulder. The soft, hesitant touch amused John. He took the mans hand in his and pressed a kiss to the fingers.
This letter was among my brothers personal affects. I am not sure if he had intended me to find it, however since you have refused to return to 221B I have taken the liberty of sifting through Sherlock's belongings. It seemed his wishes were for you to have this last letter. I have included several other items he left to you. His coat, phone and magnifying lens. His last wishes were for you to have them. I wish you the very best.
John let the boy fall onto the floor as he set down the packs on a large table that was once used in an office. The wall he was facing was teen yards across and filled with pictures and notes in Sherlocks elegant and illegible hand. String and thread of different colors wove its way back and forth in a map of webs. One connected to the other and all connected to a single hand drawn picture at the top. Moriarty. John had spent days looking and charting that wall when he had first found Sherlocks bolt hole. It was an old paper factory that had been abandoned ages ago. Sherlock had some how got his hands on it and now the whole thing belonged to john.
“Are you a virgin?” John could have burst with happiness as the silently weeping head nodded again.
Every thing is hard. Breathing is painful. You were always there to fix me. I don’t think you can fix me anymore. I know you never wanted me, not like I wanted you. That’s not the point. No one has ever been able to stand being around me for more than a week. You stayed and for that I will always be in your debt. I may not make it out of this tonight. My fault. Punishment for what I have become. If this is the last time I get to say it. Goodbye John.
"Was I not good? I can be better. You don't need someone else. I'll be better." His Sherlock clutched at him. A similar terror etched into his face. He pulled John away from the chair and tried to crush their mouths together. John pulled away. He was unsure. What was this? Why was his Sherlock suddenly so...unsure. Why so desperate.
The doctor felt his arm connect with Greg's nose. He let the pained wail satisfy him that it was truly broken. Blood on the floor of molly's morgue dully registered on johns mind as a bad thing. It registered as death, blood on the pavement meant death. Sherlock was dead and he had never told the him that john loved...
Almost done.
Molly was kneeling next to him as he had apparently fallen and pressed his back against the island work surface.
“I wanted to come back. I had to come back. So I changed the color of my eyes, easy enough if you know how.”
"Please. I'll be good." His Sherlock whispered in to his ear. His hands shook as he unbuttoned johns shirt. However his Sherlock kept at it until his could kiss his way down. John let him. John let his Sherlock kneel on the floor and pull him out of his trousers. Those sinful lips kissed his shaft and took him in. John let his head fall back and he let out a grown of utter ecstasy. He didn't remember closing his eyes, but when they opened he saw his young Sherlock bound to a chair looking on in what could only be described as envious agony. Truly envious of the pleasure John was receiving, but in agony about that very fact. The cage John had fitted him with was indeed what some would call cruel. It was tight and spiked. Perfect and just what he wanted. John grinned at the his boy and let his fingers wander down. He gripped the perfect hair and used it to set a quick pace. More so he could feel the tightest suction sherlocks mouth could provide
“That’s not fair.”
"What do you want John?"
“OH sweet. I wasn’t going to hurt you. I just wanted a nice clean knife so I can get you naked for me. Now make it quick before I decide you need to be taught how to follow orders.” John could have cum with the gasping sob that broke his Sherlock. How his shoulders slumped and feet kicked. How the tears stopped, but the shaking grew. The pink tongue darted out and wet the red lips, Then curled up to swipe along the flat of the blade. John was enthralled by the sight before him. The knife reflecting the terror his Sherlock was going through. How his own blood and tears stained the sweet lips. Again and again Sherlock lapped at the blade cleaning it till it shone silver again.
the fourth letter
what do you think.
I killed again today. To keep my cover I had to kill him. He was a low level drug dealer with no family or connections. He was stealing from his suppliers and he read your blog. I cut his throat and used the body to prove I could be trusted. He was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. He had blond hair. It reminded me of you. I miss you john.
“Sherlock had blue eyes.” He growled letting all his hate and despair show in the few words.
“It may be uncomfortable at first and a bit of a stretch, but I promise you it wont hurt.” John loved this Sherlock. This Sherlock was so sweet and afraid. He just wanted to gather him up and hide him away from all the evils of the world.
I was infiltrating the second ring of that arms dealer i was looking into in France. I had to make up a tragic back story. It was rather pathetic to tell you the truth. I used your name. Not Watson. As you repeatedly told me, your blog has a far larger readership than i had imagined. Told them John was the name of my brother. The brother I had lost because I was poor and didn’t have enough money to pay for his TB treatment. I know. I can imagine the look on your face. It would have made you laugh. I have to go now.
“Tell me what you want and I promise I will give it to you and more.” John stood at the head of the bed and slid his fingers under the unsteady chin.
Hi, soooooo I'm a price of shit, but life is kind of like that too. So here is a new chapter. I'm sorry it took me so long.
A letter from Mycroft
“Well me and Greg have gone on a few drinks, but until his divorce comes through he refuses to do anything else. He really is a gentleman. I’ve never had that before. I mean besides… John?”
"Sherlock." John whispered
“Greg shut up.”
“You look tired. How much sleep have you been getting.”
“Yes I’m yours.” The beautiful lips quivered as john claimed them. He could taste blood and iron and fear. Inch by inch john made his way across the skin below him and cleaned it of blood and gore. He had always expected Sherlock to have sensitive nipples, and was disappointed to find he was wrong. He didn’t let that stop him from lavishing attention on the sweet pink nubs. John ground his hard cock in sherlock’s clothed legs. The friction set his nerves on fire. He could have cum like that, with Sherlock writhing underneath him in a way that made his own grinding all the more pleasurable. Instead he pulled himself up and away from the bed. He stood there for a long time simply looking at the beautiful creation in his bed.
“Oh God John, I’m sorry. Of course I’m glad to see. We missed you. We were worried about you.” John smiles at her. She was exactly the same as when Sherlock fell, all the best parts of their companionship. Like a time bubble made flesh.
Sherlock Holmes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You are mine.” John whispered as he memorized sherlock’s body with lips and teeth. Sherlock.
John licked his lips as the boy struggle in his bondage. Unintintionaly fucking himself harder on the cold silocon cock. The cute little cock had been put in a new cage. How the boy had struggled when john pulled it out from behind his back. The small cage had spikes instaled on it as well as being only two inchs long. The boys cock had twitched and jumped when john held ice directly on his balls so he could get the thing on. John would have loved to have that moment played on a loop so his boy could see how perfect he was desperate and wanting.
Yours sincerely
“Well like I said we’re not dating or anything like that, but I can’t imagine it not getting there. Like I said when the divorce goes through. She really was a horrible woman and treated Greg like dirt. But he...”
There is blood on everywhere. The man is dead. His name was Alan. He told me everything I needed to know, but at that point it seemed kinder to put him out of his misery. You would not be proud of me john. You would hate me for what I have done to night. I hate myself for what I have done. It’s not the screams that make turn away. Not the blood and bile. It was better than any drug john. I felt so alive. Every sense was on fire. I could see everything john, I could hear the last beat of his heart. I’m sorry.
“I’ll be him. I can be him.”
The pain killers they have in Mexico are wonderful. Even the black market has a surprising selection. Mycroft always said I was at my most sentimental when high. I’m starting to believe him. I shouldn't be writing this now. I should wait until the drugs are out of my system. I have never loved anyone in my life john, but I love you. I think you should know that. I don’t know why you should know. You don’t love me and that hurts. I’m sorry that I left you, but I would rather die than see you harmed. I’m starting to hope that I never see you again, just so that I never have to face the fact that you will never feel the same about me. I’m so close to ending this drug ring, but I’m not sure what it will cost.
"Ill help for molly. I'll help for Sherlock. This is professional. Don't try to make it anything its not." John watched the hope die from the Directive inspectors eyes and knew he was understood
I wanted heroin after I killed him. I had thee needle in my hand when I thought of you. I new how disgusted you would b with me. How many times have we seen someone murdered over a few grams of powder. It wasn’t that I killed him for the drugs, but I wanted them. I needed them. I needed them because for a moment it looked like I had killed you. I’m clean. I promise. I miss you John.
“Tell me what you want.” The great big brown eyes looked up at him. He really didn’t care if there was fear or love in them anymore. They were his and Sherlock would never leave him again. “Tell me.” He was soft and calm and yet in his heart a fire burned. He wanted Sherlock in every way imaginable. Wanted to hold him tight an he slid his cock in that virgin ass. He wanted too see Sherlock scream his name when he pushed toys into him. Sherlock would beg for mercy when john got his hands on a vibrator. John could almost see how Sherlock would crawl to him. How he would tremble with a plug just a bit to big up his ass. John would hold him down and fuck him till Sherlock was nothing more than a whimpering mess. The look in his eyes must have told his Sherlock something of what was in his mind for the dark haired man started to cry and pull at his bonds. He looked up at john with imploring eyes mouthing words that would never be spoken. John felt a cruel smile grace is mouth. He knew just what this was. He may be slower to the point than Sherlock but now he understood. His Sherlock was his. This dark haired man was his to take and break and build back up into whatever he pleases. It pleased him to make Sherlock come back to life. He no longer need these delusions of spinning arms and bloody locks disappearing. He knew that cold dead eyes would never open and look at him. He could have Sherlock. Now and tomorrow and for however long he liked. He could have a many Sherlocks as he wanted. One to scream and one to love and one to hate.
I looked over at him. He just sat in the chair, only his dark blue dressing gown covering him and his beautiful, dark curls ... "Is anything?" I stared at him, stunned. "I can not concentrate if you watch me, look elsewhere." "Uh, sorry." My eyes returned to the newspaper. Yes, I literally hid behind it. Damn it was embarrassing. I would like to sink in the ground. My cheeks were getting warmer, if not hot. I should distract myself. However, there was hardly anything interesting in the newspaper.
Yes, daddy. SH
But daddy.SH
Sherlock nodded shyly. "Then another punishment awaits you. You know the rules and I warned you. I'll be back soon. "
My thoughts were full. I was in the park, it was way too cold outside. I was in a coffee, but the cake did not taste. Now I'm in the cinema. The movie is not really interesting. I just randomly took one. I did not understand the action anyway. Maybe because something else took my mind completely. Only 2 minutes left. Then I could finally go. Then I could go home. Hopefully Sherlock is back. I do not want to worry again. I worry all the time. It's certainly already dark outside. I looked at screen one last time. There was a happy ending. The two were kissing each other. This kiss. At that moment, it shot like lightning through me.
Sherlock cried. He should have heard. That he is tied here, he does not care, may still come many punishments, it does not matter. He just does not want to be that Daddy is mad at him. Hot tears run down his cheeks. If only he had heard. John was still at the door. He heard Sherlock cry. It hurt at his heart. But the boy needed it. It just could not be otherwise. He would hurry now, he did not want to leave him there too long.
Sherly screamed. John did not like doing that himself. It was different when they did that during sex, it was nice, increased the passion. 5 more strokes. The butt was already red. The last blow and everything were over.
"That is in me too, right? It feels so hot and I do not know, I like it. I do not want it to run out. " Sherlock's cheeks were rosy and his hair was tangled, some stuck to his forehead. And yet he looked so damned innocent. "I'm still in you honey. Nothing happens. Oh, you were so good. " "Then stay there please. Stay in me. At least until I sleep. " "OK. Darling. "He kissed him lovingly. "Then sleep my angel, I love you"
John opened the door. On Sherlock's skin a slight goose bumps formed.
pov.John
"What?"
"Do you understand me?" "Yes / Yes." "Okay, let's take those pants off now. And these too. " Wild kissing and undressed they threw themselves back on the bed. Hands drove over body. John did not regret his decision for a second.
It was cold outside. The wind was blowing through the streets and it had been raining for hours. Although it was afternoon it was already dark. John was still in the doctor’s office, but it should not be long before he gets home.
I knelt down in front of him. My heart was still beating so loud. I hope he does not wake up. I looked at him. Yes, I wanted to kiss him. Now. Slowly, I put my lips on his. I had never kissed anyone. But now I wondered why. His lips touch mine, they were very warm. God I´m in heaven. It was so tender and soft. I could melt.
John left.
„Sherlock you need to speak to me. What is your problem?“ I stared at him. „It´s… it´s complicated. I...“ „I can´t help you if you don´t speak to me, little brother.“ I shivered slightly. „It´s because of John… I can not concentrate anymore when I'm near him. I have to think of him all the time. And I get so hot when he looks at me. It´s so confusing. I… I don´t know what to do…“
"Answer the question."
I want a clear mind. I stood up. I put on something decent and stripped my coat. „Where are you going?“, John asked me. „I go… away.“ I was really out of the apartment, I need a clear head. I almost stumbled on the stairs. Once outside, the cold air immediately fell around me. My breath froze. Luckily I did not have to wait long and got a taxi. I quickly sat down. The ride was quiet, but something bothered me. My eyes were burning. I stroked her cheek, she was wet. Why should I do that now ...? I quickly wiped all the tears from my face. I smiled slightly at the thought of what John would say if he could see me like this. I could feel like a normal person. I sighed. John. I told the taxi driver he should stop. After I got out and paid. I want to walk along the Thames. It was cold. I forgot my scarf. It is at John. I need to think about something else.
"John, bring me my tea.", I heard Sherlock behind me, "Can’t you do something yourself?", annoyed, I gave him his cup. "Just take a break, you worked the whole night through, that's not very healthy." The big detective just looked at me amused, "A break my dear docter? I can’t stop now, I'm about to solve the case." I just rolled my eyes and sat back on the sofa and peacefully reading my newspaper. I was really worried about him, this case was pretty busy, almost more than many others. He refuses my help. He didn’t sleep, he didn’t eat and he barely spoke to me. He only uses his soft, dark voice to treat me like his servant. „Bring me my tea“, „Just give me that document“. I was tired of it.
sweater, his one hand on his crotch. He is already hard. A slight blush creeps on John's cheeks. Hopefully, it will not notice any of the nurses or any of the patients. He must work a bit, that's a good thing, he has to let Sherlock fidget a bit. Whether Sherlock can behave?
"So we have sex now?" "Sherlock, yes," he grinned from ear to ear.
"Gilbert thought it was great."
No matter where I was. I just thought about him.
"Darling, you know I said no. No means ... Sherly what are you doing there? " This rubbed over John's bulge, which was clearly visible through the pants. "It's the same with you, John. Is that a good thing? "He rubbed Johns at his own pace. Damn it. The boy was good. And damn hot and John can never resist him. "No, we can not."
I can´t think about something else. Should I answer? I typed in my answer. I put it out again. I can not write that. I typed again.
.“ He held me firmer.
He hugged me gently with his hand, which he used to do when I was a kid, when I was I cried, "How can that be?" I asked him My voice was not firm and strong anymore But here I felt safe and secure "You have to find out for yourself" he whispered to me. I like John. Maybe I like him more, maybe I like him a really lot, maybe… I was getting tired in his arms, I just wanted to sleep, one last thought had room. John.
"You have no idea what you are doing. We've talked about it a million times already. "
And that was one of those moments again.
Sherlock then sank only deeper into the sea, only his brown curls were visible and whispered something incomprehensible. The older man had already made some space by now and snuggled up beside his partner. "What did you say?". "I said," there he was again, "there are seven. Seven other pillows. Not fifteen. "" Good. Then there are seven other pillows and not fifteen. That does not explain where they're from. "" I ordered them. "Sherlock pointed to the kitchen behind him. There were exactly seven boxes on the table. "I need some boxes, it's really important. For an experiment. "
Then come and help me. SH
I typed in:
Timidly, he kissed Sherlock's neck. He left a few dark spots and his fingers stroked the delicate nipples. Sherlock almost lost his mind. "Please John, do something. It's so hot... ah inside of me. " "Everything will be alright, sweetheart. Wait." From the bedside table he got lube, spread it on his fingers and let it get a little warm. "That may hurt something now. But everything is alright? I'm here, "he whispered. The younger one just nodded, he was breathing fast, he was so excited. With a finger, John stroked the entrance. "Relax yourself." Kissing, he tried to distract Sherlock as he entered. The first finger was fine, but the second one hurt. The detective grimaced slightly, breathing faster, and scared. He tried to calm down. John does that well. Sherlock trusts him. After a while it got better and a third finger came along. "You're doing so well. You made it soon. It will be so beautiful, trust me. I love you."
He kissed Sherlock. "You're unbelievable. But another question: Are you tired? I'd like to try something new, so only when you're ready. " "I'm not tired."
"Then sleep my little prince."
John was busy. Really. New patients have just arrived. However, the practice is not far from home. He could ...
"Oh please, take me. Ram your big cock in my tight, wet hole, Daddy. Please, "Sherlock laughed.
John knew that there was nothing worse for his kid than rejection. "Come over my knees." Sherlock looked at him sadly but followed the instructions of a daddy. John did not want to overdo it and, above all, quickly get over it. "15 beatings, you do not have to count." His hand quickly shot to the pale skin.
I could have screamed it all over the cinema. I love Sherlock Holmes. Terrified by such a statement, I got up. Everyone else was still sitting, watching the credits. I had to get out of here. Sherlock is …cold. This love will never, never be returned. Almost in panic, I ran out of the cinema. It was cold outside. It took me a few minutes to calm down. My heart beat. It hit way too fast. If I go back to Bakerstreet now ... Okay. John Watson You have been abandoned by many women, your heart has been broken too often. That's what you survive now too. The thought was good, unworkable, but good. I was on my way home now, it was already dark.
God. That sounds very dump.
"Okay, do you trust me?"
„Than please…kiss me again.“
Sherlock had stopped crying now. He smiled as John entered the room. He kept his face and stared back blankly. "All right?" He asked. The younger one nodded. The cuffs were released, Sherlock's arms immediately closed around John. However, this urged him back. "There's a punishment waiting for you, you know that."
"I ... I'm sorry Daddy."
Pov. John
I looked at the clock. It was now 2 o'clock in the morning. I should go home now. John. Yes, John is definitely home. I slowly got up and took my clothes. Outside, I closed the door. On the way I got something to eat and clarified by phone Lestrade on the solution of the case. Unfortunately, I was there at some point. At the Bakerstreet. My heart was racing. I felt it beating all over my body.
Slowly he stroked Sherlock's shaft. This groaned several times into the kiss. "Please John ... again ... more please." His hand was getting faster and he was already hard. However, now only Sherlock counted. That was important. "Please John. Let's have sex! " John stopped.
"No. It was immense, had burning red eyes and it was glowing, John. Its whole body was glowing." Sherlock shuddered, shook his head and turned to walk towards the car with John trailing after him.
"Where is my purple dress shirt? I've looked everywhere for it and I can't find it." Sherlock asked irritated and John raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms.
"So?" John asked.
“Look I just assumed you’d prefer my
That was why he and Mycroft had convened after the Irene Adler incident, they both knew by that point, Moriarty and his network had to be put down because as long as he lived Sherlock and, by default, John and the baby would always be in danger and Sherlock couldn’t keep letting that happen. Sometimes Sherlock wished he had never met John, never started making connections and friends, never started caring for anyone else but himself, just remained isolated and uncaring because if he was still that man then this, leaving everything behind, wouldn’t be so hard but then he would look at John, maybe sitting in his chair reading the paper and idly stroking a hand over his growing stomach or lying beside him in their bed and chastise himself for thinking such thoughts.
"As much as I would love to keep going, we do have an appointment at Baskerville." Sherlock husked.
hard to bear but in the end it was the moment where John stood over ‘
"No, No, No, sorry
"Shit!" Sherlock choked out and jumped up to go after his friend, yes, that’s right, John
"You’re right, you are being punished." Sherlock said smugly before leaning down and giving John a filthy kiss that rubbed John in all the wrong ways right now, when Sherlock drew back he was chuckling.
“I’ve missed you so much. I don’t know how I’m going to get through this John, a month and a half away from you and I’m already falling apart.” Sherlock whispered, he didn’t get a reply, he didn’t expect one but John still leaned his head into Sherlock’s gentle touch making the Alpha smile sadly. Sherlock didn’t know how long he stood there stroking John’s hair and losing himself in the image of his sleeping mate before a high pitched whine came from the other side of the bed and Sherlock looked up sharply. He had been so caught up with John that he had forgotten about the other person in the room.
“Don’ wanna. Miss you, don’ go.” John mumbled, the pain relievers and exhaustion making him sound drunk.
Army Omega. Delicious.
"Perhaps you should sit down for another minute, John." Sherlock insisted but John shook his head and put one foot forward, prompting Sherlock to do the same with a sigh of resignation. One step at a time and with Sherlock holding tightly to his blogger, they made it out of the pool and into a cab, as soon as Sherlock had told the cabbie the address John had slumped in his seat and passed out. Sherlock phoned Lestrade to tell him what had happened and that there was still a bomb sitting in the swimming pool, the DI assured him that he would head over to retrieve it with the bomb squad and that he’d search for any evidence for Moriarty. Sherlock knew there would be none.
"Are we in trouble ‘
Sherlock, am I going to have to find another Alpha to do that or will you man up and give me your knot?!" John snarled into Sherlock’s growling face, the curly haired Alpha was practically frothing at the mouth by the end of John’s little speech and gave a terrifying roar, flipping John over to mount and thrust into him until his knot pressed against John’s spread pucker causing the Omega to scream in pleasure.
"Yes, yes, of course, sorry. Please, come in." He stood aside and Sherlock walked in followed by a blank faced John. John lagged a bit when he noticed the size and style of the house and he glanced at Henry curiously.
! He was
"Yeah?" John asked confused and Sherlock pulled it back to place dots between the letters.
condition." Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John and nodded for him to continue, he gave a loud, gravely groan when John bent his head slightly to bury his face in Sherlock’s hard crotch.
He owed Sherlock a fall...
"We forgot a condom y’know." Sherlock huffed amused at John and wrapped himself around the man who was now laying on his chest.
"Footprints. On the exact spot my father was torn apart." Sherlock huffed exasperated and sat back in his seat and here he thought there may have been something a little bit interesting.
"Just ... just a minute. You saw what?" John questioned sitting forward and finally taking in Sherlock’s appearance. The man was pale, shaking and covered in sweat, a thick cover of it pooling in the dip between his collarbones and there was an odd bitterness in his scent that John had never smelled before.
have!" He looked up at Sherlock and asked frantically but Sherlock pressed him back against his chest and held him tight, placing a soothing kiss on top of John’s head.
and he’d be lost without him. Sherlock took the stairs up to their room two at a time, panicking that John might’ve grabbed his things, might just leave Sherlock all alone but when he burst through the door calling out John’s name, only the silence greeted him.
"Sorry, bit of a problem with one of the kegs. How can I help?" Greg gave an internal sigh of relief and flashed his badge, asking to speak with the owner in private. Billy’s face went an interesting shade of green and he called out for Gary who came over and after looking at the DI invited him back into a sitting room. Sherlock went to follow the DI, violent intentions swirling around in his head but was stopped when John reached out and grabbed his arm.
John and their child so he could keep them safe. Perhaps that was what would keep him alive for now; if he couldn’t do this
"Er, sorry, so you
As if sensing Sherlock’s inner turmoil, John chose that moment to shift in his sleep and let his head fall onto Sherlock’s shoulder, he rubbed his face against the boney appendage before settling back down, oblivious to to the cabs movements. Sherlock smiled at John and gently shifted, careful  not to jostle John too much, so he could wrap his arms around John and hold him tight, John just snuffled and buried himself against his new position on Sherlock’s chest, it was bliss. Sherlock could feel John’s hot breaths huffing against the ‘V’ of his shirt and brush against his collar bones, he could smell the woodsy shampoo coming from John’s hair and a scent that was just pure
"You mean you don’t know?!" She cried, horrified. Of course she knew about the baby, Sherlock and John had told her when they got back but swore her and Lestrade to secrecy.
"Besides I know the real reason you hate train travel so much, it’s because you sister lost you on one when you were eight. They make you nervous, the longer the journey, the more nervous you get." Sherlock deduced correctly, if John’s sputtering was anything to go by.
, yes I know John, it’s just me you want, no other man interests you but
have other equipment.
, he’d have to try and be good more often if this was what he got in return. Sherlock nodded and John gave him one last kiss before bouncing off to get a shopping basket, Sherlock breathed for a moment and then proceeded to lift the bags at his feet and head for the door, his instincts were already screaming ‘
"I thought you weren't my house keeper?" He sniped and Mrs. Hudson gave him a firm look.
"Over here. Hey Sherlock you have got to come and see this, it’s so cute." John grinned and then disappeared back around the corner before Sherlock could protest. Sherlock rolled his eyes and marched around to where John was to dump the bags of shopping on the floor before his mate, he opened his mouth to tell John he was leaving to go to Bart’s for a while but stopped when he saw what John held in his hands. It was a miniature version of the cream jumper John had, Sherlock
." Sherlock was already on route but he had to keep John talking, one, so he knew the outcome of his experiment and two, he couldn’t bear it if John had a panic attack because of him.
"I mean, I hadn’t been to the Hollow, so how come I heard those things in there?
"He’ll be fine soon, he’s basically going through heat symptoms in fast forward but once he starts sweatin’ and his scent changes he’ll be over the worst and probably start talking, it’s just that he’s a bit... delirious right now what with his body changing so quickly in preparation for his Alpha." This relaxed Sherlock a bit but his eyes still never left John’s form rubbing itself against the bed sheets.
"I still don’t see why we’re bothering with this-"
"Sher-" He started but Sherlock silenced him with a kiss on the lips and whispered against them.
in John was bloody affronted at the little shit’s forwardness.
"Too much time with Sherlock much? Do us a favour John and don’t tell him, you know what he’s like." Lestrade pleaded when he saw the other Alpha approaching.
Thanks to those urges Sherlock could do this sort of thing with John whenever he wanted, he could kiss and stroke and...
"Henry, it’s time to take you home." John coxed gently but Henry didn’t look at him, his eyes were still locked on the minefield.
Or the phone call with John when he had ordered him to stay put and watch him fall after telling his Omega that the call was his note.
"But I-"
"Well that was
"Obviously. Suppose they just couldn’t bring themselves to do it." John answered before tucking in to his breakfast and Sherlock nodded and made a face of false understanding.
"Clearly." John snorted and started kissing up Sherlock’s body from his hip up to his lips, they shared a lazy kiss until John couldn’t hold himself up anymore.
"Yes, I know but I will be fine John, now here take my card; something tells me this will be expensive." John couldn’t hold back his excitement when Sherlock pulled out his wallet and he took the card gratefully before launching himself onto Sherlock for a filthy snog making Sherlock moan and his eyes roll back in his head. They kissed for a good five minutes before John pulled back to reveal a small string of saliva connecting their lips, Sherlock just about popped one when John licked it up and whispered against his lips.
"Yeah." Sherlock smirked and tipped up John’s head to look up at him.
"It’s fine." No it wasn’t.
"Oh... I... I was just about to say." Henry murmured pointing to the television and drawing Sherlock from his thoughts once again.
John didn’t know how long he sat there on his knees in the back of the 4x4 and to be honest, he didn’t much care either, Sherlock would just have to wait, he had to understand
." Sherlock snarled out at the end of his rant, John swallowed and stared at Sherlock then looked away and cleared his throat.
was John’s.
are you here?" Sherlock gave an expectant expression.
John could see the man didn’t understand and decided this was an argument for another day, there was a more important issue about this that they had to address.
playing that again." He stated firmly, Sherlock gave him a questioning look.
go home and shag John so much that he never thought about shopping again but before he could put down the bags in his right hand to do that, John dragged him into
of course he wasn’t that’d be ridiculous!
"Time for breakfast don’t you think? You haven’t eaten properly for days and you’re pregnant now so you’ll have to eat as soon as possible to ensure the child gets their nutrients to start growing." He ordered and John, too happy from the news that he was pregnant with Sherlock’s child and that Sherlock wanted the baby nodded in agreement and stood to get dressed. He winced though when he finally noticed how sticky he was and at the feeling of dried up come between his cheeks and then he remembered his reason for going in the bathroom in the first place was to get supplies to treat his and Sherlock’s wounds, he knew Sherlock’s inner Alpha wasn’t going to like him postponing breakfast but some things were necessary in life.
"Or a genetic experiment?" He teased and looked away hiding his amusement, clearly not well enough though as Henry still saw it and took on a hurt look.
"Look, we were just trying to give things a bit of a boost, you know? A great big dog run wild up on the moor – it was heaven-sent. It was like us having our own Loch Ness Monster." Gary said trying to appeal to Lestrade, trying to explain but the DI just looked appalled.
"Well then the
"I heard you were in the area. What are you up to? You after this ‘
"Mm." Was Sherlock’s response so John flicked again.
"I don’t have friends. I’ve just got
John then maybe doing it
?" John shook his head, this man could be absolutely terrible sometimes; pity the man in question didn’t really care.
“You know it’s a terrible thing, I’ve been in here with you nearly an hour and I don’t even know your name.” Sherlock whispered to her as he laid his sleeping daughter back down into the warm comfort of her blankets, a little snore that made Sherlock smile was his only answer. Once he was sure his daughter was settled into her temporary bed he checked the name on the side.
No more annoying Beta and Alpha females. No more ‘
the British government, I reckon we’ve got about twenty minutes before they realize something’s wrong." John just flipped him the ‘V’ and tilted his head back.
"Should’ve known, you’d know… How do you know that by the way?" John pouted and Sherlock grinned at him.
John." And then he dropped his head to snog the shit out of poor sleepy John. Sherlock got a feeling he was going to like this heat thing after all.
"Are you wearing any pants?" John asked lowly.
comment and-
biology.
“Are you finished lurking then little brother? May we get on with our work?” Mycroft drawled causing Sherlock to growl at him as he slid into the back of the car beside him.
"But that wasn’t what
On the other hand, John could be
"Sherlock, I’m not-"
. God knows he loved John and all of his instincts screamed at him to stay close and protect his pregnant mate but he couldn’t do
of that was unforgivable, bruises faded whether they were visible or not and John was always assured that even if their relationship didn’t progress into something deeper, he’d always have this brilliant, gorgeous man’s friendship.
Everything was
"No." He said and Sherlock snarled at him, Alpha pride bruised at the Omega's disobedience and all of a sudden Sherlock's biological instincts were telling him to flip his John on his belly and sink his teeth into that tender skin at the back of the neck to assert his dominance, but John wasn't
"Bet?" He addressed John but Sherlock ignored him and just kept going, looking at his watch.
’ grave and begged him not to be dead, to come home to him and their unborn child that almost broke him.
"Back with me then?" John asked hoarsely and the corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched.
who John’s Alpha was. Sherlock had never been given a more perfect gift.
"Jesus Christ... It was the hound, Sherlock. It was here. I swear it, Sherlock. It must..." Sherlock stood up and reached for the terrified Omega.
"I’m the only Alpha you’ll ever have again! Do you hear me John?! NO MORE ALPHAS!!!" Sherlock roared, thrusting in and of John rapidly, his knot pressing against John with every thrust but not quite penetrating him yet.
"Get me some." He snarled again but John held his ground and in fact made a counter argument against the Alpha’s demand, making Sherlock have to work just that little bit harder to supress his instinct to dominate.
be proof." John could feel Sherlock’s smug stare at the back of his head but he ignored it in favour of comforting his new friend.
"Are you all right?" Sherlock asked worriedly and wasn’t expecting the flying leap John took from the back of the cage into Sherlock’s arms, knocking him on his arse, nor was he expecting the desperate kiss John planted on his lips before the man launched himself back onto his feet to start pacing and panicking.
"Got any better ideas?" Sherlock asked John and the truth was no. He didn’t.
’ isn’t that the expression? The only true freedom." He answered softly, John nodded and a silence fell over them again, John closed his eyes for a moment and when they opened he moved as if to speak but Henry had returned by then.
"Do you know why that is?" Sherlock asked and Billy looked at him surprised.
"What’s wrong John?" The man’s eyes stayed locked to the door.
"Thank you very much Henry! I’ll put a call in tomorrow to have Dr. Frankland’s work looked over, have a pleasant walk home!" Sherlock called over his shoulder, still pushing and tugging a protesting John towards the jeep sitting just beyond the trees.
"Thank you! Thank you! Thank you...! You... wonderful... sexy... gorgeous... genius of a man.... I’m having your baby!" Sherlock was just about to suggest another way that John could thank him when an embarrassing rumble sounded from the pregnant man’s belly making Sherlock’s protective instincts kicked in.
"Sherlock before we go downstairs I’d like to sort out these bites and scratches and have a shower, I feel bloody disgusting." Sherlock who had just got to his feet growled at John but conceded, he too needed a shower, he was certain there was come in the back of his hair. He was mollified somewhat when John grinned at him and gave him a kiss before he bounded off back to the destroyed bathroom followed by an unusually happy Sherlock and why shouldn’t he be happy?
John being the good little Omega he was, sensed his Alpha wanted more and pressed back against Sherlock, rolling his hips rhythmically. He wouldn’t be able to take penetration until his heat officially began and he started lubricating but he could still get Sherlock off like this, besides Sherlock’s knot wouldn’t be ready at this stage either. John whimpered at the thought of Sherlock fucking him and knotting him and the Alpha in question, who was now bearing down on John with hard fast thrusts of his hips, reached a hand around to John’s crotch to stroke him at the same time he started to suck and lick against the back of John’s neck, not once releasing the hold his teeth had.
of him,
"Well, he's in a pretty bad way. He’s manic, totally convinced there’s some mutant, super dog roaming the moors..." John informed as he sat down and Sherlock tensed, looking at John stiffly from the corner of his eye.
The End
When Sherlock was up to John’s waist he slowly reached out a hand again and laid it softly on one of John’s, the former soldier whimpered and squeezed his eyes shut. Sherlock just held his hand there until John sensed there was no danger from it and opened his eyes again, this time they were slightly more focused like John was there but in deep thought. The tall detective took this as a sign to bend over and place his lips at John’s ear, he whispered soothing nonsense like ‘
and 2) I thought you two would appreciate a lift back to London rather than a train journey." John nodded and thanked the man; he really did
"Oi! Your fella ran out of here about an hour ago, he looked awfully upset, I wouldn’t worry though, he looked as if he was heading up to the ‘
"Why haven't I noticed these effects before?" Sherlock asked embarrassed, he hadn't meant to upset John, really he hadn't. He just hated all this Alpha/Omega biology shit.
"Glowing?"
A pleased rumble by his ear brought John back from his internal panic and he kept absolutely still when Sherlock dropped his head and rubbed his cheek against John’s, ‘
"Hush darling, it’s ok, I’m not going anywhere." Sherlock whispered against John’s lips and then pulled back again to slide his jacket from his shoulders and toss it on the coffee table, John licked his lips and moaned, realising why Sherlock had pulled away from him and let his hand drift down to palm himself through his clothes. Sherlock let out a moan of his own and dove forward again, grabbing John’s face and slamming their lips together again. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and twisted them around to guide them both through the kitchen and to Sherlock’s bedroom, they were frantic by this point, ripping clothes of each other and slamming each other up against counters and the fridge, chemicals and test tubes fell to the floor smashing and spilling God knows what on the lino but they didn’t
"There’s one other thing we have to do before we go home first, love." Sherlock leaned in close to John, eyes narrowed and a low growl vibrating in his chest.
it... well most of them anyway.
"Where do you keep it?" He asked and Gary looked away, resigned.
?" Mycroft sniffed and John could hear the Beta’s trademark smugness over the phone, it almost made him roll his eyes but instead the Doctor let out a squeak all when he felt Sherlock’s hand grab his arse and slapped the man on the chest.
"U.M.Q.R.A. wasn’t it?" Well Sherlock had started with it so he may as well go with it, Sherlock started to think of what it might be and started trying out different sounds to it but John shut him down telling him it was nothing, unable to think of any handy tricks, Sherlock went for an attempt at humour.
If there was one thing on this planet that Sherlock hated above all else it was
"YES! YES! RIGHT THERE JOHN! YES!" Sherlock screamed when John’s cock pounded against his prostate, he was so close and His cock was being rubbed so deliciously between their bellies that he didn’t even need to touch himself, he could just keep pawing at lovely, gorgeous, amazing John, who jumped behind Moriarty and told Sherlock to run, who was screaming Sherlock’s name right now and coming hard and hot deep inside him. Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he came harder than he’d ever come in his life, so hard that it splattered against his and John’s chin, so hard that he stopped breathing for a full thirty seconds and so hard that his vision went black and he passed out, trembling and twitching beneath a panting John.
"I hurt everywhere and my arse is full of your cock and come... I’m bloody fantastic!" John giggled like he was high and Sherlock joined in with him. Once their giggles had abated Sherlock dipped his head down to give John a through but gentle kiss which was returned just as enthusiastically.
"Sir, Major Barrymore won’t be pleased, sir. He’ll want to see you both." Lyons said, now addressing John and completely ignoring Sherlock, which was just as well seeing as how he was having a hard time, no pun intended, controlling his arousal at John's little display, Sherlock swallowed hard and his eyes shuddered in an effort to keep open, what was wrong with him? Why did he keep reacting to John?
"What’s up with you all of a sudden?" Sherlock, who had just started the car, sighed and turned off the ignition.
"Why?" Sherlock wasn’t so pleased, why should John, his John, need anything from another Alpha, detective inspector or not. John looked at him with that ‘
"I dunno." Sherlock answered laying his head on John’s shoulder, John turned his head to the side and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s soft curls, making the man smile and snuggle in further to John’s side.
"There’s an old mineshaft. It’s not too far. It was all right there." Gary confessed and Sherlock chose that moment to jump in after picking up on a key word.
"No, well, I wasn’t to know you’d already been exposed to the gas."
Sherlock had stomped into the bathrooms, unwilling to wait for John, who was taking far too long by the way. It was the stupid Omega’s fault anyway Sherlock snarled in his mind as he changed his bottoms. When the pissed off Alpha had been doing up his belt he’d caught a whiff of John’s scent on his shirt and promptly dropped his chin down to sniff at it gently.
What he couldn’t of known though was that Sherlock had be particularly bored during the night and had decided to pop down to Bart’s earlier that morning to get some knew experimental test subjects from Molly and in all the excitement of finally having a case, had forgotten to re-refrigerate the particular subject he was working on. That was why when John walked into the kitchen still contemplating breakfast he barely managed to hold back the manly yelp rising in his throat.
"Enjoy it?" Sherlock teased and John turned to him with a smirk and a wink.
"I am here because somehow this morning I saw you and your charming husband get into a cab that managed to disappear through a number of streets that have eluded my observation. I was quite concerned for you so I popped ‘round to make sure you were both safe. Where is my lovely brother-in-law anyway Sherlock? Oh do stop snarling brother." Sherlock managed to contain himself and cleared his throat.
' to get cleaned up, almost everyone's nose twitched and their eyes looked towards him, everyone including Fletcher who had migrated into the pub for a beer. Sherlock did take a little pleasure in the glare the little sod had sent his way but it was mostly overshadowed by the embarrassment he felt, if everyone could smell him, then everyone knew he’d lost control, surrendered his intelligence to the primal mind and that was the worst thing that could ever happen to him,
Sherlock hadn’t stopped when John did and he was too busy shaking hands with a man in front of a black 4x4 to notice John wasn't at his side. It wasn't until the man handed the detective the keys to the car that Sherlock noticed John had fallen behind so he turned to look over at him, exasperated.
make coffee." John snorted and Sherlock gave him a hurt expression.
"No, Sherlock, just no. I don’t want to talk about it, I just want to go back to the flat,
"How dare you John, I’m far superior to any ‘
"Did you enjoy yourself then?" He asked when Sherlock twitched, another shot of come shooting form him into John.
!" John shouted when he realized what it was, it was his packet of birth control! He hadn’t taken any since... oh God!
"You from the papers?" He asked, his accent grating on Sherlock’s nerves, he swallowed the urge to growl at the annoying brat and continued on.
"That’s nice. That’s good." John lied and winced again when he took another sip before turning to place it on the mantel behind him, Sherlock watched him like a hawk, and in truth he was a little surprised that John had taken a second sip regardless of Sherlock’s facial expression but then again this was John and John would do almost anything to please him. It made Sherlock feel a little bit guilty about drugging John with tainted sugar but he had to know if his theory was correct.
"Vaguely. It's all very hush hush." John decided and nervously tapped his pen against the pad he was writing on, Sherlock asking about a top secret military army base was bound to make anyone nervous after all.
"Is it?" Sherlock for his part was shocked; he couldn’t believe Lestrade had a first name. How odd. Speaking of the DI, he was shaking his head in
Sherlock closed his eyes and licked his lips, tasting a mixture of himself and John there. He moaned low and John whimpered in return making Sherlock swallow and nudge his nose against John’s, at some point during their kiss, their hips had pressed together and Sherlock could feel John’s hardness pressing against his own. Contrary to popular belief Sherlock did get erections and he did masterbate, quite enthusiastically actually, he just was never interested in sharing a sexual experience with another human being, until now that is. He pressed his hips forward against John’s and his head slipped down to rest on John’s shoulder, John yelped and pressed back, sliding one hand up to pull Sherlock’s hair and the other down to grab his arse.
"Military coup in Uganda?"
"Well I was just... I didn’t know you two were well... I had an idea but you two obviously weren’t together three months ago and well..." Greg made an awkward hand gesture and blushed, looking away again. John knew why he was blushing and it wasn’t because he was with Sherlock now, speaking of the devil, Sherlock’s eyes had narrowed, clearly he had picked up on the one part of that statement that could doom him and Greg.
"Furthermore this doctor is
"I don't know what you’re talking about, I really don't." Mrs. Hudson whimpered and ran out, Sherlock just jumped on his chair and sat with his knees pressed to his chest, John slammed down his paper and leaned forward to try and be as menacing as possible.
"Idiot! Are you trying to tell me that you
"Speak of the Devil..." John sighed and pulled his mobile from his trouser pocket.
.’ John sighed and gestured for Sherlock to stand aside before he strode up to the bar.
"We'll get caught!" John whisper shouted.
"Mm. Yes,
"Are you laughing at me Mr Holmes?" He asked and swallowed, Sherlock looked back at him and smirked, raising his eyebrows.
Sherlock leaped across the room, landing on the bed behind John and dipped his head down catch it with his tongue near John’s knee and licked the slick line all the way back up to the source of delicious fluid. Sherlock’s tongue flicked quickly over John’s hole once and his head shot back in pleasure, John tasted like liquid gold. Sherlock’s eyes had rolled back and his eyelids were flickering as a deep guttural groan tore its way from his throat, John whined in response and shoved his arse back into Sherlock’s face catching the man’s chin and leaving behind a wet patch.
"And Sherlock will cover our expenses for the extra days. Is it ok for me to eat breakfast outside at the benches Gary?" Gary nodded still grinning; God didn’t the man’s face hurt?
"No, look …" Sherlock wasn’t even paying attention to him anymore.
"Four days?" He asked and John reached up to lick his cheek.
"We need food Sherlock, I’m pregnant now, I can’t just live off of dim-sum and pasta at Angelo’s every couple of days like you do, I need a diet of healthy, regular meals. Trust me on this Sherlock, I’m a Doctor." John had smiled at him in the back of the cab as he told him this and Sherlock had reluctantly agreed, after all they had to go to the chemists anyway to collect John’s prescription, even so, that still didn’t stop him voicing his displeasure about the whole idea all the way to the shops.
Sherlock. Sherlock. Sherlock.
"Yes Daddy Yes ... hardener please." The elder put Sherly's hand on his stomach. "Can ... Can you feel it. Do you feel how hard I penetrate you? " "Oh yes Daddy, I can feel your big cock in me. Oh yes please. I'll be near. " "Yes, cum for your daddy. Make me happy. "He put his hand on the shaft of his favorite and moved it up and down. "Cum for me." White, creamy threads stretched over the younger man's stomach.
"Can we ... Can we make love now?"
pov. Sherlock
What? Okay… yes I need tot hink about something else. I layed my phone back on the desk. We have it now 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Maybe I should go out a little bit, too. In the park or in an aquarium.
On the other hand, Sherlock was still a little pissed off that
"Look... I don’t... After our little
"No, but-"
. Even more so with Sherlock’s scent still mixing with his own uniqueness, of course the Beta woman wouldn’t be able to smell it on John because of her useless Beta senses but still, it made him happy to know that John hadn’t washed it off yet.
"My plan needs darkness, reckon we’ve got another couple hours of light-" Fletcher growled at him and addressed John again.
fine, in fact I’ve never been better, so just
"Yes, you said: fear. Sherlock Holmes got scared. You said." Sherlock couldn’t take the mocking tone John used thought he suspected he deserved it, he grabbed John’s arm gently and pulled him around to face him, tried to explain the feeling of terror when you think your own senses are betraying you but John just brushed him off and started walking off again. That’s was when words found their way back to Sherlock’s brain, when in that moment he thought John was walking away from him for good.
"It’s all right. It’s okay now."
"No, we’ll all take the car, drop Henry off and then head back together, we have some business of our own to take care of, remember?" Sherlock drawled and his eyes locked pointedly onto John’s, Henry saw the heated look exchanged between the two men and chimed in with his own input.
Sherlock dropped the little bag on the bed followed by his coat and scarf whilst he looked around the room for a temporary hiding place but he clearly underestimated Mrs. Hudson’s unpacking skills though because she was finished in a quarter of the time he had suspected she would take and he panicked when he heard the old Alpha’s high heels approaching. Acting fast he tossed the little bag under the bed and marched out the door before she could barge in.
"Oh! Looks like Mrs. Hudson finally got to the wife in Doncaster." John said to Sherlock who had been watching the fight with amusement, when he was sure John’s eyes were still locked on the shouting match inside, he glanced over out the corner of his eye at John, the man didn't seem upset anymore so Sherlock decided to not mention the situation from upstairs and just get on with things.
"It’s nothing Sherlock." He squeaked; Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him.
"Bluebell, John! I've got Bluebell, The case of the vanishing, glow-in-the-dark rabbit! NATO's in uproar." He directed the last part at Henry who just looked between them both confused.
. How could he have been such an idiot, John was... John was
"I saw it too, John." Sherlock mumbled again.
It wasn’t until Sherlock scrolled down to the bottom of the text that the building panic in his gut abated and he made a mental not to beat Mycroft half to death when he saw him next.
"Jesus Sherlock! I’ve been in warzones tidier than this! How are we going to explain this to the owners?" John groaned at the thought of the bill for the damages and kneeled to pull his holdall from under the bed frame; it seemed to be the only clean, undamaged area of the whole room.
Earth
"Captain John Watson. Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers." The corporal’s eyes changed from one of suspicion to one of awe, not many army Omega’s make it to such a high rank as Captain so to meet one in person clearly blew this young corporal away and he saluted John without hesitation. John saluted back stiffly.
"Twenty year old disappearance? A monstrous hound? I wouldn't miss this for the world." He confirmed and then strode back out of the room quickly. John stood gaping at the door, he'd been had, now Sherlock knew he'd have to think up a new hiding place for the cigarettes, one that John wouldn't find so easily. Not to mention, bloody
, you said." Sherlock avoided eye contact in favour of rummaging through the sachets in the little basket.
. The adorable Omega looked so peaceful in his sleep, his body rising and falling slowly, his hair sticking up all over the shop and the little, barely there snore was just hilarious. Sherlock couldn’t hold in the snort that escaped him and unintentionally disturbed John who stopped snoring and started shuffling and wriggling closer to Sherlock. The cunning detective saw an opportunity here and rolled over to lay on his back, arm raised in the air, John took the bait and ended up with his head pillowed on Sherlock’s lean chest and his arm tossed across the man’s abdomen, it was amazing. Sherlock wrapped his own arms around John, one over his waist and the other cradling his head, fingers shifting through John’s hair in a soothing motion to coax him back into a deeper sleep, it worked like a charm.
“I’ll be him. I’ll be him and you wont have to hurt me for not being him. I can be him.” John thought about it for a moment. Could he really have Sherlock back. He looked down at the high cheekbones, the perfect lips and pale skin. Then he saw the cautions hope that emerged in the dark brown eyes. His gaze hardened again, face contorted with rage. How could he have even thought about this, he had failed Sherlock. Let him jump, let him fall.
"John I believe in that. Sherlock was telling the truth before he got up on the roof, I don't know why he had to lie to you like that, but don't doubt it was to protect you from something."
Back at the warehouse.
Yours sincerely
John H. Watson
“What do you want.”
Talking
Short and sweet, but filthy.
Dear John,
“Yes. I changed them. I had to change them if I wanted to come back.”
"why..." His Sherlock paused as if he didn't have the words for what he wanted to ask. It was truly adorable.
Yours Sincerely
Yours sincerely
“He loved you molly. Maybe not like you wanted, but you were still loved.”
There's your happy ending.
“Let me taste you. Please I need to have you in my mouth and feel you.”
John pulled the young Sherlock into the converted office space. His sweet Sherlock, the one chained to the bed. The sweet thing was still asleep. The blanket pulled up to his chin and a hand still imprinted on the smooth neck. The younger man was set on a chair while john got the ropes. John let himself feel while he stripped the boy. He knew he didn’t have much time at the moment. And that when he got back from dealing with Greg he would take his time to memories his new boys body. It took him almost fifteen minuets to get the boy tied up. He dropped a kiss on the tousled head.
The sweet half sentences coming from  Sherlock flowed down johns spine like fire. He gave the one last lick at the small ring of muscles. John got up and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s.
“We’ll do this together. All right.”A quick nod and john slicked up his cock. The friction felt so good, but he knew it would be nothing compared to the hot tight channel he was about to get. John spread the pale legs and let them wrap around his naked waist. He pushed in. The heat was incredible. The tight grip Sherlock had on his was beyond heaven.the muscles quivered and pulsed trying to pull him in. Sherlock was panting on the bed. His brow furrowed and mouth open gasping for air.
Greg's voice sounded even more muffled than Molly's and slightly slurred as well. John's vision was coming back and he hadn't even noticed when it had first gone.
“This is a lie.”
Dear John,
“You shut your mouth.”
“How could you do that. Molly, Greg let Sherlock die. He could have helped. He should have helped. Moriarty set the music and Greg danced along with it. He didn’t believe me when I told him about Mycroft or Moriarty. He didn’t believe me about Sherlock. He didn’t believe in Sherlock. He didn’t believe in Sherlock” He started out shouting, but by the end he sitting on his ass with his face buried in his hands.
They sat on the floor in silence for a time. Both of them thinking about the first time they had met Sherlock Holmes.
“O.k love here we go. just remember to keep relaxed.”John thrust forward and let out a moan. God this was perfect. This had nothing to do with the six months he had been celibate, or the mental frustration he had had about his inability to get hard without picturing his best friend. No this was Sherlock and everything was perfect. He was going to make this perfect for Sherlock too. He angled himself this way and that keeping a steady pace trying to find that clump of nerves that would make his Sherlock see stars.
Dear John,
The third letter
thee Tenth Letter
“Yes of course I came back.” John reached out to brush his hand over Sherlock’s face. He flinched away from the touch instinctively then came back quickly, nuzzling into the touch to make up for the reflex.
“Hi Molly, it’s good to see you too.” John said as he walked into the  examination room. He was smiling. Truly happy to see his awkward friend.
“I’ll make it good, Please I’ll do whatever you want. please!” His voice was high and shrill. Nothing like the man he was supposed to be. John was angry now. Truly angry in a way that was all to easy to slip into. John knocked the man to the ground again. Screams echoed of the walls in the empty warehouse. Blood started to drip onto the floor and the pathetic traitor lay gasping in pain. John took a breath and looked down at his shoe now splattered with blood. John knelt down jerking the impostor up. The legs skittering over the damp floor struggled to keep up.
I’m sorry. I know you don’t know what happened, but I am so so sorry. The worst part is that I loved it. More than anything else, I loved it and I am sorry.
Yours sincerely
“What are you talking about?”
the 16th letter
When he got to the morgue he didn’t stop or look around at the rooftop. He saw it every time he closed his eyes. He walked around the spot he stood and watched his world fall apart. He shut his eyes and promised himself that if Greg showed his face, he wouldn’t even try to not punch him. When he got inside, Molly was waiting with a cup of coffee.
You didn’t wait for me. I never expected you would, we were flat mates to you. I was a tool for you to get you fix. Two addicts using one another.
“I’m still pissed at him.”
"What I did. He just broke my nose."
“You Okay love?”
"Look at him love. He's just like you. My Sherlock. Young and dangerous and perfect for the taking. He's here because he's perfect." John smiled at the terror that shone out on the young boy.
(See the end of the chapter for
and Taking Action
“Please. More. Stop. Don’t. I need. Let me. OH god. Please.”
“John.”
“Sherlock never begged.” He growled, ready to tear, and rip, and kill. He grabbed the switch blade knife that had been hastily stuffed into his pocket, ready to cut out the eyes before him.
John loves his Sherlock.
"Please. I'll be good...I'll be good. I'll make it good. I'll make it good. Please, please. Just...let me try again and ill make it good. I'll be good. I'll be better. I didnt try and run. I didn't run. Please...don't. You don't have to replace me." The last sentence was said with the mans lips clawing at his neck. Almost in hope of kissing his way to safety. John let his Sherlock kiss him for a few moments. While the boy in the corner whimpered and writhes in his bonds.
“I’m afraid.”Finally the truth. The only thing John ever wanted.
One last case.
Dear Sherlock,
John H. Watson.
Marry will be the normal life you always craved. I don’t like her. She wont be able to give you what I could. The rush you got when we were on a case. You won’t find that anywhere else, not with her.
Dear John,
Dear John,
“I know John. I believed in Sherlock Holmes. I still do.”
“Yes.” The voice was uncertain, high and pinched not in pain but simply confusion.
His phone started chirping at him.
"Well that's a lovely way to be welcomed home."
"Look. After Sherlock... Well after that I didn't have much. My wife moved out, took the kids with her and I was left with the death of my marriage and the death of the most brilliant man I had ever met. I couldn't loose my job too. I'd have ended up worse than Anderson. I'm sorry John. I'm sorry I let you down." Lestrade was looking at John like he could give him forgiveness. As if john could make it ok if he said that Lestrade was forgive. John could not make it ok. Nor did he want to.
The Fifth letter
“Molly. He told me you were going to be fired if I didn’t help. That is the only reason I came back to this place.” Molly froze, her eyes wide in realization.
Molly looked at john as they both spoke at once. She looked surprised, John didn't.
the 14th letter
also the long wait.
“Fuck you Greg.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dear John,
"Please don't kill me. I'll do anything you want. Just please don't kill me."  That first taste of fear. The way he had begged so sweetly for his life. Just like he had begged so sweetly for john to fuck him.
The Twelfth Letter
“Ohhhh god.” There it is. the picture of Sherlock laid out before him writhing on his cock, his eyes almost rolling up, and mouth hanging open whispering half finished words that begged for more, john knew he was done for. He grabbed Sherlock's cock and pulled the man in time to his thrusts. It took less that ten pulls before Sherlock let out a moan to put the gods to shame and sprayed his orgasm all over his heaving belly. John was right behind him and allowed the waves of pleasure to wash over him.
“Pretend.” This was an order in it’s simplest form. The man with the pail chest and soft skin understood it. John was loath to even think it but the impostor was smart.
"Look John help me please. Comeback to the world of the living. We miss you John, we worry about you."
He won. Moriarty won. He wanted me alone, with everything I cared for torn to shreds. As I sit here when I should be at your wedding reception I realize that I am alone. He took you from me. I tried so hard to have a place in your new life. Now I realize that I will be there when you need me and I must learn to be satisfied with that. I never had expectations of others before. You changed that. You changed everything. When you need me I’ll be there. I need drugs now,
the 18th chapter
“Its your own fault for being such a delectable little slut. Now I’m going to use your mouth one more time. If you make it good, I’ll set you up on the bed, let you rest and have a good night sleep.” John made his voice soft and comforting. Reaching out and brushing his thumb over the red lips. He smiled at the trembling that small touched produced. John worked his way down, gently caressing the features he so longed for.
"I take good care of pets that obey their master." John licked the side of sherlocks face. Just because he knew the effect it would have. The younger one shivered and wimpered. The poor thing shook like a leaf. While his sherlock simply closed his eyes and kept still. Only a week and a bit and his sherlock was trained so well. John gave himself a mental pat on rhe back before continuing. " Now love." He had his sherlock open his eyes and look at him for this. "I'm not even thinking of replacing you. I love my new pet, and i cant wait to see you play together, but no one will replace you. You my sweet, dear pet are mine. Mine to have and hold. To pleasure and punish. To love and kiss. You are mine to do whatever i like with. If you disobey you will be punished. Do you you understand?"  His sherlock looked at him and if there had been any hope left, john saw it die. The young boy was wimpering and pulling at his restraints having the same luck he had before. Sherlock simply looked at him and said. "Yes, I understand."  John kisses him. It was all teeth and tounge. John bit down hard and tasted the coppery tang of blood. His sherlock whined , but didnt pull away. John licked up the red liquid as if it were ambrosia. "Master. Yes you understand,  Master."  Sherlocks eyes widened and his fingers twitched, but he was already john's.
“I asked If you liked it.” John stared strait in to the face of the man he loved and saw every word never spoke, every opportunity missed, all the times he could have, but never did. His voice got low. Soft is a way that he had learned in the heat of war. “Do you like it when I’m about to fuck your worthless ass with a knife and rip into bloody strips. Is that what you’d like?”
SH.         17
Yours Sincerely
“NO!” A single word screamed out before the man lost all ability to speak. He simply sobbed silently in exhausted desperation. John smiled.
“Does he make you happy?”
please comment.
“John please. No one has seen you in ages, we’re worries about you.”
Dear John,
“You’re dating Lestrade?” John feels a cold fire rush through him
(See the end of the chapter for
It wasn’t like the films where time stretches out and the lights get bright and it's all in slow motion. No not like that at all. John walks up and punches the detective. Greg falls to the ground as Molly lets out a sharp gasp.
His voice shook rising and falling in odd places. Cold had set in and the slim muscled arms shivered with it again. John smiled and divested himself of his clothes faster than he ever thought possible. He crawled over sherlock’s splayed form pressing himself into the other mans flesh. Their chests touched with feather light kisses at breath became deeper for john and quicker for the man beneath him. Sherlock let out a wonderful noise somewhere between a sob and a scream when john held the blade up to his face. John lapped up the sound for the shaking lips. He felt heat rush down to his cock as the sound mixed with tears.
please comment.
“They look like they’ve been through hell and molly needs help figuring out what killed them.”
while still putting on a show for the younger version.
“Yeah Ok, but can I have my clothes.”
“Your afraid it will hurt?” a shy nod and John stroked the moonlight colored skin.
The Sixth letter
the 20th chapter
the 19th chapter
“If only you cared that much about him.”
Dear John,
My brother has no knowledge that these letters were delivered. They were supposed to arrive on the occasion of his death should he not return from his mission. As he will not be returning for this assignment I believed you had the right to read them.
Johns hands were shaking as he held the picture in his hands in the upper left corner of the picture you could see the back of one John H. Watson. His hat was on backwards and his coat wrinkled and dirty. John held his breath.
“Oh john I’m so sorry. I should have known. Greg feels terrible about his part in Sherlock’s death. He almost resigned.” John interrupted.
John looked at the boy sitting in front of him. His pupils were blown huge and john was not sure if the boy was actually awake. All the better for him.The boy was shivering. John had left the window open and the London night was coming in.
Dear John,
“You have to relax. Bare down a little and just relax.” john smiled and held himself perfectly still to give the man under him a chance to acclimatize. It was hell to not just rut into the whole the was squeezing him oh so perfectly, but he did it. He did it for Sherlock.
“John please...”
“No! Its not a lie! I... I can be him. I am him.” The delusion knew it was a mistake the moment the words left his mouth. He threw himself towards John, begging for mercy, whispering lies into the blood stained air.
“No, Please No. You don’t need to do this. Just let me taste you. I’ll make it good. I promise. Don’t hurt me.” Tears fell thick and fast and the lovely voice broke and whined in fear. John resisted the urge to lick up the salty mess his Sherlock was making.
Yours sincerely
Yours Sincerely
Teenage sherlock began to cry softly in the corner. His eyes fixed on john.  John laughed and then guided sherlock back to his aching cock.
Dear John,
“Now how does that feel baby? You like that?” John was focused completely on the small twitching bud and the silver point moving its hypnotic way around the dark edges. John loved the way the metal reflected the smooth skin he was so eager to mark. He was entranced by the way the muscles moved as if they themselves were shy of the knife.
“Sherlock, one more time, please.” He smiled down and felt the smooth skin under his hands, reveling it the memories the touch provoked. The chocolate brown eyes came up cautiously. So full of fear and pain, and just that small flicker of hope John saw whenever he started to truly believe the lie he had constructed for himself. The truth came back to John with all it’s crushing weight. Sherlock had jumped. Lestrade and the police had bought the story Moriarty had spun. The media had of course lapped it up like dogs in the desert. The only one that had believed John was Anderson of all people. Those dark chocolate eyes told him about all his failures and everything he had lost. He hated them. John rose from his chair and backhanded the liar across the face. The blow threw the deceiver to the floor. John fisted his hands in the dark hair and ripped the face up. The bastard kept his eyes closed this time. Struggling to keep his balance.
Dear John,
“I know, but I am glad you wanted to help. I was worried.” John grimaced as he found the lie he had been looking for.
Dear John,
“We need a second opinion. Please for molly -GL
“What?” His anger disappeared with a flash, this shouldn't confuse him. He knew it was a lie, just another lie that was being told to him. There was something in the curve of his spine, and in the tilt of his head that was just purely Sherlock.
John pulled away. Sherlock fueled by some sort of panic clung to his chest and started begging.
“Look at me!” His voice was deep and the brown eyes shot up to lock with his blue. “Stay perfectly still.” Were his only words of warning before the point of the blade was set to rest against the opening of the perfect ass before him. Sherlock body froze even as his mouth gasped back a scream.
Yours eternal
sorry this took forever. Please feel free to poke if i've not updated in a bit.
I’m sorry. I have no right to be jealous. I thought, well what I thought was obviously wrong and has no place here. I want you to be happy. I had imagined that you were happy with me, but if Marry is what makes you happy I’ll do everything I can to make that happen.
"John? John look at me. You're all right. My god Greg look what you did." Molly sounded far way, like he was under water. If john was underwater that would explain why he was having such a hard time breathing.
“All right.” Sherlock said “You can move now.”
Yours sincerely
“I’ll be at the morgue in two hours. don’t be there. -JW
Im lookong for a beta to make things go faster and to just be better in general.  Anyone interested?
The Ninth Letter
"Why is he here." His Sherlock jerked his dark curls to indicate the boy bound to the chair. John looked over and really got a look at the boy. He was sweating and bleeding, with wide eyes full of fear and panic. He sat stock still as if he could escape notice by not moving. The spider gag had long since started dripping the boys saliva down the tightly muscled chest and torso. The cock cage John had taken almost to much pleasure in attaching was sure to be cold and pinching by now. His boy looked glorious.
John took the remote control he had been playing with out of his pocket and set it on the table. His sherlock eyes it for a moment of apprehension then went back to fucking his throat with john's cock. The poor love was doing a exelent job concidering the small vibrator he wore up his arse had been going on and off depending on johns whimsy. John had gotten back from looking at the apartment his sherlock come from Lestrade had sent a new face to show john around and take notes of what he noticed. John had pointed them in the direction of a bookie and been on his way. When he got home he felt the need to make his sherlock beg. John had slammed open the door and dragged the boy out. John set him up in a chair just outside of the door. The boy could hear everything but the black hood over his head made sure he saw nothing. Then john had spread his sherlock out on the floor, tied his legs and arms and fucked him till there was nothing but soft moans and desperate crys of please. After he had finished john lay there cushioning his head on sherlocks breast and listened to his heart beat. He spent what felt like hours just listening to the pumping of blood thru his sherlocks body. He presses his ear to his chest, his wrists anywhere he could find a pulse. His sherlock had petted his hair and lay still till he was done. Like the good boy john had trained him to be. The boy on the other hand had not been so good.  He had tipped over the chair and had been inching his way to the door. John knew that even if the boy got free of the chair and made it to the door. He would never get farther than that. Biometrics from the original sherlock had taken care of that. The escape attempt was the reason for the boys uncomfortable position.
Because you would hate me. You might hate me anyway. I would. I do. Don’t forsake me John you're the only link to humanity I have. The last words you spoke to me, face to face were that friends protect people. You might have meant it to hurt, and I might have deliberately pushed you there. John please. I need you to protect all that I am. Even if you are half a world away. You are everything good in this world. Everything I have left.
Sherlock's last letter.
"Ohh yes." John hissed out throught his teeth as his sherlock pushed past his gag reflex to swallow johns cock all the way down. John wiped away the tear trickeling down the perfect cheeks. He had spent the last hour and fifteen minutes helping his sherlock move past this point. They had started by just tickleing the back of sherlocks throat with johns cock, then moved on to pushing till he gagged. John had held his dick at that point just befor it triggersd the reflex. Now john was slowly but surely pushing that boundry. The feeling of his sherlocks throat was loverly. Made even more so by the veiw he had set up.
"McAlister was kidnapped ten days ago. No one has seen or heard from him since his cast party. Apparently he was a big star in c grade movies, before he got picked up for the stage that is.
"Give me the file and ill look over it. I'll come by the crime scene tomorrow. I expect Sherlock's usual fee." He had to leave. John said a quick 'goodbye, call me sometime and we can talk.' To molly, grabbed the heavy file folder from Greg and almost ran out of the room.  He had to get back. He had to get back to his Sherlock before john lost him again.
I did something bad today. You would not be proud of what I did. I killed a man today in cold blood. Shot him in the head and left him to rot in the woods. He was a bad man, cruel and hard. He was a murder and a rapist. I did not need to kill him. I could have left him with the authority's, but i didn’t. I killed him. I’m sorry John.
Dear John,
An hour later his Sherlock woke and found himself alone. He was clad in a blue dressing gown with his arms unbound and his wrists bandages. He was clean and all his wounds had been bandages with a plastic bowl next to him filled with soup. The slender ankle was tethered to the floor by a chain that was attached to a steel cuff padlocked onto the young man leg. There was about five feet of give that gave the man some freedom. Sherlock ate the soup and then pulled up the covers and fell into a drug induced sleep.
“Isn’t it. You killed him. You let Moriarty kill him.”
After Sherlock had jumped john had gone into his room with every intention of ending his own life along with Sherlock. He had instead found over fifty thousand dollars, twice that in euros, and several thousand pounds. There were also two dozen passports with both his and Sherlocks faces on them and a list of addresses that Sherlock apparently owned. John never knew about any of this. Hell he doubted Mycroft knew about Sherlocks rainy day fund. It was when he found the passports that he had fallen apart. Sherlock was going to run and he would have brought john with him. They would have done it together. Then all he could think about where that last words Sherlock had said to him. “That’s what people do, don’t they? Leave a note.” John had refused to believe what he was hearing. He had refused even as he watched his friend, the man he had never got the chance to tell, the man he loved die. “Goodbye John.” That had been it, the last words that beautiful man had ever spoken. In those first few days where john had slept in Sherlocks bed and sent longing looks over at his gun he had realized something. “Friends protect people.”  The last words he had spoken to Sherlock’s face. “That’s what people do don’t they.” Sherlock had given up on friends and love at some point in his life, but John had revived that hope. Friends help people so Sherlock had done the one thing he knew people did in hope that his friends would protect him. John had failed him. He would not fail him again.
“Greg told you I wanted to help.”
"You see love. I take good care of my pets." He pushed the mouth down till he felt it gag and convulse. He closed his eyes and pushed down harder. Till he heard panicked sounds and fingers frantically trying to get his attention. Then he wrenched the head back and watched intently as his sherlock coughed, sputtered, and drank in lungfulls of air. John reached out to hold the panting tongue between his thumb and finger.
Yours.
“Oh god he lied to me.”
Yours Sincerely
“Don’t call me again.”
Lestrade actually looked a little scared as his eyes met johns at that moment.
Yours sincerely
“John.”
“Molly, is it true you could lose your job?”
“I wonder what a difference that concern would have made to him?”
“I’m sure.”
I am going undercover. I don’t know if ill be alive to write you another letter. If I’m not, please know that I meant everything I said. It has been the greatest pleasure of my frustrated existence to have been a part of yours. I love you john Watson. For whatever it is worth I do love you.
Doing
Dear John,
“We found two bodies.”
“God do you have any idea what it’s like to be back here. All I see is him. I met him here you fucking prick. I watched him die here and now you are using the only good left of him.” He made a gesture at molly at this and then stopped. What was the use? Lestrade was useless. He never believed in Sherlock. He just used him. That’s all he ever did, use them. John, Sherlock, Molly. Used them.
Sorry for the short chapter,
“You came back.”
I love you John Watson. Please be happy... Do one thing for me. Make sure your child isn’t around Anderson too much. Even if he is more palatable if he worships me, his idiocy will infect the child.
Dear John,
“You fuck. You absolute dick. I came here because… do you think I want to be here where he…” John is panting. Standing above Greg with murder in his eyes. John physically couldn’t get the words out he is so angry. So he doesn’t use his words, he uses his fists. He got a few good hits to Greg’s face, as well as a satisfying crack with his shoe made contact with the detectives ribs. Molly pulled him of the cowering inspector after another few kicks.
"This is why I'm here." John just stared at the picture until it was replaced by a different one.
I'm coming home.
John was headed back on the tube when he saw him. The lad couldn’t have been more that 19, but he was beautiful. The slicked back hair so dark brown you could barley tell it wasn’t black. Pale skin with a few freckles dusted over his cheeks. Sharp cheekbones and wonderfully blue eyes. The eyes were slightly dull, glazed over from some drug john thought. He was perfect. Sherlock at uni. Sherlock when he was the most alone and the most in danger. John didn’t even think when he got off two stops before his as he followed the boy. It took five hours of stalking from club to club. He watched as the boy lost more of his clothes at each party. John was burning with jealous rage as the boy finally headed up to a fairly rundown apartment complex. John followed. He watched the boy pause long enough to put out his cigarette on the side of the building before being let into a apartment on the third floor by a man that john hated the moment the tall overly tattooed man let his eyes wander over what was now john’s . It was barley a challenge to break into building. It took the army doctor ten minuets to get up to the window and inside the small apartment. What he saw inside made him feel cold and hot all at once. His boy. His Sherlock was in a bed that wasn’t his and riding a cock that wasn’t his. There were a couple of needles scattered around the floor. John took out his Sig Sauer. he had a good look around and finds a pillow casually dropped on the floor. Then he sees it. The closet, it’s door cracked open, but john knows what a drug den looks like by now. His Sherlock is whimpering and moaning on the mans cock and john is going to deal with him, but there will be time. The closet is stuffed full of drugs. From morphine to cocaine. John sees a industrial sized bottle of Viagra sat in front of a gallon bottle of lube. Who the hell did this man think he was, Casanova? Well not with his Sherlock. John pushed into the bedroom and fired twice through the pillow and into the filth on the bed. The boy looked stunned and confused as john pulled his blood spattered body off the bed.
“Who’s we molly. You get a boyfriend I don ‘t know about. “The mortician blushes furiously and stutters out.
“I’ll be him!” That scream had John stopped in his tracks. knife poised for the strike while the other hand held his target still.
please comment.
Always yours,
Sorry I have no excuse, but hey I am now here so... Ta da.
“John there is no Moriarty.”
"Take it slow John, remember to breath." Molly helped him take two gasping breaths, his were desperate and wet and nothing like the beautiful harmony he had pulled out of the man he had in bed just a few hours before.  His Sherlock. His Sherlock was waiting for him. He had to get back. John lurched to his feet. That never forgotten name half out of his mouth before he saw the picture. Scattered on the ground like leaves. Sherlock. His Sherlock smiling and shaking hands with someone in a suit. His Sherlock the same Sherlock he had spread across a bed half way across London. He had to get back now. Greg blocked his way by picking up the photograph.
“You know Sherlock wasn’t a fake. You know he was everything he always said he was.”
Sarah this is for you so i hope you like it.
The army doctor closed the line and threw the phone against the wall where it harmlessly bounced down onto the bed with the unconscious man still bound to the head board. John stopped and looked. He just stood there and looked. This man was his. His Sherlock. The skin so clear and pale and him. That mouth was him. Sherlock, was dead. That didn’t mean he had to die. His Sherlock was here and his Sherlock was his.
I am waiting. There are men in front of me that are in pain. They are in pain because I need information. John they are in pain because iF want the to be. If they tell me wht I need to know I will kill them and take their place. I’m writing for them to break and need to appear occupied and unconcerned. There are three men two blond one red headed. The red head is almost thirty and has spent most of his life behind bars. I have bound him to a bed with his feet hanging over the edge. I set a small fire to slowly melt away the flesh from his overactive nerves. He is screaming absence things at me as his feet melt. The heat blisters have already burst and now the blood is evaporating before it can drip into the fire. The other two have been forced to sit and watch and listen to their friend. They may tell e what I want to know, but I’m afraid that they wont escape. I have some very interesting ideas for these two. They are young and fit. They will survive much suffering before I’m done with them. I have never felt power like this. Life and death so intertwined they are inseparable. Their pain becomes my pleasure. If I had known that this is what Moriarty was offering me I would have taken it. John you are the only thing that kept me on the side of the angels. That line has gotten much more complicated.
“Oh my poor baby. Did I scare you?” The dark head nodded as a silent cry wracked the slim body. “My sweet boy you were so strong and now you are just falling apart, what happened? Is it because of this?” John held up the knife. His eyes tracked from the steel in his hand to the quivering hole he had been toying with, and then to the soft cock nestled on the pail stomach.
Yours sincerely
John goes to see Molly, Greg turns up and we get a case.
“Hey man what are you doing?”
"I'll help you." John had closed his eyes and was desperately not thinking about all those times when Sherlock had looked at him like he was the only thing that mattered in the world. Those usually happened after Lestrade had failed to defend him, especially against one of Donovan's crueler comments.
“I’m doing it for molly not you. -JW
“Just let me explain.” Greg was going to say more but john didn’t give him the chance.
" Yes. Thats perfect. Absolutly perfect my darling." John let  the man between his legs do his own work while he focused on the boy across the room. The boy was suspened from the roof beams by dark red rope. The harness emobalised the boys arms while pulling his legs up and away from his body. The perfect position for the  mechanisim underneath him to work. It had taken john an hour to set the thing up, but he knew from the look on the boys face that it would be worth it. It was a simple affair. A large blue dildo mounted on a stick atatched to gears and a motor. The fucking machine was small, but the effect it had was great. The stiffled screaming and shouting had given way to muffled moans and gasps. The boy had strugled at first. It had amused john to watch the boy hold himself up so the dildo just breached his ass. Then when his muscles had spasmed he colapsed and was helpless to stop his sweet little hole being fucked open. At the moment john was watching the boy try and control his twitching limbs. As he twitched, the movment sent him rocking on the silicon lover in a way john loved to hear the boy expess. The red ball let only the best sounds comeforth, and the trembling moans and punched out whines were quickly becoming johns favorite. He wished he had thought to set up some cameras so he could revisit this moment again. John smiled to himself as he pushed his sherlock all the way down his cock and though. "Next time."
“I don’t know. I knew I was on thin ice after I refused to shut up about Sherlock. I don’t think they’d fire me for not being able to help, but...” At that moment the door slammed open to reveal Greg.
“Oh gods Sherlock. Oh gods that was beautiful.”
“She might get fired if we don’t solve this case -GL
Thinking
John smoothed the shaking legs. He kissed from the ankles to the curve where the thighs meet the perfect ass. Sherlock had a glassy eyed look in his eyes. He kept his eyes on john as he moved. The bottle of lube was popped open and john luxuriated in the feeling of Sherlock’s unwillingly hard cock slipping between his dripping fingers. The red mouth sang a chores of moans and sighs. From the high scream when john flicked him thumb over the head of Sherlock’s cock and scooped out the drop of pre-cum that sat like a dewdrop at the top, to the low vibrating groan that resonated through the every bone in johns body when he left a stripe over Sherlock's twitching hole with his tongue. The army doctor spent far more time worshiping the area between his lovers legs. John could not pull himself away from that perfect tight hole. He had Sherlock’s legs over his shoulders and spent a good hour making the man before him scream. This time he screamed, not from fear or pain but from the desperate pleasure he was being forced to endure. John licked and sucked and gave just the hint of teeth against Sherlock's rim, and when the brunet was just on the edge of coming john would reach up and wrap a hand around the desperate cock. Choking any chance of release.
The smell of blood was strong. It filled the air like a red fog that clung to his skin. His hair slick with sweat, sticking up in odd places as he ran his hands through it. John was panting as he sat in the rusting hard backed chair. He combed his fingers into the mass of dark curls resting on his thigh. They were covered with blood and grime and John relished the way he could brush the dirt way and find the soft strands just underneath. He dug his fingers into the beautiful hair and viciously tore it backwards snapping the head it was attached to up. Satisfaction rolled off him in tangible waves with the each new scream of pain that came from the man below him. The bowed lips opened wide in the perfect “O” and then trembled closed trailing whimpers behind them. The man was kneeling between John’s spread legs. His arms twisted behind his back and lashed together at his wrists and elbows with stiff leather cords. The black slacks John had pulled on the skinny hips were ridding low and revealing just a hint of pail skin that had John’s blood up. The shirt John had dressed him in had originally been a gray button up, but was now stained with dry and fresh blood. Unbuttoned and slipping off the slim shoulders, John was sure he had never seen a more beautiful sight. The pale skin flushed with fear, the eyes closed tight with pain. John let his gaze sweep over the strong chest covered with small cuts and burns, the blood making brilliant pictures on the alabaster skin. John’s cock was hardening again from where he had not even bothered to tuck it back into his trousers. The man below him gave a panicked whimper as John brought up the head and wiped the drop of pre-come across the high cheekbones.
"Nice touch." Sherlock complimented when they were inside Baskerville and he had calmed down somewhat, he saw John blush out the corner of his eye.
"Neither, they were-" Sherlock interrupted him, he wanted this idiot out of his flat now.
"Sherlock-" He protested.
Time passed slowly and bit by bit John calmed down, half an hour had nearly passed before John sat up from the floor and swallowed.
"Quickly, prepare yourself. I need more." John wasted no time slicking up his cock whilst Sherlock pulled his fingers out, once John was satisfied he wouldn’t hurt Sherlock he gripped the man's thighs to make him rise a little so John could slouch for more leverage. Sherlock smiled at John’s ingenuity and moved forward so the head of John’s cock dragged over his hole, he hummed in satisfaction when John pushed up as he shoved down, the tip popping inside him.
Sherlock kept his gaze locked on the fire, flickering away before him when John jumped up and ran off, why should he have to look at the imbecile anyway? It’s not like he knew what he was talking about. Sherlock
"Henry." John said again and slid his free hand up to cup the side of traumatised man’s face, this startled Henry out of his fog and he looked at John, tears gathering and falling from his eyes then dropped his gaze again.
Oh no! Oh hell NO!
It took a little bit of time but John found them taped to the roof of one of the desk drawers and planted them under the Skull before
"Ah no! We are
"If your fine with having my child then why are you so upset?" John glared at him.
Of course there was now a new, third instinct in play today, the detective simply called it his ‘
"Oh! Who folds up a shirt after ironing it anyway?!" Sherlock sniffed defensively and went to snatch the shirt from John's hands but somehow his body rebelled and he ended up gently removing it from John's hands and bending forward to nuzzle at the side of the Omega's face, taking in his scent and thanking his good little Omega for caring for his big, strong, Alpha as nature intended.
! They just wanted more and harder and
"I think you’ll find that you were the one insisting, quite enthusiastically I might add, that I knot you over and over again and yes, you would be quite correct, when I brought you in for your bath the other night I noticed that you hadn’t taken any more birth control since London and I knew there was a chance you’d be pregnant by the end of the heat which as I said, you are." Sherlock grumbled, rubbing his chin and glaring at John until the Omega collapsed, all the fight going out of his tired body. Sherlock caught him before he hit the floor and swung him up into his arms to carry him back to their mattress/nest, John’s face was eerily blank when Sherlock lay him down and Sherlock not for the first time felt fear in regards to his John’s feelings regarding him.
"That'll be him home then." John mumbled to himself and flicked the page of the paper he was reading, ignoring Sherlock when he strode in and thumped the harpoon on the floor.
"Well, those clothes’ll be irritating him so I’d recommend removing them and a nice hot bath will ease the cramps and muscle pain he’ll be going through. I can run one if you like whilst you deal with his clothes?" Sherlock gave the man a nod and moved back over John to guide the man gently onto his back; John gave a soft Omega growl at being pulled away from his snuffling mission but stopped when he saw Sherlock above him and reached for him instead. Sherlock smiled down at his mate and bent lower to kiss him softly, John purred and licked along the seam of Sherlock’s lips making the Alpha want nothing more than to deepen the kiss but he refrained and shifted his head to fit against John’s neck as he finished unbuttoning the Shirt John had started to remove in the car.
’. He knew he’d hurt the man, John’s face had said it all and his eyes dulled as he turned to look out the window, Sherlock didn’t like it, it made his stomach all twisty and crampy but he didn’t know what to do or say, his whole world view had just shifted and all because of one primal, instinctual act, even if he had now found a way to control it, however unconventional it may be.
"...I use my senses, John, unlike
"Sherlock, around this time of the month, do you notice anything strange about me?" John asked slowly and Sherlock frowned and thought.
"No I bloody won’t! I’ve told you before; I’m
It seemed that he never even had that. He had been wrong.
." He panted.
"What furniture? Where are we going to put it all?" John rolled his eyes as he headed through the kitchen and called over his shoulder.
Mrs. Hudson was waiting for John by the gates of the cemetery with a cab and Sherlock sent a small wave of thanks towards the woman for taking care of John in his absence, Sherlock supposed that was a small comfort to him, knowing that no matter what, John always had people around him who loved him and looked after him. Even Mycroft, though Sherlock was sure John would never believe that and could care less but regardless of John’s thoughts on his brother, Mycroft would always look out for John, always have some form of protection nearby his mate and that soothed Sherlock’s aching Alpha instincts, though the chemical suppressants Mycroft had given him were also a huge help.
' so John had promised never mentioned it. Whenever it was time for his heat, he would call up Harry to make arrangements to stay at hers for a few days or spend it with whatever Girlfriend/Boyfriend he had at the time, then he'd tell Sherlock he'd be gone for a week and Sherlock would rarely notice he was gone. It was the perfect routine.
It wasn’t his fault he couldn’t resist, he thought as he left the shop to jump into a cab.
." John winced slightly at the harsh tone, which Sherlock noticed and was about to comment on but John interrupted him.
time.
." Sherlock groaned when John bottomed out, John held him still  for a moment to let Sherlock get comfortable, then started rolling his hips up making Sherlock’s vision flicker. The detectives arms rose again to settle on the back of the couch at John’s shoulders and he pushed himself up and dropped back down again, hard.
"What?" John was starting to pull away but Sherlock couldn’t have that so he kept a tight grip on John and explained.
and he was enjoying it. In fact John was enjoying the affection so much that he lost track of time and it wasn’t until the last rays of sunlight disappeared that he realised they must’ve been in there together for at least a half hour.
"Nice try." Gary chose that moment to speak up and spare his Omega any more distress.
"I’ll never stop protecting you, no one else can have you.
it is! One mention of Baskerville and he sends down my handler to ... to spy on me incognito. Is that why you’re calling yourself
When John had jumped up to go to the bathroom in Henry’s, Sherlock’s eyes had followed his every step his attention only being drawn away by a comment Henry had made when John had closed the door to check his wounds.
"I am." He stated matter of fact and got in, John nearly had a heart attack when the engine started up and jump into the passenger’s side, leaning over and turning off the ignition.
"I am
bed?! Sherlock and John had
Henry had been every bit the polite host and offered them both a cup of tea, leaving out the milk and sugar for John and Sherlock to use at their leisure, he told them about his therapy session with Dr. Mortimer and John noted down the two words ‘Liberty’ and ‘In’ that Henry said had appeared when he was remembering that afternoon. Electing to be professional John turned to Sherlock when Henry was putting the milk back.
." Sherlock gritted out, finally locking eyes with John. The Omega couldn’t believe what he was hearing, Sherlock had to be joking right? He tried to calm Sherlock down, tried to rationalize the situation but he obviously didn't word it properly as Sherlock took it as a criticism and lashed out at John furiously insisting there was nothing wrong with him, drawing the attention of all the diners around them and going on to prove himself by mocking John as he deduced a pair of diners sitting behind them, to the right.
"Please tell me that you didn’t spend a heat with
"John, get out of my way. He needs to be taught a lesson." Sherlock hadn’t stopped growling since John confirmed his fears and it only got louder now John was protecting the other Alpha. John did step away from the door but only to approach Sherlock and wrap his arms around his waist carefully, Sherlock was going through another phase of Alpha protectiveness and John didn’t want to antagonize him since that hadn’t worked out for him so far.
"Well for two reasons. 1) Mycroft was here, he had some people going through that Frankland blokes work and he wanted to *ahem* discuss some of what happened with me because you two were
"Caught in five minutes. ‘
By the time Sherlock had pulled into the car park at the pub, John was shifting restlessly against his seat and tugging at his clothes, the Omega had already managed to shuck off his coat, jumper and had half unbuttoned his shirt before Sherlock could reach over to stop him from undressing further.
, let this man go. John was his in every way and he was going to keep it that way.
"Is there anything I can do for him to make it easier?" Billy smiled at that, clearly this man was a good Alpha.
John sensing that Sherlock felt undermined, innocently tilted his head to the side and presented his neck to the man in submission and that was the straw that broke the Alpha’s back, Sherlock stopped dead and John bumped into his back.
"Sherlock." John said calmly in an attempt to not further anger the snarling Alpha and he saw the exact moment when Sherlock came back to himself and realised what he’d done. The dark haired man swallowed and turned away from John, dropping forward momentarily to grab the keys off the ground.
“Love you.” Was the last thing John managed to say before he drifted back off to sleep.
"That makes me very happy, John." Sherlock growled low and slipped his own hands onto John’s Shoulders to squeeze rhythmically before continuing.
?" He drawled in question and Gary snarled, not liking being ganged up on by two Alphas; Billy leaned over and nuzzled his lover’s bristly cheek to calm him down. The image brought forth the memory of John doing something similar back in that dining room earlier and Sherlock smiled lightly and glanced out the corner of his eye towards his own lover.
"SHERLOCK!" John roared, finally getting his mate’s attention and then blushed when he saw the other people in the waiting room give them an odd look. Sherlock huffed and pouted at John’s irritated shout of his name causing John to roll his eyes, he really hated it when Sherlock got all sulky, still at least the man was quiet now.
"Yeah. I’ve seen it. Only about a month ago, up at the Hollow. It was foggy, mind - couldn’t make much out" Fletcher bragged as he flicked through the photos on his phone and Sherlock scoffed, glad for something to focus on instead of the delicious scent in the air. He really
Alpha’s before and he still didn’t submit like that,
, Pre-bonding/marriage Sherlock would have just let John go on his merry way but now that they were bonded, married
"OH GOD!" Sherlock screamed and threw his head from side to side, curls tumbling over the pillows as John swallowed, sucked and fucked him with his fingers. This was just too much, way too much!
“He will be fine Sherlock, I’ll personally make sure of it and you will be back. If there’s one thing I’ve learned in the time you’ve know John Watson it’s that nothing on this earth can keep you two apart for long. Now enough of this sentimental drivel, we have work to do.” Sherlock snorted and rolled his eyes at Mycroft’s attempt of consolation.
"Come on, then. It’s time to lay this ghost." Sherlock said gently to the Omega and pulled him slowly in the direction of Stapleton’s lab.
"That’ll be £150 please." John had to hold back a flinch when he heard the price, this was the real reason that Sherlock didn’t want to do the booking, the detective just wasn’t a man to put his hand in his pocket unless it benefited a case, all the same John sighed and nodded as turned to get the money out of his wallet, that was when he saw the Alpha from earlier standing outside the door, talking on his phone. He wouldn’t exactly say the man was attractive and he looked a little wet behind the ears but... he smelled
"It wasn’t easy watching it either." Sherlock mumbled and John lifted his knife threateningly towards him, Sherlock put his hands up in defence and continued to explain.
A girl. Sherlock had a daughter, the detective gave a sharp relived laugh at the news, startling Anthea in the process but he couldn’t care less, Sherlock was a father to a baby girl, nothing else mattered in that moment, except of course…
"It’s
scent, good God! It was amazing, John had never smelled anything like it before, it was so musky and fertile and he couldn’t get enough. Was that the reason John submitted so easily? Because of that lovely scent? It was the best answer John had come up with, so maybe John just...
about the smell of his home but that didn’t matter because someone was here and he was now very glad he had left John back at the baby store. Sherlock carefully placed the shopping bags down when he reached the top of the stairs before the closed living room door and then counted three beats before he slammed the door open and growled.
"John, I want you to wrap your arms around my neck ok?" Sherlock said when he bent over John to pick him up again, once John’s arms were securely around his neck, Sherlock slid his own hands around John’s thighs and stood back to hoist the man up and wrap his legs around his waist. John moaned at the skin on skin contact and began humping himself against Sherlock’s belly making the detectives eyes roll back as he walked them both into the bathroom. Sherlock managed to still John’s movements so he could lower them into the hot bath but once he was sat back in the water with John lying on his chest, the thrusting he had expected to continue never happened, instead John sighed at the soothing heat of the water and scent of his mate, snuggling into his Alpha’s chest, closing his eyes and going boneless in relief. Sherlock watched the display fascinated, was that really all it took to calm John’s restlessness?
"Coffee. I made Coffee." Sherlock clarified and pressed the cup forward a little more.
"We’re more than happy to pay for the damage." John said and Sherlock gave him a glare which was not unnoticed by Gary, the man just laughed.
, be able to share my heat again? Hm? Does
"If I
sitting down to read the papers and drink his tea. He was actually a little impressed with himself, it only took him twenty minutes to find them this time; maybe today was the day his luck was changing.
, probably to Bart’s for some experimentation but Sherlock had resisted, persevered and forced himself to accompany John, after all it was only to an appointment to document the progress of their child’s growth and make future appointments for further documentation of said child’s progress... or so John had said before he dropped the bomb about their shopping trip.
"I see." John swallowed the mouthful he had and shook his head at his lover, smiling.
He couldn’t forget what John smelled like, tasted like, how he felt cocooned beneath Sherlock’s larger body. He couldn’t forget that John preferred his scent to any other Alphas, Couldn’t forget that John hadn’t washed away Sherlock’s scent marking at his nape and he just couldn’t forget the way his heart had missed a beat when John told him, that the only Alpha John wanted to bind himself to, was him. He wanted to delete it all but try as he might, it was impossible.
By the time they crashed through Sherlock’s bedroom door they were both missing their shirts, shoes and socks, their belts and trousers were hanging open, in fact John’s was halfway down his thighs and their bodies were littered with scratches and bites, some of them trickling blood. Sherlock moaned when a drop of John’s sweat fell from the tip of his nose and landed on a weeping bite mark on his chest, it stung beautifully.
Maybe, there was some hope after all.
"No, I wouldn’t." John wisely chose that moment to stroll past Sherlock to distract him after getting the sense that the man was about to say something really rude. Lestrade pulled off his sunglasses and followed John’s movements with his eyes, something Sherlock didn’t like, not one bit; he narrowed his eyes as they exchanged greetings.
"Don’t be such a drama queen John, besides they must’ve know this was going to happen, after all, the ginger one helped me get you up here the other night whist you were...
"Damn! I must’ve left my things in the bathroom." John cursed and went to retrieve them but he stopped in front of the door, Sherlock yawned and looked up at him curiously.
"What?" John asked confused and both he and Sherlock saw Fletcher puff up a bit.
that jumper and there was no way his child was being stuffed into such a god awful piece of fashion.
are wrong!"
"I don’t have
"Thank you." He nodded and trotted back over to the kiosk he was stationed at to verify the ID, John gave him a look and Sherlock smiled inside.
Omega.
"What the
." John startled himself at the sound of his own voice and the more he sat there surrounded by that addictive scent the more he realized that, yes he
"I bloody
but Sherlock simply
and as far as Sherlock was concerned it was never too early to be prepared and he knew that John shared that feeling.
"Mmm, thanks Billy." John said picking up his cutlery and Billy smiled at him before heading back inside just as Sherlock slid up beside him with two cups and presented John with one of them.
The panic Sherlock had been feeling since the Hollow only seemed to increase and he sank down to the floor at the bottom of the bed beside his and John’s bags and started breathing heavily, manic thoughts running through his mind.
miracle to happen and-"
’ of yours may just give you what you’re asking for." John stuttered out nervously, Sherlock huffed in affection at John’s transparency and then lowered his head down so his lips were a breath away from John’s.
hadn’t seen anything, well he’d see the flashing Morse code but that was it, then again he did
"I’m cold." He defended and John smirked a little bit, it was only late August. When they entered the charming little Pub they were greeted by a large, smiling Scotsman behind the bar.
The Alpha nosed around for another couple of minutes before placing a kiss on the hot skin beneath his lips and rose to his feet, John raised an eyebrow in question.
your house keeper." Sherlock just gave her a look and she threw her hands up and marched forward to dig through the first bag. All that could be heard as Sherlock walked through to what was now his and John’s bedroom was cupboards slamming and the fridge freezer opening and closing, with the occasional cry when something disgusting was discovered but Sherlock didn’t care. He had managed to sneak the little green bag with his guilty purchase from the baby store out from under both Mycroft’s and Mrs. Hudson’s noses, if he didn’t want John to know about it, then those two were a definite no-no.
"Shall we go and see Henry, then?" John asked hoarsely, back to being '
"What was all that about the rabbit?" Sherlock just smirked and pulled up his coat collar and John scoffed, drawing his attention.
"Of course I can bloody drive!" Sherlock countered climbing back out after the Doctor and striding around to reach over and retrieve his keys but John twisted to the side to avoid the hand.
"How long will we be stuck like this?" He asked once the spasm had passed.
By the time Sherlock took the road that led into Grimpen the last traces of awkwardness had faded and he and John were now sitting in a comfortable silence, the relief they felt at the loss of the previous tension was palpable and John was having a hard time keeping a grin from his face. He managed in the end though, after all he didn’t want to frighten the natives.
"Hello brother dear,
"Yes, sir, sorry sir."
." John said firmly in his best captain’s voice and that just made things worse, Sherlock just smirked and tossed the sheet away so he could rise and then proceeded to straddle John’s lap;
"Actually, you could be just the man we want." John said and was pleased when some light shone in Greg’s eyes, mission accomplished.
to Sherlock, John was his whole world, why had that thought never crossed his mind before? Oh! It has though, hasn't it? When he had stripped a horrible green parker decorated with C4 from John’s body calling ‘
"What? Have I missed something?" Lestrade asked confused and Sherlock gave him a fake scandalized look.
"Nothing on the website?" He asked tersely and Sherlock jumped up to show him the adorable e-mail he'd gotten from little Kristy about poor missing Bluebell the rabbit, John was so caught up in reading the cute plea for help that he didn't really hear everything that Sherlock was saying.
It was 9:15AM; A case that only took half an hour to solve was never a good sign, John sighed and mourned for the peace and quiet he never got to enjoy and started hunting for Sherlock's secret pack of cigarettes that he knew the detective kept for when he was going through a dry spell with cases like he had been lately. It was a little amusing for John to watch Sherlock being so stupid for once, thinking that he was so careful and that John hadn’t noticed when he’d been sneaking a ciggy here and there when he thought John wasn’t looking.
"Thought it might break the ice a bit."
-MsGeorgie xxxxxx
, I promise I’ll be quiet." Sherlock coerced and leaned forward to peck John’s lips and cheeks sensually. John tried to resist, he
John ran around for another couple of minutes before Sherlock played a particularly vicious growl over the speakers causing John’s whole body stop and go pale before the man made a run for one of the cages along the side of the room, when Sherlock saw no more movement for a time he finally reached the end of his patience, heart hammering in his chest and picked up the phone to call John. When the man answered he was panting heavily and squeaking through his words.
“I gave you my word that I would, do expect a call soon little brother, it won’t be long now. Good Luck.” Mycroft called in parting and left. Sherlock stood staring off into space for a moment before he too climbed in his car and took off in the direction of his first mission, making sure the phone Mycroft gave him was securely in his pocket.
’ used that as an attraction in their ads on the posters and website.
John and Sherlock remained locked together in the graveyard for a long time, neither one of the wanting to pull back from the kiss and let the moment pass; it was such a shame that breathing was a necessity. John was the first one to pull back a bit but Sherlock followed his lips, dropping one last chaste kiss on them and then resting his forehead against the doctors. John tilted his face up to nuzzle his nose against Sherlock’s who smiled lightly and nosed John back.
"Hm. depends on you; it could be twenty minutes or two hours." John shrugged and Sherlock nodded and dropped his head to nuzzle and lick at the two bites on John’s neck.
Sherlock smiled as more tears welled up in his eyes, it was so much harder to not pick her up again when he knew her name but he refrained anyway and leaned in to press one last kiss to his daughter’s forehead.
"Maximum pressure just under the half second." Sherlock agreed.
for Sherlock’s thoughtful gesture several times over and in many imaginative ways that night once back in the comfort of their flat.
"The drug in the fog, remember John? ‘
." John said flatly and Sherlock rushed over to pull the sheet from the cage and slide it open, when the lights blinked on John looked absolutely terrified and the smell of his fear was making Sherlock both angry and sick at the same time. He had done this, he had made John like this even if he had managed to prove his theory it was not worth the look on John’s face or the pallor of his skin.
. As it happened when we were at the crime scene for the ‘
incompetent, we’ve been waiting here for these pointless test results longer than it takes Anderson to come up with a witty retort, in fact I’m still waiting for
"I’m sorry." He said quickly, John’s eyes widened and his head spun around to look at Sherlock.
He was about to greet Sherlock when he heard shouting coming from inside the sandwich shop and glanced over just in time to see Mrs. Hudson launch a loaf of fresh, baked bread over Mr. Chatterjee's head to crash against the glass door, making it shake with the force.
"Well... it’s an awfully rare condition but when Omegas are in the last twenty-four hours of pre-heat we’re supposed to start preparations, y’know like eating plenty, stocking up on pain killers, finding a suitable place to bunk down for the day but most importantly; we have to remain relaxed. ‘Cause of our hormones going all over the place we need to avoid anything stressful or upsetting, else it can cause a rapid heat like he’s going through right now. Never experienced one myself but I’ve heard that it can be very uncomfortable, it looks like he can’t even talk right now ‘cause of it." Sherlock’s eyes snapped back to John who was still purring and cooing and twitching away on the bed and he realized that since he’d set John back in the passenger’s seat of the car, the man hadn’t said one word. Billy noticed Sherlock looking at John concerned and rushed to reassure the Alpha.
"I see. No witnesses, I suppose."
"Yeah?" The detective challenged egging Fletcher on to huff and pull out his mobile. John was panting a little by this point, he couldn’t help but enjoy the two Alpha’s displays of dominance as they taunted each other above him. Sherlock noticed this and swallowed, he’d have to end this charade quickly and get John out of here and away from this enemy Alpha whose eyes were darkening when the sweet scent of an aroused Omega penetrated the air. If Sherlock was honest, this little shit Alpha wasn’t the only one having a reaction, the poor detective had to squeeze his legs together hard to prevent any further stimuli and his mind was screaming at him to grab John and rub his scent all over him.
spot behind John’s ear, the doctor's hips bucked up harshly and he choked on the protest that was trying to break past his lips.
." They both chirped and Sherlock dashed off to his bedroom to change out of his dressing gown.
"I said no such thing."
?" Sherlock asked and John snorted, ignoring him. When John pushed open the bedroom door he could’ve cried, he was a man who couldn’t stand mess thanks to his army days and Sherlock was the exact opposite if the scarf and coat lying on the floor by the bed was any kind of clue. It drove John extra bloody mad now that he was pregnant too but despite the constant reminders to his husband to pick up his shit it still always found its way to the bedroom floor, didn’t matter what it was Sherlock had in his hands, it all ended up dumped for John to pick up later. John suspected Sherlock was normally aiming for the bed but that was no comfort to him when he was picking up a soaking wet towel from Sherlock’s morning shower.
"Oh John, your Omega mind is just so envious."
"What things?" Sherlock asked huskily and John looked like he was just going to ignore Sherlock and go back to the quiet awkwardness they seemed to have been trying to master all day.
; the second almost broke John’s heart.
"If you don't mind me asking, John, but you're an Omega like me, yes?" Henry questioned, looking over his shoulder at the doctor whose eyes flicked to Henry's and he nodded tersely, he had a felling he knew where this was going.
“A man like you…”
“Is she?”
Sherlock will need to ask.
What are the odds, he wonders, of finding one such as this? He half expects it to be a fugue state, to wake up any second now chasing the left over remnants from the bottom of a bottle. But though his capacity for creativity is masterful there are some things even his imagination cannot capture. Little nuances unique to these illicit encounters that would never have entered on Doctor John Watson’s radar before, well….before. The way the boy steps between John's thighs where he sits on the bed to bracket him in, how he takes a drag and blows the smoke through his nose away from John's face, the movement of his hands drifting across his bare chest to tease at the dip just above his trousers, tight and black...it's all designed to mislead, to entice the buyer into forgetting that this is all really quite dangerous. Illegal. Shameful.
Sherlock considers. The cocaine is still swimming in his blood, but it feels less like a bad fog than before. Not quite the bloody footprints-on-the-floor level of clarity he was hoping for, but at least he has a plan of action now. Something approaching it at any rate.
and how cruel that the mind remembers these things, memories wrapped in sensations wrapped in desires.
As the Sofia sun begins to set, a man stands outside a flat in
Except when you don’t
He clutches the mobile hard enough to dig deep grooves into the palm of his hand before he systematically dismantles it and throws it in the garbage. He turns the television down but not off before he leaves, and wishes fervently for a collared coat to cover his shoulders as waits for Mycroft’s men to pick him up and take him to the rendezvous in Kostinbrod.
He stops pacing. “I’m not going to what?”
The boy takes a moment before he snatches the money from John's fingers. And then it's like a switch has been thrown, and he is suddenly crawling into John's lap, scratching across John's chest, pressing his mouth to the spot behind John's ear and breathing out, hot and heavy, "Then tell me what you want, darling."
"You know that you have to tell me if you are."
, John hears in his head,
Yana is waiting for him in the kitchen, drying her hands with a cloth towel. She’s kept kept the knife on her person, hidden it away inside the folds of her dress, and aside from a red spot on her collarbone looks otherwise clean. She’s holding her shoes in one hand and set of car keys in the other.
“You’ve been planning to kill him for a long time.”
He will not tell her that he understands why she wants to do this. Such a statement would be exceedingly pedestrian and unnecessarily sentimental. The kind of thing John might do, like he wants to sit with people who come to their flat, to pat the hands and offer tea to those who tell their sad stories whilst Sherlock sits there gnashing his teeth and resisting the urge to bite his nails and urging them like thunder to get to the bloody
Stefan will be long gone by then, the ghost of a man who never existed in the first place.
“It’s the only way,” Sherlock whispers. He says this and it means everything: ‘it’ is this mission, ‘it’ is Moriarty and the Fall and doing whatever it takes to protect the people who mean the very most to him in this world.
these days that it's laughable.
Sherlock is more shocked by this than he ought to be, seeing as its his hallucination that’s asked him the question. He scoffs.
“It could have been different.”
Though her rage is like John’s her mind is like Sherlock’s. She
Yana closes her eye. Her fingers have dug little grooves into the quilt, little gouges like wounds. She looks at Sherlock and he nods.
Sherlock’s hands shake as he gingerly removes the memory stick from Michael’s pocket.
He – he can’t.
“You’re not going to…”
He's always known where to find him.
Bulgaria in the summer. 23 degrees; pine trees case their shadows on sun dappled, sprawling lawns in Yuzhen park. Birds sing their songs, melodies eclipsed by the always present undercurrent of far off traffic.
You’ll be the one holding the whip, he thinks.
, says.
Sherlock looks up and his heart stops. John is standing there.
Like recognizes like, eh John?
Mihael is staring very intently into Sherlock’s face. His gaze is glassy and slightly unfocused.
Thank God, John is here to. He is standing beside the bed with his arms crossed, looking down at Yana with a considering expression.
Tears start to gather in the corner of his eyes because he can’t feel it. John’s hand is on his arm, and he can’t feel it.
Somewhere in the deepest recesses of his mind, Sherlock has latched onto this impression of John, printed him out like an image on tracing paper and let him slip through doors which are shut less firmly than usual, is holding him up to the light and watches the sun fade him in and out.
“Milan.” Her voice is surprisingly mature for someone so slight. Based on her appearance, Sherlock had expected a childish tenor. “They said I would be a model.”
location. He imagines he is probably giving away all sorts of things in so few words, divulging the sordid details of the last few weeks to his older brother in the numbers and letters. Can he tell that Sherlock was high not an hour ago? Can he tell that his skin feels as thought it’s stretched too thin, like his bones are too big and he hates, hates,
Mihael takes a deep, startling breath in. He does not even glance at the couple practically in mid-coitus next to him. “You should try it. I think you will like it. I think you will be
“Be serious, John. I realize that you yourself cannot pass up the opportunity to sleep with every woman who presents herself, but some of us are beyond such primitive urges.”
afraid,” he says. “Not just afraid, though. She is angry. Furious.”
John’s smile has slipped, his expression hard as stone now.
have all coalesced to show him John standing behind the large sofa and peering out the window. He is wearing jeans and that terrible cream jumper that washes out his complexion, that reduces the deep blue ocean depths of his eyes to shallow pools. Surface John, carboard cutout John, so one-dimensional.
John takes a deep breath, reaches behind himself to fish his wallet out of his pocket. He’s suddenly overcome with a rush of adrenaline, a fire banked before it explodes. He doesn't want to scare the boy, though his mind can't help but conjure up an image of this one writhing on the bed, wrists wrapped in the iron grip of his fists. Instead, he withdraws a folded note and holds it up between two fingers for inspection.
His thighs tense and the boy hums. One of his hands has traveled up to John's stomach, pressing inside his shirt to feel where his stomach muscles are tight with the effort of holding steady. A finger ghosts over some battle scar, some relic, and the fingers are not these fingers, this place is not what it will never be. And John -
“I am smart man. Smarter than most,” Mihael insists.
“Fine.”
“What?” his voice is like a car crash victim, dragged kicking and screaming out of his chest.
Sherlock looks up reflexively. He primed himself early to respond to his alias, trained himself like a dog at the dinner bell to avoid arousing suspicion.
On the pavement outside a flat in
"You keep looking at me like that and we'll be done before we even get started."
"I want you to suck my cock."
Spitting mad, muscles coiled like a viper ready to strike. Less a small dog and more a feral cat, backed into the corner of a cage.
Mihael’s cheeks are flushed, his pupils dilated.
“Why would she be angry with me?” he wonders. “I’ve done nothing to her.”
“Pay attention, idiot.”
Sherlock sits up and turns to face Yana. They are almost of a height, sitting like this.
help you. She’ll teach you how to survive. She’ll teach you how to control those who would seek to control you.”
"You said so on that case we had with the Alpha who murdered his wife." Sherlock’s eyes widened, strange that they should both take reference form that case.
"No, I can't. Now will you just tell me what's going on so we can finish packing and maybe if we're lucky we'll catch the train that leaves in an hour?" Sherlock snapped, John's instincts told him to back off from the irritated Alpha and this time John did what he was told and took two steps back. Sherlock's own instincts were telling him that this was bad, wrong and unnatural, that he should apologise and comfort his distressed Omega; he resisted. AND FOR THE LAST TIME JOHN WAS NOT
When he reached the top of the grandeur staircase he took a left as instructed and followed along a hallway that was decorated with gorgeous works of art and then just like the girl had said, he ended up in a small sitting room where an even more gorgeous work of art was sitting on a couch wearing nothing but a sheet. John looked at Sherlock, who’d glanced up when he strode in, and gestured in a ‘
"Nope sorry, I don’t believe you. No normal Alpha would be able to smell that this early." John gritted out and Sherlock scoffed and nipped at the skin in front of him in admonishment.
"Oh God... I’m
"Yes!" Sherlock moaned against John’s lips and started pushing John towards the wall by the side of the kitchen until he was pressed against it, he almost fainted when John’s tongue slid across his bottom lip, instead his eyes rolled back in pleasure and he opened his mouth to welcome John inside. If Sherlock didn’t believe in heaven before, he does now, John tasted amazing, sweet and smokey all at once and Sherlock would never smoke again because he had John and John tasted better than any cigarette ever could. Saliva was starting to slide down the corners of their mouths as their tongues stroked and swirled around each other and breathing was becoming an issue, he didn’t want to pull back but he didn’t want to suffocate John either so he did pull away but only enough to rest his forehead against the doctors.
"Of course! Oh! And by the way you’re forgetting something important, in fact the most important thing we’ve discovered." John grinned stupidly and Henry laughed at him and drew his arm across his eyes, wiping away the last of the gathered tears.
was one-sided on her part, let himself drift off to his mind palace for a bit so he could go over everything thoroughly. He thought about Henry’s words, Fletcher’s words, Baskerville, Dr. Stapleton, his trip to the Hollow and every single thing that he and John had done since arriving to Grimpen. Sherlock didn’t know how long he wandered the grand halls of his mind palace before he came to his final conclusion but when he started back to life the pub was practically empty, save for a few old men and one or two couples, perhaps he should’ve skipped the trip to the John Watson wing.
considered John to be a friend, but he
"It’s alright dearie, I just wanted to let you that all the shopping has been put away and that I
Oh a P.s still don’t own Sherlock ;)
"I made up the bit about glowing. You saw what you expected to see because I
and no other bloody stinking Alpha was going to take him away, let alone someone as stupid as Lestrade. The man couldn’t even do his job without Sherlock so how was he supposed to provide for John? Lovely, gorgeous, sweet smelling John.
"Because of what happened last night." Sherlock answered John who tilted his head to the side.
"No, I was just going to go to Harry’s." Sherlock’s hold loosened again slightly but not enough for John to pull back completely, however there was enough leeway for him to lean back so he could slide a hand against Sherlock’s cheek and press his forehead against the Alpha’s. The look on Sherlock’s face was a cross between
"You know exactly what I’m talking about, Sherlock. Who the hell is going to be driving this car?" Sherlock tossed the keys in the air with one hand and caught them in the other with a grin whilst he made his way around to the driver’s side of the vehicle.
Life was good and it looked like it wasn’t going to be boring for a while either.
, with bonding, even if the thought of John belonging to him was an appealing one and the fact he had quite liked the feeling of John’s body pressed against his and the smell of the short man, the
. Do you have some sort of an arrangement?" Henry asked blushing and John just cleared his throat and pulled open the front door giving a short answer.
"Myself." He whispered miserably and it was true, he should be pissed off at himself for giving in to his base instincts again. John couldn’t control his body when he was on his heat but Sherlock absolutely refused to believe that same went for him. He glanced down at John who had strode over to stand at the base of the rock and was reading the map.
"Tell me where they are, please tell me... please." He looked at John with a wounded puppy dog look and John once again had to resist his instinct to cater to his Alpha's needs, this time with a bit more challenge. God his heat must be closer than he thought.
?" John who had remained silent throughout the exchange, and who was rather amused by it if he was honest, chose that moment to intervene, frowning, he pointed at Greg.
"Sh’lok..." Was slurred back as the Doctor’s eyes opened to look up into his own and Sherlock huffed in relief that the man could speak again, even if he sounded drunk.
!" He called and the doctor, who was licking at Sherlock’s belly now, looked up and frowned.
you. You have been drugged. We have
This was strangely enough the first time a case would interfere with his cycle and he honestly didn't know what to do. On the one hand if he joins Sherlock in Dartmoor, they could get it done and be back home by tomorrow without incident. It was very unlikely that he would go into heat in the next 24 hours, well unless he was under an unnecessary amount of stress or really upset.
Still, what was it about that puny Alpha that was setting John off?! He had to know. He could still hear John chatting away to Gary and his bonded Omega as he strutted out of the building, snatching up a half empty glass of beer on his way and sliding up behind this,
"Hello, John."
?" Sherlock replied raising an eyebrow and John rolled his eyes.
"Its fine, Sherlock." Sherlock’s shoulders slumped in relief and he nodded.
Sherlock’s instincts hadn’t let him leave John’s side since they had come back from Devon so the poor consulting detective had been getting dragged all over the place for boring, tedious,
. It happened, there’s no changing that and it helped me realize some things that I hadn’t considered before so please, just don’t say anything." Sherlock nodded and he licked his lips when John’s hand fell, he could taste him, it was nice.
"I’m sorry, I’m so
John gently closed the front door to Henry’s house, not wanting to disturb the hyperactive man who was now sleeping off a strong dose of sleeping pills John had given him. A hound indeed,
fighting the urge to steal an ashtray." John quipped when they’d both calmed down and Sherlock snorted.
"You go do your thing, Greg. We’ll be there in a mo’." John said gently, Greg nodded gratefully at the Omega and followed the two men in front of him towards the little sitting room but as soon as they were out of sight, Sherlock rounded on John.
If it weren’t for John, Sherlock didn’t know where he would be now, no, wait, that’s not true, he knew exactly where he’d be; in that grave John was standing over. Drug overdose or case gone wrong, it didn’t matter because it was simply impossible to think that he could survive without John in his life, it was that thought that had him hesitating for one split second before he fell. Would he be able to survive without John and complete this mission? Would he ever make it back to John when it was all over?
a sunrise and the sunset. In fact ‘
"You go up, I’ll get this. We can talk then, okay?" He asked and John nodded, clearly still tired and slid out of the taxi slowly, once Sherlock was sure that John was inside he turned to the rude cabbie and paid him the fair exactly, there was no way the dick was getting a tip off of Sherlock after he’d disturbed his John. The cabbie grumbled as Sherlock jumped out and Jogged up into 221B, John was standing in the middle of the living room when he got upstairs, he was waiting for the detective.
"Did ... did ... did you see it? You
John grunted when the pressure that had been building in his abdomen released itself and he came for the first time that night, come shooting from his cock and a gush of juices from his arse shot against Sherlock’s face, Soaking his lips and pouring down his chin to drip down his chest to the covers. Sherlock pulled back when John dropped face first to the bed twitching, he licked across his lips like a great big cat and crawled up over John, his leaking cock dragging a wet line along his spine, before flipping him over on to his back.
"Ok love, you know what I like." John called as Sherlock practically ran from the bedroom; John glanced back down at the tiny blue scarf and could feel his eyes tearing up.
', John was sure that Sherlock was the only Alpha in history who was disgusted by an Omega in heat and balked at the idea of a week-long sex marathon with one.
"Henry, he’s not getting away with it, people like
John could taste himself on Sherlock, blood and his juices mixing to give a heady musky taste over Sherlock’s spicy one and his eyes rolled back into his head. He reached up and pulled hard on Sherlock’s hair to tilt his head to side deepening the kiss and causing all the blood, lube and saliva to run down their chins. As the kiss got more and more passionate John raised his other hand up and drew his nails down Sherlock’s chest so five deep bloody scratches formed all the way down the Alpha’s abdomen until he reached his pelvis where he gripped Sherlock’s cock,
"Ever heard of a spot check?" The Doctor asked pulling out his wallet and flashing his army ID, shocking both the corporal and Sherlock when he suddenly went from, seemingly harmless Omega to dominating soldier Omega.
"Someone changed his mind; question is who?" Sherlock answered, his mind already trying to puzzle it out, John snorting pulled him from his thoughts.
The urge to say “Fuck it!” and run towards John, grab him and hold him close, tell him he was sorry and that he wasn’t going anywhere was overwhelming but then a face flashed in his mind, clear as day, a face with a manic grin and insane, twinkling brown eyes. The face of the man who had threatened him and his family, his mate, his child and Sherlock’s resolve hardened once more. It didn’t matter that Moriarty had shot himself right before Sherlock’s very eyes and it didn’t matter that Mycroft’s men had taken care of the shooters trained on John, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson, what mattered was that if there was even the slightest doubt in the minds of Moriarty’s followers that Sherlock was alive, they would come after him the only way their leader had taught them; through Sherlock’s heart, Sherlock’s John.
The tired Omega placed the bags of baby things in the closet by their bed and then proceeded to kneel down to pick up Sherlock’s mess, however when John moved Sherlock’s coat out of the way his eyes caught sight of a small green bag sticking out from beneath the bed... A bag from the baby shop? For a moment John thought he had dropped one but then snorted, this bag was way too small for any of the things he had bought today which could only mean... John’s eyes widened.
"Are you serious?" Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock realized in that moment that yes, the Alpha who got John would be lucky and the thought that the Alpha might not be him...
"No."
"Well, I knew what effect it had had on a superior mind, so I needed to try it on an average one." John looked up at him again, a low Omega growl rumbling in his chest and his knife hand twitched, Sherlock swallowed and backtracked... with dignity.
