And now Dean could feel something rising inside that felt a lot like anger. Why would Dr. Sexy do this? Why would anyone do this? There must be a damn good reason because if there wasn't he was just a fucking coward.
Cas jumped into the Impala and kept his focus on directing Dean to his office while talking nonsense about what he did and didn’t want to take with him. In all honesty, a bit terrified of this talk Dean wanted to have, now that they were alone. He’d feel a lot better about having that talk once they were back home, after he’d put his things away with Dean’s, after they’d snuggled up in bed together and gone to sleep in each other’s arms a couple of times. So he filled the silence however he could, and then they were pulling up and Cas was leading the way to his door.
“Makes sense. And we can modify my rule like that too. Omega for when I have to behave like a typical obedient omega, and Dean for the rest of the time.”
He had some breakfast, the happy, lazy mood he’d woken up in completely shattered. He found that his morning exercise walk had turned into pacing up and down the hallway for an hour, and he decided that this was good. He was irritated, and restless, but clearly his strength was improving if he could pace this long without collapsing. Still, he went back to his room, and sat on a big lazy chair in a discreet corner. Hopefully, she wouldn’t be able to see him through the window. He really didn’t want any more insight from her right now.
"So the next time, the things I did that didn't work out, I won't do again. I'll know exactly how to touch your neck to drive you wild, and how long you like to be teased before you get restless, and everything will just flow better."
But Cas was pretty sure Dean couldn’t hear him. He had snapped back to Brown’s feed. She was still turning, now noticeably more restless, less controlled in her movements. He was fixed to the screen, still repeating those 3 words over and over again, sometimes at the top of his voice, sometimes barely audible. And then he stopped. Through the headset someone had set down, they heard it. One shot. Then two more.
Dean turned for a moment to glare at Cas, then turned again to reach over and activate the voice modulator, reducing Castiel’s further protests to wookie noises.
Dean smiled a “bitch” at him that sounded just like “I’m proud of you”, and Sammy grunted in return, impatiently looking out the window to assess their progress towards the airport.
didn’t really want it. That it was a means to an end for you. And you’re right, things have changed. If you did something like that again, now - ”
The next time he opened his eyes, he was in a bright hospital room. He was hooked up to all kinds of monitors and there was an IV drip (again). As far as he could tell, everything looked reassuringly stable. He found that was able to move, but it was exhausting to do so. And that he was alone in the room.
Dean could see the calm reassurance Cas had meant to offer slip for a moment, and he made himself wait, letting his scent speak for him.
“I was under the impression it was our job to serve and protect. And that we do that partly by answering every call and thoroughly investigating what we find when he get there.”
When he found his way to Salem, and shot his video at Gallows Hill, it all snowballed. He’d spoken, for the first time.
He turned to leave, having decided that he was going to Comic Con whatever the captain had to say about it.
“I’ve been thinking about it on and off for weeks. Starting a security company with a side of private investigation. Sort of a hybrid. More focused on safety and risk assessments and changing background factors to improve safety rather than just planting a guy with a gun there. I’m still thinking it through.”
“This is a complicated word. It’s a word of praise, but more than that, gratitude, acceptance, submission. He’s grateful for what he gives and for giving it, even if it’s rejected and it hurts. He expects it to be rejected. He expects it to hurt. He gives it anyway, happily.”
He walked back to the kitchen, his training taking over in the tense situation, allowing him to look casual as he dropped the pizza box on the table.
“If being an officer taught me anything it’s that a handful of nutjobs show up for pretty much anything that will draw a crowd.”
Dean opened his eyes lazily, his body more relaxed than it had ever been. He should have felt trapped. The wall was still at his back, and everywhere else was Castiel. Cas was slumped against his front, his weight holding Dean in place. Cas’s thighs were under him, cradling his body where it rested just off the floor. Cas’s arms were around his waist, keeping his body close, steady, safe. Cas’s knot was inside him. He arched his back ever so slightly, just to feel it tug, and felt a languid smile break over his face.
Dean’s brief mental search of everyone Cas had been paying attention to lately landed only one possibility.
Dean frowned, dropped the knife he’d been using to dice onions, and walked up to the sink, placing himself where Cas had been, and looking out the window. Where had he gone in such a hurry? As it turned out, not far.
Garth Brooks concert. It didn’t strike him as an event their particular brand of extremists would like to disturb. Some sort of interchurch picnic at the park. Too short, too spread out. Take Back the Night event on campus. That did sound like something they might want to disturb, but it wasn’t usually that well attended. It was more of a fly by event. The people that came didn’t normally stay long.
When the seat moved, he locked his eyes to the previews, gripped the armrests and breathed. Ok, the lights were off now, the show was starting and it was time to relax.
It was a bad day for Novak Aviation, really. As things were threatening to come to blows upstairs, at the main reception area on the first floor, Ellen was loudly demanding to speak to the CEO about a charter flight that had not gone according to plan. She didn’t stay long. Just long enough to get the attention of all the security cameras and all the security staff and demand her money back.
“You can see for yourself, if you don’t believe me. Look me up on YouTube. My channel is called Angel of Solitude.”
“I think something like the omega rule. You know, about how when we’re in public I need you to behave as an obedient omega? Only this would be an alpha rule.”
“I can try. Full disclosure, if this is transmitting to the droids, and I send the wrong command, I could blow us all up.”
He looked for any more roving R2-D2 models, but found only the occasional stationary cardboard cutout, and headed back to where Charlie was now bent over one of the mobile models.
He’d made his pitch, and Benny had loved the idea. He was going to find a salvage yard they could trust to work with. A section of the underground garage was going to be “closed for maintenance” for the driving lessons, and they were going to build a sort of extra-large bay down there for the car maintenance and repair classes disguised as a maintenance storage area. Charlie would help with vehicle and driver documentation. It was really going to happen. The ball was rolling and Dean couldn’t wait to be elbow deep into the engine grease.
“Anyway,” she went on, relieved she didn’t have to voice it, “Jimmy came in a few minutes later. He heard some sort of struggle going on, so he came right for us. I’d tried to escape into my room, so that’s where he’d trapped me. When Jimmy saw what the man was doing he just… couldn’t help it. He got so angry. He really tried to follow the rules. He tried to get the alpha off me, but he wasn’t strong enough at that point. The alpha shrugged him off like he was a pesky bug. But Jimmy kept at it until the alpha had to let me go to deal with him. I scrambled out of the room as fast as I could to get help. When I came back, it was too late. The man was dead, and Jimmy was just sitting there, covered in his blood.”
“Check out the new bus, will you? Let’s see if we can’t get these people on their way sooner rather than later.”
Dean felt himself blush. In the back of his head, Castiel’s voice started chanting “blow me” and suddenly he couldn’t breathe sitting so close to Cas. He saw Cas push play again as he headed for the door. Dean had to get all the way to his bedroom, close the door behind him, and lean against it before he could breathe freely again.
Then he smiled his most besotted smile at Dean, brushed his thumb across Dean’s cheek, and dropped a brief peck on his forehead.
“There’s actually a lot of debate now in the LGBTQ community about that distinction, and how maybe it is a bit transphobic and unnecessarily nitpicky. I don’t know, it still seems to me like there is a significant difference between having a gender preference, even if it’s a broad one, and not considering gender at all, but maybe that's just me?”
The call quality sucked, was the first thing he noticed. Tons of noise in the background. Where were they even calling from? What was that? Then he heard “bomb” and “bus” and that redirected his attention very effectively.
He shook his head and groaned, trying to decide what to do now. They wouldn’t let him just sit here indefinitely without buying something. He had nowhere to go, really, other than back to the bunker and that was an hour’s drive away.
“You’re a good man, Dean. You taught me everything I know about being a man. But you didn’t have anyone to teach you. And I think you never really learned some of the things you taught me.”
Cas and Sam both gave him equally baffled looks, so he continued. Clearly they weren’t getting it yet.
It had taken Dean a very long time to let go of those days. He didn’t so much forgive himself as just managed to make himself stop thinking about it. Honestly, even then he probably only managed it because they’d been so damn busy saving the world for so long. He looked up at Sam, his brow rising up in a clear if unspoken question.
“I forgot she was here, actually,” Cas sidestepped, “I’ll go get her from the safe room. We should get her something to eat and get her to the center and on her way to safety.”
He was still a bit miffed when Frank cornered Dr Sexy in the staff room. When they argued about Dr Sexy’s original intentions when he invited Frank over, Sam was rooting for Frank to punch him in the nose. When Frank crowded him, fingernail poking Dr Sexy in the chest, demanding an apology for the way he had ignored Frank all night, Sam froze, popcorn half-way to his mouth.
The security guards arrived, and informed Cas there was a black and white outside, and more on the way. In his peripheral, Miller glanced towards the stage area where later the light saber battle would take place. Dean began to move in that direction.
“Anyway, I wanted to apologize. I’ve learned a lot in the months you were in Eden. I think it might all have been so different if we’d met some other way,” his smile was full of a sort of nostalgic regret, but he shook off the mood and continued. “I'm sorry I didn't know how to help you, then. You needed to feel safe, not - ” not knowing how to finish that sentence with dignity, he vaguely gestured his frustration.
That’s what he’d told Dean, anyway. The truth was, there was only so much they could do when they couldn’t connect the man and the gun. On paper, he hadn’t done anything illegal at all. And so they ended up going their separate ways at the end of the day, the thrill of having found the child before he came to harm buried under the sense of helplessness that followed it. That weight stayed with them until their next date that weekend.
“I used to, at first. But not anymore. Let me break down for you how those conversations usually go, alright?”
Dean looked but couldn’t see anything until Charlie had adjusted his position and directed her phone light around his head.
“I guess the point is, it didn’t work because it wasn’t me. After it was all over and done with, I didn’t miss her and Ben nearly as much as I missed me while I was with them. And so I think that maybe it could work with the right person.”
Cas was limp and breathless under him, and when he thought his legs would hold him, Dean made himself get up and clean up the mess. The look of dazed bliss in Castiel’s face was fading into sleepiness by the time he was done. It never occurred to Dean to go back to his own room. He shuffled sleepy Cas properly into bed and settled down next to him.
Should he play the song for her? It was kind of an important thing in his life right now, and he thought she would want to hear it. But then again after the fight… For now, he decided, he would just pretend like the song didn’t exist. Maybe in a few days, after things calmed down and there were comments they could read together, he’d think about it.
“I’m sorry,” he’d said for what seemed like the hundredth time. “I know you were really hoping for something that would lead you to this guy. I wish I could give it to you. I always try. But my brain doesn’t work that way. The kind of details that would be useful to you after the fact don’t register. My brain isn’t as interested in getting the man arrested as in getting out alive. I can’t do anything about that. That’s just how it works.”
“I see this guy walking by down the sidewalk, and he just stops like he remembered something and turns into the parking lot. He kinda weaves a little maybe, not like he’s drunk, but more like he dropped his keys or something. Anyway, he finally gets up to my door here and he’s all, buddy, you need to switch buses.”
Half a cup of coffee later, he was cooking up some bacon, eggs ready to scramble next to the stove and a few slices of bread waiting by the toaster. Should he make something for Sammy? Pancakes, maybe? He could whip up some batter and toss them on the griddle when he heard Sammy come in and head for the shower.
He clung, and Dean could fell the emotion rip through him. As much as he hated the memory of Cas walking away that day, as much as he was kicking himself for just letting him walk, for being such a incredible jerk to Cas that he came to that point at all, he made himself set that aside. Cas had things to say right now. And if he needed to cling to Dean like a stubborn limpet while he said them, then Dean would stand there and be
He stopped for a moment, his eyes closing as if he quietly mumbled the line again, trying to recapture the feeling.
“And ruin the show?” Miller chuckled as he shook his head. “You couldn’t stop me before, and you can’t stop me now.”
“No bombs. In the engine compartment or anywhere else, as far as we can tell. We’re waiting for a k-9 for a final sweep, but I’m confident she’s clean. Well, let me rephrase that. I’m confident nobody planted a bomb in her. I’m also thinking she was probably going to blow anyway.”
“Lisa’s great. Ben is about to start 4th grade and his best friend just moved away, so he’s decided he wants to go to his friend’s new school.”
Anyway, he went in to meet the men, making a mental note of the current locations of the generic SUVs full of officers who were here to arrest the men (after they had sufficiently discussed the potential uses of a few strategic locations). Rendezvous point was the food court, and he headed there, sitting as they had agreed, just outside the pizza joint.
“I’ll be damned. He beat me to college after all. Good job, kid,” Cas chuckled before he walked out.
“If you want to tell me about it, at some point, I’ll be here to listen,” and having given him an opening, Cas waited for Dean to decide where the conversation was going next.
Then Cas turned around, went into his room and closed the door. Almost immediately, through the door, he could hear Cas start singing again.
“You are a suspect in the kidnapping of Castiel Novak. I’d ask you to accompany me to the station but that’s kind of a drive. Before I call your local authorities, I’d like to ask you a few questions for my report.”
Cas knew. The more he thought about it, the more Dean realized Cas must have known all along. All those times Cas was in his head, healed him, walked in his dreams. He must have felt that there were some feelings there, repressed or not. Dean wondered if he knew what to call them, if he’d hoped that Dean would figure it out in the end. If he had predicted they’d come to this.
And as he told Sam what they’d learned, Ellen and Benny cleared the plates, more paper was brought up, Charlie pulled up Google Maps while Donna scared up some pens and they’d decided that if they were driving up, they really should make it Tuesday. Nobody suggests or even considers that maybe they should wait a few weeks, until Dean’s probation is over. He wouldn’t have stood for it anyway.
“I get it. You’re into Dr. Sexy, that’s why you want him to be bi or into pans or whatever. But Dr. Sexy is straight as an arrow. He’s not into dudes.”
Dean forgot to be irritated by the interruption. He was cool with her being here and talking, as long as it was Cas they were talking about. Should he encourage her to talk? It probably wouldn’t take much, considering. But it felt underhanded and wrong somehow, to pump her for information. Still, he could hardly be at fault for what she might say if he just let her talk…
His mind filled with images of Cas circling him, lunging in what was meant to be a threatening way. Every cell in his body wanted Cas to lunge. To flip him down to the mat and pin him down and… he made himself stop that train of thought. He needed a shower. A long, cold shower. He went, but he took the pillow Cas had been sitting with along to his bedroom.
“I had you and I had years. You had a father than was never there and a motel TV. He didn’t do his job, Dean. And when he wasn’t there to teach you, you picked John Wayne and Jimmy Stewart and a bunch of other guys to teach you how to be a man. They were tough, and you needed to be tough too. But there’s more than that to life, even for tough guys. Sometimes even chick flick moments. But those were never in the movies, were they?”
Not really knowing what to say to that, Dean took a big bite of his sandwich and just kept listening.
Michael reached for the phone on Castiel’s desk, his face a mask of defiance. He found Castiel’s hand in his way. With a smirk, he turned to open the door and leave the office. The smirk fell right off his face when Jody and Bobby walked in, instead of Michael walking out.
He set Dean to taking care of the kitchen and went to gather his valuables, the backpack and some of his clothes. The tee, of course, and the jeans. But he couldn’t quite decide what else to take. If he was going to help people like Benny and Ellen with their businesses, he’d probably need a suit, but the ones he owned seemed ridiculously over the top. He looked towards the suits hanging in his closet.
He stepped away from the cameras, his focus changing from trying to find something on the screen to trying to get trough to somebody in this place.
And, of course, there was Comic Con. He found the location on the map and circled that with the two circles as well. Dean had said Charlie mentioned vaguely threatening messages. Or at least hate mail. A lot of it. He really wished he could get his hands on it. He’d talk to Charlie, try to get a better idea. He meant to move on, but his fingers refused to move away, instead circling and circling, making the red circle thicker and thicker. If he’d been working directly on paper it would have ripped by now.
So Dean sank into the couch in his living room, and not even watching the comments roll in brought him out of his funk.
Dean took a moment to look through the first door, and it looked exactly like every classroom he’d ever walked by.
They picked up ribs on the way home, and dug in quickly, not bothering to warm them up, then cleaned up quickly and collapsed on the sofa to wait out the food coma with Dr. Sexy. Dean reached over Cas for a blanket, Cas reached around Dean for the remote. Neither quite explained what happened but somehow, they ended up all tangled up in each other.
“He, uh – gets around. Anyway, the point is, Dr. Sexy is not even remotely interested in the new nurse.”
Images of making out in the back seat of that sweet ride took away what breath he had recovered by now.
He asked himself if maybe Cas had been about to ask him to go back to his own bed, but then Cas curled into him, almost clinging, and Dean held on. Tomorrow. They’d talk tomorrow.
There were, of course, more than 4 churches, but he decided most of them were too small. They were also, for the most part, concentrated within a few blocks, so he reasoned that anyone wanting to target a church would pick the most well attended one in the immediate area. There was no sense going to the small church with 50 parishioners when there’s a large church with hundreds of them half a block away.
“You wouldn’t,” Cas explained. “It’s just a little melody I’ve been keeping my fingers busy with. It’s… very rough. And anyway, it’s more country ballad than classic rock, don’t you think?”
Faintly, Cas heard the captain’s voice telling Miller they had lost his visual, that his camera was covered up. There was no response. He couldn’t look away from Dean.
Pick out a costume. Something that would both provide cover and fit in with Dean and Charlie. He did not want to be a stormtrooper. And like Dean, he was too tall to be an ewok. With only a few days to go, the good costumes would probably be hard to find. He should probably do that first. He rushed out to his car, pulling up Maps and asking it to find costume stores or rentals in the area. There were only two within a reasonable distance. He found his costume at the second store. He wasn’t happy about it, but it would do the job.
The casual note in his voice was somehow more jarring than the frantic tones of just a minute ago. He had barely taken two steps when Cas tried again.
Cas smelled so relaxed and confident that Dean couldn’t help responding to that. He found himself laughing easily, even flirting, and enjoying every minute of their meal. He shuffled closer, after, wanting to be closer to the scent, feel the warmth of Castiel’s body for a moment. Cas welcomed the move but didn’t reciprocate it. Why not? Was it because this was where he worked? Because he was worried that it would cross some line? That Dean would get scared? Because he wasn’t ready to get that close yet?
He wasn’t sure he understood why, but he made himself scarce the rest of the day. He’d probably need to be involved in this tomorrow, unless they found something today. They wouldn’t, though, he was pretty sure. Whatever was going on here, he was fairly certain that it wasn’t an injured officer managing to reach a phone and calling for help. In another atypical move, he decided to leave the paperwork for tomorrow and headed to Dean’s.
Cas had relaxed into the sofa cushions, looking more blissfully at ease than he’d ever seen him. Well, outside of bed anyway. Dean was enjoying the sight rather more than he’d expected to. He found his foot swinging along to the song, which must mean that at some level he was listening but Cas had his entire attention. So much so that it could have just as easily been “Rawhide” or “Stand by Your Man” for all he knew.
Charlie probably said something to that, but Castiel was already digging through his files and thoroughly zoned out. He’d printed a screenshot of that for his report. Digging it out, he held it up to the screen. Inconclusive, at best. But those were stills. He knew in his gut that it was the same guy. There was just something decidedly different about the way he moved. In both videos.
They had checked out any likely area they could think of and the rooms where several of the events most likely to be well attended were and Cas had even talked them into checking out the booths and actually doing some of what they had come here to do.
“Yeah, sorry. When I said I notice things, they’re not usually the kind of thing that will be useful to you in tracking down a killer, or whatever. There was a glint. A cruelty in the glance. And it was directed at the child, even when they were looking at you.”
They had lunch, and then started walking around looking at costumes and picking out merch and teasing each other about their choices now that they were all together. They had about an hour until the first session they were going to check out was ready to start and no particular plans to fill it.
I had not intended this to be its own chapter, but I felt like we've been waiting for it so long that it deserved some special attention. Enjoy!
“Ok, for example: because I have to cultivate my public image, once we’re linked, it’s important that in public you behave like a typical obedient omega, and I like a typical dominant alpha. So, that would be a rule. If we’re out at a store or the movies or wherever, you do as I say without asking questions. At home or in our wing of the center, though, the rule doesn’t normally apply. And we can talk about it at home so that I don’t ever tell you to do something you don’t want to do when you can’t question it.”
“I know. If it was easy, I wouldn’t have called you. There’s got to be something we can do here, Cas. We can’t let that kid leave with the man.”
“Benefits?” Cas froze for a second. “I haven’t really thought that far yet. We’re hardly ready to hire. What kind of benefits do you have in mind?”
He stood up then, ostensibly to get himself another beer, but mostly to put some distance between himself and all those memories.
“I think what bothered me when I heard you say the girl was your omega and the itchy feeling are related. It’s not so much that it bothered me to hear you call her your omega when I know it’s just a line to get her away from the guard, but that it bothers me that - ”
It didn’t take hypervigilance to figure out that the woman who lived there was discreetly trying to get rid of them. The question, of course, was why. People often tried to get rid of detectives, for all kinds of reasons. Sometimes it was because they had something else they wanted to be doing, or didn’t trust cops. Sometimes they were hiding something. Anything, from an unpaid ticket to a dead body.
Suddenly feeling awkward, Dean excused himself to let his boss know he needed to leave, and a moment later they were headed to the parking lot.
“I’ll read him his rights right after coffee,” Jody quipped, before sitting herself at the table where Ellen had left the large coffee pot.
Dean leaned in with a nod, and Cas, having finally retrieved the phone, hit play again. This time he focused on Dean’s expression rather than on the audio. It changed immediately, even before Miller’s voice came through. He let it run.
They headed to the car, neither of them saying a word until they were safely buckled in and on the way home.
The bus driver had been contacted and told to evacuate the bus immediately. He’d said something about a guy telling him to change buses a few minutes ago.  That was pretty much all they knew so far. Castiel asked for a passenger list and didn’t recognize any of the names on it. He’d have to look at that more closely later. Assuring the manager that his passengers would be on their way shortly, he went to talk to the bomb squad.
“I don’t actually have any memories with this song, but I was kinda hoping we could change that. Make a memory, together, right now.”
He made himself shut his mouth. If he really focused, maybe he could make himself shake his head. It might be easier if he closed his eyes. He closed them and shook his head slightly.
Dean closed in, attempting nonchalance, but that only lasted until his nose was buried in Castiel’s neck, his smile spreading against the warm skin he found there. Since he’d undoubtedly given himself away already, he dropped the gentlest of kisses before drawing in the proud alpha scent and then nodding.
Somehow, they pulled it all off. And with skin to skin contact the urgency seemed to fade. Hands gentled and took their time exploring. Lips brushed everywhere they could reach, seeking out sensitive spots, stopping to nuzzle, to scent, to worship.
They talked around him, for a minute, largely ignoring him, and Cas let them finish their conversation as he finished his pizza. Now that it had served its purpose, he might as well eat it. He was hungry, and who knows how long they’d keep him busy this afternoon. Hopefully less than the 3 hours of battery time his phone could muster while transmitting video continually.
He settled into a deep reclining seat, and carefully placed his drink in the built-in cup holder. He had maybe a minute to figure out how to balance his coat and his popcorn before the seat was due to recline. He spent it arranging and rearranging both, determined to keep his attention on his own space tonight.
“The one you were wearing in that picture, in your office, in front of your desk, with the view behind it. In that article about your return to Novak Aviation.”
“I have something for you,” he started. What does one say when giving someone special a special mixtape when it wasn’t a special occasion, anyway? He should have asked Sam. He extended the tape towards Dean, but found he was leery of letting it go.
“Yeah,” Cas smirked, “that. I have a house here. Much larger than I need it to be, but it’s part of that image I told you about. Plenty of room for guests. I’m not going to lie and say to you that I’m not interested anymore. But we barely knew each other when we went our separate ways, and we have both learned a lot since then. So, I think maybe it would give us an opportunity to get to know each other a bit better. Nothing has to come of it. And you wouldn’t have to stay here until you figure out where you’re going next.”
It was about 3 hours after Dean had stomped into the garage certain that his day was going to be shit. He was standing on top of the world.
Megan pointed, and sat down again. She’d wait until the sheriff was back to inform Castiel. No sense interrupting him multiple times. And as for the other two, “delivery lady” and “wannabe businessman” as she’d come to think of them, they could wait, especially after that scene they made.
Dean went at the menu like a kid let loose in a candy store, eventually settling on lasagna, and they talked about nothing more consequential than dessert until their food arrived. Once or twice, Cas noticed that Dean’s eyes darted to the corner, but it seemed rude to ask or turn to look at what was drawing his attention. When he suddenly got up, one minute into his meal, to follow a man to the bathroom and returned too quickly to have actually used the facilities, however, Cas couldn’t contain his curiosity any longer.
Dean woke up to find that he was alone in bed. He’d fallen asleep snuggled up with Cas, and he had meant to wake up that way. He sat up in bed, annoyed.
“I had to figure out how to keep us safe, but that was the same old, same old. I dropped out of high school, got a job, no biggie. The real bitch was wondering where he was, what he was doing, and if he’d gotten anybody killed yet. It was my job to keep the world safe from John Winchester. And I didn’t even know where he was. I had never felt so helpless in my life.”
“Speaking of…” Dean turned to Cas. “My probation is over a little over a week. The next hearing is my last.”
He ate some proper soup this time, walked around some more, and went back to sleep, not quite as exhausted as he’d been earlier.
“I thought maybe you might want to be my partner in this, or maybe a consultant, depending on how much time you’d be willing to put in,” Cas blurted out, awkwardly, like he just wanted to get it out there before he lost his nerve.
“Yes. Wouldn’t you like to tell me? What’s the point of doing anything at all unless you’re trying to make a point? I’d hate to get it wrong and piss off the Mandalorians or the Emperor.”
“They either step up, the way you did or they pretend there’s no problem, no need to sacrifice anything, so they can feel good about their unwillingness to do what has to be done. It would be a funny quirk if it didn’t end up resulting in relentless mocking of one of mankind’s most attractive traits – altruism. Not to mention very self-destructive failures to deal with problems before they get out of hand.”
“As soon as Sammy was old enough to start training, dad decided I was old enough to be in charge. He’d disappear for days at a time and leave us alone. And of course, he’d always tell me how I had to make sure Sammy was safe. Sometimes he’d leave us in a motel room without money and I’d have to figure out how I was going to feed my brother. And then it got worse.”
He knew most of what Dean had actually said was nonsense. They’d been best friends for years. He knew Dean well enough to know he hadn’t actually been telling the truth. But whatever his real reasons were, he had gone to some effort to get rid of Cas, and Cas certainly knew when he wasn’t wanted. Still, some of it had hit a bit close to home. Case in point – Dean had told him to grow up. And looking at himself now, he saw someone who could barely put together a sandwich or make his own bed. There had always been someone there to do it for him. And indeed he’d never been anywhere he couldn’t ride his bike to. He’d watched videos. Gone on virtual tours of places his family went to. But he’d never actually gone.
Startled looks went around the table, and then Eileen’s knowing smile was back, and she signed something to Sam that Dean didn’t understand. It didn’t matter though. He was here, Cas was here, and they had a second chance.
Because that was normal procedure, Cas told her to get Legal on the phone, and get him a few minutes to discuss the situation with them before bringing in the sheriff. Megan left; Sam and Dean exchanged a smirk.
And Dean was off like a shot, down the hallway and to Castiel’s door. He hesitated for a moment at a door. What would he say? What if Cas was getting ready to go out now? He almost turned around, then made himself stop, take a deep breath and knock on the door.
“To the beginning,” he finally said. Their bottles clinked together, and as the music went on in the background, he found himself getting lost in the possibilities. It was Castiel’s voice that brought him back to the moment, repeating, through a smile.
When he looked up again, they were in the bathroom. Cas was slipping out and setting him down on the cold granite counter. He turned on the shower and made quick work of removing the clothes they were still wearing. When he looked up at Dean again, his head was adorably tilted, and Dean couldn’t help tilting his own in response.
“I started drinking too much. Ended up in a really bad place. Cas came to the rescue. He didn’t have all that much power left, but he used some to fix me up, and then put us both into a cab and got me back home. This song was on the radio, in the cab.”
“But at least we know who he is now, and we can discreetly keep an eye on him. If he makes a move to try again, we’ll be there to stop him.”
Cas turned around sharply and mumbled what sounded like a blue streak. Indistinct to Dean, except in tone, but probably clear to the other two. Then his voice cleared and hardened.
“Just remember Cas is a great guy that would never hurt someone on purpose, okay? Especially not an omega. Even if he’s being a bit weird, there’s no reason to be afraid of him.”
“I couldn’t be happier with the way things turned out,” Cas continued, “but I still don’t know what upset you in the first place. Whatever I did or didn’t do, Dean – I don’t want it to happen again.”
He loved Cas, he knew that for sure. Not the way he loved Bobby or dad. He didn’t see Cas as somehow above him, which was ironic, Cas being an angel and everything. Not like Jo or Charlie either. He didn’t feel the need to be extra careful and protective, Cas could handle himself. In fact, Cas could handle himself and he could handle Dean’s shit too, which was harder and honestly, most people just couldn’t. Maybe that’s why Dean dished it out so often. He knew Cas could take it and shake it off. He wouldn’t break, and he wouldn’t run, and he would still be there for Dean afterwards. He loved Cas the way you love someone you see as your equal. So, like a brother.
Maybe nothing, the first time. He did sit back down, after all. But the second time. Something got him scrambling out of his seat. And he froze, for a second there when the popcorn fell and the guy in the coat was standing up in full view. He stared, like a man who wants to remember.
Dean tried not to devote any time to contemplating how this fit in with their story. He was starting to see this wasn’t a song about how great love is, here.
“I get that you want to help. I get you think I need to talk about it. And I do. Later. But right now I need to be alone. So these are your choices right now. You can respect that and leave me alone and we can talk later. Or you can ignore me and not only are we not talking now, we’re not talking ever. Choose.”
“I tell you what, Cas. If you still want to kiss me when you sober up, give me a call. We can go for a drive and you can blast the flying song all the way on loop, if you want. I have the CD.”
And he couldn’t help it. His first coherent thought was wondering if Castiel’s dick might in fact be delicious. Time to take Baby out for a ride.
“I do love it. Working with cars and working for Bobby,” Dean considered. “But I’d think about it, I guess. Depends on what I’d be quitting for.”
“I’m sorry I know it’s a lot, but food safety regulations when you deliver items that aren’t sealed are just...” and she dramatically rolled her eyes as she hadn’t done since the last time she’d been Queen of Moondoor. “O, and water. Make sure it’s clear of water, or anything really, that could make the pastries soggy.”
Dean didn’t know what Cas was planning, but he was pretty much up for anything that would put a smile like that on Castiel’s face. This seemed promising.
“I’m not sure yet, exactly. I spent about a month on campus auditing a bunch of classes when I flew in, and I’m taking some Music and Multimedia Production classes, but not joining any specific programs for the moment. Honestly, I’m a bit intrigued by the Culinary Arts program. But I don’t see myself cooking professionally, so I’ll probably just take a few electives from there and buy a lot of specialized cookbooks,” Cas shrugged. “I’ll see what happens after the first semester.”
When Cas grabbed his hand this time, it felt different. It sent him back to the many times they’d needed to communicate silently in the middle of a hunt. He held on to the hand, on full alert now.
What would he do when Cas was at work?  He’d have to see what there was to do there. But if he was honest, he thought maybe be would prefer to come to work with Cas and find some way to make himself useful
Now there were words he could relate to. But this was supposed to be about Cas. So he made himself search for the words.
He made himself stay put, no matter how the voice in his head urged him to walk across the hallway and rub his scent all over Cas.
“These aren’t songs about particular moments in time that you might or might not remember. Just songs I saw myself in through the years. My favorites, of all the songs I saw myself in.”
He saw Castiel’s fingers spreading over his own first, thumbs brushing the back of his hands, drawing them closer.
He should have known better than to try to relax around so many people, though, even if they were going to be in the darkness of a movie theater. He had hoped that the movie score would drown out the sounds of the people around him, the light on the screen would blind him to what they were all doing, and the action movie would be engaging enough to keep his focus on the screen. It had worked before. He thought it would work again.
Castiel’s brow seemed to indicate he had a clear preference, but as it was his accomplishment they were celebrating, he would leave the choice to Dean.
Cas nodded with a smile and Dean reached for a piece of apple. It was the apple he wanted to gobble up. That was why he undoubtedly looked like a starving man looking at a feast. He needed him some apple. Yeah, this could work. But he was so busy psyching himself up he sort of fumbled the apple, his fingers slipping and getting caramel sauce all over them.
“No, really, that was GREAT. I really thought you were scared when you turned that way… ” he stopped, having just noticed who was standing by the door. His smile went wider, and he nodded, then returned his attention to his student.
It was pretty obvious they were looking for a teenage girl, but their search came up with exactly zero teenage girls dying under mysterious circumstances involving cheerleaders within the last year. Or even going back as far as 30 years. Cas had a lot of questions.
“I have a plan that could get us – uh, some old junkers to fix, demonstrate the skills. And then we could maybe… have a restored car that we could send someone off in, if they needed wheels. Not everybody, obviously, but if there’s one with young pups maybe, or an injury or something.”
He was about to cross Main Street towards the bar when a couple of young men came out of it. He hesitated for a moment, not wanting to talk to anyone.
Castiel’s eyes were deep pools of love and gratitude he wanted to lose himself in. And he would, in a minute. But not before he thought of how he’d not really made much of an effort to get to know Cas at first. They’d helped him understand humans, sure. They’d taught him things. But they hadn’t really made an effort to learn about Cas. About angels, sure. But not about Cas.
“So, I propose the following rule, which we will call the alpha rule. If you address me as alpha, I will take the lead or otherwise behave as a typical alpha. If you call me Castiel, that means the alpha is getting pushy and is not needed. The rest of the time I can be Cas, as you seem to like that nickname for me more than my full name anyway. How does that sound?”
“This tree had a rock to hang on to. Strong roots clinging to all sides of it, wrapping it up. And it followed the retreating soil, look.”
There, that was reasonable, right? And safe, since he’d more or less done that last night. He saw that Cas was still listening, so he continued.
He looked her over, his voice kind and soothing in a way Dean had never heard it before. Somehow it made him madder, even as it calmed her down. Her father had sold her to a business associate. She had run away.
“He’s dead. I never got the details,” Dean reached for the box, “but a couple of years later I heard that he’d finally gone after one of his monsters. Guy shot him dead in self-defense.”
, date. Like a dress up, go somewhere nice, get to know each other date. He would just keep it professional for the interview part, then take Dean somewhere nicer for dinner, and take his cue from Dean at that point. It should work, right?
“How did I do?” Dean asked, suddenly remembering all the times he’d been a complete dick to Cas over the years.
“You? You would never. You’re the princess in this story Charlie, just like Miller was the bad guy. You’ve got this.”
How many times had he kept his feelings to himself through the centuries? How many people were there that truly knew him?
“He sounds like an angel. The hair is kinda like his grace,” Dean reasoned, his voice giving away his awareness of the other parallels.
Sam offered Michael his hand politely, leaning in as Michael shook it to add significantly, as he squeezed perhaps a little harder than strictly necessary.
He was already out the door, but Dean could almost see Sammy scrambling to pay for their ice cream, and looking through the windows to see where his brother was going so he could follow. He wasn’t going far, so Sammy would catch up. Dreamy guy needed an exit, and Dean was just the guy to come on over and pretend to be his boyfriend.
They walked up the stairs together, commenting on some feature of the house as they went. Cas opened the door directly across from the master bedroom and gestured in the general direction of the bed.
Dean was waiting by his car when Castiel exited the building a couple of hours after lunch. He was parked at the far end of the parking lot, leaning against the driver’s side, looking down at something. His phone? His shoes? It was hard to tell. He looked up then, and even though he couldn’t see his eyes at this distance, he could tell that Dean was watching him approach. How was he supposed to keep it cool and professional with Dean looking like he was fresh out of every one of his teenage wet dreams?
“You were sick, Dean. It was my turn to be there for you. I almost - ” he swallowed hard, shook his head and changed course. “I think we’re even on that one.”
He was headed out of town when he saw a familiar shape waiting by the gate. It seemed he was going to do a few more things he wasn’t supposed to while he was in town. He stopped the car, got out, and ran to his mother. He took a moment to look at her, decide she was well, if more frail than he had expected. Then he gave her a crushing hug, let her feel that he was hale and strong and still the boy who loved her. When he let her go, he dropped a soft kiss on her forehead, glanced around to make sure they couldn’t be overheard.
He had negotiated for an extra hour at lunch in return for coming in early and opening every day ages ago. Despite his fondness for sleeping in on his off days, Dean really liked that first hour of the day, before everyone started coming in. He could just devote all his attention to the engine in that quiet time. And he really liked taking his time at lunch. He was not a fan of trying to eat a sandwich in still oily hands, especially if it was one he made at home hours ago.
“Let me apologize in advance for bringing your grandmother into this,” and Dean sounds so regretful Cas actually snickered. “But it’s like your grandma’s cooking. Grandma’s anything is always the very best, right? Better than anything you might find at a fancy restaurant. And you can’t even really explain why because there’s nothing much about it that is unusual. She just used the same 5 ingredients everyone else uses, but hers is somehow special, yeah?”
“And then, maybe it just became a habit? Maybe he kept himself so busy he really did forget about the pie completely, or didn’t notice that the party’s over, everyone else has gone home already, and he could taste it, see if it was as good as it looked. Maybe he was afraid that after eating so many sandwiches he wouldn’t enjoy the pie. Maybe he figured he had time, the pie would still be there in another 10 years, waiting.”
The band in Benny’s garage filled the screen, everyone adjusting their instruments, but it was Castiel’s voice that came through the speakers.
broke out in Dean’s brain, but he didn’t dare listen to it. If Cas touched him right now, it would very quickly become apparent he was lying through his teeth. Or he’d do something stupid like whine and beg him to get into bed. He had manipulated and pushed things before. This time he was going to be patient and wait for Cas.
This had to be some sort of human hangover after effect thing. It had to be, right? For a second there he actually thought Dean had asked to… no, that couldn’t be right.
The Impala was empty, but Dean’s phone was in the passenger seat, so he’d definitely been here. Why had he left the car? Where did he go?
Benny started to hint that, now that they’d found their last band member, he’d really like to wrap up so he can go hang with Andrea.
So, Dean had been involved in a lot of kisses. He thought of himself as a pretty good kisser, in fact. Most of the people he’d kissed seemed to agree with that assessment. He was good at the full range of kissing. Master of the rough kiss, the deep kiss, the soft kiss. Even the chaste peck, though that was his least favorite. But he couldn’t figure out this kiss. Castiel’s body language was hard and hot kiss all over, but his lips were gentle and soft enough for any delicate first kiss. But even that was less confusing than the fact that Castiel was kissing him.
That got Castiel’s back up, so he set the guitar aside and stood up, matching Dean’s belligerent tone.
He spent the afternoon all caught up making Baby shine, and by the time he was done he was covered in grease, wax and assorted cleaners and polishes. He made his way to his shower feeling better than he had in months. Maybe even years. It took some serious scrubbing and the loofah Sammy had insisted he needed to get him clean enough to cook. He must have thanked the old men of letters a dozen times for the water pressure, and the way the hot water never ran out, no matter how long the shower was.
“I had found sex both pleasurable and somehow less exciting than I expected, given how humans seemed to constantly crave it. So I theorized that either I was no good at it, or it she was. And I asked myself how it would feel with someone who would know what to do. Like you. It was a bit of an obsession for a while, truth be told. And I was so incredibly glad to find a way to tell you what I wanted, even if we were both going to pretend it never happened in the morning.”
Having both returned his desk to its pristine condition and heard enough, Castiel pulled out his schedule and left it on the desk.
Cas reached across the table to gently squeeze his hand, and Dean acknowledged the move with a half smile.
Cas chuckled and walked to the nearest flat surface where he could set the basket down. They followed his every step like he was carrying the newborn baby Jesus, which of course, amused him enough to slow his steps and take a moment to set aside his guitar before opening the basket.
He was pulled from his work by a knock on his door, and there was Dean, with takeout in hand. Miller didn’t come up that night either, but the case did come up when Dean noticed what he’d been working on the next morning. They’d gone over a few pages together. It appeared that the lead Brown had been working on was promising. It seemed she’d been closing in on identifying a couple of cops in the ranks of the terrorists.
“Yes, I’m aware. But not like this. It’s different. You have… parameters. You may not know where you fit in the big picture, but you can see the image. For an angel it’s like – it’s like the image is always re-writing itself as you try to find your way around. New layers showing up, and others fading out. Hard to know what matters.”
“Both, really. My fall from Heaven was less of a break and more of a shift. I fell out of grace and into love at the same time, I think. Maybe it would be more accurate to say I fell out of grace *because* I fell in love. Either way, it’s all the same fall.”
Cas was still trying to arrange everything in the back seat as Dean drove off but keeping up the banter now that they were driving away from the crowd was getting difficult. The moment he’d faced the back seat, it had become a struggle to remain coherent when all he really wanted to do was get into that back seat and make out like a pair of horny teenagers.
“Cas is… special, I guess. Kinda mysterious and he does weird things sometimes, but you need to know he’s the nicest guy and he’s not at all creepy. He’s just been through a lot.”
He was almost halfway across the food court when he saw the little girl. Her body language spoke loud and clear. He stopped cold, reassessing the situation. The increasingly scared child, Hot Stuff looking around for something, or someone, the other two ribbing each other, their attention on the child and their eyes turning predatory. He could feel his skin crawling just looking at those two. Who were these sleazeballs, anyway?
When Castiel came looking for Dean after work, he found him in a contemplative, and somewhat somber, mood. Unsure what to make of it, Cas kept his tone light and his smile beaming.
After the best orgasm of his life and the second best orgasm of his life, he’d gotten around to declaring he had been wrong before and now stood corrected, which had Dean trembling with laughter in his arms. And that, as it turned out, felt better than like half the orgasms he’d had before Dean. So he tried to make it happen again.
His hand was already reaching for his coat, the forgotten popcorn falling off his lap in the process. The sudden sound drew the man’s attention, and Dean could see his face now. He tried to focus on his features. Later, he was fairly certain, someone would want to know what he looked like. He tried to take a mental picture of sorts. Remember his eyes or the shape of his face or anything at all. He knew that in another minute he would have no useful information. They would ask him what he looked like and he would say tense, full of barely contained energy, braced for something. They would ask about the color of his eyes and he would say that they looked angry. Later, he would regret this. Right now, he had to get all these people the hell out of here.
“Dean,” he tried again, and it came out like a growl that encouraged Dean to nibble again. But Castiel seemed to be locked in indecision.
Cas dropped his head back then and laughed in a way he’d never heard Castiel laugh before. He sounded angry instead of amused.
“But you didn’t, and then I was outside, and I had no idea what to do. I think I stood out there a full 15 minutes, hoping you’d come after me, listening for your steps on the stairs.”
They shared a quick Winchester hug, and Sam went back to whatever he was researching. Dean sat next to Cas again, his elbows on his knees and his eyes on the carpet.
“Sure, little omega,” Castiel’s voice was more growl than speech “you can do it in your cushy work out room, with all your friends standing next to you. But what if you’re alone?” Cas moved a few inches closer.
And now his little brother was looking at practically a virgin after literal millennia Cas for an answer when his chick magnet older brother was right here. What the hell had happened to his life? Maybe Chuck had managed to pull off an apocalypse after all, and this was some weird parallel universe conversation. That had to be it. The world had ended in a blast, and he’d been projected into a parallel universe where Cas and his brother talked about sex stuff as if Dean didn’t know a damn thing about it.
“It’s because grandma makes it just the way you like it. Nobody else would find it so perfect, because they don’t like it exactly the same way you do. Each time she fed you, she wanted to know how you like it. And you’d say it’s great, and she’d kinda pick at that until you ended up saying maybe it seemed a bit much at the end, and then the next time she’d have added a bit of something, or taken something out, and she’d keep tweaking it until it was exactly right. It’s like that. Except, I don’t need to ask you what you like, because your body tells me immediately. And my hypervigilance takes note.”
Cas stepped aside. He probably should have said he’d be back in a few minutes, after Cas was done drying off and getting some clothes on. He didn’t. He stepped in, waited for the door to close behind him. Cas excused himself and stepped into the adjoining bathroom, where he disposed of the towel he’d been using on his hair.
“Mr. Winchester, I’m actually here because I have some questions about two other incidents. You’re not a suspect in any crimes,” now that he thought about it, that wasn’t technically true, but nobody had any intention of charging him, so Castiel didn’t correct himself. “but you are a person of interest. We think you may have seen something that can help the investigation. I’d like you to come down to the station for questioning.”
When he finally drove off almost three weeks later, he had more money than he set off with, and he’d filled up with trunk with supplies again. He’d also bought new jeans, and a new pair of sneakers. There hadn’t been very much to do on night shifts, and he’d kept himself busy (and distracted) by going above and beyond, providing service at self-service stations, washing windows or entertaining bored kids, and tips had poured in. When he stopped to make the next video, he was in the Jefferson National Forest. He found a quiet space, set up his phone, and allowed himself to think about Dean for the first time in days.
Dean tossed and turned, unable to sleep. He was surprised by how much it bothered him that Cas might be calling the other guy later. He was jealous. Dean Winchester was jealous. He’d never been jealous, not even with Lisa. What did it mean? He rolled over again, Castiel’s voice cycling through “blow me”, “don’t stop me”, and “delicious”.
“If I’m ever going to feel safe I need to deal in reality, not in a twisted version of it I made up in my head. So, it’s important that I understand where I failed. And if we’re going to be together, even temporarily, it’s important that you understand that I’m… ”
“What do you say we make this our song?” He had never wanted anything like he wanted to put that sparkle back in the deep blue eyes holding his. “We can play it for everyone when we throw a party to tell them. Maybe slow dance in our cowboy hats.”
Eventually, he decided he had to have a reason to go to Comic Con. A police business reason. A reason that would give them access to support if they needed it but wouldn’t require any great investment in time and personnel. He printed out the nastiest comments he could find on the boards about Comic Con and brought those to the captain.
A snicker went through the group, all eyes on the door. When it didn’t immediately open again, they shared smiled all around, before turning to the door again. Which is why Jody saw that Megan was about to go up and knock, and set out to intercept her.
Okay, so maybe that was a bit more emphatic than it needed to be. Cas was swallowing, his eyes dropping to his feet.
Cas turned, then quickly looked down for a second, before awkwardly refocusing, keeping his eyes firmly above Dean’s neck.
“I was talking to Charlie, yesterday. I had no idea how much of a nerd she is. I mean, I pride myself on knowing people, but she really surprised the crap out of me.”
“Tell me about what happened before the call,” Castiel instructed, having gathered the driver’s personal information, and activated the voice recorder on his phone.
He watched another piece disappear into Castiel’s mouth and thought he’d never seen anything sexier and Cas wasn’t even trying. It was so not fair.
“A number of them are like… like he’s trying to understand what it’s like to be human. I’ve felt all those things. They are… oddly familiar.”
“Is that-” Parker leaned into the desk for a better look. “Son of a bitch! That’s the guy from the stakeout.”
He reached for Dean’s hand now, pulled him closer, and Dean went, gladly. He didn’t stop until he was in Castiel’s arms, nuzzling his neck, breathing him in.
He was standing just outside the door, his black hair wind-tossed same as it always had been, and the royal blue of his Henley making his eyes pop with an intensity that should be illegal. He had the same old bass guitar in a sling at his back, the tightness of the strap pulling the Henley in all the right places. He didn’t think he’d ever see him again. Something in Dean’s chest couldn’t decide whether to expand or contract and it
“She probably went home, now that you’re officially released from her care and mostly just resting.”
He watched Cas eat another slice, and then his feet were moving closer. Maybe it was because they were at this weird intersection of “I’ve loved you forever” and “This is so new” but these small things drew him to Cas like a bee to a flower. He made himself sit down, though, because he’d like to think he wasn’t the kind of guy who turned a snack into a make out session. At least, not every damn time. He could be that kind of guy, right? His eyes followed Castiel’s fingers to his mouth again. A quick glance showed him Cas was watching.
All things considered, they were moving right along. They still hadn’t said or done anything that couldn’t be shrugged off by a good lawyer as just playing around, but they were well on their way. They bought chicken egg rolls, mostly because they were out right now and it required waiting a few minutes, so it wouldn’t look suspicious that they were standing around by the counter, looking into the kitchen area.
“Magic. Now, we need to go West because just as the bad guy always loses at the end, and the princess rises to the occasion, the hero rides off into the sunset.”
He did not, in fact, know where to find Dean. He’d followed once everything had finally settled down. But Dean wasn’t home. And he wasn’t answering his phone. Cas headed back to the station. He wasn’t going to sleep, and Dean wasn’t going to answer, so he might as well go back to his desk and try to distract himself with paperwork.
They had been out on a milk run in Idaho for a couple of days and returned earlier today. Dean had picked up pizza, and they had only waited till they arrived at the bunker because Dean refused to allow greasy fingers in the Impala when they were going to be home in a few more minutes. They were exhausted and starved, though, so they ate standing up in the kitchen, huddled around the island, pizza in one hand and beer in the other. Then Sam had gone to write in his diary or whatever he did when they came back from hunts, and Dean had settled in front of the TV, where he could finally relax with a couple of episodes of Dr. Sexy. He was behind and catching up with Dr. Sexy’s adventures was the perfect way to relax into a sense of, well, home.
He wondered if everyone could see it or if it was just Dean, because he knew those eyes so well. His smile was peaceful, quiet, easy. He adjusted the camera until the screen was filled with the towering walls, and the absurdly starry sky in the gap between the two sides of the canyon. There were footsteps then, and Cas played quietly for a few minutes. Dean didn’t recognize the tune. Maybe an original, judging by the way he hesitated sometimes, as if he was still working it out. The music stopped, and then it was morning.
Dean whined into the t-shirt and before he even knew what was happening he was sliding his hand down his chest, pretending it was Cas. Touching himself just the way he wanted to be touched. Needed to be touched. In record time, he was bucking into his hand, moaning into the t-shirt, and letting the pent up frustration explode out of him.
“I was outside on the lawn, waiting for them. Holding Sammy. Watching the house burn. It was the one thing I could do, you know. The only thing I had any control over. Keeping him safe. Remembering what dad had told me. And taking care of Sammy sort of became my mission. Anyway, my dad changed after that. He always seemed to have something going on, something urgent. In a way, it was like he was still in that fire, trying to save mom, and I was still on that lawn, waiting for my dad to come back for years. He went all Sarah Conor on us, we learned how to fight, how to heal ourselves. But he was our drill sergeant, not our dad. I was like the world’s youngest marine. My entire childhood was basic training and taking care of Sam. And then it got worse.”
“I’m glad you asked. Proof they’re robbing Cas. He said they’ve been taking part of his pay as reimbursement for student loans, but according to what I’ve found, even at predatory interest rates, he paid them off like 3 years ago. Also, I got into his computer remotely, and recovered copies of the documents they gave him, with the altered dates.”
They were biting into their various pastries (Cas digging into the taffy) when the phone rang. When Cas managed to control the chuckle trying to break free, he told them it was Legal. Their laughter drowned out whatever else he tried to say.
“What? That was a significant look. Plus, Cas is not wrong about Doctor Sexy always hooking up with the new nurse.”
Castiel had been an angel of the Lord for an eternity. In that capacity, he had seen the wonders of the universe, entire ages come and go, species evolve and go extinct. He had watched a funny little ape turn into a force that could rival god’s, for good and evil. He had also seen a lot of men on their knees, looking up at him, devotion and hope in their eyes. None of which prepared him for the sight of Dean Winchester falling to his knees in front of him. He felt the sort of hush that you can usually only feel in old cathedrals take over the small bedroom, and he gave up trying to think at all. He was here, Dean was inexplicably here, and on his knees in front of him, and there was nothing his brain could produce right now that could rival what his senses were telling him.
That’s when Dean saw the amused, teasing glimmer in his eyes. He settled back, letting Cas tease him, build the tension. Dean would get him back later. With that caramel syrup. Which Dean could taste just fine. He could picture it.
He was getting warmed up now, and Cas was still waiting, his expression still focused, but more relaxed now, as if he liked what he was hearing.
It felt like the closing door dismissed Detective Novak for the day. He tucked his badge and gun in the compartment hidden in the arm rest and yanked his tie loose. This time, when he looked at Dean before setting out, he stayed there, sharing the delighted amusement he found in his eyes.
Dean nodded once, his eyes on the beer bottle, but determined to know the answer because dammit, he might be a jerk but he wasn’t a coward.
Castiel examined the shirts he’d hanged from various door handles around the room. Every blue shirt he owned, basically. Picking out the right one seemed critically important. He wasn’t really sure why. Not like he had a date or anything. Just going to work, like every other day this week. And the week before. And the week before that.
“And he was under a lot of pressure to be straight. That always confuses things. I used to think I was asexual, you know. Angels are supposed to be. I was always told that I was, and I was too busy training the garrisons and fighting monsters to give it any thought. And then I had sex and, even though it didn’t turn out the way it should have, I guess, it was the first time I had any reason to wonder if maybe that wasn’t exactly true. And what wanting to have sex even felt like.”
“Feelings happen, and they’re not always returned, and that’s fine. A good friend who respects you acknowledges your feelings, even if they can’t return them. And they make their own feelings clear, so that you can figure out where to go from there. And if it gets awkward, friends work through it together, holding on to the solid foundation between them. But if the feelings are returned - Do you think it’s respectful for Dr Sexy to shut himself down like that? To let Frank see how he feels and then push it down like there’s something awful about it, something so awful that he doesn’t want to want it? How can that be anything but insulting? And then to spend the entire night flirting with Kelly under Frank’s nose? How is that anything but cruel and offensive?”
“Nobody is pressing charges. But you know calling in a bomb threat is against the law, right? Even if there is no bomb.”
Calling in bomb threats was still illegal, though, even if you don’t actually plant one. And this might be his best chance yet to find the man. None of the passengers had anything useful to add to his search. He went out into the parking lot again and looked around.
“Come on, now, Mr. Police Officer,” Jones spoke again. “Shouldn’t we be helping the little girl learn new things?”
“We’ll hide you in a safe place for the night, and we’ll figure out what to do in the morning,” Cas was saying. He was leading her to the panic room, water and fruit in her hands, and her eyes trained on Dean.
He got into the shower and didn’t even try to fight it this time. He was slicking again the moment he closed his eyes and allowed the images to come. There was no need or time for niceties. His hand went right for his cock and he stroked himself to the fastest orgasm he’d ever had.
There was not a single bit of evidence that placed anyone besides Miller and Brown at the scene of the shooting. Or even appearing to approach the scene. No traffic cam footage, no tracks, no prints, no parking lot security film, nothing at all. The immediate area had been canvassed, and anyone found in the area had been questioned, and there was nothing there either.  It was entirely possible that Miller killed Brown and then just walked away. But why?
Taking a deep breath and struggling to remain professional after the morning she’d had thus far, Megan asked, as politely as she could manage.
He pulled out his phone and called Charlie. Dean kept an eye on the bathroom door as Cas spoke, as discreetly as possible, into the phone. He heard Cas tell Charlie what they knew about the boy, and then Cas was mostly quiet. Charlie was probably looking into whatever she looked into. He’d told the boy to stay in the bathroom as long as he could to give them some time, but he probably wouldn’t be in there much longer now, for fear or making his father go after him.
“Nope. But I think I know how I can find out. I’m going to make sure he sees me going to the bathroom. He might follow me and I can maybe get some answers. At least a name.”
“What if you’re alone with a big…” he was almost at the omega’s back now, “scary... pushy alpha,” he moved closer, making a big show of smelling the omega, who was now beginning to move, into what appeared to be a deferential position.
“I left it in the back seat,” Cas explained, a bit awkwardly, and Dean smirked like he’d said a naughty word.
“That was kind of you,” Cas sat down. With a small smile at Garth and Kevin he added. “You were always kind.”
He headed instead to security, where he told them (as if electricians showed up to work in costume every day) that they’d found a short and needed everyone kept away from the stage area while they fixed it. By the time he’d made it back to Charlie, a voice had announced a giveaway at the other side of the building and the few stragglers that had stayed behind were being quietly escorted out of the area.
“That’s not the kind of costume designed to take your kids trick or treating with. We’re talking upwards of a grand, here. It’s meant for serious cosplayers,” Charlie explained. And when Cas still didn’t follow she continued. “Real fans who wouldn’t just dress like Vader. They’d pretend to *be* Vader. This one year -”
Even aside from the fact he was pretty sure that Miller was not a victim here, there was something about that call that was bothering him, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. Stopped at a red light, he pulled out his phone and played the recording he’d had Charlie send to him. What was it? He turned on his phone’s Bluetooth, at the next stop sign, and played it again, through his car’s speakers this time, louder. And again as he parked next to the Impala. Again and again.
Cas turned around and left the roof. He didn’t go to his car, or to his desk. He made his way back to the security room, brought up the roof feed, and pulled out his case notes. But before he could do anything about his paperwork, he glanced up at the camera feed. Dean was curled up into a ball, rocking.
There were many places in Eden he quite liked. Jimmy’s room, where he had lived for a couple of weeks was one. In that time he’d found a few treasures left behind deep in the bottom of a drawer or pushed to the back of the closet. A blurry photograph. A hand drawn picture. A broken toy car that Dean felt compelled to fix.
“Most people are justified in trusting their family with things like that,” Jody responded. “It is understandable that you wanted to trust yours. Still,” she flipped back and forth between pages “kidnapping, forgery, fraud, larceny, blackmail. I wouldn’t trust yours to tell me the time of day.”
“I feel like I should explain this one,” Cas opened with, even before the music started. “So many people don’t get this song your pop culture knowledge might actually work against you on this one.”
He settled into the same spot he’d been sitting in, glancing at Dean with the kind of smile he’d only ever seen in chick flicks before. Cas produced a knife and efficiently cut the apple into wedges, removing the core as he went.
That brought Dean up short. He didn’t know how to process that. He and Cas were nothing anymore. So he violently pushed his chair aside and headed for the door.
When Dr Sexy finally snapped, closing the distance between them to kiss Frank senseless, Sam dropped the popcorn and hooted. Dean and Cas were gonna be sorry they missed this. When they started tugging at clothes in a supply closet, Sam shot off a text to Dean.
“We talked the first night, after I showed her some of my videos. Well, as much as you can talk through Google translate, a few useful phrases and a lot of hand gestures. And she said the thing that made her sad was that there was no one to pass her favorite recipes down to. She loved to cook, and her favorite recipes were brilliant works of art, perfected through decades of thoughtful effort. It made her sad to think that no one would make them anymore after she was gone. So I sort of roped her into teaching me two of her recipes. This crust, and a cabbage roll that is to die for. It wasn’t that hard, really. I just told her I’d cook both recipes at least twice a year and think of her while I ate them.”
The looks started following them the moment they arrived, but with his pitch to Benny coming up, he was too anxious to notice them at first. He’d pulled Cas into Charlie’s room and ran through his pitch for both of them. Their enthusiasm had been reassuring. Then he’d followed Cas back to his own room and got an entirely different kind of reassurance from a thorough scenting.
“In a way, I’ve been scared for so long I don’t even know it anymore. And yeah, that made it hard to see you as you are. But I was not afraid of you. I had no reason to second guess everything you said or decide that you had ulterior motives. That is on me. And so is what I did before I ran away.”
Dean had taken to coming to this spot every day since he went for a walk and found it. It was a bit secluded, which was nice, but not so secluded that if he were to break a leg or something he wouldn’t be found. The pups liked to play near this spot. Far enough away that Dean didn’t have to worry about flying objects or excessive noise, but close enough the sound of their laughter traveled to him every now and then.
Dean scrambled for the tape cover and found only one note. Not surprisingly, it was “Playing Tombstone”. Man, that had been a fun time all around. No wonder it was Castiel’s favorite memory. Dean was pretty sure it was one of his too.
That was easy enough, Dean thought, particularly as he wasn’t likely to be socializing much in the next few days. But why pretend they didn’t know each other? Why was he here, and saying he’d be back later if he didn’t want them to know they knew each other? Did he hang out with everybody like this? What about this certain image? What image?
“A Christmas card and a birthday present sent to Missouri every year is hardly enough to reassure your friends,” Dean snarled.
“Actually,” Dean chimed in, “We might not be able to prove kidnapping and blackmail, but forgery and larceny we certainly can prove. You should meet Charlie. She’s a librarian. Bit of advice, don’t mess with with a small town librarian. They have access to basically all the world’s knowledge and Charlie could break into Fort Knox on her lunch break. Unfortunately she’s all tied up right now recording this conversation.”
“It appears mixtapes might be more… significant than I realized.” Cas observed. Which of course launched Sammy on a long speech about the history of the mixtape followed by a veritable ode to the mixtape and its romantic implications when given to potential love interests by awkward boys who didn’t know how to express their pent-up feelings. Dean zoned out after a bit, not so much that he couldn’t feel Castiel’s eyes turn to him on occasion when Sam said something especially revealing, but enough not to stress about it. They were together now, anyway. The metaphorical cat was out of the bag.
Dean’s plan was to talk to Cas about his class, and the class Dean himself had been planning. Really get into the nuts and bolts of it. Drag it out. Hopefully until they ran out of workout time and went home. Maybe he could even suggest setting up a workout room at home. Then if they got a bit carried away, well… He cleared his throat and told himself now was not the time to go down that road. Then he carefully opened the door, took a deep breath, and walked in.
“Like, he asks almost every runaway who comes through here why they ran away. And then he gets this thoughtful look on his face, like he’s trying to figure out if the answer is relevant somehow. Sometimes in the middle of a story he’ll stop you and ask follow up questions. Like about why that omega would be scared in that situation. And sometimes, he gets this look like something just clicked into place and he’ll start asking how to fix it. He’s like… like a super strong pup who’s still a bit clumsy and doesn’t quite understand how he keeps breaking stuff, and he just looks so guilty when his tail knocks something over again.”
His body had far fewer questions. His hands moved over Dean’s body without hesitation, guided by the noises coming from Dean, the smells he suddenly was so close to, the reactions of the skin under his fingertips.
Dean took the tape out of the box and popped it into the tape deck. His eyes went back to the cover as he waited for the music to start. Cas had made notes, it seemed. Side A was marked Memories, and under Track 1 it was noted “Salt and Burn, Colorado, before the fall,” which really wasn’t a lot to go by, but as soon as the music started, Dean remembered anyway.
. But Dean had always known that Cas was a pipe dream. He would never have given Dean a second glance if he had anything resembling a normal family. Any day now he would wake up and realize that Dean was dragging him down. Any day now he would realize that Dean wasn’t worth his time.
Dean had been resting on the sofa after his walk, enjoying the memory of that smile, when it dawned on him there was still a lot that needed to be said if they were going to have any chance at all, here. Cas had “cleared the air,” as he’d called it. It seemed to have worked for him. But things were still not clear enough for Dean’s liking and that wasn’t Castiel’s fault.
“As you can imagine, as soon as the crowd cleared out, we had people in here. None of our alarms had detected smoke or indeed any signs of a fire, so we were pretty confident it was a false alarm, but we still had to check it out.”
Cas tugged on the hand he was still holding, pulling Dean closer before kissing him into the couch cushions.
He sounded juvenile now. He knew he did. He should have asked that question when he was like 14, sitting across from his dad, embarrassed out of his mind. But they never had that talk, unless you counted the time his dad bought him a box of condoms and tossed it at him on his way out the door, making sure he knew that if he wanted to go out and use those, he better make sure Sammy was going to be safe while he was gone.
He’d made it quick, to his credit. He knew Cas would be the kind of guy to look for answers, to find a way to stick with him and make it work. He’d hold a candle for Dean as long as it took, he knew that. Dean couldn’t do that to him. Already Cas had been talking about taking a gap year and getting a local job, save up some money before going off to college. He was only doing that because Dean was a year behind him in school. Castiel's parents had money. He didn't need to save for himself. He was doing it for Dean. Because they’d been best friends since the day Dean and Sam had found their way to this town and since that day Cas had been there for Dean and Sam every day, more so every day, until a year later he might as well have been Sam’s other parent.
Steam was starting to fill the room when they went into the shower together. Cas took his sweet time on Dean’s skin, as if he was trying to remove a particularly difficult stain from an especially delicate fabric. Every move was gentle, measured, careful. Dean had never felt so cared for.
Shorter chapter today, and not particularly inspired, I'm afraid. Sorry about that. I should have probably waited but i needed a distraction from well... today. I might revise this at some later time and make significant changes, I might not. I suppose it depends on how I feel about it when I'm not such a nervous wreck.
“He’s referring to how King David from the Bible became king, here, and that’s a story I can tell you in detail some other time, if you want, but the important part is that he’s talking about the power of music. The right music is transformative, healing. It can literally be a lifeline, it can change a life until it’s unrecognizable. But the person he’s writing this song for doesn’t like music. Or at least not his music.”
I'm a bit nervous about this one. Cas sings an original song here, and I've never written a song before, so let me know what you think. I've got another one on deck, but I don't know. It's weird when I can't really convey what that sounds like in my head. If it doesn't work, let me know.
Silence fell between them then. The message was clear enough and they listened to the rest of the song in silence. There was a heaviness to it, and it dragged on for another moment after the song was over.
“I was thinking – I think driving is important and I could also teach basic, uh. Basic maintenance and repairs.”
Determined not to waste any more time, he tested his strength, and found he was good for a short walk, if not another hour of pacing. He headed for the doors, determination in his stride.
But Castiel had no time to waste right now, and he wasn’t going to sit here and hash this out with the old man.
The redhead’s name was Charlie, and she was a ray of fucking sunshine. Dean found himself going in, offering suggestions, and learning a few new tricks. She blasted him with a blinding smile, and Dean felt useful in a way he hadn’t felt since Sammy. So much so, in fact, that he forgot all about Cas for a few hours, and then everyone was getting ready to go home, and Dean was watching every other omega making eyes at Cas again.
There was a quiet moment as he stopped playing, and then Kevin and Benny started talking about beat and pace and key, but Cas was still just looking at his guitar. Dean stood up, and started a sort of involuntary pacing, where he’d walk away from Cas to keep himself from saying something stupid, but a few steps out, he’d give in to the urge and turn to advance on Cas only to see him sitting there with the guitar in his hand and change his mind again. Garth stood by, knowing what was coming, ready to jump in and break it up.
But Dean was reaching out now, looking to him for an answer. And well, Cas wasn’t really sure what the question was, but if there was a chance that it might in fact be what he’d thought he’d heard, well… He wasn’t about to say no. So he reached back, and let Dean lead him to the edge of the bed. He sat down, awkwardly asking himself if he should do something about the towel, but as he couldn’t quite decide if he should try to hold it discreetly closed or let it drop, he just let it settle its own fate. And speaking of fate.
And if Cas asked himself if he said that because he was considering the possibility that they might kiss by the end of the night, or at least get close enough to smell each other’s breath, who could blame him?
Cas walked in and approached the bed. Gently, he touched the back of his hand to Dean’s forehead, then glanced at the monitors.
“I was here, and I could hear you talking. I… I heard you tell the guard that girl was your omega and it just – I don’t know. I was mostly pissed at myself that it bothered me to hear it. I know you weren’t actually claiming her, but -”
“Maybe they’ve been friends so long that he didn’t even notice when it turned into something else. A different kind of love. Maybe he did but he doesn’t know how to show her that he sees. Maybe he’s afraid to show her. It complicates things when you start out as bffs. It’s a lot to lose if it doesn’t work out.”
By the time they finished the ice cream and headed for the door, mom was indeed, there. They let the boy join his mother before Cas finally turned to Dean.
The guy just laughed (what was his name again?) and waved vaguely at the radio like he was telling Cas to have at it. He started flipping through stations, adjusting the volume here and there, until he found one with music he liked.
He padded his way into the kitchen where the coffee and the bacon were. A mug was waiting for him, hot and strong just the way he liked it. That probably meant that after a few days of side eye and one word answers, Sammy was ready to return to full sentences. He’d have to thank him for the coffee when he came back from his run.
They tried to add various words to that combo. Garage rock covers? Classic rock covers? Country rock covers?
Halfway up the crease, he feels it for the first time. All the squirming Cas is doing has his cock rubbing against Dean’s cheek. Casually, Dean reaches for it, holds it out of his way. Castiel’s hips jerk at the contact, and his arms give out, dropping Cas flat on his back on the bed. He thinks, briefly, that he should stroke, but as it turns out, Dean is more of a tease than he’d ever realized. He keeps his hand gentle and still and continues to test to see what will drive Cas wild.
“I was only ever meant to be a tool. A hammer, as you said. God’s shield. But there was so much more I wanted to be and I didn’t know how. I didn’t belong in Heaven anymore, but I didn’t belong here yet. I felt that nobody knew me at all. Like nobody wanted to. Nobody could even see me. It’s lonely, not knowing who you are or where you belong after billions of years of trying to work it out. In a way, that was the day I fell, you know. Not officially, of course. But by the time I left you and Ben, I had effectively switched sides. I had decided that I was going to trust you to lead the way. You became my moral compass, as it were. It was only a matter of time after that.”
“His family is blackmailing him. If he didn’t go back and completely break contact with Dean, they were going to press charges and get you arrested,” somehow in mid-sentence her focus had shifted entirely to Dean. She was talking to him now, the rest of them just third parties that had an interest in this only indirectly. “They told him you still have 2 years left on your probation. He’s devastated. He doesn’t want to be there, but he won’t leave until the 2 years are up, he won’t risk making contact, and he just knows that when you’re home free in 2 years you’ll be over him and he’ll have lost you forever.”
