With a quick pat on the back, Sherlock was out the door, his stomach twisting in longing already.
Not that it mattered much anyway. John was currently in deep conversation with another person, and Sherlock’s insides went icy when he saw who it was. The silver-haired angel beamed at something John said, patting him on his good shoulder.
“Now come on, you can read the story.” John said.
The sorting hat took its time before declaring her a Slytherin, to which the table on the far left burst into applause. Irene hopped off the stool, and looking relieved, she joined her fellow Slytherins.
“Good. That’s settled then. Goodbye Carl.” Victor dismisses the small brunette, who practically sprints out of the lunchroom.
“I need another pair of eyes, of course.” Mycroft said, twiddling the handle of his umbrella. “To make sure he is assigned the proper master.”
“Find use for one.” Mycroft said, motioning towards the papers in Sherlock’s grasp. Sherlock rolled his eyes, scrawling his signature on the slavery ownership forms, shoving them into Mycroft’s arms as soon as he was done.
"I thank you for your confidence, but I'd rather not risk it, if it's all the same to you." Mycroft gave Violet a quick hug. After a handshake with Siger, he was on his way. He disappeared through the crowd so quickly that Sherlock would have thought Mycroft aparated, had he not failed his test earlier that year.
"Was anything you said true?"
“You’ve had the angel of death in your bedsit several times, had him chat with you for varying moments of time.” Greg chuckled. “I should think an arch-angel would be old business.”
“They were dull. This one is interesting.” Sherlock shrugged.
"I've read everything there is to know on Hogwarts," Molly said as she sat down across from Sherlock. "I think I've practically memorized
“Sheol” He responds in earnest, clasping the leather clad hands of the taller man. Sheol smiles down at Otto, joy clear on his face.
“It’s not that.” Sherlock said, looking nervous. “It’s-”
"Oh yes," Tom said. "People can't help but be drawn to him."
Meetings with Mycroft became more frequent, and Sheol begins to think of the angel as a sort of brother. Mycroft seems to have similar sentiments, for he often visits Sheol even when there hasn’t been a death. The frequent visits begin to occur not long after Sheol’s third soul collecting.
"Thank you, mummy. Father," He said, and though he didn't show it, Sherlock could tell that he was quite please. Mummy could tell as well, and she beamed brightly at him.
Of course, the monotony grew tiresome, and John wanted it to end. He just wanted to stop, to sleep forever, to not think anymore. So he planned and prepared, scheduling the day his life would end.
He walked calmly to the passenger side of the car, sighing when he saw the blond trying to untie the scarf with his teeth, to no avail.
The rest of the sorting passed slowly, not that Sherlock bothered paying attention. He caught various names and houses, of course. It was hard to ignore the ridiculous cheering when "Moriarty, James" became Slytherin, or "Morstan, Mary" became Gryffindor.
"Ravenclaw!" It shouted aloud, and Sherlock let out a breath of relief. He hoped off the stool, joining the table clad in blue and bronze.
Sherlock and Molly walked over to Hagrid, pushing through the crowds going the opposite way. Sherlock turned to look, noticing groups getting into horseless carriages that lead them, presumably, to the school.
"Oh, what's he done this time?" The lady asked, sounding exasperated.
“Right, well this has been fun.” I say, willing my face not to turn red.
John walked around the side of the estate, attempting to gain control of his annoyance. Sherlock didn’t seem to have any idea that what he did was bad, and no matter what he said, he didn’t seem to be learning. John just felt bad for the poor man’s family. They seemed so nice.
, which caused John’s face to light up.
"And what do I gain from it, Holmes?" Watson asked defiantly.
“We saved him.” The blue eyed doctor said, clapping a hand-
"Now hold on," John interrupted quickly. "You can't just-"
The employee looked up in surprise, his eyes widening as he noticed the two cops standing in the coffee shop as well.
“Piss off.”
“You two go out and have fun today,” was the first thing Violet said as soon as Sherlock and John walked into the kitchen.
“What was your favourite Christmas?” John asked, and Sherlock looked up at him in confusion.
"I said leave," Sherlock replied. "I refuse to be in a room with this much stupid, and clearly
Sherlock hummed noncommittally, staring at the body for a few more seconds before standing upright. “The slave’s master killed them. He is a routine abuser, and will most likely kill his other slaves if not arrested.”
“Oh, shut up.” John muttered. “And take me back. I’m freezing.”
“Twenty nine.” John said with grudging admiration. “How did you guess that one?”
“They have to.” Sherlock replied. “I shall miss you.”
“You haven’t got any way to get a ride back to London.” Sherlock replied. “My family’s estate in Yorkshire is too far from any village to consider walking. You left your phone in the coffee shop, and every year my family hides their phones and car keys to allow for special ‘family time’.” His nose scrunched up at that, letting the blond know just how he felt about family time.
“Yes, he’s nice to me, unlike some people.”
“I will not.” Mycroft said, not denying the fact that it could happen. “We need someone to do your job well, or bad things could happen.”
“I’m not boring.” I say, turning to look at him. “You don’t even know me.”
“This one.” Sherlock said aloud, continuing to stare at the human whose brow was now furrowing in confusion. “I want this one.”
"I'm waiting," Sebastian said, "I can't leave without Jim."
"Alright, Sherlock, you're next." Mummy said cheerily.
“Very well.” Sherlock sniffed, pretending to sound put-out, which only made John laugh again. “You brought my violin.”
job, Sherlock!”
The professor waves his hand lethargically and Mike shrugs in response, catching my eye before digging into his burlap bag, pulling out the candy canes one by one. “One for Timothy Dimmock. Nice, Dimmock! One for Jim Moriarty, you deserve it, Jimmy! Four for Glen Coco, you go Glen Coco! One for John Watson, and none for Sebastian Moran. Bye!”
“Nasty habit, cigarettes.” Mycroft said, flicking ash to the snow below. “But I can’t quit it. Never take up smoking.”
“Do you know if he had anyone with him?” Donovan asked.
“It should take me about ten minutes.” I tell them. “I’ll start walking-”
“What?” I ask, taking a step back. “I didn’t to it.”
"Shit." John leaped down the flight of stairs, breaking out into a full run. His heart raced as he tried to dart around the other students, bumping into a few on occasion.
The foot crème thing turns out to be a massive failure. Not only did it actually give Victor shinier hair, but Sherlock appeared to love the smell as well, as he kept his face buried near his head. For his part, Victor played up their new/old relationship, running his hand through Sherlock’s hair, pressing kisses wherever he could reach, and smiling not-so-innocently in my direction. It took all my willpower not to just knock the bastard out, and I had to remind myself constantly that I was the shortest one at the lunch table. Not that I couldn’t take any of the Plastics in a fight, but three against one is never easy.
Something brushed his cheek quickly, and John turned to see a red faced Sherlock pointedly looking anywhere but at him.
“Why you little-” Jim growls, whirling around to face me. Before he can do anything, however, a swarm of guards flood the corridor, stopping Jim in his tracks. It’s utter chaos for a few moments, and I completely lose track of Sherlock and his brother.
"You aren't a weirdo, Sherlock. You're one of the most brilliant people I've ever met. Now I gotta go. They want us all to be seated before you lot can be sorted. See ya later!"
The first attempt at suicide had been real, of course. It had been the second time Sherlock had gotten to talk to John, and Sherlock had relished every moment of it, assuming the next time he saw John would be at his final death.
“Carl, you don’t come to a party at my house with Sebby, then hit on some innocent boy in front of us a few days later.” Victor turns to me once more. “Do you want to have sex with him?”
“Thank you.” Molly grinned. “I must say, when I got orders to talk to a demon about a stolen soul, I never expected it to be you.”
“And mine?” John asked hesitantly.
“There’s a room at the end of the hall over there.” Mrs Hudson said, gesturing past the kitchen. “And another room upstairs.”
"I shall visit him." The demon replied. "But if he refuses, then it shall be your soul that shall be taken, and you will die in disgrace."
“You look more pleased with yourself than usual.” Sherlock commented drily when he stumbled upon Mycroft sitting in his chair, forgoing the usual complaint of having Mycroft in his flat. “Something to do with the terrorists, I presume?”
"No, you have to get away," Sherlock said. "We were being followed. They're waiting on the pier to capture you."
“I…yes. We can’t tell anyone yet.”
“Yes.” Sherlock smiled at her, quickly reading her nametag.
“Thank you.” The angel smiled tightly before turning away.
“Victor thinks it’s a stupid idea. He thinks I should become a doctor.”
"The angel of life." Mycroft's voice stole Sherlock's attention, and he turned to look at the angel. "He's been working a long time on him."
Rain poured over the rugby field, soaking those that hadn't been intelligent to bring an umbrella. Or steal one from his brother, in Sherlock's case.
“Not as skinny as your son.” John assured her, earning himself a bright laugh. “This food looks absolutely delicious. Thank you very much.”
of the door opening caught his attention, however, and he blinked to awareness.
"You're not going to steal a car, are you?" John asked suspiciously.
"Let go, John." Sherlock said. "I've got you."
"You were never- Mycroft David Holmes, why on earth did you lie to me??" Mummy demanded in shock.
"It was?" Sherlock was dumbfounded.
John stared at himself in the mirror, a smirk flitting across his face as he came up with a plan. He turned, opening the door quickly, causing Sherlock to stumble slightly. John held up the phone, wiggling it in between his fingers.
"Even though I'm not Tom?"
"Who are you?" Sherlock asked rather rudely.
“That was amazing.” Watson says after a minute, and Sherlock stared at him, blinking several times.
Not that the army doctor realised he was doing it, of course.  As Sherlock studied John, he realised that the man couldn’t see the aura that souls produced. John began working hard before the aura appeared, and his hand stayed far longer than necessary on whomever the good doctor had saved that day. If he could see the aura, he would wait until the soul began to shine before placing his hand on the patient’s chest.
"Are you suggesting I stay with you?" Sherlock asked, a small smile on his face.
"So now what?" John asked, sitting in the squashy armchair across from Sherlock.
kidnapped me.”
“You mean my prison?” John snorted in disbelief, stumbling slightly on the unfamiliar step outside. “Ta, I was busy trying to find an escape.”
"How is it exciting?" John laughed. "There's a girl missing."
everything going alright?" Sherlock asked.
“Complaining? Shite, I’ve really messed it up, haven’t I?”
"But-"
Mummy's shriek of joy made the two of them jump. Sherlock looked over at her, startled to find that she had tears in her eyes.
“Oh, we’re enjoying having you here!” Violet said, her smile wider than Sherlock had ever seen it. “Now come along. We haven’t eaten lunch yet!”
"Pretended you were Tom," Molly finished.
“I was
"Yes, but why here?" John asked, looking rather amused. Besides the two of them, the common room was completely empty. Breakfast didn’t start for another two hours, so everyone was getting much needed rest.
to read it.”
Sherlock's brain was short-circuiting, both from John's proximity, and from his words.
“The idea of not being able to pay attention to you…it drove me mad.” Otto grinned. “And I needed an extra day with you. Princess Zoe is on her way to Rome for our impending marriage.”
“I just don’t understand why he would get you and Jim candy canes but not me.” He said, pacing the floor, and attempting to look masculine while doing it. If anyone could pull that off, it was Sebastian Moran. “I mean, he likes me better than both of you.”
“So, that’s it then.” Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest. “You’re just going to leave?”
“They’re the most popular guys in school.” Greg explains, pointing over to a table where three guys sat. “They’re on the rugby team, and whatever they say or do is basically law.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Victor is an idiot.” I roll my eyes. “You would have the worst bedside manner.”
“Are you out of your mind?!” Sherlock demanded, snatching the gun out of John’s hand and tucking it into his greatcoat. “I thought you put all this nonsense behind you.”
“Are you kidding?” John laughed humourlessly. “He
"No, I'm fine." Sherlock responded.
Ann smiled, pressing a kiss to John’s cheek.
“And he’s Sherlock’s on-again off-again boyfriend.” Greg says. “Victor is quite attached to Sherlock, so I wouldn’t make any moves.”
John pouted, but he ran over to Sherlock, giving him a hug. “Please come back soon? I don’t want you to get in trouble, but maybe your mum and dad will let you visit again?”
“Then you could do it.” Sherlock suggested next, a humourless smirk forming on his lips.
"Oh!" Recognition flared in Victor's eyes. "I know him. He's pretty cool."
“I really gotta-”
is planning something."
care about you, you know.” Sherlock said, trying to sound as disgusted as possible. “Also, you never know what will be good for blackmail.”
"Sorry, just have to make sure it's not work," John said, fishing out his mobile. The glow illuminated his face as he opened up the text, accentuating the widening of his eyes.
. Guilt, perhaps, that this kind doctor couldn’t save his friend?
Before John could say another word, Sebastian vanished, leaving only the faint smell of his cologne.
“Oh, I’m sure any old bloke would have done. The real Victor might have been better.” John said, ducking his head.
“Victor will read it this year.” Sherlock said, plopping back down in his spot. “But if he reads it wrong, then I’ll read it next year.”
Across from John sat the last person Sherlock expected- or wanted- to see. His heart fell into his stomach, and he could practically
"The water is ideal here," John replied quickly. "It's shallow, so you're less likely to drown. There's still enough room for me to swim. You're far enough away from Ferry lines, but close enough for me to snag food for you. Of course, I can always-"
“Oh, I intend to.” Victor replied, giving a small wave as he turned. “Nice having this chat with you.”
“Hurry up, John!” Sherlock snarled, squirming once more.
Sherlock nodded, hearing this last chance to change his mind while John was still in control of himself, of his secondary nature’s devouring force. Holding John’s earnest gaze, Sherlock stroked a hand along that familiar, loved face, and nodded again. “Absolutely.”
Mycroft's case reminds Sherlock of things better left in the past.
But John’s shifting appearance wasn’t the only considerations made for his half-demonic side. There were specific rules they had to follow whenever they were intimate, concessions that kept Sherlock safe from John’s secondary and devouring nature. Such concessions went beyond the typical necessity of lubrication and condoms. Instead, they followed two tenets of safety in the bedroom. These two tenets stated that John must be restrained during intercourse, with the aid of heavy chains they’d purchased for this exact reason, and that Sherlock must top. In this way, they controlled John’s ability to absorb life force from Sherlock in the throes of passion, limiting him to controlled sipping of sexual energy instead.
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed, letting his voice take on the velvety quality he knew drove John wild. Predictably, John’s eyes darkened, his pupils widening in the dark. “On the contrary, my dear Watson. I am nothing but satisfied.
been using.”
Somehow, it seemed that Sherlock had made a friend. Entirely by accident, purely out of chance, but still — a friend.
John shuddered, turning his head slowly and with apparent effort. He was silent, studying Sherlock for a long moment, his expression wary, before rasping out, “You. I need you.”
“Come study at mine,” he blurted, then frowned, wondering where that had come from. John looked at him with increased confusion, and Sherlock forced a pained smile. “Um. I mean, it’s not that much quieter since I live just below. But…” He shrugged, realizing there was no turning back now he’d made the unexpected offer. “It might be preferable to living within the belly of the beast, as it were.”
friends. Usually, people left him alone once they realized Sherlock was too much of a pain to bother with. The burden of his attitude far outweighed the benefits — sorely lacking — of his friendship. Anyone who tried to make an attempt at being his friend inevitably left. Sherlock was okay with that and had adjusted to being alone. Alone was fine. It was safer. It was easier.
“Hospital shift,” John replied, breaking off into a jaw-cracking yawn. “I’m dead on my feet.”
“Good,” John said, and he sucked harder. Sherlock, losing the rest of his words, slammed his head back against the pillows with a gasp.
Trying not to think of the scolding Mrs Hudson would likely bestow upon him later for the mess, Sherlock guided John to the bed and dropped him onto the mattress. John went with a groan, slumping onto the covers. He didn’t move while Sherlock undressed him, only letting out a grunt of relief when the shirt — clinging to his body with blood — disappeared. The removal revealed the stunted wing growth that had begun on his back. At the base of his spine, the first notches of John’s tail had started to lengthen. But neither grew further, and Sherlock stared at John’s half-shape in confusion.
But it wasn’t enough. Sherlock wanted — nay,
“I am not on drugs!” Sherlock cried, nearly shouting in his anger and frustration. “Not everything can be explained by my past substance use, Mycroft. You barged in here, reprimanded me in my own flat, chased off John, and you expect me to, what? Act
With a smug smile on his face, Sherlock flicked his sex-mussed curls away from his face. “And don’t you forget it,” he admonished and bent to kiss the laughter from John’s mouth.
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttering open to reveal his darkened gaze. His pupils were blown wide, almost erasing the silvery shade of his irises.
Sherlock swallowed with difficulty. He stared at John, his mind caught between the showdown with his brother and the unspent arousal that lingered in his blood from his and John’s earlier, unfinished intimacy. Sherlock was all too aware of John’s presence, which felt larger than life in the tiny, humid room, and of his brother’s loud, overbearing displeasure.
Caught off guard by the phone number and abrupt retreat, Sherlock sipped at his too-sweet drink and slipped away from the bar. He skirted the dance floor and tucked himself behind one of the few empty tables. Set back from the centre of the club, the spot was dark and intimate, no doubt meant for something more tantalizing than staring at a coaster. Turning the object over in his hands, Sherlock frowned at the message scrawled over the club’s logo. There was a phone number and a name — Stephan. Written beneath were the words, text, don’t call - xo.
was identifiable from the eager people already lined up outside, waiting to gain entry. Sherlock could hear the rumbling, pulsing beat of dance music as he approached. The melodic noise spilled out onto the street whenever the door swung open to admit another person keen on losing themselves to the barely-controlled chaos inside.
John handed him a set of plastic eating utensils. “Dig in,” he offered, shifting aside to leave room for Sherlock at the counter. John followed his own advice, scooping prawn pad thai into his mouth and letting out a blissful sigh. The sound brought a small smile to Sherlock’s lips, and he quickly filled his own mouth to keep from embarrassing himself with further displays of inconvenient emotion.
Hands planted on his hips, Sherlock stood in the middle of the tiny space, glaring at the spotless floors and streak-free windows. He felt personally offended by his actions, disgusted with this driving — and failed — attempt to clear his mind. A glance out of the spotless windows told him that it was nearing evening, the day long since faded. Still feeling out of sorts and unfamiliar to himself, Sherlock decided to chase the unpleasant feeling with far more unpleasant memories.
Sherlock blinked, his mind clicking back online at last. Disregarding the offered hand, he said, “Is that you?” John looked confused again, and Sherlock raised his voice, shouting to be heard. “The music! Is that you? Is this your party?”
It was time to put a stop to this nonsense. Swiftly and without delay.
Sherlock nodded. “Quite alright,” he replied, settling on the futon again. Their knees brushed, and John flashed him a smile.
Shoving his face into the pillow, Sherlock shook his head and didn’t answer. John didn’t seem to be deterred by his silence.
“That can’t be good,” he mused, arching an eyebrow at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at him in surprise. “You have a twin?”
it anymore. The disruptive noise pollution on Friday and Saturday he could almost excuse. Just because Sherlock didn’t have a social life, that didn’t necessarily mean no one else in the building did (as much as Sherlock wished otherwise). But this was beyond the pale. It was Sunday night, and he had already lost too much precious focus to distraction and fatigue. With two days of work already down the drain — and a third quickly suffering beneath the assault of inane dance music — Sherlock was at his wit’s end. His rage was nearly homicidal, and it erased the last of his hesitation.
John came quicker this time despite the slower pace, filling Sherlock with pulse after pulse of hot seed. Sherlock was too out of his mind with sensation to track how long it went on for, his own body gone limp from several more orgasms of his own. He felt like he was floating, his eyes refusing to focus as John shifted beneath him. Under his cheek, the skin of John’s chest and abdomen felt smooth, blood-smeared but perfectly unharmed.
“Experiment, John,” Sherlock corrected him, the corner of his mouth twitching upward despite his admonishment.
Though it was still barely past the evening hour,
“Sorry,” John said, passing a hand over his face as his mouth stretched open in a huge yawn. “What were you trying to say?” He rubbed his jaw, fingers scraping over a dusting of stubble.
“Yes, yes, that’s beautiful, Sherlock. Don’t stop,” John husked between his assaults on Sherlock’s spit-slick hole. “I can feel you. I can feel how badly you want it. I can taste your hunger, Sherlock. Oh, god, it’s sweet, so sweet” He tilted his head, tugging Sherlock backwards until Sherlock’s weeping cock slipped into his mouth to the hilt.
“Come here,” John ordered, eyes fastened on Sherlock’s groin. His tongue flicked out, wetting his lips. And, though he felt no force from John’s command, Sherlock still went, compelled entirely by his own desire and want.
The reverberation of a loud and sudden bump overhead made Sherlock slam his palms against the desk. Delicate glassware rattled and clinked in warning, ignored as Sherlock shoved his chair back and surged to his feet. This had gone on far too long. Enough was enough — he couldn’t
They stood like that for some time, side by side, sharing the meal from the containers, making small conversation between mouthfuls. To Sherlock, it felt oddly… comforting. He’d never really shared a meal like this before, never with someone who wasn’t a family member. It was nice, the two of them simply existing in this shared space with no expectations or judgments — just the click of plastic cutlery against takeaway boxes and the common sounds of eating.
“So you have something to attend to later, then?” Sherlock asked, not sure what he was fishing for, only knowing that he had cast his net in hopes of snagging something.
Another wince. “Believe me, mate, I would if I could.” At Sherlock’s doubtful scowl, John sighed. “Look — do you really think I’d let him play that rubbish for three days straight if I had any say in the matter?” Losing the battle with a third yawn, he covered his mouth and grimaced. “Sorry,” he groaned, “I haven’t slept in three sodding days.”
Mycroft drops by unannounced with a case for Sherlock and meets Sherlock's new 'friend.'
“I see that,” Sherlock hummed, thoughtful, then coming to a decision. Clinging to the lingering sense of brazen self-acceptance that had fallen over him at the club, Sherlock snagged John’s elbow and steered him down the hall. He moved without letting himself think it over, pushing past a hint of uncertainty. John spared a half-hearted glance at the staircase to the second floor as they passed it by.
“Good,” John said and returned to his reading after favouring him with one last evaluating look.
John’s lips curled into a slight smirk. “No,” he said in agreement, standing at last. “I think I’m going to have a shower, actually.” As Sherlock stared at him, dumbfounded, John stepped around the futon and moved toward the bathroom door. He stripped off his vest as he went, dropping it on the floor with careless fingers. His pants followed, kicked off as he disappeared into the bathroom, granting Sherlock the briefest glimpse of John’s leanly muscled backside before the door closed behind him.
“It’s better this way,” Mycroft assured him. “You need to focus, and he is nothing but a distraction you can’t afford right now.”
“What location?” Sherlock asked, turning away from his brother to wipe a hand over the fog obscuring the mirror.
“Do you have plates?”
Freed from all his restraints but one, which John dispatched of quickly — tossing the heavy chains aside as if they weighed no more than a feather — John was an impressive sight. His wings, fully grown, erupted from his back. Their dark, envy-green expanse cast a wicked shadow over Sherlock’s sprawled form. The long, forked tail whipped around John’s side, curling around Sherlock’s left leg as John fell onto all fours and stalked forward with his head ducked, four-inch horns curving up and back from his forehead. John advanced with his onyx-dark eyes and crooked smile, prowling over Sherlock’s suddenly unresponsive body to perch on Sherlock’s spread thighs.
Shaking off the lingering fog of sleep, Sherlock swung his feet over the edge of the futon and stood. He rubbed at his eyes and crossed to the door, the distance of a few short strides. Wishing that he had a peephole for perhaps the hundredth time, Sherlock pulled the door open a crack. He hoped beyond hope that his brother wasn't on the other side, no doubt come to torment Sherlock for shirking some misplaced duty.
“We’re not discussing anything,” Sherlock said, the angry words clipped out between his teeth. He saw his brother about to protest and stalked forward. His hand darted out, fingernails catching on expensive fabric as he grabbed Mycroft’s shoulder and spun him toward the door.
Doing as requested, Sherlock only just managed to brace his knees on either side of John’s torso before hands seized his backside and pulled him down and back. He went with a cry of surprise that quickly morphed into a long, drawn-out moan as John’s mouth fastened on his hole. The sheets were slick with John’s blood, the wound still weeping unchecked, but Sherlock didn’t notice. He was too caught up in the sensation of John’s lips on his most tender area, on the flickering slide of John’s forked tongue as it first nudged, then pressed, then breached his rim.
The corner of John’s mouth twitched upward in a wry smile. “One could,” he agreed. He remained on the futon, watching Sherlock dress with an appreciative gaze.
Much of the following day passed in a whirlwind of second-guessing. Sherlock managed to kill some time at the university, tending to several papers and experiments he was overseeing in the lab. But, once that was out of the way, his mind had far too much free reign for overthinking. Out of sheer desperation, Sherlock took himself off to the store to finally replace his destroyed dishes. He did so with an immense sense of self-consciousness, dwelling on the reason for the purchase far more than he would have liked. He tried to moderate the feeling by spending several hours in his favourite used bookstore, perusing old texts on obscure research and sciences. When he finally emerged, arms filled with old texts on fascinating subjects, he felt more like himself.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “Semantics. Unimportant.” He sobered, his eyes darkening as his pupils widened again. “The facts are simple: I’ve wanted you for a very long time, John Watson. Now that you’ve realized it, I see no need to place restrictions on our feelings.” His eyes narrowed, eyebrows dropping into another frown. “Unless that’s not what you want?”
Sherlock’s raised an eyebrow. “Such as?”
“No,” Sherlock replied, shoving his brother against the door until Mycroft fumbled for the handle. “I said get out, and I meant it.” When Mycroft still remained, seemingly unable to work a simple doorknob, Sherlock hissed, “Get out now.”
It was delicious and horribly overstimulating, and his body was both berating and congratulating him, all at once. Congratulating him for supping when he’d gone so long on empty and berating him for eschewing the comfort of John’s body in favour of fleeing into the bathroom.
Sherlock replied with a vibrating moan, his back arching in exultation as John’s cock leaked on his inner thigh. “John,” he whispered, voice breaking with the force of his need. As if understanding that unspoken desire, John nuzzled the underside of his jaw and smiled his sharp grin.
John caught Sherlock’s face between his hands, holding him in place as he studied him closely. “You’re sure?” he said, looking dubious when Sherlock nodded. “No headache? You don’t feel sick? Weak?”
Rather than dwell, he tried to lose himself in work. Sherlock perused several of the websites he followed for research purposes. He updated some equations regarding various experiments and completed a write-up for a project he’d finally finished at the university lab. John sat next to him, quiet and unintrusive, as the minutes spooled out into hours. The only sounds were their soft breathing, the flipping of pages, and the occasional mutter as John noted something down. At some point, the music started up again upstairs. Knowing it was coming seemed to make it a little easier to tune out, even as the heavy beat rumbled through the ceiling.
“Are you sure?” John said, breaking away until their lips barely brushed with the shape of his cautious words.
Sitting up, Sherlock startled as a throw blanket slipped off his shoulders and slithered to the floor. Frowning down at it, he slowly recalled the night before.
Sherlock sat and drank, his gaze moving absently over the crowd as he mulled over the conversation. Stephan had been oddly friendly, moving beyond simple bartender flirting into something more. And, while he’d made a rather clear innuendo along with offering his phone number, Sherlock felt there had been more there than simple flirting. An inexplicable warmth in the man’s eyes when Sherlock had admitted how long it had been since he’d been ‘on the scene.’ Something sympathetic. And Sherlock hadn’t lied about that — it had been a while since he’d let himself put even a toe back in a world he’d once inhabited with ease. Part of it, he knew, was his fear of the drugs. Often, the two had gone hand in hand for him, and though Sherlock had tried to couch it all as harmless party and play, it hadn’t been so simple. He’d thought he could have both when, in truth, he hadn’t been able to walk the line. There had always been a stronger pull to the drugs for him, one Sherlock had tried to ignore until the substance use outweighed the fun of the scene. Until he realized he was simply trying to escape things.
“Ignore it,” Sherlock ordered when John lifted his head to look toward the phone, jittering its way across the desk.
It didn’t last long. Sherlock's climax built at the base of his spine, spiralling upwards toward release in a crash that had Sherlock muffling a gasping cry against his arm. His cock pulsed, blood roaring in his ears as he spilled over his still pumping hand. The moment drew out, weakening Sherlock’s knees and forcing him to grab the door handle to stay upright. Tremours rippled through Sherlock’s body, his breath coming in desperate gasps and gulps. Eyes squeezed tightly shut, he wrung out every last drop of pleasure from his body, pushing through the aftershocks.
“Ah,” John sighed moments later, drawing Sherlock’s attention, “that hit the spot.” He stood, taking Sherlock’s empty plate from his suddenly frozen hands without asking. “I don’t know about you, but takeaway always tastes better the next day.”
But now, a man sat on his futon. A man who chuckled when Sherlock told him about his childhood experiments. Who thought his room was ‘minimalistic.’ Who didn’t seem to mind that Sherlock did weird science in his free time or that he slept on a futon. John seemed kind. Worse, John was
“Your sibling is much worse than mine,” John replied. Still sitting on the futon, he made no effort to dress. “All Harry does is lose herself at the bottom of any wine bottle she can find. It’s not great, but at least she doesn’t meddle in my life.”
“What?”
Hoping to put his brother’s mind — and perhaps his own — at ease, Sherlock turned and presented a nonchalant facade. “Text me the details, and I’ll see what I can do.” Mycroft opened his mouth to reply, but Sherlock didn’t give him a chance. “But, for now, I really must get ready for my engagement.” He pushed at his brother’s shoulders, expelling him from the bathroom and closing the door in his face.
Sherlock woke slowly. The room was cast in shadow from the drawn curtains, making it impossible to tell the time. He thought about looking to the alarm clock set next to the bed, but even the idea of lifting his head sounded exhausting. Instead, Sherlock lay still and took stock of himself.
Frowning, Sherlock replied, “Do you think I make a habit of inviting people into my flat against my will? Of course it’s alright.”
Dropping his gaze, Sherlock stared at his hands, clasped in his lap. “I understand. And I promise you that it won’t come to that.”
An exhausted John encourages Sherlock to take a chance.
“Deadly,” Sherlock agreed, rolling onto his stomach. The sheets felt luscious against his sweat-salty skin, and he allowed himself to wriggle into them with a hedonistic sense of luxury. “In fact, I’m already wondering how I can get you to agree to make this a monthly occurrence.” Sherlock stretched again, smug when John’s eyes tracked the muscles rippling along his spine. “If not weekly.”
“Because of the music,” Sherlock surmised.
He stared for a moment more, his sleep-blurred mind trying to make sense of this sudden and unfamiliar limb’s presence. It took far longer than he cared to admit for Sherlock to understand that he had not, in fact, sprouted a new arm in the night and to realize that someone was pressed up against his back. The warm rush of breath over his nape was his first clue, and the solid length of another's body along his spine was the second.
“Are you planning to sleep in that?” Sherlock asked, arching a doubtful eyebrow.
John sighed, “Yeah, alright. You’ve got me there.” He favoured Sherlock with a long, considering look. “Well, if you’re sure.”
“I suppose that’s a fair answer,” John said, clearly bemused. Rubbing his palms against his thighs, he asked, “Um, you’re sure this is alright?”
He was obsessed. Perhaps it was a dangerous obsession, but Sherlock didn’t think so. How could it be dangerous when he loved John and John loved him? Sherlock wanted to know every inch of John, wanted to know every fact and truth about him, and that included this missing experience. He wanted to see John as he truly was in his second form: inhuman and
Sherlock followed close behind, closing the door and watching John stand awkwardly in the middle of the room with the takeaway held out in his hands like some kind of sacrificial offering. When Sherlock only stood there and looked at him, John’s eyes took on a quizzical light.
Sherlock had been absolutely horrid ever since he’d broken nearly every bone in his dominant hand in a brawl with a murder suspect. The man had slammed his foot down on Sherlock’s hand when Sherlock slipped on the rain-wet street during their tussle. Recovery had been a slow and painful process as the splinted hand turned alarming shades of black and blue while the bones and tendons healed. John couldn’t honestly blame Sherlock for his mood, but that didn’t make him easier to deal with. He struggled with even the most basic tasks, leaving John to support him in mundane functions. It had begun to wear on them both — Sherlock far more than John as he took repeated blows to his independence — bringing out Sherlock’s nastier side.
He must have heard Sherlock leave the bathroom, for he paused, catching hold of the doorframe and leaning back into the flat.
Sherlock forced himself to nod. “Perfectly,” he replied, glad when his voice emerged sounding far steadier than he felt. “Just going to use the loo.” He turned and ducked into the tiny washroom, closing the door with a tense hand.
Judging by Mycroft’s triumphant tone, he clearly failed. “A bit of both, I suppose.”
Removing his clothing in a flurry of limbs, Sherlock tossed them aside, sparing no thought for his silk shirt, already ruined with John’s blood. He moved to the bed, eyes trailing over John’s restrained form with possessive delight, stunned as he always was by John’s glorious stature. As he stood and looked his fill, his cock gave a slight twitch of need, pulling a groan from John’s throat. Even as Sherlock watched, the tips of John’s horns erupted from his hairline, stopping an inch from the surface. He was still too weak for a complete transformation. Still, it was deeply gratifying to see John’s response to something so small as an automatic twitch of Sherlock’s cock.
He made it halfway there before the building’s front door opened behind him. Sherlock paused and looked over his shoulder, staggering to a stop at the sight of John. He looked exhausted. Deep shadows once more darkened his eyes, messenger bag bumping against his hip as he passed a hand over his fatigue-lined face.
“It’s not that simple,” Mycroft said with a sigh. “I only suspect him at the moment, though the evidence is damning. No, he needs to be caught in the act.”
“John,” he croaked in a voice as jagged as broken glass. His head was tilted back far enough that it nearly rested on the table behind him, the science equipment scattered over the surface seemingly forgotten for the moment.
That was new. The last time Sherlock had been to the club, a handful of years ago, the scene here had been far more subtle. He was both surprised and a little titillated by the brazenness.
“One could argue that neither makes for a good sibling relationship.”
Upon waking, Sherlock took a moment to let the events of the past twenty-four hours filter through his sleep-foggy brain. From there, he allowed himself another few minutes of appreciation for the intimacy he found himself in. He was comfortable, cocooned beneath the blankets with the warmth of another body seeping into his own, soothing as a warm bath after an exhausting day. His legs, long and gawky and tangled with those of another, were half-asleep. To his faint surprise, the tingle of pins and needles felt more soothing than irritating. In Sherlock’s lazy opinion, knowing the cause of the sensation helped soften the unpleasant buzzing. The fact that these were John’s legs, tangled up with his with such unashamed closeness, filled Sherlock with delicious satisfaction. Despite his brazen, brash and bold behaviour the night before, despite the way he’d all but dragged John into his flat, Sherlock was rather pleased with himself. He felt no remorse for his actions, his newfound confidence undoubtedly a lingering aftereffect of the spontaneous sense of freedom he'd experienced at the club.
Except Sherlock didn’t feel anything like a victim. What he felt was confused and not just a little aroused. His body thrummed with energy, more than just his cock standing at attention. The hair along his nape and arms prickled with anticipation, and Sherlock knew that, if he looked in the mirror, he’d find his pupils dilated, his face flushed. He was simultaneously appalled at his own daring and yet soothed by the closeness he’d woken to find himself sharing with John. He was replete with bliss and oxytocin; his body and brain lit up with the synaptic surge of skin-to-skin comfort. Sherlock, so unused to physical contact beyond handshakes and fists, now found himself brimming with the ecstasy of mutual connection. There was no denying that he was a touch-starved man, and this morning, he'd woken to the embrace of a warm body. In the arms of a handsome young man, Sherlock had gorged himself on touch.
“And risk falling asleep on the tube, never to emerge from the depths of the London Underground ever again?” Sherlock snorted. “Sounds like a fine way to ensure a mugging.”
The muscles in Mycroft’s jaw flexed as he glared at his brother. “Have you considered,” he said slowly, his voice forcibly controlled, “that I may have no other option available to me?”
“I am,” Sherlock insisted, nodding for emphasis.
Sherlock’s back arched, his knees nearly giving way as intense pleasure raced through his body. Eyes closed in elated delight, he felt blindly, groping until his hand encountered cold, engorged flesh. Taking John’s cock in hand, Sherlock caressed the soft, fleshy barbs at the base, feeling John’s moan as a vibrating hum against his skin. John’s tongue delved deep, opened him in coaxing little jabs, and it was all Sherlock could do to stay upright. He struggled to distract himself, already feeling like he was skirting the edge, and sank his lips down on the head of John’s immense cock. A shudder raced through the body beneath his, John’s hips bucking in response to the sudden heat around his length. He paused in his ministrations to pant and press his teeth to the base of Sherlock’s spine.
Startled by the joke, Sherlock stared at him. John looked back, seeming amused. Gradually, Sherlock relaxed enough to breathe out a soft chuckle. “Both,” he said, some of his tension easing as the uncertainty of the moment shifted into something kinder. “He’s a pompous blowhard and has been since I was born.”
“Indeed,” Mycroft drawled, fixing John with a look that reminded Sherlock of ice floes. “How very astute of you to notice.”
Eventually, John sniffed him out. But the man refused to come quietly. He’d pulled a gun, fired and narrowly missed Lestrade as the DI ducked aside with a shout of surprise. That still smoking barrel had then drifted toward Sherlock, pinning him in place with nowhere to go. If not for John tackling the man, taking the bullet meant for Sherlock’s head in his stomach, Sherlock would have left the scene in a body bag.
A response came through twelve minutes later.
He scrambled around until they were face to face, groaning when John caught him by the nape and pulled him into a breath-stealing kiss. He could taste himself, and that made him wriggle with anticipation for what was to come. As their tongues slid together, the forked tip of John’s painted lustful patterns over and over against the roof of Sherlock’s mouth. Their bodies writhed and bucked into one another until Sherlock’s knees slipped open, and he straddled John’s waist. With a twitch of his hips, a half-circular shift, John angled himself until the weeping head of his cold cock caressed the spit-loosened muscle of Sherlock’s entrance.
“You okay?” John asked, looking up at him from his open text.
Then, following some instinct John couldn’t name, he set aside the blade and laid his hand over the freshly-shaved skin. Sherlock gasped at the contact, blood rushing into his face and darkening his pale cheeks. The touch was light, John’s fingers barely brushing the blade-reddened skin, but Sherlock’s response was like a man run through with an electric current, his body jolting from head to toe.
“Don’t argue, Sherlock. This isn’t up for discussion.” John’s voice rang with commanding force, a soldier all over again. “We do this with the chains, or we don’t do this at all. I’ll find someone else if I have to.”
“Oh — did I wake you?” he asked, prompting Sherlock to glance down at himself and take in his sleep-mussed clothes.
compelling,” John muttered, annoyed. “It’s called suggestion. It's not the same thing.” Despite the irritation in his voice, his eyes flashed with ravenous hunger, the uncertainty fading in its wake. “Fine, then… Hurry up and finish with the chains.”
“A local nightclub.”
— to experience how it felt to accept that cock into his body.
John stared at him for a moment, then let out an incredulous laugh that sounded closer to a bark than a human sound. “You’re serious.”
As if unaware of the tension in the room, John strode to the futon, plunking down next to Sherlock. Without so much as a flicker of discomfort, he slung an arm around Sherlock’s waist, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, smooth as you please. John was damp, his flushed skin warmed from the shower. He smelled of himself and the familiar scents of Sherlock’s body wash and shampoo. It took nearly all of Sherlock’s self-control to resist the urge to turn his head, to meet John’s lips in a far less chaste kiss. He briefly wondered if Mycroft’s looming presence would be enough to stop things from progressing beyond that point and decided not to test the already uncertain waters.
had pulled out all the stops. The air vibrated with music pitched just loud enough to make all but close-talking impossible. Coloured lights strobed over Sherlock’s pale skin and wet shirt as he made his way toward the bar. The dance floor wasn’t yet filled, but a few die-hards were already trying to lose themselves to the rolling beat of electronic dance music. Several brave, eager souls danced alone, and a few couples — and two trios — twisted together in sinuous rhythm. Far more bodies occupied the small tables and couches scattered throughout the club or thronged around the bar.
Heaving an annoyed sigh, Sherlock staggered up from the futon and crossed to where John stood. He took the jacket from John and hung it on a peg next to the door. Without speaking, Sherlock began to work the buttons of John’s dress shirt open, and John came to life under his touch with a startled sputter.
Sherlock frowned. John liked his moles? How odd. Usually, such marks were considered unattractive evidence of imperfection. Though Sherlock had grown to ignore their presence, he’d never had anyone point them out in such a way, as if they were something beautiful. Even more unexpected than the comment itself was John reaching out to brush the pad of his thumb over the three moles marking the side of Sherlock’s neck like a constellation of blemishes. The touch stole the breath from Sherlock’s lungs, his next inhale catching in his throat with an audible hitch.
John chose to ignore the odd reaction, gently tilting Sherlock’s head back and to the side as he maneuvered the blade up the side of Sherlock’s throat. John did so with great care, tongue caught between his teeth, scared of slipping. All the while, he could feel Sherlock’s gaze on him, a burning point of scrutiny that John struggled not to squirm beneath. Instead, he wiped the blade and tilted Sherlock’s head again, repeating the movement.
Sherlock hesitated, then turned and paced toward John. He still felt buoyed, body heavy but soul light, and the contradiction leant a bounce to his step. “I am,” he confirmed, eyeing John’s exhausted manner. “Late night?”
The man grinned and winked. “I’ll do my best,” he promised, turning to grab a blue bottle off the shelf. Eyes focused on his hands as he mixed ingredients in a golden cocktail shaker, he asked, “What brings you back to
Emboldened by that silent faith, John swept his fingertips down the strip of skin he’d just shaved, feeling goosebumps rise in the wake of his caress. Sherlock’s shiver increased, the colour infusing his face darkening to a deeper, tantalizing flush. John watched, enchanted, as Sherlock’s eyebrows drew together, then upward and back down as a myriad of complex expressions flitted across his face. He turned his hand, cupping the side of Sherlock’s neck, tracing the rough line of Sherlock’s bobbing throat with the pad of his thumb, just to see what would happen.
Sherlock was silent as the grave throughout. The only sounds in the kitchen were his loud breathing and the slick, rasping scrape of the blade as it scored stubble from skin. The moment held a strange intimacy, like the two of them existed in a bubble, removed from the world with only each other for contact.
John reappears - this time with dinner and an odd request.
John blinked in response to the question, looking momentarily bemused by the direction of Sherlock’s thoughts. Shifting beneath the covers, he freed one hand and propped his elbow on the pillow, chin cradled in his palm. He studied Sherlock’s face in silence before replying, “No. I have most of the day off.”
The door closed firmly behind him, the click sounding deadly final in the ensuing silence.
“Great, it’s a date,” John replied with a cheeky wink that made Sherlock’s mind grind to a complete and stuttering halt. “And you can keep the leftovers,” John went on as if he hadn’t just said something shocking. “Goodnight, Sherlock.” With that, John was gone, the door snapping closed behind him, leaving Sherlock gawking in the middle of his flat.
“I’ll… talk to you later?” John asked, more a question than anything else.
“What is this?” John asked. “What are we doing?”
Scowling, Sherlock opened his mouth to retort, words fading as the shower turned on in the bathroom. Closing his mouth, he watched his brother’s eyes dart toward the sound, his forehead creased by a brief frown, there and gone, fleeting. Mycroft’s features hardened, and Sherlock smirked.
and nothing more.
Leaning over the counter, he caught the attention of one of the three bartenders. Their eyes met above the heavy, square bottle the man lifted in one hand as he executed a dramatic pour of dark, amber liquid over a line of shot glasses. Leaving a line of women to down their shots, the bartender swaggered over. Sherlock, fixing a charming smile on his face and maintaining his casual slouch against the glass top of the bar, watched him approach.
— a strange name for a nightclub, but all nightclubs seemed to have ridiculous names. Peculiar name aside, Sherlock was familiar with the establishment. It had been, by no means, a frequent haunt of his, but he vaguely recalled a few hazy memories of the place. All smoky, thick air and strobing lights, his recollections blurred by whatever illegal substance he’d ingested within minutes of slipping through the front door.
Sherlock’s blood burned with arousal, his cock twitching uncomfortably in his pants, constricted and ignored.
Sherlock stared back at him, his mouth popping open in shock. It was a moment before he could respond, which Mycroft took as a delay. He gave Sherlock a slight shake and repeated the question, demanding, “Well? Have you?”
This time, Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from reacting. “You wouldn’t dare.”
Whatever it was, he appreciated that confidence for granting him this blissful moment.
A slow, warm grin broke out over John’s face, erasing his uncertain expression. “I would,” he said, the tension easing out of his shoulders. “Thank you.” He sidled past Sherlock, entering the flat with considerably more confidence than he had the night before, setting his messenger bag down next to the door.
It took nearly an hour for Sherlock to shake off the arresting drag of his jumbled thoughts. He spent the time curled up in his leather chair, hands pressed together beneath his chin, knees drawn up to his chest. In this tight, tense posture, Sherlock came to the conclusion that John must be insane. It was the only explanation for why he would continuously seek out Sherlock’s presence. Why he would so brazenly flirt with Sherlock, even once he came to know him as the quiet, awkward young man that Sherlock was. Sure, people often flirted with Sherlock. He assumed it was his height, maybe the cheekbones or his full, Cupid Bow lips. Minor signs of classical beauty, though Sherlock thought his face too long and angular to truly be considered attractive. Yes, people flirted with him, were attracted to him. But that so rarely lasted beyond him opening his mouth. Sometimes, if he kept quiet and was in the mood, there was a bit more than flirting. But not much lasted past that point, once minds were no longer focused on getting off, on release and satisfaction.
Hands clenched at his sides, Sherlock stalked to the window. He stared down at the streets below, lips pursed as he tried to regain control. Silence echoed behind him. For once, his brother — overbearing, obstinate Mycroft — didn’t seem to have a ready response. The quiet dragged out, weighted, suffocating.
I shall see you in the morning.”
“Lady Gaga?” Mike suggested.
“You aren't a freak, Sherlock.” John managed to say. “You’re smart, and a bit eccentric at times, but not a freak.”
washed over them as they approached the building. As they were about to enter, John's phone began to ring.
"I took Lucifer's side," Sherlock replied. "That's all I needed to do."
John stood outside the school, tapping his foot impatiently as he waited for Sherlock to arrive. They had texted over the summer, and John missed his little friend more than words could say.
"It would be easier to sneak you out if your tail was a bit shorter," Sherlock mused to John as they waited for the doors to open. Sherlock had stayed overnight, keeping John distracted from his growing anxiety. "I sneak in through the vents, and I can't very well carry you through them."
“It’s special hair crème from Afghanistan.” I say, working my lips into something resembling a smile. “It’s supposed to make your hair really shiny. It’s an apology for making you think that I was mad at you.”
"Ooo! Johnny's got a boy-toy!" Jim all but squeals.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Anything for my best customer," Angelo said.
“They’re thumbs. I need them to-”
"You as well, Angelo," Sherlock managed to gasped. "I was wondering if you could do me a favour..."
"You said 'John and I' when the correct structure of the sentence would be 'John and me'. Think of it as a replace and remove exercise where you remove the-"
“You kidnapped him?” Mycroft looked shell-shocked. “I thought you paid a random man to pretend to be your boyfriend.”
“What do normal people do when they become slaves?” Sherlock asked.
He didn’t care if John turned out to be dumb, he realised as he fell asleep. John could be the dumbest creature in the whole world, but Sherlock would protect him, because John was special.
this thing, so I’m not allowed to do it
John snorted at that, holding out his hand for Sherlock to shake. "It's nice to meet you. I'm-"
“Ah.” Sheol frowned, taking a step back. “Your marriage. I forgot, naturally.”
Sherlock wondered. He stared at the hand that was place atop of his, bewilderment and shock freezing him in place.
“Night, John.” David replied, smiling at his son. “Sleep well.”
The police dragons, who had all been chatting amongst themselves, whipped around at John’s name, their eyes wide.
At first, Sherlock refused to take the case to spite his brother, but his curiosity won out in the end. How was it possible that someone managed to kill a human right under Mycroft's nose?
"Afghanistan," John confirmed. "That was...amazing."
"We're here, John," Sherlock said, pulling him from his thoughts.
John had attempted suicide no less than five times that week, each one more creative than the last. John was being reckless with his life, and Sherlock was terrified that he would somehow succeed in his endeavour.
"I've got a cane," John replied. "I got kicked out of the army because of my limp. I think that constitutes as broken."
"God, are you really this dumb?" Jim sighs again. "I wasn't try to put you in prison, Johnny-boy. I was trying to put Sherlock there."
"John, no!" Sherlock looks panicked.
Leaving the makeshift morgue, Sherlock strolled to the source of the commotion, unsurprised to find a slew of doctors surrounding a man who has already started to glow.
Suddenly, a wad of paper smacked into John's ear, causing him to startle. He picked up the wad, frowning at it as he examined it.
"You're wearing a collar, aren't you?" Anderson said with a smirk, though any bravado was lost in the rapid creeping of his scales.
“Yes. They are waiting for him.” Greg replied.
"I was thinking about your Christmas present."
“Don’t worry, the kiss was nothing but sealing a contract.” Sherlock had assured the angry human with a chuckle. “Your heterosexuality is still unchallenged…unless you enjoyed it?”
"He is probably the most dangerous wizard you will possibly meet," Sherlock agreed. "Don't worry, if he hurts you, I'll tell mummy."
"You don’t have to do this, you know," John said. "You're putting yourself in danger too."
“My name is Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock said after a few minutes of silence. “It would be beneficial to know each other if you’re going to pretend to be Victor.”
"Mr Holmes, you have stolen government property," The man said, taking a step forward. That was all the motivation Sherlock needed for his next move.
Mycroft merely smiled before turning to Sherlock. “Sign the papers, Sherlock. Don’t make me order you.”
“I won’t.” I promise, smiling in a placating manner. It seems to sooth Sebastian, who gives me a taut smile in return before resuming his pacing.
It was later, after I had gotten home and swapped the large green t-shirt for a more comfortable jumper that I got a text.
"Sherlock?" A different voice said, sending a shock through Sherlock's system. He whirled around to see John standing there, a small smile on his face.
"I do believe your people have named him 'God'," Sherlock breathed, and John's mouth gaped open. "No need to worry, John. He is our father."
Sherlock smirked at that. "Want to see some more?"
“I think the same old Sherlock is brilliant.” John blurted out, feeling as surprised as everyone else looked. “Sure, he can be a bit bossy, and sometimes it’s hard to tell that he cares, but he’s…well, he’s special.”
Moriarty threw a scathing look at John, who returned the sentiment with equal fervour
what Sherlock wanted to do. It had been difficult enough to get Sherlock into half-dragon form, proud as he was of his sharp claws, red horns, and powerful tail.  Sherlock’s ultimate test would be which human was the least scared of him.
“A detective inspector.” Mycroft corrected.
“I ate toast earlier.” Sherlock complained, almost sounding like his normal self.
century knight or something. Did people really still do that? “It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
"The Gryffindor Quidditch team!" John beamed.
“Don’t listen to him,” Sherlock interrupts, making his way through the retreating group of guards, Jim glaring back at us as he’s lead along the hall. “He practically runs it. Mycroft, I thought I told you to- John, you’re bleeding.”
“You’re actually going to go look?” Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow in John’s general direction. Not that he could see him, of course. The lack of outside lighting made it difficult to see.
"Thank you." Sherlock said after a moment. Suddenly, the entire press conference seemed a whole lot less tedious.
“Jim Moriarty. Hi.” The boy said, grabbing his hand and shaking it enthusiastically. “A pleasure to meet you.”
“You stole Santa’s cookies.” Sherlock chuckled.
John grinned, but it fell off his face when he saw the look on Sherlock’s. He looked completely miserable. John couldn’t help the guilt that swept through him at the sight.
John turned just then, his eyes going wide when they landed on Sherlock. He smiled brighter than when they had won, and Sherlock’s stomach flipped in a way that wasn’t entirely unpleasant.
"You're a soldier." Sherlock grinned down at him. "Practically a doctor, with what you've gone through."
"And what sorts of cases interest you?" John asked.
*****
"Jim!" John cried out. "Watch out!"
“My son, thank you. This means more than you know.” The Shining One’s face glowed with pride and love. Cain shot an annoyed glance at Abel before speaking.
want to meet your parents.”
“Don’t worry, he’s just having a tantrum.” Mycroft said, sounding almost bored. John could see that he was worried about his brother from the tightness in his eyes. “It will pass.”
“Oh god, yes.”
The reply is almost immediate, and even though I’ve only known Sherlock for a couple of days, there is no doubt in my mind that it’s him.
"Of course," John said, nodding once. "I'll just..."
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think you’re on your tenth biscuit.” I say in wonder, shaking my head as Sherlock stuffs a whole one into his mouth, grinning through the crumbs.
"He grabbed my hand, and I let it go," John corrected. "Anyway, why do you care if I hold some other blokes hand?"
“Right away, love.” Mary hummed, sounding a little distracted. “Don’t worry, you’ll be home by Christmas!”
"He's hardly a slave." Sherlock snapped without thought. "And it's what he wants. He desires to leave, to see his family."
"Thank you, Victor, dear." Mummy said, patting her hair as she sat next to father.  "It was no trouble at all. It's nice to be able to cook for more people. Maybe next year Anthea will be here?"
“We thought he would grow out of it.” Siger said. “But I’m afraid he’s still the same old Sherlock.”
“Yes.” Mycroft managed to look only slightly guilty. “I have important work to do, and I can’t just leave my mobile for days on end. Sherlock has my personal phone.”
"You're here!" John crowed, knowing the Sherlock would be able to understand him even though his voice was muffled by the water. "You've been gone so long. What have you been doing?"
"Yeah, you told me to," John reminded him.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock asked, feeling thunderstruck. John was supposed to vanish, to never appear again, yet there he was, wearing the jumper that Mummy bought for him.
“Oh, hello there.” The creature said, his teeth bared in a friendly expression. Sherlock blinked at him, taking his appearance in. He didn’t look very different than the people of his planet. His hair was an odd yellow colour, and his face was rounder, but other than that, they could be of the same race. His father looked quite a bit like this creature, in fact, something that comforted him.
“You have been keeping him busy.” Greg snorts. “He’s been complaining to me this entire week about you.”
Molly was exactly where he had expected her to be, her brown hair pulled back in a severe ponytail. She glanced up when she saw him, the pleased smile falling off her face when she caught a glimpse of him.
“Will he see his wife and son?” Sheol asked.
“You expect me to just get back in this car?” He said with gritted teeth. “Just go back to the bloody estate as though nothing happened?”
"Holmes?" Jim looked intrigued. "Your mother wouldn't happen to be Violet Holmes, would she?"
“You’re an added bonus.” Sherlock winks at me, pulling out his mobile. “Come along. I have to meet Victor later on this evening, and I wish to get some work done.”
I spot Greg in the hallway and make a beeline towards him. His rucksack is slung over his shoulder, and he looks about as exhausted as I feel.
“Don’t be silly, David.” Ann said, though she knew her husband couldn’t hear her. “Of course you made the right decision. Who on earth did you think left those real estate pamphlets on your desk?”
“That was…” The blond appeared to be thinking of a word, and before Sherlock could suggest the more commonly used ‘freak’ or ‘psychopath’, he finished his thought. “Amazing.”
“I told you that he’s hilarious.” Sherlock said, placing a hand on John’s shoulder, one that was promptly brushed off. “He does this all the time.”
One year later...
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched, and John grinned at him in victory. He held out a hand, and Sherlock took it, letting John pull him into a standing position.
"We have a visitor," Sherlock announced before striding towards the door, John following helplessly behind him.
“What on earth is
"Even though you're not Tom," John repeated. "And...Well, I did promise to date him, but if it doesn't work out-"
Sheol looks up again to find The Shining One clothing the man and woman in animal skins. He waits patiently, and soon The Shining One adorns him in skins as well, but he is given something that the man and woman are not.
“Do you like the violin?” Sherlock asked.
He pocketed his card and receipt, keeping hold of the fuzzy handcuffs as he exited the rundown petrol station. The whole situation had been far too close for comfort, and it was taking every ounce of Sherlock’s self-control not to bolt to the car.
"I can think of one," A dragon by the name of Phillip Anderson said, his yellow scales forming to protect his weak points. "Your pet made a habit of killing people sneakily."
"I don't know why you insisted we attend this, John," Sherlock said, his right hand laced in John's left. "It's an event for people to pretend that they're doing better than everyone else, and to lie about their accomplishments."
hurt. Sherlock groaned as he stretched out, sand smooth against his back.
“You are my only friend.” Sherlock replied. A hand on the back of Sherlock’s shoulder gave a small tug, and all too soon he was being led back to a large ship, guided up the stairs by his annoying brother.
“John Watson is a blond.” Mycroft said. “He received formal doctoral training by obtaining illegal hair dyes and masquerading as a red-head.”
"Molly, please," Sherlock said, keeping his eyes locked on the thumbs in front of him. The door to the morgue swished softly, and he grit his teeth at the thought of some nameless technician seeing him like this. "Not now."
"You saved me from a nasty burn." Sherlock stated.
"Sherlock!" John cried when he spotted Sherlock still trapped in the car, which was sinking slowly. "Hold on!"
“Of course I did. Everyone did.” It was Sherlock’s turn to avoid eye contact, and he had it mastered. “It just…got worse when I got to know you.”
Sherlock was silent for a moment. “No, merely an observation by myself. Of course you did. You’re primarily a doctor, and you have a high sense of morals.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, and he sat up so he could look at John better. John tried not to fidget under his scrutiny, the closed ring box still tight in his grip.
"Nonsense, you'll be great," a voice interrupted, causing both Molly and Sherlock to jump.
John lunged forward at that, pressing his lips against Sherlock's before he could stop him. But
Sherlock stood up and left her office without another word. There were people in the waiting room, and they flinched away as he walked past. The angel’s he understood; after all, they had seen what he was capable of. The humans’ were a little more confusing. Perhaps it was obvious to them what he was.
He hung up quickly, whirling back to the pair, a bright smile on his face. “Out of regular coffee? What a shame! How about the customer and I go and grab some out of the back?”
Jim turns to me, placid smile once again on his face. "How are you holding up, Johnny?"
In fact, John had barely seen Jim all day. He figured (rather irrationally) that Jim was avoiding him, until Sebastian cornered him later that afternoon.
“Hello?” A feminine voice on the phone said. “Mary Morstan speaking. Who is this?”
“Sherlock.” John grinned at him, looking entirely unconcerned that his life could have ended. “It’s good to see you.”
“My name is Prince Sherlock.” Purple said, ignoring John’s annoyance. “Welcome home, John.”
Sherlock had become a fast friend, and he treated John like an equal, which was rare. Even the dragons at the Yard had begun to relax around him, joking around with him while Sherlock was busy, much to Sherlock's annoyance.
“Sherlock Holmes,” He answers, his brow furrowing at what the speaker tells him. “What do you mean, someone died? Victor…no, I don’t care that this means your father will be out of the house all evening, I…oh.”
“What does that mean?”
"You're the first," John replied dryly. "How did you know I could understand you? You were the first person to actually address me."
"Oh, you are, are you?" John grinned, standing up so he could walk closer to Sherlock.
"Ah," Sherlock replied intelligently, his stomach sinking. "And do you want to?"
“That was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. You observed all that about me?” There was a small, surprised smile on the blonde’s face.
“Gregory??” Mummy’s voice was growing shriller.
"How can you be sure?"
“Why are you here?” John groaned, trying not to feel too exposed in his towel.
But what it was, John would never find out. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s cheek, which shut him up immediately. The other hand rested itself on the nape of Sherlock’s neck, playing with the soft curls. John gave Sherlock a reassuring grin before closing the distance, standing on his tip toes to reach the taller man’s lips.
"I was," John said, walking towards him slowly. "And do you know what I figured out while I was on a date with him?"
"You asked me to."
near Cahors, France. I thought I mentioned it?"
"You could." John said, peeling himself from the wall. "I should head out, then. He wants to meet at some fancy restaurant by the Thames."
case is none of your concern,” Sherlock replied. His teeth were beginning to ache, clenched as they were. His words sounded strained, forced out through them.
“I’m not a toddler,” Sherlock grumbled, frowning at John’s incredulous laugh. He didn’t bother to reply, and John hoped that meant he would do as bid.
“Oh,” he gasped out, hips twitching as his body stretched to accommodate the immense penetration. It felt impossible that something of such tremendous size would fit. But fit it did, and it kept going, pushing into Sherlock until his toes curled and his mind went blank, buzzing with fits of pleasure. He should be overstimulated, painfully sensitive and wrung out from his earlier orgasm. Instead, Sherlock felt revitalized, his own cock already rising in response to the stretch of John inside him. The sensations were so intense, it was all Sherlock could do to brace himself on John’s chest and moan at the intrusion. His cock leaked liberally, precum smearing over John’s stomach even as Sherlock fought not to drool.
Against his better judgement, caught up in the sudden and strange intimacy of the moment, Sherlock felt drawn forward. He drifted closer and was pleasantly pleased when John scooted nearer as well, his eyes searching Sherlock’s before dropping to Sherlock’s mouth.
The two brothers waited without speaking, their gazes locked in a silent stare down. Eventually, the shower shut off in the washroom. Sherlock flinched, and the tension lines bracketing Mycroft’s grim mouth deepened. They looked at one another, still without speaking, unexpressed words hanging in the heavy silence between them.
Before he could question the delay, John spoke up again.
Sherlock took a moment to appreciate how it felt to have someone actually care about his mental state before getting a hold of himself. It wouldn’t do any good for him to be caught staring. Instead of returning to the email that had briefly unnerved him, Sherlock set the laptop aside and reached for the book he’d cracked open earlier in the day. It was easy to lose himself in his reading, and time passed without comment between them.
“I’m excellent, John,” he said in a strained voice, still with his eyes closed. “Are you nearly finished?”
“Not what I said,” John said with an indulgent smile. Trust Sherlock to approach something like feelings with utter rationality, even as the apparent sign of his arousal pressed against the backs of John’s thighs. “I just never knew until now that you felt this way. It’s… well, it’s a bit of a surprise.”
“Helping you shower and go to the loo when you’re injured isn’t really the same as an intimate relationship,” John interrupted, amused.
“Likewise,” Mycroft said with a sharp smile before turning to Sherlock. “I’ll send you the details of what we discussed. Please try not to ‘accidentally’ delete the email.” With that last parting shot, Mycroft took his leave, Sherlock and John standing silently in his wake.
“Sherlock? Are you even listening to me?” Despite the pain and fatigue in John’s voice, there was an edge of irritation that made Sherlock shake his head and snap back to the moment.
“My flat is upstairs,” he said, confusion evident in his fatigue-slurred voice.
Sherlock was stunned. As he’d agonized over what signals he might be sending John — and what, if any, signals John could be sending him — John had succumbed to his fatigue. Which made Sherlock wonder if John trusted him enough to sleep or if he’d simply been too tired to stay awake a second longer.
“The human body can go a surprisingly long time without sleep,” Sherlock said, trotting down the stairs with John at his heels. “I proved so in an experiment, once. I managed to stay awake for nearly two weeks before I accidentally drank chamomile tea and promptly passed out on the kitchen floor.”
“Not enough strength,” John managed, his voice somewhere between a growl and a groan, his vocal cords sounding as stuck as the rest of him. “It’ll come along once we get started.” He tried to get his hands beneath him, lifted inches off the mattress, and collapsed with a panting whine. “Help me roll over.”
It took nearly an hour for him to reach the front of the line. By then, the persistent mist hanging in the air had soaked through Sherlock’s black shirt. It clung to him like a second skin, the thin fabric damp and unpleasant, though it earned him an appreciative look from the doorman and a prompt wave inside. The moment Sherlock stepped through the door, he understood — and remembered — why. It only took a quick glance around the club’s interior for him to recall that
“And who is that?” John asked, tracing Sherlock’s lips with a lazy finger. He gently massaged the hard clench of Sherlock’s jawline, a silent urge for him to stop grinding his teeth. Sherlock obliged as the phone fell silent. Almost at once, it began to vibrate, pinging with multiple text alerts.
“Are you sure?” he asked, shooting Sherlock a bemused look. His face was flushed, eyes darkened by his dilated pupils and evident arousal.
Sherlock caught John under the arm as he began to sag at the knees, hauling him upright. With John balanced against his side, Sherlock turned to order Lestrade’s lackeys to call an ambulance, but John stopped him.
“Well, I still say it’s amazing,” John assured him, still with that grin. He rubbed his hands together, looked at his watch, and grimaced. “Sod it all. I really do have to go, or I’ll be late.” Rushing across the small flat, he grabbed his back and threw it over his shoulder before turning back to Sherlock. “See you tomorrow, then?”
Next time? There was going to be a next time? Dinner? Sherlock closed his eyes and resisted the urge to suck in a shaky breath. This close to John, the inhalation would undoubtedly be noted, and Sherlock didn’t want to draw any undue attention to his silent panic — and his confusion. John’s statement made it clear that he expected this arrangement to continue, that he wanted to come back to Sherlock’s flat again in the future. It was baffling.
Sherlock complied, settling John on his back. As he began to remove his own clothing, John lifted his head and growled, “Fasten the chains first.”
Moving slowly, he climbed onto the bed, straddling John’s thighs and hovering over him with a flicker of uncertainty.
It was subtle, a mere second of a crack in his mask, but John caught it. His eyes darted to Mycroft, understanding slowly dawning. He stared at Mycroft for a long moment, then shot Sherlock a side-long glance. “I’ve missed something, haven’t I?”
“I believe it was a conspiracy,” Sherlock said sombrely, fishing for his keys as they reached his door. “I was eleven — I think my nanny may have been behind the sabotage. By all accounts, I became rather… cranky the longer the experiment lasted. I think she was at her wit’s end.”
His plans went up in smoke when Sherlock saw that John was wide awake, mere inches away and watching him closely. He faced Sherlock on his borrowed pillow, his expression impossible to read. The midday light leant a warm cast to his puzzled features.
“I’m fine,” he said, unable to help but smile when John’s features creased into a doubtful frown. “None the worse for wear. In fact,” Sherlock stretched, arms raised over his head, back lifting, toes pointed into the mattress, “I feel
John tasted like stale coffee and the distantly sour tang of morning breath. Sherlock was confident that he tasted no better.
“Of course.” Brushing off Lestrade’s frantic concerns, Sherlock bullied the DI into driving them back to Baker Street, arriving far faster than a cab could have managed. Still, John was fading fast and staggering, his progress to the black door closer to dragging than actual walking.
John just laughed. “Can’t live with them, can’t live without them — or so the parents like to tell me. Ah, well, on to better things.”
He found himself at a loss.
“I’m not a child anymore,” Sherlock snapped, shedding his clothes lightning-fast and ducking out of sight behind the shower curtain while Mycroft’s back was still turned. “And you haven’t bathed me since I was
Taking a deep, calming breath, John braced a hand on the chair back, trying to find the right angle. It was awkward, and he reconsidered. After a moment of hesitation, he shook off his anxiety and cupped Sherlock’s jaw at the hinge. Sherlock’s eyes flew open at the contact, clearly startled, his lips parting around a small gasp. To John’s immense relief, he held still otherwise.
“Wouldn’t have it any other way,” John said with a grin, then bent his head to meet Sherlock’s upturned mouth.
The contact was an electric shock, making Sherlock jolt from head to toe. His body responded at once, his skin tingling with anticipation, his blood blazing as need sank bone-deep throughout him. The thumb shifted, tugging downward, coaxing Sherlock’s mouth open, his lips parting willingly under John’s guidance.
“I’ve never been more sure in my life,” Sherlock growled, glaring at the phone. Threading his fingers through John’s dishwater-blonde hair, he tugged John’s face back around to his own. “If you don’t kiss me, I’m going to issue a formal complaint.”
When it finally stopped, Sherlock expected John to collapse, just as he usually did when Sherlock worked him to completion in their typical coupling. But he was proven wrong as John’s cock twitched, keeping him open and stretched, no sign of it softening after that awe-inspiring orgasm. As John began to move within him again, slower this time, with long, deep strokes, Sherlock melted against his chest. He felt wrung out and undone, eyes half-open as he lay on top of John, his body moved by each thrust. There was a silver kind of rapture to their lovemaking this time, the room nearly silent save for the slick sound of their coupling, the soft rasps of Sherlock’s panting breath, and the rough cadence of growls vibrating deep in John’s chest.
Wondering how he could have forgotten his unexpected house guest for even a few seconds, Sherlock twisted around in his chair and encountered an empty futon. He frowned at it, staring for a long moment as he noted the textbooks were also gone. Clearly, John had left while Sherlock slept. He must have been in a hurry. Maybe he had somewhere to be? That made more sense than John running away from him… Right?
“John, wait—” Sherlock began, cut off by his own strangled inhale and then by John’s tongue as he was breached. He started to tense in anticipation of pain, but something strange and rippling coursed through him, and his muscles went loose and slack. With one shaking hand planted on John’s chest, Sherlock shuddered helplessly as the breaching went on and on, the round, throbbing head of John’s cock entering him as easily as if he had been slicked with lube.
Shaking his head, still looking somewhat incredulous, John huffed out a skeptical little sigh. “You’re serious,” he repeated, prompting Sherlock to roll onto his side and press himself tantalizingly along the length of John’s body.
“Well,” Mycroft said, looking at the closed door with hooded eyes, “that was a bit pathetic, wasn’t it?” He looked back at Sherlock, his face taking on a sympathetic expression. Like they were on the same side... like they thought the same things. “Ordinary people really do display so many useless and unhelpful emotions, don’t they?” He shook his head, smoothing an invisible wrinkle from the front of his flawless suit jacket. “If you ask me, you’re better off without him.”
It was… flattering.
Grimacing, John swung his legs over the edge of the futon. “Okay, I think you win.”
“That suits me just fine,” John said as he pulled the lids off the takeaway boxes. Steam curled upward from the uncovered dishes, filling the flat with the tantalizing smells of spices and chillies. Drawn forward by the mouth-watering scents, Sherlock drifted into the kitchenette, his unattended hunger momentarily defeating his uncertainty.
“Guess I bought too much,” John mused, eyeing the leftovers. “You know what they say — my eyes are bigger than my stomach!”
John cocked an eyebrow. “Incubi don’t compel,” he snapped, eyes flashing. “That’s vampire lore. It’s not the same thing, and I can’t control it when I’m in this state.” Lips pursed, John struggled up onto his knees, straddling the sheets. His flushed cock stood straight up from its nest of coarse hair, the barbs at the base twitching in time with John’s weakened, quickening pulse. “If you can’t handle that one order, then you’re not going to like what happens if we continue.” Arms folded over his chest, wincing at the pain of his injury, John eyed Sherlock with pensive concern. “Maybe this isn’t a good idea. We should do what we usually do. It might be enough.”
A flush rose in his face, warmth travelling up Sherlock’s neck and blooming in his cheeks, darkening the longer the silence drew out between them.
John chuckled. “I suppose not,” he allowed, looking around the room. Sherlock stepped aside, watching him warily as he tried to gauge John’s impression of the space. The tension in his shoulders eased when John turned and flashed a reassuring smile. “Very minimalist. I like it.”
Sherlock’s hands clenched into fists, his fingers digging into the faded fabric of the comforter beneath him. The futon smelled like him and John, and he had to force that distracting fact aside. Sherlock refused to prove Mycroft right. “What do you want, Mycroft?”
he whispered throatily, fingers tangled in Sherlock’s curls. “God, Sherlock. Nothing compares.”
John’s reaction was immediate, a sibilant hiss escaping his changed mouth. “Bedroom,” he ordered, adding, “Now,” when Sherlock hesitated. Releasing his hold on John’s hair, Sherlock scrambled to his feet, pausing when John caught him by the leg. His nails were longer, sharp where they snagged in the fabric of Sherlock’s trousers. Even weakened as he was by his injury, John’s grip was like a vice. “Get the chains ready.”
Forehead pressed to John’s shoulder, Sherlock brushed a kiss over the wings he could feel already growing under the blood-soaked fabric of John’s shirt. “You need my life force,” he said, his voice barely louder than a whisper. A fissure of anticipation raced through him, and Sherlock struggled to keep his excitement to himself. No doubt, John could feel it, attuned to emotion as he was, his senses only heightened as he went through the change. “You won’t survive this without it.” Eyes closed, Sherlock breathed deeply, inhaling John’s musky scent at his nape. “Am I right?” he whispered into John’s sweat-damp hair.
“Come, Sherlock,” John ordered, his voice leaving no room for disobedience. “Come for me.”
“John Watson,” John replied, taking the hand with a confused look at Sherlock. “You must be… Sherlock’s brother?” he hazarded a guess.
John’s thrusts drove him into the bed, making the reinforced frame bang and creak with each rocking press forward. Sherlock, like a man caught out at sea with naught but a plank to keep him afloat, clung to John with desperate fingers. He felt like a supernova, pure force and energy exploding outward as John plundered him, sucking away life-force even as he replaced it with something else. Produced some purely sexual ebb and flow that wrapped Sherlock in a haze of rapture.
John was starting to think he might be going mad before he slid his hand to the nape of Sherlock’s neck and cupped the base of his skull to tilt his head back. As he did so, Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut, and his throat jumped with an audible swallow. Startled, John’s grip tightened momentarily in the damp curls caught beneath his fingers, and Sherlock jolted with a quiet groan. The reaction was so visceral that John froze, staring down at Sherlock’s upturned face. His eyes were tightly shut, face screwed up in a grimace that looked strangely close to horrified.
John still looked bemused. “I… really?” he asked, peering up at Sherlock warily. “I mean — you don’t even know me.”
A shiver wracked Sherlock’s lithe frame, goosebumps rising on his skin at John’s rough tone, the need in his strained voice. Planting his hands on the floor, he bent until their faces were level. This close, Sherlock could smell the bitter, metallic tang of John’s blood, could feel the seep of that blackish ichor in the fabric stretched over his knees as John bled out. Holding John’s glassy gaze without blinking, Sherlock asked, “Tell me what to do.”
“Relax,” he said, waiting for Sherlock to stop clenching his jaw and facial muscles. It took a moment before everything slowly eased. However, Sherlock’s lower body remained steel-tense, and John could still feel those minute tremours beneath his hand. But Sherlock didn’t speak, keeping his eyes shut, so John didn’t comment on it.
Sherlock sighed., resigned to addressing his brother’s overprotectiveness. “Nothing you, Mummy or Daddy would disapprove of. I’m fine, Mycroft. Really. This case won’t be an issue. Just text. Me. The. Details.” He punctuated each word with a nudge toward the door until his brother was forced to move lest Sherlock push him off his feet.
“When Sherlock was a boy, he was rather rude to the children in the neighbourhood.” Siger explained to an obviously confused John.
“Come on, get in the car.”
Unfurling the paper, he was surprised to see what looked like a hastily written note.
“What can we do to get back at Victor?” I interrupt before I can hear one of those dreaded apologises. You know, the ones where you have to tell them it’s not their fault, and then they apologise again. The pair shoot me identical grins, all chance of awkward apologies out the window.
"I'm hardly an angel,
Molly giggled in response, and Sherlock turned to look at the customers, deducing what sort of coffee they were going to get. It always helped to be prepared.
“That was….really weird, to be honest.” The DI said, shaking his head. “And I’m not entirely convinced that you’re sober. What’s your name?”
“Of course we did.” I reply. “Though I’m not sure these murders are connected.”
"Sherlock, are you alright?" Molly's soft voice broke through Sherlock's concentration. He had been staring at the severed thumbs for ten minutes, trying to concentrate, and failing miserably.
The rest of the drive had been fairly uneventful, and it wasn’t long before Sherlock was pulling up to his family’s winter estate. He unlocked one of John’s pink cuffs, quickly locking it onto the steering wheel of the car before he had time to react.
“Murdered?”
"Incredible," John confirmed. "Simply incredible."
"Go ahead," Sherlock said with a wave of his hand, "There's no one sitting there."
I tell myself that I’m only going to keep the idiot out of danger, because I’m not allowed to like him. And just because I’m not allowed to like him doesn’t mean I can’t be his friend, right? After all, the Plastics are his friend, even though Victor dated Sherlock, and I’m part of the Plastics.
- on the other doctor’s shoulder.
“What are these?” The blond asked in horror.
John led Sherlock through the corridors of St Bart's, taking him on a familiar path to a familiar landmark.
“Oh, you can read?” the elder dragon said, and John’s new master turned to look at him with increased interest.
I snort at the response, but before I can ask him how he got my number, I get yet another text from him.
“Yes, fine. Now shut up.” Sherlock growled at the dashboard, looking around for a petrol station. It wasn’t until the chime went off three more times that they came upon a rundown station with only two pumps. Sherlock wasn’t even sure that it was in business until he saw a dingy neon ‘open’ sign.
He floated lazily to the top of his tank, breaking the surface of the water. The top was open, a cruel reminder that freedom was so close, yet so impossible. Movement on dry land was difficult for Merfolk, and oxygen would suffocate them within a half hour.
Kisses, hugs and antique rugs,
"Didn't Mycroft give you your freedom?" Sherlock asked, sounding unsure.
He watched with horror as John stooped down to help a friend, exposing himself to the gunfire. Before he could even move, John was on the ground, a spot of red spreading across his shoulder.
“His name is John Watson.” Sherlock looked down at his lap in shame. “And what they say is true. I…I kidnapped him.”
“And you can do that?” I ask
“Great!” Sarah practically sang, and Sherlock listened as they walked off together. He pictured them walking along, arm in arm, both smiling brightly. He imagined John sitting at a booth, flashing Sarah those wonderful smiles that Sherlock sometimes pretended were only for him.
"That's cheating," John sounded amused. "And when did I say it's been a while since my last date?"
"I am sorry." Sherlock repeated. "You should be with her right now."
“Sherlock, calm down.” Mycroft snapped, and the anger vanished from Sherlock’s face, replaced with a cool indifference. “I would have thought you would have been over whatever tiff we had before.”
"You didn't think I knew who was behind all this," Sherlock says, "But I managed to work it out at John's party. You were far too interested in his new 'boyfriend' to not raise some red flags."
The end of the day rapidly approaches, and all too soon, I find myself leaving St. Bart’s. Walking down the stone steps that I found so imposing just that morning. As I dart around the corner, heading for home, I run solidly into someone who is leaning against the wall. We fall to the ground in a tangle of limbs.
"Yes!" Tom said emphatically. "Molly talks about Sherlock quite a bit. He's always been so alone. She's tried to set him up before, but to no avail."
“You really are.” I agree with him. “I bet Jim is looking for you. He called to tell me how much he missed you over winter break.”
John smiled at him. It was a nice smile, and Sherlock wouldn't mind seeing more like them from John. Sherlock smiled back, gesturing towards John’s paper.
“How odd.” Molly said, jotting down a few notes. “But he gave himself up for his sister selfishly. This is an interesting case, indeed.”
“It’s Mycroft’s fault!”
“Your collar.” The smirk was evident in Sherlock’s voice. “It w
incident involving the hideous tie that Mycroft bestowed upon me for Christmas.”
“-and then, just as he was getting in the bath, a whole basketful of feathers was released from the ceiling, making him look like a chicken!” Sherlock said breathlessly, his giggles starting anew as John roared with laughter.
"Oh Sherlock, you didn't talk him out of the date, did you?" Molly asked.
"Utterly mad," John said, "and utterly brilliant."
Jim opened his mouth to respond, but was stopped by the professor entering the classroom. He shot John an apologetic smile, then turned to focus on the book he had set in front of himself. The class was long, and John could feel Jim’s eyes on him every minute or so. It was highly distracting, but in a good way. When the class finally ended, John gathered up his books with an audible sigh, stuffing them into his rucksack and heading out the door.
"By complaining that you'll be stuck with Mycroft all summer?" John snorted. "That doesn't count. Can I call you, if I can't see you?"
"I thought Sherlock Holmes was the smartest kid in this school." John retorted.
“If any of those things include my jumpers, you can forget about it.” John warned. Sherlock didn’t answer him. He merely laughed, then vanished like a puff of smoke. John groaned, running a hand through his hair as he stared at the spot Sherlock had been just a moment ago. Sherlock was…charming, to say the least. If he didn’t watch out, he might actually find himself
Without giving it more than two seconds of thought, Sherlock made up his mind, turning into the narrow corridor and driving through the building to reach the pier. The sides of the car scraped as he drove, not bothering to look back and see if the cars were still following him.
"He hurt my Sebby," Jim shrugs. "That is not allowed."
“Oh, hello to you too. Yes I did have a nice time. The weather is dreadful, isn’t it?” John rolled his eyes. “Of course I am. I couldn’t run off and leave your father alone, now could I?”
“Well, I find myself attracted to-”
“Just be careful.” Greg laughs. “Victor isn’t afraid to get dirty to get what he wants. I would stay away from him.”
"Oh, you're practically guaranteed to be Head Boy," Siger said dismissively.
John didn't have to wait long until Sebastian put his plan into action.
“Lord, I didn’t want to have to deal with a stubborn ghost on my first day in London.” John sighed to himself before addressing Sherlock. “Listen, you’re not meant to be here. You’re supposed to…er…go on, or whatever it is people do after they die.”
"That's what I had suspected," Sherlock replied, "but the finger prints on the gun we found were human sized. Even when a dragon is in their humanoid form, their fingerprints are much larger. They're running the prints now to see if there are any matches in the system."
It started off as a chaste kiss, but quickly elevated into something more passionate. Lips, warm and slick, moved against each other in a sloppy caress that sent jolts of electricity through both of the young men. When Otto began to slow his pace, Sheol followed his lead happily, placing each of his gloved hands on Otto’s face, pulling him closer. He only stopped when Otto did, pulling back to look at his love with a smile on his face. The sight of the other man made him freeze in place.
“I am
"Oho!" Moriarty looked delighted, releasing John immediately, several strands of John's hair ripping out at the rough treatment. "You've grown fond of your little pet."
“Yeah, but not for a party.” Mike said, and I shrugged. That was true. I always came up with some excuse to skive off the parties. This one looked to be unavoidable, though.
have made this Christmas…passable.”
Sherlock repeated in his accented English, and now that John was listening, it was obvious that he was French. “While you may not wish to share with me, I have no intentions of leaving. I’ve been here over two hundred years. I rather like this room.”
After the incident with Jim Moriarty, and his crazy ghost, John kept his head down. He made his way to his first class, sitting down in an open desk. The boy in front of John turned around, giving him an appraising look before shaking his hand.
“Sherlock!” Violet Holmes voice floated towards him, and he turned to his mother, a small smile on his face. “Oh, it’s so good to see you! You’re late, you know. Where’s Victor?”
“Oh my god, Mary!” John said, keeping his voice low. “It’s John. Christ, I need your help!”
Not that it mattered. After all, Sherlock Holmes was going to be at this party. I hadn’t seen a lot of him recently. The lack of murders made it difficult to track the killer, so we were meeting less often. That didn’t stop him from randomly breaking into my room and using my laptop for research. It only happened once a week, if that, and I was really missing him.
“But there’s so much to do around here.” John interjected quickly, waving a hand at the raw goose that was ready to be popped into the oven.
"I'm only in the class behind you." Sherlock replied faux-haughtily. "And I'm several years ahead of you in chemistry. It's my best subject, and no one is more qualified to help you with it than I am."
“You’re that officer I spoke with two days ago.” Sherlock declared. “How do you know my brother?”
“He used to be.” The handler sighed. “Escaped. We’re the only facility that has any capabilities of holding him. He’s not for sale.”
"It's fine." Sherlock lied, closing the paper. Upon second glance, he realised it was over a month old. "I'll be fine. John is with Mary now, no changing that."
Sherlock stepped inside the restaurant, the door had just barely shut when he was enveloped in a large hug.
“He’s very handsome.” Violet’s voice drifted in from the sitting room. It was obvious that they had no idea that John and Siger were home, and John couldn’t help but stopping to listen, earning him a wink from Siger as he left the room, grabbing the stockpot on the way out.
"Yes." Sherlock said simply.
"Maybe." He admitted finally.
"Because," John said with a shrug, "You've been ignoring me for the past two weeks, and the past two years before that. I figure it's time we become friends."
"And now you have proof of my misdeeds," Jim chuckles. "But you're very much mistaken if you think I'm going to prison."
The sitting room was silent for a few seconds before Violet and Siger began to laugh. Sherlock chuckled along with them as John stared at them in bewildered astonishment.
“Whatever.” Victor says, rolling his eyes in a way that suggests he was bored with the conversation. “Did you see the jeans Glen Coco was wearing today? I think this is the third time this week he’s worn them!”
The officers continue to ignore Sherlock, and they lead me towards the doors. The handcuffs bite into my wrist, but they're the most comforting thing since I learned of Oliver's death this morning. If Sebastian wanted me out of the way, then this would do it.
"You okay?" John asked, the concern clear in his tone.
I can almost hear the identical smirks from the men over the phone. The excitement is practically palpable, and I swear I hear one of them rubbing their hands together diabolically.
“I did, just now.” Sherlock paused. “If that’s alright with you.”
"Clean what?" John asked, raising his eyebrows at the sudden switch in topic.
"Give me time," Sherlock replied, chuckling softly. "I'm a consulting detective. Only one in the world; I created the job."
“Oh, it’s natural to be nervous.” Mummy piped in.
“Mycroft, really.” The other said shortly. “Do you not pay attention? I do not go by that name any more.”
“I don’t even know how you figured that out, but that’s true. My mum and dad are dead, so it’s a bit hard to get together with them.”
“Of course, dear.” Mummy replied, stroking his cheek.  “What’s taking him so long?”
“But he was dating people.” Sherlock frowned at her.
“I do,” Sherlock admitted.
to say yes!" She sobbed in joy.
It was eight months after John had been given to him, and Sherlock felt himself pondering a dreaded question. The thought of it felt acidic in his chest, burning its way through his sternum, letting the world see his fear.
“Who are you?” He asks quickly, not wanting him to vanish. The angel smiles at him.
John ran a hand over his face before jumping into bed with his clothes still on. He was unsurprised to find the book that had fallen to the floor completely gone. Ghost books, while ridiculous, were not uncommon. “I’ll find your unfinished business. I always do.”
John let go, squeezing his eyes shut as he fell downwards. His breath caught in his throat as two pairs of strong arms wrapped around his body, only the tip of his tail brushing the cement floor.
"I...you want to help me?" John frowned, "But you've got to be two years younger than me."
“Bye!” Victor calls after me, waving with his clean hand as I leave.
“My plants are far more numerous than his livestock.” He said, his voice infused with pride.
"Not if you're in danger," Sherlock replied. "That
“You have to do it!” Greg and Mike have swept me into a loo, interrogating me as to what had happened during lunch. Mike has completely forgotten his annoyance that I never got his milk, and he is far more interested in my tale. Greg continues talking as his face grows ever more amused. “You have to do it, and then tell us about ever awful thing Victor says!”
“Go away.”
“I know you’re a transfer student. Your father served in the military in either Afghanistan or Iraq. Unsure of which, but it doesn’t matter at the moment. You’re the second child, you have an elder brother who’s already left for university, living far enough away that you rarely see him. Most likely out of the country. Your ambition is to be like your father, a hero in the army. Most likely a medical doctor out there.”
“John!” Sherlock’s voice floated through the door, and John stiffened, telling himself that his quickened heartbeat was merely due to surprise and adrenaline. “John, are you talking to someone in there?”
"It's fun." Molly replied, setting a mug of coffee in front of Sherlock. It was a hideous shade of red, and Sherlock glared at that, too.
“I’m self-employed,” Sherlock shrugged. “I make my own rules. So, do you want the job or not?”
“He kidnapped my John.” The blonde lady shrieked, making Molly jump. “He kidnapped him right out of the blue, and you let him!”
There were only a few people that were present when Oliver Jones declared himself my boyfriend, so when he turns up dead in the school gymnasium, I have a narrow list to choose from.
"You mean-"
particular argument. “We’re on the upper floors. Flat B.”
“Ow. Christ, sorry!” John said, rubbing the shoulder he fell on.
"That's what I'm here for," Sherlock said, shuffling over so that he could see the book better.
"Me?" John asked in confusion.
“To school?” John raised an eyebrow. “Why, do you want to come?”
"It'll be fine," Sherlock said, brushing off his concern. "It'll take barely three seconds to heal with the right charm."
I really am.”
“Excuse me?” John gaped at him, before following close behind. They made their way to the sitting room, and Violet smiled as she saw them.
"Oh no, Sherlock. I wouldn't do that if I was you," Jim says. "Another step, and Johnny-boy here eats a bullet."
It sounded affectionate, and Sherlock could feel his heart swell once more in his chest. "Yes, well, I hadn't exactly
“John, I don’t believe you.”
John gave a small bark of laughter that was laced with sadness. “I haven’t done anything but complain and get you arrested.”
won't," John agreed with a small laugh. "He's a bit of an enigma, isn't he?"
"John," Sherlock's voice is a balm, and John relaxes minutely. "Don't worry, I'll get you out of this. Just trust me."
"Tom?" A voice from behind grabbed Sherlock's attention. He turned around to find an attractive man standing behind him, a cane clenched tightly in his right hand.
“No time for pleasantries. I have a fiancé to find.” Mary said, whirling out of Higbies and into the cold air once more.
The room was almost completely full of policemen before Sherlock fully grasped the gravity of the situation. One moment he was enjoying John’s smile, and then suddenly the room was packed with two dozen or so of Scotland Yard’s finest, several guns pointed at each person seated around the dinner table.
“Yes. I have Sherlock’s number, but he told me that I shouldn’t bother to text. They hide their phones, you see. To become closer as a family, I think.” Molly continued.
Poison, he decided finally, would be the way to go. Less mess for others to clean up. Really, it was the most considerate option.
"Nice to meet you, Greg." John said slowly, watching his visitor warily. "Is there something I can help you with?"
“I was wrong. You could have insulted me more.” He sniffed, mirroring John’s posture.
A car sat there waiting for them, the boot open to reveal a full compartment of water.
Sheol nodded once, his head tilting questioningly.
“But…that’s impossible.” Greg frowned. “That shouldn’t-oh!”
“Essentially, you shall be my slave. In return, your sister shall get her wife back, and her soul will be saved.”
"Sherlock Holmes." Sherlock replied, giving her hand that was thrust rather close to his face a quick shake.
Mycroft graced them both with one last smirk before leaving the restaurant, his umbrella tapping imperiously as he went.
"Greg isn't an invader, you berk. He's Mycroft's guest." John laughed fondly.
“I figured I would buy the wedding band early in lieu of an engagement ring.” John ran a hand through his hair. “If it’s not enough, I can go buy a n-mph!”
"Yeah, for a job...hobbies, those sorts of things," John said. "I figure it's only fair I know, seeing as you know everything about me."
“Right, well, I’ll talk to Father about all this.” Molly sighed, shuffling her papers. “You’re free to go.”
“Patient 6745 has awoken.” One of the ‘doctors’ said, a woman in the back. She was reading what appeared to be a medical chart. “He suffers no long term effects from the localized rebinding. His cognitive processes are nearly at full working order, though some sections of his brain are still warming up from the three day sleep.”
“Plastics?” I give Mike a confused look.
My jaw drops, and I stare at him in amazement. An odd look crosses his face, as though he’s preparing for me to attack him.
“To stop being thought of as a freak.” Sherlock admitted finally. “Or, at least to not be called a freak anymore.”
“While that’s true, you’ve completely misinterpreted the scene.” Sherlock replied quickly. “It was not an accident of a falling pot that killed your victim, but rather the swing of a blunt object, such as a baseball bat. Clearly a murder.”
“I know, dear.” Violet said. “But won’t it be nice to have Victor read it?”
home.”
“God, we’re not staying for a week, are we?” Sherlock mock-complained, earning a grin from John.
"Christ, sorry." John replied, rubbing at his forehead. "I just...chemistry is
"You do not have to say anything," Lestrade said, echoing the police caution hollowly, "but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."
I am so desperately sorry for the painfully long wait. I hope shiny booty shorts help make up for it!
A mix of horror and grudging admiration dawned on Sherlock’s face. “You are surprisingly ruthless. I do think we could have gotten along had we met under different circumstances.”
“God, where could you possibly have gotten to?” Sherlock muttered, walking through Hyde Park quickly, feeling where John’s soul had travelled not too long ago.
"That's what I thought too," Tom replied. "But Molly thinks he's got self-esteem issues, too."
It seems to start off friendly, both Sherlock and Victor are relaxed as they chat, but all too soon Sherlock seems to get agitated. He glances over at me several times, and each time I look away, pretending to be interested in a painting or someone’s conversation. I don’t get why Greg and Mike seem to hate Victor. This may be terribly uncomfortable, but he’s only trying to be nice.
“I love you, John Watson.” Sherlock said hurriedly. “I want nothing more to spend the rest of my life with you, if you’ll have me.”
base that day, and he was already growing weary of reaping the souls. But worse fates awaited those who weren’t collected in a seemly manner. Sherlock shuddered, repressing the terrible memories that seemed to lap at his consciousness at an increasingly frequent manner.
“Why were you holding hands with that boy,
"Sherlock Holmes," He replied.
“Leave us.” Purple said, and the other ‘doctors’ raised their eyebrows. They did not question it, but merely bowed with a murmured reply that John could of sworn was “Yes, your majesty” before leaving the room. Purple turned back to him, eyeing him with obvious interest. “You didn’t take good care of yourself.”
“Yeah…how did you…?” The blond asked in surprise, but Sherlock paid him no mind as he answered the call from his mother, turning away from the blond and Molly.
"Well, I'd like to kiss you, if it's all the same," John said. "If you'll allow me, that is."
"He's annoyed by you. We are all, frankly," Greg answers for me.
"You do?" Molly asked, her eyes wide. "I wish I did."
"Cab," John explained, unwinding his arms from Jim's. "It was going to hit you."
“Victor didn’t seem that bad.” I reply softly. A little bossy, perhaps, but not mean. “He actually seems nice.”
"What do people normally say?" John asked in curiosity.
"Of course," Sherlock replied with a shrug. "My family has all gone to Hogwarts."
"Oh, don't be like that," Irene waved a hand at him. "I'm not just going to
"Because the evidence is adding up against you," Lestrade said, pulling out a familiar Sig Sauer P226R. John's breath caught in his throat as he looked down at the gun, trying not to remember the last time he had held it.
, yes.” John said, grabbing the front of Sherlock’s shirt and pulling him into another kiss. The kettle continued to whistle, only stopping when it ran out of water. Sherlock and John barely noticed, paying attention to nothing but the two of them as the kissed the night away.
“Even if I wanted to ‘go on’, I cannot.” Sherlock shrugged, whirling away from John and walking to the window. “Unfinished business and all that nonsense.”
“Hello Mummy.” Mycroft called out as soon as he entered the estate, a posh looking driver carrying his suitcase. “Father. Happy Christmas.”
"But it wasn't him," I repeat. I won't let Sherlock take the fall for something that was clearly my fault, which is why I did the only thing I could think of to save him. "It was me."
A glimpse of curls caught my attention, and Sherlock appeared at my side with Mike in tow. Any annoyance at Victor fades at the sight of him.
"So, where are you from?" John asked, ignoring the girl. "You look...well,
"Yes, you're you. You are brilliant and kind, and the best person I have ever have had the fortune to meet. So no, I don't want to never see you again, John. But the idea of you hurting yourself to see me is loathsome."
“But there must be a way.” Otto said. “Your angel-brother Mycroft, he must know some way.”
"Firs' years! Firs years, gather roun'!" A booming voice said, and Sherlock and Molly turned to see a man that had to be at
He was born in an earlier time. A time of talking snakes and cursed apples, a time when his name wasn't Sherlock, but Sheol...
"Nothing to be happy about, Molly," Sherlock reminded her. "John thinks he's on a date with Tom...not me."
“Hardly.” Mycroft snorted. “I very much doubt Gregory considers me a viable contender for dating. Why are you asking, anyway?”
"I have a present for Sherlock, too," John's soft voice says at last, and Sherlock turns to blink at him in confusion. He looks upset, but not for himself. Though why John would be upset for Sherlock, he would never know.
"But you'll drown!" John cried, jiggling the door handle.
“Handcuffs.” Sherlock pointed out, giving him his best ‘you’re an idiot’ look. “This operation just got a bit more professional.”
“So, are family get-togethers always this fun?” John asked as they passed the first tree.
“You are absolutely unbelievable, you know that?” John ran a hand across his face. “I’m going outside.”
"Yes," Sherlock replied. "One never knows when someone is listening."
"How did you know all that?" John asked, blinking up at Sherlock, who looked mortified.
"Can you imagine any human being able to sneak into Mycroft’s home and kill one of his slaves without alerting him?" Sherlock asked.
“Well, you were never dating Victor in the first place.” He retorted, and Sherlock choked on his cigarette smoke.
“He’s fabulous.” Mike agrees solemnly. “But he’s evil.”
“Where did Sherlock get all those feathers from?” John asked, wiping the tears of mirth from his eyes.
“What? No I don’t!” John cried. “He’s actually kidnapped me!”
“Welcome to Higbies.” A bored voice drawled from the counter. “Our special today is a Candy Cane Latte.”
"So, you've always been a demon?" John prompted.
“Mm, yes. One time, we paid a little boy down the street to be his friend.” Siger explained.
John grinned up at Sherlock, belatedly realising that they had come to a halt. “Yeah, I would.”
“Was your room.” John replied. “John Watson, and this room is mine now, and I don’t very much want to share with a ghost.”
Sherlock jumped as he heard a thud
“You do.” Sebastian joins in, all embarrassment apparently forgotten. “You’re blushing. You want to date her!”
The pair made their way through the crowds, fighting to get on a crowded carriage. John found himself wedged between four other humans, and though Sherlock still held his leash, he could barely see the top of his curly hair.
“B-but
“Does it matter?” John asked defiantly. “I called someone, and they’re going to come and rescue me.”
“Of course.” Sherlock replied, moving into John’s sight range. He could see several emotions playing over the dragon’s face. Amusement, surprise, and something similar to awe. “I wanted to see what you would do if given the ability to escape. If I had been a lesser dragon, you probably would have lost me.”
“I think you’ll be seeing me quicker than you think, Sherlock.” John hummed to himself, practically buzzing to see Sherlock again. “And I can’t wait.”
“Would you watch where you’re- Oh, hello.” A soft voice with an Irish accent said, angry tirade softening into a more polite tone. John looked up to see a boy with black hair and dark brown eyes surveying him with interest.
Sherlock smirked to himself, walking around the tank slowly as to get a better look. The tan flesh of the creature blended seamlessly into the green scales of his tale, which flashed brightly in the light. The creature's torso was corded with muscle, and Sherlock could see translucent webbing between his fingers. There was some old scarring on the right side of his caudal fin, and Sherlock frowned as he tried to place the scarring pattern.
He watched at Mycroft looked over at Greg in confusion. Sheol wondered if The Shining One, or God, as he was currently called, had mentioned to the angels that his soul-mate was ready. It would certainly explain why Greg and Mycroft had never told him that he should be looking.
"Nothing for me-oh!" Sherlock said, blinking at Victor, whose nose was currently buried in a book.
"My...name isn't Tom," Sherlock admitted. "My name is Sherlock Holmes."
Just as Death and Destruction are never satisfied, so human desire is never satisfied. Proverbs 27:20 NLT
“Soon, Sheol.” Greg says soothingly. Mycroft is less gentle.
“And remember!” Jim speaks, his Irish brogue softens his words. “On Tuesdays we wear green!”
“Sit down with us.” Victor says, and it’s fairly clear that I don’t have much of a choice. I nod, and Victor’s hand drops away from my shoulder as he moves back to his chair. I sit across from him, glancing briefly at Sebastian Moran and Jim Moriarty. The later wiggles his fingers in a bright hello, and I can’t help but reciprocate his smile. “What’s your name, anyway?”
"London," Sherlock said, listing the first city he could think of. "I'm pretty average looking...I have one of those faces."
"John, are you alright?" Tom asked, dragging him from his thoughts.
“He would be foolish not to like you back.” Mummy cut Mycroft off.
with me?” Sherlock looked down at him, clearly in shock now.
"What for?" John frowned.
, John," Sherlock replied.
I slide through the back door, the night air crisp and peaceful. I am wonderfully and horribly alone out here.
“So it is true.” Sherlock hummed. “I assumed it was just over dramatization.  You also saved dragons, did you not?”
"I wonder if we can make it disappear completely," Sherlock said, a mischievous glint in his eye.
“We thought he would grow out of it.” Siger said. “But I’m afraid he’s still the same old Sherlock.”
John entered the lab, pleased to see that Sherlock was already there. Unable to keep the grin off his face, he plopped down next to Sherlock, marvelling to himself once again how lucky he was.
“We’ll be careful.” He says, and I nod. We’ll have to be.
“Can I see him, then?” Sheol asked softly, watching as Otto’s glow passed from his body to Mycroft’s.
"What happened?" Madam Pince said. "He was such a sweetheart, always tucked in the corner armchair with a book."
John was washing his hands after using the toilet when he happened to catch sight of Sebastian in the mirror. He sighed lightly, checking quickly to make sure that the toilet was empty before rounding on Sebastian.
"Right, John Watson," Tom repeated. "If the date between John and I goes well, then you have to agree to a blind date set up by Molly."
“And deal with idiots?” Sherlock scoffed. “
I am so desperately sorry to keep you waiting, and I want to thank every commenter, kudoer, and whoever has read this story. You have no idea how absolutely wonderful you are. (Literally...I can't even spell I'm so thrilled. I just tried to spell absolutely "ablosultetly") I'm a lame-o that doesn't update a lot, apparently, so if you wanna complain at me, or you're just bored out of your mind and want to check out more blogs, you can find me on tumblr (same name, naturally.)
“That would be gross.” John giggled. “They won’t do that!”
The inside of the station was no better than the outside; items were piled pell-mell on the shelves, windows were slightly grime covered, and everything had a fine layer of dust.
The room was silent for a short moment as the man with the dark hair surveyed John, a confused expression clear on his face.
“Oh, I suppose that would be alright.” Molly said absently, and Sherlock darted out from behind the counter, steering the customer towards the back door.
"There would be a trail to follow. Susan Marlowe is only 13. Even the most talented wizards leave a trail behind, magical or what have you. But Marlowe..."
“Hello.” John replied, giving him an apologetic smile, which was promptly returned. “I am so sorry. I’m new here, and I wasn’t watching where I was going and-”
“Of course you didn’t do it, kid.” The officer sighs. “He drowned, nothing more.”
"Yes." Sherlock ducked his head.
“Something good?” Sherlock looked confused.
“Your age?” Sherlock could hear the frown in John’s voice. “Aren’t you nearing thirty?”
"Oh?" Watson raised an eyebrow, "And it involved you following me home?"
-Socrates
Naturally,
“It hasn’t been shaking this whole time.” John said in awe. “Not a single tremor.’
"Because they're idiots." Sherlock said.
"Oh, Sherlock," Mummy said, sounding disappointed. "Don't you think it's time to give up on that little flight of fancy? You've had your fun, but it's time to get a real job."
"No one is good enough for him?" John asked.
A woman stood there waiting for them, her expression severe. Sherlock had a feeling that that was her normal expression, and that this was a woman he should avoid crossing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tut tut, none of that.” The voice says again. “No one can see me, you know, it's rather pointless.”
He could see the surprise on Sherlock’s face at his words out of the corner of his eye. He had been silent ever since they had left the glorified prison where they had kept him, not speaking even when the sweet human, Molly, asked him his name.
"Tom?" John said for the third time.
"I can teach you," John said, looking much happier than he had a few minutes ago. "If you'd like."
“He’ll be back, you know,” The man named Mycroft says. “He’ll want revenge.”
“Later.” I manage to say without gritting my teeth, watching as Victor walks away with an extra spring in his step. I have no idea what he told Sherlock about me during that Halloween party, but ever since then, Sherlock had managed to blow me off at every opportunity.
“I didn’t enjoy it.” John had sputtered, his face flushing a magnificent red. “I just don’t appreciate being kissed out of nowhere, thank you very much.”
His mind, for the first time in recorded history, completely short circuited. Instead of deductions running through his mind, all he could focus on was the slight sheen of John's damp skin. A single drop of water hung from the end of John's hair, glistening in the light before dropping to his shoulder, making a quick trail over a starburst scar, down tight muscles, finally coming to a halt at the garish towel.
“I’ll go with him.” Siger’s voice piped up from the entrance of the kitchen. “A little father/son’s boyfriend bonding time.”
thinking about?" Sherlock asked, and John bit back a grin. He knew that it was impossible to keep secrets from Sherlock.
fine.
“I occupy a minor position in the British government.” He says. “I can talk to some people.”
"I had so much fun, Johnny," Jim practically gushes. "I had planned on bringing Sebby in for the next victim, but I wasn't given that chance."
." Sherlock said.
Sherlock watched John ponder the question, an unreadable expression on his face.
John had learned real quick not to judge based on first glance.
Shaking my head, I turn back to Sherlock, who is completely immersed in whatever research he was currently doing.
"Oh, I didn't mean it like that," Tom said cheerfully. "I just meant...well, it would be pretty rotten for your blind date to hate the idea of blind dates, wouldn't it?"
“Oh?” Mycroft matched his tone. “And what are you called now, may I ask?”
"Wait...really?" Molly said, surprise evident in her voice.
“I like your costume.” I say finally. “I was worried you were going to be a football star or something.”
"I can't." Sherlock sighed, taking a sip of his coffee. "Will you be at my honours ceremony tonight?"
“I need all night to prepare.” He said, breaking away from their small group and dashing towards his livestock. “I want my gift to be perfect!”
“I know, but why does it feel so wrong?” She whispered, burying her face in his chest.
“Drive carefully.” Sherlock told his father, handing over the keys to what John presumed was Siger’s car. “The ice is thick, and they hardly take proper care of roads out here.”
"Why did I target people who had flirted with you in particular?" Jim asks, a grin on his face. "Because it was fun, and it was proper motive. Anyone with eyes could see how Sherlock felt about you. It was the simplest way to frame him."
“Piss off.” Sherlock responds, a wry smile on his face. “So, was I correct about everything?”
"John here has a big fat crush on his lab partner," Irene said pleasantly.
"What are you talking about?" John demanded, his gaze darting between Irene and Sherlock.
At first he assumed he was in a hospital, but he realised that he was completely starkers, save for a small piece of linen covering his modesty.  He opened his eyes, lifting his head to glance down at his bare chest. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw raw, raised flesh, and he turned his head to look at it. The starburst pattern was a familiar enough one, but not one he was accustom to on his own shoulder. He had seen scars like this on other people before, the lasting reminder of a gunshot wound.
Sherlock glanced around the corridor before spotting the sharpie John had used to scrawl the message. He darted over, picking it up as though his time was limited. Quickly, he scrawled a response on the wall before practically throwing himself at John who was still kneeling beside The Wall.
Another shout startles Sheol, and he looks up to see Abel running towards them, a grin on his face.
But I suppose you can imagine the Christmas dinner.
It didn’t take me long to find my first class of the day: Advanced Biology with Dr. Hooper. The classroom was almost full, and I looked around quickly, trying to figure out which seat to take. My eyes landed on the closest seat, and I made a beeline towards it.
From that moment on, Sheol’s thoughts are consumed with his future soul mate. He wonders when he’ll meet this person, what their name will be, what they’ll be like. Will they be a soul collector like Sheol is? A harbinger of death? Or will they be the Greg to his Mycroft. Similar, but opposite? Every time Sheol see’s Mycroft or Greg after that, he asks about his soul mate, but his soul mate is never ready.
He walked up to the dying man, ignoring the doctors that are frantically milling around him. They are unimportant. Why bother memorising their faces when he would just have to watch them die later? His eyes focused on the one who is dying, and he removed his leather glove, reaching a hand out to take the man’s soul.
"That's my gun," John said softly, "I haven't seen it in nearly a year. Where did you get it?"
me?!”
Sherlock watched him go, plotting ways to convince the man to become his blood donor. So lost in thought was he, that he didn’t notice his servant watching him.
"Something about not appreciating him enough, or something." Victor rolls his eyes. "I don't know, I wasn't really paying attention."
“Well…” I say, my cheeks reddening. How do I tell them that not only has someone ‘caught’ my eye, but that person is, most decidedly, a boy? I roll my eyes internally, realising that all three of them are gay, so it wouldn’t really matter, would it? “There is this guy in my biology class…”
“A good a time as any.” John smiled at Violet, and she grinned before joining her husband in the kitchen. Sherlock stood, walking over to John rather quickly.
Mary squealed. “Yes! Oh, yes, I will marry you!”
John spent the next few hours cleaning. The amount of junk that Sherlock had built up over the years was completely ridiculous. John swept, scrubbed, and dusted until his fingers were numb, and the job wasn't even close to being done.
"I...what?" He can't possibly know about Sherlock and I, can he?
Sheol follows Abraham and Isaac up the mountain, enjoying the way the boy skips along. The Shining One has ordered Abraham to sacrifice his son, though both Abraham and Sheol know that it’s merely a test of loyalty. The trek is long, and the boy and his father soon grow weary, though Sheol remains unaffected. They soon reach the mountain top, and Abraham begins to make preparations for the sacrifice. Sheol starts to worry when a sacrifice doesn’t come, and his worry becomes panic when Abraham ties Isaac down and lifts the knife to finish the sacrifice.
Ghosts: Can’t live with them, can’t get them to leave. Unfortunately, John couldn’t even get himself to
"Crime?" John frowned as they stopped in front of the shed that held the school brooms. Sherlock grabbed the best broom he could find, which happened to be a Shooting Star that looked like a large animal had chewed on it a bit. "Who said anything about a crime? I thought she just ran away."
,” Sherlock said accusingly.
“We always vote before we ask someone to eat lunch with us.” Sebastian continues as if he never stopped speaking. “Because you have to be considerate of the rest of the group. Same goes with potential boyfriends or girlfriends. You might think you like someone, but you could be wrong.” I’m not sure if I imagine it, but I think I see Sebastian glance over at Jim before turning back to me.
“You’re a terrible liar.” Mike says, taking his turn to chuck a roll at me. “And the rules at this table state that if you’re a terrible liar, you have to go get me milk.”
“Moran, Moriarty.” Sherlock says coolly, setting his lunch tray on the table, plopping into the seat next to me. “John. I didn’t realise you sat here.”
"No. My classmates think it's hilarious." Sherlock said.
I grin, opening my mouth to respond when a voice behind me makes me jump.
“Yes, I accept.” John replied, striving for a calm, collected tone. He was failing miserably. “I will give you my soul in exchange for my sister’s.”
“Sherlock…” John’s voice was so soft, so tender, that for a moment, Sherlock could imagine, could believe…
“Come along, John.” The curly-haired dragon said smugly, his eyes glittering as the chains that bound John’s wrists were unlocked from the shackles. John looked around, trying to figure out the best escape out of the prison when he caught sight of the brother of his new master. A hard look from the elder dragon stopped him in his track, and John knew that any resistance on his part would end horribly.
This time, the reply was almost instant.
Sherlock scanned the write-up, his annoyance quickly falling away as his intrigue grew. As always, the promise of casework inspired a sweet sense of anticipation, and Sherlock devoured the facts as theories slotted into place within his racing mind. Lost to that thrill, he almost didn’t recognize the name of the nightclub.
Finally, John cleared his throat and looked at Sherlock with raised eyebrows. “That’s your brother, huh?”
Sherlock eyed him angrily. “As if you couldn’t afford to swallow the loss,” he snapped, piqued.
Sherlock cried out, hips bucking forward only for John to grip his thighs and tug him back, his long tongue never losing contact with Sherlock’s rim. Sherlock sucked ineffectually at John’s cock, reduced to clumsy, sloppy licks and kisses to the head and base as he moaned his gratitude.
John gripped Sherlock’s shoulder and pressed him more firmly into the kitchen chair. “Lord above, are there snakes in your pants?”
“Yeah,” John replied, following as Sherlock turned toward the stairs. “I’m going to be a doctor.” He pulled a face. “I mean, if my mush brain can still retain information after three days with next to no sleep.” Trying to stifle another yawn, John wondered aloud, “I don’t know how I’m even still awake.”
Rinsing the suds from his body, Sherlock shut off the water. He stuck out an arm, groped for his towel, and clenched his teeth when Mycroft handed him one with a perfectly blank expression. Ignoring the provocation, Sherlock towelled dry behind the curtain and wrapped the offering around his waist before emerging. The bathroom air was thick with steam, and Sherlock smirked when he saw how the humidity had curled the ends of Mycroft’s hair. Sherlock did not doubt that those little imperfections would ruffle his brother’s feathers for a few hours until the curls fell flat.
John was still standing by the door, but his shoes were off to one side, and he had his coat in his hand. He looked a little lost, looking around the flat as if uncertain where his eyes should land. When they finally alighted upon Sherlock’s bare torso, they lingered, obvious as a physical brand on Sherlock’s skin. A confused expression of something that could have been yearning flitted over John’s face, the emotion tempered by his evident exhaustion. Still, he remained standing by the door, his wet jacket leaving intermittent drips on the floorboards.
When Sherlock was finally full and John had slowed in his devouring, the food was only half gone.
“Look — I know you might be making the offer just to be polite, but if you’re serious, could I come by tomorrow night?” John grimaced and offered Sherlock a chagrined smile. “Gavin — that’s my flatmate — is planning another party, and I really do need to study.” Instead of waiting for Sherlock to reply, John rushed to add, “Don’t feel like you have to say yes! I can always go to the library.” He laughed nervously. “I’m not nearly as dead on my feet this time, so I’m sure there’s no danger of getting lost in the Underground.”
Next time?
Trying to escape himself.
When it finally ended, Sherlock fell rag-doll limp and collapsed in a shuddering heap on John’s body. He clung to John’s thighs, eyes unfocused and half-closed, mouth dropping open around the force of his desperate gasping for the air that had vacated his lungs in a wild rush. Even as he came down from the surge of hormones, Sherlock was distantly aware that John had worked a fourth finger into him. The powerful stretch made him groan and ride out waves of overstimulation.
John’s shoulders tensed, his back straightening as he met Mycroft’s cold stare. “Excuse me?”
Sherlock snorted, amused but too tired to translate the emotion into words. He felt John’s body heat seeping toward him as John inched closer, searching for a comfortable place on the old futon.
Mycroft looked down his nose at his younger sibling and quirked an eyebrow. “You look… lively,” he commented in his usual slick tone, brushing him aside without waiting for Sherlock to invite him into the flat.
“I’m sure things haven’t changed that drastically,” Mycroft said, dismissive.
, Sherlock thought, glaring at his shampoo bottle. Mycroft had him now — and, worse, he undoubtedly knew that. He’d always known just what to say to make Sherlock march to his beat. It was what made him so insufferable — that and his general smugness.
“Seeing as I gave you the case, I beg to differ,” Mycroft said with a sigh. He cast another disparaging glance around the room. “Perhaps you are too distracted to see it through to its end. Maybe I should reassign the case to someone with more experience.”
Breathing through his mouth, Sherlock closed his eyes and moved on, guided by the patterns of those around him. When he found himself a small, open space, he slipped into it without giving in to the urge to flee. Here, the crush made room for Sherlock, made him part of its swirling chaos. The music was something wild, snarling beats thumping beneath pulse-quick electronic sequences. And, for the first time in years, without the fire song of drugs in his system, Sherlock let go. He tipped his head back and opened his eyes, felt his arms lift, his hips move, his body following the music and the sway of the crowd. For the first time in a long spell of lonely self-denial, Sherlock lost himself to something other than the fierce, strict rationality of his sharp mind. He let go, released the tight hold he kept on himself. He gave himself over to the beat and the bodies brushing against his.
John pinched the bridge of his nose between thumb and index finger, struggling not to lose the tenuous hold he still retained on his temper. “Who says it wouldn’t be premeditated?” John prayed for patience and opened his eyes again. “Stop clenching your teeth,” he ordered, smoothing his fingertips over Sherlock’s tense jaw. Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath and tensed more, making John sigh. “You’re impossible.”
They broke apart at once, Sherlock jerking his head back. His eyes were wide, pupils huge, his face twisting into an expression of watchful uncertainty. John — who realized he had, at some point, settled onto Sherlock’s spread thighs — blinked at that expression. Something very close to fear flickered in Sherlock’s blackened gaze, prompting a soft tsk from John.
“Thought you’d like it,” the bartender said. He opened his mouth to say more, but one of the other men behind the bar appeared at his shoulder, interrupting them.
His bare thigh brushed Sherlock’s hip, and John stilled. His breathing was loud, then suddenly silent, as if held. John seemed to be waiting for Sherlock’s response to the unexpected contact. Sherlock just grunted and burrowed deeper into the blanket. Seconds ticked by before the tell-tale
“I… did,” Sherlock said slowly, his eyes sliding off toward the tiny kitchenette. “I no longer do.”
He could do this.
“I only need a moment of your time, dear brother,” he said, that same smug tone leaching into his voice.
Body tense, mind steeled to bear witness to John’s probable confusion, Sherlock was startled by the sight of an empty futon. Dazed, caught off guard by the unexpected vacancy, he realized belatedly that John was just slipping out the door.
“You’re not healing fast enough,” Sherlock murmured, not sure John even heard him as he continued to pound into Sherlock. Despite Sherlock’s orgasms, John seemed nowhere near his own climax, rumbling out a rippling growl in his chest where Sherlock lay. Not that Sherlock was complaining. Again, there was that utter lack of oversensitivity, as if his body rode an insane wave of arousal, refusing to be sated. No doubt that was due to John, the power of his incubus half imbuing Sherlock with sexual energy he’d never imagined.
Once he’d answered the call of nature, Sherlock washed his hands and face and padded back out of the washroom. He stood in the middle of his tiny flat, squinting against the sunlight. His eyelids were heavy, his gaze unfocused despite the bright light. Clearly, he needed far more sleep than the uncertain hours he’d managed bent over the desk.
Lost for words, Sherlock grabbed for his laptop and hunched over it as he grappled with this new realization. He’d never had a real friend before and had no idea how to handle the situation.
He and John had slept together. And though it had been in the literal sense, not in the carnal euphemism, Sherlock felt just as rattled by the fact than if it had been more than pure sleep. Sherlock didn’t do these things — he didn’t have friends. He never had handsome men hang out at his apartment, and he didn’t fall asleep with said handsome men as if it were a perfectly normal thing to do. It was quite the opposite. Sherlock wondered what John would think. Would he be angry? Would he think that Sherlock arranged for this to happen?
Sherlock makes an unanticipated connection at
outside.”
“Could be an emergency,” John said, eyeing the phone on the desk.
“Absolutely,” John murmured, offering a crooked smile. “Absolutely fine. But maybe we should, ah, slow down?”
“Don’t look at me like that,” he said, reaching out to smooth a tangled curl back from Sherlock’s forehead. “Everything is fine.”
“One surely beyond your simple mind,” Sherlock replied peevishly, making John roll his eyes.
The feeling lasted for all of an hour, dashed to bits the second Sherlock walked into his flat and encountered the futon. The unassuming piece of furniture had become a constant reminder of the source for his nerves — John Watson himself. He stared at it, alarmed to find the anxiety returning.
This time, when he pulled it open, it wasn’t John. It was, as Sherlock always dreaded, his older brother.
“Yep,” John replied as he bent to set his books on the futon. “Much to my daily chagrin.” But he flashed a warm smile when he straightened and turned to Sherlock. “I’m sure some people must get along with their siblings.”
“You should leave,” Mycroft said, ignoring John’s apparent anger.
Mycroft eyed those as well before shifting his gaze back to Sherlock’s face. He took in Sherlock’s finger-tangled hair and kiss-swollen lips. “I see you can move quite quickly when you are well motivated,” he said in an oily voice, smirking as colour bloomed in Sherlock’s pale cheeks. “If only you would apply such focus to the tasks I set you — I might start to think you possess an actual work ethic.”
Still half-draped over the edge of the counter, Sherlock scanned the club with a carefully idle eye. More people had arrived during their brief conversation, and the dance floor was no longer so sparse. Sherlock watched two young men twist together to the music, one dark-haired and tall, the other shorter and blonde. Something about them made his mouth feel dry, and his heart leapt, thudding heavily in his chest as Sherlock cleared his throat and turned to the bartender.
