Castiel resists the urge to glance at the one-way mirror. He knows this is a strange conversation to overhear just in general; he doesn't want to get Charlie dragged into it. "No, she wasn't."
Dean kisses the ring, then drops his hand. "I'll see you again; I can promise you that much. If you decide you want to come back then, just say the word." Dean gives him a smile before he leaves, closing the bedroom door behind him.
"You wanted to broker a deal; let's do it," he says. "For the small price of 'absolving me from any crimes I may or may not have committed in the past,' I can get you the Vamps — the leader at the
“Do you not want them to go down?” Charlie asks. “I mean, it’s a gang. They’re criminals. They ruined your childhood. Shouldn’t you be rooting for this?”
so excited about it. He just can't help himself. A chance to play poker with his brothers again? How could he
tired. Jack seems to be doing fine on his own. Maybe he should go make another cup of coffee. Should he offer Jack some coffee? He's not sure how to feel about giving a kid coffee, but 16 years old sounds old enough to drink coffee. Right? Maybe? God, this is why he could never be a parent.
a hostage situation," the man declares. "With that said, you're all gonna stay right here until we get what we want and get out of here, and I will not hesitate to shoot anyone who doesn't listen. Capiche?"
Other than a few brief texts to Charlie, he basically spends the weekend in solitary confinement. He has absolutely no desire to talk to
Castiel rests a hand on the grip of his gun. He manages to keep any sense of fear he’s feeling from showing, and hopefully the reach for his gun makes him look more threatening and not more threatened. “Gordon Walker.” He clicks his tongue disapprovingly. “You always were a bit of a dumbass, but joining the Vamps? That’s embarrassing, even for you.” Admittedly, it is
wants to sit with his brothers, but it's Dean who invited him — and, in all honesty, Dean is the only one that he can be confident he still knows.
“Why not?” he asks. “You let your redheaded friend do it.” He walks over and takes a seat on Castiel’s bed, his back resting against the wall. “How’ve you been?”
CastieI takes that moment to walk back into the room. He's heard just about all he needed to, and he's pretty content with it. Was that Jack's plan all along? Just a chance to talk to her alone? If it was, it seems to have gone well.
"I dunno," Charlie says. "I mean, especially the hair…" They let out a low whistle. "Maybe Dean was onto something with that, because the sex hair look really works on you."
"Yeah, sorry." Dean throws his jacket back on, then grabs Castiel's for him. "You'll thank me later, though."
"I know you're probably busy, what with apparently reshaping the afterlife as we know it or whatever, but
"76," Claire says with a proud smirk. "Don't let anybody tell you that you gotta eat salad for a long life. They are
CastieI tries to find the most vague way to put it. "I found out that someone else wanted to leave. I figured if someone found out that I'd let him slip away, I wouldn't live to see another day, so we planned a way out together."
wanted by the police?" Castiel shakes his head. "I'm sorry, Dean. I wish I could, but honestly, I think it's best for all of us if we go our separate ways, stay out of trouble."
"Oh." He hadn't thought about that. Maybe he should have offered to call for an ambulance himself and had Charlie stay here. Patience probably would have been more comfortable with everybody's favorite enby than two guys.
Dean waves that off, turning his face away just in case the emotion starts to pile up on him. He's done a damn good job at hiding it for the last few weeks, but now that he's in Heaven — now that he knows there's a chance Cas could come back — it's really starting to hit hard. He doesn't want anyone to see that he's starting to fall apart at the seams, especially now that he finally has the chance to be
Jack nods solemnly. “I figured. But, you know, if you ever change your mind…” He gives a small shrug “I’d
“Um…” Dean pauses, and Castiel wishes he could see the look on his face just for some vague idea of how he feels about that. “Where’d you hear that?”
keep up the small talk if they have to, but he’s starting to run out of things to say about his alibi for the last 14 years, and he’d rather not have to stand around and pretend he has any idea what the Hunters have been up to.
Well, if Dean doesn’t have a better idea, there’s always the stupid one. Castiel forces a smile, and he’s sure every single person in the room can tell it’s fake. “This was far more diplomatic than I’d expected, I’ll give you that. I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t hoping for a little violence today, but I’m willing to leave it at this if you can promise no more harm will come to our people --
Castiel steps inside the apartment and looks around. The first thing he notices is that for its messy outward appearance, it’s surprisingly well-kept inside. They must be making a hell of a lot of money from their drug sales if they were able to make this place look so nice. There’s even a little vase of fresh flowers on the table next to the very-comfortable-looking couch. Does it recline? It looks like a goddamn reclining couch. This place might actually be nicer than his apartment.
Dean snorts. "No, Cas, I didn't kill them. They fucked up, but it's not like they committed treason. It's not like they
Dean groans dramatically but ultimately, he does what he's told. As he's closing the closet door, Castiel rifles through his dresser drawer. He doesn't want jeans; he doesn't want dress pants; these ones are too small; ah, sweatpants. Perfect.
any, the cops don't know it so there's nothing stopping me from just putting a bullet in their heads if they start causing problems."
Jack washes his forearms in the sink. He sucks in a deep breath through his teeth as the water hits his cuts but he doesn't pull away. The water becomes progressively less red as time passes, and once it drains clear, Jack turns the faucet off and gently dries his arms.
It’s a good thing he said that, because Castiel had no idea if they were still faking a relationship now that he’s made this more hostile than it seemed at first glimpse. It seems the facade is still on, at least until the rest of the cops show up. They better hurry the hell up, though, because he’s not sure how long he can hold the guy.
"Oh, god, you shouldn't," Castiel mutters. They're fucking stupid. "I could definitely get you his number if you don't mind the hit your ego's gonna take."
"That someone was Sam," Castiel says. "He got a full ride to Stanford, I found the letter, and we made it work. I think he's a lawyer now or something." Of all the possible reactions he’d thought Dean would have to that, he didn’t think an out-of-the-blue law-related email would be one of them, but here they are.
Jody just shakes her head. "Alright, whatever." She turns her attention to Castiel. "First of all, how are you doing? You said you got hit twice? Are you okay?”
"Hey, Dean?" Castiel asks a minute or two after they start walking, when the silence becomes too much to ignore. "If I were to try to make small talk, is there even a chance you would go along with it?"
think this was what he wanted? How could he think the best ending to a night as quiet and meaningful as that was sudden radio silence?
By the time he finishes reading, there’s a tear in his eye. He puts the note down and wipes it away. He’s so glad he decided not to read it until Dean was out of the picture, because he’s not sure he would have had the strength to stay away if he hadn’t. He’s almost tempted to write a letter back and leave it in the abandoned office building anyway. He wants to tell them that he loves them and that he misses them and that he’s so sorry he never told them he was going to leave.
“I really have no idea what his name is,” Castiel lies. “I told you; it’s been a really long time since I’ve seen most of these people. I’m impressed with myself for even recognizing him.”
CastieI scoffs. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize I owed you a list of my sins. You got a pen and some paper? This might take a while."
But now that it’s over, now that Castiel has shut that door, he supposes there’s no reason he can’t read the note from his brothers. He knows it’s going to hurt, but he wants to know what they had to say to him after all these years. He grabs the letter and unfolds it -- and holy
Sam groans, exasperated, and Dean just laughs. Charlie plops down next to him, remote in hand, and Dorothy sits on her other side. Sam sighs and takes a seat on the floor in front of them, and it’s
say he and the other officers have locked some of the Hunters up before; he’d be surprised if it doesn’t happen again.
CastieI gives him a small smile. "So if you want to talk, I've got nowhere to be. If you just want me to leave, that's fine, too."
don’t want to see what he would do if he knew.” There would be a lot of new bodies to look at, that’s for sure. He’d like to think none of those bodies would belong to his brothers or Dean, but honestly, he’s not sure. They have a habit of jumping into things head-first without thinking them through. It's doubtlessly going to get them killed one day.
One would think that after 36 years of spending just about every waking moment with his brother, Dean would see Heaven as a chance to have some time to himself.
say something that will get CastieI in trouble. At the very least, he's sure anyone watching would think differently of him afterwards. But with Jody asking, he doesn't really feel like he can say no. She
“And then your boy murdered them,” the old man says, and Castiel grits his teeth. He was really hoping that wouldn’t come up with the cops listening in, but he supposes it was bound to happen eventually. It really
"No!" CastieI says quickly, and he's surprised to hear Jack do the same. He may be in immense pain, but he has his priorities straight.
Castiel checks his bedroom closet for the third time this morning. It’s just not there. It’s not in his bureau, either. What the fuck? Where could it be? He’s really running out of places to look.
And the beauty of Heaven, he realizes, is that he has all of eternity to explore it. He's not limited by the fear of death anymore. He's not limited by human capability. He can do whatever he wants, whenever he wants, and he can do it with whomever he wants to do it with. There's so much to do, so many people to see, and all the time in the world to do it.
Jack perks up at that. “Oh, yay!” He pauses. “Have you checked the bathroom? I think it’s hanging above the washer.”
He doesn't place where he recognizes her until he sees the man she's walking with. He'd recognize that face anywhere — and in a forest, no less. It would almost feel like fate, had he believed in such a thing. Who better to run into while alone in the woods than his Purgatory buddy Benny Laffite? And that, of course, makes the girl with him Andrea, his ex flame (though the fact that they're taking a stroll through the Heavenly woods together makes Dean think they might be ex-exes).
lies which might raise some questions, but they really were just lies. "It was more embarrassing than anything."
Castiel hasn't played poker in a long time, so he's surprised when they finally reach the last round and he ends up with more chips than he started with. Huh. Maybe he should have cashed in. He could've made some good money tonight.
As they're heading in, it occurs to Castiel that he completely neglected to introduce his two friends, so he does that briefly. He can feel their mutual unease immediately. A cop and a lawyer who happens to be the brother of the most infamous gangster in the state? They never had a chance of getting along.
bad at getting these subtle hints to shut the fuck up. Anyone with half a brain cell could piece together by now that Castiel was in contact with the Hunters, and Jody has more brain cells than just about anyone he knows.
. It's not just his arm, either; his back and his chest hurt like a bitch, too. Bulletproof vests are really not all that they're cracked up to be, that's for sure.
Dean rolls his wrists out in front of him. "Much." He looks up at the other man. "So, whatcha doing here?"
CastieI folds the note up, slips it in the same envelope he used last time — say what you want about Dean, but at least he's not wasteful — and heads for the door. Time to take another trip to Main Street.
Ultimately, Jack does concede and asks Castiel to order him a pair of crutches so he can at least have
Castiel almost finds himself wanting to meet these newcomers. He’s especially curious about this Meg person. He’s rather fond of most people who drive Dean “up the fucking wall,” as Gabriel so elegantly phrased it, as long as no one (except Dean’s mental state) gets hurt in the process. He’d like to think he and Meg would get along well.
"Not a clue," Dean replies. "Do you think you could get me Sam's number? It might be nice to have a lawyer."
part of that plan. Unfortunately, it’s part of Jody’s plan, so they don’t have much of a choice. It’s going to be hard to have one last destresser of a conversation with Dean in the back seat, but it just means Castiel has to come out alive so he and Charlie can say stupid shit together later.
Most of the house is empty -- or, at least, the parts that Castiel can see as they’re walking by. In the hallway, Dean elbows Castiel in the ribs, and when Castiel shoots him an annoyed look, Dean nods at a door that’s slightly ajar. Castiel takes a few subtle steps back and looks inside, where a young girl is tied to a chair, her hair soaked in sweat and her face covered in blood. She makes eye contact with him, and though the gag over her mouth prevents her from trying to say something, the look in her eyes is enough to convey her thoughts: she’s fucking scared.
Jack immediately perks up, proving that his annoyed speech was nothing more than an act. Castiel has to give him credit; he played that very well.
Jody just looks at him for a minute, too, her face unreadable until she cracks a smile. "You know, Winchester, I think I judged you too harshly."
"You know," Charlie remarks, "He's a pain in the ass, but I'm glad he's here for Patience. I don't know why they're getting along so well, but…"
He opens the door just a crack to see who it is, and to his surprise, he's greeted by another cop — one who looks just as surprised to see him.
Dean runs a hand through his hair. "Look, I'm happy where I am. Now, you mean a lot to me — more than I care to admit — but not enough to convince me to leave my people. There are only three ways this could go from here: we keep meeting like this, hiding out when no one else is around; we call it off and pretend this never happened; or you can join me." He takes Castiel's hands in his. "You can come back to the fold with me. You can keep your apartment, you can keep your friends, you can keep that heap of metal you call a car, I don't care. I just want you back."
kind of fun, wasn't it?" He wasn’t expecting a trip down memory lane, but this really does leave him feeling nostalgic.
"If I don't have a wire, they're gonna assume it's an off-the-radar visit," CastieI says. "They'd never suspect Dean is working with us; he can wear a wire."
“Gee, thanks,” Castiel deadpans. He has all the information he needs, though. The Vamps -- or Vampires to those who like extra syllables -- are one of the biggest gangs in the state, second only to the Hunters. Benny was in that gang for a while before he ditched, which serves as both a reason Castiel doesn’t trust Benny and a reason he doesn’t trust the Vamps.
, and the only way I could get you to talk to me was sneaking up when you weren’t paying attention?”
“Ah, well, unfortunately, I had leveled up in the world,” Benny says. “Apparently when you die in Purgatory, you just wake up in a whole new one. Only nice thing about it is that you know everyone there’s died before and they can die again.”
"He got his soul back," Dean tells her, which he's sure comes as a bigger relief to her than she lets on. "He's playing God over Heaven and Earth now — and, from what I've heard, he's doing it pretty well." He made
was fucked up. I'm really glad that I got out and I appreciate that you're so supportive of that, but I don't really want to talk about it. There was a lot more going on than you realize, and I really feel like I'm making things worse by only painting half-pictures like this."
Castiel looks at Charlie for an answer, but they’re just looking at him. It looks like this is entirely up to him now. He’s not decisive enough for this.
Dean shrugs. "You've been gone a long time, Cas. I had to find someone new — someone I could trust."
“I’m holding you to that,” Charlie says with a small smile. “Good luck, Cas. Break a leg -- preferably someone else’s.”
“I do,” Cheryl says. “The guy shot the self-checkout machine he’d been using before he left so I can’t pull anything from that, but the one next to it shows the whole thing. Just give me a minute…”
fine, but Castiel has a lot of experience pretending to be, too, and he doesn't want to push. He doesn't want to do nothing, though, either. After a brief moment of deliberation, he decides the best response is probably just, "Well, if you decide you're
"I didn't steal anything, though," Dean says. "I just took back what's mine. I didn't have the lockbox key, but it was still my box. That’s all I took, I swear."
When Dean makes it up there, he steps to the side, letting Castiel up as well. He gestures in front of him, and Castiel looks ahead, confused.
CastieI is in the middle of cleaning the blood off Jack's arm when the doorbell rings. He groans and puts the towel down. Doesn't he have enough on his plate
"Um… I guess?" Lucifer says uncertainly. "Is this something I can tell Dean about? He should be back any minute."
“Well, you never were the most forward-thinking person in the world,” Castiel says. “I’m not surprised you don’t get it.”
"It doesn't matter," Jack says, and Castiel is relieved (though not surprised in the slightest) that Jack knows not to answer.
Castiel grimaces. He'd like to think there's nothing they could do with that information, but there's always a chance that things could go wrong today. If any of the Vamps get out of here with both their freedom and their lives, this could end very poorly for Claire. He just has to hope they don't find out that it was her.
“Surprise me,” Castiel says finally. As an afterthought, he adds, “But no pie.” He always associates pie with Dean, and that’s the last thing he’s trying to do right now.
“Nope,” Castiel says quickly, before Charlie can try to buy them more food. “This is great, thank you.”
“There has to be,” Jack says, puzzled. “Everyone else is happy. Every other person in every other Heaven --”
Dean doesn’t acknowledge that; instead, he just asks a judgemental, “Damn, you really live like this?”
Charlie snorts. "Busy? Doing what? Shouldn't he either be dead from old age or what or have magical powers that can get him here at the drop of a hat? There's no way he's too busy to meet his future best friend."
"Just when I thought he couldn't get any cooler!" Charlie squeals. "Being God is no excuse, though. He can take a break from his Godliness for a few minutes to talk about
CastieI grabs another piece of printer paper and sits back down to write back to him. He should probably be a little more obvious about his intentions this time.
They lapse into silence, which is probably for the best. Dean puts an arm around Castiel's shoulders, and Castiel leans into his embrace. It's just like old times — except he's not sure how sincere this is and there's a much higher chance of getting shot at any moment than there was in old times. (Once he sees their leader and remains bullet-free, he'll allow himself to believe he's making it out of here without a scratch.)
. Part of him thinks it's because it's familiar; part of him thinks it's in spite of that. Either way, he finds himself enjoying it a little more than he cares to admit.
"Ah, come on, Cas," Dean says with a playful smirk. "If you wanted to see me all tied up, you could've just asked."
Castiel follows him up the stairs. Before he can even see the room, he sees the light from the doorway. Why Dean decided to sit in the dark when the floor above him was all lit up, Castiel does not understand, but he doesn't understand a lot of what goes through Dean's mind.
But then Jody starts talking to Dean and Patience, and he decides he should probably step in before she tells Dean off in front of her. As far as he knows, Patience has no idea who she's talking to. He'd like to keep it that way. The Hunters don't exactly have the best reputation.
Lucifer shakes his head. "You're crazy for this. You know that, right? The fact that you're fully aware that you might die and you're still gonna do this anyway? It's stupid.
also included in the "people he's no longer in contact with" group, he can't say he doesn't want to know what they're up to. "They each wrote me a letter. I wrote them a letter back. Haven't heard from them since and I don't expect to hear from them again." It's the gloomy truth (excluding poker, of course), and it's almost painful to admit.
Castiel chuckles. "Alright, here." He answers the call and puts it on speaker, holding the phone out between them. "Detective Novak speaking." He figures it's probably worth starting with that in case it really
Dean wishes more than anything that he had as much faith as his brother. A month ago, Dean is sure he would have said the same. For the longest time, Cas was like a boomerang. No matter how hard Dean threw him away, he would always come back. Dean had always assumed that was because he knew they loved him. It's only now starting to sink in that the reality is that Cas came back because he loved them
you," they interrupt. "Hell, if there's something I can do to help, I will. I just won't be happy about it."
In a more playful tone, he adds, "So you better not fucking die, okay? 'Cause if you die, I'll have to kill you."
Jack shifts his body and rests his head on his uncle's shoulder. Castiel can't help but smile. Jack might be the best thing that's happened to him in years — and the only thing capable of
"Ooh, I might be able to help the prodigal son with that one." Charlie digs through the top drawers of her desk for a minute. "I gotta have Advil somewhere."
Admittedly, this is a poor summary of how Dean responded, but in the technical sense, it's not untrue. His bluntness earns a small smile from Jack, and that alone is enough to assure Castiel that he's done a good job with this story. Now he just has to make his point.
"I'm on it," Charlie says, and by the time CastieI looks behind himself, they're already running to the kitchen.
"I absolutely was," Dean says, then he pauses. "Are the cops still listening? 'Cause if they are, for legal reasons, that was a joke."
CastieI chuckles. "Well, I appreciate the cupcakes, but you really didn't have to apologize. You were right; I should've told her myself, and I
“I know,” Sam says sympathetically. “But there’s no point in sitting around waiting for him when there are so many other people around.”
As Dean is shuffling the cards for another round, another conversation starts, this time thanks to Gabriel.
"Ah, in that case, I'm glad I didn't have to listen," Charlie says. "You two went from fighting to googly eyes real quick, though. I'm kinda impressed."
That plan is interrupted when they're immediately greeted with a surprised and almost excited "Cas?"
"Cool," she says. "Why did you — I mean, how did Dean Winchester make you — err, why…" she groans. "Words."
"Yeah, probably," Sam says. "I mean, we've known him for 12 years. I'm sure one of us has said it before."
by the end of the day. At that point, he might have to suck it up and go to the hospital, if only because they have really good painkillers there.
CastieI runs a hand down his face. This just keeps getting worse and worse. "Is there any way that gun could be traced back to you? Did you get it legally?  Is it registered to you or any of the Hunters?"
"How do you know him?" they ask. "You said he's, what, 16? Wouldn't he have been a baby when you left?"
A hand against his back makes him jump, and he whips around to see Sam standing behind him. Dean fights back a sigh. For a second he'd almost thought it was… but it wasn't. Of course it wasn’t him. It's like Sam said: Cas is probably busy, and he'll swing by when he gets the chance. Until then, Dean just has to wait.
Before Castiel gets roped into a conversation about his sex hair (whatever the fuck that means), Jody pulls him aside for a private conversation. He's not sure this is any better than talking about his so-called sex hair, but at least he gets a wide variety of uncomfortable experiences.
"You too, Sam," Castiel says. "I'd give you a hug, but…" He gestures vaguely to his arm, though really, he's sure it would hurt his back and his chest more than it would his arm.
hear what they're saying. Fortunately, the look on their face says more than enough: they have absolutely no idea.
The old man doesn’t seem to care about that thinly-veiled threat. He directs his attention to the other Hunter. “You know, Castiel, for an officer of the law, you seem surprisingly okay with these threats on our lives.”
Dean had prayed to Cas in hopes that he'd get to see the angel; he hadn't anticipated it would have the exact opposite effect. Dean doesn't catch sight of him at all over the next week, even from a distance. He's just
“I’ve been waiting for this day for such a long time.” Mary pulls away, her smile just as big and bright. “I still can’t believe it’s finally here.”
Charlie puts a finger to his lips. “I am buying you sugar and you cannot stop me.” She puts her hand back down by her side. “Ooh, can we get two of your mint cupcakes? I
sun coming in through the windows. It doesn’t do a damn thing to illuminate the staircase, but at least the rooms themselves have some light.
"Consider yourself lucky you're not here," Castiel says. "They've been having a hell of a time these last few months." Between the mall shootout where they lost Alex, the bank robbery, and now this, the Hunters have had it pretty rough. "That everything? 'Cause my partner is very impatiently waiting for a ride home."
“Welcome back, brother,” Benny adds, not an ounce of sincerity in his voice. “You always know how to brighten up a room.”
have been dating anymore," Castiel says. "Loyalty is a big thing with the Hunters. I don't know that it would have been a death sentence, but I really cannot overstate how much of a betrayal that would have been to him. I definitely wouldn’t have been welcome anywhere near him, at least."
"You're really just taking his word for it?" Claire says skeptically though she adds another chip nonetheless.
step in. I mean, I won't tell you not to, but I don't agree." Dean has the right to an attorney, and Sam has the right to take that job. To a certain point, he'd kind of like the excuse to
“Alright, I’m off to work,” Castiel tells him. Usually he would just head out the door; today, he takes an extra minute to say a real goodbye to the kid. He presses a kiss to the top of Jack’s head. “Love you, buddy."
Cas, a reassurance that he didn’t have the two times prior. He can make out Cas’s face now, a blank expression but eyes that follow Dean’s every step.
Jack's response to that is just a very amused laugh. Castiel chuckles, too, not at Charlie's guess but at how funny Jack finds it. He's so cute.
his way of showing affection. If he'd really wanted Castiel dead, he would have pulled the trigger. If he didn't care, he wouldn't have given him any extra attention. He's not entirely sure Dean knew it was affectionate — he's not entirely sure Dean knew how he felt at all; he's not very in-touch with his emotions — but Castiel knew.
“Actually,” Dean says, “I think it’s probably best that we skip the reunion entirely -- unless you’re back to stay?”
That's exactly the wrong conclusion Castiel had hoped they'd reach. It's nice to see that he didn't have to nail that one in.
Castiel's jaw drops. He looks at Dean, half-expecting to see him holding back a laugh at this shitty attempt at a joke, but Dean just nods once. It's Jack. It's really him.
The girl next to her — Kaia, Dean had introduced her; he's pretty sure Lucifer said that's her girlfriend? — shrugs, but he can tell she's thinking the same thing.
Castiel cocks his head to the side, puzzled, but Gabriel seems so sure of himself as he steps back inside the apartment that Castiel decides he has to listen. He hopes Gabriel knows what he’s talking about, because personally, Castiel has a hard time believing this is going to be anything short of awkward. It’s one thing to be reunited with his brother; it’s going to be another thing entirely to see the old friends he abandoned without a word.
"Hey, Cas?" she says. "You don't have to answer if you don't want to, but what finally convinced you to leave the Hunters?"
I want to say to you boys,” John says, “but according to your mother, I’ve been through time and said it all before.” He shakes his head at that, like the concept is so foreign to him. It’s a lot like how he reacted back then, too: he couldn’t believe what nearly 13 years of hunting had led to. Apparently that much hasn’t changed.
CastieI starts to follow her, but he hesitates in the doorway. He glances back at Dean, who just crosses his arms. If he's not happy now, he's
Lucifer scrambles to his feet. "Cassie!" He runs over and pulls his brother into a tight hug. "I can't believe it. Twice in one year! Who would've thunk it?"
"Okay…?" Of course he won't talk. He's not going to snitch on himself. It's not the first time someone's refused to talk and it won't be the last. What's her deal?
And then, of course, there are things he just doesn't want to admit. There are crimes he's committed, people he's hurt; things he's ashamed to say once seemed normal to him. There are also things that would be easy to say, but that would open up a whole new can of worms that he'd rather not touch.
"You look out for your people, and I respect that," she tells him. "Not many people would tell the police they killed someone to protect a friend." With a glance at Castiel, she adds, "I get what Novak sees in you."
“As far as I know, he’s the only angel you got,” Benny remarks. “Believe me, I was just as surprised as you.”
"I just wanted someone to know everything," Castiel says. "I'm keeping too many secrets from too many people, and that would be a pretty shitty way to die."
As CastieI gently dabs away the blood, he can start to make a little more sense of the boy's injuries. It's not quite as bad as it had looked; a lot of scratches and gashes, but most look fairly shallow. He was bleeding a lot, but it mostly seems to be from the same few wounds.
could have had was if Dean left the gang and they started fresh, and he seems vehemently against that. It was going to crash and burn no matter what; he’s glad he got out before they got in any deeper.
Charlie glances at Castiel, but when all she gets getting him is a death glare, she has to answer it herself. "Cas told me he and Dean Winchester used to date."
Castiel helps Jack back to the couch, and while the kid gets comfortable, Castiel pours him a glass of apple juice and a bowl of cereal. A late breakfast is better than no breakfast, right?
help. He just made a bigger mess — though admittedly, it mostly just makes a mess for the police, which he supposed is probably Dean's idea of a good time.
Unlike Benny and Crowley who are already by the front door, Mick and Ketch have to walk by him to leave. Ketch barely glances his way, but Mick offers him an almost sympathetic smile. Castiel responds with a small nod. Under different circumstances, it almost could have been nice to see him again, and it's oddly comforting to see that the feeling seems to be mutual.
"Much," Castiel replies. "I think I just needed a very long nap." He told her that yesterday, too, but apparently that wasn't enough. It's nice to know she cares that much, at least.
is an idea. “I could take you to California! You could meet Dean's brother! I think you'd get along really well."
should have mentioned that earlier," Charlie says, much more politely than her exasperated partner would have said it.
“And now you get to see what Cas and I have been up to!” Jack adds. “Isn’t this place great? It’s everything you ever wanted, right?”
Instead, he just goes through the motions. He throws on the first professional-looking outfit he puts his hands on and lazily runs a hand through his hair a few times to neaten it up — not that it succeeds, but it's the thought that counts. He isn't at all confident that he has everything he needs with him when he heads for the car, but at this point, he doesn't care enough to make sure.
"It wasn't a gang at the time. It was…" He gestures vaguely, trying to find the right word. "It was kind of a family. Just 10 or 15 of us in an abandoned office building, and we took care of each other. Everyone was fed, everyone was clothed, everyone was loved.
Cheryl is already inside, working with one of the computers. Nathan introduces them, and they all shake her hand because unfortunately, as interested as Castiel is in watching this video (he’s always found things like this fascinating; it’s part of the reason he loves this job so much), chivalry is more important.
CastieI shakes his head. "You know what? You didn't follow it up by calling Padmé a milf so I'll let you live."
avenge you if I have to, but I really don't want to so you better walk out of there without a scratch."
Castiel puts an arm around him for support, and together, they make the very long, very slow journey to the bathroom. CastieI helps him all the way to the toilet, then quietly excuses himself to give Jack some privacy. He closes the door and awkwardly stands outside. Well, this is fun.
The kid — a teen, probably, but a kid nonetheless — is sitting criss-cross on the floor surrounded by bright camping lamps with what looks like a Gameboy. When Dean and Castiel appear, he puts his game down and scrambles to his feet.
"This type of thing happens to Hunters all the time," Dean interrupts. "Relax. If he says he's fine, he's fine."
"This is such a short drive!" Jack breathes, looking absolutely shocked at that. "It took me, like, 45 minutes to walk there, and we're already back!"
"Neither are you," Dean reminds him. "You're just a near-stranger who happens to share some of his DNA."
"Again I say, 'not legal,'" Dean says. "It's rented off-the-record. We slip the owner a wad of cash every month and he lets us keep the place, no questions asked."
Castiel cocks his head to the side. "I thought you were good with this. The Vamps are far worse than the Hunters. It's a good trade." Dean for the leader of the Vamps? He'd agree to that any day, even if he wasn't an ex-Hunter.
CastieI can tell Jack is going to wake up soon when he starts shifting on the couch. Castiel has been awake for well over 24 hours at this point, and after many,
A distant crunching of leaves brings Dean back to reality. He looks around, hoping in the back of his mind that it will be Cas finally coming around.
Dean takes a deep breath, trying to prepare himself for an answer he’s not sure he wants. “Did you ever tell Cas that you loved him?”
Castiel would have been content on the floor, but if Jack went through all the trouble of making space for him, the least he can do is sit with him.
"If I die and the Vamps still have free reign of the neighborhood," Castiel says, "will you take Jack somewhere far away?”
"Dammit," she mutters. She crosses her arms and drums her fingers along them as she thinks. After a few moments, she looks back at Castiel. "What if you went?"
Castiel is planning on seeing anyone, but he's sure he'll be passed by a few cars on the way and he'd like to look somewhat respectable in case anyone happens to recognize him, so he throws on a pair of jeans and his trench coat. This is good enough, right?
"She sounds great," Ellen says. "I'll make sure I've got a beer ready for her when she finally decides to join us."
“And Dean?” Charlie adds, louder this time. She looks around for him, and he knocks on her window to get his attention. She rolls the window down to talk to him. “You’re supposed to be a couple, remember? If you keep giving him the silent treatment, you’re going to get yourselves killed. Now, I really don’t care what happens to you, but I want my partner to come out of this alive.”
"Thanks!" He pauses. "I think." He takes a few sips of his juice and lets out a content sigh. "I think I'm gonna take a nap."
a lot quieter when she says an angry, "You said you were done with him! You're a cop, Cas! The only reason you should be seeing Dean Winchester is to put him in handcuffs — and
"Just 'cause tomorrow's probably gonna suck," she says, "and knowing that is probably gonna make every moment leading up to it suck, too."
Castiel expects the office downtown to be empty when he gets there, so when he steps inside and sees Lucifer sitting on the floor with a bottle of beer, he jumps a little. He takes solace in the fact that he won’t have to wait around for him; every second he’s spent thinking about how this conversation could go has been stressful beyond belief.
"Oh, yeah, c'mon." Castiel gestures for him to follow. “We gotta go back to the station first, though.”
"That's what I said!" Castiel replies. "I mean, do what you gotta do in the streets, but that was…" He lets out a low whistle. "So, did that answer your questions?"
Usually when Castiel is nervous the night before a court case, it's because he doesn't want to fuck the case up. Right now, lying in bed restlessly late on Sunday night, that's the last thing on his mind.
"'Immortal,' dumbass," Sam says, though he says it much more fondly than the words would make it seem. "The word you're looking for is 'immortal.'"
Castiel bolts upright, his heart pounding. He reaches for the gun on his bedside table and points it at the door instinctively. Dean is leaning against the doorframe, his arms crossed over his chest and an amused smile on his face. Castiel sighs and puts his gun back down.
here. He’s not sure he expected his brother to be as wary as he is, but he definitely didn’t expect him to accept this so readily -- to
Castiel turns his attention back to her, and his friend takes their eyes off the road for a few seconds to give him a puzzled glance. Castiel just cocks an eyebrow. He doesn’t want to have this conversation at all, but if he has to, it’s not starting with a question as vague as “what the fuck?”
"Why don't you want to read it?" Dean asks. He doesn't sound upset or annoyed or even just slightly inconvenienced. He almost sounds… concerned?
As he's driving her home, she pulls out what is inarguably the most personal question she's asked about his past — and right when he was beginning to think he was done talking about this, too.
of the Hunters give their real name out, especially for a legally-binding contract. He wouldn't give the police a way to find them.
“Ah ah ah!” She puts a finger to his lips. “I am buying you food and you cannot stop me.” She takes her hand back. “Now, follow me. I am about to show you the store of your dreams.”
Charlie frowns. “I mean, I guess, but he really…” She sighs. “No, I guess you’ve got a point. You’d know better than I would.”
she and Castiel were going to go together whether Jody specifically told them to or not, but bringing Dean along was
“Oh.” Well, that’s okay. If it’s still going to happen eventually, he supposes he can’t complain that they haven’t worked out the details. “So that’s why you haven’t been around? You’re just working on reshaping Heaven, huh?”
is gonna summon Taylor Swift?" Castiel glances over at her to see her dancing around in the seat by his side.
"He used it on Sam," Castiel tells him. "Asking for legal advice, I think. I don't know. He wouldn't let me stick around." In fact, other than asking for Sam's number, Dean didn't want anything to do with him after he made his deal with Jody. He took this whole "Jack has been staying at Castiel's place" thing a lot harder than Lucifer did (probably because it inadvertently got
"Hmm," she hums, dropping her hand. She turns her gaze to Castiel next. "And that makes you…? Another Hunter, I'm sure."
look. He told Charlie because it explained a lot about what she saw. Jody wasn't there; she doesn't have to know.
"By all means, go ahead," Dean says. "I would be more than willing to have this conversation in the shower."
“Okay, you’re not as excited as I’d expected,” Charlie remarks. “Isn’t this a good thing? Maybe they’ll finally take them down! Wouldn’t that be great? You won’t have to worry about them anymore!”
Castiel grimaces. They've been alternating drivers in their two-person carpool for years. This has to be the first time either of them has tried to put a stop to it. Granted, he did it first, but it still stings. He just wishes he could apologize, just get it over with, but with Dean staring at him, that's probably not a good idea.
So that's what he does. He takes out his phone and calls her up. He holds his phone between his ear and his shoulder as he searches his trench coat pockets for the key to his apartment. Where the hell did he put it… Ah, there it is. He’s just putting the key in the lock when Charlie picks up.
Castiel swallows hard, but otherwise, he doesn't react. Maybe it's not him. Maybe someone here other than him or Charlie is —
Jack nods in understanding. “I’ll see both soon.” He gives Dean a reassuring pat on the shoulder before disappearing, leaving Dean and Cas alone.
Jack thinks that over for a few moments. Finally, he says, “Can you write it in the notes app on my phone? No one’s gonna go through all my phone notes.”
Jody's not in her office, so Castiel brings his vest over to his desk. He's sure he'll find her eventually to give it back. Dean doesn't have his; she must have taken it while he was in the bathroom.
The right side of his cheek is the worst. It's not scratched, exactly; it's more of an abrasion, and not a clean one at that. He might have to get a bottle of whiskey out for that. It'll hurt like a bitch, but it's better than an infection. Short of falling face-first on some concrete, he’s not sure what could have caused that. He’s not sure he
Charlie hesitates, then nods. “Fine, I’ll be your mail carrier -- but I really don’t want to, so you two better not die.”
“I thought this was one Heaven,” Dean interrupts. That was the deal. That’s supposed to be why they’re not reliving all their greatest hits: Jack and Cas fixed the place up so they can start all over again in the afterlife.
Charlie takes a deep breath just for show and tries again. "You said you were with Dean Winchester for six years. Why did it take you six years to leave?"
Things like the fact that the person he helped escape the Hunters was none other than Dean Winchester's own brother.
He just wishes it would have worked out. He wishes Dean would have left the gang. He wishes Dean would have taken Lucifer, Gabriel, and Jack with him when he did. He knows nothing has really changed since a few weeks ago before Dean broke into that bank, but the fact that he’d had hope that it would makes it hurt more.
Castiel nods solemnly. Maybe one of the Vamps will explain, even if it means cutting a deal with one of them. Patience deserves to know what happened to her.
He grabs a pen and a blank piece of paper. He rests the tip of the pen on the page, then pauses. What does he want to write? What exactly does he want Dean to know?
Well, if he's happy about it, Castiel isn't going to stop him. He'll just keep talking and hope Lucifer doesn't change his mind. "I don't know how it's gonna go tomorrow. Dean and I are going in together —"
, but…” Dean makes some big, vague gestures to him because he knows damn well that he can’t articulate his thoughts in words or movements. “You’re in Heaven!”
He looks down at the three letters he put in the cup holder. He won’t be needing Dean’s anymore, which means Dean doesn’t have to find out that there may be questionable content (read: an offer to help his brothers out of the gang if they ever decide they want to leave) in the other letters. With Jack here, he could skirt around having Dean read them at all. He picks them up and licks the flap to seal the envelopes shut, and the other envelope he rips in half and slips inside his glove box.
An ugly yellow car drives by, slowly traveling down the road and going right between Dean and Cas. When the car’s out of the way, Cas is gone. Just like that.
Now that there's oxygen in his lungs, Jack continues, "The Vamps came over and they were, like, harassing us, which was fine, I guess. Annoying, but fine. But they kept saying they were gonna bring Alex back, and she kept saying no, that she was happy with us, and things escalated really fast and they —" He squeezes his eyes shut and swallows hard. "They shot her. In the chest. Said they'd rather lose her to the devil than the Hunters. And I just keep thinking, if I hadn't wanted that fro-yo so much, if I hadn't fought with Claire about what to do, Alex would still be here."
"Tell me about it," Dean mutters. "I told you I wouldn't die out there. I do so much stupid shit in my life, I'm practically immune to death."
"That's… weird," Charlie says. "Well, hey, maybe when you have him arrested, you'll finally get to find out what his real name is!"
"Cas," Dean whispers. That has to be him. Dean would recognize that tan trenchcoat anywhere, and even the shade of the forest isn't going to change that. Cas is here. He’s really
Cas gives this a moment to sink in before continuing. “I was never going to tell you. After 12 years by your side, I’d decided that just being your friend was enough -- better than losing you entirely, at least. You were the one thing I could never truly have. Not like that. But what I did have… it was enough.”
" Charlie scoffs. "You're lying to the cops like it's your goddamn day job, that's what! Do I even want to ask how often you do this, or is it just going to piss me off more?"
Castiel lolls his head back with a groan. "Fine, but leave the kid alone and let him make his own choices, okay?"
"No, I know it is," Castiel says. "But it's a risk I'm willing to take." If it could keep Jack safe and with his family, it's worth it. Anything for Jack.
"You're such a buzz kill," Dean tells him. "There was a time you totally would've cheered me on for that."
Outside of the house, a number of cop cars are parked, each one with red and blue lights flashing. The ambulance hasn't arrived yet, so Charlie instructs Patience to sit on the front steps while they wait and she’s more than happy to oblige.
“What?” Charlie says, confused. “No, I live here. Like, right over there.” She points vaguely down the street. “Wait, where do your parents live? Have we been neighbors this whole time?”
Dean nods. "Before I go..." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out one of the silver wedding bands. He takes Castiel's hand and gently slips the ring on. "Something to remember me by."
He rereads the note to ensure that there are no mistakes and that it makes sense -- and realizes that his first line sounds a
Andrea looks back and forth between them. "I can tell you two have a lot to talk about, so I'm going to leave you to it."
Apparently the reason the outskirts of Vamp territory was empty was that most of the Vamps are inside. They're gathered at the end of the hall, all standing on the outskirts of a very messy room. There are sleeping bags and dirty pillows all over the floor, wrinkled clothes lying in heaps between them.
. When they were moving around, hopping between abandoned buildings for months before finally settling down, Dean was always there. CastieI knew that he could turn to him for anything and everything.
alive," Dean remarks. "It's been so long, I was starting to think you passed out from blood loss or something."
until now. He supposes he’d always been passively aware of the fact that he’d like to see his brothers again someday, but it’s only really hitting him now just how much he’d enjoy that. But he can’t; he knows he can’t. “But I’m not coming back.”
“Actually,” Charlie says, “I was gonna say, ‘are you going to be okay,’ but that is good to hear, too.”
“I’ve yet to see another vampire -- or a mime, for that matter -- so I don’t think you have to worry about it,” Benny tells him.
flirting," Castiel says immediately. All he did was throw a chunk of plastic at the guy. How is that flirting?
read them, if only to see what Castiel meant. He’d be surprised if Dean lets him leave in the part of the letter that tells his brothers that they can always come to him if they choose to leave the Hunters, but he hopes he does -- and he hopes it works. Castiel hadn’t even considered leaving the gang until he’d found out Sam was going to. Maybe his brothers will be the same way about him.
Why were Cas and Jack watching him if they were just going to leave the moment Dean tried to approach them? And why does he have a feeling it was Cas's decision? Is it just the guilt that's been stewing in him since it happened, triggered by Cas's sacrifice but compounded by every memory of Dean mistreating him? Or is it something more, something based on facts that he can't quite pinpoint?
doesn't trust himself to talk about Cas. He knows the guy's alive — or at least that Bobby says he is — but that doesn't mean shit until they meet again. Until he sees Cas's face, until he hears Cas's voice, it's going to feel like he's still gone. Hell, if he's being honest, he's not even sure Cas
; Claire killed the other, but Jody doesn’t have to know that much) and isn’t going to pursue it? That’s not how the police department is supposed to work. He’s supposed to be nervous right now. He’s supposed to fear for his nephew’s safety and his freedom. And she’s just going to walk away?
Dean scowls and grabs Sam's arm, dragging him back inside without a word. He's not going to stand here and talk about the fact that he's probably losing his mind. Their friends are here. Their
just getting McDonald's," Dean deadpans. "He should be back by now. Your brothers are kind of freaking out."
Castiel rolls his eyes but does what he's told. Unlike Dean who always wears at least two layers of flannel under his leather jacket, Castiel is just wearing a tee shirt, his wound easily visible. He'd known it would be bleeding, but he didn't realize it would be bleeding this much. He's almost glad he got to help Jack when he was bleeding from all over; it makes looking at this much easier.
, and admittedly, Castiel had completely forgotten that the whole reason Charlie is here is that they were going to have a
Charlie pats him in the back sympathetically. "Well, whatever happens, I hope it works out for you."
CastieI sits down across from him with his legs crossed. He lays the envelopes and the roll of duct tape on the floor behind him. He wants Jack to know he has his full attention.
"I'm assuming the same goes for your uncle?" CastieI guesses. He almost says 'other uncle,' but he catches himself before he does. Charlie doesn't need to know that.
"Oh, hell yeah," she says. "What am I if not your favorite ride-or-die friend?" With a fond look at Jack, she adds, "And I like this kid. I don't know anything about him, but I like him."
Castiel has never been this deep in Vamp territory before. He’s been on the outskirts, usually trying to get his kicks in because it felt like
Sam shakes his head, a small smile on his face. "Alright, sure. I'm sure it'll be easier to get a plane ride home tomorrow, anyway."
"Then we have a deal," she says. "I'll make some phone calls and we may be all set as early as tomorrow."
people —" Sam gives them each a pointed look, "I have fruits and vegetables and I can't leave them in the sun all day."
He glances around, and, just as he'd suspected, half the bank is still watching him. Hell, even the people who have just gotten here are —
As Dean gets up to talk to Castiel, Gabriel gives his brother a brief side-hug. "You better come back in here when you're done talking to Dean because Lucifer needs a hug, too."
Dean steps out of the shadows and turns on what appears to be a camping lamp. "I was wondering if you were gonna come."
The first floor of the building is eerily silent, and he puts a hand on his gun instinctively. This time as he climbs the stairs, he does it in the dark. He'd rather no one see him before he can see them.
"Pretty much," Sam says. "I mean, someone has to step in, and it doesn't look like you're gonna be the one to do it."
They stand there for god-only-knows-how-long, and Castiel savors every moment of it. This is the last thing he’d expected when he agreed to come with Jack, and he’s never been so glad he listened to a teenager in his life. At this point, he doesn’t care what happens next. He gets to see his brother again. What more could he ask for?
, but he hits his head on the bottom of the pool table. He slides out a foot or so, then tries to sit up for the third time, this time more successfully. He looks around, confused. “Hey, what’s going -- oh, hey, guys!”
missed you. You could come back right now; everyone would welcome you with open arms, no questions asked."
Castiel shrugs. "I don't know. I've asked before and he didn't take me up on it, but maybe if he hears that
He gets up to check who it is anyway. If it's Dean — something he wouldn't have considered until Jack showed up, but now it feels like a reasonable fear — and he doesn't think anyone is home, he'll probably pick the lock and come in anyway. That would be pretty difficult to explain to Charlie.
Dean's face remains expressionless. Usually Castiel is good at reading him; right now, he has absolutely no idea what's going on in his head. The man doesn't even look at him, eyes trained on Jody as she thinks.
CastieI cracks a smile at that in spite of himself. To Jack, he says, "I'm glad you're okay, at least."
"We have to go," Castiel says, keeping his voice low. If he starts a panic, they'll lose their chance to leave, and he is
"Hey, Charlie," Castiel says. He opens the front door, ready to drop his shit on the kitchen table and flop down on his bed to talk to her. "Listen, I just —"
doesn't know the guy's actual name. They basically all call him their ‘old man’ even though he was, like, 12 when he started the gang." The idea of Benny calling a guy at least a decade younger than him “old man” in complete sincerity will never stop being entertaining. It's probably the only thing to come out of that gang that Castiel doesn't completely hate.
He could wait, of course. He could probably wait a few hours if he wanted to. But the longer he puts it off, the more anxious it will make him. At least if he calls now, he can get it out of the way. Then maybe he can watch some
"Ryan and Esposito have been at it on and off for hours, and all they've got to show for it is a plethora of sarcastic comments," Jody tells him.
by that gun shot. I acted on instinct. Man, I sure hope there are no more gunshots or I might ‘accidentally’ shoot him again.” He looks over at Castiel and asks quietly, “You okay?”
To say Cas seems taken aback by that would be an understatement. He cocks his head to the side, squinting at him.
them from turning to violent crime. The only ones getting hurt are the ones that try to hurt people first."
"I've been involved in investigations for at least three of you in just the last few months," Castiel interrupts. "Losing my job would be the least of my worries." That's obstruction, plain and simple, and he's sure the DA's office could drum up a few more charges if they tried. He would've cut off communication the first time Dean came to see him if he'd been any smarter.
am going to go get some apple juice. By the time I get back, you better have decided whether you're in this with me or not."
"Oh, it's 'detective' now," an unfamiliar man's voice says, and CastieI cocks his head to the side, puzzled. "Fancy."
"Thanks for letting me stay over, by the way," Jack says. "I can't even imagine what my dad would say if he saw me like this."
"I'm sorry, okay?" Dean says. "I'll stop bitching about you being a cop. Now will you sit down and shut up so I can deal you in?"
CastieI pulls the phone away from his face just enough to check the screen. It looks like someone picked up. He's not sure why they're not saying something, though. He's not sure he wants to be the first one to speak. Unfortunately, he's not sure he has a choice.
have to risk his life on this, but he doubts Dean will change his mind. He wants to take the Vamps down, and that's one thing they can both agree on.
"Because…" Castiel swallows hard. "Because I miss them, and I'm afraid that if I start missing them any more, I might…" He doesn't need to finish that thought for Dean to know where he's going with this.
"Well, he's seen a lot of shit since then," Castiel says. "He's had time to adapt. But he knows firsthand how hard it is to lose someone, and he knows what it's like to feel like you could have done something about it. You don't have to worry about disappointing him, I promise."
It’s much less amusing as the person who has to keep the old man from escaping his grasp, but at least one of them is enjoying it.
Castiel chuckles awkwardly. Now feels like a good time to change the subject before she can grill him about how much pain he's actually in. "So, what did you want to talk to us about? Are we in trouble?"
"And me, right?" Gabriel asks as if Lucifer didn't just make space between them for that exact reason.
“Just for a few minutes,” Castiel assures him. “You can spend the whole time talking to Sam if you want.”
"And her three cats," he finishes. "It's Taylor, Joe, and her three cats, all right in front of us."
. He knows he did. But he’s not here now and Charlie seems to think he never was, so, what, is Dean just losing his mind? Nearly 40 years of hunting monsters, and losing Cas is what finally did him in? Well, this is going to be a fun eternity of delusions.
Dean just rolls his eyes. He’s just being honest. Charlie knows it. Deep down, Sam has to know it, too. Cas and Jack could come by whenever they want, and they continue to choose not to.
"Huh," Gabriel hums. "Good for him." He doesn't seem to think much of it, but it still seems genuine.
wearing it. After a long pause, he says, "If you want me to give it back, I can bring it tomorrow." It's hard to imagine giving up the ring, but he's not Dean's partner anymore. He doesn't need it. He doesn't
, he mouths before hurrying back to Dean’s side. He wishes he could do more right now. He wishes she knew they weren’t in this alone, that there’s a dozen police officers not too far away just waiting for the cue to come in. They’ll help her. It’s just going to take
"Okay, that was a little…" He trails off as well. He has a general idea of ‘what it was,’ but he doesn't know how to verbalize it beyond just
They head out to the car, and Dean slides into the back with no questions asked. He doesn’t even raise a single sarcastic remark. He’s really going to give Castiel the silent treatment, isn’t he? Castiel rolls his eyes as he slides into the passenger side, Charlie taking the driver’s seat (of his car which is kind of weird, but it feels like it makes the most sense, what with Castiel getting out before they are).
“I’d listen to him if I were you,” Dean remarks. “When talking doesn’t work, his methods of persuasion are… well, let’s just say they get more violent as things progress.”
Dean picks up the pace, and they meet in the middle with a big hug. God, it feels like it’s been a lifetime since they last saw each other. What little hope he’d had of ever seeing him again had been dashed the last time he was in Purgatory when he was met with a very confident “he’s dead” from the local monsters. This is a pleasant surprise, to say the least.
"Looks like," Castiel replies, eyeing the long black car in front of them. He can't help but wonder what it's doing here. It's a bit early for a funeral to be ending, but he's not sure what else an ordinary person would need a limo for.
Dean gives a small shrug. "I've got the rest of eternity to eat pie. I think I'm gonna hold off for now."
“No, seriously, what the fuck does that mean?” Charlie asks. “Like, I’m sorry, I know I said I wasn’t gonna bother you about this anymore, but, like, what the fuck?”
them. You have no idea how many investigations I’ve sabotaged in the last few years -- and don’t even get me
Castiel scowls. He really shouldn't be rewarding him for doing this bare minimum, but it's more than he'd expected, and it shows that even if he still holds that grudge, at least he
"That's the vibe I'm getting from exactly three people and you are none of them." The three people are, of course, Lucifer, Gabriel, and Jack, though he supposes he could have included Mick if he'd wanted to. He hasn't really said anything, but CastieI still believes it.
It takes an hour and a half, but CastieI makes it to his street in one (very sweaty) piece. It would have been
, I can't even imagine how much it sucked for you, having to see Dean Winchester again. Take a day to recover."
their case is solid, he's going to be stressing out about it until it ends -- hopefully with a "guilty" verdict.
Apparently it's a good thing Castiel didn't tell Charlie anything earlier, because when he's called into Chief Jody Mills's office, she's called in right alongside him. It looks like she'll get to hear the whole story anyway, whether he wants her to or not. It’s probably for the best; she
They sit down at a table that's probably meant for couples and share a giant ice cream sundae that's
"Oh, thank god," Lucifer whispers. "So, what, he got arrested for something? I don't know why he didn't call me. That's supposed to be what I'm here for."
They lose sight of limo guy when they park, and that's the end of that. Castiel still thinks it would be cool if it was Ryan Reynolds, but he's not naive enough to think it's possible (nor does he believe it's Taylor Swift or Rihanna or Elizabeth Olsen). It doesn't matter anyway; if it's someone cool, they'll hear about it in no time. More likely it's just an average upper-middle-class person (or group of people) who needed a ride.
to the living room -- holy shit this is a lot of walking -- but he pauses before he reaches the door. Is this everything he needs? This is everything he’s gonna wear, right? Jeans, tee shirt, jacket, sneakers. That’s all he’s gotta wear. So why does it feel like he’s missing something?
"I am, too," Castiel says. "Seeing you all grown up has been the highlight of these last few weeks. If I thought I could keep in touch without putting the rest of my life in jeopardy, I promise, I would." He pats him on the leg. "You're a good kid. I'm really gonna miss you."
"But not a bad one," Castiel says quickly. "Barely even feel it." That was a lie the first time he said it, and it's even more of a lie now. He’d thought the adrenaline had worn off earlier, but he has unfortunately proved himself wrong. Everything just
After what feels like hours of tossing and turning — though he's almost certain it hasn't actually been that long — he gives up on this seemingly fruitless mission to sleep. He can't rest until he knows what's going on with Cas, and if there's one thing he's learned over the years, it's that praying is the most foolproof way of reaching him.
Or maybe he should go visit his parents. Their last family dinner meant everything to him. He can't imagine how much nicer it will be without the end looking over everything. He can’t remember the last time all four of them were truly happy together. Hell, he’s not sure that’s ever happened. He’d like to think they could fix that now.
Dean is torn between approaching them to see who they are and walking away in case it's someone he doesn't want to see. He's not sure who would be on that list, but even just an awkward interaction with a stranger would be weird. He’s yet to run into anyone he didn’t want to see, though, so it’s probably a safe assumption that whoever this is, it’s someone Dean likes.
Dean chuckles. "Ordinarily, yes, but now I'm intrigued." He looks up at the two men guarding the fire exit. "Ketch, go take care of it for me, will you?"
until CastieI started touching the barely-formed blood clots, but he still thinks this was for the best. He can mostly gauge how bad the wounds are, and except for a cut or two that looks to be purposely made with a knife as opposed to just scratches presumably from hitting the ground, he thinks it will all heal on its own in time.
With Charlie in the front and Dean and Castiel in the back, all keeping a close eye on her, Patience makes her way out of the room. She has to hold on to the railings on the stairs, but she doesn't stumble on the way down.
He can't even imagine how this sounds to her. Throwing in a disclaimer that he rarely talks to any of the Hunters would probably just make it sound
. It’s not worth trying to change that, especially because he has no plans to ever see her again after today. It’s probably best that he remains nothing but a distant memory.
"They won't," CastieI assures her. "I'll tell him to keep it to himself until the end of the night. If he doesn't hear from me or Dean,
"I can only imagine," Charlie says. She stands up and heads to the doorway, where she gently nudges her partner. "I'm gonna call for an ambulance. Can you keep an eye on her?"
“For what it’s worth,” Charlie tells her friend, “I also think you’re being an idiot, which makes a grand total of two out of two relevant people that think so.”
"Oh." Jack frowns. "Well, do you think if I told him in a few days, he'd want to come with us? Or at least
shouldn't have been that much of a bitch to you about it." He offers her an apologetic smile. "So, no hard feelings?"
If he's beginning to bruise, he can't see it; no amount of maneuvering in front of the mirror with his phone camera open can get him a decent look at his back. It just causes him a hell of a lot more pain, and it's really not worth the effort. Still, he’d like to think that if his back really
The bustling of someone — presumably a new suspect — being dragged in only takes his attention off his work for the briefest moment. It's nice that someone's accomplishing something, but if it's not him, he doesn't particularly care. He has his own work to focus on.
"It looks like it," Castiel says, confused. Who brings a limousine to a police station? He can't imagine they're turning in here for anything else. It's not exactly the most convenient place to turn around, and there's really nothing else over there.
After giving it a judgmental once-over, Dean leans against the hood of the car and crosses his arms, an eyebrow cocked. Though Dean left enough room for Castiel to rest against the car as well, he chooses to stand back while they talk. He doesn't expect this conversation to end well, and he'd rather not be shoulder-to-shoulder with him at the end.
hopes it looks more confident than he feels. "So, what'd they finally get you on?" He glances at the one-way mirror out of the corner of his eye. He's sure Dean knows; he just wants to remind him in case he's thinking of saying something stupid.
see the resemblance, but it wasn’t him.” Is this gaslighting? He’s pretty sure he’s gaslighting them right now. Whoops.
"It's been, like, two months," Charlie says, "and she hasn't strangled me yet, so I think we're on the right track."
"He's cool, though," Sam adds quickly, noticing the looks on the girls' faces, which was admittedly the reaction Dean was going for. "He's been with us since he was born — before he was born, even; Cas was taking care of his mom for a while."
Charlie clenches her jaw. Though she's clearly not happy about this, she's far less hostile when she asks, "What did he want with you?"
He grabs his keys and heads out the door, but he pauses when he reaches his car. He has absolutely no idea what he's getting himself into. He should really prepare for the worst.
"Of course not," Jody says, making it very clear in her tone of voice that she knows he's a lying sack of shit. She doesn't seem at all phased by it, though, which bodes well for him.
Castiel cocks his head to the side. Is that… “Claire?” Wow, she’s grown up a lot. She was so sweet as a child (granted, she was two years old; two-year-olds are usually sweet), but clearly, unlike with Jack, that didn’t last for her. Even her outward appearance gives off the same vibes as her sarcasm: her between her leather jacket and smokey eye makeup, she’s the perfect picture of a badass.
“He sure was,” Castiel says. The fact that Gordon knows exactly what they’re doing here is a little disconcerting, though he tries not to think about that. Dean said he assumed the Vamps would be expecting him after what they did to Jack. It looks like he was right. “Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like a word with the man in charge, m’kay?” He plasters on a falsely sweet smile.
"Hopefully not," Castiel says. "We have enough 'interesting' on the agenda today. We don't need any more."
for Cas. Sure, they'd had their ups and downs, some fights he'd rather not relive, but when it came down to it, they were there for each other until the very end — an end he's tried his best not to think about since it went down. It all happened so quickly, and by the time Dean had even processed that it was
CastieI sighs. "You know, all I wanted to do was come home, take a shower, and go to bed. Is that too much to ask for?"
"I can't believe it," he says. "I've heard so much about you. I never thought I’d actually get to see you again.”
Dean squints his eyes, but it's too far away for him to know for sure. All he knows is that he sees a flash of tan outside, and tan… well, tan usually means one thing.
Castiel picks up a chip and throws it at him. It almost hits him square in the face, but Dean catches it in one hand at the last second. He adds it to his pile of chips with a smile. Looks like Castiel isn't getting that one back.
the answer I was expecting." He frowns. "Did you lose it? I told Jack not to fold it so many times. I'm sure your brothers wouldn't mind —"
to hear Dean explain what the fuck he was thinking at Target (why would he shoot someone if he knew he was one camera? That’s just asking for trouble), he has a feeling any sort of back-and-forth -- especially in person -- would invite something more.
dead; not just if I get shot -- can you give him this?” Dean slides an envelope between the two front seats.
"I think we were about your age, Dean and I, and we were just sitting around drinking beers or whatever because it was the middle of the night and none of us wanted to go to sleep. And one of the other Hunters came running into the room in tears, and all she could say was, 'Anael's dead.' Apparently the two of them had gone out to bribe their way into a pack of cigarettes and they got jumped on the way back. Only one of them got away; Anael…" He trails off. He'd rather not think about what happened to her.
“Okay, okay,” Castiel says quickly. “Um…” He thinks about it for a few moments. How about… “Is that coffee cake?”
"He seemed pretty confident that he did," Jody says. "And you went along with it really fast for someone who supposedly doesn't know what he was talking about."
Fully dressed, Dean stands in front of him, a frown on his face. He seems to be searching for the right words, but there’s nothing left for him to say.
"God no,"  Castiel says immediately. Like Sam would ever do that. He hasn't come back in almost 14 years; he's not going to start now. "No, actually, this is where the Dean thing and the Jack thing come together. There's not going to be a trial."
"Castiel?" Jack calls through the door after a long few moments. "Do you mind if I ruin another one of your towels? You're welcome to say no."
“If you thought he was weird, you should’ve seen the old guy,” Dean remarks. Chuck was… well, he was Chuck. Power-hungry Chuck trying to destroy the multiverse was weird, and alcoholic writer Chuck was another, equally-as-frustrating weird. There really wasn’t a very long period of time in which Chuck
that was not Dean Winchester?” Charlie asks as soon as they’ve left the store. “Like, completely, 100-percent positive? No room for doubt? It really wasn’t…?”
He's glad Dean set their nonexistent meeting for tomorrow, though. It gives Castiel enough time to put a new note in the office building for him without him having to wait too long for Dean to find it.
"And today's been such a good day, I don't even care that this doesn't make sense," Castiel says teasingly.
Dean mutters a quick, “Hold that thought,” and runs outside. If Cas is out there, Dean wants to see him. He
Jack gestures for him to follow. His lips are moving, but Castiel can't hear a word he's saying from in the car.
CastieI doesn't have to look around to know that all eyes are on him. He really feels like he has to do
John is just finishing setting the table when Dean steps into view. He beams at the sight of his two boys, and Dean can't help but smile, too. His dad had always put hunting before fatherhood. As much as Dean hated it, it made sense; there were so many people’s lives on the line and his father was in a unique position to save them.
Another shot goes off, and for the briefest moment, Castiel thinks it's Dean who fired it. He's about to tell the man off when he realizes that isn't the case. It
voice, though he can’t quite place it. It’s been too long since he’s heard most of these people’s voices. He can barely tell them apart.
Castiel rolls his eyes. "Uh-huh." He files that idea in the back of his head, though, just in case. "Did you listen in?"
"Okay, hang on, I'll look it up." He must turn the phone on speaker because the sound of his keyboard clicking away is impossible to miss. Castiel looks out the window while he waits. Anything is better than looking at Charlie, whom he knows is confused out of her mind. He knows when Sam's found it when he hears the quiet, "Oh, fuck," through the speaker. "He killed someone
As it turns out, Nathan really isn’t kidding when he says it’s right inside. It’s behind a one-way mirror right next to the door, and the self-checkout is right in view from inside. Well, that’s convenient. It’s already taped off with crime scene tape, and Castiel catches a glimpse of the dead body as he walks by. A single shot straight to the head. Impressive.
When yelling at him doesn’t wake him up, Jo takes matters into her own hands. She grabs a rag from behind the bar, scrunches it into a ball, and throws it at him, hitting him right in the head. Ash jerks awake, sitting upright so quickly that he rolls off the pool table and falls to the floor with a loud
"I don't think Dean wants me any closer to Hunter territory than I am right now," Castiel says. If he was welcome, Dean would have invited him. As it stands now, he thinks he'd have to rejoin the Hunters for an invitation.
Castiel scoffs. "It's been 13 years since I've seen these people, and it's not like I was best friends with every single person I met. No, I don't remember his name. Sue me."
Jody frowns. "I know you two have history, but you don't have to do this for him. You don't owe him that."
"You've also hurt a lot of people," Castiel reminds him. He saw a lot of shit go down in his days in the gang; he has to imagine that didn't change once he left.
"Oh, come on!" Charlie groans. "I know you want to do this yourself for whatever weird-ass reason, but the kid is bleeding out in your fucking sofa."
CastieI whips around to face them. "I can't deal with this with you looking over my shoulder! Go home, Charlie, before you get in too deep."
early-morning coffees, he thinks he might be able to pull off his "I'm not that tired" charade. Jack has more important things to worry about than his uncle's wellbeing, anyway — namely, his
"If he wants to visit, he can," CastieI says. "Just make sure he's covered up. He still looks like he got hit by a dozen busses; he's going to draw too much attention to himself if he doesn't." At least crutches are somewhat normal at hospitals. The rest of his wounds, not so much.
"I'm fine," Castiel says. The adrenaline is wearing off and both his arm and his back are starting to hurt impossibly more than they had been, but he’ll be fine. He hopes.
“You better,” he says. “I’m expecting both of you to come back alive. The ‘I told you so’ thing kind of loses its charm when you’re saying it to a dead body.”
"Just a lot of legal questions," Sam says. "I didn't really bat an eye at the drug ones, but there were a few that have me a little concerned."
They lapse into a silence for a few minutes, and though they each get the chance to play a couple of words in Scrabble, it’s far from enough to keep him from feeling like he’s going to fall asleep. Maybe if they’d been doing something that involved moving -- or even just standing -- he wouldn’t be struggling so much, but they can’t stop halfway through a game (and Castiel is losing and he refuses to end it until he wins).
She shakes her head. "I won't believe it if I don't see it. Hell, I barely believe he's okay now and I
Charlie slaps her forehead with the palm of her hand. "I just came out as an enby and you're critiquing my casual segway?"
Charlie runs out of the room on her apple juice mission. CastieI turns his attention back to Jack. Part of him wants to try to clean the blood from his torso; part of him just wants to give the kid a break.
"Dean barely knew her," Castiel says. "She'd only been there for a couple months and she spent most of her time with her friends, not with us. And do you know what Dean did when he heard that this girl he barely knew died?"
still mad at him. He just hopes that doesn’t jeopardize the mission. Maybe he can make amends somehow before they even run into the Vamps. That would be ideal, though if yesterday is any indication, it’s not very likely.
Castiel hadn't been planning on telling him, but he asked so politely that he feels like he has to give him some sort of answer. "The ones for your dad and uncle are just responses to the ones they wrote for me. The one for Dean is…" How does he phrase this? "It's a heads-up." A warning, more accurately, though that sounds more ominous than he'd been going for.
"Did they end up in Hunter territory?" he asks. "I didn't think there were any high-priority cases with you guys." He'd thought Ryan and Esposito had moved on to new cases. It's been months since the Target thing; that should have been on the back burner. They wouldn’t have much of a reason to be anywhere near the Hunters.
owe this to his friend. "I'm sorry for snapping at you. You had every reason to be upset, and I'm sorry for overreacting like that."
The shootout behind the mall, CastieI presumes. That's not good. If they know Jack killed one of their own, they're not going to let him off easy. He's lucky they didn't kill him then and there — or unlucky, as the case may be. There are worse things than death, and this may be one of them.
CastieI sighs. "Will you at least give me your dad's number? If you pass out from blood loss, I'm going to call him."
"Exactly," CastieI says. "I'm sure they'd treat him anyway, but I don't know if we'd get him back afterwards." And if anyone found out that he was a Hunter, the cops might try to get information out of him — and knowing how much Lucifer loves his family, they might actually succeed if the guy heard they had his son.
Castiel lets out a low whistle. “Not a chance. I don’t want to talk to my boss and Dean won’t want to talk to me. You’re on your own with this one.” He’s actually not sure if Dean is still mad at him -- he hasn’t exactly had the chance to pop in and visit him this morning -- but it’s probably better safe than sorry. He’ll talk to Dean later when they can be alone instead of ruining his reunion with his brother.
Dean puts his chin on Castiel's shoulder and looks up at him through his eyelashes. CastieI forces himself to look away before he finishes speaking.
By Thursday, though, he leaves the kid alone with no hesitation. He's been doing fine on his own (as long as he doesn't have to leave the house; he turned down a ride to the pizza place the night before because going outside still makes him anxious), and he's really made himself at home.
"I never reconnected with the other Hunters," Castiel says. She doesn't need to know about poker night. "I don't know what they're up to and I don't care."
“Oh, come on, Cas,” Benny says mockingly. “Share with the class. I promise we’ll only hurt you if it’s
The moment that Dean sees the spaghetti and meatballs on the countertop, though, all his problems are forgotten. His mother is no Gordon Ramsey, but damn if she doesn't make some good fucking meatballs. He probably takes more than his fair share — and definitely more than he should take at one time — but no one tells him off for it. His parents exchange amused looks and Sam rolls his eyes, but he Dean is perfectly okay with it as long as he gets his food.
. To say it’s frustrating would be an understatement, but unfortunately, he’s not sure there’s much he can do about it beyond keeping an eye out for any subtle stalkers in the area.
He nods. "Yeah, she came back not long after you died. She really helped keep me together when I had nothing else left."
“Then can I talk to him?” Sam asks. “You can’t both be this stupid. I’ve gotta be able to at least change
"You know that old office building on Main Street?" He might as well keep all his Hunter-related meetings in one place.
“As far as the Vamps are concerned, I’m going in as a Hunter, not a cop,” Castiel tells him. He’s not sure that will make a difference, but he has to hope. “If they think I’m there about Jack, they’re not going to think I’m after some state-sponsored revenge.”
“So, what happened?” Dean asks. “Last time I was in Purgatory, I heard you were dead -- or, you know, more dead than usual.”
?” Dean asks. “You thought I was gonna, what, spit in your face? Tell you to get lost? Cas, man, you are the best thing to ever happen to me, and I am
he’s daydreaming about shooting the guy. Hell, if the cops weren’t listening to their every move, he’s sure he would -- and once upon a time, Castiel would have cheered him on for it. Oh, how he longs for simpler times.
Dean pushes himself away from the railing and takes off running. He's a ways away in the woods — leave it to Cas to overcomplicate their reunion like that — but no distance is going to keep them apart. Dean runs past his car and past the end of the bridge, but when he reaches the trees, he has to drop his gaze to the ground to make sure he doesn’t trip over the roots. He makes it a little ways into the forest, then looks up where Cas is —
’ me,” Dean snaps. “Do you know how many times I prayed to you? Actually, no, don’t answer that. Of course you know how many times I prayed to you. You always do, which means you
“I think I just proved otherwise,” Dean replies. “Oh, hey, before I forget, your brothers have absolutely no idea I'm here, but if they're anything you wanted to tell them after reading their notes, I have no problem playing messenger."
“She’s not just going to give an unspecified envelope from one Hunter to another,” Castiel tells him. “She’s a cop, remember? There’s a reason you don’t like us.”
ever goes to banks? I mean, no one knows what he looks like. I'm sure he could get away with it if he wanted to."
"Okay, good," Sam says, though he still seems unconvinced. "Because Cas would definitely tell you to eat some pie if he was here."
CastieI and Charlie celebrate day one of a successful trial with a trip to the local ice cream parlor. It's a small one and he's pretty sure most people in the city have no idea it even exists, but that just means they get the building to themselves.
They lapse into silence again, and Jack goes back to cleaning his cuts. CastieI is left wondering once again whether or not he should get some alcohol out to clean them. He did enough stupid shit as a teenager to know how much alcohol on an open wound hurts, but he really doesn't want the kid to get an infection.
Castiel frowns. Dean doesn’t sound happy about that. He knew he wouldn’t, but it doesn’t make him feel any better hearing it. He just hopes Dean doesn’t get mad at Jack for it. The kid really doesn’t know any better.
The door is unlocked, so Jack has no problem getting inside. Castiel leans against the wall, out of sight from anyone in the room, and crosses his arms. This is probably the most nerve-wracking confrontation he’s had with Dean, right up there with the bank robbery. Back there he was worried about how Dean would react seeing him for the first time since he deserted his gang. Now he’s worried to see how Dean will react to him calling the cops’ attention to him. He’s honestly not sure which is a worse crime, and Dean won’t exactly have 13 years to cool off this time.
They've barely sat down when Castiel's phone vibrates, and he pulls it out to see not only an unfamiliar number, but an unfamiliar area code as well. If he thought he'd have time, he'd google the area code to decide whether it's worth answering. Though he supposes whoever owns the number may not live there anymore; it could be a local who moved from god-knows-where, so that wouldn’t help as much as he’d thought.
"Apparently I'm not the only one," Sam says, gesturing to him. "I mean, the trenchcoat? That's a very mature adult trenchcoat."
"I think I'm going to call his dad, too," CastieI says. "I know I told Jack I wouldn't, but he needs to know his son is safe." That was his biggest takeaway from today. They never would have been in this situation if Dean hadn't been out looking for the kid. He wants the Hunters to know what's happening tomorrow, too, just in case they don't make it out unharmed.
"Jack, Claire, and Alex, and you don't need to know," Dean replies, a hint of defiance in his voice. That's not what he's focused on.
Castiel purses his lips. He makes a better point than he knows. The letter is essentially just Castiel admitting that he sent the cops after the Hunters because of the Target shooting. It’s possible that Dean will see Castiel’s warning as a favor, for both Dean and the Hunters as a whole. It’s
A few months pass, and there's no sign of the Hunters anywhere. Dean doesn't stop by again. Jack doesn't run into him somewhere. They're off the hook for any major crime. It really feels like things are back to normal.
"Apparently I look a lot like a guy from some Target video?" Dean shrugs. "Didn't realize they were still looking for him. You learn something new every day."
The corners of Bobby’s mouth turn up just a little. “Who would've thought a Winchester would get old?"
when he was younger, but he’s never made it this far. Even with Gordon leading them, he’s still afraid he could get shot at any moment. He’d like to think the Vamps trust each other enough that they wouldn’t shoot the two men Gordon is escorting through the premises, but they’re not the most civilized group of people.
"If something happens tomorrow — and it won't, but, you know, if it does — what happens to Jack?" she asks.
“Yeah, gimme a sec!” Castiel calls back. He didn’t realize Jack knew when he leaves in the mornings. He wonders briefly whether the kid also knows when he comes home, and whether he watches the clock when it’s around time for him to come back. He really hopes he comes back at the normal time today. He really hopes he comes back at all today.
CastieI raises an eyebrow. "You were at McDonald's?" If he was going to eat out anywhere, he'd assumed it would be somewhere with higher-quality burgers.
Castiel elbows him to shut him up. It's not like she didn't know that, but he doesn't have to remind her. He has immunity from anything he did
Dean doesn't seem at all phased, though. "I know exactly what he was talking about, and he was wrong. The kid didn't kill them."
When that transaction is over, Sarah moves on to the next customer. Just as Nathan had said, this customer doesn’t bring anything to purchase, and with no warning that Castiel can see, he pulls out his gun and fires a few shots off at the ceiling. There’s no sound, but when Sarah opens her mouth, he knows it’s a scream.
CastieI lets out a long breath. In all honesty, Jack is the least of his concerns; he's more worried about how the
"Dean," Castiel whispers. It's supposed to be a warning; even to his own ears, it almost sounds like an invitation.
what he's done — the shootout behind the mall, for one — he could be going away for a long time. One slip-up could be the end for him.
He picks it up and unfolds it. There's a note written on it, hastily scrawled in capital letters. Castiel knows before he reads the signature that it's from Dean. The fact that it was written in all capital letters is a dead giveaway, but more importantly than that, it's a goddamn note that appeared in his locked house while he was at work. Who else would it be from?
As much as he hates to admit it, Dean has a point. As far as the Vamps are concerned, you can never be too careful around a cop. They're definitely going to check him for a wire to make sure he's there as a Hunter, not an officer.
at first; when he sees Castiel's face, he grins. He drops his feet back to the ground and raises his hand in a wave, the other one drooping below because, again, they're handcuffed together. He's not sure if Dean didn't think that through or if he just didn't care.
CastieI is a lot less nervous heading inside this time. He already knows what to expect. He already knows
Castiel nods. “His mother died during childbirth, but we were really close before then.” He’s always wondered if she would have survived had they brought her to a hospital. There’s no way to know for sure, but the question haunts him every time he thinks of her. “And his dad and I…” He shrugs halfheartedly. “He was one of my best friends. Not a day goes by that I don’t think of him.” And god, is that the truth. He would do anything to be able to see Lucifer again, to be able to talk to him whenever he wanted. He’s not sure he’ll ever get over the fact that he can’t do that anymore.
"Love you, too," Jack says. It's a casual remark and he clearly doesn't think much of it, but it means a lot to Castiel. It's something he can carry with him to get him through the day.
"And you're gonna get to put the Vamps in jail, too," Charlie adds. "That's a good thing! I wonder how many fewer missing persons cases we're gonna see with them out of the picture. You are saving lives, Cassie."
Castiel drops his duffel bag under his desk and readjusts the holster on his waist. He's ready in every way except emotional. Hopefully that's good enough, because he's out of time to prepare himself.
Despite all of this, Dean puts on a cheerful face when he’s with his friends and family, and though Sam had definitely been concerned before, by now, he seems to have moved on -- or, more likely, seems to think Dean has moved on. That’s not true in the slightest, but he won’t admit it aloud. He’s just glad to have some semblance of normalcy now.
the root of the problem, though in no way Jack's fault. "You lost one of yours; I lost two of mine. I suppose that makes us even."
That's an impressively close estimate of how long he's been here. They're legally required to let him go after 48 hours if they don't have anything on him, though with the weapons charge, Castiel's not sure that applies. He opts not to mention it.
interesting tactic. Who's he going to pin it on? Or is he teasing her, just so he can say he won't tell her who it was? It would have been a hell of a lot easier to just pretend he didn't know who killed the guys, but he must have some idea what he's doing.
CastieI is a little reluctant to leave Jack home alone on Monday. Even with his crutches that help him get around on his own, he's still not
A flash of movement over Benny’s shoulder catches Dean’s attention. It’s subtle, a small flash of tan in the distance. Dean makes a point of not looking over there. This isn’t the first time he’s seen something like this in the last few days, but he’s gotten better at not acknowledging it. Sam’s convinced he’s lost his mind and chasing ghosts is definitely not helping his case.
The toilet flushes, the sink runs (if he stepped on his foot to get there…) and then it's silent. Castiel waits for the all-clear to help him out.
Without warning, a gun goes off from behind them, hitting Castiel in the back. He lets out a yelp and stumbles forward, his grip on the old man loosening out of instinct. This isn’t the first time he’s been shot while wearing a bulletproof vest, but having experience doesn’t make it any easier. The metal may not have penetrated his skin, but it hit him hard.
“Hey, Ash,” Sam says. He walks over and offers him a hand, which Ash takes to pull himself to his feet.
He hates the thought that there are some people who will never be here. He'll never see Benny. He'll never see Crowley. He'll never see Garth. Just about anyone supernatural is lost forever. The only exceptions — he assumes, at least; he hasn't been here long enough to know for sure — are the celestials, those who can come and go as they please: people like Jack and…
illegal about not kicking my nephew out of my house," Castiel hisses. "But, by all means, my brother is welcome to come down to the station and press charges. I'm sure that will go over
CastieI stares at them. "You really waited through half the movie just to point out that she's pregnant? As if that hadn't been established forever-and-a-half ago?"
Charlie scoops up some ice cream and points her spoon at him. "If we weren't in a respectable establishment, I would fling this at you. I just want you to know that."
"Things are starting to make a lot more sense now," she tells him. "So what did Sam want? I'm assuming he didn't just call to catch up."
"The old man knew Dean Winchester would come and he knew he wouldn't come alone," Gordon says. "I know this isn't exactly what any of us were expecting, but I don't think he’d take kindly to turning them away without talking to him first."
It's the last chorus, and Charlie is screaming the background vocals very loudly (which would be annoying had it been actual words, but it's even worse with just
That doesn’t make him any less excited when he and Charlie get a call from Jody half an hour before their shift ends about a murder at the local Target.
Castiel heads back to the living room, where Jack has made himself comfortable on the couch and is scrolling through Netflix for something to watch. He looks up when Castiel returns and waves at him, a smile on his face. He’s just so freaking adorable.
much trouble if Jody hears about this. It's not like there's much he can do about it now, though, so he reluctantly takes a seat by Dean's side. He sits up straight, every muscle in his body tensed. Dean is much more casual; he puts an arm around Castiel's shoulders and leans against him, almost
The last option had been more of a sarcastic take on the situation, but when he realizes the sounds he hears from above appear to be sobs, he actually starts to take that one seriously. He has absolutely no idea what to expect and he knows he won’t be a welcome surprise, but maybe if whoever up there is a Hunter, they can tell Dean about these letters when they get the chance. And if it’s not a Hunter, as long as they’re not in another gang, he can probably just leave the letters here anyway.
"You know, he's more upset about his bike than anything," CastieI says. "I'm sure he'll be up and at 'em tomorrow. He's a tough dude."
Ben takes a slice of coffee cake and puts it in the same container as the lemon loaf cake. “Anything else?”
The first few minutes of the ride are dead silent. Every now and then, Castiel glances over at his partner or in the rearview mirror at Dean. Occasionally Charlie meets his eye and gives him a small reassuring smile, which Castiel returns only as long as she can see it. Meanwhile, Dean doesn’t even look at him once. Sometimes he stares out the window; other times his gaze is on his hands, fidgeting in his lap.
Castiel almost wants to inform them that it's not, in fact, a very bad gang, but he decides against it. "
“Jack defeated God and took his power and his place,” Sam explains briefly. Seeing the confused looks he gets, he adds, “It was a whole big thing.”
," Castiel says. "It barely grazed me." Now that the initial shock has worn off, he’s decided his back hurts far more than his arm does. The burning sensation of an open wound may be more painful, but the large scale of what he’s sure is soon to be his very-bruised back feels worse.
Sam and Dean share a hug before heading over to see Castiel and Charlie. Dean leans against the wall and crosses his arms, his lips pressed into a firm line. Clearly he isn’t going to play nice, but his brother is.
hugged them, but it used to be indicative of something big going on. Sometimes hugs would come with apologies; sometimes they would come with goodbyes that may never have another hello. But a hug just for the sake of a hug? That’s not how his dad usually operates.
Jody turns to go. As she's opening the door, she murmurs to Castiel a sarcastic, "Charmer, isn't he?"
"I've kind of figured out by now that you don't trust me with most of this shit," Charlie says, "so if you don't want to tell me, that's fine, I'll make up my own stories, but can I just ask a question real quick?"
Charlie is passed out on the living room couch, her arm thrown carelessly over her head with a big chunk of hair in her mouth. Dean bites back a laugh. Even asleep, she's still adorable.
Castiel is fully aware that this is only one side of the story and that it may just be a classic case of an unreliable narrator, but from what Jack says, it really does sound like the Vamps started it. And, though he doesn't say it, it also sounds like he and Claire finished it — there were two other dead bodies on the scene, and Castiel hopes to god it was the Vamps. After what they did to Alex, they deserved it.
you’re gonna have to wait and see on,” Dean says. In a mockingly reassuring voice, he adds, “But don’t worry. You won’t have to wait long to get your just desserts.”
know what happened?” Charlie asks. “You’ve been really keeping me in the dark about… well, everything -- and I promise I won’t get mad.”
"No, I don't think I will," Castiel says, though he knows Dean is right. With a small, almost nervous smile, he asks, "So, does this mean you're not mad at me anymore?"
thought he was gone for all that.” He puts an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and puts their heads together. “He loves me too much to leave.”
you say," Jody says. "Anything that gets him to even hint at his involvement with anything. Ryan and Esposito can take it from there. You just have to get him talking. If you treat him like you're a friend, not a cop, maybe he'll drop his guard."
"Well, I do!" Charlie forcefully turns him around to look at her, and he crosses his arms. "What do you think would have happened if I hadn't told her and she found out later? She would have been
“And what else have you been up to?” Dean asks, a little more accusatory than he should be but he just can’t help it. “You know, other than staring at me from a thousand feet away and making me think I’m losing my mind when no one else but Benny can see you?”
Dean sighs dramatically. "I'm still looking for my pseudo-son. That's the last place I know he was going."
"Well, would you look at that?" Castiel gently closes the door behind him. "Dean Winchester in handcuffs. What a sight to behold."
The two brothers walk up the front steps, and, after taking one last moment to prepare himself, Dean rings the doorbell. He clasps his hands in front of him as he waits for someone to get the door, just waiting to see how this will play out.
winked at the camera. He knows people are looking for him, and he’s going to lay low for a few weeks until this blows over. No one’s gonna catch him
Castiel runs a hand through his hair. “You know what? I’m not really up for poker. I think I’m just gonna go.” He should’ve known this wasn’t going to work out. Too much has changed.
"So much has changed, though," Castiel says. "We're not kids anymore. Hell, you pretty much have your own kids — one of which would probably kick me in the balls if she thought she could get away with it."
Dean runs a hand down one of the trees — a birch tree that's a bit shorter than the trees around it, though no less beautiful. A sheet of bark floats down to the ground, and the wind carries it away, never to be seen again.
"A few times," Castiel says, trying to keep his answer vague enough that Charlie doesn't piece anything together. "I probably won’t again, though, if that's what you mean."
what he meant when he declined the first time, but he supposes his somewhat-passive-aggressive note wasn't necessarily obvious enough in that regard. Or, of course, Dean might be entirely aware that Castiel doesn't want to meet with him and is ignoring that fact anyway, which is admittedly a very Dean thing to do.
“Oh, I don’t know, babe,” Dean says. “Maybe you’ll get lucky and he’ll ask for a demonstration. I know
"They found me at McDonald's, actually," Dean says. "Didn't even let me finish my fries." He clicks his tongue. "Not the nicest guys, I'll tell you that."
"I don't give a damn what he wanted; you should have brought him home," Dean says. "You know damn well that the police don't give a shit about people like us. Getting your partner involved —"
"Dead," Claire deadpans. She waits just long enough for Sam to try to formulate a coherent response before she laughs. "No, I'm totally messing with you. I've been doing great! It only took 60 years but I finally get to see my parents again!"
get in legal trouble. He's sure he's hindered a few investigations at the very least — Target, for one -- but he'd like to think Jody wouldn't press charges for it.
Dean makes a passive-aggressive show of removing his hands. He's still fuming, but at least he's not yelling. "You should have
"I, um…" He runs a hand over his face. A glance at his brother shows Sam looking just as confused as Dean feels, if for a completely different reason. Dean can't explain what he’s thinking -- what he’s
The two just look at each other, and Dean narrows his eyes, silently daring Cas to explain what the hell he’s been up to.
"I'm — I'm fine," Dean says, but it falls flat even to his own ears. He forces a smile and tries again. "Aces."
"So he went to the guy he knew wouldn't do a goddamn thing?" Dean asks. He grits his teeth. "Your redhead wasn't there, was she? That was just to get me out of there?"
"Oh." Castiel looks down at them uncertainly. While he doesn't necessarily approve of armed robbery, he can see where the guy’s coming from.
"Okay, Jack…" Castiel puts a hand on his shoulder. "Take a deep breath. You sound like you're about to pass out."
"Well, fuck, huh?" Dean says, though he doesn't really seem to care. He clicks his tongue, his eyes lighting up as an idea occurs to him. "You know what we should do?"
"Look," Castiel says, "I asked you to leave before you got in too deep and you refused. Well. congratu-fucking-lations, you've now seen what it looks like to get in too deep. If you don't want to deal with it, you know where the door is."
"Apparently not," Castiel says. "I'd like to think I've learned my lesson, but I don't know if I believe it."
… idea. It does seem a little overly-paranoid, though.” He looks up at Dean. “I never thought of you as the type of fear the cops -- especially enough to need an inside man.” He’s clearly skeptical, and probably for good reason. Dean wouldn’t have dreamed of sending one of the Hunters to become a cop 14 years ago when Castiel left. If this is the timeline they’re working with -- and there isn’t much of an alternative -- he has every reason to question it.
"Well," he says, "my parents died when I was a kid, so I spent most of my middle school years on the streets with my brothers. When I was 13, Dean Winchester took us under his wing.
Castiel puts his hand down on the cushion to make sure all the blood on it has dried before he sits down by Jack's side. He has a feeling he'll fall asleep pretty soon, especially because he just watched this the night before, but he'd like to think Jack is doing well enough that it won't cause any problems.
Castiel reaches into his pocket, and he lets out a sigh of relief when his hand curls around the flooded-up piece of paper. He still has his letter from his brothers. It’s
"Are you here to tell me the cops are after me?" Dean asks. "You're obviously not here for a social call, and I figure my recent triumphs have been right up your alley — and not in a good way."
her because she's your friend," Jack says. "Not 'cause she's a cop, though, but I'm willing to overlook that."
He shakes his head. "Dean always says he's gonna make me watch them, and then every time we have a movie night, he picks one of the movies we've already watched a million times instead."
Castiel bites his lip. Talk about shitty timing. "I just wanted to let you know that I got home okay. I, uh…" He eyes Dean cautiously. The man just turns off the TV, then looks up at him with a stupid fucking smile on his face. He’s up to something, which means what Castiel says to his friend next is probably not a good idea. "I think I'm gonna take a nap — you know, long day and all — but I'll pick you up tomorrow?"
"They're doing pretty good," Claire says. "I mean, they don't pray anymore or whatever and my dad will never wear a trench coat again, but otherwise it's a lot like it was growing up."
"Yeah, he was," CastieI says, though three years old isn't quite a baby so much as a toddler. "It's complicated."
Dean chuckles. “You’re not the only one.” That was one of the plus-sides about those last couple of weeks he had on Earth. He and Sam didn’t have to save the world anymore; they could just hunt. It was nice to take on some lowkey monsters for once.
CastieI nods. "You're a good kid, Jack, and there are so many people who love you. It doesn't matter what you think you've done or how responsible you think you are. You can always count on your family to be there for you." Castiel learned that firsthand.
Castiel glances down at Charlie, who gulps. However freaked she is, he has a feeling he's got it worse.
Castiel awkwardly hugs him back. He should probably enjoy this while it lasts. He's not sure Lucifer's going to be too happy with him after this. Between stealing Jack away and inadvertently getting Dean arrested, there’s a lot to talk about that will probably turn his brother against him.
Castiel doesn't respond for a few moments. He's not entirely sure he knows how to. What type of answer is she looking for?
"See," Dean says, choosing that moment to reappear, a fold-up chair on each arm, "that's what a self-respecting ex-gang member
Dean shrugs. "I'm game." It'll be nice to see Jody again, and he hasn't seen her family in years — though he's not quite sure their first and last meeting counts, what with them both being dead and/or a zombie at the time.
CastieI grimaces. He hasn't mentioned his brothers to Charlie yet. He has a feeling they're going to ask about that. Instead of mentioning that, he just says, "Well, go remind them of all the stupid shit
"He's doing good," Jack says. His face lights up and he reaches into his pocket. "I completely forgot!"
to say. The cops never knew what Dean looked like. Even at the bank robbery, Dean was smart enough to kill the camera before it caught sight of him. With all the shit Dean’s pulled, it’s not fair that it’s his decision to fucking
"On the bright side," she says, "he's not a criminal anymore. Maybe you could…" She bounces her eyebrows.
Jack takes out his phone and, after tapping a few times, hands it to him. He’s in the middle of an existing note, which Castiel supposes makes sense. That’s an easy way to hide it. Castiel types his phone number and his address with no other context, then hands the phone back.
There's a shape on the second floor, only visible by the moonlight streaming through the window. CastieI rests his finger on the trigger.
Castiel chuckles. He might as well play along while the limo's still here. He's sure it's only a matter of time until they go their separate ways. "I hope it's Ryan Reynolds. I know he's married and all but I would totally tap that."
He pulls up beside the apartment building Dean had referenced earlier. It's just as fucked up as usual. No one even tries to fix the windows or clean the graffiti anymore. The lock on the front door has been busted since he was in high school; he just walks right in. He's vaguely aware that this is trespassing, but in his defense, he's trespassing on property that no one gives two shits about anymore.
he should leave, he finds himself hesitating. That was such a shitty apology and it doesn't sound genuine in the slightest, but…
"There's a hell of a lot more to it than Dean's possibly-chargeable criminal offenses." Every moment he spends with Dean brings him just a little closer to the Hunters, and, consequently, a little further from the police. The two aren't exactly compatible. He doesn't want to fall down that rabbit hole and lose the life he's worked so hard to build.
"I'd always been told the only way a human and a vampire could spend eternity together was if the human was turned," Benny remarks. "Leave it to Castiel to break that law of nature, too."
"Jack," Castiel says quietly, and the boy reluctantly raises his gaze to meet his. "You don't have to mourn alone. I promise, people care. Your dad told me himself — err,
Charlie nods slowly. "Yeah, 'cause you thought Dean was gonna be pissed if you knew someone was leaving and didn't tell him. Why?"
Castiel looks back at Jody. Is this official, then? She'll probably have to talk to the DA's office first (and they might need a warrant?) but he has a feeling the biggest obstacle in the way was just getting Jody and Dean to agree on something.
"It'll feel like that at first," Castiel says, "but then you'll move on. You'll make something new for yourself, and you and them will be just fine."
Castiel turns around to find the source of the voice. Sitting with his legs hanging out of a second-floor window with what appears to be a rifle sticking up next to him is a very familiar face, if a lot older than it was the last time they met. It’s been a long time since he’s seen Gordon Walker. The guy was only a teenager when Dean gave him the boot from the Hunters for harassing little Sammy. He’d heard rumors that Gordon had become a Vamp, but this is the first he’s seen it for himself.
Castiel sighs. "Look, I know this looks… weird… but I haven't talked to Sam in years. He had a question about what was going on, I answered it, that's all you need to know." He reaches for the key to start the engine, but his friend grabs his wrist and stops him.
Jack clears his throat, and when both adults look at him, he just asks a quiet, "Cas, can you go get me something to drink? I think I'm dehydrated from, you know, bleeding everywhere."
Lucifer cocks his head to the side. Castiel had thought he'd be pissed that he kept that secret for so long; instead he just looks confused. "But… why?"
“Yeah, I do,” Castiel gushes, and he presses a kiss to Dean’s cheek to make his point. Thank god the cops can only get audio; it’s embarrassing enough without them seeing what’s going on.
"So you don't understand how this could be considered a conflict of interest?" Jody asks, and a rhetorical question has never sounded so calmly hostile.
Castiel scowls. "Fine. You're never going to find them anyway; he'll make sure of it. The whole case is a dead end."
to get in and see Dean," he says, his tone instantly changing from friendly to annoyed, "but apparently I can't do that."
CastieI can tell the fit is the least of his problems — it's not like he's wearing either of the other two rings he took from the bank — but he doesn't protest. If Dean will let him keep the ring, he's going to keep the ring.
Castiel chuckles and looks down at the floor as if Dean was embarrassing him in front of the Vamps. In reality, Dean is just embarrassing him in front of the cops, but that ship has long sailed. “Oh, stop it.”
Charlie definitely sees the look on his face, and for a few seconds, she hesitates. Ultimately, it's the impatient look on the chief's face that wins out, because she says a quiet, "I think so."
Dean gently puts a hand on her shoulder. "I'm sorry you got wrapped up in this. But for what it's worth, I think you're a great kid. You're gonna be fine; it's just gonna take time."
Castiel shrugs half-heartedly. "I devolved with them, I guess. I didn't think I had much of a choice.” He forces himself to perk up as he adds, “And then one day I left; took some money, bought myself a college education, and now here I am."
"I've been telling you to do that since Friday," Charlie reminds him, "so no objection here. Just don't let the Hunters jeopardize the mission."
They head their separate ways, and Dean makes a mental note to come back to get his pie later when he can bring it straight home. He and Claire chat on the way over, mostly small talk as Dean drives them a few streets over.
CastieI doesn't dignify that with a response. He takes off his trench coat and suit jacket and drapes them over the back of a chair.
Dean looks over at the car that’s pulled over to the side of the road, ready to give the driver a peace of his mind. That plan changes when he sees a little redhead peak her face out of the driver’s side window.
"No, he mentioned you once in passing but that was it," Sam says. "Sam says. “You know the Vamps are going to kill you, right?”
"Exactly," Sam says, looking pointedly at his brother. "Cas was God once, too, remember? If anyone knows how easily power can get to someone's head, it's him. Can you blame him for spending so much time with him?"
It seems Dean isn't the only one to recognize a familiar face, because just moments after he realizes who it is, Benny waves. The movement is big enough that Dean has no doubt it was directed at him, and the fact that Benny's still heading his way is enough for Dean to know that he's not interrupting anything.
"No, you're not in trouble," Jody says. "All things considered, I think today went fairly well. I think it goes without saying that you're taking tomorrow off to rest up. I'm sure once the adrenaline wears off, you're going to need the break."
"Well, if you change your mind," Lucifer says, "next Thursday, seven o'clock. We'll be here." It's clear in his voice that he doesn't expect anything to come of that, but the fact that he offers anyway means a lot.
Jody smiles, and CastieI can tell she wants to laugh. "Absolutely nothing." She nods once as a farewell of sorts before walking out of the room.
. Dean still doesn’t trust him. He flat-out admitted it. Shouldn’t he be a little more wary about inviting a cop back into the fold? He’s eager to have him back but wouldn’t even let Jack talk about what was bothering him. This doesn’t seem particularly well-thought-out.
Castiel folds that letter up as well and slips it in another envelope, which he labels "Luci." He takes one more piece of paper and rips the top half off. This might be counter-productive, drawing Dean's attention to it like that, but if it leaves less of a chance of Dean throwing these letters out in their entirety.
"How would they —" Dean cuts himself off when he figures it out. "Did you tell them about Jack, too?"
"Oh, yay!" Jack beams. "I like Charlie. I don't know why Dean doesn't." He pauses. "At least I think he was talking about them. He didn't say their name or anything."
making him regret leaving the Hunters all those years ago. He can't change the past, but he'll make the most of his future —
She pulls up the footage and skims through until she finds the right time stamp. From this angle, it’s impossible to see who’s at the other self-checkout registers, but register one is in plain sight, as is Nathan, who walks in and out of the frame as he paces back and forth. The first minute or so is just the cashier -- Sarah, apparently -- ringing up a mother with her two kids running in and out of the frame. Sarah gives them each a row of stickers, and they seem overjoyed.
"We can both have the couch!" Jack moves his pillows from under his foot over to the coffee table, and he rotates himself so he only takes up one couch cushion instead of three. "See, now you can sit, too!"
"If I call him from your phone, he's gonna start asking questions," Jack says. "I don't think I want to talk to him until we're ready to leave — are we still doing that? Going to California?"
it like?" Dean asks. "I mean, Cas, I don't even know why you left. I have no idea what I did wrong —"
Castiel feels a little weird standing in the middle of the hall, so he walks over to the desk, where he's sure they're annoying the shit out of the receptionist but at least they're out of everyone else's way. Charlie follows him, and if he weren't afraid it would sound like a demand, he'd assure her she didn't have to stick around.
"Owen," Dean repeats quietly, a small smile on his lips. He hadn't even thought about Owen. For the longest time, Jody's been the adoptive mother of two teenage girls. Sometimes he forgets that before Alex and Claire, Jody had her own son.
He's never going to forgive himself for not telling him sooner, but he's going to fix it. It's going to be the first thing he says next time he sees Cas. Of course, that's entirely dependent on if he ever sees Cas again, which is starting to look less and less likely every day, but he still has at least a little hope.
Benny just chuckles, completely unphased. Castiel had a feeling that would be the extent of a reaction he got. He turns the safety back on and tucks his gun back in his holster. He catches a glimpse of a small smile on Claire’s face for the briefest moment.
Castiel shrugs. "I'd take the boring life of a bank-visiting cop over that of a gang leader any day."
CastieI hesitates. Deep down, he'd already known that was true, but it was easier to pretend it wasn't before anyone had said it out loud.
