“M’head hurts,” he said, the adrenalin already beginning to leave him as a sense of exhaustion settled into his bones.
" Thor called jovially to them as they reached the ramp, his deckchair in place and the multicoloured parasol shading only his face from the suns rays.
“She’s fine,” Steve quickly reassured, taking another step closer to Tony. “She lives with her husband in Manhattan. But you remember what she told you? She won’t see you again until you agree to take the medication prescribed to you. It’ll help you distinguish between reality and these make-believe fantasy worlds you invent,” Steve was standing right in front of him now, voice holding only the truth.
“Do you mind, I was in the middle of something,” Doctor Traveller snapped, as if Clint had interrupted him while having a business lunch rather than screwing around with Tony’s mind.
Steve ignored the small amount of embarrassment he felt at having left her standing awkwardly beside them without introducing her, Clint had the ability to distract people into childish insults with little effort.
“Jarvis,” Tony began quietly, eyes darting over to Miss Mac who was studiously staring out the large window.
Darcy’s method of coping with the stress of everything had been to bake her worries away. Needless to say, after the seventh batch of cupcakes and the third tray of cookies, Tony had been sick of sugar and waited until she was asleep before he packed them in containers and sent it all to the local Youth Centre. He was pretty sure after their fifth delivery in as many days, even the workers, who had originally been enthusiastically thankful for the tasty donation, were starting to get strained smiles. His mind ticked over what else he could send them to break up the sweets, possibly a few fruit baskets and some premium steaks.
“It’s… It’s a pretty big decision to just suddenly come out with,” she finally said, a small frown still on her face.
Rogers… in a situation where death seemed pretty fucking immanent, Tony could admit that despite the fact he was fairly certain Rogers hated him and the man had hit him right where it verbally hurt, Tony still thought he was crazy hot. That, and Rogers seemed to actually, genuinely be trying to do what was right, which was pretty rare these days.
,” Nick snapped, clearly done with his dose of outlaw justice for now. “You should think of getting out of Aquamarine before Stone realises something is wrong and has his men searching for you.”
The look she shot him said she was thinking the same thing and wasn’t convinced that his presence and ability to attract all the attention in a room would be enough to cover the other Avengers potential screw-ups.
Once Pepper had realised that Tony must have been captured, things had progressed quickly with no time for explanations. Steve was proud of his crew for jumping into action, especially when they’d had to rely on Pepper’s information and guesses as to what had happened.
There was a brief pause of movement, wherein Steve wondered if Tony would protest, say it was none of their business and to butt out. But, he eventually ducked his head slightly, conceding defeat as he rolled fluidly to his feet and began dragging the deck chair back up the ramp and into the ship’s cargo hold.
“Well, if they’re so bad, let’s just go in, wipe them out quickly, and then we can be back home in time for dinner,” Steve said, pulling on his cowl and adjusting his grip on the shield. Tony sent him a grin.
With so many curious people under one roof, Tony wasn’t sure how long his secret about Maria Stark would stay hidden.
“Maybe,” Tony allowed, fighting the small smile trying to break over his face as Steve gave his shoulder a gentle squeeze.
Giving the metal in his hands one last look, frustration and anger filling him, Tony walked towards where Jarvis stood at the entrance to the lounge room, holding out the scrap metal when he was close enough.
With a great heave, he pushed his hips up and managed to unseat Obie where he was perched above him. The older man let out a surprised grunt and released Tony’s wrists in order to catch himself and prevent his face from connecting with the tile.
Steve was about to say something when Tony suddenly jerked, hand moving from the wound to cover the blue light in his chest as his eyes snapped to Steve’s, body tensing defensively.
“I guess… I can ask Jarvis to get you some with princesses or ballerinas on them next time? You like them, don’t you?” Tony asked, uncertain. Darcy was always changing her mind about what she did and didn’t like, it made it tricky to keep up with her favourite things from week to week.
“You’re always doing something you shouldn’t. And don’t you dare open that!” she added, and he froze, hand an inch from the oven door.
“I’m just finishing up, Tony,” Bruce said soothingly, pressing the Dermal Mender over the tender, pink skin once more.
Steve was just happy when they made it to the ship without incident, or seeing any of his crew along the way.
“Oh? Why’s that?” Tony cocked an eyebrow at the large man, and Steve determinedly looked around at the food stalls so as not to catch Tony’s eye.
“What kinda ship is it?” Tony called out from behind where Steve had been reaching for his own space suit.
“Doesn’t look like anyone’s here. Let’s go back to the ship and get everyone ready to come over and scavenge what we can,” Steve said, turning back to Thor and allowing his gun to fall harmlessly to his side.
“He took the StarkPlayer, Tony! My StarkPlayer! Is nothing sacred to those government agent swindlers?”
“Apparently, it’s brooding,” Jane said, eyes firmly locked on the scientific journal on the table before her, but Tony knew the woman was smiling.
“Here we go,” Bruce muttered, raising his own mug to cover the fond smile stretching across his face.
God, Steve really must have done something good in another life to deserve this. Not wasting another moment, Steve climbed onto the couch between Tony’s legs, unscrewing the cap of the lube as he did so. Squeezing out a generous amount onto his fingers, he placed the tube on Tony’s sternum, amused despite himself at the action, before delivering another quick, hard kiss to Tony’s panting mouth.
“Bye, Darcy,” he smiled slightly as she cut the connection before swivelling around on his stool to face Pepper again.
The third time had been just after Darcy was born. People were still talking about his mothers’ death, according to the magazines and tabloids, and Tony had yet to see his father since the day he’d walked out the door after bringing Darcy home. He had been playing with a beautiful handcrafted train set given to him by his Uncle Obie for his birthday, when two men had broken into the mansion and grabbed him right off the floor. Honestly, Tony didn’t remember much after that. Something sharp piercing the skin in the crook of his elbow and a hazy memory of a wooden chair before a lumpy bed. He’d woken up a week later in his own bed and no adults had been particularly forthcoming with information about what had happened in the blank spaces of his memory.
“I’m afraid I don’t know to what you are referring, Sir,” the AI’s voice was unusually innocent sounding.
“Yes, he’s been with us for a few months now,” Natasha said, however Steve could see how she’d suddenly realised there was more than friendly curiosity in Pepper’s tone.
Steve stood, stretching as he did so, before turning and taking Tony’s hands, pulling him to his feet as well. He lent down and collected their mugs as Tony stood yawning beside him, then he curled his arm around his waist and led the way back towards the cider table.
“Would you rather Captain America or robots?” he asked, quietly hoping that she chose the robots as he loved his Captain America band aids.
“I’d ask who you all were, but you’re kinda famous now. So, hi, I’m Darcy Stark,” she gave a wave of her own, before her eyes suddenly landed on Bruce.
“How’d you find this?” Tony asked as they stepped inside, the small bell above the door letting out a pleasant chime to announce their entrance.
If everyone jumped slightly when, ten minutes later, Tony let out a sudden, happy cry and rambled off a complicated formula only Bruce would have any hope of understanding before he took off for the elevator, not even bothering to dry his hands off. Well, Pepper did say this was completely normal and now most of the dishes had been cleaned.
She took the robotic dog from him, holding it as gently and carefully to her chest as if it were a real puppy and not a puppy sized metal robot. The robotic dog reacted to her touch and its ears moved forward like a dog who perked its ears, tail starting to wag from side to side with the accompanied sound of the machine parts moving.
“Who invite you? Eh? Mind your own business,” the seller snapped, shoulders hunching up defensively.
“Yeah, I was surprised as well. Turns out all his talk of other realms and Midgard - which is apparently what his people call Earth - wasn’t so much fiction as fact. He left in this weird tunnel of light, sort of like beam me up Scotty, but more badass,” Darcy waved her hand as she spoke, like the idea of Star Trek wasn’t even on the same level as the stuff she’d actually witnessed.
Tony waved him off absentmindedly as he pulled a small pouch of credits from a pocket and shook a few into his hand before passing them over to the vendor, looking almost as pleased as the salesman when he picked up a small rectangle with wires loosely hanging from the bottom.
That was why he had to do something about it. What if they went after Darcy next? She’d never do well in a situation like this. She couldn’t even offer technical expertise as a safeguard against these people. Tony had heard stories, horrible stories of unspeakable actions committed against women who became captives of terrorists. If they ever got their hands on her… What if whoever had betrayed him decided that just one Stark wasn’t enough, what if they decided to have Darcy kidnapped also?
“Captain Rogers, might I remind you that the Avengers Initiative is a part of SHIELD?” Fury gritted back.
Before Tony could launch into some babble about who knew what, Steve lent forward and pressed another kiss to Tony’s lips.
Steve sat with one leg bent, an arm resting on it with his mug of cider held carefully so it wouldn’t spill. Tony sat beside him, body angled mostly towards him and a knee brushing against his hip every time either of them shifted.
The ship was too close for them to try and escape it like they had last time. It was also a Skiff, specifically designed for speed over distance, making The Avenger easy prey for it.
Out of the shadows, Tony felt relief wash over him at the sight of his own personal hero, Steve, bow still in hand from where he had let forth the arrow to kill the monster.
Perhaps he should have been more forthright with his own history? He was sure Tony had some inkling that Steve had been a soldier once upon a time due to certain comments Tony made, or the way his mouth quirked at Steve’s military discipline.
“Well, you wouldn’t remember to water it if you were left to your own devices,” Steve said, not the least worried about offending Tony, his own answering smile curving his lips, a fair amount of relief shining in his eyes.
“‘Scuse me, I seem to remember it was someone else who was causin’ us all the problems just a little while ago?” Clint snorted loudly.
It was the sight of Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, standing at the kitchen sink muttering away to himself, a pile of waiting dishes keeping him company, that stunned everyone.
Curious, Steve crouched beside the bag and pulled out one of the sparkling items, only to almost drop it in surprise a moment later.
Tony happily didn’t pay him any mind, far more interested in bending and twisting Clint’s wrist to see how he needed to lengthen a small strap here and make the clasp smaller so it wouldn’t ding into the archers’ palm when he bent his wrist at an 81’ angle. He was idly contemplating the idea of doing a series of braces in increasingly ridiculous colours for a laugh, when a voice that wasn’t one of the Avengers broke through his thoughts.
“I don’t suppose any of your ‘work’ is the specs for the new Starkphone that were meant to be finished last Friday?” she asked, eyebrow raised and arms crossed.
“What’s goin’ on?” Tony asked as he came towards them from down another hallway, looking a little worse for ware and totting a cart of machinery he’d obviously liberated from the engine room.
“Important,” he patted Bruce’s chest again before letting his arm fall back onto the operating chair, apparently finished with his ‘I told you so’ for now.
“Yeah, no, that’s a problem, Captain,” Tony’s voice had taken on a tension Steve hadn’t heard before and he tore his eyes away from the Skiff ship to look at the man beside him.
Tony was so busy playfully pushing away the happily beeping bot, Darcy’s laughter back in full force as it filled the workshop, that he completely missed the entrance of his newest employee.
“Pep, Pepper, my darling,” Tony grinned, finding unending amusement in the calm facade he knew was hiding a wealth of irritation.
“I’ll fix you right up, just hold on,” Tony continues, finally taking the compression core he had been holding and fixing it into place within the engine, hands familiar and nimble as they connected wires and slid bits and pieces around.
“So, what you’re saying is that the Hulk…” the man glanced away with a mirthless smile. “The other guy saved my life? That’s nice. It’s a nice sentiment. Saved it for what?”
“No,” she shook her head. “This is you feeling guilty and jumping on the plan which results in the most immediate action. You just about gave Pepper a heart attack when she came in before, and now she’s upstairs ranting to Jarvis about the bullet holes,” her eyes narrowed on the pieces of armour she could see about the room. Tony winced, remembering Pepper’s look of shock when she’d seen them when he’d first arrived back from taking out that syndicate in Afghanistan.
“Thank you so much!” she looked up at him with a huge grin on her face before darting in for a quick hug, the dog held carefully to the side so that it wouldn’t be crushed between them.
"Clint-" Steve began, but Tony suddenly pulled on his hand, causing him to stumble into the man's chest.
“Hey, Jane,” Darcy said, coming to a stop and glancing back to make sure that Steve and Tony had followed her.
This weapons business stopped - immediately. He was going to be a man she would be proud to call her brother and, even if Tony could never wash the blood off his hands, he would prevent it from staining hers. He would track down all the weapons that had gone astray and destroy them, and whoever had them. He’d find out who had betrayed him, sold him out to the enemy, and hold them accountable for the innocent lives that had died because of their greed. Then, when he had found every last weapon, he’d dedicate the rest of his life to making amends for his selfishness.
A large, fat man suddenly sat down in the seat before Steve, momentarily blocking his view of Tony and causing him to curse quietly. The man gave him an unimpressed look and grunted as though asking if Steve wanted to make something of it, but the Captain moved himself before he drew any more attention. Instead, he leaned against one of the screens placed around the room, creating a sense of privacy for those who wanted to conduct a bit of business with their drink.
“Keep an eye out while we’re gone,” Steve said quietly to her, eyes flicking up to where Tony was leaning against the catwalk railing, Bruce next to him. From what Steve could tell, the mechanic had made it his personal mission to annoy the crap out of the good doctor.
“I know,” he nodded, before returned to staring at the town. He didn’t need Natasha reminding him that he had done the right thing.
“I need a lot of food to get started in the morning. This if my first breakfast, pancakes are the second, and maybe some fruit or something for my third,” Clint mused, before shoving a huge spoonful of cereal into his mouth.
Steve knew Thor wasn’t wrong. Stuttgart was famous for having a lot of items for sale, maybe even half of them were legal. If the dwarf planet had been located closer to the Core Planets, where the Universal Security Council liked to patrol and arrest anyone who even hinted at illegal activities, then its vendors and buys would be locked up on a jail moon before they had time to even think of escape. Of course, if the place had been swarming with USC soldiers, Steve would have avoided it as he had no desire to end up in a cell himself. The flimsy cover that The Avenger crew used as curriers and cargo transportation would only hold up under scrutiny for so long. Being accused of smuggling and other illegal actives would be more than enough to get each member of his crew assigned their own minimalistic 6x8’ft cell.
“It’ll be okay, Darcy, I promise.” It didn’t matter what Tony had to do, he’d make sure that Darcy was alright.
everything is now. How I should embrace all the consumerist crap that you all submerge yourselves in - constantly! I hate having blinking lights everywhere I look, and the constant need for stimulation is oppressive and exhausting. I don’t understand why you need so many machines in every room of the house. I don’t care if you say they make your life easier, it just makes you lazier! You don’t need a toothbrush that does the job for you, you don’t need music shoved in your ears every second of every day, and I don’t know who in God’s name thought it was a good idea to put a machine in a toilet - but it’s ridiculous!” His face was screwed up into a mix of horrified and disgusted, an angry flush staining his cheeks.
“As good as it can be for now,” Steve muttered, arm once more reaching for Tony and wrapping around his waist.
He wasn’t sure how long he laid prone on the chaise, but the sound of shoes approaching him caused him to push himself up so that he was more slumped than collapsed against the minimally comfortable piece of furniture, as his eyes finally began to clear enough for him to make out the nightmare brought to life before him.
Steve snorted himself, unconcerned with offending Thor as he launched into the familiar tale of the lady he had once had a romantic entanglement with that had ended abruptly when the government had caught wind that Thor wasn’t a simple merchant like he’d said he was. According to Thor, he would one day return for Jane, and she had promised to wait for him. However, from the various other stories Thor had told them about Jane, Steve was inclined to believe that Jane would one day just show up, having tracked down Thor when she’d gotten fed up with waiting.
to use your stupid modern technology to read my fucking news!” Steve suddenly yelled, standing up abruptly and sending his chair careening backwards with a loud clatter onto the ground.
“Aw, Captain, that ain’t nice,” Clint almost seemed to be trying to pout like a child, but just ended up looking slightly deranged instead.
The rest of the crew and Tony were sitting in the kitchen, a small array of protein packs and been pulled out and set up for a late lunch. Although there was some mechanical eating going on, Steve didn’t miss the unusual silence of the room when the three of them entered.
“Don’t,” Tony said sharply, voice echoing slightly in the quiet. “Don’t talk about him,” he finished more quietly.
“Incomin' from the USC Skiff,” Clint glanced back at Steve, looking for his permission to accept it.
Steve paused in the entrance-way, watching silently as Tony continued forward, eyes taking in the warm, light filled room. The walls were honeycomb shaped for optimal stability and the huge engine that powered the ship was shaped like one of the ancient bullet casings that guns used before the invention of laser weaponry, back when Man was confined to only one planet. Tony walked over to the engine, reaching into the open sides and gently spinning the currently off core.
The single word cut her off and Steve became aware of the ache in his fingers from where they’d tightened into fists.
Tony eyed him suspiciously, puzzle pieces he wasn’t even aware of were now beginning to click together in his mind.
“Just how many of these have you had, Captain Rules and Priorities?” Tony asked, a chuckle escaping him as he gestured to their drinks.
“Speaking of being there, I’ve told you my story, what’s yours? Am I going to have to Google you to find out?” she demanded.
“Tony,” Steve quietly admonished, pulling his sword from its scabbard and eyeing the monsters, clearly thinking of a plan of action.
“I am confident she will return to her normal patterns of behaviour given time. She only baked two cakes yesterday,” Jarvis said.
It wasn’t often that they talked on the phone, not video chatting like usual. Tony refused to feel guilty for the sense of relief he felt that she wasn’t going to witness this. He was free to stare at the picture he had of her on the hud, without worrying about what his own face looked like.
It was dimly lit in what appeared to be a hallway, a Scow ship having no need for airlocks. Before them shadows lurked in every corner of the hexagonally shaped hall, the dim blue glow of backup lighting all that allowed them to see.
He reached out and pressed the communications link button on the control panel so that he could send a polite response to the USC ship.
“Okay,” Tony agreed, arm falling to his side. “I guess I’ll pick a table?” he offered, feeling the need to do something.
As Tony tried to squirm in the iron-like bands around him, he couldn’t help but wonder what the fuck he’d gotten himself into this time?
They were halfway through the second window when, suddenly, Tony knew exactly what had been wrong with the circuit board and he’d dashed off to fix it, his rag on the floor abandoned.
Steve jerked around to see Clint lurking around the corner, peering at where Steve stood in the back hall between the dining room and the bridge.
Apparently, the Super Soldier had experienced a change of heart. Briefly, Tony wondered if his words to the man the other day had caused Steve to rethink how he had been mindlessly following orders, before he mentally slapped himself.
“Yeah, about that whole town thing…” she said slowly. “Apparently, there was a whole sibling fight for the throne - he was an alien prince, fyi – which resulted in his brother sending this giant medieval knight looking thing that shot out jets of fire and ended up levelling the town.”
He immediately felt guilty. Despite their disagreements, Pepper had always been good to him, taking his usual crap that sent most people running and Darcy rolling her eyes, in stride. It wasn’t entirely fair to try and block her when he knew what he was doing wasn’t bad, per say.
Tony hummed in understanding, eyes back on where Darcy had come up behind a woman at the base of the tree, riffling through a small basket of baby pumpkins.
“Just get us out of here, Clint,” Steve shook his own head at the man and left the bridge, not interested in listening to his pilot’s antics. Making his way back to the catwalk, he leaned against the railing and watched quietly as Thor secured their limited cargo, while Bruce, the doctor who was with them almost as much as he wasn’t, carried a large red bag full of supplies into the infirmary located just off the cargo hold.
“Agent, I need you to report in for duty immediately. We have a reconnaissance mission you need to take over.”
Tony nodded, stepping backwards into the elevator and managing to hit his elbow against the metal doors.
“My pickaxe broke.” Tony grumbled, taking the offered hand and allowing Steve to pull him up, wiping off his pants briskly – not that it made much difference as he spent most of his time covered in dust while mining or building.
Tony just rolled his eyes and gave up arguing with her as a bad job. He was feeling a little bit tense now that Steve was in the room. They’d only had their
Looking over to the entrance of his workshop in surprise, Tony blinked. It had been over a month now, and no one had made any attempts to enter his workshop, apart from Bruce (who was a given) and Darcy (who wouldn’t stay out no matter how many times he tried to fix his security in such a way that it would restrict her access).
Tony slammed his eyes shut and tiled his head up, but one loan tear still managed to slide down his face. Steve reached up and wiped it away, but didn’t say anything else about it.
The sound of footsteps on the stairs alerted him to company and he quickly hid the Palladium poisoning stats from sight on his glass screen before picking up his cup of nutrients - termed goop for its green, sludgy appearance.
“Why Pepper, that’s a bit forward of you,” he couldn’t help quipping. She didn’t even bother to acknowledge the comment.
“The good doctor patched you up just fine,” he reassured him, eyes flicking between the man and the medical monitor that displayed his vitals for any indicator that his condition was changing.
Steve leaned his hip against the worktable Tony was sitting at, arms crossed loosely over his chest, and projecting the air of casual so deliberately that it was obvious he was nervous.
“With that small detail taken care of, we can continue,” Steve looked back at Rumiko as she spoke. “You will, of course, be compensated for your time and effort.” She stepped forward and held out a hand. “Do we have an accord?”
Finally, it was when Tony’s full weight slumped against him, that Steve realised the other had dozed off.
“Tony! Just tell me what’s going on. The last time you were this secretive about your projects you were building the Iron Man suit,” she huffed.
“Mmmhm,” was all Tony managed, feeling content when a warm leg moved to pin down his own. A soft kiss was placed on the space where his neck met shoulder and Tony drifted away.
“Pepper’s invited us out for dinner tonight,” Natasha said, switching tracks when it was clear she wasn’t going to get more of an answer out of her friend.
Tony stared at them, not understanding, before a horrible realisation hit him. Just because he hadn’t been able to hear or see what was really going on, didn’t mean his teammates couldn’t hear what was being said over the comm that was still in his ear. That meant, his team had heard everything. They now knew how little he thought of himself, how little he was really worth.
“You help Tony in his workshop, do you?” Steve asked the bot, a smile lighting his face when Dummy suddenly grabbed hold of the bottom of his shirt and gently tugged him towards where Butterfingers and You were more cautiously sitting back and watching the proceedings.
Memories of the panic in Tony’s eyes when they’d almost been boarded by the USC, his concerns over his ID card. There was a reason Tony didn’t want people knowing him and, while Steve still didn’t know what that reason was, he was determined to protect his mechanic from any possible threat.
Pulling his finger from its warm cocoon, much to the distressed cry of the other man, Steve reached up for one of Tony’s hands, pulling it to his mouth and sucking down on one of his fingers before he could get a more coherent complaint than a whine from his throat. Tony’s huge brown eyes started up at him, locked on the sight of his finger in Steve’s mouth as Steve twisted his tongue around the digit like it was Tony’s cock.
“Shut up,” she waved a hand dismissively at him, before beginning to pour the batter into the waiting cupcake wrappers.
“Don’t move. I want you to stay like this while I grab the lube.” Without waiting for a response, Steve was up and off the couch, uncaring for his nudity and ignoring the way his erect cock bounced slightly at the movement. He almost ran to their bedroom, pulling out the side draw and grabbing the half empty tube before returning to Tony, not even bothering to close the draw behind him.
“I can’t stay,” Phil ignored him, which was just rude considering Tony was pretty sure he hadn’t come to talk to either Pepper or Darcy.
Steve was certain they were headed for another shady tavern where Tony would, no doubt, pass along a message to the barkeep.
The sudden sharp intake of air to his right distracted Steve for a moment, and he glanced in surprise to see Tony’s attention was completely taken with the newcomer. The woman, Steve noted, paused for a moment upon setting her dark eyes on Tony. It was such a brief pause, that if Steve hadn’t been looking for it, he wasn’t sure he’d have even noticed.
“I am sure you understand that Tony and I were once quite close. A few years ago, he just suddenly appeared in my life. He was so handsome and intelligent, I felt myself fall for him very quickly. He reciprocated my feelings,” she said, a sad smile in place.
Steve felt momentarily sad for the innocent people who were merely caught in the crossfire, but considering what fate laid out before them with the Ten Rings, Tony’s actions were more of a mercy than anything else.
In the end, all it took was an offer of lunch at a burger joint and Tony was happily on board. Steve felt that it had been a bit too easy, but was reluctant to look a gift horse in the mouth. So in what Steve was privately positive was one of the best first dates to have ever happened – no awkward silences, uncomfortable moments or even Avengers calls – Steve found himself with a boyfriend and thus permission to ogle at the sight of said boyfriend whenever he wanted. Which he did want, numerous times each and every day.
“Jarvis, pull up the projects I’ve been working on recently to Miss Potts’s StarkPad,” Tony said, gesturing to the piece of technology she was still holding.
“So, I’ll say it again because it bears repeating: to what do I owe the pleasure?” Tony asked as Rhodey stood, some of the humour dropping from his face. There was only one reason people visited Stark manor: business. Though what a university student could want business-wise was up for debate.
“Lets,” he said, reaching out and taking the mechanics hand in his, feeling excitement push out the nerves in his chest as Tony immediately laced their fingers together.
“Hi, Pepper,” Darcy’s voice shook Tony from his memory as she waved to the older woman, who had moved into view of the screen when she’d seen who was calling him.
“If you want to be in charge, I’ll arrange it that Pepper be only temporary while you finish up your education and get trained up for the CEO position. I’m sure she wouldn’t mind,” Tony offered when she remained silent.
“A little flour never hurt anyone. Now, tell me, how long until it’s ready,” he asked, rubbing his hands together as he focused on the important issues.
Steve had been reading quietly on the couch when he was brought out of the magical world within his novel by the feeling of a hand sliding up his thigh. Lowering his book, Steve looked down to where Tony was kneeling in front of the couch before him; one hand paused halfway up his thigh and the other resting on Steve’s knee.
“Let’s assume that the Doctor’s plan involves breaking out some of the patients here, so be on the lookout for them. Detain without force as much as possible, but we can’t have anyone leaving the grounds until we have the situation under control. Doctor Traveller is still our primary objective, so make sure you have your comms on at all times, no blackouts,” Captain America glanced at each of the Avengers as he spoke.
“Okay, great. So, you just do your thing and I’ll keep working on the new model for the StarkPhone. Pepper will kill me if I don’t get it finished this week,” he muttered the last bit to himself, mind already returning to the safety of the circuitry before him as he reached up and pulled his magnified glasses back down over his eyes.
“Okay,” Steve said gently, offering Tony a small smile when the man opened his eyes and looked at him again.
“Is he traveling with us?” Natasha finally asked, sliding up to stand beside Steve. Although the others were loitering in the cargo hold, Steve could hear them quiet down at her question, no doubt curious.
A part of him that was sappily romantic felt as though he'd be happy to follow the other man wherever he led in the 'verse.
“The Gods’ statue is said to bless those with budding love between them. It will install the power of the fates into your union and thus bring about prosperity and longevity,” Thor explained, sounding delighted at the opportunity to share his knowledge.
“Just about here, I think,” he smiled at Steve, and the familiar warmth in his chest was like a pavlovian response at this point.
Tony nodded, reluctant, but he did love Jarvis’ Super Secret Ingredient Chocolate Cake. Besides, as the butler had said, Darcy would still be there when he was finished.
“Tell Doctor Traveller how you feel,” the man urged, voice gentle in a way Tony had secretly longed to have directed at him.
“It’s nice to meet you, I wish it could have been under better circumstances,” she bowed slightly to Steve, her voice perfectly polite.
“He’s not a cyborg,” Natasha said, voice patient as ever with the ridiculous things Clint came out with.
It wasn’t really any of his business if the new mechanic didn’t want to share a meal with the rest of the crew. There wasn’t any rule on the ship that said one had to eat at the same time as everyone else. It was, he decided, more out of politeness and a desire for some kind of social interaction with the rest of the crew that they had daily dinners. If the new mechanic didn’t want to partake in that, then that was his own prerogative. They’d be leaving him on Ariel anyway, he’d become nothing more than a forgotten name in a long list of mechanics who’d travelled on The Avenger.
So far, however, they had just followed Tony around, the other man clearly heading somewhere specific.
She sighed and picked up her cup of coffee, moving over to him to lay a hand on his shoulder briefly.
“Oh, some backlash from shareholders, uncertainty from the board, you to pull some brilliant idea out of that head of yours,” she shrugged, a small, self-deprecating smile on her face. “Seems I overestimated you.”
Mind made up, he took a step to the side and swept out an arm as if in invitation for Pepper to board his ship.
“Uh huh. Miss Mac has been teachin’ me words this week. I wanted to show you. See, that’s your name and this one’s mine. We both have the same last name here, cos we’re brother ‘nd sister,” she said, giving the paper Tony still held a poke as she explained.
“Yeah, that, um,” he suddenly laughed, sounding embarrassed. Tony reached a hand up and ran it through his hair, the lighting in the corridor enough for Steve to see the blush darkening his cheeks.
The peace of the room was broken by the sudden opening of the door, a sniffling sound reached Tony’s ears as he turned to see his sisters’ small form step inside. Her long brown hair tumbled down her shoulders in a mess, a clear sign that she had been recently playing, her pale blue dress was noticeably creased and her big green eyes were glassy with tears.
“Oh, here and there. The ‘verse is a big place, no one likes to be much tied down to one galaxy for too long.” Although his body language and tone were screaming ease, something about his expression made Steve’s instincts tense with suspicion.
Tony now had a job to do, a purpose that was more than just looking after his little sister and making sure that the world was kept at arm’s length from her. He knew, without even reviewing those files Pepper and Darcy had stolen from Stane’s office computer, that there would be numerous weapons for him to track down and destroy. Thousands of lives he could save if he got to them before the black-market dealers had a chance to try out his destructive creations. He had a second chance at life, and he wouldn’t waste it.
“You’ve got nothing to thank me for, Tony. We’re so lucky to have found you all those months ago. I’m so lucky…” Mustering some of his courage, Steve leaned down and gently kissed Tony’s cheek.
“Tony,” Steve smiled in a way that made Tony’s heart hurt. It was like everything he was saying was hurting Steve. “Mr Banner is the secretary who works on the first floor, and the person you call ‘Thor’ is Doctor Donald Blake in the physical rehabilitation clinic. Clint Barton is the Institutes janitor and Miss Romanov works for Miss Potts as her PA, you met her a few years ago when Miss Potts had to come out here to get you to sign over the rest of the controlling interest in Stark Industries to Justin Hammer,” Steve explained patiently.
Darcy just released her hold on him and took a step back, hands clasping behind her back and a look reminisce of her six-year-old self, crossing her face. Tony knew that look, it was the first time he’d ever tasted one of her cooking endeavours, when he’d come home from MIT for the first time to Jarvis’s Super Secret Ingredient Chocolate Cake. It was a look of excitement, with just a little bit of uncertainty, and a lot of hope that he would like whatever she was giving him.
Steve sighed before giving in, the money they would make off the latest scratch would be enough for him to pay a little more now.
“Never exactly like that, no,” he said after a pause. “I’ve seen people who’ve had operations that’ve left scarring like that, though. The occasional person with a closed mouth about what planet they’ve been to that resulted in metal being inserted into various parts of their bodies. Crude prosthetics from backend alleyways in more Core planets. That kind of thing.”
Tony startled sightly from the sudden loud ‘thwak’ that came from his pickaxe, blinking down at the now useless tool in his hand.
“Bed,” Tony murmured, hand reaching up and latching onto Steve’s bicep, trying to pull the man down with him as he lent backwards, counting on gravity to be his friend. Steve laughed, but pulled away; causing Tony to let out a whine he would later refuse to admit to.
"Get us in the air," Steve called out, watching as he ascended the catwalk, still carrying on, but taking off when Natasha made to follow him with a raised eyebrow.
“Thor, it was your turn to empty the dishwasher last night,” Darcy complained, shooting the god an annoyed look, somewhat offset by the old MIT shirt she was wearing and the short sleeping shorts, her sleeping attire topped off with pink and yellow polka dot slippers on her feet.
“I thought you might like a little company,” he explained, pulling off the jacket he’d been using to cover the present, careful not to snag it on the robot.
“Sir, I do not believe that Captain America will appreciate your artistic tastes, in this regard,” Jarvis said dryly, voice lower than usual in respect to the sleeping Darcy on the workshop couch.
“Trouble?” Tony put a hand to his heart dramatically as he edged over to the oven to peer inside and see what she had in there. “I’ve done nothing. Where on Earth do you get these ideas?” he asked, grinning at the sight of what was in the oven.
Tony narrowed his eyes, a suspicion forming in his mind at how familiar Steve’s actions suddenly were.
“I have a little sister, light of my fucking life,” Tony couldn’t stop the slightly hysterical chuckle from escaping his mouth as his thoughts once again circulated back to Darcy.
“Steve,” Natasha said as they stopped before him, her face surprisingly open given the company. “This is an old friend of mine, Virginia ‘Pepper’ Potts.”
“Attention USC Skiff ship, this is the Captain of The Avenger speakin'. We ain't done nothin' to warrant a boardin' of government sanctioned soldiers. We’ll just be on our way,” Steve said and released the button, ignoring the soft snort of laughter from Natasha.
“This is an illusion,” he said. It had to be the only logical explanation for what he was seeing before him.
“Technically it’s my private jet,” Tony huffed, amused and knowing if Pepper said no then it wasn’t going to happen.
“I’m going to fuck you so hard you pass out.” Steve promised, Tony’s response being lost in a loud groan as Steve pushed up and into him, the delicious slide and warmth forcing him to pause when he bottomed out to just breath for a moment.
It took Tony a couple of long, slow blinks at the empty coffee machine before this news finally managed to seep into his brain. Looking around the Tower workshop, with its new glossy table tops and smudge free glass, he felt a little out of place. The Tower workshop was still very new, only completed three weeks ago, and it had only been ‘in use’ for the last two weeks. The repair work to the Tower was finally finished; it had been ridiculous that the damage of one short battle that lasted just under two hours, had taken almost two months to repair. Well, the Tower was repaired, some parts of New York were still boarded up, waiting for people to come and fix them thanks to the very generous donations by the Maria Stark Foundation. Why else was Tony the founding member of a charity if not to spend money cleaning up after an attempted extra-terrestrial invasion?
“I’m not into this pretend politeness though, you know I don’t have the patience for it,” Tony continued, sitting up straighter and ignoring the lingering floaters at the corners of his eyes.
“Tony has been travellin’ with us for a while now, of his own free will. You know him, judgin’ by your friendliness with him earlier today.”
“Obie, I don’t really think this is my area,” Tony said quietly, discretely, as people milled about around them.
“Park up, we’ll go see if there’s anything left for us on Her,” Steve said, clapping Clint on the shoulder before standing up straight and reaching for the PA to let the rest of the crew know about their unexpected stop.
Clint, who’d looked surprised by the comment as they’d previously been under the working assumption that Tony didn’t even hear them when he was in one of his cleaning zones, suddenly burst into delighted sounding laughter.
“That there is Jane’s old boyfriend who up and disappeared on her a few years ago,” Darcy explained.
“I am not a mad scientist,” he waved a fork in Bruce’s general direction, trying to chew faster so he could finish talking. “I am a mad genius, get it right.”
“Yeah, okay. Just, like, an hour and I’ll be good to go again,” he yawned, eyes already beginning to drop as his body recognised the comfortable surface he was lying on, the recent coffee not strong enough to combat his body’s exhaustion.
Better to stay under the radar, to live a lawless existence outside of USC eyes. Besides, Steve enjoyed his life more now than he ever had as a soldier.
“Steve. My sword broke.” He whined, mostly just because the danger had passed and he could. Looking over at the blond, Tony was slightly surprised by the man’s wide eyes and almost stricken expression.
“Well,” a bitter smile crossed his face. “I should hope I was a little informed given I was sold to them for some years.”
“Tony, are you ready?” Rhodey’s voice was quiet, full of concern as he stood before the wheel chair Tony had been seated in.
“Hey, let’s go to bed.” He pulled Tony closer, hugging him gently before moving away slightly, keeping the arm Tony was holding onto around him still, Steve began to steer them towards the elevator.
Tony lurched forward, body curled defensively as he tried to keep his gun aloft, pointing it more in the general direction of their pursuers than actually aiming at anything. A sick feeling slicked down to Steve’s stomach and he instinctively reached forward with the hand not holding his gun, a stupid move as it left him liable to falling off the bike if Thor made a sudden turn, before he grabbed hold of the back of Tony’s shirt. If the man had been hit, and Steve had seen enough people injured to be fairly confident that this was the case, then he didn’t need the mechanic falling off the back of the bike and being caught by the authorities. It’d be a pain in the ass to try and spring him.
Then there was the Avengers. A superhero groups that included Tony? Who the hell was he trying to kid? There was no way in hell that such a group - even if it could actually exist - would include Tony Stark. Not after the kind of life he had led.
“You ain’t tryin’ to escape after killin’ someone or somethin’, are you?” Tony asked, equally as blunt.
He dropped the sack to the ground and grabbed the compression core from the seller, his gestures far more prominent and dangerous with a heavy piece of machinery in them then the sellers had been.
Tony’s sudden movement caught his attention, and Steve stood to move beside him as he slowly opened his eyes.
“No hard feelings, Point Break. You’ve got a mean swing. Just as impressive as I’ve heard,” he casually tapped the man’s bicep as he passed.
Tony proved to be more difficult to follow than Steve had anticipated. He was slippery, taking advantage of other people as distractions, and was generally well practiced in the art of stealth. It made Steve even more curious about what the story behind his potentially new mechanic might be.
“Sir? I thought I was still suspended from SHIELD duty pending an enquiry?” Clint’s voice badly hid his irritation.
For now, however, this piece is done. I'll probably be fixing a few minor errors in spelling/grammar over the next few days but apart from that all the images are (finally) uploaded and scenes completed.
Clint and Tony soon launched into a ridiculous recount of their most recent game of cards together, both crying foul at the others’ outrageous cheating, and Steve let himself sink into the moment.
The control room for The Avenger was full of switches and little lights, screens that showed various vitals of the ship, images from the outside and detective radars. Overseeing all of the controls was the large reinforced window that allowed the crew to look out into the Dark. In the large chair manning the controls sat Clint, hands moving familiarly over the buttons and switches with years of experience. Leaning against the console out of the way was Natasha, a certified Companion of the Universe.
Jerking around, he couldn’t keep the slight flush from his cheeks at having been caught blatantly eavesdropping on their conversation.
“Tony, my name is Steve Rogers, I’m one of the volunteer care-taking nurses at the Institute, remember? I’ve been working with you since you came here,” Steve took a step closer to Tony, as if Tony was a colt about to attempt escape.
Tony felt his eyes go wide and he swung around to look at her, almost pulling her off balance from where she was still leaning against his side.
“Such a tale of romantic woe,” Thor broke the tension with a loud sniff, and Steve wondered for a moment if the large man was going to gather Tony up into a manly hug to sob it out.
“Hey, I was wondering if you’d like to head out for that coffee now? I know you’ve only had two cups so you still need a bit more of a fix.”
When they finally arrived at the drop point, Steve immediately felt himself tense, eyes scanning the rocky, sandy area before them. There was something distinctly cage-like about where they had been informed to meet, and Steve wasn’t about to be cheated out of his money after going to all the trouble of smuggling the supplies halfway across two galaxies.
Thinking back to the blue, glowing disc of light embedded into the very flesh of Tony’s chest, Steve had to wonder what else those monsters had done to him. There was no way Tony had acquired such a disfigurement anywhere reputable. But, what was the purpose of it? What could a light in one’s chest achieve? Bruce said it was possibly some kind of cardiac infuser, but Steve wasn’t so sure.
“You’re sending the Avengers after a simple murderer?” Tony muttered in surprise; that was very out of character.
Steve, however, had frozen where he sat, eyes still on the sketch and hand no longer moving. Steve wasn’t, by nature, particularly jealous or possessive of people. It would have been exhausting when he was younger and Bucky had received endless attention from the dames, it would have been ridiculous to try and own all of his time. Even now, Steve was always happy to lend people his stuff and felt no desire to prevent his friends from going and doing things without him.
The Ten Rings had been a surprise. He knew there were terrorist organisations in the world, what else was he making all those weapons for? But, to know that such a group was being supplied with his companies’ own weapons? That they were his ‘loyal customers’ as Yinsen said. He had effectively aided in the killing of American soldiers, perhaps not pulling the trigger himself, but supplying the means. He felt sick to his stomach every time he thought about it. The sheer stockpile they had of them, how had that even happened? Who would betray him like that?
“Jarvis, save all that, would you?” he asked, moving away towards the elevator with his blond shadow.
Steve was seated in Thor’s chair on the ramp when his crew began to trickle back. By the time he’d made it back, the ships front glass had already been replace, the speed and efficiency being one of the major reasons he’d been grateful to be so close to the planet known for such things. He’d relieved Bruce of watching after the ship, receiving an odd look from the good doctor before he’d departed, Steve knew that the man would be asking questions later.
“I always get stuck on the floor, someone else can have it this time,” Clint shrugged, flipping over so that he was sitting sideways in the chair, legs hanging over one of the armrests.
The crew had jumped at the chance for a change of pace and a convenient distraction. It didn’t’ matter how ‘normal’ Tony tried to act, the tension around his shoulders whenever one of the crew was nearby was visible, a clear enough sign that he didn’t want anyone to ask about his experiences. Not that Steve expected any of them would, the crew of The Avenger all had their own stories they were reluctant to tell, himself included.
“Don’t leave me!” he could hear the tears starting up again in her voice, another wave of sobs coming on fast.
In the end, he just shook his head, a smile unbidden to his lips before he lay back down and cuddled the genius closer.
Following the man into the tavern, Steve recognised the local hangout of the planets criminal element immediately. Honestly, Steve spent way too much of his time in places like this. He was, however, curious about what Tony would be doing in such a place. He already knew Tony wasn’t exactly a law-abiding citizen of the ‘verse. However, watching from one of the many darkly lit corners of the tavern as the man slinked up to the bar itself and leaned against it casually, eyes looking over the various offers of alcohol on the shelves before him, Steve wondered just how illegal Tony’s activities were.
“Tony, my boy, what can I do for you?” the man’s familiar voice was calm as ever, causing Tony’s racing heart to steady slightly.
“Take us to Tony’s floor, please, Jarvis,” Pepper said, handing Tony the piece of toast, which he took a bite of mulishly.
“Hang up on him,” Tony said immediately, not bothering to even look up from the pancake Steve had helpfully set on his plate. He was going to end up fat if he kept eating so decadently in the mornings.
The likelihood of Stuttgart having compression cores for sale wasn’t what Steve was worried about. Finding them amongst all the hustle and bustle of the markets was the challenge.
“That it isn’t,” the man agreed, eyes trained on Steve as if examining him, before he seemed to pull himself together with a barely perceptible shake.
“Who cares about the vanilla bean, the is the most amazing cake in the entire world is in that oven, and I want some as soon as possible.”
“So, I should expect the curfew breaking, underage drinking and ‘the-world-hates-me-so-I-hate-everything’ attitude to start up any day now?” he asked, watching as Dummy moved away from Darcy and began trying to pick up a stray wire on the floor, only to succeed in pushing it around due to a lack of fine motor skills.
“Did we step into an alternate universe when the elevator opened?” Clint asked, voice tinged with amusement as he stepped closer to the surprising sight before them.
Steve had been in the kitchen, sitting at the table with his sketchpad in front of him and a pencil held loosely in his hand. He had a few lines on the thick drawing paper, but he’d found himself completely distracted by the man standing at the sink, once again doing dishes as he muttered away to himself about something Steve didn’t have a hope of understanding.
“Steve?” the word slipped from his mouth without conscious thought, eyes trained on the man as his sense of confusion grew. He felt a wave of dizziness wash over him.
hanging around him. It was incredible what just under a month of near constant contact could do to a person.
“It’ll be okay, Obie knows about the arc reactor. That should keep his attention for a while,” Tony sighed before wincing, his aching ribs once more making themselves known. It had been a bargaining chip, a band aid to a gaping wound. He knew that it was only a matter of time before Obie came demanding more than just the knowledge of what Tony had been able to do. He would want the process, patented and in production. It was a gold mine, a forever battery some might say. Any business savvy person would be crazy not to want to market it.
“Pepper, my new darling. What’re you doing down here?” he asked casually, deciding to act as normal as possible. Honestly, if the woman had any chance in hell of lasting in her new job as Tony Stark’s Personal Assistant, then she had better be able to roll with the punches, no matter how formless or out of left field they were.
Solving the problem, Steve reached for Tony’s mug and took a good drink of it, puffing out his cheeks as he gave the liquid a quick swill around his mouth before swallowing the sweet drink.
Raising his right hand, he cradled the right side of his head, feeling the matted, sticky texture of blood in his hair. It was mostly dry now, so he’d been out for a while, but the tacky feel on his skin went all the way down his neck and had soaked into his shirt, staining the material. An irrational feeling of annoyance swept through him, as he realised that his shirt was probably a throw away. He didn’t have that many items of clothing, so whenever one was ruined it felt stupidly personal.
Steve drank his cider, not a trace of guilt in him when he thought about how thankful he was that it hadn’t worked out between Tony and Rumiko.
When she’d finally calmed down to only the occasional hiccupped sob, Tony pulled back slightly, hands pushing the hair from her face awkwardly.
Steve blinked in surprise as the man rolled over twice before he came to a stop on his back, a small cloud of dirt stirred up around him. The stranger groaned loudly as he raised a hand encased in leather fingerless gloves to his face and pushed back his dark hair.
“Pepper?” Darcy asked quietly, laughter having faded almost immediately at the entrance of a stranger.
“I vote orange cupcakes,” Tony said with a grin, projecting as much confidence as he could into his voice.
“So, what did you call us here for?” Steve got straight to business. There was no point in pleasantries when both parties were tense around the other.
“Steve,” he turned slightly, and wasn’t surprised to see Natasha standing there. “It was for the safety of the ship.”
Steve slowly peered up at him, cheeks still red, but the anger burned out for now, replaced with embarrassment and growing confusion.
Tony looked surprised, as if he’d been expecting to get the third degree from Steve. The lines around his mouth eased as did the line of his body when the tension slowly left him.
The two stayed still for a long moment, chests rising and falling rapidly as they fought to catch their breath. Steve finally pushed himself up slightly from where he had been breathing against Tony’s shoulder, looking down at the closed eyes of the genius. Leaning in, he gently kissed the side of his mouth, unable to keep the smile off his face when he pulled back and saw an answering one on Tony’s face.
“Used to it. You clearly didn’t know what you was tryin’ to buy either, and you helped me out earlier, so now we’re square,” Tony shrugged again.
"That depends on if you can find a babysitter for your crew in time," Tony teased, leaning closer to Steve so their noses were mere inches apart.
“They’re the same thing, Darc. Those weapons are time sensitive…” he said quietly, feeling exhausted trying to make her understand.
Tony had enough blood from strangers on his hands, there was no way in hell that he was adding his loved ones to those ranks. No way in hell. He would find wherever Stane had taken his arc reactor, and he’d take the man himself out in the process.
“Of course, I don’t. I would’ve turned right around and gone back to the Tower if that were the case,” Tony snipped, attention mostly taken by results of Jarvis’s scans of the insects that overlaid the hud’s screen.
“I’ve been here before, once or twice. Didn’t get to see the sights either, I’m afraid. Business is business.”
“Half the time the modern conveniences you all go on about are more complicated than just doing the darn job yourself in the first place. It’s ludicrous. It doesn’t make any sense. It’s just… stupid,” he finished, breathing hard, hands fisted as he leaned over to rest his weight on the table.
The room around him seemed to flicker for a moment, before morphing back to the battlefield with bits of plaster dust and scattered objects all over the floor. The Iron Man armour was once more in pieces around where Tony sat, and the dead body of the security guard off to the side was lying in his own blood.
Tony remained still as Steve approached him, only allowing himself to slump forward into Steve’s chest when the man was close enough.
“I’ll miss you. I promise to post lots of pictures on Facebook and give me a ring when Pepper tries to fire you for being a flaky head of R and D,” she said cheekily before slipping away from him to the door.
“Ah,” a voice from the kitchen entrance pulled Steve’s attention away from the sight before him, his eyes automatically narrowing into a glare at the sight of Clint.
“Right, okay,” Steve looked around him and settled on Clint who had been making his way up the ramp with Thor.
The doors slid open and Tony squinted slightly at the brightness of the sunlight streaming in through the floor to ceiling windows of the spacious lounge area. Rubbing his eyes and yawning, he moved out of the elevator and headed towards the kitchen, the space half hidden behind a short, dividing wall in the lounge. As soon as he was in range, his eyes zeroed in on the coffee pot, mouth almost salivating at the thought of hot, fresh coffee. Pouring the dark liquid into a mug he’d snagged off the mostly empty mug rack, he raised it to his mouth and breathed in the delicious scent before taking a sip and letting out the kind of moan that he usually reserved for only the top 10% of his sexual partners.
“I think Thor ate the last of Darcy’s cupcakes last night,” Bruce said as the six squeezed into the elevator. Tony pointedly ignored the heat he could feel coming of Steve’s chest in the small space.
“Pinky promise,” he said, letting her know how serious he was about this. Pinky promises were, after all, unbreakable.
“It’s a notebook, from the Skow ship,” he explained, voice tinged with confusion as to what the hell Tony was up to.
“Don’t go lyin’, you miss me already,” Clint winked at her, but she just stared blankly back at him until he once more busied himself with the bike.
“Have you found a way to increase our speed?” Steve demanded, finger pressing down on the intercom again.
“Tony!” Steve’s voice was like a balm to his raw nerves and Tony felt something in his chest loosen at the sound.
“Now, I’ve just finished making a pile of tools. What say you we go out and do something fun? I’m thinking we should build a tower, a huge tower: preferably with my name on top of it. Though with the right persuasion we can change that to just my initials. We could booby-trap all but the very top levels and sit back and watch people try and fail to get to us, I’ll use redstone traps, maybe a drop into some lava or a cavern full of cave spiders.”
“Yeah, what’d you need, Jarvis?” Tony asked, pulling away from her and moving back over to his desk.
“He’s going to be insufferable for a week, now,” Natasha lamented, though there was something thoughtful about the way she was eyeing Steve across the table.
“A sword and a pickaxe in just one day. You really need to carry spares with you.” Steve scolded Tony, reaching out and running his hands over Tony’s body, searching for injuries.
“You figured it out, though,” Tony said confidently, knowing there was no other way she could find it amusing than if she’d figured it out fairly quickly.
Tony just laughed at them, leaning on the table top, with Bruce sitting beside him, a single mug of ale barely sipped before him.
He glanced at Bruce, who was shaking his head at them all as if he couldn't quite believe he'd agreed to be on a crew with such dramatic people, and Thor, who looked inordinately pleased with the proceedings.
“Grow a spine, Jarvis. It’s time to celebrate,” Tony said as he walked inside, heading over to where Pepper was pouring out three glasses of Champagne.
Blinking rapidly, Tony found himself sitting on the floor, knees folded beneath him and Steve squatting down in front of him, hands resting on his shoulders and reassurance in his beautiful, blue eyes.
“Dummy!” Darcy said loudly, all the seriousness a child could hold in her voice, one finger pointed at the bot sternly.
“I don’t care,” Tony shrugged, reaching out to take another sip from his coffee cup, only to find it swiped out of his hand.
“I can assure you, this is most definitely real, Mr Stark. The sooner you learn to accept the reality you are in, the faster we can help you get better. Just think, you’d be able to have visitors again. Your sister has agreed that once you start showing signs of lucidity and manage to abstain from any episode for longer than two months, she will once more be willing to come visit you.”
“This is amazing, Darcy. Did you do it all by yourself?” he asked, her face breaking out into an even larger grin, something he hadn’t thought possible.
However, when the doors opened, he found himself not in his workshop, but on the communal floor of the Tower. He had a moment of surprise, before panic hit him and he opened his mouth to tell Jarvis to close the doors, to take him away. Steve, however, was faster, and before Tony could do more than utter a noise of protest, the man had grabbed him and pulled him from the elevator.
“You’re Tony the mechanic on The Avenger, you’re funny and hardworking and the crew loves having you travel with us. You make this ship feel like a real home, no matter where we go. We know you’ve got out backs and we’ll be there to protect you as well.”
“It means that the portal won’t collapse on itself like it did at SHIELD’s last hideout,” Tony seamlessly continued, shoving his hands in his pockets casually as his eyes flickered from person to person, stopping on Thor with amusement.
The polishing and muttering combo suddenly stopped, however, and a manic gleam entered Tony’s eyes as he sat up straight.
“Make sure to save me one, Darc,” Tony gave his sister a quick pat to the shoulder as he passed her, knowing she’d heard when she made a small hum of agreement.
“Miss Mac, sorry to interrupt you. I’m just bringing Young Master Tony to meet his sister,” Jarvis’s hand once more ghosted over Tony’s shoulder.
They had decided that Stone’s laboratory was the first place they would investigate. While he could be holding the doctor in his wing in the Fujikawa estate, Steve was pretty sure they it was a little too on the nose for what he’d heard over the galactic news broadcasts of Tiberius Stone. The man certainly wasn’t the smartest rich man in the ‘verse, but if the way he’d swooped in on various intergalactic deals with multi-galactic companies was any indication, then he was capable of being somewhat shady and manipulative.
“I understand,” Tony got out, teeth clenched together but a faint glimmer of relief rushing through him. He didn’t like the answer he had been given, but it was better than nothing, and right now he had nothing.
“Hello, and welcome to our little Q and A session. I think I see some familiar faces from my usual press conferences, so congrats on convincing your bosses to allow you to shift from just covering my awesomeness to reporting on the Avengers as a collective group. Give yourselves a pat on the back,” there was the sound of chuckling throughout the room, and Tony allowed himself to relax slightly, to settle in for the long haul. Getting the press to laugh immediately made most of them more open and willing to steer their coverage in a positive direction, first impressions were important.
He’d thought that after the reveal of Tony’s history, of his entanglement with the Ten Rings, there couldn’t be much more that he was hiding. The soft blue light glowing in his chest seemed to mock Steve.
“What’re you doing here? I thought you and Jane were going back to New Mexico for a while,” Tony peered over her shoulder at where Jane was standing awkwardly next to the elevators. “Hi, Jane,” he let go of Darcy with one of his hands to offer her a small wave.
“Good, good,” he nodded, eyes trailing across the rest of his crew, taking note of the amused looks on their faces, now all assembled and accounted for.
Now, however, her face was covered in blood, one blue eye staring up at him in frozen horror, the other entirely missing from her head. He could see bits of brain and skull through the bloody pool her eye socket had become.
“Tasha loves me,” he pouted, and Steve gave up on the both of them, opting as usual to ignore whatever bizarre relationship they had going on. As long as it never affected the rest of the crew, they could do as they wanted amongst themselves.
“Yes. No. Possibly?” The grin that once more spread across his face was most often seen on small children up to no good.
“Anyways, I’d best be goin’,” he took a cautious step backwards, as though determining if they were going to go after him for some kind of reward for the heroics.
“Any sane person would be too after having to put up with those stripper poles in your plane,” she said dryly.
“I’ll start making breakfast then, any preferences?” Steve offered, and just like that, time continued moving.
“Yeah, I think we need to start working on Natasha’s Widows’ Bite, that looked like it was taking ages to do recharge.” Tony allowed himself to get lost in thoughts of schematics and power voltages as he approached the Tower.
Turned out, prefacing your story of potentially life threatening illness and stupidity with ‘everything’s okay now, so no need to worry’, didn’t actually do anything other than piss Darcy off. He spent the next hour being lectured and yelled at by his sister, her outbursts derailing occasionally when she shouted about how she was going to kick Rhodey’s ass when she next saw him. Her worry for his safety was the only thing that kept him sitting there and listening.
“I’ll see what I can do, Tony. But you need to understand that this is a very delicate situation and needs to be handled with the utmost care. If we go after this, guns blazing, your sister could get hurt. And nobody wants that, do they?”
It wasn’t too often that the entire crew was able to leave the ship at one time. Usually, someone needed to stay behind just in case some no good scoundrel decided they fancied themselves a ship Captain and tried to commandeer the vessel. But, Core planets were – for the most part – fairly scrupulous about their dock security. It made it difficult to get out any smuggled or stolen goods, but it provided the crew with a much-needed land break.
He was almost convinced he was wrong, that his theory was nothing more than that, a theory. His mind turned to the amount of credits they’d get from the food supplies, how useful the planets in the Rim would find them, when he happened to glance up and immediately felt his stomach roll as bile rose in the back of his throat.
“That’s what you always say and then hours pass and you miss out on stuff. Come on, your work will still be here when you get back, and Darcy has been going on about this movie for days now.”
“I think Tony’s been hit,” Steve said, getting off the bike and shoving his gun into its holster. He let go of the back of the man’s shirt, only to grip onto his shoulder a moment later in an effort to push him upright so that they could see where he’d been injured.
“But Darcy, that’s what I think it is, isn’t it?” he asked, a whine to his voice but unable to keep the grin off his face.
“Jarvis brought him up to my room after, well,” she pursed her lips, the unpleasant memories apparently still something she remembered.
They’d gotten paid, evaded the USC, and it seemed that – at least for now – their mechanic had proven himself to be the best they’d ever come across.
“Yes, and I will see them when I leave here,” Yinsen looked at him, voice calm as ever. “And you, Stark?”
It was hard to believe that the Avengers thing had actually worked, that the six of them had been able to come together in something like beautiful cohesion. Tony would… he would’ve liked to spend more time with those people. They were new, and interesting, and despite the mostly awful start they’d had, he was pretty sure that he would have enjoyed getting to know them better. He already had a grudging respect for Romanov, and listening to Darcy’s stories about Thor and Bruce, made liking them easier (even if Thor was pig-headed at times). Even Barton had his good points, despite the very short amount of interaction Tony’d had with him.
,” Clint nodded as he tapped his mug, while Thor cheered boisterously. Steve merely offered an appreciative nod while Bruce politely refused, resulting in only minimal jeering before Tony headed to the bar, the barest evidence of the drink hitting his system in the way in which he swayed ever so slightly as he walked.
“It’s fine, Rhodey. We’re fine,” he let go of Darcy’s hand - that had somehow made its way back into his own - only to pull her closer into his side. The warmth of her small frame grounding him.
Obie sighed as he had done when Tony was a kid and had broken some rule his father had implemented in order to try and reign in Tony’s outgoing and curious personality.
Tony may have neglected to mention Natasha Romanov’s very revealing assessment of him, not so much for the things he believed himself to be, but the things she’d missed.
Steve glanced at where he was crouched beside him, reaching into the box he pulled out another box and ran his fingers over the logo carved into the lid.
The crew had been insistent on learning what had happened on the Scow ship after they’d made it a fair distance from the site. Steve hadn’t wanted to talk about it, but when you were stuck with only a few people in a tin can in the sky for weeks to months on end, you quickly learned to take the road of least resistance when you could. Needless to say, the rest of the crew had been equally disturbed about the realisation that they’d been so close to Reavers without even realising it. Steve supposed they should be just lucky that they hadn’t been caught in a trap laid by the monsters, leaving them as sitting ducks should they come back to check the trap.
“My father is currently playing host to a rival tycoon, a mister Tiberius Stone of Viastone. It is my understanding from some informants, that Stone is responsible for Doctor Cho’s kidnapping.”
“Well,” he began, seeing Steve’s body tense as if expecting a verbal blow. “Do you feel better now?”
Blinking rapidly, Tony took note of Clint standing near the actual door to the room - as opposed to the large hole in the wall where Traveller was positioned - an arrow straining to be let loose on the wannabe sorcerer. Natasha stood to the right of the archer, gun raised and ready to be used at a moment's notice. Both were fully decked out in their Avengers uniforms and Traveller himself was once more in his ridiculous get-up.
“Calm down, Tones, he’s only into interesting stories and me going to uni is hardly interesting. I’m not completely stupid,” she rolled her eyes.
“Hey, did you miss the memo? The comic convention is next month, save your cosplay for then,” Tony baited, hud screen searching for weaknesses.
“He has the ability to tap into someone’s mind and extract their greatest fear, then he uses some sort of hallucinogenic to make the fear appear real to the victim. When he encounters criminals, he seems to be enhancing their intelligence, though when he loses interest in them, he effectively fries their brains, leaving them in a vegetable state.”
“Spying on your golden goose, Captain? Making sure he won’t get stolen by someone else before you can cash in on him?” Her voice turned angry, cheeks flushing.
“It was a present,” Tony said quietly, body still tense and uncomfortable with how Howard was between him and Darcy.
“So, are you actually planning on punching Clint in the face or just imagining it?” Steve looked at her blankly.
“Oh, please, like you never get into sticky situations? Besides, it wasn’t even really anything to do with me. It was mostly everyone else. I was just kind of… there,” she waved a hand flippantly.
What the hell was happening, Tony couldn’t understand how this had happened. Was it really an alternative reality, one where every single worst nightmare of his was real? This couldn’t be his world, his life.
As Steve began to talk about what the Avengers where, their purpose, how upstanding they were, blah, blah, blah; Tony kept his eyes on the reporters, taking note of who appeared to be liking what they were hearing, and who would probably become a problem for them in the near future.
Thor was the most surprising. Considering it had taken almost two years for the god to return the first time, Tony honestly hadn’t expected to see him for a while. But, Thor had appeared as if summoned by the assembly of his fellow Avengers, completing the set and taking up space in the Tower like he’d always been there.
“This wouldn’t be an issue if Ross hadn’t petitioned for the revamp of the super soldier program four years ago,” he grumbled, still bitter that the final decision had been taken out of his hands by the board of directors at SI, despite the fact that it was classified as more his father’s private research and an SI patent.
Stopping before the door to the room right next to his own, Jarvis removed his hand from Tony's shoulder and gestured to the door encouragingly.
The relief he felt, when he realised just where it was that Loki planned to make his grand attack on Earth, was almost like a physical weight was lifted off his shoulders. Loki would launch his attack in New York City. Darcy was in DC. He almost sank to his knees in relief.
“This is pathetic, Anthony. What am I paying for your education for if you insist on wasting time on ridiculous and frivolous activities; especially when they are so poorly executed!”
“We rigged the whole thing to blow once we were a safe distance away. I never looked back, but the ships were connected via their operations systems, so when I rigged that to self-destruct, it blew everything to shit. As far as I know, Yinsen and I were the only survivors.”
It had been a silly photo, taken in a moment of candour when Darcy had been at Malibu with him a few months ago. She had been baking in the kitchen, Tony had walked through and stuck his finger in the cake batter, not realising that he still had motor oil on it and thus getting oil in the batter. Darcy had yelled at him, before throwing a handful of flour at him in retaliation. They’d ended up in a food fight, getting batter, flour and eggs everywhere - Tony hadn’t envied the cleaning crews job and had been sure to slip something extra into their pay-checks that week. In the photo, Darcy was laughing, her dark hair half covered in flour, batter on her left cheek and the remains of an egg staining her shirt. She looked young and happy.
Walking over to the control panel, Steve looked it over for a moment before a familiar switch caught his attention and he reached out and flicked it. The lights of the ship flickered on properly, the hum of the engine filled the silence, and the oxygen regulators began to recycle the stale air around the ship once more.
New, New York was only a small sized moon, but it boasted having one of the most densely populated places in all the ‘verse. A mixture of recreated landmarks from Earth-that-was, and the latest technological trends sweeping the rich and famous, it was exactly the kind of flashy place Steve liked to avoid.
“Tony,” she hesitated for a moment, before ploughing on, one hand moving to take his own hand that he hadn’t even realised had begun tapping repetitively against the arc in his chest. “You know that you don’t have to make them anything. You’re already giving them somewhere to live and you’re footing the bill to feed them. That
Tony had mumbled something, but his eyes were unfocused and it only took a few strokes of Steve’s hand through his hair before he was once more unconscious. Bruce said this time it was a more natural sleep, and that in a few days he’d be recovered from the concussion and they’d only have to worry about him pulling at his ribs in frustration for the next few weeks.
“Mr Stark, do you remember who Steve is?” Traveller asked, gesturing to the blond who came to a stop before him.
"You should be offended by proxy of being my Science Bro," Tony waved a hand dismissively. Bruce would totally be offended if he didn’t spend so much time with the squishy side of science.
Steve resisted the urge to roll his eyes, knowing Clint enjoyed a good bar fight as much as the next man.
Tony tensed, ready for whatever kind of attack the man was going to throw his way, but nothing seemed to be happening. He was just about to open his mouth and taunt the man for his lack of ability, when a funny, coldly familiar sensation suddenly started at his feet. Looking down instinctively, he could see nothing wrong with his feet encased in armour, but the feeling was rising, moving up his shin and to his knee. Frantically scanning the armour, he felt terror grip him as the screen before him showed his armour was quickly filling up with water.
“Tony?” Darcy’s sleep-muffled voice called out, causing Tony to look over from where he had been sitting on his stool before holoscreens for the past few hours.
“Oh, my god,” Darcy whistled lowly, eyes going from screen to screen. “Hey, it’s big green!” she pointed her Champagne flute towards where footage of the Hulk could be seen attacking Ross’s men with the sonic cannon from a few years ago.
“Right, send me up there then,” he patted the new invention he held happily as the elevator began to rise.
Although, maybe it was time for him to visit Japan or something? He was sure Pepper would have some menial task on another continent that he could do.
It was no secret among the crew of The Avenger that no one amongst them liked the USC overly much. They all had their own stories – their own difficult histories when dealing with the government group. If Steve was being honest, he was a little surprised the ship hadn’t been tagged by now, in one of those ‘capture first, ask questions later’ kind of coups.
Steve gripped his mug tightly, heart clenching at the unusually soft look on Tony’s face as he spoke.
They’d managed to get Tony out of that place and back to the ship, Pepper providing a descent distraction by pretending to have stumbled upon Stane when delivering some paperwork after hours – a common occurrence in a multi-galactic business.
“It appears that Doom has an army of those Doom bots he keeps making,” Natasha leaned closer to the radar image.
Steve couldn’t help but reach out and take the clenched fist closest to him, wrapping both his hands around it until it relaxed and he could bring it to rest against his own chest, palm over his heart.
“Terribly lonely,” Steve murmured, leaning over to suck a kiss onto Tony’s throat, hands moving down the genius’ body before resting on his ass, squeezing just hard enough to elect an excited puff of breath.
Howard turned it over, roughly pulled and shoved at various parts until he turned disapproving eyes on Tony.
A hush fell over the crowd, and Steve glanced towards the bonfire site as a man and woman both stepped forward, husks held in their hands. They lit each others, before turning to quickly ignite the wood and vegetation that made up the bonfire.
Silence fell between them in the Infirmary, only the staggered sound of Tony trying to regulate his breathing disrupted the normal hum of the ship.
“Blasphemy. No amazing cake for you,” Tony wagged a finger at him, looking briefly away from the oven.
“See,” she looked ridiculously smug in the flickering light of the TV. “You should watch movies with me more often.”
“Come on, Tony,” Obie leaned closer to him, voice lowered. “Our contracts with the military are insisting on us aiding them with finding this monster. It’s an issue of national security. Now… imagine what it would happen if the monster turned up at your sisters’ school. There would be no way of knowing beforehand and it would be very likely that she’d be hurt, killed even.”
A cheer went up throughout the crowd, but Steve’s attention was caught by Tony, as the man happily waved his corn husk in the air with everyone else, the silk still attached to it reflecting the firelight.
“You’re okay, everyone is. You have a concussion and some cracked ribs, but otherwise you’re mostly fine.” Steve reported, his hands coming up to rest on the chair beside the mechanic.
“Yes, so be on standby for any survivors we find. The scan didn’t show us anythin’ much, but it can be wrong if the signs are little or few in number,” Steve said, adjusting the suit as a muffled thud came from the airlock, signally that Clint had established a connection with the other ship.
If Tony was a spy for the USC, one of those filthy people who rose in the ranks through turning in people who tried to flee and escape, who just wanted freedom without hurting anyone…
“I can’t have the USC diggin' into my ID card, Steve. That would not end well for any of us,” Tony said, brown eyes dark.
“A prosperous year ahead for you, then,” the doctor said easily, inspecting the wound via the bright lamp beside her, before beginning to slather some ointment onto Tony’s finger.
That got everyone’s attention, even Tony forced himself into a sitting position, gulping down the rest of his coffee as he listened intently.
!” Tony exclaimed, body jerking in sympathy as Thor looked back to Jane, something like resignation on his face as he even didn’t try to defend himself as she began speaking rapidly to him.
“Right,” though his voice was light, Steve couldn’t help but feel that Tony was getting more information out of just observing the rest of the crew then what they’d want to share. His intelligent brown eyes were categorising those around him and filing away information.
Steve could only see Tony’s eyes from where he stood, the rest of his face was hidden within his arms and legs. But, he looked upset, staring at the book before him like it held the answers to the universe and none of them were good.
Tony looked from screen to screen, not willing to admit even to himself that, whatever it was Phil was bringing to him, it was big.
When the doors finally opened, Tony quickly exited, making a beeline straight for the large couch he usually shared with Darcy and Jane. Sitting down, he was pleased to see that only Clint had arrived thus far, the archer sitting in the armchair Natasha usually claimed.
“Only you could get the idea that we would want you off the team from a psychotic madman ripping into your mind and throwing your deepest fears out into the open,” Clint growled, frustration clear in his voice.
Tony poked at the still moving ear, the dogs’ senses clearly having been severed in the angry throw. It wasn’t very well made; his father was right. It was a lacklustre piece of engineering, not something he should have ever allowed to leave the light of his workshop, certainly not something he should have gifted to someone, even a child who was bound to like anything given to her.
“Oh, hey, you fixed him up,” Steve said, eyes locked on the robotic dog and an almost childlike enthusiasm in his voice.
Abandoning the area he had been mining through for now, Tony climbed towards the surface, the many torches he had dug into the stone and dirt walls of the cave system lighting his way. Upon arriving at the non-descript mouth of the cave, Tony cursed again.
“Alien. Extra-terrestrial. He’s from another planet. ET phone home, only if ET was hot as fuck,” she grinned.
“Darcy’s checking up on me,” he groaned to Steve, putting on a mock offended look when the other man merely chuckled at him.
“Where exactly does one find some foodstuffs around here, anyway?” He changed topics, looking around as if the protein packs were going to materialise from nowhere for him.
“Right, pizza. Well, you’d better go and get the phone, the pizza place won’t ring us themselves,” Tony pushed her gently in the direction of the phone’s cradle, smiling at the enthusiasm that fell over her face at the prospect of using it.
Steve made to leave as well, but the sight of Tony approaching Rumiko made him slip behind a large stack of crates that had no doubt been unloaded from one of the ships nearby. The crates blocked his view, but he was still able to make out the gentle murmur of their voices over the lapping of water against the dock.
“Stark!” Rogers barked out. “Fury didn’t tell me he was calling you in.” Tony was positive he could hear frustration in the other mans’ voice.
Steve felt the bottom of his stomach drop as only years of training kept him seated at the table. The desire to jump to his feet in horror was almost overwhelming.
The secret that laid between the siblings was finally exposed, revealing the chasm that existed between them.
“Oh, gimme,” he unashamedly reached into the bowl and took out a large, sticky handful. As the opening music began to fill the room, Tony didn’t say anything when Steve’s thigh ended up pressed against his own. He remained silent when, at one point during the movie, Steve’s arm somehow appeared on the back of the couch behind him. He definitely didn’t make any noise when said arm pressed against the back of his neck, almost but not quite curling around his shoulders.
Steve was about to get up and quickly run to their room for the lube when an idea hit him, something so hot his cock twitched at just the thought.
“Yes, Jarvis,” Tony said dutifully. He didn’t really want to see her all that much, but he knew that Jarvis wanted him to want to. Ever since the announcement had occurred, the butler had been very excited about the newest edition to the Stark family. Tony didn’t really understand what the big deal was. It was just another person he would rarely see in the huge mansion he lived in.
“I’m sure you’re all aware of the recent series of murders that have been getting news attention. As well as the death of Agent Millar last month,” Fury’s voice was tight at the mention of the death of one of his agents. “We’ve managed to get a lock on the killer and we’re sending you lot in to stop him before hurts anyone else.”
Tony had found his way back to Malibu, where he planned to stay for the next month. He had some serious work to do if he was going to be ready to move out to New York on a more permanent basis in the coming months. Not to mention, he needed to complete the floor plans for the new living areas for the Avengers. He’d managed to do all of them, a variety of differing ways which he hoped would appeal to different tastes, with only Captain America’s floor left to be dressed and furnished.
“See you ‘round,” he quickly turned and disappeared into the sea of dispersing spectators around them, the show now over.
“Come on,” Pepper urged him, placing the cupcake wrapper in the bin before moving towards the elevators, attention mostly on her StarkPad.
“Tony!” There was the sound of movement, and Rumiko’s voice took on an almost desperate edge. “You don’t have to go, Tony. You could stay here, with me. You could finally stop running. We could tell everyone the truth, you could have everything that’s rightfully yours and-”
Thor loudly clanked his empty ale mug down onto the wooden table top, letting out a satisfied laugh and wiping his mouth with the back of his free hand.
Just an hour and then he’d head back to the workshop and finish off some of those projects. He might even think about starting on that Starkphone… maybe.
“Jarivs? Do you think I should get her someone to talk to, or something?” he asked, slumping slightly on his stool.
The sight of a Scow ship seemingly abandoned was almost worse, somehow. The large ships were once primarily used to haul bulky cargo like grain or ore, until more efficient models had been developed. The most common use for the ships nowadays was to be sold off cheap by the factions of the USC and refurbished to serve as transport vessels. They normally housed 15-20 families and were capable of reaching deep into the Rim for a one-way trip.
“Hey, you weren’t the only one scarred from that,” he protested, hiding the smirk trying to break free on his face.
The two made their way to the elevator and down to the ground level of the Tower in silence. Walking up the street amid the hustle and bustle of New York, as if they were any other duo about to have what could potentially be the first of many dates. Tony had half expected Steve to head towards the nearest Starbucks, so he was pleasantly surprised when he was gently guided down a quieter side street, that broad palm once more upon the small of his back.
“Well, that’s improvement, I guess,” he sighed, idly spinning the Captain’s completed room in the air before him.
Thanks for everyone whose stuck with me throughout the year-long posting of this monster. I can't believe what started out as just an idea of Darcy and Tony being related turned into 60k+ words. Overall I really love this story and, perhaps at a later date, I'll explore more of what happens next.
“Watch the ship for me, would you? I need to see to somethin’,” he waved a hand towards The Avenger as he quickly moved down the ramp, eyes trained on where he’d last seen Tony.
Tony mentally held up a white flag. So, what if he had a fully functional helper bot, capable of independent thoughts and decisions that was essentially named after a simile of the word ‘idiot’? At least, he supposed, watching his sister and the machine interact; everyone appeared to be happy.
Tony set the four mugs down on the table before sliding them to their owners. Throwing himself into his seat beside Steve, the brunet took a drink from his mug, eyes sparkling with amusement as he watched Clint and Thor.
The look on Steve’s face, however, made him relax slightly, though confusion filled him all the same. The soldier looked more affectionately amused than irritated, that familiar small smile quirking his lips upwards, his chin resting on a palm. There was some ridiculous looking sugary drink in front of him, as well as a plate with two scones, jam and cream in little dishes beside it.
“They’ll pay fifteen credits and no more. You don’t want the business, I’ll take them somewhere else,” the man calmed down somewhat and the two eyed one another for a long moment before the seller huffed out an irritate breath.
“Tony, how could you think that we would want you to leave the team? You’re the one who feeds us and makes sure we’re happy and healthy,” Bruce said softly.
“Please, no gang signs,” Tony almost laughed when the soldier lowered his hand. “No, throw it up, I’m kidding. Yeah, peace. We all love peace.”
“Ay, I saw many things of value as we walked through. Tis strange though, as if the occupants simply vanished into the Dark,” Thor frowned, an expression not normally found on the jovial man’s face.
Walking back into the belly of the ship, Steve finally found his wayward passenger in the engine room, up to his elbows in the bullet shaped engine.
The rest of the room slowly resumed eating, but Steve found his mind latching onto the nagging thought he’d had ever since Tony had begun his story. While certain areas in the ‘verse all had their own mannerisms and way of speaking, there was a certain slang and verbal tics that the wealthy and aristocratic of the ‘verse all subscribed to. In his crew, both Natasha and Bruce had that wealthy tic, Natasha through her companion training, and Bruce from his education to become a doctor. Thor spoke with an unusual over enunciation of words due to his upbringing in a small pocket solar system on the very edge of the Core planets, one that didn’t often get visitors from the rest of the ‘verse. Prior to now, Tony had spoken with a surfs’ tongue like Steve and Clint.
“Thought I’d come see you before I cleaned up the room,” the moan wasn’t entirely hidden in Tony’s voice as he dropped his head to the side to offer up more skin for Steve to bite and suck at, a possessive pleasure spiking down his spine at the thought of everyone seeing the marks on Tony’s throat.
“I’m sorry, but I’m not lettin' you die on my ship,” Steve said firmly, and grabbed Tony’s shirt, neatly cutting it up the middle before he pulled it open at the front, sleeves preventing it from being removed completely.
“But, what if, I mean…” He took a deep breath before looking at her directly. “What if he doesn’t feel the same?” He asked quietly.
“What’s that?” she asked when she’d pulled back, eyes tracking the jacket wrapped object with excitement.
“Oh, and hold onto this for me,” he shoved the frayed pressure belt into the large mans’ hands as he passed him.
It had been the simplest of ways to pay him back by helping out with that compression core, especially when it became clear that none of them knew what they were looking for in terms of price and quality. Before The Avenger, Tony had helped out with a few repair jobs to get from planet to planet, but it was always with a carefully kept distance and his senses on alert the entire time he was in the air with a strange crew. No one would be around to help him if something went down on a ship in the air.
“Really? That’s awesome. Can I have one? Or like, ten?” Clint asked, unusually polite from what Tony had seen of the other man over the past few weeks.
Darcy made an odd squealing noise, normally associated with teenyboppers in the presence of hot young male celebrities, and pulled on his arm as, apparently, his sedate pace wasn’t to her liking.
“What’s happening?” Steve asked, voice slipping into the slightly deeper tone he used when he was more Captain America the superhero than Steve Rogers the huge dork.
It didn’t matter that Obadiah (not Obie, never that name again) had guided him for the last ten plus years. No one, and Tony meant not a single living, or even non-living being, was going to threaten someone he cared about.
Thus, the habit was born, that every time Tony found himself stuck with his designs or the prototype just wouldn’t function correctly, Tony would find some cleaning supplies in the cabinet under the sink and he’d start cleaning the table, or polishing the wooden banister, or even do the normally neglected dishes. Even after Jarvis’s passing, Tony still found something about the lemon-scented cleaning fluids and the repetitive motions involved with cleaning that would clear his had and allow his brain to figure out what the solution was while his hands were busy.
“Relax, my boy, it’s just me. I sent the others out of the room, why don’t you sit down and calm your sister?” he gestured to the couch pushed against the side of the room.
“You were awfully quite before, Jarvis,” he said slowly, glancing at where he knew one of the hidden cameras was located. “You didn’t happen to know what Darcy was up to, did you?”
It was a stupid, foolhardy idea that was bound to get him yelled at later on. Pepper would be furious with him, and the public would once again be gossiping about what a reckless playboy he could be. If Darcy saw it she’d probably just sigh.
“It looks like they were out to settle a new colony. They have everythin’ a new ecosystem would need to survive; medicine, food, families of people,” Steve looked around critically. The whole situation wasn’t sitting well with him. He just couldn’t work out where the people had disappeared to.
Steve didn’t know what it was about mechanics, but they never seemed to last long on his ship. They were always a wrong fit for the rest of his crew, and he had long since given up on finding one person who would be able to do the job to his standards and willing to stay with them long-term. As a result, the engine was probably not in the best shape and Steve had resorted to giving lifts to people who had some mechanical knowledge just to keep his ship in the sky.
“Huh,” he cocked his head to the side, slightly chagrined to see that he’d decked out the Captain’s floor thematically with Captain American memorabilia, everything either red, white or blue.
Sitting on the couch with his sister while a movie played before them wasn’t all that unusual, Tony had been doing in since before the DVD was even invented and Darcy had spent a week carrying around a CD soundtrack from Aqua - of all godforsaken bands - claiming that she wanted to ‘watch’ the film. He’s also spent an entire Summer watching and re-watching the animated Alice in Wonderland movie,
Electronic lock picks were mighty expensive, but very useful for those who walked the grey side of the moral compass. Steve retrieved the lock pick and safely tucked it back into his pocket, before he raised his own gun and entered the room.
To his surprise, Tony’s cheeks grew pink, and the man turned away bashfully, looking rather pleased. Steve took that as agreement on Tony’s behalf to revisit the conversation later on, before he turned back to their current job.
“I’m not going to listen to that one eyed pirate tell me how to battle a giant bug more efficiently. There should never again be a need for me to know that,” Tony said.
They broke through the crowd and the woman led them past the game stalls to a small tent that was more like a few large swatches of fabric being held up by rope. A pallet of straw was on the ground to act as a bed, with two wooden chairs in what remained of the small space.
“See you around, Captain Rogers.” Tony gave him a small, two fingered salute and reached over to pick up his bag, which Steve hadn’t even noticed was sitting on the floor against one of the honeycomb shaped walls. The man brushed past him, the air shifting as he made his way to the cargo hold.
“Yeah, not today,” Steve couldn’t keep the small smile off his face. He’d sooner see his ship in ruins then allow the USC to get their hands on his crew.
It didn’t take much for Tony to end up on his back, wrists pinned to the ground by Obie’s hands as the larger man effectively sat on him to keep him still.
Someone who had selflessly offered to help a member of his crew, even if it was only for a small thing like a burn, had to be a somewhat good person.
There was a moment of scuffling as Clint attempted to sit on Tony again, but Steve held him back. They finally quietened down when Steve pushed Clint onto the floor at the other end of the couch, before sitting down on the middle seat so that he was between them both.
“Young Master, shall we go and meet your new sister?” Jarvis asked as he moved towards the grand staircase, a hand extended towards Tony, beckoning from the shadows.
“I am. We could use someone like you,” Steve nodded slightly, refusing to examine why he was pushing this so hard. Even if Clint had said that the man was a good addition, it was ultimately up to Steve to keep them all in the sky with limited threats of incarceration.
Her lips snapped shut, and Steve knew he’d get nothing more out of her this way. It didn’t matter though, he’d already found out what he needed to know.
Reaching out, Tony grabbed the metal bar that acted as a lock, and twisted it around before pulling it upwards, the metallic squeal of cogs shifting behind the door. Holding it with both hands, Tony pulled the heavy door slowly open, peering into the darkness as he did so.
“You are the most ridiculous brother on the face of the Earth,” she kissed his cheek and turned away, unable to completely hide the smile on her face.
“And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division until such a time as I can decide what the future of the company will be.”
The silence down the line lasted long enough for Tony to grow uncomfortable, breath coming slightly more easily despite the tightness to his chest.
Darcy spent the rest of the day playing with her new pet - dubbed ‘Sparky’, because there was no way ‘Spike’ suited a dog that ran off electricity, duh, Tony - unwilling to let the robot out of her sight for more than a minute at a time. Even Jarvis had agreed that Sparky was an impressive bit of engineering, once Tony had assured the man that it hadn’t eaten into his study time and that, no, he hadn’t blown off doing extra credit work just to make his sister a present.
“Thank you,” Tony whispered, before leaning forward and pressing his lips to Steve’s in a chaste kiss. Strong arms came around his waist and pulled him so that their bodies were pressed together.
“Fath’e?” she called out, cheeks wet and pink, hands still clutching at the door handle as if that was all that held her upright.
Tony just smiled helplessly, knowing without a doubt that when they got to the workshop there would indeed be three new motor oil cans, probably with large, obnoxiously coloured bows and streamers hanging off of them, sitting on one of the work tables.
Steve had been politer about it, stopping by on his motorcycle and interrupting Tony as he was on his way to the workshop. After one awkward conversation that had consisted primarily of uncomfortable silences and stilted sentences, Tony had given up and told the soldier he was welcome to stay, ask JARVIS where his floor was, he’d see him later. It hadn’t been one of his braver moments; Tony had to admit.
Silence stretched between them, Tony staring at him unable to talk as Steve’s mind whirled with possible answers.
“But you’re wrong,” Tony drew out the ‘o’ sound, snorting as if bemused at himself for having done so.
“You’re ridiculous,” Tony exclaimed, looking delighted as he stole back his mug and drank what remained.
“That’s the idea.” He agreed, before pulling out slowly so only the head remained inside, enjoying the torturous feel of it for a moment.
That was why Tony needed to do something about the car battery he had to carry around. Not to mention the
“I hear we picked up a mechanic,” she said upon seeing him, her head tilted slightly to the side in question, causing her short red hair to brush against her cheek.
“He looks incredible. Can I pat him?” Steve asked, leaning slightly into Tony’s space, eyes hopeful as they darted between Tony and Sparky.
“Steve. I promise, I rarely ask for favours, and it’s bad timin’ that I need to now as we’ve not known one another for long. But, I need to get to Timbetpal. I
Even if Maria Stark hadn’t been much of a mother while she was alive, Tony was going to make damn sure that she was the most amazing mother in the world in death.
Tony moved from the room with a degree of gratitude, he hoped he didn’t stumble across something like that again anytime soon. It was going to be yet another thing to keep him awake at night.
“I don’t wanna see hide nor hair of you for the whole night, or the Featherbrain gets it,” Tony threatened, a smile hidden at the corner of his mouth.
“Darcy is your sister. You’ve just lost your mother and now only have your father to rely on. She’s going to need you to take care of her. She will be your responsibility to protect.”
Tony and Steve hadn’t patched things up between them since the incident last week, as ignored that there was a problem and continued on their way, living together in overly polite, stilted conversation.
“Don’t move it.” He said firmly, waiting a moment before slowly releasing Tony’s wrist. The other man whined long and loud, but he didn’t move his hand, despite the fact Steve could physically see the muscles in Tony’s thighs and stomach twitching in desperation. Leaning back fully now, Steve pushed Tony’s legs upwards so that he could see where Tony’s own finger disappeared up into himself.
“Open it,” she gently encouraged, rocking up onto her tiptoes for a moment, before falling back with a dull thud that echoed in the car park.
While the others just looked at her as if she was speaking a foreign language – and even then there was a fairly good chance that, between them all, they’d somewhat understand her if she did – when Steve had a moment of understanding.
“Come on, let’s go,” Steve just grinned, ignoring the comment as he stepped back and gestured to the elevator.
(and yes, if Tony had to watch Tim Burton’s 2010 version of the film any time in the next five years, he’d throw his StarkPad through the flat-screen).
Before he was properly ready, they were pulling up for the press conference and Obie was rushing forwards to open the car door for him. Tony had only seconds to give Darcy’s arm a quick, reassuring squeeze, before he was on stage and announcing the news that he knew was going to have ongoing consequences for everyone he cared about.
“I grew angry with him. He was someone I loved very much, who I had shared many stories of my past with, and yet I knew nothing of his. In a fit of anger, I acted rashly and hired someone to investigate him.”
It didn’t take long for Steve to see that there wasn’t anything salvageable where he was, whatever had destroyed the ship had ripped open most of the possible compartment holds in the process and whatever had been stored there had no doubt drifted into the Dark already.
“Dammit, Darcy!” Tony whirled around, furious. “You don’t understand. That was my name on those weapons. All the innocent people who were killed or hurt because of me and what I’d created; what I’ve let slip through my fingers because of my willingness to ignore the hard parts, the difficult decisions, the things I said were too boring for me to bother with,” deflating, Tony sighed and ran a hand through his sweaty hair as he sat leaning against one of the desks.
“Yeah, well, we’ve got work to do,” Tony said, moving towards the car where Happy readily opened it for the Stark siblings to pile into the back, Pepper joining Happy in the front, the PA twisting around in her seat so that she could keep her eyes on her boss.
Steve frowned immediately at the name. The Ten Rings was an organisation that had no moral code. They were famed for their ability to snatch people off the streets of even the most fortified of planets. The people that fell victim to them were never heard from again, but rumours of the torture and heavy experimentation that they suffered at the Ten Rings hands were enough to turn even the most iron clad of stomachs. Steve, himself, had only ever heard the rumours, though more than a few passing travellers in various bars and taverns on planets both near and far knew someone who was related to one of the alleged victims.
“Hence the name ‘Pepper’, right?” Darcy asked from the couch, a bit of amusement tinging her voice again.
They remained silent, the hum of the engine the only sound around them. Steve felt adrift, not sure what to do in this situation. He’d never seen Tony act like this before, but then Steve hardly knew the man. Tony had been with them for such a short amount of time, there was no way he had seen every layer of him. Something about that thought pissed him off and he was about to open his mouth and try to get some actual answers out of him, when Tony sat up slightly, a determined look settling on his face.
Pepper looked as put-together as always and, in a single look, observed the situation before her and took control.
He was further surprised when he saw that they weren’t alone in the lounge, but that the rest of the Tower’s residences - minus Jane - were in the room too, none of them looking particularly pleased.
“Hey, Cupcake,” he warmly returned the hug with one arm, making sure to keep his present safe with his free hand.
“You’re not seriously suggesting what I think you’re suggesting, because you’re a smart girl, Darc, and this would be potentially a really, really stupid idea,” Tony sighed loudly, having known as soon as he’d seen the news headline that morning and the swiftness of her phone call, that nothing he said would matter if she had already set her heart on this ridiculous idea.
“It is just after eight in the morning, Young Miss,” Jarvis helpfully supplied, as Tony had no idea what time it was, what with there being no windows in the workshop.
After levelling a forest in Germany through Captain America’s refusal to listen to his advice, Tony was more than happy to ditch the two with Loki and Natasha on the Quinjet and fly back the Helicarrier alone.
“I’ll see what I can do, Tony. You just get to working on those designs for me and I’ll try and convince everyone that being here with you is what’s best for Darcy,” Obie finally said, the familiar shadow of a smile on his face.
Steve bit his tongue for a long moment, mind working hard through possible reasons and outcomes. Tony had seemed pleased before when he’d met Pepper, so it was unlikely that she was a danger to him. However, Steve had been burned by those he trusted before…
“Oh, a lucky one, or just got too close to the flames?” The doctor asked as she put her book aside and stood, ushering Tony towards her. She pulled a small tube of ointment from one of the pockets of her skirt and uncapped it.
“And without Tony Stark, there’d be no Stark Tower to house us all,” Natasha said, a small smile curving her lips upward.
She huffed, cheeks pink, but nodded her head and allowed him to turn and lead the way to The Avenger.
“Did you miss me?” Tony tried for a joke, his throat tight as exhaustion threatened to hit him hard.
“Tony,” her voice was weaselling already, before she pointed the camera phone at the television. The news coverage of the biggest thing to happen in science in years, that of Doctor Banner’s recent exposure of gamma radiation and subsequent development of an alter-ego, recently dubbed the ‘Hulk’, was on the screen.
Despite the obvious addition of flora in the room, not one person said anything about the small coffee tree, it’s white flowers emitting the gentle scent of jasmine that was quickly overpowered by the familiar breakfast smells.
“There must be retina security for some of the cells,” she grunted, the smacking sound of metal connecting with flesh crackling over the line.
“I’ve found Doctor Kafka,” he managed to get out, swallowing repeatedly to try and stave off his rolling stomach. “She’s dead, and one of her eyes’ is missing.”
Steve stepped from the bullet-shaped capsule that acted as transportation between the landing docks on the surface of Aquamarine, and the entry point to the capital city – Atlantis. Patting down his pockets to make sure he still had everything – one could never be too careful with so many thieves in the ‘verse – he glanced back at Tony and Thor who had accompanied him. Thor appeared as jovial as usual, his eyes already zeroing in on the nearby fried squid and crab stands that offered street foods to newly arrived guests. Tony, however, was looking around them curiously.
Brought out of his dark musings about failed relationships, Tony looked up to see Steve setting down a coffee cup in front of him. Reaching for it immediately, he breathed in the familiar scent of coffee beans and boiled water, with just a hint of milk and sugar, before taking a sip and enjoying the burn as it slid down his throat.
Tony took a moment to try and catch his breath, his fuzzy mind making it difficult to parse through even a single thought. Nothing felt real. Obie was lying on the floor before him, head clearly dented, but not a drop of blood was to be seen. It didn’t seem possible that he’d stopped the other man with nothing more than a lamp, admittedly a very heavy and expensive one.
As the patriotic speech wound down, the reporters were invited to ask questions, and Tony put as much energy as he had into deflecting and intercepting. This was going to be a long conference.
“Oh, there she is, come on and I’ll introduce you to her.” She began to walk over to the large tree that acted as a focal point for the festival, the numerous baskets of produce hanging from its thick branches and piled up at the base of the trunk like an offering.
If Steve ever bumped into the people who had hired them for this job again, he was going to give them a reminder to tell their clients all the details involved in a job. A reminder that would come from flesh and serve as a message to anyone in the future who might try and trick him and his crew into taking such a stupid, risky job.
Tony hummed, his eyes slipping shut as he raised a hand and tentatively prodded at the small bandage Bruce had put on the cut on his head.
“The best cake in the entire world,” Tony said promptly, turning back to the oven to stare through the glass at the chocolaty goodness within. He had lost count of how many times he had stared through an oven door and watched a cake slowly bake within.
“The glare you send Clint every time he says something to Tony is practically radiating ‘mine’ for the whole world to see. I’m actually a little amazed and embarrassed on his behalf that he hasn’t noticed you yet.” She frowned slightly.
“Yes, but unlike my father,” Tony began, positioning his feet subtly against the ground for maximum leverage. “I know who not to trust.”
“I like aliens,” she said simply, before offering him a large, toothy grin, cheeks still wet but the look on her face as if nothing had ever happened. Tony was startled into laughter.
It was better than Steve’s initial concern that Tony would constantly be taking apart various household appliances and leaving their insides strewn about the tower as this, sadly had been a legitimate concern after the soldier had caught a glimpse through the glass walls of the man’s workshop.
“Well, anyway, I thought you could use this as a networking opportunity. I know you don’t want to get into any kind of hard science, but it never hurts - in a political respect, which is kinda your degree - to know the people who crank the motor for the human race’s progress forwards.”
Final words said, the door shut. Tony waited until the elevator had started moving before covering his face with a hand.
“See, someone knows how to be helpful around here, rather than just watching me suffer,” Tony grouched at the rest of the room, which was definitely everyone now that he didn’t have an archer shaped obstacle in his face.
Hearing his sister had been kidnapped, Tony had immediately attempted to contact his father to find out what was being done to get her back.
“Oh, wouldn’t have thought there’d be much of a need for that seein’ as the USC makes all settled planets habitable for humans,” Tony said, voice only borderline polite.
In the end, it was only after she’d worn herself out and Jarvis had intervened, laying down the law as it was, that she’d given up fighting and proceeded to sulk for two whole days. After many promises to ring regularly and visit often, she’d finally relented and subjected Tony to a tearful farewell.
Tony had only seen his mother briefly in passing twice since she and Howard had held the press conference to announce the pregnancy to the world. Tony, himself, had found out about it after his teacher had heard it on the TV and thought to congratulate him on his expanding family.
The others had been silently watching the byplay till that moment. Steve sitting on the couch with a novel in hand, Clint and Natasha having been watching TV, and Bruce was seated on a recliner beneath the single lamp in the room.
Many thanks so the wonderful MxGryffindorOtaku for excellent beta work! Any further mistakes are all on me.
Tony didn’t, of course, reveal to Obie or anyone besides Darcy the truth behind the organisation creation. To the rest of the world, he was the successful and loving son creating something beautiful in memory of the mother he lost as a child.
Howard Stark hadn’t been good for too much, in Tony’s opinion, but the massive arc reactor powering the Stark Industries complexes was a thing of futuristic beauty. If Tony could harness that power, miniaturize it, and use that to replace the car battery and cables. Well. Tony wasn’t a genius for nothing. Not only could he save himself the pain of electric shocks every time they decided to try drowning him, but he could also use it as a power source to get out of this place.
“Right, let’s get ready then.” Steve pushed himself to his feet as the others followed suit, Thor pausing to give Jane a quick kiss.
“So, what’s so urgent that you need me to go down right away?” he asked, as the elevator doors shut and they began their descent.
“Are you staying for pizza as well?” Tony asked Rhodey, not wanting to admit, even to himself, how much he hopped that the person who was his only male friend would want to stay just a little while longer with him, with them.
“I’m not little, I’m thirteen, a teenager,” Darcy sounded far too pleased about this fact for Tony’s comfort.
When the doctor was putting the last of the sticky gauze over the tenderly reattached edges of the wound, he paused, a hand lightly resting atop it.
“It’s not,” Tony stubbornly tried to tell himself, the water creeping up his shoulders now, body shivering so uncontrollably that he had to clench his teeth to prevent them from chattering.
“Ah, date’s goin’ well then, I see,” Clint winked at them, completely unaffected by the glare Steve threw him.
Reaching out, he took Darcy’s hand and solemnly asked for a dance, making a show of it and unintentionally making the older woman swoon.
The look Steve sent him clearly said that he didn’t appreciate Tony’s flair, and the table quickly lapsed into silence.
Yet, there was almost something artistic about the way in which they’d been displayed, that the killers had been careful to put the most mutilated of the bodies on the outside for show.
“Remember what I said, don’t move.” He ordered, a shiver of delight running up his spine when Tony groaned.
His father was right, in a way. Tony would never consider making something for Darcy to be wasting time, but it had been stupid to make her a robotic dog. It served no function other than amusement, it held no practical purpose.
“You know, I gave you a StarkPad so you wouldn’t have to use those bulky papers anymore,” he said casually, zeroing in on the large glass dome that kept all the cupcakes fresh.
“Work? Or sightseein'?” Tony crinkled his nose. “Actually, it was work, wasn’t it? I can’t really see you as a tourist type of guy.”
Opening his eyes, he glanced at Natasha and Clint, their equally surprised faces confirmed that neither of them had known about the planets status either.
“Just wanted to know if you were wearing the pyjamas I bought you,” he said simply, smiling when she moved to stand before a mirror, her smallish dorm room at university reflected in its surface. She posed for him ridiculously, showing off the grey pyjama pants and the old MIT shirt she’d stolen from him years ago.
On the other hand, the idea of standing before a group of tenacious people who were all out for the best story, irrespective of if it was true, fictitious, or even logical, was terrifying. Tony had been doing press conferences since his father had passed, Stane eager to push him into the spotlight and gain sympathy from the general public for Stark Industries. He had only been able to prevent Darcy from suffering the same fate through a lot of promised favours and dealings with the man. The fact that Darcy went by ‘Lewis’ for the most part, also helped.
“Darcy?” he queried, pushing himself up and off the couch and moving over to her, surprised but unable to stop a smile from stretching across his face.
“We’d really like it if you would join us. We’re apparently watching some newly released movie that Darcy’s been going on about. Something to do with singing groups, I think?” Steve looked adorably confused for a moment, before he smiled shyly at Tony.
?” he asked, but Darcy seemed to suddenly notice the other people in the room and that captured her full attention.
“Of course, he’s been here before, what are you-” Pepper suddenly broke off, realisation breaking over her face as she realised how badly she’d misjudged the situation.
“Attention cargo cruiser ship, designation ‘The Avenger’, ID registration number 110-412. On behalf of the Universal Security Council a warrant for your detainment and arrest has been previously issued. Halt in the name of the law and prepare to be boarded immediately.
“He would only accept my clearance to enter the house after I gave him the password. A password I didn’t even know,” she sounded amused more than annoyed.
“You made your choice years ago, Rumiko. We proved we were unable to trust each other. It’s for the best that we leave the past where it belongs, behind us,” Tony’s voice was soft, but steel was hidden beneath the words. Whatever their history was, Tony seemed determined not to revisit it.
“Of course, doctor,” Steve glanced behind to Traveller, the attentive look of a student learning from their teacher on his face.
“We’ve no business now,” Steve suddenly said, thinking about the various sights that New, New York advertised as THE place to visit.
“Only you,” Tony sighed loudly, feeling a little hopelessly fond. “Only you could go to a tiny town in the middle of nowhere and end up encountering an alien.”
Steve didn’t appear dissuaded by Tony’s slightly alarming eagerness, instead the large grin that never failed to make Tony’s stomach flop burst over his face and his eyes glowed in the off-colour light.
Tony huffed, the warm breath washing across Steve's face, before the mechanic lent forward and pressed their lips together in a short kiss.
“Well, you remember how I sent you that photo of that weird guy I may or may not have tased?” she asked slowly.
“That’s what you want, isn’t it?” Steve pulled his shirt completely off, momentarily mourning the loss of Tony’s ass beneath his hands, before putting one hand back on a cheek, the other aimed at releasing the buttons on Tony’s jeans.
Thor really was as impressive as Darcy had said he was. Tony would do a lot to be able to study that special little hammer of his. What she’d failed to mention was how ridiculous he looked in his Halloween costume. That, and how much of an ass the man - the god, whatever - was.
“Captain, report to the bridge. Captain to the bridge,” Clint’s voice called over the PA system and Steve let out a small sigh as he pushed away from the railing.
Steve shrugged, feeling embarrassment try to crawl up his spine and warm his cheeks. He took another swing of his drink and the feeling abated, though a different sort of flush warming his cheeks now.
“Tony, oh my god, what the hell is happening in New York? It’s all over the news and they’re saying aliens are attacking and-” her voice was bordering on hysterical.
He turned his glare onto her, which she ignored as she iced the rest of the cupcakes with a thick, vanilla frosting.
Only a few minutes later Bruce returned, the small, pleased smile quirking the corner of his mouth telling Steve that the man had found something to add to either his stocks of medical equipment or research.
get there, with or without your help,” Tony stood as he spoke, his body unconsciously preparing itself for a fight in the heavy way he set his feet and his hands clenched into loose fists at his sides.
“I can’t believe the clean-up is still making the front page,” Clint said with a loud groan from where he was leaning over the back of Steve’s seat at the kitchen table. Waving a hand in disgust, the archer moved off towards a cabinet where he pulled out his cereal and then reached over to the fridge for the milk.
There was a disappointed sounding beep from Dummy, and he lowered his claw to the ground, clearly expressing his disappointment. Tony groaned and mentally despaired at how spoilt his bots had become.
Tony let out a hum as he fiddled with the electronic file, keying it into his system so that Jarvis could extract the information for him.
“He taught me all sorts of recipes when Tony went off to university, mostly – I think – to keep me out of trouble.”
“I am not.” Tony stretched out a leg to nudge her thigh, to which she whipped around and smacked his shin with the handle end of the spatula.
Arms suddenly locked around his torso, pinning his own arms to his sides and forcing him to remain still, unable to escape.
“I’m glad you’re still alive, Rumiko,” Tony finally broke the silence. “Though, I won’t lie and say I hope we meet again.”
Steve heard the duel echo of him in the cargo hold and through the small mic built into the helmet as he slid his own over his head.
Leaning back against the stairs of the catwalk in the cargo hold, he felt a tension leave his muscles that had been there since they’d landed on the planet. Safely away from the danger for now, Steve closed his eyes for a moment, gun hanging limply from his hand.
“You got a family?” Tony asked Yinsen in one of the few down moments they shared in their cave of a cell. He was dirty, exhausted and missing Darcy like a constant ache beside his mostly missing sternum. What he wouldn’t give for his clean and comfortable bed back home.
“Finally, someone who speaks English,” he walked over to the man, silently admitting that he could now weigh in on Darcy’s rants about how amazing and handsome the good doctor was.
Nothing he tried was working. Every element he attempted was vetoed by Jarvis as unstable or unsuitable. Staring at his latest blood toxicity result, Tony once again wracked his brain, trying to find the loophole he needed that had thus far eluded him. After everything, there had to be something left for him to try. He wasn’t the type of person to accept defeat lying down.
“Someone didn’t read their info packets on their team members,” Tony singsonged, an easy smile lifting his lips as Darcy rolled her eyes at him.
“Darc? What’re you doing up?” he glanced at one of the surrounding computer screens nearby that showed the time to be almost midnight, almost a new year, a new century.
“Take it back. I have a fantastic ass, you dick,” Clint all but sat on Tony, seemingly unfazed by Tony’s attempts to push him away.
The room seemed to hold its breath, except for Tony who was smiling lazily now, that humming sound coming and going every few seconds, as if he couldn’t quite remember a tune.
Steve suppressed the need to laugh, Tony’s own awkwardness boosting his bravery and relaxing his tense muscles.
Behind him, three men equally as ugly appeared from the dark depths of the bar, all looking ruby faced and ready to shed blood.
So, I'm still not entirely happy with how this turned out. But, it's come to a point that I've written, and rewritten, and re-rewritten these scenes so many times that I've accepted not everything I write is going to be perfect to me.
Steve was cooking; the scent of blueberry pancakes in the air and the smell of freshly made toast along with bacon was making stomachs rumble hungrily. Tony was sitting at the table, still half asleep with a coffee cup cradled in front of him as if it held all the answers to life’s little problems within its liquid depths. Bruce was explaining something about an Asian tea to Natasha as the kettle boiled, Clint eating his usual pre-breakfast cereal while perched on his seat rather than sitting like a normal person. Thor had a small mountain of poptarts that Jane had given in and made for him while she, herself, was reading a Scientific Monthly magazine. Darcy was pulling out numerous plates from the cupboards and cutlery from the yet to be emptied dishwasher.
Without warning, Howard threw the robot into one of the walls, effectively waking Darcy from her slumber and making Tony jump to his feet. Heart thumping in his chest, Tony’s eyes flickered from his father to Darcy, body tense and poised to jump forward and protect his sister if he needed to.
“Please, I need you to make my father take this seriously. I need you to get my sister back as fast and as safely as possible,” Tony said quietly, refusing to acknowledge the begging tone in his voice.
“I’m here, I’m here,” he whispered into her hair like a mantra, at a loss for what else he could possibly say to comfort her when the world as they knew it had just been completely, irrevocably changed.
“Well, this is me,” Steve cut in softly as the doors opened to his floor, and Tony couldn’t help but glance into Steve’s floor.
“Didn’t you ever want to see the recreated Statue of Liberty? Or the rebuilt Empire State Buildin'?” Toby looked thoughtful as he lent his head in the palm of his hand, elbow perched upon the table.
Once the immediate impact had died down, Steve stood up straight again, releasing the station only to wrap one arm around Tony’s waist to keep him close as he looked over to Natasha and Clint.
“We’ve got to go wider on the public awareness campaign,” Pepper gently pushed Darcy from the frame, excitement also visible on her face as she began rapidly firing off ideas and lists of what they’d have to do in the near future.
Tony was ready to lie down on the couch and sleep for a month. It had been a rough couple of weeks, made worse by Vanko, the government trying to get his Iron Man suits and then SHIELD sticking its nose in - not that Tony was upset he had been saved, he just would’ve liked to have figured out the cure himself. He was just getting his wish, sitting down on the couch, when Jarvis altered him to an incoming call from his sister.
"I don't want to see you two snoggin' in the cargo bay every time I come in here from now on," Clint crowed, waving a finger at them and looking delighted at the opportunity to tease them for their PDA.
“Oh, DC!” Darcy appeared back in the frame, this time cutting Pepper off as she grabbed hold of the woman’s arm and leaned slightly into the screen. “Can I go? It’s been ages since I was last in DC.”
Tony had a moment to try and get his brain to function properly, mind still sliding between what was real and what was his imagination, when a gunshot sounded and he squeezed his eyes shut, ready for the pain and oblivion to engulf him.
Copying what the locals were doing, Steve carefully held the husk towards the bottom of the flames, waiting only long enough for it to catch fire, before lifting it and with a jerky shove, sending it into the middle of the growing fire.
The smile faded entirely, however, when Tony made it to the bathroom and pulled out his rectangular blood toxicity reader. Feeling the small pinch in his thumb, followed by the evidence of the rising level of poison in his blood stream, caused his heart to clench. Falling forwards onto the sink, he stared at his reflection as emotions warred within him.
“You got drunk and took one of your cars out for a drive. You hit a wet patch on the road and skidded into a tree, you only barely survived,” Steve took another step towards him, hands raised in a placating manner.
“Do you want to talk about it? It’s not about that ridiculous Y2K Bug thing, is it?” he asked quietly, stroking back her hair as she let out a small sniff. Darcy had been extremely concerned about the whole thing when she’d seen the news reporting on people’s panic over it. Tony thought people needed to calm the hell down.
He also might have found a tin of cupcakes waiting for him on her bed with a sticky note on the lid, his sisters familiar writing on it.
Steve shifted his weight to one arm, pulling back so he could see Tony’s face as he traced a finger across the open seam of Tony’s lips before pushing it into the warm cavern, bitting his own lip at the feeling of the skilful tongue sliding over his finger.
“I’m not interested in the customs developed on planets by various settlements. I’m looking at the biochemical make up of humans and how that’s developed after being exposed to various foreign stimuli.”
“I got turned around on one of my runs, went down a street too early, and found this place. I’ve been here a couple of times, but apart from some shock the first time, they basically leave me to my own devices,” Steve said with a small smile. Tony nodded, understanding that being as famous as they were, sometimes just having a place they could go, where no one asked you for an autograph, or a picture, or to regale them with stories of what you’d done in recent battles, it was a life line. It was the only way they could pretend that they were just ordinary people, doing something extraordinary. Something that Tony knew Steve valued greatly.
“Are you seriously holding hostage negotiations with me over my coffee cup?” he asked, some of the disbelief he was feeling clear in his voice.
“Relax, Pepper, everything will be fine,” Tony gave her a grin, squashing down the nerves he felt at the idea of being in front of a pack of hungry vultures with a group of inexperienced, unstable and highly susceptible to provocation, individuals.
“Tony,” Steve cut in, knowing that getting Natasha to introduce herself when she wasn’t being paid was a pain in the ass, and Bruce was often sketchy about new people due to his disappearing act a couple of years ago.
"Still, can't let him get too comfortable," he said, pulling away from Steve completely and moving towards the crates Clint had previously been messing about with.
Tony and plants were not a great combination. There was a reason all of Tony’s creations were self-sufficient and didn’t require actual feeding and looking after.
“You want me to turn the ship around, to go over four days outta our way, just so you can do somethin’ you ain’t even gonna tell me about, on a tiny planet where we won’t get no job? You must be moonbrained, maybe we need to get you to the bughouse?” Steve snorted, unamused.
Thankfully, Tony quickly seemed to come to some kind of conclusion, as he pulled away from the counter, dropping the cloth in the sink before making a beeline for the elevator, muttering something about transfusers as he went.
“Tony, we need to get to the wound so that we can patch it up,” Steve said, voice patient despite the urgency of the situation. He viciously supressed the rising panic within his gut. Anger over someone shooting Tony replaced it, and he allowed that to fill him, to give him the energy he needed to complete the task at hand.
“Serious? What’s Tony doin’ takin’ things from there and buryin’ them all the way out here?” Clint asked, peering closer at the notebook in Steve’s hand.
Mugs safely returned, they slowly walked towards the ship. The bonfire was still burning, but there were noticeably less people about. Some of the locals were working on cleaning up already, getting a head start before tomorrow morning.
“Hey, Doc, my friend here’s got a burnt finger, think you can patch ‘em up for me?” The woman said, jerking her thumb over her shoulder towards them as she addressed the woman reading in one of the wooden chairs.
it was sad that his mother had died. He knew he should have been crying, and possibly hiding away in his room. But, his mother had never been a particularly large presence in his life. It felt more like a family friend of his parents had passed away, someone who was occasionally over for dinners and would absentmindedly congratulate him on his latest accomplishments.
“Darcy, it’s the carpark. My carpark, for that matter,” he glanced down at himself, still only wearing his boxers from when he’d crashed earlier and a black singlet. If he were a more modest man, he’d probably be embarrassed to be parading around in a carpark - of all places - in nothing else. Even if it was his own, private carpark where only his cars, Steve’s bike, and Happy’s limo were stored.
“Lady Darcy, you too have found your way to me again?” Thor joyfully went to her, pulling her into a similarly enthusiastic hug, but refrained from any kissing this time.
Slowly turning the knob and pushing open the heavy wood, Tony cautiously entered the room. All disused rooms in the manor were white walled, with neutral cream furniture, but the large double bed usually in the middle of the room was missing. In its place was a fancy looking cot, with a small single pushed into the back corner of the room.
However, the tight feeling in his gut, the unexplainable flush of anger in his cheeks and the tightening grip on his pencil were all indicators of jealousy.
It was only a few minutes later before the doctor was done, having wrapped a bandage around Tony’s thumb to make sure the cream soaked into his skin rather than getting rubbed off, before she sat back down and returned to her book.
Tony wasn’t hard to find when returned to The Avenger. The man was sitting on one of the deck chairs Clint and Thor frequently sprawled in when they were picking up passengers and doing some honest work for a change. Despite his odd behaviour on the planet so far, he didn’t look surprised to see the rest of the crew, minus Thor and Bruce – the latter of whom was standing beside Tony conversing with him – when they arrived.
Arriving at the Tower, he quietly went to the elevator, intending to go to his workshop and lock himself away for the rest of his life… or, at least, the next week or two.
He was a dying man, for gods’ sake, Tony shouldn’t be subjected to the idiot of the century. No amount of pleading with Pepper got him out of it either. Secretly, he thought she liked to torture him by putting him in situations where he was surrounded by idiots. To be fair, though, with all the crap he put her through, it was completely justified.
Breathing through a too fast breath, his ribs protested the speed in which he’d inhaled, Tony forced his mind to try and recall what had happened after he’d met up with Pepper.
“Enjoy yourselves, then,” he said, gesturing to the airlock as he disabled it, and the ramp lowered to the ground.
Hands free once more, Tony wheezed at the way Obie’s knee had jerked into his side, lighting up ribs that definitely felt cracked. He wouldn’t put it past Obie to have hired people who weren’t bothered if the person they were collecting for money was injured along the way, either by circumstance or them getting in a few hits for practice.
But, Tony then smiled softly at him, the smile Steve was quickly beginning to crave seeing on a daily basis, and squeezed his hand.
Pepper and Rhodey, well, they didn’t really mind Tony’s quirk. There were a hell of a lot of other things, bad things, very bad things, that Tony could do to help him clear his mind and work out problems.
“No, technically that was Jane who hit him, I was just behind the wheel,” she automatically retaliated.
“Tony,” Steve sighed in frustration as the still bound man worked his jaw, scrunching up his nose in a way Steve did
It took a little more encouragement, before Tony stood upright under his own strength, blinking around as though surprised they were in the guest quarters where his room was.
Clint let out a whoop of excitement, echoed faintly from the other side of the ship where Tony was. On the screens before them, the USC ship was quickly left behind as they flew through the Dark, faster than Steve had ever felt the old girl go before.
When he arrived back in front of the couch, Steve had to grip the base of his cock with his free hand to stop himself from coming there and then at the sight before him.
It wasn't exactly the kind of prestigious life a soldier of the Universal Security Council would strive for, but it was perfect for a crew of semi-law abiding citizens of the 'verse.
The next five minutes were lost in a blur of yelling, running, and just managing to get away from the traitorous bastards with their money.
“This is definitely one a the more interestin’ planets I’ve found myself on,” he offered, distracted.
Eyes still squinting slightly, Steve looked around to find Tony, heart jumping slightly when he spotted him turning into a narrow space between buildings, off the main pathway.
“I gained my answers, Captain, but I lost that which I loved most,” she smiled sadly at him. “I was surprised when I saw him with you, I don’t think his eyes were ever that bright when they used to set upon me. Don’t make my mistake.”
The rumble of laughter that swept over his crew members earned a glare from Steve, embarrassment be damned.
Steve was surprised for a moment, before realising that they hadn’t actually taken on any passengers since Tony had joined the crew as a one himself. Even then, he’d only joined initially because of his skills as a mechanic and the engines deplorable state.
“That’s a Scow ship, Captain,” Natasha said from where she was leaning against the back of Clint’s chair.
Steve agreed easily, mostly because he had been under the same impression from the beetle-black eyes glaring at them. He watched as Clint, rather considerately, picked up the strangers’ sack for him, before leading the way back towards the ship. Steve eyed the man who walked beside him calmly, as though nothing were amiss.
“Sir, shall I try Miss Darcy?” Jarvis asked quietly, her picture showing up on the hud’s screen before his eyes.
Sadly, Tony seemed to catch on fairly quickly to the empty threat and rather than look concerned, he began to grin instead.
Darcy wasn’t hurt, she was safe. He was suddenly so thankful to his father for finally sending her off to a proper school that year. How often did she go along with Jarvis when the man was running errands? He felt sick at the thought of Jarvis being gone, no longer being there to look after him or help him when there was no one else to turn to. Darcy was safe, though, she wasn’t hurt.
Tony was momentarily surprised. Despite the whole Loki debacle and their recent argument concerning debriefings, Tony had been fairly sure Steve was content to march to Fury’s drum.
The sword in his hands was the shape of any old sword with the handle made of wood but the blade, rather than the usual iron, was reflecting the light just as the diamond Steve still held did.
“I just have to take off the armour.” Steve said gently. Tony grunted, shifting around on the bed so he was lying down on his back slightly off centre in the bed. It took a mere minute, but Tony was already half asleep when he felt strong arms wrapping around his waist and a nose burying into his neck, warm puffs of breath heating his skin.
“It would appear that Doctor Traveller was able to get into your mind and use his mutant psychic powers along with the pendent amplifier, to trick you into thinking you were suffering from brain damage and being kept at the Ravencroft Institute for treatment,” Natasha answered when the others looked away, bodies shifting uncomfortably.
Tony, despite everything that he’d told them about himself so far, was still largely an enigma to Steve. It was frustrating that as soon as he thought he’d started to understand the man, Tony seemed to have yet more secrets tucked away, waiting for inopportune moments to reveal them.
On one hand, they were an efficient way to deliver news to a mass audience in an environment that he could exercise a degree of control in. It didn’t always stop the reporters from writing nasty little stories and twisting his words, but he was able to pick and choose what bits of his life he wanted to tell the world, and what he was determined to keep close to his chest, a lot more literally in some cases.
“Hey, that’s not too bad,” Tony murmured, twisting the room around, moving a small table to the other side of the couch and changing the wall colour to a lighter blue-grey than the suggested deep blue. Tony worked quietly for the next few minutes, making small adjustments to Jarvis’s original idea here and there, mind ticking away at how he could mesh the 21
Finally, after what felt like hours and seconds in turn, Steve heard the tell-tail series of ‘ohs’ that signalled Tony’s imminent completion.
“Remind me why we went days out of our way to land on this inconsequential planet? Then, instead of demandin’ that the mad mechanic tell us why we had to stop here, we’re playin’ hind’n’seek with him?” Clint grumbled from where he was crouched around the corner of one of the simple, wooden houses on what classified as a Main Street on Timbetpal.
“Come on, Tony,” she didn’t even have the decency to pretend that she was asking for his permission to do this. She was asking his opinion, but she was always asking that, and normally ignoring any kind of advice he had to offer in the first place.
Resting in his hand was a smallish sized metal canine. It was still rough looking, with clear signs of welding apparent on its silver, metal frame. The eyes were two small cameras and its nose was the only painted thing, shiny black like any healthy dog would have. The jaw had large hinges on it so that it would open and close, the small computer that was hooked up to the four legs, tail and ears to make them move, visible each time it opened its mouth.
“I saw the way you was lookin’ at him,” Clint cackled loudly at Steve’s frown, until Natasha reached over and whacked him upside the head.
“Uh huh, and guess what!” her voice suddenly became hushed, or what Tony assumed she believed to be hushed, but in reality, was still fairly loud.
“No, no this is not happening. I do not need some emotional tête-à-tête with the superhero boy band plus the token female figure and my sister.” Tony protested, squirming when he was pushed back down unsympathetically by Natasha.
Darcy moved the rest of the way across the room, closing the space between them so that she could lean against the desk beside him, their shoulders resting against one another.
The man behind him had a black turtle neck shirt done up so high that it obscured most of his face, only the bridge of his nose, eyes and bald head visible. On the left of his skull a metal plate protruded from the skin, shinning in the electric lights of the room. Small, green eyes stared at him emotionlessly, as if the man had absolutely no feelings about what was happening one way or another.
“If you break that table, I will deny you cake,” Darcy pointed a mitten-clad hand at him as she moved over to where Tony was still standing in front of the oven.
“I wouldn’t have a safe place to stay,” Bruce smiled that little, self-deprecating smile he favoured.
Steve knocked Tony out of his slightly homicidal thoughts with a tight hug, sword carefully pushed out of the way.
“Tis no problem. The Stuttgart markets are most famous for their selection of wears,” Thor laughed heartily, the old busted compression core from the ship was easily slung over his shoulder, as though it wasn’t a hulking piece of metal parts and wires.
Clint sent him a salute which was mostly sarcastic, but Steve knew the man would do as he’d asked, before walking up the ramp himself, Tony on his heels.
“Just a suggestion,” he said lightly, a small part of him relieved at her loyalty to him, while another winced at the crap she was sure to have to put up with because she was his sister.
Tony froze where he was sitting, the news coverage he’d been watching on the glass screens belaying his guilt. Turning slowly, his eyes found Darcy standing at the door to his workshop. She was looking around the semi-destroyed area, uncaring for the shards of glass on the floor beneath her shoes as she began walking over to him.
“We’ve been eating Jarvis’ Super Secret Ingredient Chocolate Cake since we were kids,” Darcy directed to the eating Avengers, and Tony felt himself freeze where he stood, stomach tightening into knots.
It was three weeks after Clint’s first comment that Steve found himself sitting at the kitchen table with Natasha, the newspaper open before him even though he hadn’t actually paid it any attention since first opening it. Tony was once again in one of his moods, this time continually reaching up and pulling out plates to wipe down with a damp cloth to remove any dust.
At least his homework wouldn’t take him very long, and it was lunch time soon so he was guaranteed a break from the tedious work. After lunch, he might even be able to convince Jarvis to let him have the rest of the day off and finish his Summer schoolwork tomorrow. Tony knew he wouldn’t be able to bargain for building anything, the man wouldn’t be that easily swayed, but he could probably get Darcy from her half-day lessons and together they could go outside and play in the large area just off the back of the conservatory. Darcy loved her imaginary games, and Tony had specifically read Alice in Wonderland five times over the school term to be sure that he had it memorised. He just knew she would adore the characters and even he couldn’t sit through another 'Adventure with Captain America' or princess tea party with all the stuffed toys in the house.
She would be panicking with him missing. She had always hated when he was away, whether it be for school or business. Even though she was in university now, she still phoned him at least twice a week, always using the camera function so she could actually see that he was okay, and not lying that he was fine. Honestly, one case of food poisoning and she never trusted his assessment of himself again.
“Is that what I think it is?” Steve asked, leaning forward in the bridge, as if that would get him a clearer view of the large square shaped ship spinning slowly, nose-to-tail, before them in the darkness.
“Shut up!” Steve yelled over the sound of the air whipping past them, trying to aim his own gun as he was jerked around by the up and down motion of the bike flying over various mounds of sand.
“I guess that’s one way to describe it,” he cleared his throat and shifted awkwardly, feeling warm down to his bones as he once more lifted his ale and took a large gulp, largely just for something to do with his hands.
“We’ve got an empty ship comin’ up ahead. Let’s have everyone in the cargo hold so we can do a salvage.”
“I’m not going to dignify that with an answer,” he said around another bite of toast, eyes wandering to examine the elevator’s interior rather than looking at her.
“Darcy, stop sexually harassing a national icon,” Tony yawned, half-heartedly listening to the conversation going on around him.
“Not you guys,” Darcy waved a hand dismissively. She looked at him dead on with a huge smile on her face before speaking.
“Would you if you’d spent years lookin’ for someone, and then found them wastin’ time at a festival rather than lookin’ for you?” Darcy asked.
he insulted him before turning and shuffling back into the pub, not seeming to care about his fellow fighters strewn across the dusty street.
“I’m real good with engines, Steve. I mean, real, real, good. I can boost the hydraulics, get speed from her you ain’t never dreamed about.”
It also didn’t help that Tony had tuned out partway through, mind wandering to what kind of dog Steve would be if he was hit with some super villain ray-gun that turned people into their most alike canine breed. The drifting hadn’t been so much a problem, as Steve realising he wasn’t paying him any attention.
“Come on, next rounds on me,” Tony threw back the rest of his own drink before he pushed himself to his feet.
“Hey,” Tony said quietly to Rhodey, eyes trained on his sister so he didn’t have to look at his friend. “Thanks.”
“It’s a popular place to visit on Aquamarine, not just for tourists, but the locals hold all their celebrations around the base of it every year,” Steve rubbed the back of his neck nervously for a moment, before forcefully removing his hand and letting it hang casually at his side.
Pepper had said that no one really mentioned his name anymore. His father’s anniversary of the accident, yes, but his disappearance had been seen as a desertion of the people. No doubt, Obie had a hand in the behind the scenes smear campaign.
“Steve, I’m almost finished,” he whined, tilting his head up and meeting Steve’s eyes as the man’s hand fell to rest on his shoulder.
Tony snorted, ignoring the twinge of pain that caused, as the two lapsed once more into silence. He reached up and tapped lightly on the arc reactor, his mind turning over how he was going to improve it now that he had access to the best equipment money could buy - and some of it that only a genius could create. There was no way in hell he was keeping such an outdated piece of tech in his body for longer than he already had.
“This here is Captain Steve Rogers, and his mechanic, Tony. Jane, Captain Rogers said he’s got room in his ships passenger cabins for us. We’re finally goin’ to be gettin’ off this rock,” Darcy said cheerfully.
“Tis the same in this one,” Thor said, and Steve looked over to see that he’d opened up the other travel box, the same kinds of boxes stored within it.
Steve had been thinking about asking Tony to stay on as their mechanic ever since they’d escaped the USC ship. It was the first time they’d encountered someone who actually got on with the rest of the crew
“Things are going to change, Darc,” he began slowing, choosing his words. “There will be a hell of a lot of people unhappy and looking for me to fail. Maybe, if you want, maybe you should stay in Virginia for a while?”
Steve conceded the point as Tony continued to go through the weapons cache, systematically cataloguing each and every weapon with ease.
Before he was entirely ready for it, breakfast was over, the Tower’s various occupants departing as they apparently had things to do and places to go. Tony was left sitting at the table to finish his coffee, Steve clearing the plates and breakfast leftovers, one to the dishwasher and the other packed and sealed in the fridge. This happened in silence, though Tony could admit that it wasn’t so much awkward as it was charged with a mixture of anticipation, nervousness and excitement.
Tony was still laying where Steve had left him, left leg bent and leaning against the back of the couch, right pulled up to his chest and held with a slightly trembling hand. His left hand was between his legs, wrist pressed alongside his cock and precome smeared across his forearm and stomach. He had one finger shoved up inside himself, as still as it could be with his breathing forcing his arm to shift and his finger to ever so slightly thrust in and out of his hole with each breath. From the way Steve had positioned him, Tony was on display to any who walked past, from his flushed and leaking cock, to his greedy little hole that begged for something to fuck up into it – hard.
“We found him in the middle of a bar fight, then he saved the Captain credits on buyin’ the new core. Like he ain’t gonna latch onto a man like that.”
“It looks like it’s all working,” Darcy offered to him as he passed her, eyes tracking the holoscreens that displayed the positive results of the buildings power grid.
“You’re working too much,” Pepper switched topics. “Though, I have no idea on what, because I haven’t gotten anything for SI in over a week now,” she lowered her Starkpad and gave him her full attention, a familiar disapproving look on her face.
His thoughts had been increasingly falling into daydreams about the man before him. Just looking at Tony lying on the medical chair, the light dimmed to keep a calm atmosphere conductive to sleep, Steve couldn’t help the way his chest warmed. The man’s dark locks were in need of a wash, but they still spilt over the flat pillow in a way that made Steve long to know if they looked that way when he woke up in the mornings. He wanted to ease the tension that radiated off Tony’s body, to calm him into a state of relaxation and, if he was lucky enough, pleasure. He wanted like he’d never wanted before.
Steve forced himself to swallow the bile in his mouth and quickly stepped back out of the room. He put his gun back into the holster before he pulled the door shut firmly on the thousands of credits worth of food. Without another thought, he headed back to where his crew had been scavenging in blissful ignorance.
“The Captain and I have been workin' on her when we get a free moment,” Clint piped up, drawing Tony’s attention away from Steve for the first time since he’d entered the room. Tony blinked, as if just realising that there were other people there, and suddenly his eyes swept over the other occupants and a grin broke out over his face.
Squatting over the hole, Steve watched in confusion as Tony pulled that worn looking book out of where he’d tucked it into his shirt. He was still for a long moment, dirty hands holding the book like it was something precious, before he brought it up to his mouth and pressed his lips to it, then placed it within the hole and began to cover it with dirt. When he was satisfied, he moved the rocks on top of it, before approaching the nearest tree. Sharp rock once more in his hand, he proceeded to carve something into the thick trunk, free hand holding onto the tree for balance.
“Come on, Steve, let’s go,” Tony pulled lightly on his hand, brown eyes scanning over the various stalls.
“Yep,” she suddenly grinned, running from his door over to where he sat as if it were a race she was determined to win, a piece of paper clutched in one of her hands that she quickly thrust into his chest.
“The kind that means you have to get up!” she had pulled back as she spoke, landing another thump on him to punctuate her words.
Stepping into the room slowly, Steve realised that they had come across the bridge, the control panel for the ship laid out before them with only a few lights glowing, most of the screens showing a static grey fuzz. The glass separating them from the vacuum of space showing only the emptiness of the stars. Steve felt a moment of gratitude to Clint, the pilot having used The Avenger to stabilise the Scow ship so that it had ceased its spinning.
“She didn’t even scream when I suddenly appeared through the vegetation, just lowered her sunglasses and asked me if I wanted to join her. It wasn’t long before I began travellin' with her, she was doin' mostly promotional work for the Fujikawa expansion, and I was already planet hoppin', so we traveled together. We were together like that for about six months before we parted ways,” he finished.
Steve sighed and mentally gave up, why Clint had deigned to give that blasted chicken such a stupid name was beyond him… actually, it was perfectly in keeping with Clint’s brand of normal so he really shouldn’t have been surprised.
It was all for nothing, however, as the next instant the elevator doors opened, revealing the man in question in his usual neatly pressed dark suit.
“You’re at the Ravencroft Institute, Tony. Remember? You’ve been here for the last three years, ever since the accident,” Steve continued quietly, with the air of someone who had repeated the same thing many time before.
Looking at the beautiful business woman with her hair down and fiddling nervously with the clip in her lap, Steve could suddenly see how Tony could have had his eye caught by such a woman.
Steve’s attention was immediately quipped at the small morsel of personal information Tony had let slip.
talk to him,” he said childishly, only slightly mollified to feel Steve take his hand and wrap it around his coffee cup once more.
Tony found himself deposited at the kitchen table as Darcy helped Steve begin a breakfast of waffles and fruit salad, a cup of coffee was placed on the table before him accompanied by a quick kiss to keep. As the sun rose further in the sky, the other members of the Tower began to find their way to the kitchen. Jane looked like she’d pulled an all-nighter from the way she leaned heavily against Thor’s shoulder, her own cup of coffee cradled in her hands and a streak of blue pen smudged on her cheek. Thor was being surprisingly considerate of her tried state, and managed to regale Bruce with a story of a magical display his mother had put on for him as a child with minimal gesturing. Bruce sat and listened with interest, his cup of tea steaming before him and fogging up his glasses with each sip, making the doctor to pull them off periodically and clean them with the bottom of his shirt. Natasha had acquired a newspaper and was doing the crossword puzzle, while Clint held a small Ping-Pong ball - who knew where the hell he’d found it - and was playing fetch with Sparky from his perch on one of the small island stools.
With a brief request for the man to locate a new pressure belt while he was gone, Thor was up and off into the crowds, leaving the seat free for Steve to sit down and wait with the ship for the rest of his crew to return.
Natasha looked as composed as ever, while Clint was fiddling with something in his pocket (at a guess, Tony would say it was an arrow head and, seriously, that was dangerous). Thor was more interested in the small buffet table that they had been given, and Bruce was fidgeting nervously with the cuff of one of his sleeves. Steve looked the calmest of them, a somewhat resigned expression on his face. Tony knew that Steve had done something like this before, back in the 40s, with the whole dancing monkey routine with the whole ‘every bond you buy puts a bullet in your guys’ gun’ spiel.
When Bruce had first travelled with them, Steve had quickly offered him a position upon the ship. The man was an outlaw in his own right, wanted by certain people in the ‘verse for what they considered crimes. Steve was still a little foggy on what, exactly, it was that Bruce had done to incur the wrath of powerful, vengeful people, but he was pretty sure it had something to do with illegal surgeries. The man certainly wasn’t a saint, but from what Steve could gather from the feelers he’s put out before offering him a position on his ship, Bruce had been trying to help people that the health care system on his planet of residence had written off as lost causes.
Waking up, ‘scared alive’ as it were by the Hulk, was the most surprising thing to happen to him since the whole Avengers thing had worked.
Steve pushed down the irritation that sprang up inside him at the words. Not only did he not want to show discord within his crew before Nick Fury of all people, but they hadn’t been warned of any of the players that could be a problem before they’d arrived. Nick had only waved them the bare bones of the details, so Tony hadn’t had any forewarning.
“And here I thought you just fancied yourself a midnight stroll with a touch of monster slaying.” Tony grinned, hand reaching out for Steve’s’ for a brief, affectionate squeeze. An amused huff and an affectionate tightening of fingers was all the response he got before they let go and returned to the situation at hand.
“Where’s your nanny, girl?” Howard demanded, body half angled towards her and a deep frown already forming on his face.
, Steve. Anyone who ain’t familiar must live in an asteroid cut off from the rest of the ‘verse,” Tony snorted.
“It worked,” Tony countered. “As long as this little blue light is shinin’, ain’t nothin’ to worry about.”
“I’m so sorry,” Tony felt the words leave his lips before he had even consciously thought about it. Almost two decades’ worth of worry and guilt for lying to his sister about their mother captured in three little words.
“Look at this here. He’s going to be my new helper bot for the workshop. I’ve just finished wiring him and writing all his code out. You want to help me activate him?” he offered, a small nod all he needed for confirmation.
“Well go and find her,” he snapped dismissively, before he turned back to brooding before the flames.
All four looked over and Steve was surprised to see the mystery bar fight man coming forward, an easy smile on his face and eyes focused on the compression core that they were currently haggling over. The bruise on his jaw was indeed beginning to darken, and he had a sack hanging from a rope slung over one shoulder.
“I was thinking, I’ve never been really interested in the whole CEO shtick in the company and, well, Pepper basically runs things anyway. I’d much rather run the R and D division. But, I wanted to know if you’d be opposed, or want the job yourself, before I do anything, so…”
“Do you mean last week when I almost tripped over the spray bottle and a roll of paper towel that was left in the hallway?” He asked, remembering how he’d only just managed to steady himself with a hand on the wall.
“Yeah, well…” Tony couldn’t help but let the grin break free and laughed. “You should have seen your face.”
Steve watched in surprise as Tony flipped open the lid, pulled out the gun, and then ran his hands over it, checking the weapon over. The way his fingers moved, it was clearly a practiced movement and something he’d done hundreds of times before.
The best thing Steve had caught Tony doing, however, had to have been when he walked into the kitchen and found the man down on his hands and knees, apparently sorting out one of the cupboards of rarely used appliances. The sight of the man’s dark denim jeans stretched tight across his ass and the rocking motion as Tony pulled out bits and pieces before diving back into the hidden depths was…
He only had a moment to register a series of text messages from Darcy, the latest just being his name with a question mark, when suddenly one of the bombs that had been going off around him landed in the sand beside him.
The sudden bang of the bathroom door opening caused Tony to quickly stand up, slipping his toxicity device into his pocket and straightening his suit as he eyed his reflection. Pasting on his public smile, he stepped back outside and immersed himself in the social scene of the Expo.
Steve was no saint, he’d killed people before in the line of duty. But, those people had been armed with weapons like his own, they’d been set on creating bombs to hurt innocent people in cities that weren’t even directly involved with the conflict. They were generally bad people who would see innocents hurt to achieve their goals… weren’t they?
Glancing at Coulson and noting the unusual degree of tension that seemed to radiate from the man, Tony flicked his fingers outward, trusting Jarvis to bring the files various key points on the holoscreens before him. Originally, he’d designed this area so that he could get some sunlight while working, Pepper and Darcy had both been after him about being a nocturnal hermit for months now, and this was his way of appeasing them.
"I think somethin' can be arranged. The 'verse is big, surely there must be a job or two in that direction," he said softly, eyes darting down to Tony's lips before flickering back to his eyes.
“Hi, guys, hey,” Tony cooed, reaching out and offering stroked and pats where we could as they circled him, the happy chatter only machines could make filling the carpark. For the next few minutes, Tony only knew his bots, their familiar feel and smell assaulting his senses and bringing with it a sense of happiness and home.
“So, you got a name?” Steve finally asked, when it became clear the man was content to walk in silence.
“Set him here,” Bruce said, gesturing to the single medical seat the room housed as he threw open a draw containing hypo-gun’s still sealed in their hygienic plastic wrappers. Pulling out one, he moved to a cupboard and opened it to reveal a row of vials with various coloured liquids within them. Selecting one, he removed the hypo-gun from the plastic and inserted the vial, before placing it on the counter top and moving to yet another draw.
Turning around fully, he reached out for her shoulders and leaned in close so that their foreheads almost touched.
Turning to the door to his room, he saw his sister peeking in, dark hair messy despite the glittery clips trying to keep it in place and her shirt already untucked from her skirt. Somewhere between breakfast and now she’d managed to lose her shoes as well, and only pale pinks socks with frilly lace tops adorned her feet.
“We decided to do some stuff in New York for a bit,” Darcy said, pulling back with an innocent look on her face that immediately made Tony weary.
of ‘fine’,” she muttered before pulling her hand away and moving over to the large, sleek black chair by the tall window showing the skyline of New York City.
Smiling and waving casually, Tony made his way up to the front table where the six microphones had been set up on a long table, and six chairs stood waiting for their occupants. Choosing a seat in the middle, the easiest position to draw everyone’s attention if need be, Tony immediately reached out for the microphone and drew it closer, a familiar action that he did every time he was forced to speak into one of them. Waiting only until the rest of his team members had seated themselves, Thor and Bruce to his left and Steve, Natasha and Clint to his right, Tony offered the vultures his best show smile and began speaking.
As Jarvis had said, Darcy was sitting on one of the couches with her lesson work spread out on a low table before her. Even though she was holding a pencil in her hand and resting her chin on the other, Tony was positive that the ear he couldn’t see had a headphone of some kind stuck in it.
