And together, they head inside.
But Sam didn't do it. Dean did it, by not being there. If he had been stronger than Michael, if he had just
"No right?" Dad echoes. "Had it handled? Dean, do you have any idea how worried I've been about you? And then when I heard you say you had hours left—you had to know I'd work it out eventually. I know it's hard, but you don't have it handled, and I'm doing what's best for you and this family, just like I always have! What did you expect?"
Maybe, just maybe, John can trade their places after all.
Castiel pauses again.
After he's finished talking to Sam, Dean goes to find his father.
"See?" Dean says. "You're all so busy lining up to take the guy to kangaroo fucking court you forgot that you don't have all the facts."
Jack squints at him. "What?"
Yeah, okay. Dean opens his mouth into the kiss and undoes the bottom two buttons of Cas's shirt so he can slide his hands up Cas's sides. Dean realizes suddenly that he can't remember the last time he even bothered to have sex, and Cas feels fantastic under his palms. Dean takes in the hard muscle coiled beneath his skin, the ridges of his ribcage: stuff that used to make his skin crawl to think about. Right now he can't get enough. The closer he gets to Cas, the further away he gets from everything else—even Michael.
Cas looks at him with open heartbreak. That's the thing—now that he's told Dean he's in love with him, he's stopped trying so hard to hide it. And Dean would be lying if he said the depth of this thing Cas feels for him doesn't scare him a little. Cas would kill and die for Dean without even being asked, just the way Dean would for Sam. And Sam is Dean's weak spot; lay one finger on his brother, and Dean'll break every time. Dean doesn't want to be that for Cas. He doesn't want Cas to ever have to feel that way.
Touching Cas has become a brand new experience. Dean's not about to let it get weird again after all this work, so he still knocks shoulders with Cas when they pass through a doorway or claps him on the back after a hunt. But his body has decided to dump adrenaline on him every single time, just in case Cas is the kind of pervert Dean knows he's not.
he takes you," Cas corrects. "Then, the box. You have my word. But not before. I'm so sorry. I know you think it's semantics, I know that it would be both of you no matter who was in control, but...I can't do that to you. I just can't."
Dean's not gay. That should be more than apparent to anyone who's known him for even five minutes, but it bears repeating, just in case: he's not gay. People say shit like
She quiets, and it only takes a few seconds for Dean to realize his mistake: now they're alone, sort of. Ever since Michael vacated him he's been trying hard not to be alone with anybody. He doesn't want anyone to take a private moment to ask how he is, or to tell him what they think about anything Michael had to say. He's been avoiding the whole thing as hard as he possibly can. Dad cornering him in the kitchen was its own combination of good and bad luck—Dean was terrified of facing him, but he's also grateful that Dad seems to be literally unable to bring up the subject of him and Cas. Dean has a feeling they're going to try to avoid that for the next ten years at minimum, and that works for him. Dean's just fine with no asking and no telling.
him anymore.
Michael laughs inside Dean's head; he's had a great day, of course. Habitually Dean pulls his sleeves down. His wrists are even more bruised now than they were yesterday. "Just a precaution," he lies. "I didn't want Jack to have to make any of the hard choices."
It really is better this way: a perfect ending to this story. What worse for the firstborn than to bear his father's scorn?
Cas lets him finish the kiss, but when it breaks, he asks, "Dean, what is this?"
"Stop it!" Dean fumbles for the archangel blade, but no sleep and the constant fight against an archangel trapped inside him has pushed his body to its breaking point; his hands shake, and he drops it over the edge of the rail. He curses and rushes down the debris-covered stairs, surely desperate to put himself between Castiel and the next blow.
Dean's jaw tightens. "You're damn straight you won't," he says. "You may not want to believe it, but Michael
They have all the time in the world.
Michael is getting stronger. And Dean is running out of time.
family. That's rich. John gets unsteadily to his feet. "Who are you calling wretched?" he grumbles—but by the time he says it, Castiel has already turned on his heel. John blinks as the infirmary door swings shut behind him.
"That's not a certainty," Cas growls. He's pacing around and around the kitchen while the rest of them eat breakfast. Dean made the eggs, Mom fried the bacon. They're tossing around ideas on how to fix their little Michael problem. The gang's all here, except for Dad. It's already after eight, and no one's heard so much as a peep from him at all.
"No kidding," Dean agrees. Michael did take Dean over and over, and it was terrifying to watch light pour out of his father's face and know there was nothing he could do to stop what would come next. That's the other reason he didn't nap today; Cas can't guard his head forever, and there's not much that's more nightmare-inducing than Michael. "And hey, it's a good thing you didn't put me in the box after all, right? It all turned out okay this way. Pretty damn roundabout way for a pearl to grant a wish, but I'll take it."
"You can't," Dean says, slow and fumbling. He wishes he wasn't drunk. He wishes he was drunker. "You can't tell me a single thing that only we would know. If you could you would have by now."
. As he got older it became quicker and more efficient, mostly to spare both John's dignity and Dean's; a small shake of his shoulder and
Dad draws himself up to his full height. "What did
Cas picks that moment for an incredibly well-timed entrance. "Good morning," he says to the room at large, like he didn't spend all night in Dean's bed, and didn't get caught by Dad half-dressed in Dean's bedroom five minutes ago.
in the back? How many times did I get that lecture, you jerk? And then you and Cas go and—watch the
"He doesn't want you," Sam warns. "Once the door's open, he'll take Dean instead, and then he'll just be gone."
Sam glances in the direction of the war room, where they can just catch Cas's voice as he speaks on the phone. "We're putting all our feelers out. We spent the whole drive home taking turns making phone calls. But this, today—it may have been a Hand of God once, but whatever power it had is gone. Someone already used it."
Dean and Mom both jerk their gazes away, mortified. "Well," Mom manages. "Good talk."
How many times did John lecture Dean about not making excuses for his screwups, and owning his mistakes? And Dean listened; he never blamed anyone but himself when things went wrong, nor did he ever complain, not once in twenty-two years. He found ways to make it work, no matter what it cost him. Meanwhile John's been making excuses up, down, and sideways that whole time. He needed to avenge Mary's death so badly that he couldn't face the idea that it might be better for everyone to give it up. And the longer it took, the closer John got, the more unbearable he found the idea of going home with his tail between his legs. It felt like a betrayal to Mary and her memory. John thinks if he asked Mary now, the real living Mary, and not the memory he clung to for so many years, she'd say the true betrayal was how he failed their children.
"We let him drink beer," Dean argues. "What's a few R-rated movies?"
As soon as she hears his voice Mom separates from Dean and goes to hug Sam too. Sam looks just as gobsmacked as Dean feels, but Sam Winchester does not half-ass his hugs. He wraps his arms around Mom and holds on for all he's worth. Maybe he was worried all the stuff he said would scare her off, or make her hate him. Seems it's not the case. Mom doesn't let go until he does.
, Dean texts back, furiously.
John always wondered, over the long years, what Mary would think of the way he did things. Even before he knew what she and her family were, he still knew on some level she wouldn't approve. No children should have to live the way their boys did. But now he knows—he can see it in her face.
Cas smiles a little. "You first."
"You want to
His dad's voice in his head—clear as a bell.
"Yes," Dean admits, so they go back in through the long tunnel that leads into the garage and take the much more scenic route around to his bedroom. Maybe this is what Cas was texting Sam about; they don't run into a single soul. "We really should check on 'em," Dean says, as the door closes behind them. He tests it twice to make sure it's locked. "I don't like leaving Sam and Dad alone."
"Sam," he starts again, his voice cracking, "I'm sorry, I am, but it's not the same. You were born a human being. Jack is—"
Dreaming. He was only dreaming.
." She laughs through her own tears, and when he smooths one gun-calloused thumb under her eye she turns her face into his hand, and then he draws her close and kisses her, like they're the only two people left in the whole wide world.
"I'm serious, man." Dean meets his eyes and doesn't let him look away. "You know, you're—you're right. I can't fight you and Sam and Dad and Michael too. I just can't. I need you to back me up on this."
you here? What happened?"
But with neither of them speaking, John has nothing else to do but think, and his thoughts turn towards Michael.
And after a decade plus of friendship, after everything they'd been through, the first panicked thing that came out of Dean's mouth was "Don't."
Mary's right. They have time, don't they? Whatever happened while John was gone, they can figure it out together, as a family, because they finally
Sam starts towards the door, and pauses as he passes John. There's a moment of hesitation, and he opens his mouth as if considering some last word—
Sam laughs again. "Dean, seriously. I'm just saying, nothing changes. You're still my big brother, and you still kick ass. And even though I'm mostly really, really happy not to have a front-row seat to your and Cas's weird little mating dance anymore—"
Castiel shoots John an annoyed look, like this is somehow all his fault. "Maybe you should get some air."
"It doesn't matter," Dean says. "I'm not letting him out,
Mom and Cas are at the sink; Cas has his sleeves rolled up and is elbow-deep in dishwater, and Mom's drying. "Dean!" she says. "Hey."
Ugh. Dean debates with himself for a moment before deciding to hang back. When he spied on Cas and Mom it was mostly an accident—he didn't want to deal with Cas, and he didn't want to interrupt. Now, though, he's wondering what Sam has been saying about shit like Flagstaff when Dean wasn't around to hear it. There's no real cover out here, but it's dark enough that it hardly matters. It's actually kind of alarming that Sam and Cas don't notice someone so dangerous has gotten so close. Who's gonna keep them in line when Dean is gone?
"You'll take all the abuse he dishes out and then some," we tell him, "because you're
"And it did break him," Sam says, voice low and angry. John he will look at, and he does so with the kind of fury John remembers from their days fighting about college. The only difference is that back then John always saw it coming from a mile away; sometimes he even set Sam off on purpose to get it out of his system before it got in the way of more important things. This he didn't see coming; this he didn't prepare for. It's on Sam's terms, not his. "Since you got back I've been biting my tongue for Dean's sake, but come on, Dad. Protect us? Dean spent the whole year after you died trying to get himself killed on a hunt so he wouldn't have to put a bullet in me! Why do you think he sold his soul? I
"Can't I?"
"Shut up!" Dean shouts again. "I'm not finished." He's never been angry at Dad this way. It's a heady, terrifying feeling. For as long as he can remember, he literally just could not say things like this, no matter how true they were. His whole relationship with Dad, hell, his whole life, sometimes felt defined by his silence. But now that he's finally started to speak, he can't stop. It makes him feel powerful. It makes him feel out of control.
Dean steps away again, but his back hits a tree. There's no escaping Sam, not this time. His eyes find Cas's body on the ground; his heart is slamming against his ribcage so hard it's actually painful. This can't be real. He looks back at Sam, now unsettlingly close. "Sammy, why?"
"Yeah, well." Dean scrubs his hand through his hair. "You don't get to talk to me or Mom or anybody else about Flagstaff, 'cause you weren't there."
"Yes."
"I know you did, John." Mary keeps her face resolutely forward. "That's kind of the whole problem."
Sam looks at him for a long moment, considering. John, as a rule, does not squirm, but there are times when he finds it difficult.
There's a projector in the library, the same one they watched those creepy old snuff films on, back when they first found the place. Sam modified it years ago so they could hook it up to their laptops, so Dean borrows Mom's—his is full of things rated way worse than R—and pulls up the
Well, that's not the worst way anyone's ever turned Dean down. Pretty embarrassing, though. "I can sleep after we're done," he argues. "C'mon, Cas, lemme blow you. I'm so good at it." He's starting to think he might not totally hate it, either. Some parts of it will probably always feel awful, but Cas is so gentle with him these days. Dean thinks about the way Cas's hands feel so big and warm running through his hair, and then about the way they might feel on his jaw, holding him steady instead of holding him down. Dean thinks he just about could stand it, if he got to have that. It couldn't be too bad as long as it was with Cas, right?
. Geez.
Mom gets back to the bunker at a quarter til midnight. The rest of them have been back for hours, and they already sent Jack to bed, but Dean decided to stay awake and wait up on her, so Sam decided to stay awake and wait up with Dean, and of course Cas doesn't sleep at all unless he wants to, so he just decided to stay awake with them both. It led to the three of them sitting around the kitchen table drinking beers in mostly silence until the bunker door squeaks open.
This is the kind of fight John used to have with Sam. And this is the part where Sam would always say something like, "Yeah, we
, even though he didn't before. It's better. It's not forgiveness, but it's something.
Now Cas gets it; Dean knows, because he's gone very still.
He was hoping Mom and Jack would still be in the kitchen, but the coffee pot is missing half its coffee and they're nowhere to be found, so they must be working somewhere else—working on
died, right in front of Dean, before they could make amends. Dean went through a lot of pain and
"Yeah?" he asks, "yeah?" and Cas nods with great approval, so Dean lets himself feel smug and pleased as he gets started on his own food.
"Hello, Dean," says Castiel.
Sam's eyes dart back and forth between them in concern, and he finds his voice first. "Of course not, Dad. We know better than to—"
, John. Our boys. Their lives were supposed to be better than ours." He feels rather than sees Mary glance over at him in the dark, her expression unreadable. "What else don't I know about?" she whispers. "Did you lock them up? Starve them? Beat them?" She must catch something in his expression, because she presses, "John, did you beat them?"
Dean's more than familiar with the looks creeps give him. That look used to mean Dean got to feed his brother dinner that week. As he got older and less pretty, and learned other monetarily viable skills, that look started to mean someone was about to get his nose broken instead. Dean can spot it over a smoky pool table or across a bar from a mile away. He's practically got his own fucked up sixth sense.
"That you're going to get eight uninterrupted hours of sleep?"
"What makes you think," Castiel says, his voice measured and slow, and more angry than Dean's heard him in years, "that I'm not me?"
—but then Mom twists around in her seat, still smiling. "What are you two talking about?"
for the sharpest typo-finding eyes known to humankind. if you spot any, it's because i fucked around with the text after she read it. i'm also humbled by and grateful to
Alone now, John paces over to a nearby full-length mirror to assess the damage. He can move around just fine, but Castiel—either short on grace, or short on mercy—left him banged up enough that he's still pretty sore. And once he reaches the mirror, he sees with a start that he has a black eye. That's right; Michael healed the chest wound when Castiel stabbed him, but before that Castiel hit him to keep him from spilling the beans about—about—about what Dean had to—
"Was real," Mom puts in. She smirks. "That's who Yellow Eyes was working for. But Sam and Dean killed him—
you wouldn't give up," he says. "After the vampire fight, remember?"
Mom has to call him twice before he comes out into the kitchen, and when he does he spends as little time as possible looking at anyone else, especially Cas. He shouldn't be here, eating takeout, he thinks furiously; he should be climbing into that coffin. But Cas let him down at the eleventh hour, and now—
Dean's hand closes nervously around the trash bag. He feels like he's done something wrong. He knows how much Dad hates cleaning. "Are you sure?"
Mary looks away.
, was the quickest way to drive me right to Lucifer?"
i'm gonna save my long notes for the end this time, but as a reminder, please be nice to sam, mary, etc in my comments section. you don't have to be nice to john. <3
particular to this chapter include: some extremely gnarly fight-scene type violence that borders on being suggestive (think vampires biting necks), a character spending a little time in handcuffs, the unintentional negging of an amputee, and of course the general warnings about abuse/dean's sexual history.
"The point is, you're not gettin' anywhere near Naomi,'' Dean declares. "Hell no. I don't care how close the angels are to extinction, if I
Son of a bitch. Michael's being so eerily silent right now that Dean actually almost forgot about him; he must be enjoying the show.
John can't let it happen. He won't. He's been to Hell—but that sounds far, far worse.
is living with
"I'll make it up to you."
and if you like, you can reblog this chapter
the one who kept us alive! I kept Sam in new shoes and clothes that fit no matter how fast he grew up! I'm the one who lied to teachers and bribed landlords and motel managers to keep CPS off our backs! I kept
"Not at all," Castiel says pleasantly. "My family loves you very much. You may find this hard to believe, but as wretched a man as you are, John Winchester, I would strongly prefer
and some more relevant reading this week if you like: a few months ago, i
Cas sighs, like he has any right to sound as longsuffering about it as he does. "You don't have to make anything up to me. I was already happy. Summoning the Empty would never have worked if I wasn't. It just took me until then to realize it. I don't need anything else."
Mom closes her eyes briefly. "Thank you," she says, and Dean can see it in her face—she has to make the decision to do it—but she still squeezes Cas's shoulder as he walks by. And then, after his footsteps have faded, she lets the bomb fall: "Your father and I are taking a little break."
try again—it'll be worse.
. Consent matters to angels—at least they pretend it does," he adds darkly, and no one argues with him. "That's probably why that other angel grace made Cas so sick to begin with. Sergei must have thought being handed the vial willingly was enough, even if the grace was taken by force. But this comes straight from the vessels, and Dean and Dad gave it up on their own. Nobody made them do it. So the spell should work this time."
. Back then they felt almost like the same thing. Hell, maybe Sam found the clinic and hacked their patient records. Dean wouldn't put it past him. Either way, it's bad news.
Dean's breath is coming too quick and too shallow. His heart is pounding in perfect time with Michael banging against that door inside of him. He's this close to giving in; his head knows better, but the residual terror won't leave his limbs. He's about to rocket out of his own body and let Michael run the whole damn show. His throat feels closed like it used to when he was little and couldn't talk, and it takes a great effort to force out his next words: "Where are the angel cuffs?" He should have told Cas to keep them in his coat while he had the chance.
happen, every once in a while."
"Dean," Sam says, "why didn't you want to tell Dad about your deal? It's not like he isn't going to want to know what's happened since he's been gone."
life with Dad was when they weren't even around to see it! Mom was dead, Sammy was too little to remember, or too little to realize, and then he took off for a few years anyway—and what, their opinions count for more than mine? I'm in it too deep to look at it head-on and see it for what it is? I'm the one who lived it, Cas. They got no right, and they don't get it, man. Even you don't get it. You all just think he's scum of the earth."
Sam studies Dean's face for a long moment. Dean is profoundly grateful, suddenly, for the dark. Michael pounds at the door in Dean's brain, reminding him as always: last chance, last chance, last chance.
, okay, this is really happening. Heart thudding in his ears, Dean reflexively lifts his hips so Cas can pull his jeans off. But Cas only slides them down a little. Then he reaches into Dean's boxers and gets a hand around his dick.
"Every once in a while," Cas muses, "but about three quarters of the time, no."
"Nah, it's a free country," Dean dismisses. He's pretty intent on stirring his potatoes—like he doesn't notice or care if John stands next to him. "About fifteen more minutes and it's go-time."
"Dean,
"She died right in front of us," Dean says at last. "Mom, I mean. Me and Dad both saw her. Everyone else said it was an accident, that Dad was crazy, but we knew the truth. Just us. And Dad crawled into a bottle, but me—I stopped talking. You know about that?"
Dean's eyes are wide, where he's still looking off at some distant point to John's left. "Yeah, well," he clears his throat. "Don't give me too much credit. I was never gonna last forever. He's a scary son of a bitch."
But right now, Dean's strongest emotion is that Michael can suck it. With the handcuffs on, Dean feels a lot less stressed than he did in that vampire orgy clusterfuck. He's gonna have to start carrying them on his person. Maybe it would be safer to just give them to Cas.
Dean wants to protest, but suddenly he's less sure that Dad really did the best he could at all. Much as he'd like to, he can't get Cas's words from last night out of his head.
Jack gives him a startled, uncomfortable look. "I used my powers," he says, slowly. As if he doesn't understand why what he just did is a bad thing. "They were going to kill Dean and Mary."
Michael. He
Where did he get that, anyway? Last Dean knew, Sam had it, and surely Sam didn't just hand it back over without a fight. But it's Dad's book, Dean reminds himself. If he wants it, that's his right. Dean just wishes he'd thought to take out some of the photos first. "Don't feel bad," he tells Dad absently; it's just reflex, to mind the guilt in his tone. "I pretty much forgot this year too. What with everything that's—uh, going on."
. If they shut it, it will hold.
Dean grabs a second beer and a clean plate, piling it on with the last of the bacon and eggs. "I'm gonna go talk to him," he decides.
The kiss breaks. "I love you," Cas says then, easy and calm. It makes Dean's chest constrict just as painfully as it did the first time, and the second. "I'm not saying that so you'll say it back. I don't need anything from you that you can't freely give. I just needed—to say it, just once. When it's just us, and we're not in danger of dying."
Dean manfully manages not to flinch. Men grabbing his face has never ended well for him, and he knows from experience Cas packs one hell of a mean punch. He holds still. He braces for impact.
We grin. "That eager to get away from Dean, are we? I don't blame you. I'm kind of sick of Dean and Cas myself. They're disgusting." We consider his offer. "Yes. As a bonus, I'll even leave Dean alive, instead of cooking his brains on my way out." No point in ruining the perfect vessel when there's still a chance to reclaim it, after all. "You'll get to be the hero, just like you wanted, and you'll never have to see him again."
None of this is perfect. It's actually horrifically awkward. Dad is here, sure, but he kind of just stands around most of the time, unwanted by most of the people around him and unsure of what to say. Mom still claims they're taking a break and generally won't speak directly to him unless he speaks to her first. Sam and Cas are civil enough to him, but there's usually murder in their eyes when they think Dean isn't looking. Even Jack gives him a wide berth. This careful, weird ceasefire—right now that's all they have, and they only have that much by the skin of their teeth. Most of the time, that's just how life is: a constant uphill drive.
"Well I'm not an asshole!"
"I don't know, assholes?"
Well, Michael helped it along a little, but most of this is just Dean, because Dean's the one who panicked first, before Michael did anything at all. Somehow, that's worse.
Dean finishes eating and considers just going to bed right here and now. Does Cas still want to sleep with him? Does playing for keeps still count when you get angry and reenact the day you almost killed each other? Dean has a phone alarm that he can use, that he was using before everybody found out about the Ma'lak Box, but it's not foolproof; he's so exhausted he might fall asleep too deeply to hear it. Doesn't mean he's feeling up to asking Cas for any more favors.
It takes a moment for that to register. He knows? And then—yeah, of course he knows. Jesus. That's why he's being so careful. Maybe he saw it when he got Dean out of Hell, maybe he saw it when he was looking through Dean's memories to rescue him from Michael, or hell, maybe he just guessed, but he's been treating Dean like a skittish cat ever since that kiss. He knew the whole goddamn time. He knew, and still—
, a song used in
Dean realizes his pulse is going double-time again. For a moment he is horribly, acutely aware of Michael's eyes on them, committing this moment to memory. The silence stretches one second, two—
"Dean," he breathes. "Come on, man, I know you can fight this. I know you can. You're stronger than him—"
"I'm sorry," Dean says, and to his horror his voice shakes; he's wanted, he realizes now, to apologize for that for a very long time. He blinks fast, willing himself to stay strong; inside, he can feel Michael prowling around that cage, waiting for Dean's first moment of weakness. And Dean is weak. He's known that since Hell. Alastair showed him how weak he was, and in how many ways. Maybe if he wasn't, he wouldn't be dealing with Michael now. If Dean had never gone to Hell, if Dean had never broke, if Cas had raised Dad instead— "I'm sorry," he says again. "Maybe if I—if I'd been braver, or stronger—"
John leans back against the wall, mute, too shocked even to weep. Baseball games. Birthday parties. He tried to do right by Adam in a way that he felt like he couldn't do right by Sam and Dean, and for what? At last he gathers enough courage to ask, "Does Mary know?"
"Nothing," says Sam, too casually for Dean's tastes. A tone like that tells Dean there was probably at least a little hostility involved. Sam unplugs the laptop and starts recoiling the projector cord. "We said it was for you, we needed a hand killing demons, and he'd be on a need-to-know basis. He was still on board. Took Mom's truck so she didn't have to spend the whole trip with him next to her in the back seat. Really got a kick out of our knife."
And slowly but surely, the adrenaline rushes become less frequent. The two of them become comfortable again.
Cas reaches inside his coat and brings out the angel cuffs. "That's what these are for."
He can live with that. It's been a good day—or at least, an important one. One Dean lived and will remember. And he's so tired. He can lay his head to rest now, right?
Dean grins, remembering how Sam had started laughing as soon as the train left the station, and begged them to go again a hundred more times before they left. They rode that thing over and over, until he really almost
But the question only makes Cas more unhappy. "Of course not," he says fiercely. "Dean, when I told you I loved you, I meant all of you. I had already seen it. It didn't change a thing for me."
"Even super-vamps," Jack surmises. "Or—maybe the sun really doesn't bother them, and they're trying to be obvious to lure hunters in. We can't assume anything until we know for sure, can we?"
," Mom says again, and her voice finally wavers just a little. "It's just a break. I don't think—we just need some time. But right now, I can't even look at him."
"So you're John Winchester," says the stranger.
John does see them. He thinks it might be the first time he's ever really, truly seen them—Sam in that clearing near the vampires' nest, and now Dean through Michael's eyes. In a way, because Michael had been in Dean's head too, it was like seeing Dean through his own eyes. It's not a pretty picture.
normal life for us, and I accepted that a long time ago. And even though the job sucks, what I do matters. Because what I do is protect people. And that includes my brother."
"Okay, okay, knock it off," Dean says, but he sounds pleased. "Burgers next time. Quit yapping and eat before it gets cold."
Cas scowls. "The way he couldn't help scaring you at dinner?"
Thunder crashes. The walls shake. The ceiling begins to crack apart. Pieces of cement and tile rain down and break open on the floor. Everyone ducks and covers their ears.
Oh, shit. There's a sudden ringing in Dean's ears, and he tries to fight Michael down through the shock. He thought it was something he let slip since Dad came back, but no: Sam's known for years.
"Right," Dean says quickly, suddenly unable to meet John's eye, "right, yeah."
But they have time to make it better. It's like Dean's baby—no matter how much of a fucked-up wreck things seem like, if you can find even one working part, and you want it bad enough, you can salvage just about anything.
Mary falls silent, which means she can find nothing to say in her own defense. "I can't do this with you," she says at last. "You have no idea how hard we've had to work, the boys and I, to find some kind of...I can't, John. I just can't."
"But I hurt you," Dean insists, "and that was wrong."
"And," Dean says over him, causing John's eyebrows to lift in sheer incredulity, "I just think you got more important things to be worrying about. That's all."
," Dean adds, and realizes that he is absolutely fuming. He has never, ever, been so angry at anyone, not once in his whole life, not even when he had the Mark of Cain. That sort of blinding rage came from magic, something outside of Dean. This is all him, and it's all for Dad. How could he do that? Dean gave everything to this fight. How could Dad just come in and take it right out of his hands?
Then Dean notices that Cas's shoulders are shaking. "Cas?" he asks, alarmed, and puts his hand on Cas's shoulder to wheel him around.
Dean nods.
"Dean?" John asks.
, but when Dean's face closes off in terror he realizes Dean misinterpreted his silence. "That's not what I meant," he says. "We don't need to discuss—I don't—"
Dean doesn't realize he's stepping away until his back hits the doorway. Michael, vindictive, summons the phantom sensation of Yellow Eyes pinning Dean to the wall of that cabin and shredding up his chest.
, but hunters have always been able to make do with Jim, Jack, and José.
because he
have to use the Ma'lak Box? If we get Michael out of you and kill him?"
"Stop," Castiel mumbles, dazed, around a mouthful of blood. "Stop it."
Cas takes Dean lightly by the chin, looking him up and down. "Hold still."
devil. You're telling me he's real."
But he knows her better than that. "It's the boys, isn't it," he guesses.
Oh, shit. That's got to be something, because as soon as Sam says it the pain in Dean's head amplifies, leaving him doubled over and clutching his head. "Fuck!" he hisses, even as Sam comes around the table to grab him by the shoulder. "What, you'd like that, you son of a bitch? Let's try it," he tells Sam, as soon as the sparks stop popping behind his eyes. "I'm not doing anything else tonight."
He loves Cas.
We back away, still holding the blade to Castiel's throat. Castiel voices no objection to John's sacrifice. Even Sam and Jack only objected on the basis of Dean's safety. Would any of them truly grieve the loss of John Winchester? Perhaps only Dean would be that pathetic. It's the perfect self-made grave, just as strong as Dean's carefully crafted Ma'lak Box.
Dean jerks his head over. Cas stands in the doorway between the kitchen and the map room.
Cas scowls at him. No doubt he'll tell Sam later just how close it really was, but at the moment he seems content to unlock the cuffs and give Dean the stink-eye for downplaying it. Dean hisses through his teeth as the blood rushes back into his hands. Cas was right: that's gonna bruise. Briefly, he feels Cas's fingertips brush the inside of his wrist in the only gesture of comfort he can get away with, without drawing Sam or Jack's attention.
Dean closes his eyes and blows out the candles.
But, okay, fine. Kudos to Cas for respecting his space or whatever. Dean always knew he was on the level, gay or not. But that means he's not going to touch Dean unless Dean gives him the all-clear. And Dean would rather swallow his own tongue than talk about it, so—
No one ever finds out about what Cas said to him. They accept Dean's story without question, because it's true, just not the whole truth. As the months tick by, even Dean almost starts to believe it. People mention Cas less and less, at least around Dean. It doesn't get easier, but he gets better at it.
There's a moment's stunned pause. "I don't need sleep," Cas reminds Dean in a whisper. He shakes himself a little. "Someone could see us."
The noise in Dean's head drops just a decibel. Sam comes around into Dean's field of vision, ducking his head a little to catch Dean's eye. "Dean," he says, very seriously, "if Dad really did say yes, Michael let you hear it for a reason. Dad's the last person you should be around right now."
Could they actually do this thing?
Mary nods. "What about you?" she asks. "Your leg—I'm sorry—"
Mom seems to come to a different conclusion. She gives Dean a little nudge. "He takes good care of you," she decides, nodding at Cas. "Pretty good catch if you ask me."
"You can't think you don't matter to them—"
"I know you always tried so hard to keep the peace," Sam is saying. "And I—I tried to too, so you wouldn't have to shoulder it alone this time, and I know I screwed it up—"
'?" Dean interrupts, turning all the way towards her in his incredulity. Dean is so lucky Dad could not talk about it. This is so much worse, actually. "Wow, Mom, so much for the twenty-first century."
That just leaves one person—one occupant of this bunker who's been around nearly as long as John's been gone, who knows Sam and Dean almost as well as John does, who doesn't like him enough to protect his feelings.
. (take a few minutes to watch it if you can, it'll really, uh, prime you for this chapter.)
Dean shrugs. "Then nothing. As long as that cage in my head holds, there's nothing anyone can do about Michael except me."
"Michael has
The sight of Dad smiling always makes Dean feel better. Now they're on a roll. Dean scans his memories, looking for the other bright spots. "Mardi Gras," he says, snapping his fingers. "Drove all night to get us to New Orleans in time for the parade. I can't remember the last time I got that drunk."
can find a Hand of God, the only other option we even have is letting me use my powers one last time, and you said—"
Now John understands. Sam's defending her, and the deal she made. Mary wouldn't talk to Dean about it, but— "Your Mom told you what we fought over last night, huh?"
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. "Yeah," he admits, like it costs him. "Yeah, maybe."
drew some absolute INCREDIBLE art of a scene in chapter 4, which you can and should see
Fast money doesn't necessarily mean easy money. It wasn't much fun, to understate the situation. But Dean did what he had to do to make sure he and his brother saw the next sunrise with food in their bellies and a place to lay their heads. Always did.
"It just makes me wish you boys had something more. You and Sam barely even know what normal's really like."
"Lie still," Castiel says. He does not offer John water. "It'll take another few minutes for me to finish healing you."
Jack magically hurls the big pieces of the Ma'lak Box into the pit of holy fire with extreme prejudice, while Sam and Cas chuck in the smaller ones by hand. They wouldn't let Dean help dig the hole, which is probably for the best; he's been sleep-deprived for weeks, and he straight-up just didn't go to bed last night. It's making him a little woozy. "Don't you think this is overkill?" he calls, from his place a little further back. The flames are higher than their heads.
let go, Cas will kill him.
"Get out of my car."
him before. "Well, you're keeping watch, right?" he mumbles. Nothing can get them in this car. "Just for the first thirty. Then we'll go, okay?"
Now...John doesn't know. Michael was right: it would have been easy to let him and John go, or even to kill John along with him when the time came. Then he and Dean never would have had to face each other, after—what Michael said, about Dean and Castiel and—and all those men. But Dean fought for John even when it was the hard choice. He saved John, just like he's been saving him a little every single day since 1983, in ways John was too mired in his own grief to understand. It doesn't seem so much like neediness anymore, the way Dean is about his family. John feels humbled by that devotion. Undeserving. Almost ashamed.
real; Michael's taking his last shot while he and Dean are still outside the bunker walls. "
Sam ruins it a little by giving Dean a skeptical look, like, what, he'd rather Dad still be dead or something? This is a shit situation, but Dean will never wish his father wasn't alive. "You know this makes everything more complicated," Sam murmurs. "Dad's a hunter. This is a case to him. He's gonna find out sooner or later. And then what?"
dead, Jack with blood all down his front, Mom's eyes missing, Dad's neck cracked, and Sammy missing his skin, but they're standing there like they're alive, staring at him. Dean reels back in sudden horror, or he tries, but his feet are frozen to the floor. He wants to cry out, but his voice is gone.
"I don't mind," Cas assures her. "You remind me of Dean, actually. He carries and carries things, but eventually there comes a time when he's ready to lay them down and talk. And I—and Sam—we're always ready to listen." He hesitates. "That goes for you too. You're my family. For family, I'm only ever a prayer away."
"Or the way he couldn't help threatening Jack, upsetting Sam, or making Mary cry?"
"Dean." Cas stops him with a single light touch to his wrist, where the angel cuffs did in fact leave bruises. "Not tonight."
The joke even made Dad smile, in that tired sort of way he has. "I'll go get it," he says, and for a second Dean thinks he's running with the gag, but he's a hunter too; he actually turns to go inside, causing Mom and Dean to snicker behind him.
We are overcome by a sudden surge of fury. He thinks he won't break for us? We don't need thirty years in Hell to get what we want. We squeeze our fist again, crushing the room, bringing everyone back to their knees.
Mom's mouth firms into a hard line. "Then maybe I should."
He's stammering again. When they were kids, like, really little, Dean used to be the one who stammered sometimes, when he was still getting the hang of talking again. Now Sam does. It's a habit he brought back with him from Lucifer's Cage. It used to piss Dad off when Dean did it, he remembers, and at the same moment realizes that not once has he heard Sam slip up in front of their father.
John nods, wordless, but a small, bitter resentment begins to take root. At least he was there. Where was she?
, inspired by
Mom's hand stroking his face is almost literally like a dream; once, a very long time ago, the Mom in a djinn's dreamworld touched Dean the same way. She wasn't like the real thing—she was effortlessly loving, showered Dean in those maternal touches without even thinking. This Mom has to try at it, because feelings are hard, and she's a living human being with faults and failures. She has to choose to do it every single time. But she tries because she thinks it's worth it, and that makes it mean so much more when she does. Dean would take this flawed, real Mom over a hundred perfect fakes. Every time.
"Did you sleep at all last night?" Castiel murmurs, brow furrowed. It's the most human he's looked since John met him. "You promised me you'd try to rest."
"What a sentence," Mom mutters.
"Michael's got plenty, but I'd have to let him out of my head first," Dean says. Michael bangs on the door in his head in reply. Whatever kept him so silent last night clearly didn't carry over to the morning after. It's really too bad. "And obviously that defeats the purpose."
"Jack," Sam says, voice tight. "Come on."
He never wanted this.
John wheels around. "Are we just going to let him walk out of here like that? With that thing? What the hell's the matter with him?"
"Never," Castiel says, but his eyes are on Dean's broken form lying in the debris behind us. He is desperate to get to him, to see if he can heal what remains of his hand.
A terrible understanding begins to take root. "What happened?" John whispers. For Castiel to be so angry, it must somehow be even worse than selling his soul. "What has Dean done now?"
Jack frowns. "Is Michael really getting that bad?"
Sam's eyes are bright, but his voice is steady. "For the record, I'm with Cas."
scared. Not just scared—he's terrified. He doesn't want to die. And if Michael's worried about dying, that means this is going to work. Dean laughs through the pain, exhilarated. It's going to work. He's going to be free.
God, he's such an asshole.
The nephilim yells in fury. He's going to be a problem; taking even a single strike at him runs the risk of him deflecting it tenfold. He lifts his own arm, palm out—but before he can make a move on us Sam yanks his arm back down.
look he picked up from Sam, and places one hand on each side of Dean's neck where the vampires tore into him, uncaring of the blood. His eyes spark briefly and then Dean feels the familiar sensation of his skin knitting back together under Cas's hands.
about it and neither of us saying anything! I can't do it."
"What's wrong with
Cas can't seem to stop a small, fond smile. "Of course," he says warmly, without looking up from his phone. "Who else would I gossip about?"
(See the end of the chapter for
," it sang, more cheerily than usual, and began the process of cutting into John anew, "
Dean's stomach turns. He knows what that's like. Outside of sparring, his father never raised a weapon to him, but he didn't need to. Dean can't count the number of times Dad would have one too many, and Dean would have to spend the whole night looking at his hands to make sure they didn't turn into fists. Dad only really beat Dean the one time, in Flagstaff, but when Dean screwed up bad enough or Dad got pissed enough he'd lose his temper and smack him just once or twice, over the back of his head or across his face. He had a short fuse, Dean's father, but he stayed right there on the edge of blowing his top forever. It was hard to predict when it would finally go critical. But if Dean did any one thing right, it was that Dad never, not once, hit Sam. Not outside of sparring. Not like he hit Dean. Dean wouldn't have been able to stand it.
"You knew enough!" John insists. "You knew he was a demon! You just saw him rip apart your family! What more did you need?"
SPOILERY WARNINGS: there is a VERY minor sex scene between dean and cas. they both consent to everything (admittedly, dean is a little uncertain at first, when he gives his verbal consent, before he relaxes), but michael cannot technically consent to anything. i PROMISE he doesn't give a fuck though. he's, like, twirling his mustache and doing the villain laugh while also going "oh my god that's DISGUSTIIIIING" kind of like the way people rubberneck at a train wreck.
Sam's expression tightens. "I can't do that, Dean. Once we lock you in that box, I don't know if we can get you back out."
Dean shoves his way forward. The last time he moved towards us like this, it was to sell himself in exchange for the life of his brother and the nephilim. It's a good memory. "These can still hold you, right?" he asks, and unlocks the angel cuffs dangling on one bruised wrist. If he had put them both on before succumbing, they might have posed a real danger, but with only one of them closed, they could not have hoped to keep an archangel in any vessel. Dean twirls the cuffs around his finger, smirking, and begins to slowly circle the small room; in perfect tandem, Castiel and Sam slip in behind him. Mary blocks the door. "You don't like these one bit."
Cas nods. Dean lets go of one of his hands to cup his face, letting his thumb brush away the wetness under Cas's eye. Seems like Michael got Cas to cry after all—but at least that fucker's not around to see it.
, but—I do. I want you, Cas," he says, even though he can't keep looking Cas in the eye while it comes out of his mouth. "So—I'm playing for keeps. Whether I live or die or worse."
Silence around the table. Yeah, Dean's not thrilled about it either. His breakfast suddenly seems less appealing.
This box is supposed to contain an angel. And Dean wants to be locked inside of it.
Oh, shit. The dread in Dean's stomach grows roots and starts spreading through all of his limbs. "Mom..."
"Oh, come on," Sam shoots back. "Dean, I'm around you and Cas 24/7. I figured there was something going on way before either of you did, trust me. I mean, do you have any idea how long I've had to watch you two make your stupid googly eyes at each other? It was a
How many times, after Sam left for Stanford, had Dean longed for it to be just the three of them against the world again? He thought if he could just have one more chance at it, he could fix it. He could do better. They could be family again. But Sam had it figured out long before Dean did: it was never gonna work. They could never go back to how things were because the way things were was broken. Every day, they both cracked apart a little more under the strain. Of course it was going to end with Sam and Dean split up. Of course Dean only found the courage to go talk to Sam again once he was sure Dad was gone. They were always closest when Dad wasn't in the picture. When he was there, literally or not, he always drove them apart.
John, now seated at the table with Mary to his right, gives her a skeptical look. "Angels have kids?" What kind of human being would get
"Guess I am," Dad says ruefully, giving the rainbow sprinkles a wary look. Even Sam laughs, and it's—not all the way at Dad's expense, not really. At least, not in a way that means a fight later. Rainbow birthday cake is just about the lowest stakes they've ever had.
, and realizing that even if he wasn't into guys he sure as hell seemed to have one exception. But even as fucked up as all of that was, what ate him up the most was that Cas went to his end thinking Dean was still angry with him. That wasn't a first for either of them, but it gets worse and worse every time. Dean doesn't ever, ever want to go through it again.
This time, Sam accepts John's condolences, albeit with a shrug. Their footsteps echo in the empty hallways. Something in John itches to see the sky.
"Or something else that grants wishes," Sam suggests. "Since, uh, Dean got the wrong one."
Oh, is Dean changing lanes too fast for him? "Driving my car," he clarifies. His hands start creeping towards Cas's waist so he can untuck his shirt while they talk. "Your hair all fucked up. Covered in vamp blood. Only one hand on the wheel. I kinda liked it." Dean's half-giddy, half-sick with the admission. He's never said anything like that to a guy before. He's never
Dean admits defeat and lets Sam drive on the way back, mostly because when Sam comes out of the store he catches Dean in serious danger of dozing in the front seat, in the middle of nervously trying and failing to compose a text message to Cas for like the fifth time. Dean doesn't see what Sam puts in the trunk, but it sounded like a lot of bags just for a marshmallow craving. "Seriously, dude," he says, as he slides over to the passenger's side, "what's with you today?"
Dean studies his face, but he can't find the lie. "Yeah," he says at last. "Yeah, okay. Sure." He clears his throat. "Damn, those must've been some good burgers."
"No," Dean whispers. "No no no—get out of him—"
? How old were you when you watched them?"
Damn it. Dean never could distract Dad away from trouble. He should count himself lucky Dad wasn't asking what Cas was doing in his room. Getting caught fucking would probably be less embarrassing than what was actually going on.
Cas's expression remains blank for a long second—but then his eyes go wide and he tips his head forward into Dean's shoulder. Mission accomplished, sort of: he's laughing. "Dean,
for her thorough proofreading, sam girl sensitivity reading, and for heroically trudging through ~90k of a pairing she doesn't even like,
Unfortunately, Mary and the boys aren't his only family. For better or worse, there are the Milligans to think about—it's been so long, John doesn't even know if Kate is still alive, and by now she and Adam must think he's dropped off of the face of the earth. He just needs to check on them, to make sure they're okay—then he can get back to being here, and making things right with his boys.
It's not technically true, anyway. Dean and Cas might be
What? John wheels around. "I never told you that."
Mary goes still. "Excuse me?"
. As bad at it was before, this is worse. He's not a hamster anymore. He's off the wheel. Shit can't keep jerking him around like this. Out of his mouth without permission: "Who the fuck are you?"
"Yeah," Dean says at last. "Yeah, and so what? Huh? You think that's the first or last time I'd do somethin' like that for you?"
It's mostly dark out here, illuminated by one distant orange streetlight out where their weird little driveway meets the road. Dean uses that light to climb the stairs and up the steep little hill of dirt that covers the bunker's main entrance. There's a railing on both sides and above it, and he leans on that as he looks up at the sky.
Then suddenly Mom says, "That's enough. We can't afford to do this right now. We have to focus on Michael."
God, Cas smells so fucking good. Like aftershave and ozone. Dean slips his hands up under Cas's trench coat and his suit jacket to feel him through his shirt. It's different than it is with women—he's so solid under Dean's hands, with hard angles instead of soft curves. His hands, one still on Dean's face and the other resting on his knee, are bigger and thicker than what Dean's used to when he's actually looking to have fun instead of make a quick buck. But he's warm, and he's real, and he's
But Summer does, in fact, make it to the end of the movie, and lives on to get sliced and diced another day. Jack unlocks the chains binding Dean to the pillar so he can hit the head and stretch his legs, but Dean stops him from unlocking the handcuffs. "Better leave these on just in case," he says. The pounding in his head was relatively quiet during the movie—maybe Michael's got a little crush on David Yaeger?—but once the chains fell it came back in full force. Wouldn't be the first time Dean's had to handle the goods with his hands tied, so to speak.
I HAVE SO MANY TRANSFORMATIVE WORKS TO LINK TO THIS WEEK: firstly,
"It sucked," Dean interrupts. "I was pissed, sure. But now that we're not in it anymore, I don't know. I'm glad you got to have normal for a little while."
"What am I supposed to do with it?" Jack asks. "Last time, it didn't work. And you said that other angel grace made you sick."
John's empty hands flex at his sides. He realizes that this is the first time the two of them have ever been alone, even during yesterday's hunt. "Which is?"
Hm. Yeah, no, Dean's heart is definitely doing some kind of funny flip-flop in his chest. Damn it. He covers his face with both hands and groans.
Of course, there's no peace for Dean, not anymore. Michael was quiet during Dean's talk with his dad, probably hoping to find some weakness to exploit—no surprise there. Dean's always been weak where Dad was concerned. But Michael likes being out of the bunker and away from its anti-angel warding and the Ma'lak Box too much to simmer down while Dean's out here. The warding won't stop him, of course; it took a minute, but he blasted through it on his way into the bunker that first time. But it still means no zapping in and out of the bunker unless the door is open. If he got Dean out here, he'd have a much easier time making a break for it.
Then there's the time Dean's in danger of nodding off on a long drive home. Cas reaches across the six inches of open seat between them to touch Dean's hand to make sure he's awake—and yeah, the immediate kick of adrenaline perks him right up—and leaves his hand there instead of taking it away. Dean counts the minutes on the dashboard clock. It takes twenty-one of them for him to work up the courage to turn his hand over and lace their fingers together.
"What?" says Dad. "I can stay if I fall in line, that's the deal, right? I'm just getting a beer. Am I
What? "Dad, all your fake credit cards expired in like 2006," Dean says. "When did you have
Dean thinks back, doing some quick mental math. "Maybe fourteen or fifteen. One year during Halloween, me and my dad and Sammy were holed up in this little place in the Florida Panhandle, and we sat down and marathoned all five." Dad really loved these movies too. Considering they star a vengeful car mechanic, it's not hard to see why. "Sam got bored after the second one and went to bed. Still—best Halloween ever. And then this past Halloween I got to gank old David Yaeger here for real. Second best Halloween ever."
Oh no. No, no, no. Not this. "That...you have it?" Dean asks hopefully.
"Good," says Cas, and he seems pleased. But maybe he catches the confusion on Dean's face, because he explains, "I've never done anything like that before, Dean. Just the once, and that wasn't really..." He trails off.
"What?"
"There's plenty of stuff we haven't found ourselves," Dean admits, "and we've been hanging our hats here for, what—" He does some quick mental math as he opens his beer. "Yeah, like six years now."
Dean lets out a slow and shaking sigh. This is a clusterfuck.
died; to this day he can't remember it. John always accepted Mary's version of events without question—why would she lie? It wasn't until after her death that he began to see their entire life together in a totally new light.
Dean's never let another man kiss him, no matter how badly he needed the money. And he always thought doing this kind of shit would remind him of a john. But Cas doesn't smell like sweat and stale cigarette smoke and diner grease, just clean, like aftershave and ozone. He wasn't pushy or grabby; his hand steadied Dean's chin more than anything. He didn't even really invade Dean's personal space. The whole thing was over before it started.
"Then why are you doing this to him?" Dean says. And then, without his permission, his mouth says, "Why are you doing this to yourself? He would—"
. He's family, and Dean does not let family go hungry. Dad could at least use a decent breakfast, if he's going to stay. And Dean wants him to stay. Dean always wants his dad to stay.
WOW. ok. hi! first of all, holy shit. thank you all so, so, SO much for all the love last week, i was totally overwhelmed in absolutely the best way. i don't think i've ever gotten so many comments on anything so fast, i almost literally couldn't keep up with them all!! i'm so glad i have not hyped this fic up for nothing! i was pretty nervous about that. i am not normally going to post the chapters at midnight like i am this time (it's practically like posting on a wednesday, it feels disrespectful to castiel), but i happened to have this one ready and had a strong yearning for dopamine, so here we are.
Cas gives him one of those long, searching looks, the kind that make Dean feel like he's getting an x-ray of his soul. "Any way I want?"
movies, their day of sightseeing in New York City, that fishing trip with just the two of them that he told Jack about, Dean's eighteenth birthday where Dad gave him the keys to his baby. After that, Dean had to stop. It felt too manipulative, like he was playing Dad on purpose and then getting nice things he didn't deserve.
"Oh, I'm peachy, I—
When Dad does something awful, Dean points the finger at somebody else. Sam or Cas for pissing Dad off, or Jack for not knowing he shouldn't mention Hell, or Mom for putting things on hold. He had to—half the fucking reason Dean hates for Dad to get upset is because he used to take it out on Dean. And it's not like Dean didn't learn that kind of redirection from the best; Dad was always great at blaming other people for his mistakes. Flagstaff isn't the only thing he turned into someone else's fault. Not even close.
"You don't think I know that?" Dean asks. "Hell, I'm
It is the work of moments for an archangel to crawl out of one body and force itself inside another. As the room trembles and floods with light, Castiel cries out, horrified, "Dean, no—" and then a moment later in despair: "Shut your eyes! Shut your eyes!"
there is also one thing i feel merits a warning in the technical sense, but is a spoiler. i'm sure almost everyone is fine without this warning, but if you like to be extremely careful and don't mind ruining the surprise, you can skip to the end notes to see it ahead of time.
If Cas notices he's being kept at arm's distance, he doesn't say anything. This, naturally, serves only to make Dean more suspicious. It's not right that Cas seems so content. How can he be? Dean never gave him a goddamn thing, and Cas knew he never would. He said it himself: that the one thing he wanted was something he
"Talk to me," Cas says urgently. "Tell me it's you."
Some part of Dean's brain is stuck replaying that light touch to his wrist, the way Cas pressed his lips to Dean's skin without wanting or pushing for anything else. It's not just that Dean doesn't mind giving Cas what he wants. He almost wishes—not like
!" Dean roars.
worth it to fight with Dad," Sam says. "But the reason I flew off the handle—Dean, he knew about the demon blood."
Dean scoffs. "And what if Michael gets out while it's just me and the kid, huh?"
NEXT WEEK: someone drives the impala for the first time, mary makes a difficult decision, and dean and cas spend a little time in a parked car. see you then, and thank you so so much for reading!!!
"Hello, Dean," Cas greets, quiet and subdued.
And boy, hasn't Dean lived to regret it. He once thought he'd never not be happy that his dad was alive, but maybe it was better for him to stay dead than for Dean to ruin his marriage. "Dude, I told you that was an accident!"
We rise, filled with a sudden fury. Our Father deigned to speak to this worm, when He spent millennia ignoring His own sons? Why should any son understand what it is to love a father when that father has never shown any love in return? Who is anyone, but what his father makes him?
John swallows down sudden nausea, and resists the urge to shrink down in his chair, away from Castiel's hand. Angels feel more monstrous to him now than ever, and apparently, even monsters can be homosexuals. That's a pretty big surprise, but not nearly as big of a surprise as...
From the opposite direction, Sam calls back, "Setting the table! Must be Cas and Jack."
"It's too late," says Jack. "I'm invested." He lets out a huge breath as Summer ducks the hatchet and makes it out into the corridor with her head still attached. "These were your favorites as a
"You'd better," Dean agrees easily. Vampires are one thing, but he doesn't mind if it's Cas. "Otherwise Michael's gonna be running around in my corpse."
Castiel pauses, frowning, and then looks up at the door, a sudden shock of electric blue. John's been made. He maintains eye contact long enough to let Castiel know he's not going to pretend he wasn't eavesdropping, and that he's not intimidated, before shrugging and moving on.
"She was a wonderful mother," John told Sam, his voice rough. They were in a cabin in Oregon, and it was night-time in January, so they had a fire going in the hearth, and of course that didn't help matters any. "That's what you should remember. How much she loved you boys." And he dug one of his precious photos out of his wallet and gave it to Sam, told him he could keep it if he went to bed quietly and on time that night, and shared it with his brother.
. Not the way we pictured it." He takes a bite out of his sandwich and finds himself pleasantly surprised. All these years, and Dean remembered he hates mustard.
"Something's not right with you, son," Dad says, frowning. "And whatever it is, Castiel is helping you with it, isn't he?"
Dean could never have done it with the lights on. But he was scared, that first night. He was afraid Michael would find him in his sleep, and in a moment of weakness, he reached for Cas first. Cas was kind enough not to make him do it again.
Things mostly do go back to normal after that.
"Don't blame Jack," Cas says quietly. "Your father was the one who overreacted. He's the one who upset you—"
Sam smirks. Something about his expression in the dark sends a frisson of unease up Dean's spine. "Not so sloppy as you think," he declares, and so saying, he reaches down, takes Cas's angel sword out of his hand, and uses it to stab Cas in the back.
," Sam and Cas say in unison.
If Dean is scaring Cas, Cas is doing a pretty good job of not showing it. He keeps his tone nice and level. "All right," he agrees quietly. He glances down to where Dean is white-knuckling him and says, "Tell me how to help."
Mom starts, "Dean—"
. She kept her entire life from him, and now this too. But John missed her too much. She was gone for too long. He couldn't be angry even if he tried—not at his Mary. Whatever protests John had been ready to make about Dean and Castiel have been silenced, at least for now.
it matter? Dean struggles to put words to the feeling. "I need to know what you want," he realizes. "I—I fucked you up, Cas. You'd still be regular Joe the Angel if you never laid hands on me, and then you
"I was working that case for twenty-two years, son," John says grimly. Even without counting the extra decade and change he's been gone, he's still got more field time than they do. Maybe it's a good reminder that hard experience and perseverance is nothing to sneeze at.
"What?" For some reason that feels like a weird question. Cas never struck Dean as the insecure type. What does he want, a performance review? "Uh, it was a little more than all right, Cas." Dean tosses the evidence of that—the bag with the balled-up napkins in it—the back. He'll throw it away when they leave.
"I heard you and Cas talking," Dean says. "Dad's not a bad person. I know he wasn't always like this. I do remember, a little. How he used to be." It's a strange, lonely feeling. Dean might be the only person in the world who both remembers how John Winchester was before the fire and who came to know him after. Those two versions of his father live side by side in Dean's heart, superimposed on top of each other so closely that some days he can't tell one from the other. "That whole forgiveness thing is underrated. Life's short. Ours are shorter than most. In a gig like this, you only get so many second chances. I wouldn't pass any up if I were you."
As he speaks his hand slides up Dean's arm until it's resting on Dean's left shoulder. That hand got him out of Hell, Dean reminds himself. He's topside. Dad is topside. Cas is here. Alastair is dead. Sam and Cas killed him.
Cas shrugs, rueful. "I didn't want anyone but you. What would've been the point?"
"No, dude, you don't get it. You should be pissed." Dean hauls himself up to a sitting position. "Cas, I—" His voice fails him momentarily. "I'm trying to say that—man, I'm not into dudes. Like I said, that's gross. But you—"
on tumblr. as always, thank you all so, SO much for reading. it has been an unforgettable ride <3
hear him. "Guy's real into world domination. Thinks he's hot shit. Too bad for him he's just a washed-up little bitch with a god complex and daddy issues who can't even keep it up long enough to deal with a few fucking humans."
For the first time ever, Dean decides to let Cas drive. There are three reasons for this.
Cas glances at Dean and then does a double-take. "Your face," he says.
He hears Sam sigh. "It's Sam."
"Killjoy," Dean dismisses.
So, ironically, Cas stays in his room all night and they
means when Dean is ready, whenever that turns out to be. But now that he knows for sure it's over, Dean wishes he hadn't pulled himself out of Cas's arms so quickly. He already misses being there.
We turn our head to the nephilim. "Now," we say, "where were we? Ah yes. The door."
"Thought Dean said your kind had wings," Dad says. Cas ignores him. "Unless he was just pulling my leg. You got wings, Castiel?"
Dad gives him a skeptical look. "I don't like this," he says, just like Dean knew he would. "I hope you three know what the hell you're doing, because you just supercharged that kid's nukes."
"How are you here?" he murmurs, stroking his thumb over Mary's shoulder in wonder. "How are you real?"
Cas has never looked at Dean that way.
It takes Dean a long moment to speak. "You ever think we kept it hidden for a reason?" He tries to make his voice sound low and mean and nasty, like it was in Hell and in Purgatory, but instead he finds his throat closing. "You don't need to know everything. That was between me and Dad!"
What? "Mary, you fed me dinner every night for almost ten years," John says, scandalized.
"Jack," Dean warns, and Jack quiets.
That gets a laugh—even Dad smiles, and it doesn't look entirely forced. "Well, it worked," he points out quietly. "Check that off the old bucket list, huh? Right under the wire."
Sam throws his head back and laughs. That's basically what they're doing here, right? Burning it in an open hole and then covering it with dirt again to make good and sure it can't come back to haunt them later. Insane behavior, but that's the hunter in them. The salt is all that's missing.
"What?"
When Dean kissed Cas he thought it would be the only one, because they were at the end of the road, and there was nowhere left to go. Life is so short and so joyless and Dean was so goddamn
"This is the worst thing that could happen to me," Dean tells him. He doesn't take his eyes off Cas's for a second. "Losing myself to Michael. And him using these hands—" Dean bunches one up in Cas's tie, using it to keep him pinned against the wall. "—to tear my family to shreds. And after what I've done to him, these past few weeks? It won't be quick."
Dean shrugs; deliberately casual, deliberately misunderstanding the question. "Well, Mom did almost shoot him. I'd hate to see what Dad would do."
and then he—I never should have left you alone with him, with what he became—and I just—I didn't mean to get upset. I just wanted to tell you how sorry I was. Dean, I'm so sorry."
problem, planning to pull yet another all-nighter trying to drag Dean's ass out of the fire,
Wait. "What?"
Dean rolls his eyes. Yeah, sure. No reason to grace that with a reply; Sam's probably busy. He hopes they at least got out of Jack and Mom's earshot first.
Dean realizes a second too late that he shouldn't have said it. He watches the smile drop off Dad's face as they both remember at the same time: Caleb called them halfway through dinner, ending their celebrations early. He got hurt and needed Dad to back him up and finish the case. Dad left that night and said he probably wouldn't be back until at least next month, because werewolves always take forever. And when Dad got back home a week early, Sam was nowhere to be found.
They exchange a smile. Dean considers lighting himself on fire. One of these days he's going to learn to stop spying on people; it's agonizing.
Cas lifts his eyebrows, raking his eyes over the scene before him. He doesn't have to say a single word for Dean to hear what he's thinking, loud and clear. "Sam needs your help with something."
He tries again, but no: they're stuck. "What—?"
Dean swallows. "Oh," he says, touched. It takes him a moment to find his voice again. "Okay. Uh, thanks."
And now that that's over, the noise returns, the thunderclap sound of Michael beating against that door, the shrieking tornado wail of him trying to scream Dean's whole body to pieces.
Sam gives him a flat look. "Cas fixed my arm. You just watched him do it."
"Bad enough that you were willing to see a doctor—I know how you hate doctors." She takes one look at Dean's upturned face and almost loses it again. "Can't we go back to fighting like we used to? You should be furious with me—angry, shouting—something."
! Of course he saved me—and he paid for that in Hell!"
. the awesome fanart in this chapter was drawn by
Darkness, as the power goes out in the bunker, and Dean's head is plunged underwater.
"Sounds like a great idea," Mom says. She gives Dad this little wave which Dean knows means Dad won't be arguing with anybody about anything. "We'll cover the back. Text when you're ready."
The conversation's intermittent—they're both chewing—but eventually Cas asks when Dean learned to cook and Dean tells him a little about how he started playing around once he finally got a real kitchen to himself, after living like a trucker for the past thirty years. Dean mostly forgets about Cas interrogating him about his motives or whatever until they're finished eating, and there's a lull in the conversation, and Cas says, "I already had everything, you know. I just didn't realize it."
good."
, but thankfully sleep deprivation hasn't totally killed his brain-to-mouth filter yet. And anyway, on a scale of one to machine gun fire, Michael is currently at a nice manageable three and a half—that is
Cas sounds like he's choosing his words carefully. "Would that really be so bad?"
"Well, you're fighting him—"
With the fake Mom, Dean turned his face into her hand. With this Mom, Dean drinks in her touch without moving a muscle. He's afraid of needing her too much. He doesn't want to shout at her, not really. Not when they've been doing so well. He doesn't want to scare her away. Dean fights to unstick his voice. "Mom," he says finally, "you can't tell him about Michael. Please, no matter what, don't tell him about Michael. You've gotta watch what you say."
—but it won't kill an archangel—
NEXT WEEK: a family hunting trip, a kiss, and a pretty important revelation for sam. see you then, and thank you so much for reading!!
, and
Dean shoves his fists into his eyes and pushes away from the table. He stumbles over a chair because he's drunk and trying not to lose his shit, and hears Cas make a sound of alarm, but when he feels Cas approach to steady him, Dean waves him away. Cas can't touch him right now. He'll explode into a thousand pieces.
harm, and like he'd be more than happy to do so. Fine, so he's an angel: that still means he's not human, and John doesn't trust what isn't human. You're either a person or a monster. End of story. There's no gray area there.
Dad made him safe. Dad made him strong. And no one can change that or take it away from him.
But "even" could also mean they're actually gonna do this thing. Dean doesn't know how he feels about that. He wants to give to Cas, and now he knows why, but he doesn't know how much.
"Then Dad doesn't get to drive the car," Dean argues. "Besides, we'd freeze. We'll just have to split up."
Dean wipes a deer-in-headlights expression from his face, and clears his throat. "Yeah, so—as it turns out I did spend a little time downstairs," he says. "It's not a big deal. Wasn't half a minute before Cas here sprang me."
Yeah, John'll drink to that. He lifts his drink and Dean clinks their bottles together.
. This whole fucking thing was monkey's-paw cursed from the get-go. Dean's never trusting any magical object ever again.
Light fills the room, reflecting in Dean's eyes making them look as though they glow. And for the very first time, John sees him. John sees him, John sees him, John
," John says, frustrated, but Dean has already pushed up off the stool. He flashes John a thumbs up as the door closes behind him, but he leaves his own sandwich half-eaten and his beer half-drunk.
Sam looks away. He knows what it was.
And even though Dean didn't realize until he said it, it's true. He really doesn't care that he got his ribs broken. So what? He breaks bones and worse on this job all the time. He's been to Hell. It sucked, but as far as physical injuries go, it doesn't even break the top ten. Couple of ribs. So fucking what?
Mom squints at the projector as they crowd into the library. "Is that Hatchet Man? They must have made more of them while I was dead."
And Dean's still scared, but not as much. Not so scared that he can't sleep. Because Cas is keeping watch on Dean's head. He's looking out for Michael, just for a little while, so Dean can get some rest. Not even Sam could do that.
The shotgun-side door opens.
Footsteps in the hallway. We turn. The archangel blade, last of its kind, has rolled out into the hallway, and currently rests beneath Castiel's shoe.
Dad looks just like he did the day he crawled out of Hell and helped them put an end to old Yellow Eyes, and he looked then just like he did the day he died. Same dirty boots, same worn rolled-up shirt sleeves; he's even still got a fresh shiny pink scar on his eyebrow, from a cut from a car crash that happened more than a decade ago.
The room waits with held breath. Cas is tense and scared beside him. Dean takes one more glance at his father—on the other side of the table. He can't see, Dean reminds himself, and even if he could it doesn't matter because he already knows. Then he laces his fingers through Cas's—just for now, just for a second, just for this. Cas reached for Dean first every night for weeks; Dean's just returning the favor.
"Dean." Cas reaches for Dean, hesitates, and then lays his hand on Dean's wrist anyway. It's a warm day, and Dean's not wearing a coat. Cas's fingers touch Dean's bare skin. Dean used to get bruises there, from johns who liked to play rough. Cas's touch is so light and so brief Dean can hardly stand it. "I
Mary rushes forward into John's waiting arms. He gathers her up and holds her close, pressing kiss after kiss into her hair, tears running down his face. "My girl," he says, in aching disbelief, drawing back to cup her face in his hands. "My
Michael's still screwing with Dean; his father's eyes flash yellow. Dean
From there, it's a quick walk to the storage room. He won't have a lot of time, but it should be enough.
"Dean?"
, not like that, but he said
"You don't know him like we do."
to show up to Family Game Night. I wanted to wait until you got back."
"Why don't you let me clean up this mess, huh?" Dad says. "I don't mind staying awake. I got more sleep than you did, anyway."
It's gone. And when Dean looks up, shocked, he finds two concerned faces looking down at him: Cas, alive, and Sam, his eyes a familiar hazel. "Dean?"
Dean doesn't like to eat in his room. Matter of fact he only does it when he's trying to hide from people, like when all those Apocalypse World hunters were holed up here. Dean prefers to keep his room clean, and that means free of crumbs and food stains; after a lifetime of living in one-room situations, he's not into crossing the streams of
SPOILER WARNING IS: there is an on-screen suicide attempt by dean in this chapter in which he tries to stab himself with the archangel blade (and is interrupted before he can do so). dean doesn't do this out of any real desire to die, but out of a "practical" way of escaping his current circumstances. obviously in real life suicide is never the answer - if you or a loved one is in crisis, please check
to take that swan dive, whether Sam likes it or not, and there'll be no coming back. Dean will drown with Michael forever. And he'd give just about anything not to have to do it.
"Yeah, I do," Dean argues. "Mom and Sam will think it's his fault. But I—I took
half-fantasies about maybe someday making a move on Cas? Well, the memory of finger-shaped bruises on his wrists and bite marks on his thighs always put an end to that real quick. All roads lead to the same destination, or whatever. Yeah, Dean spent a lot longer looking at Cas than he ought to have and yeah, Cas meant a hell of a lot more to him than anybody on earth, except of course for Sam. Dean suspected for a long time that Cas might even have the hots for him. But whatever weird, unnamed tension they had between them had to stay where it was. If he and Cas ever put things into drive—well, sooner or later, Dean would have to put them back into reverse. And then where would they be? Broke down by the side of the road in the middle of nowhere, with no tools to fix it and no tow in sight. Cas is Dean's best friend. Dean couldn't do that to him.
forgetting something," he gasps. "I killed your brother. And you left that door open."
Hmm. "Not everybody's happy to have me. Even you're keeping me out of the loop."
Whatever witty thing Dean planned to say next dies on his lips. "Yeah," he mutters. "If you say so." He doesn't know how to tell Cas that he can't help it. Dean's always taken care of his family, and that includes Dad, whether Cas likes it or not. He knew how much Dad was hurting, and with Mom gone, Dad didn't have anyone else. So it fell to Dean to pull Dad's boots off and lay a blanket over his shoulders when he passed out drunk, make him hangover breakfasts in the morning and keep the ibuprofen handy by the bedside table. It was Dean's job to remind him to do things like eat and rest, to stitch him up after a bad hunt, wake him up when he had bad dreams, pull the bottle out of his hands when he had one too many, send Sammy to bed early when it looked like the night was shaping up to go sideways.
Dean can't stop the laugh that escapes him. "Sammy, all we were doing was cleaning up our own messes."
, he adds, though he knows that's probably a lost cause.
"At least now it's something we all have in common. You, me—and our boys, too."
Mom's eyes go wide. She stands very still. "Dean—"
The phantom screaming in Dean's head is so loud that even though he sees his father's mouth move he can't hear what he's saying. Sparks pop behind his eyes. His head is killing him but when he tries to grab it he finds he can't move his arms.
Dean's body is battered and bruised, the flesh on his hand all but melted away, but that kind of pain doesn't affect us. Still, the best body is one in working order, so we heal all of Dean's injuries and stand. "This really is the perfect vessel," we say, conversationally. John Winchester is groaning on the floor. We kick him out of our way—Dean's boot connects sharply with his temple—and step forward over debris and broken glass. "Dean was made for this. He's so empty inside, all that negative space just waiting to be filled up. There's so much room in here. Like a black hole. It's nice to spread out and...let loose."
in it," John murmurs, glancing back at the doorway Mary departed through. Would it have been better if he never met her at all?
about the ending: tbh, i'm pretty nervous! it may not be a popular choice but i knew going in that i could NOT kill john - imo, the worst thing john ever did to dean was die for (ABANDON) him, and letting him die in this fic would have felt too much like letting him do that again instead of making him stick around and do the hard thing. the hardest part of this fic was working out how to kill michael without killing john too (it took me a stupidly long time to remember nick surviving 13.23) and what could even be left, in a world where he's back for good and they're all stuck with each other.
Cas appears in the doorway behind Sam. "Are you all right, Mary?"
Once the sun goes down and it gets dark, Mary finally speaks. "You know, when I first came back, and people started telling me you weren't the best father, I didn't believe them. I couldn't even imagine it. You were always so good with our boys, with fatherhood. Rubbing my feet when I was pregnant, learning to change a diaper, teaching Dean his letters early—just so he could be ahead of his class at preschool, so he wouldn't have to go through life the way you did, with people thinking he was stupid. You loved them so much, and I thought—it couldn't have been as bad as they all said. Maybe he made some mistakes, but he's not a monster. They don't know my John. He could never do that. Never."
, he said
Dean closes his eyes. It's not fair. He can't just not answer, but he doesn't ever talk about this, not with anyone. The only person he ever told willingly was Sam. "Yeah," he whispers, heart pounding in his throat. "Yeah, I broke in thirty."
"Because he—he broke your ribs, Dean," Sam says, struggling to keep up. "You just told me it was his fault!"
expression. Anyone else, Dean probably would. The classic "What? No!" and redirect has gotten him this far in life. But Mom's got this way of practically reading his mind sometimes, just like he can see all her thoughts on her face when they aren't so plain to everyone else. They're always honest with each other. "Yeah," Dean admits, rubbing the back of his neck, "but I don't wanna talk about it."
Dad's guest room is the one furthest from Dean's, and Dean almost chickens out twice on the walk there. Knocking on his dad's door like this makes him feel like a little kid again, like he's interrupting big important work for things that don't matter. But when Dad says "come in," and Dean opens the door, he finds that the guest room is bare. No paper-and-string murals on the walls making connections between mysterious house fires and impossible-to-track demonic omens, no open laptops or collections of empty takeout containers and coffee cups, no stacks of dog-eared books with hard-to-read names or folders full of grisly crime scene photos. It's just Dad, sitting on the bed, looking down at his old journal.
But Cas isn't like those other guys. He really did look hot driving Dean's baby. And while Dean used to not mind Cas touching him, that's a whole different ballgame than actively looking forward to it. He can't imagine having fun banging a dude; he'd be lying if he said the idea wasn't more than a little intimidating. If it's Cas, though, he's willing to give it the old college try, because before today he couldn't imagine getting turned on looking at a guy either. Sometime while Dean wasn't paying attention, neutral snuck right into drive. It's the weirdest feeling—like something inside Dean was dead and buried, and Cas did what he does best and laid on the hands to bring it back to life.
, give me Dean's keys. Now."
Cas does a double take, but now's not the time to have that talk. Dean just squeezes hard—just to let Cas know he's there. Cas swallows and squeezes back tight, his eyes returning to Jack. Well, good. It's about time he got to lean on Dean instead of the other way around.
," Mom corrects, wiping furiously at her eyes. "Dean, I should have been there! All those years you spent doing
Dean doesn't like to be handled so roughly by other men, but especially by this one. We could linger on why, but at the moment we have another objective. With one of his father's hands around his neck, pressing him into the jagged glass behind him, we reach down with the other and force his fingers closed around the cuffs. Then with our grace we melt them right in his hand.
It takes Dean an entire six seconds to formulate an answer. "No," he says, and then, "I'm on my way," and then he hangs up.
"Buddy," Dean says helplessly, "what gives?"
also made a cool tragedynatural post for the john & mary reunion you can see
Sam lifts his eyebrows, a little incredulous, but he's a good brother most of the time so he takes the cards. "What are we playing?"
This was why Dean's been avoiding being alone with Cas all day. He was too scared of what might happen. Now he's regretting it. He's so empty now, without Michael. And while that's a welcome change, he doesn't want that to have to mean opening up his bedroom door tonight to find that it's empty too.
Mary reaches for him, uncertain, but Sam walks away before she can choose whether to touch him or draw back.
Eventually the snarling feeling in his chest dies down. Dean gets another beer, washes the blood off his knuckles, and goes hunting for a broom. If he's fast, he'll have enough time to clean up before Sam and Eileen get back.
But Sam's looking at Dad, not at Dean. "He
, just as the regular angel blade did, perhaps even worse. Our vision flickers and goes dark at the edges, and our hold on the humans loosens enough for them to scramble to their feet, but we do not die. Slowly, we reach up to grasp the blade's handle. We pull it free of John Winchester's sternum and let it fall to the ground.
mean for Cas to give him just five minutes. "I'm busy," he snaps. "What?"
fuck. It's both a relief and a disappointment—to Dean, anyway. Cas never even brings it up, and sometimes Dean wonders if he just has that much self control or if there's something about Dean he doesn't want. He's too chickenshit to just ask. It's not like they can really have a one-on-one conversation about it anyway. That's just part of the archangel-caged-in-your-brain shitshow.
So maybe it had to be like this. Maybe, somehow, they can find a way to salvage it this way, before Dean has to take his coffin ride.
the title is from
"I don't care! Nobody's punching my dad, Cas. Final answer. Everyone has the right to worry about family."
John, shocked, catches himself just in time to keep from falling, but he drops his machete in the process. He didn't even realize he was within arm's reach. He's been wary of Sam before, but never afraid. "Sammy—"
mean "with Cas" anymore. He's been avoiding Cas all day, and apart from the moment when he reached for him while they waited to see if Michael's grace would be enough to fix Jack, neither of them have been able to talk about what happens next. Michael outed them in front of the whole bunker, and he beat Cas to hell with Dean's hands in the process. Maybe Cas doesn't want to sleep with Dean if he doesn't have to. Maybe Cas can't look at him without seeing Michael. Maybe Cas thinks Dean doesn't want anything to do with him anymore. Or maybe Cas just thinks Dean was an asshole to avoid him all day after everything that happened, and he's pissed.
Sam said Michael and Lucifer were both locked in the Cage. But he also said he'd been back from Hell for going on near a decade, and that Jack, the devil's son, is only a couple of years old. Lucifer must have gotten out somehow. And if Lucifer came back...
The thing is: Dean loved his dad with everything he had and then some, and he never, ever wanted to add to his burden. The last thing Dad needed was for Dean to bitch about how shitty and unfair their lives were, and how much they needed Dad to be there when he wasn't. Dean knows Dad did the best he could, and he never wanted to make Dad feel like his best wasn't good enough. Sammy did enough of that for both of them.
The archangel blade is right where they've been leaving it, underneath the tarp covering the Ma'lak Box. Dean rips the tarp away, stomach churning. Building this thing was bad enough. Laying eyes on it now just reminds him of the stakes. Dead is a hell of a lot better than buried.
Mary draws in a ragged sob. "Yes, I did watch him kill my family. Don't you get that? I had no one left. I had nothing. I was desperate—"
Sam elbows him. "Don't fall asleep," he warns in a whisper. Sam's the only person who knows why Cas stays in Dean's room all night. He caught Cas leaving one morning, and telling the truth was better than letting him think Dean and Cas were fucking.
," Mary says, and lays a hand on his arm.
In the end they get everybody that vanished back. Jack sticks it to Chuck, steals his job, and sets the universe on its axis again. But there's nothing he can do about Cas. "Even God can't touch the Empty," he says. "I'm so sorry."
John raised Dean to have that kind of devotion to their family because he needed Dean for their fight, but a small part of him used to think he went too far—that it made Dean too desperate and too needy, because he could barely function when he was alone. That's what made sending him away such an effective punishment: he absolutely hated to be parted from their family. And after Sam left, Dean was a wreck; he drank like a fish, had a new girl on his arm every hour, and nearly got himself killed more than once on the job. He just...stopped trying. He was so blatantly, incurably miserable that John couldn't stand to be around him sometimes, and that was why he started taking on more and more hunts by himself, leading to the eventual disappearance that finally prompted Dean to go get Sam at school. Just like Dean said: when the going got tough, he cut and run.
That ring used to be John's touchstone. For two decades and change he'd worry it and twist it around his finger whenever he needed to feel close to Mary, or needed to strengthen his resolve. It was a hard, bitter quest, their vow to avenge her by killing Yellow Eyes. So many times he thought about just throwing in the towel, and letting Sam and Dean lead normal lives. But deep down he knew normal was never a possibility, not when that demon could walk right back into their lives and upend everything they held dear, just the way it did to Sam at Stanford. They might have a year, five years, ten years—but like a deal come due, sooner or later it would all be ripped out of their hands,
to kill me?"
"You did," John says, numb. He glances briefly at Mary. Her eyes are wide and round; she didn't know about this part, then. "You drank demon blood."
"And how 'bout that time we made him that shitty Halloween costume so he could go trick-or-treating with the other kids?" Dean asks. "You know, back before he knew about monsters."
And, with the other, Cas laces Dean's fingers through his own.
"I guess we've both made some mistakes," John offers at last. "Maybe we can leave it at that. We're all together again, Mary. You and me, and our boys. Isn't that the most important thing?"
To that end, the next time they come back from a job, Dean swings them by the corner grocery instead of the local Biggerson's. Dean didn't do a lot of cooking while Cas was gone—his heart just wasn't in it—but he knows Cas appreciates a good hunk of beef like his salad-loving brother never will, and they've got the place to themselves, so why not?
Hell, a place he was pulled from by the angel currently healing the mortal wound of someone he hates.
Dean's pulse jumps. "Tell me Cas said no."
A small sad smile tugs up one corner of Dean's mouth. It's a hell of a thing to have in common. "Sometimes you just...love someone anyway. They do bad things, and they hurt you, but you still—because he's still my father," Dean says helplessly. "I'm allowed to still like him, even if you and Sam and Cas and Mom all think it's stupid. Just like you're still allowed to watch Hatchet Man movies with me, if you want to." He slides another peanut butter cup across the table to Jack.
"If you're certain," Cas says. "I was hoping you could stay here with Jack."
Cas's hands are still warm against Dean's neck, even though the bites are healed. Dean glances anxiously down the road, then lifts his own hands—still cuffed—to Cas's chest. The chains clink lightly as he fists his hands in the lapels of Cas's trench coat. "Hey," he says. He swallows, uncertain. They're still so new together; if Dean wasn't about to take that trip down to the ocean floor he wouldn't have the sack to be doing this at all. But it's hard to think about what this might mean for them later when there might not
"We're together again," Mary reminds him. "We have a second chance. So don't blow it, okay?"
"Disappointed?" Sam repeats, like he thinks Dean is being stupid. "And...pretty grossed out, I think. Yeah, definitely grossed out. I mean, what did you expect? I just didn't think you were that kind of guy, Dean."
Jack doesn't follow. He's standing very still, looking at John.
John drags himself up the last of the stairs. He looks at us, and opens his mouth—like there's something he wants to say to Dean. And Dean wants him to. He's terrified of the inevitable rejection and he wants to get it over with. He thinks:
John doesn't even want to think about it.
Dean slides into the driver's seat, and when the door clicks shut behind him, he lets out a breath he didn't realize he was holding.
The look Dean gives him is still a little scared, but it's tempered by pity. "You're my dad," he tries to explain, as though it's something easy and obvious. "I can't help it. What was I supposed to do?"
"Hell yeah."
"You were a child," Cas says. "Dean didn't want you to know. He was protecting you. That's what he does. I'm not—" Cas falters. "I suppose he doesn't feel that same need to protect me."
"Come on, Dean," John says, and nudges Dean's ribs with his elbow. "You keep saying we'll talk."
Dean goes to the fridge to get out a few packs of bacon, and when he turns back he sees John in the doorway and freezes.
Dean doesn't even think about it. His mouth moves without his permission, almost like it's been possessed too. "The ribs ain't my problem."
"So, Castiel," John says. "How long have you known Mary and the boys?"
As far as wishes granted go, this one's not too bad.
"Cas—" Dean warns, from behind him.
Then one day Sam and Eileen burst in the bunker and Eileen's finally sporting that rock on her finger. "We're getting married!" she says, like it wasn't obvious, and pulls Dean and Cas into a bear hug. Dean's known her for going on five years now and doesn't think he's ever seen her this happy.
"Yeah, and when you told me that I listened!" Dean tosses the trash bag down, a little too forcefully, and tries not to shout. He has to keep the noise low so they aren't overheard. "Now I'm telling you—this isn't what I want. But it
And he actually turns to go, but Sam catches him by the arm. "Dean, hold on, we have to think about this—it might not even work with him caged. He might have to be...you know. Out. Behind the wheel. If you stabbed yourself and it didn't hurt him, and Cas couldn't heal you, you would just die. And then there'd be no one left in your body to keep him under control. It would be empty, like Cas's vessel. If you wanted to try it, you'd have to wait until—until—"
Dean chokes out a wet laugh, eyes squeezed shut around a sudden rush of emotion. "S—sounds like him." He draws in a stuttering breath, head tipped forward. This isn't working. Thinking about Sam just makes it worse. Who's going to look after him when Dean's stuck at the bottom of the ocean? Who's going to stuff him with shitty junk food and stop him from growing out his stupid beard and make sure he doesn't fight with Dad?
"None of us went to bed last night unless you count Dad being unconscious," Sam corrects, "but Dean hasn't slept since Christmas. Dude, you can't just hop behind the wheel after all of that."
There's a shadow standing behind the column to Dean's left.
"It wasn't always his fault," Dean says. "Most of the time it was me. It was more than just—not being quick enough or smart enough. Sometimes I just wouldn't listen, and it was the only way he could get my attention. Hell, sometimes I wound him up on purpose. He'd be sore and pissed for days or weeks at a time, and I couldn't take walking on eggshells like that, so I'd step out of line to get it over with. 'Cause when he finally did it, I don't know—he felt guilty, sometimes," Dean tells Cas. It seems like an important detail. "And then afterwards he'd change, and he'd be—you know, nicer. Like he was when I was little. Take us out for milkshakes, buy us matinee tickets. Not every time. But often enough. He did his best to make up for it. Sometimes I even..."
Cas looks grim and steady, like he won't be surprised when the axe falls. Dean's about to fuck with his whole day. "This ain't no fling," he says roughly, and Cas's eyes go wide. He tries to sound surer than he feels. "Uh, I didn't—I didn't think I'd want this either,
Sometimes when John got in real late, and he couldn't stand to look at the mess, he'd guilt-clean the entire place top to bottom, intent on surprising the boys when they woke up. He'd do it even if he was bruised and banged up, even once when he had stitches in. It never worked. Dean woke up right away whenever John came through their door, and he always helped with the mess. So, by the time Dean hit thirteen or fourteen, he got to where he was anal about keeping things clean, and he's been that way ever since. No matter where they stayed, the place was always spotless when John walked in. John supposed since no one ever knew when he'd get in, that meant Dean kept them spotless all the time. It's such a little thing, but it was one less weight on his shoulders.
an obsessed bastard, and that truth couldn't hurt him anymore. Dean never liked to get angry at his old man, exactly, but the plain and simple fact is that his best
. John had less than a minute at the controls of his own body, and even that took everything he had. And if watching Castiel fight on their outing today told John anything, it's that angels are far stronger than demons. But Dean's been acting like himself for days, ever since John came back. But maybe he's been possessed for even longer.
Sam gives Mom a careful look. "Feel like staying up?" he says. "I could tell you a few stories."
What the fuck?
They can't say he didn't try.
And it's not like he's knocking something he ain't tried, either. Once he was old enough to stay with Sam while their dad was working, Dad stopped leaving them at places like Bobby's and Pastor Jim's, and that meant no safety net if food money ran out early, which it usually did. Dean learned quick how to ration and beg and borrow and steal, but when he was sixteen or so he learned the fastest money came from a wink and a smile at the wrong kind of guy in the wrong kind of place. The fastest money came from being on your knees in a truck stop bathroom or bent over some anonymous motel bed.
Dean's heartbeat is hammering against his ribs again. "Nah," he says, forcing himself to sound casual. "Nah, man, it's all right."
And in the years that followed the death of her family, there were whole weeks and months at a time where Mary couldn't seem to find the joy in anything anymore, but John would work himself to the bone to see her smile. He'd take her camping, take her dancing, go for long drives at night just to find a good place to look at the stars. John knew all of her favorite songs, the ones that could always get her to sing along, and eventually when they both got tired of switching the cassettes and fast-forwarding to the right parts, he put them together on mixtapes just for her. The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, Judy Collins—John kept them even after she died, because those tapes were one of the few things that always made her happy.
"I'm not giving you the talk," Dean says. "I gave Sam
Sam glances back down the road behind them. "On the way," he promises. "I'd rather not be here when they get back."
"I..." John can't answer. For the first time in their lives, Sam has left him speechless.
Sam and Castiel jump to their feet immediately. "Dean?" Sam asks. He looks scared—scared enough that John gets scared, too. He abandons his plate to hover anxiously at Dean's side. "Hey, Dean, you good? You in there?"
Who the hell told him about that deal?
Part of Dean thinks he realized it right then, even before the lights came on. There's the smell, sure—gun oil and whiskey, hasn't changed a bit—and the way no one else but Sam could ever nail Dean right in the solar plexus like this, kick his ass and leave him breathless with so little effort. But mostly there's just some unnamable thing that's instantly recognizable about this man, even in the dark. Maybe it's his profile, or the way he moves: Dean always could detect his moods without even looking, feeling them from a distance like an oncoming storm. Maybe he knew when he saw him. Maybe he knew after he got close. Maybe that's what made him so slow, so shocked stupid, that he let himself get thrown into the bookshelves right behind Sam. Even when they were sparring, Dean always had trouble raising a hand against him.
And for the first time that he can remember, Dean doesn't wait for Dad's permission; he dismisses himself.
"That was because he found out about Hell. I let Sam die on my watch. Of course he'd be pissed. And I wasn't scared—"
As predicted, Sam doesn't seem to care about the arm at all. It's just that John doesn't know how to apologize for the rest of it. He's never known how to talk to Sam. Where would he even begin? Even if he did, he's not sure Sam would want to hear that, either. "You okay?" he tries.
this fic would not exist without the help of a few extremely cool people:
anyway, as usual, my eternal thanks to
Realistically Dean knows it doesn't matter where, and it doesn't matter when. Michael
"Yeah," Sam says quietly. He leans forward over the table a little, his palms pressed flat to the surface. "I've had that hangover. Remember?"
with him later, for dumping this on her.
So he has. John knows a lot of things about Dean that he didn't have to be told, now. Things he wishes he didn't know at all. Maybe there are worse ways to be violated than possession. Compared to how Dean kept food on the table at age sixteen, maybe dealing with Michael was a breeze.
Dean has to physically bite his lip to stop the apology, because it's just a reflex; he's not actually sorry at all. He's never regretted it less. "What was I supposed to do?" he asks, but he doesn't wait for Dad to answer. Whatever he says will be wrong. "I didn't have a choice. Lucifer had Sam—he had Jack! What's your excuse, huh?"
Slowly, we crouch down, and take him by the chin. "Now is that any way to speak to your father?"
, Dean thinks again, but only to himself, because he's finally empty. Michael is finally gone. Except.
"I've waited for a long time," Cas says. When he meets Dean's eye his gaze is steady and sure. "I don't need anything else. I can wait a little longer to do it the right way."
"You're better off going," Dean says, but the truth is, he doesn't think it'll make a difference one way or the other. His time's just about up. He only says it because he knows Cas will feel worse if he didn't try.
Cas gives Dean a pleading look. Dean shrugs; Jack's got a point. But when Jack whirls to face him, Dean rearranges his features into something more conspiratorial. "Come on," he says, "I'm sure we can find plenty of trouble to get into around here." And he gives Jack a
Dean can't help it. He looks back and forth between Mom's round eyes and Sam's longsuffering stare at the ceiling and Cas's pinched scowl, and he loses it: tosses his head back, and laughs and laughs and laughs.
What? John narrows his eyes. "What rest of it?"
Not the gay way. Just—how they used to. It's been so long, though, that Dean wonders a little if he even still knows how.
"Good talk," Dean says. "All right, catch you guys later. Keep brainstorming while I'm gone."
. Like how Sam loves Eileen. Like, picking-him-up-and-spinning-him-around love. Rock-on-his-finger love.
And Dean's happy to take the path of least resistance, here. He sits back and lets it wash over him—the music, the rumble of the engine, his parents talking happily with one another in a way that he truly thought he'd never, ever hear again.
"Dean," Sam says softly.
Mary has taken a seat by a little table near the wall. "Come sit with me," she calls. "Dean's kitchen, Dean's rules—no loitering."
"Don't," John says sharply. Dean used to stammer sometimes as a kid, when he was upset or overwhelmed or, more often, was looking for a lie. It used to drive John crazy. Dean grew out of it by the time he hit middle school, but it turns up every so often like a bad habit, and still annoys him just as much today as it did back then. "I don't want to hear any more excuses, Dean. I overheard the angels talking. They said you wanted to keep me out of something. What have you got yourself into?"
Dean claps his shoulder. "It was a good try, man. You did the best you could." It's not a subject he wants to linger on, though. He picks up some peanut butter cup wrappers off the floor and asks, "What'd you tell Dad?"
The last word comes out in a scream. The last thing Dean sees as pain and light whites his vision out entirely is his father's grief-stricken face, his mouth formed around Dean's name. Something shatters inside him like breaking glass, something howls as Dean's body tears itself apart, every cell in his body lit on fire, and then, and then—
Does Dean really want to throw himself in this—this coffin? Forever? What could possibly be so bad that this is the best way out? John knows Dean's hallucinating, but surely a few hallucinations can't make someone that dangerous?
told Cas? You told
At this point, Dean's almost got it back under control, but he doesn't stop Cas from putting them on. "Don't give that bastard any wiggle-room," he says. "Not an inch, Cas, you hear me?"
Dean does a double-take. "What?" Then he actually does look at John's hands, and lets out a deeply long-suffering sigh. "Oh my God, Sam. Dad, you just got fucking kebobbed, okay? You almost died! You do not have to
We look down at the four shocked faces below us—Jack, Sam, Mary, and John, who looks the most shocked of all. Inside, Dean has gone cold with horror. In this moment, he would take the mercy offered to John. He would gladly drown forever if it kept his father from learning this.
We use the hand with the blade in it to slam him forward, bashing his head against the bannister so hard it bends under the force of impact. "Oh,
Jack throws a terrified look behind him. Sam's eyes flick up to the door, and he gives Jack a little nod. Slowly, reluctantly, Jack starts towards the staircase.
And the truth is—no. John didn't. He just never stopped and thought about it long enough to realize. Not once did it cross his mind that the paranoia that was his constant companion bled through to his actions and words. He didn't mean to treat Sam like he was subhuman any more than he meant for the weight of Dean's responsibilities to drive him into an early grave and down into Hell. He just wanted them prepared. He wanted them alive, because Mary was dead, and they were all he had left of her.
Does the guy just not care about getting busy, or what? All these years, and every time Dean thinks he's got Cas all figured out, Cas throws him another curveball.
We aren't going to give him that kind of time.
"On the outs with Cas, huh?"
John's not. He'd take a thousand more wounds from that blade before he lifted another finger against her. "Does that mean we're still fighting?" he jokes.
"John—" Mary cuts herself off. She looks like she desperately wants to say something, to tell John what he should say or do to get this right. John recognizes the expression because it's the exact one Dean himself used to wear when he was trying to head off a shouting match between John and Sam. While John didn't care for Dean's interventions back then, he certainly wouldn't turn down Mary's now. But Mary seems to decide against it, and tells him, "Dean's in the kitchen. He's a little sleep-deprived to be sweeping up broken glass and moving furniture, but he didn't want to just leave us to it. His exact words were, 'There's no hangover a greasy breakfast can't cure.'"
Wow. Mom must be a miracle worker. In twenty-plus years of living with Dad, Dean pretty much never got him to agree to do anything he didn't want to do. It's almost unfair. "Uh, thanks," he says, trying for gratitude instead of resentment. This is still his mother, after all. "But what about
Castiel backs off and leaves him to it. He does not offer John a hand up. "Do you feel threatened?"
Dean opens his mouth to speak and then clamps it shut again, eyes darting back and forth.
"I suppose I betrayed that trust by not agreeing to put him in the Ma'lak box," Cas mutters. "I just..."
Okay.
A frustrated sigh; that's Jack. "Well, unless
"Sergei sabotaged us," Cas says with a scowl. "He just wanted to see if his loophole would work, and it didn't."
Or maybe he is.
"Okay," Dean says finally. "It's like this: after the fire I stopped talking. More'n a year without saying a thing. And the first word out of my mouth wasn't about Dad, or even about Mom."
Sam straightens back up. "Right hand on the wall will get you back to the kitchen, whenever you're ready," he says. "For what it's worth, I am sorry about Adam. Losing a kid is never easy." He says it like he'd know.
. "Yeah, even then, okay? Especially then. That—it's complicated," he says again. "Sometimes it was just because I wasn't—strong or smart or fast enough. Good enough at the job, basically. Wasn't good enough at a lot of things. Someone had to know what they were doing. Keep me in line. What he did—he was my backup. A safety net, for when I screwed up. It was important for me to remember the rules. That's what kept us alive. When I wasn't good enough, he's the one who kept us alive."
Cas watches him work for a moment. "If you're still trying to 'make things up to me,' you should stop. I already told you there's nothing else I want from you."
"Until your birthday, Dean." Dad nods at the clock on the wall, rubbing the back of his neck. "Kind of weird, dying in the summer and coming back up in January. If I hadn't been reading through this old thing..."
Dean trudges down the hallway, phone in hand, fingers tapping anxiously against the back. He's just trying to decide if he should text Cas when he opens the door to his room to find that Cas is already standing there, facing away from him, leaning forward to grip the foot of Dean's bed.
Later that night, after a celebratory dinner and beer, after Sam and Eileen have hit the hay, Cas finds Dean down in the Dean Cave. The La-Z-Boys have long been joined by a giant sofa capable of seating their entire little bunker family
"I'm half-archangel," Jack reminds them. "At least, I used to be. If I used my powers, I could definitely stab Dean."
"You're gonna need a few things," Sam says suddenly. "Extra toothbrush, a few sets of clothes. Uh, we—I kept your wedding ring." The wistful expression he wears now is anything but demonic. "I'm sure you'll want that back."
"You want to do something for me," Dean says, and finally lets her go so he can take her by the shoulders and look her in the eye, "just don't hate him for it."
Dean, unwound from a nice three hours on the road, rolls his head around to look at Cas. "Hmm?"
Dean asks, voice rough, "How?"
For a moment, there's real danger that Dean's gonna have to find the angel cuffs again, that Michael's going to use that helplessness to his advantage and come busting out of his cage. But then Mom takes a deep breath and reaches for Dean, and at the contact the noise in Dean's head drops down to a more manageable level.
"Dean!" Someone grabs his face. "Dean, look at me!"
We spread our arms, to make this body a more inviting target. "He's awake in here, you know. He wants you to do it." It's even true: John Winchester lives to make himself the martyr, and he hates with everything in him to be so powerless. It reminds him of the war, of his wife burning on the ceiling, of his second son walking out of that cabin and into the devil's arms. As deeply as John loathes Castiel, he would much rather die at his hands than to live as an archangel's sword.
love. Gay love, except for how Dean's not gay.
with one of those things?
"These are our
Cas kisses him again. Dean's getting used to the feeling of his stubble, the flat chest under his hands. He breathes in that clean ozone smell and something loosens in his chest. It's just the two of them now. The door is locked. Michael is gone. And with Cas's mouth covering his own, it feels less like the words will get lost on the way.
Sam, predictably, follows Dean into the kitchen. Dean whirls and lets him have it. "You know Jack overheard you talking to Mom, right?" he asks, and revels a little in Sam's wince. "Yeah. He told me all about it this morning. So now the whole bunker knows!"
Yeah, Dean doesn't have a good response to that. He looks away.
Dean whirls. It's Jack, and Mom, and Dad, and Sammy. But they aren't dead—they
Dean gapes. "What?"
John narrows his eyes. Castiel would love that, wouldn't he? Unfortunately for them both, John remains stubbornly alive. But he didn't live through all of that just so his angelic surgeon could let the scalpel slip—so, in the interest of remaining alive enough to be an annoyance to Castiel a little longer, he shuts his mouth. That doesn't mean he's going to let some angel just tell him what to do. John will give it five minutes before he starts swinging. He can fight if he has to, he tells himself, not entirely convincingly. He feels fine.
"Uh." Dean can't bring himself to explain to Jack why a man can't have a pink and rainbow birthday cake. Jack probably wouldn't get it, and besides, that's the kind of shit that will seriously damage a kid. It's also the kind of thing he absolutely never, ever wants to have to say in front of his father—who is also determinedly looking anywhere but the cake. "It's—it's fine," Dean lies finally, "pink's just not my color."
Then his body drops to the floor.
"No, Sam—"
Sam turns around and picks Eileen right up off the floor by her waist, spinning her around. They're both laughing, grinning ear-to-ear. Dean was dreading this so much for so long, but their joy is infectious; he can't stop smiling.
And the last time they had it out, about Jack, back when he was still a bun in Kelly Kline's oven, Cas died,
Dad gives him a fond little smile. "So tell me what's going on. I'm your father, Dean, it's about damn time I shouldered some of the burden for
"Jack's a good kid," Dean promises. "You did a good thing. I won't forget it." And more importantly, as much as Sam and Cas hate the old man, they won't forget it either. Dean can't explain to Dad how terrified they all were of being forced to lose their kid a second time. Dad would never get it, not when Jack isn't theirs by blood. But even though Cas will never forgive Dad for Flagstaff or any of the rest of it, and maybe Sam won't either, this might at least ease some of the tension around the table on Family Game Night, and Dean's grateful for that too. And maybe the gratitude in Dean's voice is enough for Dad to at least understand the weight of it, if not why it matters so much; the hard line of his shoulders relaxes, and he gives Dean a little nod.
Sam breaks out the bitchface. "Seriously?"
The one-two punch of relief and outrage is so powerful Dean nearly runs them off the road. "Bitch!" he shouts, reaching across the seats to try and smack Sam. "What the fuck, Sam?"
Father, help me, I beg You—please, I don't want to die—
"Dean," Dad starts. "I know it was hard, but I had to, we
That, Dean thinks, explains why Cas hasn't taken care of the bruises on Dean's wrists, the ones left from his time in the angel cuffs. He hates looking at them, Dean can tell. He must be saving all his juice for emergencies, like Dean getting chewed on by super-vamps. "You could just leave me dead," he suggests. "I've had a good run."
Finally he takes a deep breath and starts, "Mom—" at the very same time that she turns to him and goes, "I can't do this."
"You don't," Jack snaps. "Don't be stupid!"
Being possessed by Michael was a very, very different thing than being possessed by Yellow Eyes. Yellow Eyes was the more infuriating experience; to have the thing that killed Mary so close and being unable to harm it, while it used John's body to torture his sons, was one of the worst feelings in the world. But Michael's possession was far more violating. He knew things, about John, about Dean—
"You're kiddin'." Dean tries not to let his eyes bug out of his head. He can't seriously be Cas's first experience with a dude. That would make Cas still half a virgin. Quarter of a virgin. Whatever. "Was it really just that April chick?"
"This is why I left them both alive, you know," we say, before Castiel can call out a warning, and everyone else's heads jerk in our direction. Sam and Dean scramble to their feet. "Dean was right. The great John Winchester is just another escape hatch for me now. He told himself he was doing what was best for his family, but as usual, he was only doing what was best for himself. He thinks he knows best, but he doesn't know anything at all. But you, Dean—you knew all along this is what he would do, didn't you? That's why you didn't tell him. Just another failed attempt at manipulating Daddy so you can get him to do what you want, isn't that right? Because he doesn't love you enough to just listen to you. He doesn't love anyone like he loves
, who writes very good spn fic, and who LOOOVES destiel so much, was so moved by this scene she made beautiful artwork for it. she told me i just HAD to put it on my fic or she'd DIE so
"It's
Mary scoffed. "He's an angel, John. I was praying. You send one up, even if they don't answer, an angel will hear it. For us, Cas is only ever a prayer away."
That is so rude. "That is so rude," Dean says. "You don't, you know,
An archangel who leaves a door open is constantly connected to his vessel; it's like an open phone line. At any time, the archangel can reach inside them to use another set of eyes and ears and hands. But doors go both ways. If it's possible to reach in, it's possible to reach out.
But this time, it's John who can't bring himself to speak. Dean recoils, but we know the truth: John Winchester may yet love his son, but he is so ashamed, so disappointed, so
"What?" says Dean again.
It takes a moment for John to process all of this. He has so many questions he barely knows where to begin. No other guests seem forthcoming, so cautiously, he settles on, "Where's your mother?"
But at the time, John had no way of knowing just how close he was to freedom. All he knew was the pain. All he knew was that no matter what, he must keep telling the demon no.
And he's fine to call that conversation dead and buried, but then Mom speaks up again, uncharacteristically tentative. "Dean? Your dad—was he an asshole?"
Cas, Sam, Mom, and Jack cut him perfectly-synchronized glares and say in unison, "
John bristles. "I didn't raise you to take that tone with me." What the hell's gotten into him? Maybe he's got a chip on his shoulder too, about John not telling them about the demon blood. That's all John needs. "You got something to say to me, Dean, then be a man and say it. Do we have a problem?"
Dean spends as much time chained up as he can. He enjoys the movies, keeps an eye on Jack, and resists the urge to quadruple-text Sam and ask how it's going. After all, they might be gone until tomorrow, or even the day after, and Dean could be history by then. Why leave it on a bad note and an unread text?
secondly: the very talented
Dean rounds on Sam immediately. "Okay, there is no way I'm gonna be able to 'stay zen' or whatever if I have to spend the whole car ride home wondering what the hell you did," he says. "Spill, Sam."
That sets Sam off again. "Man," he says, when he's sobered a little. "You know, sometimes I really did think you knew everything. You had so many secrets, right? I never bought the company line like Dean did, but I always thought you had to have
Until Michael takes him.
Sam starts laughing.
No. They can't do this right now—Dean can't afford to, not with Michael to think about. Even if he could lose his cool without Michael breaking out of his head, he doesn't want to do it when this might be the last time he and Dad ever see each other. The whole reason Dean came in here was to give them a better goodbye than they had last time.
Jack's scared eyes have landed on Dean bleeding on the ground. "There's too many—"
Still: "We can't leave Sam and Dad alone," he tells Cas urgently. "I'll be okay in a minute but those two will tear each other to shreds."
Dean decides to eat dinner in his room.
David Yaeger impression."
. this chapter wouldn't have been possible without them!! if you want, you can reblog this chapter on
"Have a beer," Dean says, and abandons his eggs and bacon to go open up the fridge himself.
"Not for long," says Dean. He drags in one last deep lungful, then steels himself; things are about to get ugly. "Time's up, Cas. You gotta lock me in that box."
, he could have stopped the whole thing.
He can't be
Dean cuts his eyes away. "Yeah. It sure is."
"I'm not angry at Dad," he says again, both to Sam and as a reminder to himself. Dad's best wasn't good enough, and that he can be pissed about, but he's not angry at Dad. "And I'm not angry at you, or at Mom. So please, for me—stop being angry at yourselves, huh?"
"You know what the funniest part about all this is?" Dean says. "I was doing okay without them. Mom and Dad. They were gone, and that hurt. I can't tell you how much that hurt. But I made my peace with it. Now, if something happened to Mom—I don't know what I'd do. And now that Dad's here too—" He gives his head a firm little shake. "I'm fucked. Cas, if you think you and Sam hated Plan B, you don't know my old man. He'll never let me go through with it. If I can't keep Michael in, if he busts out of my head, you and Sam are gonna have to go behind his back."
that's all it takes to get rid of him. It sure as hell beats the Pacific. Come on, Sam, how many times have we died? I'm more than okay with taking one for the team."
He's really gonna miss Cas when he's stuck at the bottom of the ocean.
"Good job," Dean says, easy, clapping Jack on the shoulder, and is rewarded with Jack's face breaking into a grin. "Get yourself a machete, kid. You can be my scouting partner."
Sam pulls his little bitchface. "Even with Dad here? I mean, it's Dad."
"Dean!" Dad says again, but too late—another of them bum-rushes Dean and sends him flying into a nearby tree. Dean hits the ground hard and fights with everything he has to stay conscious.
Not a chance. Dean's shaking is getting worse. His whole body is trembling, but most of all his arms. He wraps both hands tight around the hilt of the blade, but it's all he can do to hold on to it. But he's not scared. Honestly, the idea of all this finally being over has him more relieved than anything. So why—?
Thankfully, that's when they reach the kitchen. Dean smells bacon, because there are still a few good things left in this world. Mom and Jack are already awake—Jack at the table eating, and Mom in front of the stove. "Mom, you didn't," Dean says, thrilled. "Who taught you to fry bacon?"
"It won't come to that," Cas says firmly.
"Hey," Dean says, surprised, heart leaping pleasantly at the sight—but, wait, was it his imagination, or did Cas flinch when the door opened? Dean closes it behind him, and locks it for good measure. "I wasn't sure you'd be here, I kinda thought..."
His phone buzzes. It's Sam.
Dean trades a look with Sam, gratified to see that Sam looks just as spooked as Dean feels. Slowly, they get to their feet, dislodging fallen books and shelf ornaments. Some of them got busted; there's a cut on Dean's cheek and broken glass shards in his hair. He swallows, trying to ignore Michael pounding in his head. He keeps his cool. "Yes sir," he says. "It's us. Really us. Is that—" His voice fails him, momentarily. He's still a little winded from the fight. "Is that really you?"
Dean's done a lot of kissing in this car. After awhile, they all sort of blend together. But there's no forgetting this one.
There's a moment of stunned silence. Sam's eyes are huge and round. He whispers, "What did you just say?"
Cas catches him hard by the upper arm. There's something about his hand near Dean's left shoulder that makes Dean feel absolutely clinically insane. Dean's still not used to how blue his eyes are. Some things are too easy to forget.
