“Sh,” Steve told him, but Tony could see him fighting a grin. “Thanks Thor.”
“That’s okay.” Bucky waved his words away. “Steve and I are amazing at relationships. We’ll keep you in line.”
Pepper and Laura excused themselves too. “Someone needs to keep the Avengers costs running,” Pepper said.
“This is where the inmates get to choose their future,” Crowley said. “Each route leads to a different level of Hell.” He pointed at the middle one, directly opposite from where they were standing. “That’s the direct route to the Cage, but we’re not going to take that one.”
“So, how do we summon this demon?” Wilson asked. “I’m assuming there’s blood involved.”
“Who of ours have we lost?” Natasha asked, ever practical, put her hand on Thor’s shoulder. He shuddered at her touch.
Tony sighed, sobering again. “I
“Oh hell no!” Wilson said. “If that thing has the ability to affect us then we need to make it go bye-bye right now.”
“I can hate myself for both of us, Tony,” Steve whispered. “Please, don’t give up on me.”
Tension that hadn’t been visible seeped out of Loki’s shoulders. “I am glad.” He appeared briefly ashamed of his display of emotion.
Tony cracked an eye open. “You’d totally buy me if you could afford me.”
“I know that, Buck.” Steve sighed. “I’d like to know that nothing I say to you in the future is going to trigger an attack like the one I saw days ago.” He was playing a little dirty, but Bucky was too important.
” he admitted. “
And through the tree.
“No, you.” Rhodey jumped to his feet, raising his fists. “Wanna take this outside?” Tony took a lurching stride towards him.
“The thing!” Rhodey pointed between Tony and Bruce. “That they talked about and never told us about.”
“I didn't do it for you.” Tony needed him to remember that.
“You know what?” Tony asked, pulling out a bottle of Bruichladdich and pouring two tumblers full. This was a goddam
“What kids?” Bucky asked, all skeptical eyebrow.
“And me,” Thor added, sighing heavily. “There is much that is wrong with the tales on your internets, but the prophecy is true.”
Tony glared at him. “We aren’t flirting,” he insisted. “We’re just friendly.”
happened?
of the moments, Cap,” Clint replied. “What do you need?”
“One is the Tesseract,” Tony said, “Safely locked away in Odin’s vault.”
“Bed.” The word brooked no argument.
Steve smiled into the kiss. Tony did too. It took his breath away that this was his life now. That he was loved, not just by Steve and Bucky, but by his team.
Bucky nodded. “He knows. Just thought you should know too.” He sat down in one of the armchairs and put his head in his hands.
Steve ran a hand over his hair. “What a fucking mess,” he muttered.
“Just stop,” Steve begged. “I appreciate you all trying to make me feel better. I really do. But until I talk to Tony and Bucky I won’t know the truth.” He wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to hear the truth.
“Sure, thing, boss,” F.R.I.D.AY. chirped.
“She’s scary,” Tony stage-whispered at Rhodey.
“Shut up!” Tony yelled.
Steve looked at them, his beautiful boys and shivered. “I wish you could see how gorgeous the two of you look right now,” he said.
“It was angina, Ms. Potts. Tony is perfectly fine.” Vision tried to pour  oil on troubled waters.
Ahhh.....this fic is taking over my life! thank you so much for all of your lovely words of encouragement. Onto a little more action now.
“That you wouldn’t love him,” Bruce said when Tony stayed silent.
“While that’s all very noble, I doubt the rest of your friends would agree.” Loki met Natasha’s impassive gaze, slid his eyes over to Clint. “I’m sure there will be little mourning once I’m in the Collector’s hands.”
“I like them,” Dean confessed to Clint.
“I think your husband would possibly dismember me if I even tried,” Tony said, hugging her just as tightly.
“Ross gave the order to shoot to kill in Leipzig.” Tony said against his chest. “I asked him for three days. He gave me thirty-six hours.”
“You’re staring at me,” Tony accused through a mouth full of toothpaste.
“Why?” Dean met his gaze without hesitation. “I’ve been here, nothing’s gonna get us here, trust me, the worst is still to come.”
“I’m not Capt…” his voice trailed off as Rhodes walked away.
“Don’t,” Steve begged. “I feel like I’m cracking apart inside. If you’re kind to me right now, I’m going to shatter into about a million pieces and I don’t think I’ll be able to put myself back together.”
“Wha’?” Tony asked, spinning around trying to see what Bucky was looking at. “Ish shumthin’ on my ash?” He wobbled a little and then righted himself. Alcohol was awesome for his coordination.
Bruce shook his head. “Neither is Steve.”
Steve tried to wrap his head around this. It wasn’t what he’d been expecting and, meeting Natasha’s gaze, neither had she.
“Maybe he had his reasons.” Sam was playing devil’s advocate. Steve wasn’t quite ready to listen to reason.
Tony shook his head. “Come on, let’s be real, people, Thor is
Wilson unhooked his pack and trotted up to them. “What’s up, man?”
Tony glared at him and Steve tried not to notice how adorable the embarrassed flush on his cheeks was. “Semantics,” he said, swallowing hard.
Tony felt his eyes burning again. “You have nothing to be sorry for, Buck. Nothing.” He closed his eyes, let the weak afternoon light warm his skin.
For just one moment he held his breath as Steve picked up one of the pens before turning to Tony. “I'm not saying it's impossible, but there would have to be safeguards.”
Thor’s frown deepened. “It makes no sense,” he insisted. “The man would then be named Clever Dick.” He shook his head. “How can the male appendage have a brain?”
“Avenging?” Rhodey asked.
Coulson shook his head, waving a hand at them. “The Avengers, everyone, Earth’s Mightiest Heroes.” His tone was droll, but he had a little tilt to the corner of his mouth that was practically a guffaw. “I might be able to help there.”
“It’s not like that,” Ross said to Xavier. “I’m not Hitler. I’m not a monster.” He seemed sincere. Tony wasn’t sure he should give him the benefit of the doubt.
“I’ll call you something alright,” he muttered.
pushed back. And that he had given up like this with Steve of all people….
of shoes.”
too much of that,” Rhodey told him, shaking Bruce’s hand. “Glad you could make it, Dr. B.”
Tony felt suddenly very sorry for Steve, and he put his hand over the hand Bucky had pressed to his chest. “He doesn’t understand.” Bucky turned to look at Tony. “He’s been free all his life, Bucky. He doesn’t understand.” Even after all of the things they’d seen, the things he’d done, Steve was still to all intents and purposes, innocent.
“What the hell am I supposed to do then?” Tony asked, abruptly furious.
Steve held up his hands. “No!” He took a deep breath. “Everything is okay; I just needed to get away from the crazy people for a bit.”
Loki put a hand over his eyes. “If it continues at this pace then Asgard will be completely swallowed by the end of tomorrow.”
“I didn’t intend to hurt you at all.” Ross backed up as Xavier rolled forward. “Stay back.” His eyes were hunted, suddenly nothing of the stoic military man in his gaze.
“You and Tony certainly could learn to communicate better,” Vision agreed.
“What?” Steve and Bucky both raced down to the workshop, the others on their heels
Bucky's quiet censure was like a sword to his heart. “I messed up, Buck.” Steve dropped his forehead so that it rested against Bucky's back. “When I called him, I wanted to make arrangements to visit, catch up on things.”
Tony watched Bucky flinch and then his jaw tightened. “Nobody is ever going to get the chance again,” he warned. “I’ll kill everything and everyone before that happens.”
Bucky took the seat next to Tony that Thor had left. “What does that mean for us?” he asked. “Earth?”
Vision nodded. “I did, although I am not entirely sure that they heard me.”
“That’s just what I was saying,” Steve said, hands on his hips. “What do you have to say for yourself, Tony?”
“I take it back,” Clint stage-whispered to Steve. “
?” Everything he knew about Tony Stark was clouded by the knowledge that according to Tony, Howard Stark had always seemed to think that Steve was more important than his own son.
Tony stared at Fury. “I think we broke him,” he whispered to Steve.
Tony decided that subtlety have never been his strong suit anyway. “I want you to give Phil Coulson back.”
“I don’t think he meant it,” Tony offered.
“It is a fascinating world,” Tony admitted. “So, you coming home with me then?”
“Is it ever not?” Bruce replied drily.
“I’m going to get the boss to a hospital, ASAP,” F.RI.D.A.Y. said. “I’ll let you know where he is.”
“Do what?” Steve’s question had Tony shooting to his feet.
This time there was a thin smile. “No, I don't. Sometimes…”
Wilson slouched against the elevator wall, staring at them. “You know Steve isn’t petty,” he growled, hands stuffed into the pockets of his jacket.
She lunged for him, arms a vise around his waist as she clung to him. “Asshole,” she told him.
Steve felt nauseous. Everything he’d done, every decision he’d made, had led to this. To his friend being so afraid to see him again that his heart literally broke.
Steve lifted his face from Bucky's neck and stared at Tony. “Thank you,” he said.
Tony put a hand behind Steve’s head and brought his own face up. “Lies,” he whispered before kissing the fuck out of him.
“You know I'm always going to be there with you,” Steve said. He wanted to add “to the end of the line” but reckoned that would have to wait.
So, apologies for the wait. There are some talky bits here & coming in the next chapter. Even with the end of the universe hanging over them, these folks have to work their shit out.
“Says the ass who whines about Loki’s mind-control every ten minutes,” Bucky shot back.
“And you did,” Wanda said.
“Fair warning, my lady,” Thor said, launching onto the giant trampoline. “The leprechauns will not take kindly to your doubt.” Steve saw the slow curl of his smile and the quick wink to Rhodes.
“No.” Steve didn’t hesitate. “Not a good idea.”
“What is going on out here?” Pepper stood at the entrance to the living room with her hands on her hips. “Why are you here on a school night, Peter?”
Dean shook his head. “You’d better have treated her nice,” he growled at Coulson.
“Why?” It was Rhodes who asked. “Why were you afraid to tell him? Did your old war buddy mean more to you than your new team-mate?” His lip curled and Natasha was the one who touched his arm this time.
“Sure, it's all about the team,” Rhodey drawled in their ears. “You keep trying to tell yourself that Cap.”
“Sorry, Nat. Just thinking.”
“I killed a lot of people,” Bucky said, eyes haunted.
“Tony is a high maintenance guy,” Rhodey agreed. “He’s not a simple man.”
“Behave,” she told him before leaving. They all watched her leave with varying degrees of appreciation.
“Hey!” Tony objected. “I’m the Flirt Meister!”
to stop the change.”
Tony smothered a snort.
“You are
'It' … being the Steve/Bucky situation.
“I'm okay, Buck. Just really worried about Tony.”  It felt fake as he said it, because he'd ignored his friend for months, and only now seemed bothered because Bucky was involved.
New York sounded really appealing right now. “Catch you later, fellas.”
Bucky’s smile was wicked. “On your stomach,” he said.
“The boy scout has been pining for months, Stark,” Bucky told him.
Tony made sure he smiled at her with
Tony nodded. “I will. I’m like David Copperfield. I can get out of anything.” He tried his best smile.
Tony wasn’t going to stand for it. “Stop right there,” he gritted, holding out a hand. “What we do on our down time has nothing to do with you.”
Rhodey spoke up. “I want to take these things off,” he said to Tony, motioning towards his braces. “I got a feeling I won’t be needing them anymore.”
Bucky ignored the signal, sucked harder and Tony whined as he came.
“Lube.” Bucky wasn’t asking. Tony flailed a hand towards the bedside table.
“I didn’t do it for you, Captain.” T’Challa took a breath. “Tony Stark is a good man. He acted in good faith. Impulsive, impetuous, a little thoughtless, yes, but incredibly protective of those he loves. Did you ever ask him why he created Ultron?”  Steve shook his head, Natasha and Clint silent at his side. “I suggest you ask your magical friend why he did the things he did. She has some atoning to do of her own.”
“I’m not in the habit of inviting hunters and heroes into my domain,” Crowley said. “What guarantee do I have that you lot don't fuck everything up?”
“You have work to do.” Strange was standing beneath a ray of pale green light. Tony walked over to join him, looking up to try and figure out the source.
Tony watched Thor watch Loki. There was something almost helpless in Thor’s expression. It made Tony want to do whatever he could to help his friend.
“Aha!” Tony crowed. “I fucking knew it!” He punched the air with a fist. “You cagey bastard! You totally used Agent to make us work together.”
Skurge and Strange followed Jörmungandr without another word. Entirely too trusting, Tony thought. His mind flashed on those who were waiting back home. Steve and Bucky were probably going a little stir-crazy. He hoped he got the chance to see them again.
“You’re an idiot.” Tony could hear the smile in her voice though. “Apparently it’s something called Ragnarök.”
Tony nudged him back. “Damn straight, Butterbean. It’s about time people remembered that.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. you fucking useless piece of craptastic technology!” Tony yelled.
“Easy-peasy, lemon-squeezy,” Crowley said. “I’d say that it’s been nice knowing you, gentlemen, but that wouldn’t be true.”
Thor wandered into the kitchen, shoulders slumped. “I find I have need of more convivial company,” he said as he slid into a chair opposite Steve.
He put up a hand. “Ahem.”
did.” Bruce waited for Tony to look at him. “I was just as desperate as you were to not be needed anymore.
“We need someone to guide us there.” Sam didn’t look at Dean, and hoo-boy, Tony thought, there was a story in the tightening of Dean’s jaw.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Were you wanting me to braid your hair and paint your toenails and sit and talk about whether Steve
Tony wanted to scream. “It was all on the tablet,” he protested. “How am I supposed to remember something that complicated?”
“No, Your Majesty. My friends are all here.” Steve looked at them, wondering what else was going to happen today.
“You must have been pretty tired,” Steve said, keeping his voice low. “You were out like a candle.”
“I might be rough,” Bucky admitted. “It’s been a while.”
“Just keep it together, buddy,” Tony said, “Cap and his buddies have stopped whatever Pierce was planning to do. I’ve got JARVIS scanning all frequencies to find our errant Avengers.”
“Buck?” Steve Rogers peered around Barnes’ remarkably broad shoulders to stare at Tony. “Stark?”
Natasha met his gaze. “He’s alive.” It wasn’t an answer. Or perhaps it was the only answer she would give him.
“My Jane is a woman of superior strength,” Thor declared, eyes bright with the light of a zealot. “She is most capable of accepting my hammer!”
Cooper tilted his head to the side as he studied Clint. “He can’t leave?” He wasn’t going to be distracted.
“He is not made of flesh,” Wanda said. “It will not use him.”
Thor’s cape swirled around him as he stalked around the room. “If any of the stones had gone missing Asgard would have been told,” he insisted.
“Tony?” Steve’s voice filled the workshop.
“You’re absolutely right, Viz.” Tony smiled, soft and sweet and Steve wanted to kiss it from his face. “We’re all on the same side.”
“I thought you’d died,” Steve said with a tiny smirk. “So, I was trying mouth to mouth resuscitation.”
“Not that I know,” Steve answered, hovering over them, looking helpless.
Thor brightened slightly. “You are able to reverse the evil deed?”
“Ours.” Steve moved a little closer, wrapping his hand around Tony’s.
Tony nodded. “It’s why he came back. There was no way he was letting Ross have control of the Avengers. He knew what he was capable of.”
“I like the view,” Steve shrugged, winking at Tony. The tinge of pink on Tony’s cheeks made him even lovelier to Steve. He deserved to be adored properly, and Steve had spent the past few years trying to make up for lost time with Tony. It made him desperate sometimes, the knowledge that he’d changed the timeline so much for this one thing, this one man.
“Fuck,” Tony grumbled. “You are so lucky I love you. You are the mozzarella of cheeses, Steven.” His mouth was curved beneath Steve’s kiss though. They were both smiling too hard to make the kiss count.
Bucky drew back slowly. “Too soon?” he asked, eyes intent on Tony’s face. “I'm not sorry though.”
Steve pulled her into his arms, ignoring the stiffening of her body. He was slowly getting her used to being hugged. “And I’m thankful for you every day.”
betrayed him, Steve.” Steve lifted his head to look at Sam who was watching from the doorway. “It wasn’t a one-man army out there on the runway.”
“I was hoping that you'd come to regret that hasty decision.” Nope. Tony could still see naked Bruce in his mind's eye. His mind's eye was clearly a cesspool.
Steve let the rest of his team pile out, instructed them to suit up quickly and meet back here in ten. “I assumed that’s why you called us in, sir,” Steve replied, clasping his hands behind his back. Thor, Rhodey and Vision remained with him, already prepared.
Glad y'all are enjoying my crazy.Thanks for sticking with me.
The blinding smile he got in return took him aback. “You are the bad cop, yes?” Pietro patted his arm. “So Tony, he’s the good cop?”
“Tony used to buy me shoes,” Pepper said. “Louboutin, Jimmy Choo, Manolo Blahnik. I have a
“It is good to be seen, Dr. Banner,” Vision replied.
Steve shook his head. “I’m not going to hit Tony.”
human.” There was a scattering of laughter that was a little encouraging.
“Frisky?” Tony boggled at him. “You may be over ninety years old, Barnes, but that doesn’t excuse the use of language that died out with the dinosaurs.”
“You wanna fuck me?” Bucky raised an eyebrow. Tony knew the effort the offer cost him.
Rhodey stared between them. “I don’t understand, you said you’re not tired.”
“Just stifling,” Steve muttered, all desire gone now.
Steve stared at him. “He dreamed of love?”
Steve watched as Bruce skimmed through the CAT scans Tony had taken. “What’s the prognosis, Doc?” Bucky asked. He was perched on one of the workbenches, seemingly nonchalant, but Steve could see the fine tension thrumming through him.
think?” Fury asked. “Anyone interested in that?”
“Which is, of course, exactly why I
Steve shuddered. “Stop that.” He needed to work on the command in his voice, he thought, body going tight and hot.
“Who are you?” Tony struggled to his feet, taking note of the endless night around him. Stars upon stars stretched until all he could see was a blanket of diamond light. He felt a momentary dizziness as he stood among the galaxies.
“This is a goddamned conspiracy,” Tony grumbled, secretly thrilled at the attention. But appearances must.
And bumped Tony’s fist with a roll of his eyes.
Bruce adjusted his glasses. “Nat called. Said you were in town. I thought I’d give you a couple of days to settle in before dropping by to say hi.”
~o0o~
They gasped into each other’s mouths, open, desperate, adoring.
Sam, Clint and Rhodey had vanished at some point and Wanda was dozing, curled up on the sofa, with her head in Natasha’s lap.
“Currently there is no plan,” Natasha said.
Dean’s eyes literally danced with glee. Tony
“May I offer
Tony snorted. “I’m a catch.”
“Yeah? Well, it's time for me to tap out. Maybe I should take a page out of Barton's book and build Pepper a farm, hope nobody blows it up.” Nevermind that Pepper and he were on a very long break. Indefinitely. A farm sounded like fun. Cows and sheep and chicken. He’d hire people to clean up the shit. Tony knew he was babbling, even in his own head. It happened a lot around Steve.
Bruce drew blood from Tony and Rhodey, rolling his eyes at their whining. “It’s a fucking needle, you big babies. You’ve faced aliens and super-powered robots and you’re bleating about a needle!”
“I’ll take command, if you want.” Clint stepped forward. “I’m in the mood for a field trip.” He smiled at Steve. “You stay with the dumbass over there, make sure he didn’t hit his head and become a human being along the way.” His eyes were harder on Tony. “Don’t be a dick. We’re worried.”
“Tough?” Steve asked, hurrying to catch up to him, keeping one wary eye out for the invisible monster dog at Crowley’s side.
Bucky eventually lifted his face. “That kiss earlier,” he said. “Before, in Malibu.”
“Shit. Sorry, you’re right.” He shook his head. “I only developed Ten in…” He stopped when he realized he was being followed. He turned to look at Steve and Bucky. “What do you two want?” He didn’t know what was going on with them, but he needed to get some perspective.
Steve was horrified. “God no!” he exclaimed. “I want it; want you, like breathing, Tony. Make no mistake about it.” The tension he hadn’t realized had set in across Tony’s shoulders vanished.
Tony was not going to…. “Oh my heavenly god, don’t you fucking stop. I swear I will kill you and dance on your gra…” The sound he made was something between a whimper and a shout.
Thor merely stared at her. “
Pepper came up behind him, pointedly ignoring Rhodey. “What is that?” she asked, wrinkling her nose. “It smells like  something died and decomposed in here.”
“No, really, go ahead with the coffee theft.” Tony grumbled, turning back to the next cup.
Tony reached for his phone and took a stealthy photo. This was a moment he wanted to remember and cherish. They weren’t likely to have many of these in the near future so he wanted proof that this moment of peace had happened. Also, he sort of wanted to post it on his public Facebook page to brag to the world at just
She moved her hand from his arm. “For being an asshole,” she replied. “You’re not going to find out anything if you don’t get down there, Steve.” She sounded so kind. As though she knew he was freaking out.
“He’s the Winter Soldier,” Rhodey said with something like awe in his voice. “He and Steve are the kings of the football field.”
There was no way on god’s earth that Steve was letting any one of his team members talk to Thor or Loki about their…special relationship. He finally understood the term ‘brain bleach’.
Steve turned his gaze back to Bucky. The screams had stopped. Now he was rocking on the counter, staring out at nothing. Steve could see that
Steve grinned at him. “You’re just jealous because he likes me more than you.”
Tony opened his mouth but nothing came out. Clint gave a wheezing laugh. “No words, Stark? That’s a first.” Tony flipped him off but it was half-hearted.
Tony stared at this strange, mystical girl who seemed to see through him like glass. “I’m afraid,” he admitted.
Bucky staring back at him out of those dark blue eyes.
, didn’t she?” he demanded. “You weren’t all ‘Mr. Only to Those Looking’!” He pointed an accusing finger at Bruce.
“I think you’re right,” Bruce said, taking his glasses off. He looked over to Wanda and Natasha. “We can’t do anything more anyway, until we’ve got an idea of where the Collector is.”
“That is acceptable,” Vision murmured, a clear dismissal.
“See, I didn’t need you to spell that out,” Sam whined. “I know too much already.”
“My….” Steve stopped. “Bu….?”
“Prepared how?” Steve asked.
“The Secretary of State,” Tony answered. “He called for a meeting about something he has in the pipeline. I’m going to try to head him off at the pass.”
~~~O~~~~
“That makes no sense,” Natasha observed, but Steve could see the little curve of her lips that was practically a Romanoff smile.
“I won’t cause trouble,” she promised. “I wouldn’t want to make things harder for you.”
Steve tumbled headlong into the forever kind of love that he’d never thought he’d ever get. He just hoped that he’d get the chance to prove it to Tony.
“Of course.” Bucky lifted his head then, met Tony’s eyes. “I don’t know exactly who I am anymore, but that’s the one thing I’m sure of.”
“I didn’t think so,” Barnes said. “I decided that calling me Buck would be okay.”
” Tony spun to follow the sound of Jörmungandr’s voice. Loki’s son stood in the center of the cavernous space.
He looked up and met Rhodey's eyes. “Poor bastard,” Rhodey mouthed at him.
“Tony’s talking again,” Clint said, carefully avoiding Steve’s eyes. “Maybe we should finally give him the benefit of the doubt and listen.”
Tony nodded. “Whoever, wherever Set is, he’s planning a takeover.”
Tony gaped. “I thought you were Fury’s right…” he held up his hand to his face. “Left eye.”
“Point,” Natasha admitted.
He flinched. “Sorry,” he muttered. “We need to talk,” he blurted.
There was a brief silence, then…. “So which circle of Hell did I choose?” Bucky asked.
Loki shrugged, propping his feet up on the table and throwing back a large gulp of beer. “I wanted your attention.”
Steve nodded slowly. “That’s a great idea, Tony.” He smiled at him. “Sometimes I think we forget how smart you are.”
“Tony’s a genius alright.” Giving Bucky that arm was beyond anything Steve could have offered.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. mentioned that your heart rate was elevated and that Ms. Potts was crying,” Steve said.
“The kids?” Tony asked.
Tony looked between her and Rhodey. He nodded eventually. “Just a little and no blood.”
“More, I cannot tell you.” T’Challa smiled to remove the sting. “But if I can, I will tell you on my return.”
idea of Hell,” Tony said, staring at the sight in front of him. It looked like a giant stripper joint, full of gorgeous women giving men lap dances and swinging on poles in varying degrees of nakedness.
She nodded, “How else?” and Bucky nodded his agreement too.
kissed me.” Bucky, unlike everyone else in the entire world ever, had no apparent filter.
Wanda sat regally on the sofa in the corner, motionless. Tony suspected that she was sleeping with her eyes open, which wasn’t creepy
“I designed your systems, J, of course they’re working correctly.” Tony waved a hand. “What’s the problem?”
Tony counted to ten silently. “Actually, I’m going to see Nick Fury,” he said.
“Stark Air would like to welcome you to your non-stop flight to New York. As this is an economy flight, I’m afraid there will be no refreshments served.” Tony could actually feel Steve’s eyes rolling.
“It is not your choice to make,” Loki said. His mouth twisted. “I would think that you would be glad to be rid of me.”
“How much further?” Bucky’s question was barely an exhalation, but Tony heard it like a shout. His boys were taking strain and it was his job to get them out of here.
Running a hand through his hair, Sam cleared his throat. “So, the usual way to deal with a demon is trap it in a salt circle and exorcise it,” he began.
“Really?” Tony asked. “If I’d lost one of the most powerful objects in the universe, I wouldn’t be telling anyone about it.”
“You listen to me, James Buchanan Barnes.” He rested his forehead against Bucky’s. “You gave me purpose again. I was drifting around like a ship without a rudder and you came into my life and grounded me.”
“Seems like he can be a bit of a pain in the ass,” Sam said. He was the least acquainted with the peculiar wonder that was Tony Stark.
“We try because no matter what else, we haven't lost hope yet.” Natasha stared out at the blue skies, lost for a moment in memories she still refused to share.
Colonel Lee shook his head. “I'm afraid that once the door is closed, there is no way to get into the...”
Steve was suddenly right there, in his bubble, all earnest eyes and stupid face. “I should have said something before. I don’t expect you to believe me now.”
The expression on Bucky’s face was unreadable. Or maybe it was just that Tony was so very, very drunk. He ducked his head under the water, closing his eyes and feeling abruptly one thousand percent sober.
“If I’d had more notice…” she snorted. “But the suites are clean at least so there’s that.”
Tony pursed his lips. “I suppose I can carry you both,” he mused.
“I’d have come right away.” Steve was entirely certain. “Like I did. When I heard your voice…” The words stuck in his throat. “Buck, you have no idea how long I’ve been searching for you.”
“Planning on hiding out here forever?” The question had Tony burning his finger with the welding iron as he startled. The air turned a pretty shade of blue as he swore at the pain.
“I missed you too, Tony. How about we make a deal?” Tony raised an eyebrow. It was a very deliberately ‘Tony’ thing to do and his reward was when Steve’s smile widened. “No more lies. You piss me off, I call you on it. I piss you off….”
“Bells,” Tony announced. “I’m adding bells to that fucking arm.”
“It's Hawkeye, you dick!” Clint shouted in outrage.
“Uh…” And for the life of him, Tony couldn’t remember why he’d been pissed off.
Eventually Thor and Loki had stumbled into the living area, looking exceptionally mussed. Thor had apologized profusely to Vision for traumatizing him. Loki had merely smirked like a snake-oil salesman and ostentatiously rearranged his clothing.
“I’d like to ask a few questions, if I may?” Steve waited for Bruce’s nod. “Why did you leave?”
Rhodey grinned. “You’re stuck with us, pal.”
“Stark.” Barnes was suddenly in front of him. “Breathe, Stark. Eyes on me.” Tony lifted his gaze to stare into Barnes’ eyes. “Focus.” Barnes picked up Tony’s hand, placed it on his chest so that Tony could feel the steady lub-dup of his heart. “Breathe with me.”
of coffee,” Tony agreed. “F.R.I.D.A.Y?”
“And the others?” Tony asked Strange.
“Show some respect, dipshit.” Rhodey’s voice was anything but amused. “That’s an Avenger you’re talking about.”
“Never mind,” Tony waved a hand. “What do you know about these Watchers?”
“That’s a very good question,” Natasha said. “The simplest answer is usually the truth.”
“Gee, I don’t understand why the hell you don’t like him,” Clint said. Tony barely stopped before he stuck his tongue out at him.
Dean moved so that Sam’s head fell on his shoulder. “He’s not coming anywhere near you, Sammy. No fucking way.” Tony wondered if they were even aware they weren’t alone.
“Steve.” Tony’s eyes had gone soft and he reached out towards him. “Nobody
“I don’t even want to know how you knew we were going to be here,” Clint said, shaking his head. “You bring the jet?”
Bruce sighed. “The Other Guy is a menace and a danger to society.” He shook his head. “It's better this way.”
Maybe honesty would get him off Tony’s case. “I thought that Pepper deserved someone who loved her completely. That person wasn’t me.” He said it baldly, a half-truth that was designed to make Steve back away.
Steve made a noise that went straight to Tony’s cock. Bucky smiled at Tony over Steve’s shoulder. “I
on the guy.
Pepper went pale. “What?”
“And this is different from my normal, how?” he asked.
“I’m fine,” Tony said.
“I'm not sure I understand that reference, sir.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. was still a work in progress. He still had to get her to sass him the way J.A.R.V.I.S had. Or perhaps not. A sassy AI was not always a good thing. Note to self, Tony thought - no sass added to F.R.I.D.A.Y.
“Not much,” Coulson shrugged. “Director Fury spoke about them as benevolent and unwilling to intervene. Apparently we fuck things up in the future.”
“What?” Pepper’s voice was dangerously soft.
Tony pulled off with a lewd pop. “I don’t?” His throat sounded raw and fucked out. His eyes were slumberous and his mouth cherry-red. He was ridiculously beautiful. Steve couldn’t believe that he was here, with him.
Tony met Loki’s glare head-on. “I don’t insult my friends.” He smiled at Thor. “He knows I’m teasing.”
Since Clint had vanished to the undisclosed location of his real life.
Sam jabbed a thumb at a cackling Tony. “
“I have a suit,” Tony pointed out.
“He’s harmless,” Crowley assured them with another little pat. “He only bites if you try to hurt me.” The low growl that echoed through the passage gave Tony the heebie-jeebies.
Thor nodded. “The Collector told Heimdall that if we could save Midgard, then the foul magic would be turned against its maker.”
Sam slanted a glance over to Dean and for a moment it felt as though Tony was intruding on something. “I mostly only use it for good,” Sam assured him.
“Okay.” Steve was numb. “Thank you for giving us sanctuary, your Majesty. You have been a true friend when we had none.”
“Maybe after this they can all come home,” Bruce whispered to Tony.
“This is my friend, Bucky Barnes,” Steve said.
“Steve…” Bruce’s face softened.
“Running from your problems isn’t a solution,” Steve said.
“I’m betting Loki was sent to collect the Tesseract for this Thanos guy,” Tony said instead to Thor.
I hope you enjoy.
A blithe wave was his answer. “I had an idea,” Strange said.
“What? No!” Tony stared at him. Everyone stared at him. “That’s
“General Ross is no longer a general,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. advised. Tony wondered how to duct tape an AI’s mouth closed.
Wanda crept in, a fragile figure who sometimes seemed transparent with grief. “I wished to speak with you, Captain.” Her soft accent had her words sounding like the rasp of flesh on velvet. She seldom used his name, keeping him at a distance that sometimes hurt.
Tony decided to man up. “Who’s Phil?” he asked Steve. “His name is Agent.” He grinned at Coulson, who was glaring daggers at the laughing guy with the bow and arrows.
“I’m just calling to give you the sit-rep, you assholes.” Steve sounded as though he was about to lose his temper. “Stay the fuck at home!”
A surge of hope hit Steve like a tidal wave.
“Oh God,” Steve breathed.
Tony Stark, Colonel.”
“Thanks, man.” Tony strode next to Steve. “I appreciate the vote of confidence.”
Steve nodded. “The team is in the dining room. We need to figure out how to find Thanos.”
“But Pep, I make you fucking miserable.” Tony met her gaze. Her eyes were already glassy with tears.
“Well, fuck me sideways and call me Rogered,” he breathed. “Tonight will be a glorious night.”
Tony nodded. “They fucked that poor guy over, Bruce. Fucked him over and then fucked him under. I gave him a new arm.” He met Bruce's gaze, let him see how important this was. “I need you to help me give him a new life.”
Steve kissed like a dream, Tony thought. He opened his eyes and looked into Steve’s. “What was that for?” he croaked.
“You kissed Steve?” Pepper glared at him. “What is
Bucky came to sit next to Steve. “Tony’s going to keep Rhodes company,” he said.
“Okay.” Bucky’s eyes drifted to Steve. “He’s a lot bossier than he appears.”
They kissed slowly, lazily, learning each other’s mouths. Tony hadn’t had much of a chance to kiss Bucky last night. Steve had been too busy with that.
Tony smacked at Pepper’s hand as he got out of the car. “I can walk, Pep! It was my heart, not my legs.”
“You shouldn’t be alone right now,” Steve told him.
“No chick flick moments please,” Rhodes said. “He’s my brother from another mother, but I don’t need to hear about how pretty he is to you.”
Tony nodded, not taking his eyes off Ross. “I do. And I’m not going to say anymore.” He shook his head as Richards opened his mouth. “I
Clint stared at her. Then looked at Steve. Steve shrugged. “Oka-aa-ay then.” Clint turned back to the controls. “I guess we're heading
“Apparently the farm was compromised so Laura took the kids to the safest place she could think of.” Clint’s mouth twisted.
not even that bad.” Tony inhaled the coffee in almost one swallow. He still needed to figure out a way to do this intravenously.
“It’s removing my brain, Loki of Asgard.” Vision remained calm. “”It will be excruciating.”
He pulled away slowly, reluctant to stop. Bucky sat on a chair watching them with a small smile on his face. “Now that’s a pretty thing to see,” he noted.
So, until the Steve/Bucky situation arrived, he was going to make like Scarlet O'Hara and think about it tomorrow.
“Really, Tony?” Steve glared at him. “Terminator?”
He didn't...couldn't deny it. “Yes.” He stared down at his hands. “Fury said that the Stark stealth tech...”
Tony knew Bucky was joking, but there was something almost breathtaking about the new arm. Tony had spent months on it, lovingly putting together a prosthetic arm that looked, felt and behaved just like a real one. The gratitude sex after he’d given it to Bucky had been pretty spectacular.
“I’m a fucking genius, genius.” Rhodey sounded awfully proud of himself. “Besides, I watched you looking at them like they were cream and you were an awfully big cat.”
Somehow he knew that it wasn’t an itch he should scratch.
Steve sat in one of the armchairs facing the sofa. Loki listed to one side, leaning against Thor as though he was a boneless thing. “How can I help you, Thor?”
“It is a constant amazement to me that grown men can behave like this,” Pepper noted, sitting beside Bruce. He offered her some of his popcorn.
“I’m a sharer,” Tony told him, walking over and stealing his mug. He grimaced at the first sip. “God, you’re a complete heathen, Barton, this is swill.”
The corner of Bucky's mouth ticked up. “Takes one to know one.”
? What the fuck was wrong with him?
Suddenly, Steve felt a rush of heat wash over him. He wasn’t sure what it meant, but he didn’t like the thought of Tony ‘merging’ with anyone.
Steve had a very bad feeling about this, but the others were all agreeing eagerly.
He grinned at her, knowing it wasn’t his best effort. “Nat, you are the most cocked of all of us.” Her mouth quirked. Attention was off Clint though, and that was what Tony had been aiming for.
Tony met Steve’s gaze again. “It’s started.”
“No, rabbits,” Tony retorted. “What do you think, moron?”
looking at two people. “I get that,” he admitted.
Oh lord. What a week. Posting today but not sure if it makes any sense. It does to me okay?
“And then Alexander Pierce and Hydra happened,” Tony said. “And you started keeping secrets from me.”
Loki answered him, “It is one of the Infinity Gems, last taken form as the Aether. It allows the user to fulfill wishes.”
Coulson sighed. “The Sorcerer Supreme is
“He’s got the biggest balls on anyone,” Rhodey whispered to Tony.
“Not exactly,” Vision said, moving away from Wanda who made a small sound of protest. “I am the bearer of the package.” He leaned down and picked up a fairly large case that Steve hadn’t spotted. “Mr. Stark wanted you to have this.”
Time and a certain person who unexpectedly took root in Clint’s heart. But
“I believe I know how we are going to proceed,” Strange told Tony with a smile.
He turned his head from the sight of a dark-haired woman wrapping the head of a man in plastic, holding him until his chest bellowed with the desperation to breathe.
“The monster was here.” Wanda's voice broke into the charged silence after Rhodey's words. “He swam in that direction.” She pointed.
“You wish me to read him?” she asked.
“I think we need an impartial mediator,” Natasha said. “We’re all too close to this. We need someone who can handle us when we get out of control.” She didn’t look at Bruce.
“Oh, come on, Tony,” Steve scoffed, blue eyes judging him and finding him clearly wanting.
He rubbed at his eyes. “I knew that Secretary Ross hated superhumans. What I didn’t know was just how much he hated and how far he was prepared to go.”
Tony was getting the dynamic here. Sam was the sort of hero who would stand beside you and fight with you. He had a feeling that Dean would shove you behind him and face the monsters alone.
Rhodey flipped him off with a grin. “What the fuck ever, asshole.”
Tony stared at Jim. “We are so fucked,” he announced.
tell him anything more.
“I’m guessing there’s more to this than meets the eye,” Natasha said, face impassive.
“Okay,” Steve said. “We’ve got your back.”
Pepper rolled her eyes. “You know you look gorgeous,” she said, smoothing hands across his shoulders and straightening his tie. “Stop fishing for compliments.”
“I’m sorry.” Bucky whispered into his skin. “I forgot you. I’m so fucking sorry.”
“Sure, you can, Tony. You’re a regular Secretary of State,” Rhodey affirmed. Tony flipped him off.
Tony decided that hiding out in his workshop slash Bruce’s laboratory for the rest of his life was the better part of valor.
want to get into your pants I didn’t lie.”
Sam and Clint started shoving Thor away from their food. “You wouldn’t share yours, you dick,” Clint protested. “Why the hell would we give you some of ours?”
It made Tony’s throat close up, seeing them like this. Like a team. Once upon a time they’d been fighting each other, now they were a unit, fighting
Steve shook his head. “No, that’s not true.” But even as he protested, something about her words resonated inside him. “It isn’t.” It sounded weak, even to him.
Tony barely flinched as Bruce morphed into the Hulk in a liquid roll that had most of the Assembly screaming. There was a mad scramble as several members tried to flee the room.
to stop. So if
Clint shook his head. “Just when I think you can’t get any weirder….” He grabbed a bottle of water and left with another head-shake.
“So, who should I advise of your healthy state?” Vision asked.
“You’re a very weird guy, Stark,” Bucky informed him, stamping on the neck of something that looked like a pterodactyl.
“Cool,” Tony said, stepping back. “I look forward to it.”
“None. Of. Your. Business.” Tony pushed to his feet. “Now, if the interrogation is over, I’d like to have a shower and change into something a little less rank and sweaty.” He didn’t look at them as he swept past.
“How shall I survive?” Strange held out a hand as a roar pulsed out of the abyss. “Well met, Skurge the Executioner.”
“Tony had the idea to destroy one of the Infinity Gems that we hold in order to prevent Thanos from completing his mission,” Bruce explained.
“No.” Natasha’s hand went to her mouth, eyes wide and horrified.
Steve's throat felt tight. “Not like Tony does,” he added.
“I can’t do stoic,” Tony reminded her.
tired.
“Is this about last night?” Bruce asked, hitching up on Tony’s workbench. “Because it wasn’t…”
Bruce looked up from the newspaper when he cleared his throat. “Bucky?”
“You have proof of this?” The General Assembly President leaned forward in his chair.
He cradled Matilda in his arms like a piece of porcelain. “Loki was a trickster, a magus,” he explained. He ran a hand over Matilda's thick fur. “I did not doubt that the Wraith would seek him out as a particularly delicious meal.” The yowl told them all just how Matilda felt about that particular statement.
Tony moved to Clint’s side. “I’m sorry.” It was all he could say and it was entirely not enough.
“Don’t shout at your AI,” Coulson said, voice mild. “I have all your override protocols.”
Strange smirking behind him as he struggled.
Bruce rolled his eyes, but obliged with a fist bump. “You know you’re ridiculous, right?”
The glowing circle of fiery light didn’t move. Steve scooted a little over and peered through at a room on the other side of the circle. It looked like a library. An old one.
“This is possibly the strangest conversation I’ve ever not been a part of,” Dean commented.
Tony liked kissing. It had always felt the most intimate of sensual behavior. Fucking was what animals did, kissing was for humans. He opened his mouth, let his tongue trace Bucky’s teeth and then tangle with Bucky’s tongue.
“You are a god among men,” Tony assured him.
“How come you get the ass-end of the adventure?” Bucky asked Dean, turning his neck a little to stare at Dean.
Steve watched the numbers counting down on the elevator panel, drumming his fingers impatiently. When they swished open on Tony’s lab floor, he was moving before the elevator had even stopped.
Loki looked around the room, cool eyes and assessing gaze. “For a Midgardian home, this is acceptable,” he noted.
“I am Loki of Asgard,” he said, ignoring the jacket. “Take me to my brother.”
“Sure, we’ll go with that story,” Clint drawled. “Man, I forgot just how nuts this team can get.” He grinned at Tony. “I don’t know if I ever actually said it, but thanks, man. Thanks for bringing us home.”
James Buchanan Barnes had been abused by the very best and yet he didn’t blink. “Depends what you want?” he drawled.
Tony frowned.
Tony held up his middle finger as he wriggled into place. “I’m a gift to the world.”
“They’re outside,” Pepper said. “We told them they weren’t allowed to come in, but they refused to leave anyway.”
Tony heaved an exaggerated sigh of relief. “Good. You had me worried there. Because that'd be horse-shit. That's not how quantum physics works.” Steve watched as Scott started babbling, and Bruce took quick notes.
Tony grinned back at him. And then stopped smiling, remembering. “But Steve.”
“Tony, explain,” Steve commanded. “I’ve barely woken up, and can’t deal with cryptic information right now.” He didn’t mention the talking bird because that was an entirely different conversation.
He kept his eyes on Bucky as he kissed Tony. They’d never been this, him and Bucky. But it somehow felt right with Tony between them.
She blinked, her eyes endless windows of sorrow. “My home is lying in pieces at the bottom of a sea,” she said. “And my family is buried who knows where.”
Bucky muttered something anatomically impossible against Tony’s skin. “Later,” Tony assured him. “Now move that gorgeous ass and let’s get this over with.” He swatted at Bucky while trying to disengage from Steve’s arms. “Good lord, you
“It would have been nice to know that you
him more. This couldn’t end well. For anyone.
Tony couldn’t stop the semi-hysterical giggle. “I am
Steve looked horrified. “You talk about our sex life with War Machine?” The angry flush on his face was very becoming and Tony would have appreciated it more if he didn’t know that it meant no nookie for the next while.
“I’m okay,” Steve rasped, waving their hands away. “Gimme a minute.”
Bruce flailed at Steve. “But he’s standing right
Steve was also wondering at why Tony had extracted this particular promise from Loki.
Just then the news anchor announced that the President was ready to begin his address.
“Stop with the I told you so’s and come and rescue my ass!” The phone went dead and Tony peeled out of the driveway, heading for the Alpha Tau Omega House, which of course was exactly where his best friend was located.
Tony let the grin widen. “You bet your ass I do.”
“And so the two of you fought over my honor like mature men in mortal combat?” Tony preened. Steve glared at him.
Again, I suck, but it's done and we can all move on. Forgive me
“I think you deserve better than me,” Tony told her. And the thing was he completely believed it. “I’m not the sort of guy who makes a good life partner.”
Natasha’s warm, approving smile had him relaxing. “Besides, I need to clean my weapons, may as well do it here.”
He held up a hand. “No. It's okay. I mean, Bucky came here to heal. I reckon he's healed pretty well, don't you?” He waved the same hand at the window. He didn't look out again.
you’d done things, bad things, hurt people.”
Vision nodded. “There seems no other explanation.”
Rhodey wobbled a little in the air, but quickly righted himself. “Which one?” he drawled.
Steve wondered for about the millionth time how he could have thrown this away.
Tony stared up at the ceiling in his room. His head hurt. His body hurt. Even his eyelashes hurt.
“Are you sure you want to stay with this particular experiment?” Jarvis asked once Pepper and Rhodey had left. “I mean, nothing about it is stable.”
“Long story,” Sam said. “Safe to say, he won’t be happy to see us.”
“Yes!” Tony shouted. “I said yes!” He tugged the t-shirt over his head and yanked the bathroom door open. “I only asked because you are the wisest of the wise, Pepperoni.” He attempted a smile.
Tony didn’t know what he was going to tell the Winchesters. Or
Bucky grinned at him. “Might be nice to have a puppy around the place,” he said.
“What do you want to do?” Bucky asked.
Natasha looked over at Tony. “Well, he's a stubborn son of a bitch, I'll give him that.” Her eyes were fonder, thank god. “If anyone can help you, then he can.”
“I know,” Tony intoned.
Clint’s eyes, those eagle eyes that never missed their target, zeroed in on him. “Stealing Cap’s BFF? Not cool, man.”
being honest about feelings.
“Get extra spring rolls,” Natasha ordered.
Tony grinned. “I will take that in the spirit in which it's intended, most Glorious Widow.” He bowed. “I bring you your errant beau.”
“Anytime,” Sam said. “Stay out of trouble, you hear?”
“So noted,” Crowley said. “But this is the way to get to the Cage.”
“I can
Tony could literally feel her sigh.
“Of course I know who I am,” Tony snapped. “I’m Dr. Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.”
Bruce shook his head, smiling fondly.
“I’ll take that.” Steve held out his hand. Tony narrowed his eyes at him and spotted the determination in his face. He dropped the items in Steve’s hand without a word.
Strange lays it all out. Tony takes his side. Steve objects. Strange wins. It's all perfectly awful right now.
“I don’t think that word means what you think it means,” Clint said. Steve didn’t think that quoting the Princess Bride was entirely appropriate right now.
“They chose the best person possible,” Sam insisted. “Imagine if they’d picked someone like Stark.”
He started.
“Later,” Steve promised.
“The last meeting between the serpent and Thor is predicted to occur at Ragnarök, when Jörmungandr will come out of the ocean and poison the sky…” Vision intoned.
“I’m assuming that means you’re fine?” One perfect eyebrow lifted. Tony wondered if eyebrows could be used to kill. If they could, then Natasha’s totally would.
Steve just laughed. “I think he’s cute.”
“Will you take us to the place where Jörmungandr weaves his magic?” Strange asked.
“Falcon says that at least one of the Secret Service agents assigned to the President has the mark,” Steve said, trying to steer the conversation to safer topics.
“Where did you think I was heading, Spiderwoman?” Rhodey quipped. “Already mentioned that I ...”
“Aye-aye, sir!” Tony saluted him, launching up at the same time. “Time to dance with the Devil.” He wasn’t nervous
“Huh?” Bucky lifted his head off Tony’s shoulder. “You’re back.” He let Thor pull him to his feet, and then helped Tony up.
Tony tried to pout. He knew it looked ridiculous on his forty...thirty something year old face, but it was worth a try nevertheless. “Don' wanna,” he whined.
“I’m here, Steve,” she said immediately. “Thank god, we were so worried.”
Coulson turned his pale gaze on Clint. “Hawkeye,” he said by way of greeting. “I was very sorry to hear about your family. Laura was a lovely woman.”
~o0o~
Just like that, Tony had enough. “And they don't grant visas to weapons of mass destruction!” He let Steve see the rage in his own eyes.
He found what he was looking for. “Chapter 12,” Tony said, lifting the phone to read: “
Bucky didn’t turn around. He stood with his hands in his leather jacket, staring out at the sea. “That’s Steve’s,” Tony noted dumbly.
“Certainly sir,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “As soon as you’ve eaten.”
There was a brief pause. “Sir, you have just finished the Mach 7 prototype.”
was the emotionally immature one in the team.”
“Good,” Bucky said.
“That explains nothing!” Tony protested. “She’s fucking scary.” He shuddered, feeling that bone-deep chill once more.
“Please what?” Tony wasn’t being coy. He wanted Steve to use his words. To tell them what he wanted.
“You giving up?” Steve asked. There was something in his voice. Something sharp.
“He’s an idiot.” Pepper shook her head. “He has the social skills of a gorilla and the courage of a slug when it comes to people he fancies.”
Thor returns...with a guest. The news isn't good. Coulson returns...with a guest. Tony isn't happy. And then the shit really hits the fan.
“Thanks, F.R.I.D.A.Y.,” Steve said. “Is anyone else awake?”
“I seem to remember something about Jörmungandr being a snake that poisons the sky,” Natasha said. She met Loki’s gaze. “And a prophecy about it killing Odin, Frigga, Loki….”
Tony rolled his head so that he was face-first against the warmth of Steve’s neck. “Yeah,” he rasped. “You were assholes.”
“Eh, it’s okay.” Tony grinned. “Plus, all the cool alien tech, amirite?”
~~~O~~~~
Tony leaned back against the workbench, abruptly changing tack. “You’re absolutely right.” He folded his arms slowly. “So are you going to stop being a chicken shit and face your best friend?”
“You okay?” Bucky’s question was a low murmur as he leaned against him.
“How about no?” Tony’s eyes narrowed. Steve had forgotten how unnerving it was to be the full focus of Tony Stark’s attention. “Why did you do that?”
And of course…they failed.
Tony opened his mouth to protest but Steve put a hand over it. “We need you functioning, Tony.” He kept his voice low. “You've done what you can. If you stay down here, you'll make mistakes. And you know that mistakes you make can kill.” He knew he was hitting below the belt with that one, but he was prepared to use any argument necessary to make Tony obey him.
“But?” Tony prompted.
Steve just put his head in his hands. “I honestly regret everything.”
Further attempts at coitus are interruptus as the gods return.
Ross stood too. “Two days?”
speech?” He wasn’t sure if he was offended or charmed.
Tony held up a hand. “So let me get this straight,” he said. “Heh, straight.”
“Time to put on those big girl panties, boys,” Laura said.
way.”
“You’re an idiot,” Natasha told him. Tony almost believed that she was actually feeling actual
Steve screamed. He screamed and screamed until he lost his voice, and still, he couldn’t stop trying to scream.
“Sure it is,” Rhodey agreed. “You have two hot-as-fuck super soldiers wanting to do the horizontal mambo with you and you’re freaking the fuck out.”
Her arms came up around his waist. “I’m not just your boss, you know,” she said into his skin.
Bruce raised an eyebrow. ‘Pot, meet kettle,” he drawled.
And then he kissed him.
“More than I trust you,” Laura said, smile like a shark. To his credit, Sam only flinched a little.
Tony choked on his own spit.
“I’m not a fucking bird, Barnes.” Clint glared at him. “It’s just my call-sign.”
“Why didn’t you call me sooner?” Steve yelled as he spotted Tony on the ground. Bucky was like his shadow as they skidded on the tiles to reach him.
“You’re so weird,” Rhodey said, but he was smiling.
It was more. Much more. And Steve had been lying to Tony for months now. By omission yes, but still lying. He wondered if he’d ever get the chance to talk to Tony about Bucky and his parents without it descending into a fight that he had no chance of winning.
Team talk. Confessions, explanations, apologies. There's no time to be petty
Bruce put a hand on the table, fist clenched. “Yeah.”
“I love you.” Steve stopped moving. So did Tony. “I’ve loved you for years. Since the moment I saw you falling out of that huge hole in the sky just prove that you weren’t a little man in a metal suit.”
“She raped you?” Tony felt sick.
“Either get back into bed, or get the fuck out of here.” Bucky’s sleepy grumble was almost enough to tempt Tony.
And that was an ache that wouldn’t go away. She’d been so pissed at him. That he’d even conceived of Ultron in the first place without talking to her about it. Not even the week long Maui vacation after the chaos had changed her mind. They were through.
~o0o~
Thor looked down at Mjolnir. “But my Jane is enamored of my hammer,” he protested.
“Hey, stop that!” Tony protested. “No shrinking while we’re trying to save the world.”
Bucky nodded once. “I’ll see you at the Capitol in the morning,” he said, as though it was already decided. He headed for the door.
The laughter was even nastier than the smile. “You just keep telling yourself that, Tony. I have the photos to prove otherwise.” Bruce tapped his forehead. “Now, sleep.”
Pepper stared at them all. “So, which of you geniuses has a way of restoring an Asgardian trapped in not-cat form to Asgardian form?” She looked around. “Anyone?”
“Ah sweet boy, you have the violent instincts of a butterfly,” Tony said, opening the fridge. “Holy mother of all things holy!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That smart-ass mouth is going to get you into
“Of what?” Bucky asked.
Tony flashed him a quick grin. “Yet another reason to keep you,” he said. Bucky’s responding smile was a thing of beauty. It made Tony blink.
“You need some rest, Tony.” Steve’s voice gentled. “When’s the last time you slept?”
“Honestly, relieving the tedium with a little torture works for me too,” Crowley declared with an airy wave. He met Bucky’s furious gaze. “But you know all about torture, don’t you, James?”
coming here.” Rhodey’s eyebrows were so low he looked like Gimli from Lord of the Rings. Tony had an urge to laugh inappropriately.
“Someone
Everyone froze. Steve tensed up. Natasha turned slowly around to look at Rhodey. “You did
Steve shrugged. “How hard can it be? I mean we’ve been to Asgard. Tony’s taken a trip through a rip in the universe. An excursion to Hell sounds like fun.”
Steve took himself to bed, a little terrified but also a little more encouraged.
“And the proviso?” Rhodey, ever vigilant to defend Tony’s long-wished-for-absent virtue, stepped up next to Tony. Pepper dug an angry elbow into his ribs and he squawked, stepping back quickly.
“Uh-huh,” Bucky said, leaning his head back against the side of the jet and closing his eyes. “I need reassurance.”
“Don’t look,” he whispered.
“Tony!” Steve called.
“You were unconscious!” Steve yelled, forgetting to stay calm. Tony was being a stubborn ass. Steve was still shaking with fear. “That is
“The lessons we have learned from our adversity are what give us the strength to fight.” Wanda sighed. “But you fight yourself, Tony.” Her eyes were dark and a little sad. “
“Don’t do anything stupid,” Steve warned him. “If Loki seems pissed off or dangerous, get out of there. Get a lay of the land and get out of there.”
Even Steve could tell that was a bunch of crap. Before Tony could blast Scott, Bruce stepped in. “So, just to be clear, you want to pull off a… What do you call it?”
Tony felt his eyes burning. “I can’t lose another one,” he whispered. “No more. I can’t.”
Steve.
“Matilda?” Tony squeaked, taking another look at Loki. “Well, he does have the look of a feline about him,” he said eventually. This was clearly a story that needed much alcohol and a lot more time.
“That’s one fucking huge shower, Stark,” Bucky noted, leaning against the doorframe, brushing his teeth idly as he looked around him.
Thanks for the comments & kudos, they're much appreciated.
“And I’m here because you are.” Bucky’s words had Steve’s head snapping up.
Bucky shrugged one shoulder. He hadn’t moved away, his hands still holding onto either end of Tony’s tie. “In my head, sure,” he said. “But in my heart, I want to kill myself when I think about the things I did.” He was so much more honest than Tony could ever  hope to be.
“I’m programmed to monitor all conversations between Mr. Stark and potential enemies,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “Recent events have led me to believe that Sergeant Barnes is no longer a threat.”
“Talk.” It was an order. It made Tony shiver a little. Information to file for later, he thought.
Tony flapped a hand at Steve. “Shoo,” he muttered, dropping his head against Bucky’s shoulder. “Wake me up when the three lost lambs get back.”
Tony pointed a finger at him. “I wouldn’t be so quick to complain, dickhead. This is, after all, a mess of your own making. I thought gods were above petty crap until I met Loki. I swear, he made me understand that the gods of the Greeks and Romans were nice guys compared to the Norse.”
“Cool,” Bucky said. “That works.”
“You. Left.” Natasha’s mouth was set in an uncompromising line.
Tony pointed a finger at him. “You told me you weren’t that kind of doctor, you dick.”
Steve laughed. “Well, it’s good to have you here regardless of the motivation.” He nodded towards the four people watching them. “We could use your help.”
“The wedding won’t start without us,” Tony declared. “We’re kinda important.”
Bruce and Tony talk .... a lot. Steve realizes that he may have been over-hasty. Why doesn't anyone just
“No problem,” Steve replied. “It’s forgotten.”
“Steve.” The darkness closed over him in a warm and constricting embrace.
“Oh god, please stop,” Tony begged, clambering back to his feet. He was rewriting his entire world view.
“I’ve offered to pay the price required,” Loki said. “What that is makes no difference to our quest.”
“Yes, Tony, I know them too,” Natasha said, her voice muffled in Dean’s embrace. “Stop gold-fishing.”
The chair started pulsing again and Steve nudged Clint. “She's got something more to say.”
“Jörmungandr has begun to eat the sky and Ragnarök is upon Asgard.” Loki’s monotone didn’t hide the panic in his face.
“Did we…did
Tony glared at him. “PG, schmeegee.” He looked at Steve, who appeared rather delightfully mussed. “God, you’re so fucking pretty.”
Barnes looked helplessly at Tony. “The what?”
Thor lifted his hammer and the door opened a second before he connected.
“They said their name was Winchester,” Bruce said. “The older one, Dean, told me to give you this.” He handed Tony a bag full of hundreds. “He said something about interest added?”
The Quinjet’s stealth technology had them clearing American airspace with no challenge. Steve had stopped trying to figure out where they were going. The Sam/Clint running commentary had been enough.
“I love him,” Bucky said, simple and devastating. “What makes him happy, makes me happy. You make him crazy, but also very happy.”
“I’m swapping all of you for a new team,” Tony grumbled, but the pleased flush on his cheeks belied his words.
Bucky’s gaze flew to him. “What?”
“I’m the luckiest son of a bitch in the entire universe, but if I don’t get my ass in gear, there will be no universe.” Neither of them replied. Assholes.
“You should hate me,” Bucky told him, voice ragged. “I know I do.”
“Hey,” Tony forced Clint’s face up. “Barton, look at me.” He made Clint meet his eyes. “Breathe with me,” he commanded, imitating Steve when he’d arrived here. He grabbed Clint’s hand and slapped his palm against his chest. “Focus on my heartbeat,” he ordered, keeping his gaze steady on Clint.
“You and Tony, same stone, different utensils,” Natasha said.
Himself included.
“It is the future,” Wanda averred. “If you let it be.” She covered Tony’s hands with her own, and he couldn’t quite control the recoil. “I promise that if you let them love you, they will complete you.”
“This is almost as good as that time with TNW and the wrestlers,” Dean told Sam.
Steve didn’t agree. “How are we supposed to ask this stranger to judge us?”
“He was pummeling Bucky with electromagnetic therapy,” Bruce said. “It looks like a nanite graveyard in your brain.” He looked at Bucky. “Tony probably saved your life.”
“Because they won’t listen to me.” Tony went to a seat around the small conference table, Vision behind him like a shadow. “Please. We need this to be ratified so that the damage done to the Avengers isn’t all for nothing.”
“Your world usually revolves around you and you alone,” Bruce said drily.
“I mean that the changing political landscape shows that it is only reasonable for all ‘super’ heroes to have proper training and oversight,” Ross corrected. “It just makes sense to know who to call, and
“Eh,” Clint shrugged, still holding onto Natasha with one arm. “Only so many times you can aim at a cow and it stops being a challenge.”
“Exactly,” Tony agreed, earning a grateful look from Bruce.
“There’s a curveball that nobody saw coming,” Rhodey said, swallowing the last of his food. “Any idea of how we’ll know if it works?”
“Sure thing, boss.”
“Don’t start that crap again,” Tony told him, waving that away. “I’ll do what I have to so that you feel safe and loved.
Bruce nodded, “The chances for it working were always pretty slim,” he admitted.
~o0o~
Tony wanted to punch him in the face.
Tony stepped back, away from Steve, away from Bucky, hands up in peace. Steve watched Bucky’s eyes flit to Tony and then back to him. Bucky was a trained observer, a super-soldier like Steve, there was no way he’d miss the nuances.
“Welcome to Hell, the Abyss,” Crowley said. There was something hesitant in the way he said it.
“He been taken out?” Clint asked.
“Tony is my best friend,” Steve said, trying to stop blushing. “He’s hardly my love.”
“You have
He dug his fists into his pockets, pushing against his thighs in an attempt to keep control.
Well, that was something he hadn’t considered.
Steve came back, carrying a tray with a carafe of coffee and several cups. Clint had a couple of bowls and some large packets of crisps. “This isn’t a picnic,” Bruce pointed out.
Thor was holding Steve down as he thrashed. He couldn’t get away. He was drowning in grief. Everyone was either shouting at him or crying over Tony, and Steve just wanted to follow him into the void.
“Why didn’t you say something earlier?” Bruce leapt to his feet. “Come on, Vision and I are coming with you. I have an idea.”
Sometimes silence was the only reply to a question that had no answer.
“You were a lot better at this in the War.” Bucky's words had Steve's head snapping up.
Bruce sighed. “I left for a reason.”
“Tony, I was looking for Steve.” Bucky’s voice had them springing apart, hurtling towards opposite ends of the workroom with embarrassing speed.
“Would you like me to hold Tony down while you beat him?” Natasha offered.
“A what?” Tony asked.
Steve bumped his shoulder. “You know what I mean, jerk.”
“Yeah,” Bruce said with a quiet grin. “That’s not going to happen.” He met Steve’s gaze. “The Other Guy would probably have something to say about that.”
“Pie,” Sam mumbled. “Dean would sell his soul for pie.”
Steve moved closer, sandwiching Tony between them. “
Steve is starting to realize how much damage he's done. Tony has a little bit of an episode thinking about seeing his former teammates. Oh....And Pepper and Rhodey are the awesomest.
The voice in his head startled him.
called me.”
“You are not twelve,” Pepper said, smacking him on the back of his head. “Also, Cyclops has that covered.”
“The Avengers were done long before that, Cap,” Tony said, only a faint hint of bitterness in his words.
“Tony!” The last time Steve had heard Bucky sound like that had been a snowy night on railway more than seventy years ago. They each knelt on either side of Tony, Steve the first to carefully turn him onto his back.
Loki frowned. “You will tell the green monster of my child?” He suddenly sounded awfully protective.
“Yeah, Bruce was seriously pissed off with me about that.” Tony gave a humorless laugh. “Told me Hulk would have made me eat the entire document.”
“Ship?” Bruce frowned. “We’re on a ship?”
I hope you enjoy.
Since Thor had left for Asgard with fear in his eyes and Loki’s name a curse on his lips.
“That’s not good,” Tony said. “That’s
Steve watched the slow flush on Tony’s cheeks that had nothing to do with the cape that was currently bad-touching him. “I did it for the kids,” he mumbled, shoving the cloak away from his ass. “And Iron Man, Vision and War Machine are not the Avengers.”
“He always jumps into things,” Steve said. “Why couldn’t he just wait and talk to us all before he signed our freedom away?”
Loki turned his gaze to Thor. “You follow him,” he said. “You’re the son of Odin, King of Asgard, and you follow this man.”
“I’ll give you two days,” Tony said. “I suggest you don’t go running to those friends of yours in Colombia or Iran.” He saw Ross’ eyes widen. “Yeah, I know all about them.” He felt filthy. “They won’t be able to protect you.”
“I’m going with you,” Bucky announced.
“Making moves on my girl, Cap?” The voice behind him made them spin around. Barton’ grin was huge. “Miss me?”
Tony sighed. “I feel like I’m on a therapist’s couch,” he said instead.
“You knew I wanted to find him.” Steve had thought Fury trusted him by now. He felt betrayed.
~o0o~
“I swear to god, you are actually a five year old in an adult body.” Rhodey’s winded complaint came as War Machine sat on the top of the Quinjet.
“No,” Tony spun around. “This is it. This is the only way to stop him. The only way it will work.” He sounded manic and Steve was worried. When Tony got like this then things like Ultron happened.
Steve cradled the coffee mug between his hands. “I was afraid too,” he admitted. “For Bucky, for Wanda, for me.” He met Bruce’s gaze. “For all of us.” He took a sip. “Why didn’t you tell Natasha what you were going to do?”
happen to be my friends.”
Bucky held his body over Steve’s content to kiss him until his lips were wet and bruised.
hole in my roof!”
Tony’s eyebrows went up so high that they almost disappeared beneath his hairline. He looked at Steve. “What?” he mouthed.
“I’m glad that someone has,” Tony muttered. He dug in his pocket for the Reality Stone. “Okay, time to do your thing.”
“Because, no matter what, you and me, we’re for life.” Bucky’s quiet reply was a punch to Steve’s throat. He nodded against Bucky’s back.
“More like a trapdoor spider,” Tony muttered. Coulson’s look would have melted glass.
Tony still wasn’t entirely convinced that this was real, but if it was a dream, then he was goddamn going to enjoy every moment of it.
“What is it?” He knew she didn’t talk to him unless she had to. He thought maybe he’d offended her sometime.
“All good.” He waved a hand and tried to stand up. Apparently being squashed by the Hulkster generally left a little bit of woo-hoo-boy to get over.
Steve sputtered, quietly because he didn't want to wake anyone up, but sputtered. “You're back in my life for five minutes and already giving me shit?”
“Tony said he was done with the superhero business,” Steve reminded him.
Steve heard every word that Tony hadn’t said. He’d deserted his friend and left him to deal with a personal crisis on his own without even once calling to check up on him. Never mind that he hadn’t known about Tony and Pepper. That was no excuse.
Tony held out a hand. “Sorry,” he apologized, dragging Bucky closer. “War is often harder for those left behind.” He lifted his gaze to Steve. “Right, Cap?”
Steve quickly undressed. Bucky’s eyes gleamed. “Anyone ever tell you that you’re awfully pretty, Stevie?” he drawled.
And Tony was alone.
Sam looked at Dean. “We could try to get hold of a reaper.”
“That lady is fucking terrifying,” Sam noted. The tension broke and there were a few chuckles that had Tony relax again.
Tony fell back into Steve, the heat from his chest warming the ice that crept over Tony’s skin. Steve’s arms went around him immediately, pulling him in tightly. “You’re my kid, Viz.”
“What happened down there?” Dean’s green eyes were genuinely curious. “Did you get the job done?”
“Tony.” Steve kept his tone level. Tony could hear that he was fast losing patience.
Tony made a face at his back. Bucky nudged him with a smile.
Peggy pulsed a comforting golden glow around the room. He smiled. “Thanks, beautiful, but I’m so scared that this is going to be a fuck-up and Tony will be the one to pay the price.”
“He said something about red in his ledger,” Vision said. Steve didn’t miss the slight flinches from both Natasha and Clint.
” Skurge replied. “
Tony barely controlled his flinch. He didn’t like to remember Bucky being at the mercy of those assholes. Or Bucky being the one who’d shot Fury in the first place.
“We’re trying to make a fresh start,” he said. “We won’t get far if you create more problems.” She was still so young.
Vision inclined his head. There was the vaguest suggestion of a smile on his face. “I believe that would be an excellent place to start,” he agreed.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake!” He wanted to kill something. “Are you fucking kidding me?”
“What?” Steve was still confused.
When the Quinjet landed in Malibu a few minutes later, Steve watched Bucky watch Tony.
Clint got up and went to Bruce, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “I’m pretty useless except in combat, so I’ll help keep an eye on the loser,” he said, but his eyes were somber. “Can’t have him wake up without me there to call him Sleeping Beauty or telling him that it was my kiss that woke him up.”
“You’re going to love this,” Tony said, forgetting for a moment that he hated Steve. “It’s in a necklace protected by a bunch of wizards.”
“Pizza?” Loki offered.
“Behoove?” Bucky mouthed at Tony.
“What about Vision?” Tony asked.
~o0o~
Shorter chapter but the next one will be meatier. Tony is for sure the hero of the day. He's my hero anyway. Sometimes the hardest thing is to sit on the sidelines and watch someone else lie on top of the hand grenade.
Steve was completely bewildered.
Steve was still struggling to compute what had just happened. “Okay, so talk me through the last few minutes,” he ordered Bucky.
Thanks for sticking with me.
As distractions went, it was a doozy. Everyone started asking questions over each other and Steve sat back and watched his team.
“So, do we have an ETA on the Reality Stone?” he asked, trying to focus on the issue at hand.
Pepper grabbed him the moment she saw you. “You wonderful, incredible, outrageous man!” She kissed him hard. And then hugged him harder. “I don’t think I’ve ever be more proud to be your ex.”
Steve nodded. Thor and Loki had left with a promise to return as quickly as possible. “Okay, let’s shut everything down and get some rest.” He walked over to Vision. “That means you as well.”
She frowned. “It’s me, Pepper.”
“I’m sorry,” he said quietly.
“Maybe I’m a time traveller from the future,” Tony joked, going for a distraction.
Fury answered on the first ring.
Thor shook his head. “There is a reason Loki is called the Trickster, Captain. He is the very best of us all at illusion.”
“I don’t care. I’ve been waiting for this for too long.” Tony lifted his head, grabbing Steve’s face between his hands. “Fuck. Me.”
Okay so back to the plotty things. Again, I am sciencing for shit. Hey, maybe by accident I'll discover how to go through a black hole safely.
“I’m a little rusty,” Bucky whispered, staring up at Steve.
“Wait!” he said. “I need help to understand.” He tapped the communicator in his ear. “Clint, you got a moment?”
Steve dropped his head onto Tony's shoulder, breathing deeply against his skin. “You sure you're not with her anymore?” he asked, voice raspy. Tony wanted to fuck him into the ground.
“Um…” Tony said.
Steve kissed his temple. “You’ll never know until you open it,” he pointed out.
Steve laughed at Bucky’s outraged expression. “You calling me fat, Stark?” His eyes danced.
“To put it mildly, they’ll rip you limb from limb,” Crowley replied.
He made a noise when he couldn’t breathe any longer and she let him go. “I’ll do my best,” he assured her.
Steve lifted his head to glare at him. “Nice.” His voice was flat.
Tony shook his head, swallowing the last of the pancakes. “I know better.” He pointed his fork at Coulson. “I hope you realize what you’ve done.”
“I knew you wanted to see Steve,” he said, keeping his gaze away from where Steve was unashamedly listening in. “I saw how happy you were.”
Tony couldn’t decide which he preferred more. Then he remembered that he didn’t have to choose. He got to have both.
Or maybe it was that alien furbeast sitting on his tongue that was killing him.
“You look better,” Bucky told Tony in a low voice.
Natasha smiled up at him. “I know. But he shouldn’t.” Clint left, seeming only mildly terrified at facing his wife again. Steve suspected that he was seriously underestimating Laura Barton’s fury.
“And when you found out, you protected him.” Rhodes’ voice was flat.
,” Dean corrected.
“Asgard would be no more?” Loki asked.
“Another secret meeting?” Steve asked, something bitter in his tone.
“I think that Tony doesn’t do anything without a reason,” Steve said. “I mean, he sent me my shield and the system for Bucky….” He swallowed hard. “What are the other numbers in there?”
Tony talked a good game.
“Man up, Tony.” Coulson clapped a hand hard on his back. “You have apologies to make to several folk, including our guests.”
Natasha looked up at Steve. “What do you think he meant about Wanda?”
“I get a new arm.” Bucky’s flat statement had Tony staring at him again. “You didn’t ask anything from me. You took me in, took care of me, gave me hope and never asked for a goddam thing.”
How the hell had those giant spiders managed to get into the tower without them seeing them?
“I kissed you for the first time today,” Steve said, desperate to make Tony understand why he’d asked the question. “I didn’t know until a day or so ago that there was even a chance for this.” He pushed himself back up so that he was facing Tony instead of staring up at him.
“My secret weapon,” Tony declared proudly, watching them wrestling. He didn’t say anything when he saw Rhodey’s toes curl while he laughed. But he wanted to punch the air at the visible proof that Extremis was working.
“We need some rest,” Rhodey told him. “The real war begins tomorrow.”
“Tony,” Vision hissed. “This is inappropriate.”
Tony started thinking that maybe he’d ended up in another dimension. “I’ll try one, thanks.” Tony helped himself to one of the sugary cubes of goodness. He relished the smash of sweetness as it hit his tongue.
“Someone like?” Bucky got up, restless in a way that Tony hadn’t noticed before. And maybe it was due to the drugs that Hydra had plunged into his blood, but Bucky sometimes reminded him of an animal bred to kill.
“Let’s get this arm finished.” He looked over at DUM-E. “You ready to see what my genius has created this time, buddy?”
“I’m the lucky sonofabitch that has spent the most time here,” he said. “I know this place better than I’d like.”
“I’m going to stay out here for a bit,” Clint said. He turned his gaze to Tony. “Thanks.”
“I think so. Strange said he’d go and check on it.” Tony finally extracted himself from Steve and Bucky’s arms. “Down boys!” He grinned at them as he said it, removing the sting.
There was an ominous beeping sound from the bed and Bruce scurried over. “Whatever you guys are going to do, do it fast. We have a matter of hours left before his heart is completely destroyed.”
Tony looked over at Steve who shrugged. “Not as if any of us have any idea which is the easiest option,” he said.
.” Tony didn’t let Bucky look away. “Do you have any idea how much you’ve given me? How much you’ve changed my life?”
“Sure you are,” Bucky drawled. He stepped over to Steve. “Nobody else would put out like I do.”
“Leprechauns are indeed real.” Thor rolled his shoulders. “Lady Widow, you should be careful not to incur their wrath. I have heard stories of their terrible rage.”
Bucky lifted his arm, admired it. “It’s pretty sweet.” He opened and closed his fingers, flexed his fist and bent it at the elbow so that Steve could see the shape of muscle, sinew and blood vessels. “I can feel things and shit.”
“Get your metal ass back there,” Steve yelled at him, swinging his fists and sending bodies tumbling. “Perform the fucking spell so that we can fucking
Tony’s hand dug into his hair. “If you’re going to kiss me, then kiss me. Otherwise, play with Bucky. Don’t half-ass this, Cap.”
“I wasn’t insulting Tony or you, Steve,” Pepper said, pulling several wads of paperwork out of a Mary Poppins-like briefcase. “I just meant I thought you only liked women.” She kept her tone mild and Tony recognized her ‘let’s keep Tony under control’ voice.
“Perhaps that is because Sir has not been receptive to anything of any substance since your break up with Ms. Potts,” JARVIS suggested.
“Die Hard?” Scott mused. “No, it's not one...”
not Bug.”
“That’s cold,” Sam complained.
“How could I not?” Bucky smiled at Bruce and Tony saw the sheen of tears in those stupidly beautiful midnight blue eyes. “He saved my life.”
“Agent,” he said as he filed past.
“When I fell into the abyss, once Father awoke from the Odinsleep, I returned to Jotunheim. I begged the new monarch, Fasolt for asylum.” Loki swallowed hard. “He offered his protection. For a while.”
“Matilda is what apparently one of the Ascended,” Clint said.
“They’re bi,” Natasha offered, “Always have been.”
“God,” Steve groaned, dropping his face into his arms as he rested them on the table. “Even Bucky is better at living in this time than I am and he’s basically been a zombie for seventy plus years!”
“I don’t blame him, you know.” Tony’s voice was deceptively calm. Steve could feel the vibrating emotions throughout Tony’s body. He didn’t touch him though. He knew better. “I know that whatever killed my parents was just a weapon, aimed and fired. I wish he didn’t feel so guilty about it.”
Director Fury,” Tony corrected. “And yes, the very one.”
“Only with less spandex,” Sam agreed with a grin.
of the words.
Clint stuck his head out of the kitchen. “Most women, and probably half of the men on the planet, would be all too happy with that sort of abuse.” He flinched. “God, you’ve broken my brain. I hate you all.” He vanished again as Tony cackled.
Steve came to stand beside Tony. It was very hard not to be distracted by the miles of skin in front of, and next to him. Tony deserved a fucking award, he thought, eyes running covetously over Steve’s body.
There is a plan. There is totally a plan. Until the plan changes. Eh....
“How the hell does he do that?” Bucky asked Steve.
Tony patted Bucky’s cheek. “Come on, then, sweetheart.” His smile was both wicked and kind. “Your turn.”
“Figured,” Steve said, shoving his hands in his pockets.
“My name is Nebula and Thanos murdered my sister. I am bound to avenge her death.” There was something in those eyes that reminded Tony a little of Vision.
Tony opened the partition. “We can head back home, Hap.” He ended the call without saying another word.
“How’d you get him to do it?”
“I’ll keep him away from you,” Tony promised. “I’ll find somewhere to hide you.”
“Look, it’s either help us, or have Lucifer somehow breaking free of the Cage and taking over here.” Dean held out his hands. “She’s not stupid.”
Tony flinched a little. “Sorry,” he muttered. “It’s habit.”
“Choosing this world and choosing my brother is the exact same thing,” Loki eventually said, sounding unutterably weary. “I swear that I will make no move that will bring Thor pain.” He met Tony’s eyes. “Does that suffice?”
Tony didn’t like the sound of that. “Detours?” He frowned. “Like through the Bog of Eternal Stench?” Three pairs of eyes stared at him, judging. “I don’t know! I’ve never been to Hell!” He flung his arms out to wave at the surroundings.
Huh, Steve thought. Maybe not so broken. Not just yet.
“And yet I did,” Vision said. “I have found that humans often act in ways that betray their deepest subconscious.”
To those who felt that Natasha had been too harsh, I hope you feel a little better.
“No. Shit. Fuck.” And the line went dead.
Desperate to change the subject, Steve looked at Vision. “After all that, did you actually tell Thor and Loki that dinner was up?” Vision still appeared a little shell-shocked. Tony was never going to let this go.
“You don’t…” he gasped, throwing his head back when Tony darted his tongue into the slit, licking at the precome gathered there.
“On my way,” Clint said, clicking off.
“Get to the point.” Tony heard the amused smirk in Fury’s voice. Not that the asshole would ever let him see it.
“I think perhaps peace is a better option than something big enough for the Avengers to attend to, don’t you?” T’Challa’s tone was quietly remonstrating.
Tony saluted her. She’d keep Thor busy and round up the idiot who was trying to kill the other half of earth’s population.
“That’s not quite true,” Steve said. Rhodey looked at him in question. “He has a different standard for me.”
Bucky moved to sit next to him. “What happened?” He just waited as Tony tried to figure out what to say. Steve could practically see the gears turning as he figured out how much to confess.
“Not so much fight,” Crowley hedged. “Take a few detours, is perhaps a better expression.”
That moved.
and Steve. I’m surprised Pepper didn’t call you on it ages ago.”
Tony’s head hurt.
He meant it.
“You love so hard,” Steve told him. “I think that it is sometimes too much for one person.”
“Barnes,” Sam said, face somber.
Steve just rolled his eyes. “Dumb it down for me, does the equation work?” He pointed to where Vision was standing, surrounded by Tony and Bruce’s gorgeous creation.
Steve closed his eyes, swallowed hard. “No.” It was barely a whisper. “Tony is the most loyal, generous, infuriating, fascinating person I’ve met since I woke up.”
Tony snorted a laugh. “I remember. The tower is still recovering from the last time.”
Tony blew him a kiss. “Gonna sign up with my little dysfunctional band, Agent?”
Bucky hauled Tony to his feet and Steve did the same with Clint. “You are a trial, Stark,” Bucky said with a smile.
“And Mr. Barnes, sir?” She sounded cautious. J.A.R.V.I.S. had never been cautious.
“I’m afraid we aren’t going to be able to accommodate you,” Steve said, not sounding apologetic at all. “Now, how about you let us pass and nobody else gets hurt?”
“I’m the one who keeps you in whiskey and toys,” she shot back. “Captain,” she nodded to Steve. “I never pegged you for someone who plays for the home team.”
“This room is supposed to be secure,” Fury growled. As usual, with the Avengers, he’d lost control of the situation.
He got out of the shower, Hell washing off him with soap and hope and spiraling away down the drainpipe.
He lurched across to the shower, reaching up to turn it on and lay there shivering as the water rained down on him, creeping way too slowly from Ice Age frost to the fires of Mount Doom.
Tony slumped in relief. “Yeah.” They sat for a moment in silence, both buried in regrets and recriminations.
“And you didn’t mention this because..?” Tony could see the lethal Winter Soldier staring out at him through Bucky’s eyes.
Tony’s feet suddenly felt very hot indeed.
Tony’s eyes flew open and he sat up with a gasp.
Tony felt as though the foundations beneath his feet were wobbling dangerously. “You’re gay?” he squeaked.
“What our large friend is saying is that nobody comes this way.” Strange strolled past Tony, taking a position at Skurge’s shoulder. Only then did Tony realize that they were on solid ground again. He looked back up. The light was a sliver far above them in the blackness of the abyss.
“Captain Rogers, Colonel Rhodes, whatever is going on, I’m just letting you know, that guy in there is afraid.” The President submitted to the blood pressure monitor as he sat down.
wrong.”
Steve turned to leave, expecting Bucky to follow. When he wasn’t right behind him, he looked back. Bucky was staring at Tony. “I’m coming back.”
“Didn’t think they’d be sending you to check up on me,” Clint confessed. “You’re usually the one they have to send someone to apologize for.”
“I just hope he doesn’t keep on trying when he realizes that it is all for naught.” Loki appeared genuinely upset at the thought.
Steve blanched. “You’re a wonderful, special person who lights up my life,” he assured her.
“Captain, I assume that you are not alone?” Steve waved them into his room, Scott and Natasha slipping in behind them.
F.R.I.D.A.Y. saves the day. Tony refuses help. The new Avengers are called on a mission.
Bucky choked on his own spit. Bruce made a whimpering noise, and Clint fell off the sofa, snorting with laughter.
“Well, it’s a start,” Bruce said as they all stepped back to survey the screens.
“I’d stand and watch him,” Bucky admitted with a rueful grimace.
talking about Barnes.”
Ignoring the new skylight in his ceiling, Tony realized he was ravenous and went to the kitchen.
Steve hadn’t known. “I’m sorry,” he repeated, knowing the words were useless.
“Hey!” Clint glared at Loki. “Less with the insults, more with the answers.” Tony knew that Clint still hadn’t forgiven Loki for his part in what had happened two years ago. He had the feeling that Clint was waiting for just the right moment to end Loki for good.
Natasha smiled. “I think I’ll team you with Vision,” she said. Steve could actually see the evil glint in her eye. It was one of the many reasons she was the scariest of them all.
Tony shook his head. “She talked to me.” He tapped his head. “In here. Like telepathy.” He tried to put the sensation into words. “It was like she was inside my mind. She didn’t just read my thoughts, but my emotions too.”
“Yes,” Steve said, not sure where she was going with this. “Why?”
“He likes to pretend he knows everything,” Tony told them in a stage whisper. “Most likely he just got a run-down when you arrived here. He hates surprises.” He grinned when Fury glowered at him. It was the little things really that made life worth living.
