Tony: Seriously, though, are you all right? When did that happen? After Madripoor? Did something happen there?
"We could do it the other way around," Tony offers, because he'd rather be on the receiving end than use any of these implements here on Steve.
The way she says it, it sounds like a bad thing. And then he suddenly finds a different meaning in her words, and it makes him feel all the cold around them, right to the bone.
with Steve, but he knew, he knew he couldn't have that. Still, if this was the only thing he was going to get, this one quick, furtive fuck in a coat room, fine. He could live with that. (He couldn't.) He was going to make the best of this. (He was going to fuck everything up.) If this was all he was going to get, he managed to think, half-coherently, he wasn't going to miss this chance, because he would regret it till the end of his life.
Tony: I know.
Tony: i'm busy getting hammered atm and it's just turning from good to bad
“C’mon on, Cap.” Tony took his hand and started dragging him towards the shore with that new-idea-look on his face, but it seemed just a little forced, just a little too cheerful.
Steve looked like he was going to say something, then changed his mind. He ran a hand through his hair, sitting back on his heels. Raised his eyebrows as if amused, but it, all in all, looked like an afterthought. "Oh, so now you're adopting this dog?"
"No, that one's
That was a stupid thing to say. What wasn't?
Tony: And you say I'm morbid.
Well, fever dreams would be an explanation as good as any, he thought as he was pulled back under.
Tony: In any case, you need to see it at some point
Tony: And talk to Natasha, for fuck's sake.
don't." He looked a little frantic, to Tony. His hand was resting on the door-handle, but Tony couldn't tell if he was anxious to get out or if he was holding the door closed, so to say.
That was when he firmly decided to stop with The Game nonsense. He was surprised at the feeling of vague loss, and it was oddly depressing. He hated rejection. And this wasn't even that. This felt like a tiny sun dying before it even got a chance to shine.
Tony: makes me want to explode idk
Steve pulled on his arm, none too gently, and practically turned Tony around. Tony's blood surged. He stepped in, closing the distance even more, brazen, aggressive. From so close up, he could see Steve's eyes despite the darkness, blue and burning and
"Please don't go into cardiac arrest," I manage.
he would raise the alarm.
But this one – this message was a one to be listened to endlessly, on repeat. This one was a one to which you rubbed your eyes and let your forehead sink against the table-top. This was a one to make you yell: "Okay, Occam, so
Tony: So, whose?
Tony: I want to see you. It’s not supposed to be like this. I want to see you now.
Then something shifts inside him, something snaps, and he is suddenly fighting to win.
Tony: My ways, they're not healthy. You probably don't want my advice on this type of shit, btw.
, but Tony seemed to be largely avoiding him ever since they got out of danger. Steve knew loss like the back of his own hand. He could take it. But this time it took him by surprise, twisted his gut and wouldn't let go.
"I want to take a look. I can't be sure because of the divergence, but maybe I want to show you something. You game?"
thing.
Then there was Steve's other hand. Tony would have sworn he could sense it approaching his body. He wouldn't look down, not for a million dollars, not now. It was all a part of the game. His breath froze in his chest in anticipation of where it would go.
We got to talking. She did offer one last boon to an old almost-friend. Alone, I was inconsequential enough; my going off apparently changed noting significant. I'm actually happy about the fact. These days I'm mostly content to watch the world roll by.
He tried not to overthink it. Now that the frustration seemed spent – Tony was probably just enjoying the touch, the act of exchanging something with someone. And why not, Steve thought. Two consenting adults, right? What did it matter that his own heart was breaking in his chest? Tony was a creature of pure energy; everything was so close to the surface, with him, the enthusiasm and the anger, always so acute, always burning. It might have been what Steve had fallen for in the first place. The crazy
He found out how much of a hardass Cap was being with him only after he talked to the other cadets and heard what their exams had consisted of.
The building was a maze of corridors and staircases. They had no floor plans and, not knowing the terrain, they were at a tactical disadvantage. They had almost been caught between two enemy groups once already. At this point, barricading themselves somewhere and trying to hold out until the possible help arrived seemed the only option.
He didn't let himself feel disappointed when he heard the voice.
"Yes,
Tony: Constantly.
Steve was standing there like he was frozen, but still firm, still not budging an inch. Suddenly, he seemed to Tony as if he was about to face down another batch of miscreants and not a, well, a semi-tipsy mechanic.
Tony: How was it?
" Bruce shot Thor and Tony a look that said
I closed my eyes and sighed. "I know you loved your Steve. Or, well – you loved each other. Me and my Tony... we just weren't like that."
"Perhaps some wars need to be fought," Steve said quietly, and Tony's eyes flashed at him. Not angry, but not
, like Tony hurt, and then to pull him up and kiss him again. And the cocktail of emotions that was surging through his veins was a fiery mixture of fury and hurt pride and desire, scorching its way through him. What was his hand doing, covering Steve's on his arm, digging his fingers into Steve's knuckles. Trying to pry it off? To hold it there forever? He had no idea. And he and Steve were standing too close to each other, somehow, and everyone,
"Did he leave the building?"
He was starting to feel silly about it, but he stomped on the feeling.
Tony felt an unwelcome warmth start to rise in his stomach at the praise. It seemed like such a long time since Steve had said anything nice to him.
here to keep it that way."
"The last time I saw the shield, Morgan was putting her Darth Vader plushy to sleep in it," he deadpanned.
, he thought without much conviction. Dread was rising in his throat gradually, like a slow, sneaky tide.
," he admits.
"Do what
Tony: Rogers???
BACHMAN: Mr. Stark?
Tony: What did you want?
The relief felt strange, like letting out a breath that had gone stale in his lungs without him noticing at all. "Yeah," he said, and because he suddenly felt he could, he added, "I almost kissed Stark today."
for a moment, but never the
So, the real question was could Steve do it? Could he ever be casual with Tony? He knew the answer already, had known it all the while, in all probability. He’d just let the hope mislead him. No, he couldn't do it, because he didn't know how to do things halfway, because he could go all in or not go in at all, because he had no idea how to be 'casual'. The idea of having Tony
"And a doggy bowl?" Steve called back, raising to his feet.
. He thought the wanting might burn him up from the inside.
, so find me there if you like.
"You do know I'm sorry, don't you?", Steve whispered after a time.
His heart in his throat, Steve watches Tony fly, move like in a ballet.
Steve picked up on the fourth ring.
Steve wore an insecure half-smile and no beanie (the idiot). Snowflakes played in his hair. If he stood there much longer, he would probably turn into Olaf. He held his skis in his left hand like a foreign body of  undisclosed loyalties.
with strings."
Pieces of the conversation come back to Tony, and they fall together, and he realizes he's been using past tense too much.
Despite himself, Tony felt a small smile tug at the corners of his mouth. He tried to keep it out of his voice. "I thought I'd at least retain some dignity and wait until you're asleep before I crawled under the blankets."
Tony: Do you absolutely need me here for your inventory needs or can you perhaps make the list on your own? Because, contrary to the popular belief, I'm a pretty busy person.
he is. He's Steve. He wears his heart on his sleeve. But that's... different."
Tony: I'm hearing echoes of Natasha in certain turns of phrase, but mostly it's all his own cute, isn't it?
Tony: Just let me know if you get back okay.
Tony: If I pop a pill, I'm going to be all muddled tomorrow, and I need me to not be muddled.
Steve's cock is rock hard; he needs to rub it against something, needs some friction. He knows he is whispering soft pleas, but what he gets in return is light teasing of the flogger tresses on his shaft, crawling along it's length. He tries to fuck into the feeling, and it does absolutely nothing. He wants to growl with frustration.
Tony: Christ, Steve.
"Oh, nothing," Tony says. "You're a natural born spy. Known for your discretion and circumspection."
He was barely aware he was turning to Quill, looking at him imploringly. "
Tony's stopped moving his finger in and out for the moment; he just lets it sit there, against Steve's prostate, titillating in its promise. And then, a tiny wriggling, very subtle, barely perceptible, so Steve closes his eyes, to focus on it, to catch the uncatchable sensation, to...
Tony: 4th of july, lol, get it?
. Captain's face stopped him in his tracks. It effectively killed off all of Tony's attempts to make light and charm his way out of this one.
"It's captain Rogers," he told her, just to be sure, as he touched on the shoulder.
Slowly, Tony reached with his other hand. Opened the button. Then pulled the fly all the way down. Traced a finger up and down Steve’s length over the boxers. The cock jumped to meet his hand. Tony complied for a moment, granted him full contact, stroking, caressing. Then he pulled both the pants and the boxers down, just a little, no more than absolutely necessary. Freed, Steve’s cock was big and erect and beautiful. He caught hold of it with one hand and treated it with one slow, deliberate, full stroke. Steve inhaled sharply. His hand flew down to close over Tony’s, locking it in place.
He gave him space.
. Without..." Steve nods at the room at large.
"Shoot."
"I know. I wasn't." He sighed. "I
Steve looks at him serenely. "You were having such fun with the pretend relationship thing today, I thought I'd help."
Tony: Oh, he sent a highly verbose message. Said 'teach them to meditate'.
"Okay," Steve whispers again, as if it's the only word he remembers, and then, finding some more: "Yeah. Do it. Okay."
Tony: Steve, how come you never asked me how Rhodey was, though, all this time?
Tony: How dare you??
He imagines this is how it feels to have an estranged sister you don't really talk to, and when you do, you bicker, or you fight, and she's a pain in your butt, and then you stop talking again because it's not really working, and when you once again think you'll sever the ties once and for all, something happens, and you run into her by chance, and then you are laughing together at something inappropriate while everyone is giving you strange looks, or there's a moment of an almost arcane understanding between the two of you, no words needed, or she texts you out of the blue regarding something you've been considering in secret, something you would never tell anyone except maybe her, and then you become aware –
I almost said, but I could see that conversation unravel before me, clearly as if I were the Ancient One. I knew already how it would end. Tony would shrug as if that was something unimportant and say,
But still.
Tony: Myself yes, but not you.
Natasha still gave him a sharp look but didn't comment further.  He was perfectly okay with that.
is not a bad school, Justin, nothing to be embarrassed about. It's not MIT – well, obviously – but I'm sure your dad's large donation meant a whole lot in the way of improvements. Of course, it couldn't help you pass the tests here, since, honestly, you couldn't pilot your ass off the toilet seat. Not even with a navigation system. But there's no shame in having
"Oh, please," Tony says. "You love me. Also, I spent a day hanging out with a three year old, what do you expect?" And then he realizes what he's said and freezes.
Feeling like an idiot, Tony saluted. It brought back bad old memories, but what can you do.
in any case; but those visions sure had a way of messing with your  hippocampus. Tony concentrated. The boy was saying something on the lines with: "It gets weird though when you act like you’re my dad…"
During the battle, both Steve and Tony go for the gauntlet, but it's Natasha that snatches it away and puts it on in the end. Both Steve and Tony are at her back, touching her shoulder, her arm, trying to share the load. They shake with power and agony. At Thanos' words, Natasha just arches a perfect eyebrow and snaps her fingers; she doesn't deign his line with a response.
Tony: and I need a little time
And now this casual care which Tony exerted towards a total stranger. Steve had always expected it from himself, but learned that expecting it from others only lead to disappointment. And now, with Steve suddenly at the receiving end, Tony was sneaking through his barriers, and Steve didn't know what to do.
Tony: Maybe there's something to that idea, though. Maybe Maximoff could really help you. If the meds can't. Maybe she could take a peak inside your head. What she did to everyone during the Ultron debacle. What if she can do the opposite too?
Tony: Look, I feel fucked up, Steve. In general, just fucked up. I don't know how else to acknowledge that. I feel really broken and screwed up in a way other people just aren't. And I can't just pretend it's not there. I mean, I mostly do, but at least with my friends, I can't. Feels like deception. I think I'm
wasn't a big ship – and, air recyclers notwithstanding, seemed to sport a permanent stench of sweat and, for whatever reason, old bean stew.
Tony: Maybe in time we'll even be able to be friends again for real. The yelling isn't helping, but maybe we gotta go through that phase. In any case, yeah, man was I happy to just hear her voice.
And Tony did need him, badly, all of a sudden, now that all the puzzle pieces had slid into place. He discovered that the line between need and anger was practically invisible. He also discovered he had absolutely no idea how to express what he now knew he was feeling. In the end, he sent a funny vid. It wasn't his best idea in the world, but it was
Tony. Tony was so competent – he'd basically saved the day. And he was coming over, right towards Steve, checking up on him, fussing over him. Wrapping him in blankets. Dressing his injuries. Good gods.
Still, he couldn't keep track of all directions at once. As one goon raised his sidearm, aiming towards the back of his head, Tony swung the metal pipe they'd salvaged from the flush tank. The man went down. Tony dove for his gun, landed on his bad leg, swore savagely. The pain was shattering. Until then, it had been mostly a black, dull throbbing, sometimes nauseating but he was kind of used to it. Now it was like a red hot knife and for a moment Tony thought he'd throw up. He wasn't sure if he could get up without help at all. Still, from his vantage point on the floor, he took flawless aim and fired. Someone's kneecap shattered. That was the penultimate goon standing. Steve promptly took care of the last one and stopped for a moment to get his breath back.
Tony: Yeah.
“Usually, when you invite guests over, you are supposed to be there.”
"Darryl's fine," he said, hoping it was still true. "I lost Cap's signal, don't know if he's okay. I'm working on repairs. Thor, listen, go up, get help at once, I think. From what I heard, things aren't so great in the landing bay. Get the medics, the marines. I can't get the phone lines to work yet. Just... go."
, of all people, as much as Darryl could look surprised at all.
, Tony thought. Something must have shown on his face, because Steve felt compelled to add: "No, I
Steve suddenly had an impression this wasn't the first time Tony had called his name. "Sorry," he muttered.
Tony: Hell, Steve.
"Is it too much if I ask for your number?" Tony said against his own better judgment, pasting a showy grin on his face as a form of preemptive self defense. At the same time, his own inner voice was yelling:
," Steve cut him off impatiently. Lightly but urgently, he grabbed Tony's upper arms right under the shoulders and left his hands to rest there. "The wolf I saved from the water – did you see what happened to it? Did you see it?"
"Tony? It's you." Steve's voice sounded sluggish, slurred, but when Tony looked him in the face, the blue eyes seemed better focused.
And of
"Going on a mission now. May be some time'
STARK: Shall we continue? Shall I continue? Thank you. Quiet, please. Thank you.
Tony escaped into the corridor, spurred on by a vague idea he'd head to the pilot's deck and have
The phone was ringing again, so Tony took pity on Happy and tried to reassure him – again – that everything was all right.
She paged through them. I always admired her quiet poise. Her expression didn't really change as she looked at them, but I still did my best to give her some privacy. She looked away for a moment, and when she turned back, she was composed again.
"Oh, don't worry about it,
“Any news from your corporate friends?”
Tony wasn't happy, though. To be happy, he'd have to forget the fact that this was, technically, the last time they were together like this. Their last night. He wasn't going to throw himself at Steve, but hell, he wasn't far from it. Together, they were a Molotov cocktail made of mixed signals. Did Steve really want anything with Tony beyond, well, endless talking and gratuitous touching? Yes, probably. Was Steve aware of any of it? Tony wasn't so sure. And even if he was aware, did he actually want to give in to the impulse? Tony liked him too much – no, to hell with that: he
The familiar, joyful warmth coursing through him, Steve repaid him kiss for kiss.
"I didn't mean for it to happen like that," he said with some regret in his voice.
, he thought, as he hurried in the direction in which Tony had left. And it made no sense. It seemed to him all he did tonight was go after Tony, time and again, wanting to apologize, and then fucking up, over and over.
Tony: But talk to me a little bit. If you can.
ones, with
normal. “So?” Steve prompted. “Are you going to teach me?”
Tony: But it's good that you are doing it.
Tony: Are you kidding me with this?
stare. The warmth was spreading through his chest, so intense it made him shiver, which made absolutely no sense, he figured; if it was warm, you shouldn't shiver like this. At the same time, it felt like a hug. Just from
"Way better than that. I brought you something." Tony says, opening the trunk of the car.
"I'm here," Tony says instead. Calm. Soothing. He still holds Steve's fingers in his hand, firmly, and to Steve it's an anchor. As long as they are physically linked, the magic of understanding lasts.
Steve was of course standing right there, as if he'd never even moved away, his right hand raised as if to knock again. (The skis still lay on the ground behind him, though.)
"Yes, but don't tell me swimming in freezing water is fun for you.
"Well, the light's kind of faint," Tony said, trying to sound calm, reassuring. He had this crazy urge to say
It was dark in there, as – oh
Tony's fingers now flew over the panel. He was finding his focus. The tip of his tongue protruded between his lips. "I'm trying to trick it into thinking there's still working
It took almost a minute for the song to actually start, and it took Tony a few more seconds to recognize it. It was one of the hits that you heard everywhere, and then, two or three years later, everyone forgot about them.
Tony: Best of intentions and all that, btw.
– a cold feeling of being left wanting, left alone, all at once. There is no palm on his cock, no finger against his sweet spot, and then the said finger slides all the way out. Steve tries to follow it, to follow the sensation, but in a second it's all just emptiness. All that is left. The electric pleasure seems like a distant memory, although it burned inside him not a few seconds ago.
Tony: Go to sleep.
"I don't know what you were like at eighteen," Steve replied as if he was not sold on this at all.
But Steve’s gaze was soft around the edges, and he kept giving Tony these long imploring looks, and he seemed less inclined to bicker than before. And there was this
Where there are too many emotions involved, either his or someone else's, Tony tends to get uncomfortable. I knew it, understood it; I'm like that too. But, where I would fumble for something appropriate to say and end up with a cliché, Tony usually tries to go for the opposite of appropriate in order to defuse the situation. "No use, Rogers," he inserted, and grinned a variant of his tense, too bright TV grin, "I'm not jumping into bed with you."
"The what?" Tony had no idea what he was talking about. And that was probably the cold shock, the confusion being one of the symptoms.
, he'd wanted to say instead, but of course he didn't.
Suddenly, he's scared. What he's about to do is turn past tense into present tense, and it's impulsive, and it's fucking scary.
Tony: Yeah.
"Yeah, that might work better."
"I don't do much in the way of cooking now that I'm, ah, on my own, but I like to keep a soup pot going. Perpetual soup – that's how Pepper... well, that's how Pepper used to call it."
And while 'crush' had always seemed like such a small, stupid word, suddenly it had a new meaning, because it was a thing that
"He's been badly depressed ever since Pepper died," Natasha tells me two days after my arrival. We are sipping beer on the roof of Tony's mansion. (My Tony and I lived in it briefly, but Tony hated it. Too much memories, he used to say.) Tony has fallen asleep after lunch, and we are talking alone. "It's not as if it was a particularly happy marriage either."
Tony: Didn't you guys talk about what happened at all?
Tony: Not T'Challa if he's got any brains (which I know he does).
Tony: I kind of supplemented everything else. And you kept apologizing.
Tony couldn't say he exactly disliked Captain Rogers. The man didn't seem malicious or abusive or particularly ill-tempered, and he was certainly not a pain to look at. He was, Tony mused, kind of sour, though, uptight, maybe a little boring; none of these qualities were unforgivable, but Tony found the guy irksome all the same.
“Care for another cup of the abomination?”, he said then, nodding at their empty mugs.
“You asshole,” he said, but it came out with far less viciousness than what burned inside Tony. And then, calmly: “Breathe. Can you breathe through it?
crowds.
Tony: Hell, Steve, I was making light.
If he learned something yesterday, it's that it's worth trying to say things to people before they start falling through holes in the ice and getting hypothermia and stuff. Still, even though he normally has no problem with the verbal side of things, he has no idea how to put any of this into words. He's willing to try, though, at least a little bit.
ship's
Tony: So what about your James?
Tony: That was a stupid joke. I should shut up.
"What are we working on, today?" he asked, trying to sound businesslike this time around. His own voice sounded weird and stiff in his ears. His face felt like wood.
Tony: Yeah, quote that back at me, why dontcha, go right ahead.
Tony jerked in surprise, shot a questioning look at Peter. (But he didn't deny it, didn't know how to, had absolutely no idea how to get the lie
The whispering wasn't necessary, really; they were outside, on the porch, true, but Tony's house was a bit outside of town and Tony was sure there was no one close enough to either see or hear them. And yet, he found it difficult to speak at full volume himself, for some reason.
He needed to shut up now and respect Steve's decision. Try to be gracious for once in his life.
for you." Tony tried for a dry tone, but the rhythm was pulling at him, he had to admit that, and Peter was grinning, and still didn't let go of Tony's hand.
And this is the one option Tony didn't exactly dare to hope for, and now that it's in play, he's frozen with terror.
"Yeah."
, but he had to stop thinking about that pronto. It was ridiculous. The two of them could barely manage to talk to each other for two minutes straight without it getting weird. Well, none of this was going to help.
"But like this," Tony adds quickly, still holding his fingers up, parallel to one another. "Side by side." Which is even worse – it's way worse. Steve isn't sure he could take it at all, like that. "And you ask – no, you know what, Rogers, you
Tony: I must say that you were, if anything, exceptionally insightful, as always.
Even in his mind, Steve can't imagine them saying anything real to each other. Just an endless string of unfinished sentences that they, by some miracle, still understand. If he breathes wrong, the magic might disappear.
Here he was, right here, almost surreally close. And Tony had gotten disused from the planes of his face in these few months, and everything felt new, and a little raw, like peeling off a scab too soon, while the skin underneath was still pink and achy. And then Steve had stayed, and brought the damn soup, and he had kissed Tony on the brow, and what the hell was that all about anyway? It had broken Tony’s heart in a million tiny pieces; he wasn’t even sure why.
"And you were angry right back," I replied. "I still thought
"I don't want to make you nervous, Steve," he said a little later, at the kitchen table. "And for the record, you also make
Tony: What, I'm not supposed even to ask? You've mentioned just about everyone there, but never him. Which, I guess, is you trying to spare my feelings? Or maybe you don't think you should share that part of your life with me, which is your choice, obviously, but I don't want that to be a... a matter that can't be named. If we are trying this honesty thing.
The medic had been rummaging around in her satchel, but now she looked up. "Sense," she muttered. "From a... you're a pilot, right? Sense from a
Steve treated him with a softest small smile.
, and I'd rather not think that, so I decided to think this instead."
Steve gave him an earnest look. Raised his arm as if to pat Tony on the shoulder, blushed slightly and jerked his hand back as if burned. "Thank you very much," he managed stiffly, to Tony's growing irritation.
When I've finally fallen silent, he shook his head, as if in disbelief. "I could have had all that," he said quietly.
Tony slams his finger in again, this time far off the mark, at an angle that's almost painful. He turns his eye-slits toward Steve then. "I said
STARK: But let's just... Let's try not to
? Hey Cap, how's life, you doing okay, what's up, how are you doing these days, nice day today isn't it.
"What are you doing, Tony?"
," Tony muttered resentfully.
was important. His chest swelled, his heart skipped and danced, and it beat loudly in his ears. Because, disregarding everything else, all he could think was that Steve had had no light perception earlier, and now he evidently did, which could mean only one thing: he was getting better. Whatever had been wrong, his body was somehow repairing it. "Erskine, you fucking, lovely genius!" he blurted.
"That was even better now, wasn't it?" Tony asks, voice mechanical but soft. And Steve knows it even before Tony says it: "You can have the whole package again," Tony pronounces, and lifts his right gauntlet, slick with lube and glistening. He's showing Steve his first three fingers, holding his little one down with his thumb.
Tony: Without the meds?
Tony does come closer, then, sits down at the edge of the bed, curling one leg under him, in a position that is so unthinkingly
What else was Rogers
Tony: Have a good time and all that. Because I didn't say that earlier, did I?
Tony, sitting in a pub in Berlin, at this table, with bottles and glasses multiplying around him, a geometric progression. And the despair is overwhelming, and the tears won't stop, and he's staring at his own head enclosed in a black box on the table. Aloud, he says: "Why is this my life? What am I doing wrong?" But the words that are eating him up inside are 'Here's to saving the world... from me', and the Dream Steve, the one who is watching it all through Tony's eyes, is also crying in his sleep, and he's falling apart for Tony. And the real Tony (the one at the Compound, not the one at the table in a pub in Berlin; not the one
The device was big and it was clunky, and shit to look at. Was it going to work? Yes, probably. But was
Tony: Not because of my fears, but because I WANT to do something.
"Um, Mr. Stark?" said Pete. The boy was wearing a red T-shirt that read
He looked away. "Thank you for telling me," he said, aware he probably sounded a tad broken. Hated himself for it, because, despite all the newfound honesty, something in him protested – he couldn't let Steve know how
. Running headfirst into danger. Not without
"Let's see how this goes," Steve said in a neutral voice. "If it works out, I may ask you to do it a few more times."
Tony: You didn't want to inflict unnecessary pain.
, in any case. Steve was excited now, sure. Tony knew how unresolved tensions sometimes affected people. Steve and Tony were champions on that field; they would win any competition, any time. So, Steve got aggravated with him – big surprise there, eh? – and got jumped by a sudden case of anger turning into lust.
Tony: God, I hate people.
"I can't believe you're throwing
Tony realized he was staring at the slightly flattened lips; staring quite noticeably, probably. The lips were saying
Tony was not to be derailed. "Your feet aren't wet or something?"
that included the language processing centers in his brain was out of question right now. The best he could do was look away. Let himself stare into the screens for two seconds. Inconsequentially, he noticed he'd let go of the control stick at some point. He reached out and took hold of it, grabbed it as if he was going to tear it right out of the simulator. He felt his cheeks burning. Was it rage or embarrassment or disappointment – he had no idea. All he was aware of was his own searing hot skin. That was it. Just that.
. Steve knew Peter, they'd fought together. Steve had always
Had the gravity been stronger, the two of them wouldn't have been able to lift the debris off the guy, not without equipment. But, as it was, the gravitational field originating from the pilots' deck was weakened down here. It got weaker with the distance. It made their steps funny, bouncy. It also made the bulky, heavy wreckage easier to handle.
Tony thought.
He looked at her askance, and she just shrugged. "I'm not saying we
Tony: Get used to it, you ass.
the soup. Warm liquid will do you good before we start you on something more solid. I don't think we should hurry with that, though."
Oh, another gigolo joke. Steve never thought he would welcome those, but there you go. "Possibly both at this point," he said, quirking his lips. Technically, it could have been the truth. Some of the SHIELD agents after him were possibly married.
(Even more restless, all of a sudden. Pacing back and forth. Trying to read the book spines, but words not reaching further than his eyes.)
"Look," he said. "The point is, Pepper was going to go on a date with the guy – a perfect specimen, by the way, tall and blond – sorry – works with kids too, a real stand-up person. And if I did a little background check, who can blame me? He's going to be around my kid? In any case, my point here is, she told me about her big date, and I didn't feel any jealousy over it. Not a smidgeon. Zilch. So, that's your answer, I suppose."
This was the day after, colored by headache and nausea and his mouth tasting like cardboard and ash and shit.
Steve pushed his goggles up onto his forehead and gave him a sheepish look, for some reason. “Italy.”
Well, Tony could have done without the good Captain overhearing that last bit of inelegance.
Tony: Hey, you can't steal the triple dot fuckery! That's my form of expression.
"No, you know what, there must be a mistake. We certainly didn't want separate beds," Tony blurts, because he's irritated. "I want a super king size bed, if you have one."
Fury was frowning at Steve slightly as if he'd forgotten Steve was there. And Steve wasn't sure why he'd even said anything. Maybe he just wanted Tony to look at him for a moment. He wasn't a part of this conversation. How could he be? He was just a small town sheriff. When the civil war (the one after which Tony ended up melting down his guns) ended, Steve had still been too young. A space war he couldn't even begin to imagine. For him, a battle was what happened today; a town as a battlefield; two or three casualties. He didn't deal in wars and armies and legions of the dead.
"They're a telepathic race? They don't talk aloud?"
Tony: I may not be the best listener, but I can try.
"It sounds like a rom-com plot," Barnes was saying. He was sitting across the isle from Steve, and that was when Tony became aware of his presence. Shorter hair. A different metallic arm. A weird sense of comfortable companionship with a smidge of regret mixed in  (Tony
He arched an eyebrow at me and, without waiting for my answer, dug something out of the back of a drawer. The box was small when he stuffed it into my palm. It took me a moment to fumble it open.
They were dragging each other away; Tony couldn't rightly tell who was dragging whom. For anyone who didn't look too closely, they probably looked like two friends, walking arm in arm. Quite hurriedly, in a straight line, bumping against the dancers, not stopping to apologize – towards one of the ballroom exits. Out.
nervous."
Slowly, he became aware of Steve quietly shivering under his blanket. Tony huffed in irritation. He wanted to stalk over to him, but that didn't go as planned, so he just limped and hopped, as per usual. Unceremoniously, he dumped both his blankets over Steve. He didn't want them to look like a peace offering, definitely not. Okay, maybe a little bit. He muttered something in the vein of
"All right, then."
do it
I nodded.
"That's right, that doesn't matter," Pepper agreed. "I don't know, Tony, maybe you can browbeat Rhodey into it."
Tony pushed past him – not hard, but hard enough to let his irritation show – and started down the left-hand corridor. "Then stop wasting my fucking time,
Coming to, with Tony's warm, taut limbs wrapped around him seemed like a dream, so much so that Steve kept thinking it
"Do you actually know what I will do next?" I asked, spurred on by a bout of curiosity and something Bruce had told me about her.
Tony: Meds may be a good option.
Tony: Well, that makes one of us, then.
“It’s
; it wasn't a
Tony: The government has a full-sized hulk all their own now, if they want him. Together with a number of smaller experimental ones. Which... oh joy.
Tony opened his eyes to glance at him, and Steve propped himself up, leaning on an elbow, looking down into his face.
"Tony Stark's dealing with the side engines," Steve said quickly. "Thor's off to check what's going on in the dorms, he'll come over here soon enough too."
Tony was speaking softly, non-threateningly and
Tony gapes at him, but Steve's hand finds its merry way right into Tony's back pocket
heard that story or some version of it? He wondered if he should just ignore the asshole – Rhodey would – but  this was Hammer, and he woke the worst of Tony's impulses.
been looked over?"
like what had happened in the flight simulator. Still, the memory of
I nod, so that he'd have an excuse to fuss with plates and bread and things while he figures out what he wants to say to me. Because I can see he wants to say something.
He nodded numbly. "I understand." His face was closing up, and suddenly I didn't want to begin to
?" Tony says. "Oh, wow. I'm jealous."
The feel of Steve's lips was like a sunburn on Tony's skin, still there when the man pulled away. His arms were a fleeting promise of warmth as they encircled Tony, and held him tightly, tightly, like the warmest of comforters, and then, too soon, they disappeared.
"I don't really think..."
Tony forced himself to stop and breathe for a moment. He took another look around, took in what he was seeing.
"Hm?"
Tony: Are we touching upon kitchenware again?
Steve shrugged. A good question. He had his doubts about the answer, but he was determined not to jump to any conclusions.
As he slowly pulls his pants down, he's already fully erect, pulsing and beautiful and itching for a touch. Tony would swallow him whole, excruciatingly slow, if only he could.
"Couldn't miss the festivities in the old country," Thor replied. "I overheard the rear end of your conversation, Iron Man," he added. "I would be pleased to be your escort as the introductions are being made, if you wish."
Tony hesitated. "You were being jealous, weren't you?"
It could be a malfunction, of course – what brand were these suits, anyway? As soon as the readings had flickered to life, Tony could see the quality was crap. But no, of course there would be fire somewhere ahead. There are no good catastrophes without a fire.
And right now, as they shook hands – very properly – it was the same as with those stupid messages. Tony had no idea what Steve thought, what Steve felt. For a moment there, as his hand lay in Steve's, Tony thought Steve was going to cover it with his left too, and...
having fun.” He gestured at Tony with both hands, apparently unconscious of what he was doing. “Of course I am. I’m having a great time.”
Poke. Prod. Observe. Repeat.
Tony: Trying to coerce you into playing chess with me?
"We all went through a lot," Steve retorted quietly. He seemed to be better able to focus while talking to Tony. Noted.
The darkness in Steve’s eyes was a reward in itself. “Hell yes,” the man growled, and Tony felt the words reverberate through his groin.
another
Thor gave him another piercing look, compressed his lips for a moment and shook his head.
Tony: I get it.
And so they were back into the safe, familiar territory of banter and bickering, but now it seemed more solid, less shaky, as if their talk had meant something after all, as if it could lead somewhere.
He couldn't stop thinking about his last conversation with Captain Rogers – their only actual conversation, really. Rogers had seemed very human, and almost sweet at one point. They
"...different," Tony supplied with a private half-smile. "But no, I kind of do like it. Makes you look scruffy." There, he'd managed to say something halfway normal to him.
I'd have expected her to be more suspicious of me, I guess. Perhaps shapeshifting enemies don't cry with joy at seeing her, these days?
, now would have been a good time.
to you, each one of you, is that... that Steve... that Steve Rogers and the others are trying to act in the best interest of the common people too. To protect the little man. The weak and the helpless. Never out of desire for power. Never for politics. Just to... to prevent a greater evil. As they see it. And they usually
Feather-light, he lets his fingertips slide up and down Steve's now fully hard shaft, and it's crazy, it's excruciating. Steve squirms, needs more pressure, more friction. He's on the edge of what he wants and he's still not getting it. He humps up into Tony's hands, almost involuntarily, but meets only air; frustration spikes in him; and it's sweet. Then it's back to the fleeting, fluttering metal fingertips again, the want building ever higher. Then Tony's thumb catches against the edge of the head, more roughly. A quick, sharp squeeze of the balls, a tug, a twist – Steve draws in a sharp breath as a mixture of pleasure and pain shoots up his cock like an electric impulse and he bucks up again, which just makes the tugging worse. And then, quick as a lightning, and pressing
Tony: Oh, man! Funny!
But Tony had darker days too. Days when he thought it was all bullshit, and as time went by and nothing happened, dark days came more and more often. Tony kept thinking about Steve more and more – how patient he was, and solid, and competent (competence was
Which... wasn't fair, since, strictly speaking, there wasn't any real towering, going on, and the same went for yelling. Not
Am I all right? How could I be all right? I  nodded automatically in response to his question, though. "Just surprised."
He nodded towards a styrofoam cup in the cup warmer. "There's still about half a coffee in there if you want. Stale, obviously, but it's warm. I promise I don't have a cold or anything."
Tony: You are probably right about all of it.
Tony doesn't give a shit about the umbrella.
He pulled a small table over, put the mug down. "Wait for a little while, it's still hot," he warned, playacting normalcy even though his throat was horribly tight.
there.
Her touch on my cheek surprised me. It felt more as if she was flicking away a breadcrumb than anything else, but for a moment it was there, and it felt solicitous if you squinted. She said, "You're tired. I understand that, you know. I'm tired too." It sounded brisk and matter-of-fact. "Tell me, Captain, what would you want? If you had a choice?"
Tony: I'm just, if this is being shut down, I want to do something about it. I've had enough of being sidelined. I need to do something. And not just uncensor the vid. Something real.
go, not now and not ever, because that wasn't who Steve Rogers was, and that was all there was to it, really. The warmth in his chest made his breath hitch.
Vipers were small, single-pilot spacecrafts, a primary means of defense and attack on the larger battleship, and right now most of them were in good repair and standing idle.
“Yeah,” Tony whispered. The rest of what he was going to say got drowned in a gasp when Steve rotated hips his again, touching all new spots, lighting them afire.
Steve gave him a sharp look, compressed his lips. He too seemed to be teetering on the edge of patience. "You're untested; you've barely been through training. There is no way I'm taking a new recruit with me."  Cap wasn't used to this. He was used to having real, trained soldiers at his command, to giving orders and having them followed. Understandable, that. So was, in a way, Tony.
Steve didn't back down. "I mean why. Why do you need the serum suppressant?" He did the reproachful eyebrows thing. Tony hated the reproachful eyebrows thing.
Don't you insult my music player!" After a moment of struggling with entangled cable, he extended one earphone to Tony while he put the other to his own ear. "Wait a sec. I wanted to play this for you anyway."
And then Steve's mouth is on his own, and without a second's thought, Tony parts his lips, and suddenly he tastes Steve's tongue, hungry and hot, and the kiss vibrates with wanting, and it feels
Tony: So I see you are now using Wanda for support in battle situations instead, yeah? How's that working out?
. That was what made the game interesting. It was just like these night time conversation, the game. If two weren't playing it together, if they weren't doing the dance, then it wasn't fun any more. He wanted a response, a feedback, not to badger at someone who felt mildly nauseated by his efforts.
Tony: That pretty much sums it up, yeah.
She refuses to explain, and Steve is inclined to think she knows more than she's saying. He is not sure he trusts her, but Tony seems to. The only thing she's willing to say on the subject is that it was a bad idea from the start and, "New plan!"
Through the drumming of his heart in his ears, Tony heard himself say: “I actually found butter in the kitchen, can you imagine?” His voice sounded a bit quivery, even to him, but he soldiered on. “And there’s a toast fork. But it looks more like a trophy weapon than anything else. Also, toasting bread over open flame seems like your idea of fun, so if you’d like some toast...” He waved towards the fireplace. At the same time, almost frantically, Tony reviewed the conversation from the past two minutes, because he must have said something, and what could he have said that Steve could interpret as... Oh.
." He swallows. " 'Parenthesis'."
," Tony said decisively to the woman, who arched her eyebrows at this breech of protocol.
Tony: What, do I really need to say it twice?
That night, Steve really wanted to stop feeling things. Tony Stark was brilliant and that made Steve want to go hurl himself into a white giant. For the first time in his military career, he actually had to review the fraternization rules.
– it was his Microsoft Zune.
By the expression on Strange's face I know he knows I'll accept. Maybe my eyes grow a bit brighter. Maybe my back is a tad straighter. I do feel like I've lost a couple of pounds off my shoulders.
Which was when he thought he felt someone's gaze on him. It prickled at the back of his scull like a mosquito. He glanced back.
would have been more accurate, but no one could really be bothered to say all of the words any more. Of course the full name had to be that long, of
Steve allows himself to discover a glint of happiness, somewhere inside. He knows he'll be punished for that.
If only, eh.
Tony: But you did plenty by capturing the serum. What happened to it, by the way? Hopefully you destroyed it? Also, I have to say that Madripoor makes way more sense now.
Steve seemed uncomfortable, but, then again, Steve always seemed uncomfortable in crowds, if you knew the tells. His spine was as straight as one of Clint's arrows, and by the appearance of it, way stiffer. And there was this little twitch of the hand, as if he wanted to rub the back of his neck, in confusion, in doubt, but decided against it. His gaze unwavering, he was staring directly at Tony, as if he expected something from him. Tony had no idea what. He longed for an excuse to touch Steve again – brush an invisible speck of dust from his shoulder, straighten his perfectly straight lapel –
"About an hour ago. Boss, according to your readings, you should try and rehydrate."
Tony: There are pieces of him still inside Dummy, did you know?  I tend to re-use parts.
Not that Tony would answer, anyway.
One evening I had an especially hard time of it. He was sitting pressed against my side, with my arm around his shoulders. I could smell his hair and I'd turned my head slightly to the side so that it would tickle my nose. That was the closest I dared come to touching my lips to the top of his head, which was what I actually wanted to do. I was giddy with his closeness and warmth, so much so that my head swam and I couldn't connect the dots of my own thoughts. I noticed I was rubbing his shoulder with my thumb, softly. He was relaxed against me, molten, tired from the day. His glasses had slipped down his nose and I knew he couldn't be bothered to put them back up. He raised his eyes then, tilting his face towards mine to tell me something, but all I could think about was the movement of his lips. I wasn't going to say anything – I was
It couldn't work. How could it?
He frowned, mildly incredulous. At least it snapped him out of the funk he'd been in. "Why would I be
, as Tony put it; Steve had bristled at that a bit.
Because, that was the point, really. That was why Steve had asked to see him, that was why Tony said yes. Talk. Tony glared at the man. Perhaps undeservedly, but suddenly he was angry. It was easier that way. Anger was easier than the cold dread that had been snacking on him like a woodworm ever since they'd agreed on the arrangement. "I can't talk," he repeated somewhat viciously and stepped forward, as if to block the way.
– urine reached his nostrils. Well, that was... new. And mildly disgusting. Nimbly, he jumped over a puddle.
When you are together for forty years, you have good days and bad days. Hell, you get good years and bad years. I remember the year eight as being particularly hellish. We first bickered and then fought so much that we started outright avoiding each other. Tony would hide in his workshop. I would go for walks, and volunteer, and paint outside, anything just to be somewhere else. I thought we were done for sure; we were drifting apart. And what left me feeling most defeated was that I still loved him, I loved him just as fiercely as ever. It was just that I couldn't stand his presence for some reason, and he couldn't stand mine. We'd always known how to hurt each other best, how to hit where it really stung. But whatever we said during the day... come evening, I couldn't go to bed without washing his favorite mug first, so that he could have it in the morning. No matter how angry I was, I still wanted him to have his stupid mug, so that he knew I loved him. I knew he loved me back, too. He would sneak into our bed late, very late at night, and snuggle up to my back and whisper it to me because he thought I was asleep. That was our pattern. Nights were okay. Nights kept me going. Then, at some point, things started changing for the better. I can't even say how or why. Marriage has its own fluctuations, its rhythm, its ups and downs, and all you can do is keep
Still, goading Steve doesn't seem like such a great idea any longer. His own actions make Tony feel a bit queasy, even, now that he makes himself think about t. He's done with this farce, he's going to do better. He's going to be a normal human being for once, and stop pushing, and hope this weekend is over fast. Maybe the mission turns out interesting, in the end. Or maybe someone kindly shoots him in the head and puts a stop to all this.
"You like that, eh?" Tony says, but not to himself this time. It seems to be a regular question, so Steve nods.
Cap nodded once for good measure. "Now, where's Chief Darryl, do you know?"
Reed couldn't resist a good puzzle, though. Tony watched him as he thumbed through the pages, his face changing from a frown into an expression of, at first, interest, and then quiet fascination. "This", he said, tapping his forefinger on the tablet hard and repeatedly (which made Tony wince internally), "this is very interesting."
Tony: oh really you cna't
"You're selling yourself short," Natasha observed coolly, and it didn't sound like a compliment at all. "It's easier that way, you know."
, he corrected himself, peevishly). So did Steve, falling abruptly silent. The sound lasted for a few seconds only, and then the high pitched whine was back with a vengeance. The dull thuds resounded again. Tony swore.
finding his way through the damned forest when he spotted a car parked by the roadside. For miles around there was nothing but trees, the car lights were turned off, and it was freezing outside – so cold that he had to struggle to keep panic at bay, despite the serum and the very warm winter jacket of Old Red Kelley. He just wanted to be home, in his room, huddled under a couple of dusty blankets, with the space heater turned up as high as it would go. But something could be wrong with the car, there might be someone in need of help in there, and he couldn't just walk by. He was still Steve Rogers, even though he was done using that name for good. It wasn't even a question.
Steve turned the smile on him and almost made Tony lose his footing.
spend some time together whenever Peter was on Earth – which was not often, but still. They made time to just
"I apologize," he heard Rogers say. He'd never sounded so much as if he had a stick up his ass. "Please finish the exercise. I'll review it later."
, Steve thinks. It's not so much the thickness itself. If he bunched them together, they aren't that much thicker than a cock, maybe, coming to think about it. But it feels vastly different when it's hard and made of metal. And still,
Tony: Oh, Steve.
Tony: You should at least try them. You don't even know how they work. Give my imaginary meds a chance, come on.
I saw nothing was going to slow him down for more than two seconds, now, he was in that mode, so I just followed him.
"Steve?" Tony almost chickens out, but he feels it's now or never. There's nothing left to lose. "I did fail. I'm still failing. Big time. Maybe I should stop trying, altogether."
He’d have expected Steve to be a relaxed sleeper, like big people tended to be, to sprawl over the bed in all his length, arms and legs everywhere. The first (and the last) time they’d shared a bed, at Clint’s, Tony had woken up in the middle of the night, only to find Steve curled tightly around his own midsection in a corner of the bed, muttering in his sleep. Tony now opened his right eye and peeked. Steve was in the same fetal position, both palms pressed tightly together and tucked under his left cheek. The blanket was bunched around his middle. He was facing Tony, frowning in his sleep, face slightly scrunched up. Curled up as he was, there was something deeply anxious about his appearance.
And then he remembered that, while Steve was emitting a shitton of Berger waves, Tony was emitting considerably less, and he didn't know if Steve was receiving any of his at all. So, basically, he had no idea if Steve was aware of the way Tony felt at all. And an old impulse to
Tony: If you could get trashed, you'd be doing it too.
"Oh, he loved you," I said without a moment left of doubt. "I know he loved you because
"Much less than he is. But yes. Yep."
"Oh," Natasha said, "Some." She lay back down and started the next series. So did Steve without giving it much thought. Exercise always helped clear his mind, but now it served mostly as an excuse to keep the damned thing empty for a while.
"You should tell him.. He's a good guy, Tony. I think he really is. It's just..." Peter leaned to him conspiratorially, tapped his temple with his forefinger twice. "I think he's really thick skulled when it comes to certain matters."
The nervous energy coursing through Steve was pure torment. Tony had gone to bed. Steve got up and folded the blankets the man had left behind. Set them neatly down on a tabouret. Checked the fire again (it still didn't need any more wood added). The room was finally getting pleasantly warm – so much so that the fleece hoodie was becoming torturous, so Steve stripped to his wicking undershirt.
Tony: I love you.
and to be sure it's
Tony: Are you okay? What's going on?
Still, Tony's knuckles lingering on his cheek, and that soft, intense look in his eyes – Steve knew he hadn't been imagining that. And then they dried and fed the dog together as if they'd been doing such things every day for years. They were comfortable next to each other, without much need for words to understand what they needed to do. And okay, it was toweling a dog dry, not saving the world, but it was... something.
. Only sometimes he would get chills. Afterwards. Tony’s thing seemed more abrupt, more violent. And Steve wanted to understand, he needed to. He wanted to know
He knew he wasn't really skilled with words. Braced for the likely outcome, he left the message. Already, he missed so many people in his life; he knew what to do with that, it was almost a special skill set. Loss was an old friend. He could wrap himself in it, keep it close to his heart and make it his armor. It wouldn't be the first time.
Tony: And if I say try not to beat yourself up about it, well, it's not going to help any because you're going to do it nevertheless.
These ropes would be a bit uncomfortable for Steve, perhaps, but not really bad; ditto for the handcuffs. The most of the bondage gear available wouldn't damage him. Tony stares at the collection.
, Steve.”
Tomorrow morning he emerged rough-haired and wild-eyed, so I of course figured he hadn't gotten any sleep. I'd just been cooking some eggs for breakfast, hoping to trick the sick feeling in my stomach into thinking it was just hunger. I'd woken up, alone in the penthouse, and started thinking it had been a mistake to come here, and how Tony surely didn't want me to stay.
pretty ruthless, but she's also very attached to Tony.
writing a romance novel."
Tony knew desperation when he saw it, even in a text message. He knew panic. He knew how it could be when people
Tony shrugged blithely. "He's just worried that I'm picking up ripped young highlanders by the roadside... Although I got a feeling the only heights you saw until recently were Brooklyn Heights, am I right?"
That was that, pretty much.
). Tony felt the warmth in his groin, felt himself start to get hard, from the closeness, from the anger. (The righteous, avenging cock, getting ready for the battle, he thought inconsequentially, and wanted to laugh but didn't).
Sitting on the edge of the desk, Captain made the piece of furniture appear even smaller than it was. It seemed his legs stretched for miles and miles. He was close, and so very human, right then. It would be so easy to just reach out and touch him.
Tony: Jupiter's sixth moon.
Tony: I had to deflect the PR crisis that was Lagos and to put out the political fire. No one else was doing it!
The men in the cell and in the lab had been caught by surprise. But these ones – these ones came
Tony: No, I know. And I badly needed to hear it, I think.
Tony: Christ, don't apologize, for fuck's sake. Not for that.
It didn't have to be a
He stopped listening because there was Steve, standing like a boulder near the exit, like a warning sign, like a beacon. The waves of leaving guests were washing against him and around him, but he just stood there, unseeing. And Tony didn't look directly at him, he couldn't, he couldn't, because all he wanted was to be there with him, and also to shake him and yell, "Why the hell couldn't you have just loved me?". That would go awesomely, yep. And in the end Steve looked so lonely that Tony almost went and talked to him, about nothing at all, just babbling to drown out the sadness. But he steeled his heart and looked away and hugged Rhodey and hugged Carol and laughed and joked as loud as he could.
Steve frowns up at him. "That's not what I was talking about."
Tony: I think, when I say things like the ones you pointed out. I think that's how I show you I'm aware of it, aware of the way I am, since everyone else is probably aware of it. And I don't know how else to acknowledge it.
"Did he ask you to intervene?" Because he wanted to play at being a pilot, Steve thought.
They sank into a comfortable silence, and Steve let his mind wonder for a while. Then: "Nat. What did you think of Stark, though?"
The soft sounds of breathing  on the bed beside him messed up the percentage, though. (And fuck you, Schrödinger!). (But, honestly, fuck peace and quiet too.)
Tony: Nah. Some internal security nonsense.
talk about how Tony just tackled him, pushing him into the shit he’d spent seventy years in.
Ever since he woke up in the SHIELD headquarters and zipped out as if the furies were after him, Steve's life had felt surreal. He'd been on the run since. Without any money and papers it had been a whole load of fun. No, not
Steve scrutinized him for a moment. Then: “Stress.” (As if he’d made an actual discovery, Tony thought.) Steve leaned against the bookcase, that didn’t even creak in protest. It seemed to like him. “I’ve,” he went on, “known people to do things to themselves, when they needed to vent – I mean, far worse than take a stim and go skiing,” he observed, almost to himself.
"What's more urgent right now, the wall sprinklers or the air purifiers. What are you
"It's a big, stupid gooddamn pooch," Tony added to get his mind off of other things. The poor thing had looked so lost and alone, out there in the dark, not to mention half-dead, to boot. Tony immediately felt guilty for not coming for it sooner. "Found him not far from your ice-hole. Nearly dead in the snow. We don't know if he's going to make it, by the way, so please don't get attached."
he thought. So, he was friends with his pilots, was he? That wasn't something Tony had expected, judging from appearances.
Tony: Oh?
"You'll notice I haven't given you a direct order," Fury said dryly.
, and he shuddered, grabbed onto Steve’s shoulder for comfort if there is such a thing as seeking comfort from too intense a pleasure. And then they were back at the entrance. One jabbed lightly at it, probed, slid in up to the first knuckle without too much trouble. The sheer feeling of being touched on the inside, after so much time, of
Stark's face changed. He barely waited until they stepped outside the briefing room, out of the others' hearing. "I screwed up," he stated. "Didn't I? I should shut up, shouldn't I?"
when a thug tried to go for Steve's legs. And Steve listened and adapted like he'd been doing it his whole life.
"Okay, okay," he muttered to himself.
Tony: listen Steve,
His injured ankle throbbed, keeping time with his heartbeat.
Steve tries to struggle up from his knees and sags to the ground instead. He doesn't remember ever feeling quite this week ever since the serum.
it; and he wanted Steve
to, and he has to screw it up by lashing out? He wanted to reverse it, erase it. Once in his life ignore a burn and just move on. He wanted to plan! He wanted to know how Steve had got caught, and what he was doing in this part of the world anyway, and what he saw on his way in, while he still could see anything. The number of attackers. The lay of the land.
Tony: Are you kidding? They are lovely. So exquisite.
Tony: Oh, god.
, his thoughts added, cruelly, and he felt his chest ice over. "I gotta go check the engine, because apparently no one else is doing it."
So, he was going to give Tony an opportunity to open up if he wanted to, and if not, Steve wasn't going to pressure him.
Tony: Okay then.
be a mortal wound, what
Steve frowns. "You know, sometimes I can't even tell if you're joking." And then, before Tony can reply: "Would it be so terrible, though? Having... having some kind of sex with me?"
Steve's heart fell. Hope fled, the fickle beast that it was, to be replaced by... anger? No, resigned frustration would be a more accurate description, perhaps. Tony had left him to wait, and then, for the first time, he actually
Tony: No. I'm going to come over. To Wakanda. Right now. Give me a couple of hours. All right? Are you going to be okay in the meantime. Go be with Nat, okay?
"I think it's been bricked up on this side."
But Steve was smiling at him. It made Tony appreciate the snowflakes and the thick blanket of silence that lay over everything and even the stupid postcard town with the stupid postcard decorations. It all looked quite lovely, really.
"We're still waiting for someone," he said, averting the crisis for now.
"Normal person weak," Steve decided after a moment's thought. "Or – not exactly. I get these bouts of the old strength, but I get tired really quickly. And then I stay that way.” He tapped his finger on his knee. Twice. "Are we going anywhere with this?"
This... could be a disaster, he knows that, every fact points towards that. Being left here, handcuffed and naked, on his back, to wait and wait and wait, probably wouldn't be the worst possible option, even. He's left the key on the bedside table, and honestly, he could probably break the handcuffs. He could
this? He didn't. It was so clear all of a sudden, and there was something like a guillotine cutting straight through Tony's midriff.
the man, ever. And feeling like that was all right. But then Steve had gone and put his hand on Tony's and gazed into his eyes, and it was way, way too much. Steve realized that now. As soon as Tony got half a chance to step back, he did. Steve just couldn't find the middle road, it seemed. It was either missed opportunities or coming on way too hard. Up to that point, he'd thought it was going so well, but in all honesty? He should have expected this. This was Tony Stark. What would he want with some guy he picked up on a country road? So, he'd opened up a bit, so what? People did that with strangers, sometimes, when they were unsettled or sad. They unloaded; then they went on with their lives, afterwards, as if nothing had happened. They most certainly weren't looking for someone to hold hands with.
He and Steve stared into each other's eyes. It was perfect, in a painful, chest-exploding way.
It took Steve all of two seconds to get into action. It was a sight for sore eyes, really, to see him moving around briskly, once again focused, once again himself. He just needed something to do, evidently. The guy's about to go down with hypothermia? Oh, simply give him some dishes to do, he'll be fine again in a moment. An animal to save? Even better. He was in an out of the bathroom, bringing some of Tony's towels. "You're the one who dragged him home," Steve threw back lightly."
” Tony said, but it was more for show than anything else, because the pain took a mere seconds to turn into a yummy ache in his gut. He reveled in the feeling of fullness, of being thoroughly stretched around Steve. And Steve seemed to read him better now. He rotated his hips once, vigorously. His eyebrows danced for a moment. Then he came down to rest on his elbows, staring down into Tony’s face.
THE END
promise you that. Thank you. Thank you for listening.
"I..." Steve sighed. "I know that."
When Cylons struck, Tony had been on his way from the planet Virgon to the planet Caprica, for a meeting with the relatively new council of the Twelve Colonies, regarding industrial support of the war effort. So was – to Tony's unending woe and amusement – Justin Hammer, who imagined himself to be the greatest rival of the Stark Industries. No one had sent a memo to the Stark Industries about that particular fact, though.
, although he claimed to have gained some minor knowledge of joint dislocation during the war. And yet, and
Steve had to go and spoil it, of course.
this, he'd be hurt, and if he was just being friendly, he'd... he'd...
As Steve had put it earlier,
Another block in the corridor, and Steve wasn't paying the necessary attention. He pulled at a piece of engine and a whole wall panel crashed down onto the floor beside him. He jumped to the side, barely avoiding it.
Tony: Aw, come on. France agrees with everyone.
was what he got from Tony's blabbering.
Tony inclines his head, just a tad. Lets out a tiny: "Huh." Then takes the nubbin of Steve's nipple between his forefinger and thumb – Steve would be fascinated by the minuscule precision of the armor, he really would, if only he wasn't this shivery, this nervy, this lightheaded all of a sudden. Tony squeezes a little, almost gently, and then, smoothly, he twists. It's not cruel, it's not even really painful, but a cocktail of sensation shoots through Steve, straight to his gut, straight to his cock, and it makes him gasp sharply.
He hears shifting, and splashing, and the rail shakes for a second, and then Tony opens his eyes and Steve is on Tony's side of it. He's not touching Tony, but he's looking at him – Tony can't read that look, but just looking into Steve's eyes makes his heart jump into his throat. He wishes he were better at reading Steve. The water from the umbrella is dripping directly onto Steve's head, but Steve seems not to notice.
"Hey, Bigfoot," Tony said, "you okay out there?"
He stilled, and stayed like that. "Not really." The infinite sadness hiding somewhere deep in his tone almost undid me.
And then there was that one time, and there were the two of them, and there was Thor; alcohol and certain Norse deities weren't bad, as social glue goes... The problem was, after that, in absence of either component, it was too easy to just backslide. And – as he was seriously beginning to think now – maybe it wasn't backsliding at all. Maybe it all didn't mean what Tony hoped it meant in the first place.
“Aw shit,” said Clint, feeling his feelings aflutter.
Around a mouthful of bagel, Thor said, “She’s terrifying.”
Pepper raised a single, judgemental eyebrow but her voice was all smiles as she said, “Hello, you two. I saw the makeover you gave to Killian Court.” Her lips twitched, “Might I suggest a few less scorch marks next time.”
Tony flapped a hand at them, trying to shush them as Pepper came around the corner into sight. Her mouth was arched angrily downwards but she was carrying a large tray of coffee and a bag smelling deliciously of bagels.
Only his workshop was left untouched. It was a smaller space adjoining his bedroom that had traditionally been used as a play area. His father figured that if he wanted to play with toys then Tony ought to learn to make them himself, and so he did.
Tony was drunk. Tony was very, very drunk.
Steve stiffened and stopped trying to retreat. “Nothing out of the ordinary I’m certain.”
But off course he couldn’t keep storming off forever. He reluctantly came to a halt at a red light with Steve standing just far enough away to not be intrusive, letting Tony have his space. The thoughtfulness was infuriating.
She stopped in front of their ragtag, sleep deprived, grass-stained group, the coffee and food held just out of reach, “Tell me why you crazy lot deserve coffee.”
“Multi-model area vector,” came Jane’s voice from Thor’s thighs.
“It’s already tomorrow,” Pepper pointed out.
This time, Tony just bought the whole building. The next day, Jane and Thor and Bruce moved in.
“What the hell?!”
A month later, Pepper moved into the room next to Rhodey’s in Tony’s apartment.
“I’ll tell them it was my idea - that you tried to stop me,” Tony said, tentatively.
Tony glanced nervously over at Bruce who looked like he had just died and gone to heaven. “Dr. Foster?” Bruce asked, the slightest bit breathless.
Groggily, Tony heard loud cursing, and then felt gentle hands heave him upright.
Sure, he had hit on Natasha but he had kept his hands to himself and his eyes on her face. And when he had asked Natasha to dance, Clint actually heard her laugh; a real laugh, not one of her fake, reel-em in and skewer them kind of laughs.
It was a Millenium Problem of the Clay Mathematics Institute but neither of them cared about the prize money or for that matter, the math. They were an engineer and a biochemist and they were going to solve it with Science. And once they’d solved it, they would have a predictive model for the waves that followed a boat, the turbulence following a jet, or more specifically the waves generated by a person hurtling through the air in a suit of armor (for research purposes of course).
Besides, he was pretty sure this was all his fault anyway. Tony had been a job, and a fairly easy job at that. Infiltrate a party, grab a couple of fingerprints, steal some money from people who certainly didn’t need it. But of course, Clint had had to go and get his feelings involved.
“But then the torque - ah hell no.”
Tony was a hoarder. What he couldn’t make himself, he had enough money to buy. He fancied himself something of a dragon and enjoyed picturing himself sitting jealousy on his hoard, hissing steam and shooting rockets from his wrists.
Pepper smiled and her heels clicked elegantly as she walked away.
Blushing, Tony turned to look at his friends, comfortable and happy in the space he had made for them. He felt a grin on his face and laughed as he ran to jump on top of the Thor cuddle pile. Clint squawked as he ducked out of the way of Tony’s knees and elbows.
Rhodey turned to glare at him, “Shut up. You would’ve blown yourself up if it wasn’t for me.”
But Natasha was just realizing that, no, she didn’t actually want to break him. Granted, she’d still wrangle Tony into helping them. But after all this was over she’d need to take a good hard look at herself; she wasn’t sure when she had turned into such a sap. She blamed Clint. It was always a safe bet to blame Clint.
“Please tell me you didn’t break my car”
*****
She hummed a bit distractedly, “Anything interesting?”
Two pairs of eyes swiveled to look at him and alcohol burned in his throat as Tony realized that some of that must of slipped out. Ears burning angrily, he slammed his glass down on the table and headed towards the door before Howard could start in on a lecture.
That’s how Tony found himself hovering four feet in the air, covered head to toe in sensors and monitors, in his first pair of armored boots and gauntlets and a prototype propulsion system. Bruce was grinning ear-to-ear as Tony whooped and flew around the lab, as high as the ceiling would let him.
“Holy shit!”
Jane was unmoved, “I told you I can’t have people coming in and out of the tent, not while I’m still collecting data. Too much movement could interfere with the readings.”
He wasn’t drunk on alcohol; Pepper and Rhodey, Natasha and Clint, had all been steadily weaning him off. Hiding his bottles, shoving him in front of a particularly interesting problem when his throat felt parched, protecting him from the worst of the socialites and status seekers who still believed his fortune and success was all thanks to his father.
“Right. I don’t know if any of you deserve this coffee. It’s going to be a nightmare just to convince the Dean not the kick you all out.”
Tony rolled his eyes and made gagging noises until Rhodey elbowed him in the ribs.
Tony crowed triumphantly, pumping an uncoordinated fist in the air “And then the turbines!”
And then his father took that away too.
Clint liked Tony. And Clint was a shitty judge in character but he was charming as hell and latched on like a leech. He could break open even the coldest of hearts with his huge puppy dog eyes and clumsy displays of affection; she would know. Clint pulled her ass out of hell and she’d been stuck with that tirefire of a human being ever since.
*****
Rhodey and Pepper went on their first date that weekend.
Natasha always thought of herself as a fairly reasonable person. One who made realistic life choices with rational plans with which to follow through. The problem was, she had terrible friends who made terrible decisions and she loved them terribly much.
“We’ve got jet boots -”
He looked up and smiled wanly at Tony, “Ah, you must be Howard’s son.”
And he gave Clint a tip! Granted he was kind of a terrible waiter but still, no one else gave him a tip. Let alone a hundred dollar tip, the money grubbing bastards. But Tony gave a tip to everyone: the waitstaff and the valets, the bartenders and the caterers and the janitors. Everyone.
Pepper tapped her heel sharply against the floor, “And what of the other students? The ones who can no longer get to their classrooms, you would have them sit in smoke filled rooms? Deprive other of their education in pursuit of your own goals?”
Steve tried to take a modest step back but Tony clung to him unrepentantly and smiled, “In my defense, the building was already on fire before we got there.”
Thor sighed, glancing at Tony’s boots, “But I brought you a present.”
Thor shrugged the one shoulder Bruce wasn’t using as a pillow, “No lives were lost, no warriors injured, is that not all we should be thankful for?”
Tony practically threw himself out the front door, arms pinwheeling as he tripped down the front steps and caught himself against the hood of a car. It was blessedly cool against his flaming hot cheeks and he was painfully grateful that it saved him from a face full of pavement.
“Er.”
---  Bruce and Thor and Jane  ---
Tony felt his lip automatically curl up in his patented media smirk and he dropped himself carelessly into a chair, flinging his arms out and his legs wide. “The one and only,” he said, and waved down a waiter to order a glass of scotch.
Tony’s head pounded angrily at him and his finger wavered as the guy seemed to multiply, his voice strangely echoey as the ground tilting dangerously around him. “Huh,” Tony said as he proceeded to throw up on the guy’s shoes.
---  Steve (and Tony)  ---
Tony picked up a wrench and eased open the hood.
Jane, who had her feet tucked up on the couch, under Bruce’s  calves, asked, “Is he going to move into your bedroom? Or another apartment?”
Pepper scowled and crossed her arms, “That in no way makes any of this better.”
Clint didn’t know he he ended up here.
Tony wanted to be cold. He wanted to be cold and angry and hurt. But Steve had seemed painfully out of place this whole evening and painfully aware of his own awkwardness. While Tony had gotten steadily more drunk, Steve had had to dodge his father’s manipulations on his own. Tony couldn’t hardly blame Steve for the mess his father made.
The day after Tony bailed them out of jail, Tony bought apartments one floor down from his own and within the week, Clint and Natasha had moved in.
Tony was not lonely.
The guy shrugged, unrepentant. “People see what they want to see. And those who truly understand what she’s got under the hood, well, those are few and far between.”
They didn’t even make it past the horderves.
A guy stood over him, looking distinctly unimpressed. “What have you been doing to my car, kid?”
Steve’s shoulders got stiffer and stiffer as he declined each offer.
“Oh,” Tony smiled and snuggled back down into Clint’s hug, happy, “Then I guess he’s already moved in.”
“Holy shit.”
“Ho there, young men!”
Rhodey stared at her like a besotted idiot.
“But Jane,” Thor whined, heartbroken and abandoned.
“Forced induction system!”
Tony kept walking. His hands were freezing and he had to grit his teeth to keep them from chattering. From the corner of his eye he could see Steve’s long legs easily keeping pace and resisted the urge to speed up.
“I like her,” Jane said, as she carefully wiped at Bruce’s chin with a napkin.
He allowed himself a moment to catch his breath and let the world stop spinning. His brain came online and details of the car started trickling in.
*****
Tony’s grin was manic. “Aw hell yes!”
“Hey!” Bruce said, his voice muffled by Thor’s muscular chest, “I solved for the heat quotient.”
The man straightened his already ridiculously straight shoulders and carefully smoothed out the fine linen tablecloth with his large, calloused hands. “Are you old enough to drink?” he asked, disapproving.
Bruce and Jane squaked in protest but Pepper ignored them, her sharp gaze on Tony, “Prize money you say?”
Rhodey sat up ramrod straight, “Miss Potts, it’s nice to see you again.”
Off balance, vomited on, with armfuls of a drunk, incoherent child, Rhodey looked inside the hood of the car he had been working on for the past five months.
Tony grinned. “Yeah, the only reason the freshman auditorium is still standing is thanks to this killjoy,” he said, jerking his thumb towards a mortified looking Rhodey. “He confiscated my liquid nitrogen. The guy deserves a medal or a trophy, some kind of reward for saving the day.”
Bruce smiled shyly at her and she smiled back, pulling him so they both could lean against Thor’s broad chest.
He had Pepper and Rhodey, steady as a rock on fire, who’d put up with his disaster much longer than could be expected of anyone reasonably sane. Natasha and Clint were nowhere near sane but their history had history and you couldn’t tear them apart if you tried. Jane and Thor were like mythical beings, so disgustingly cute they could blind you. And Bruce was perfectly fine not tying his rope to anyone but he seemed happy enough to turn to Jane and Thor for cuddles.
Bruce nodded in agreement, coffee dripping down his chin.
It was just supposed to be a routine kind of job but the problem was: Tony wasn’t just a routine billionaire scumbag.
Tony pointed an accusatory finger at him. “You!”
Pepper let out a surprised laugh, her hand automatically coming up to hide her smile.
She shifted her weight and tapped one brightly painted nail against her lips in thought, “Well, the Dean definitely won’t see it that way, however-” she said and walked over to her desk and scribbled on the back of a small card, before walking back to hand it to Rhodey with a bright, uncovered, toothy grin.
“Steve, my boy!” Howard exclaimed, “How are you? How have you been? No, no sit, I insist,” he said as Steve stood up to greet him.
And that’s how she found herself at a dive bar with Tony, trying to get him drunk and arrested and then tossed into the same jail cell that Clint had been sitting in for the past four hours.
Five hours later, they were all huddled together, half asleep in the reception area to the Dean’s office.
Dr. Foster was huddled under a pitch black tent, sitting in total darkness, except for a small slit in the tent that let in a trickle of moonlight. She was surrounded by the hum and whir of machinery. She refused to let them into the tent.
It wasn’t necessarily a rational plan but Natasha had a feeling that it would work.
Despite the hour, all of his friends were sprawled across the couches in the common room. Clint raised his hand from the pile of limbs he, Natasha and Thor made. “It makes it a little better.”
It had been 38 hours since Tony had met Bruce and in those 38 hours they had neither slept, eaten, shaved, bathed, or caved. They were so close they could just about feel it: the solution to the Navier-Stokes equation.
Tony’s jaw dropped.
At first, Tony thought the maitre d made a mistake because there was a handsome, blonde stranger already seated at the table. He was tall and broad-shouldered and gave off the impression of curling in on himself despite sitting ramrod straight. His rumpled tweed suit was out of place next to the restaurant's finery. It was worn thin at the elbows and the cuffs and was at least three sizes too big.
Thor gave their carts full of equipment a thorough, assessing look. “But perhaps my warnings are a bit hasty,” Thor grinned, his teeth a blinding flash of white in the dark. He nodded to the boots strapped to Tony’s feet and the gauntlets on his hands, “I am quite certain Jane would find your work to be intriguing.”
Steve nodded shyly and turned to follow them. Tony smiled helplessly back.
Getting Tony to like Clint was not going to be a problem.
“I bid you well on your scientific endeavors this evening,” the god boomed in a voice like thunder, “My fairest Jane, Dr. Jane Foster, PhD, is also pursuing enquiries of a scientific nature and while on a normal night we would certainly be welcome to the company, tonight, her’s is of a sensitive sort.”
Tony whirled on him, a sneer firmly plastered to his face, “Did my father send you after me?“
He could hear vaguely threatening tones coming from the kitchen and tipped his head back to see Pepper smiling indulgently down at him.
“Wow, look at that ass. You’re so screwed,Tony,” Clint called from the couch.
Natasha stood up to follow. “I’ll come as well,” she said with a wolfish smile.
Tony scowled. He knew what was under her hood. “You know could get more vroooom if you, you know, cold air - and tires you heartless bastard - the intake yeah?” and he yanked the guy over to the car, pointing vaguely in the direction of the engine. “There - right there and a modulator underneath.”
The man’s terrible fashion choices didn’t hide the strong, bright blue of his eyes or the gorgeous purse of his lips, muscles corded with tension and fidgeting with discomfort.
“Tony,” Steve said, haltingly and reached out to brush the edge of Tony’s suit sleeve. Tony could just barely feel his fingers and had to resist pushing into their warmth. Steve coughed, awkwardly, “Let me buy you a coffee, or call you a taxi. It’s too cold to be walking around without a coat.”
“So,” Rhodey said as he walked up to Pepper’s side, staring Steve down, challengingly, “What shenanigans have you two gotten up to?”
The tent flap flew open and a bright eyed Dr. Foster came stumbling out, “Well, what are you waiting for, let’s get started.”
But as a child, his tendencies had been tempered by his mother’s pursed lips and his father’s angry scowling. There was never any yelling but his things had a tendency of quietly disappearing; his room turned showroom clean.
It was Steve. Of course it was Steve. The golden boy probably wanted to apologize, the bastard.
Obviously, they were doing the math. Both of them were geniuses. But they were also scientists and scientists did Experiments.
The world around them paused in the silence between one light and the next and Tony looked at Steve with his blonde hair and blue eyes, broad shoulders, and tentative, guarded smile. So easily breakable, so alone. No friends or family. Sought after by the likes of Howard Stark.
Tony: I took a peak at the servers of the major media houses here. You know what, it's pretty much the same bull everywhere. As we thought, the story is getting snuffed out. Also, the Rosses are not stupid, they know they can't kill the story for good. This is just them biding the time, until they figure out how to spin it to their advantage, trust me. It's probably just a matter of hours.
"I even meant it, sort of. That first time," he added. "Why are we talking about this, by the way, how did you even get me to start talking about this?"
"No, no, you got that one right, I
"What?" Tony said, eyes on Sharon. "Old friends, new acquaintances, all that. You can laugh at all the silly, stuck up people." And Sharon said something in response, but all Steve was aware of was Tony's hand o his shoulder, burning like a supernova, his fingers curling ever so slightly into the fabric of Steve's jacket. Steve wanted to push the hand away, angrily –
Tony: I'm fine.
Tony didn't want him to, either. It's absolutely best for all that he's accepted the position as the leader of the newly founded West Coast Avengers. He has a plane ticket for tonight and everything. The party was just a short stop on his way.
Tony: Too much pressure?
"So, er..." Tony began at the same moment as Cap said, "Yes, well, nevertheless..." which made them both fall silent again, and Tony had a horrible feeling this might extend ridiculously if he didn't do something.
Of course, back then Steve's vision hadn't been impaired. And yet, his senses seemed uncannily well tuned now. Tony mostly watched him fight at first, trying not to get in his way. It made sense; even though Tony itched to join in, Steve seemed to have the things under control. The thugs were armed and wore kevlar vests, but in the small, dark space, they inconvenienced one another and kept getting in one another's way. And Steve was a whirlwind.
The entrance to the flight simulator was through the classroom, and due to the tight schedule, there was always
Rogers was having none of it. "For what?"
Tony: get it
"I... endangered someone who was my responsibility," he said slowly. "Back in school. Out of recklessness, and because it was fun. Despite the orders, obviously. That's it, that's the whole story. I was an asshole. Couldn't stay after that."
, needs
The click of the door unlocking makes him return to reality. In seconds he is throwing the door open, and Steve is grabbing his uniform and pulling it on while running out, before any new, weird developments can take place.
“Where are we going?”, Steve asked, because playing along seemed like the best option, and also, if Tony wanted out of water, that was the prerogative. But a pit opening in his stomach felt icy and white.
It was over in a minute. As if nothing ever happened.
"No, I'm..." Coming to think of it, he actually felt like he
Tony: [is sending a link]
Tony knew that too. He kept silent and held Steve closer. He understood.
And while Tony explained how, for years and years, he couldn't make contact and today he happened to think of how to make an amplifier for his comm. that
Tony: Really? Clint of all people??
"Oh. I'm just at the beginning."
"Please, Tony,
Apparently, he had an oversized pup and an oversized Captain America sprawled together on his fireplace rug. If both the man and the animal didn't look so bedraggled, there would be something decidedly kitschy about the scene, like a postcard or an ad. A big, blond, half-naked guy and a big husky dog; they only needed a bearskin to complete the visual but thankfully that hadn't been a part of the interior design of the cottage. Tony was never going to get the doggy hairs out of his good towels, though. With something akin to surprise he found that he didn't mind any of this one iota.
. The fact made him both alarmed and electrified; everything else around them had taken on a certain vague quality.
Sharon: pretty, yes, but also pretty
The breath Steve took was audible. "There are... fraternization rules," he said. It was almost a whisper. "You're my cadet. I'm your captain. It's not done."
We discuss the nature of the multiverse, and cooking (I'm still horrible at it, but after watching years' worth of cooking shows with my Tony, I at least know the theory), and politics, and history, and gardening, and what's the best detergent. It's a constant back and forth. It's as if it gives him new life.
Steve's heart fell. If Tony didn't want to stay, he couldn't make him. Well, he could, technically, with a force of three hundred knights and their assorted men at his disposal, but that wasn't something he would ever do.
A frantic, wild kick underwater; Tony pushing away form him, shooting away; his head braking surface like an arrow; eyes scrunched up, mouth gasping for air. Steve was beside him in two seconds flat, wanting to hug him tight, the tightest, but not daring to. In the end settling for a light, fleeting touch on both shoulders and keeping his arms open in case Tony decided he wanted them. Tony didn’t. And
Reed Richards and Tony had a history. It was mostly a history of too much competition, mutual irritation and a whole lot of open eye rolling. Still, they'd known each other for decades. When Tony showed up at the Baxter Building without even calling first, Richards just (as tradition dictated) rolled his eyes, beckoned him inside, and said: "What is it now?"
“Too much.” Tony didn’t trust his voice to manage anything more demanding than a merest whisper.
he told himself and kicked the simulator into gear.
Steve laughed out, once. He looked mildly surprised at his own reaction.
Tony: And you're not weirded out by it at all?
? Well, that had been taken away, right enough, all his agency had been taken away, and now he felt like nothing at all. There was nothing here to make anything out of, no people to try and manipulate, nothing, absolutely nothing he could do. After the initial shock, he kept telling himself all he could do was wait for an opportunity, but slowly, bit by bit, he'd fallen into apathy.
Tony: shoot
"Okay," Steve almost whispered, again.
The door squeaked.
Steve thought ruefully. And he would have taken it, too. It wasn't that he was desperate. He could have had sex with someone if he'd wanted to. Not to be immodest, but he wasn't blind, he saw how people looked at him. But
The place seemed deserted. Still, they talked in whispers.
And maybe the truth was stupid too, but it was the truth, and you can’t pick your truths, and that was all there was to it.
Tony: But thanks.
Tony: That's comparably little. You need more firepower. But I do think not using Wanda is kind of the right idea.
comment. Dale's frog-like face was pretty much cruising for a bruising, but Tony was pumped full of endorphins, so instead, he happily started yelling general maintenance advice across half the deck. It must have been pretty irritating – and loud – since even Darryl came out to see what was going on.
Tony: And to be completely fair, you didn't say everything was magically resolved all of a sudden, you just said let's discuss.
and I choose to believe you've been given back to me, somehow, because otherwise..." He took a deep breath. I knew Tony's face. I knew it was about to crumple, and I knew he was not going to allow it, and if he couldn't stop it, he was going to resent me just a little for seeing it. I took too big a bite, then started fishing about for a napkin, to give him a chance to get himself together. He shot me a grateful look. "Otherwise," he went on after a second, "I could as well be in the corner, crying into my falafel all over again." He said it lightly, in that way he had when he wanted to tell the truth and also to pass it off as a joke. I didn't know what to say, so I didn't say anything. I just ran my fingers through my hair. I wanted to take his hand, but I wasn't sure if he would appreciate that.
Steve looked like he was breaking, and it broke Tony in turn, and all he wanted was to fold Steve into his arms. But they needed to have this talk, stunted and meandering as it was. Tony needed to explain, to make Steve understand that Tony didn't mean everything he ever said, and even if he had meant it at the time, perhaps he didn't mean it any more. Still, what he managed to get out, in a raw voice, was: "I think you keep underestimating how much I need you." He was staring into Steve's eyes, and Steve was staring right back, and Tony realized they were still squeezing each other's hands for dear life. "Sorry," Tony muttered. "I'm coming on too strong. Don't..."
Saying sorry is like lead around his neck, but saying goodbye seems undoable. They've had too many goodbyes, between them. They've reached the upper limit of goodbyes for life, and now they'll have to endure each other's presence for ever and ever.
Tony: You have no fucking idea
And then: “Steve, I really love you.” It escaped from his lips like a convict; and it wasn’t the first time he’d said it, but it was the first time he’d said it
Steve hurried after him and caught him by the arm. "You aren't hurt, though, are you?"
"Oh, you'll never understand politics."
Then, after he sent it, he came up with 32 different ways Steve could misinterpret it, 24 of them offensive. For a short while he contemplated finding Steve and somehow stealing his phone – deleting the messages – crushing the device – buying the mobile provider and deleting the texts from the servers...
Steve lets go of him –
Peter put the mp3 player away, gave Tony a wry smile. "And here I thought it was going so well." He didn't sound particularly put out by this development, however. "You okay there?"
Tony: Can we just talk about something else. Oh god, the light from the phone is killing me. Tell me something. Whatever.
"Van Dyne's coming over with the parts," Steve informed Tony, as he waded deeper into the smoke filled area.
It was just like Tony to write nothing for days, then send a text out of nowhere and ask him what to wear. Steve kind of hated the texting thing, but not really. He both dreaded the beeping of the wretched device and longed for it. At first Natasha had rolled her eyes at his reactions, and then, somehow, she'd stopped. But – as he didn't try to explain to her because they hadn't actually discussed it – what he hated about texting was the fact that his only communication with Tony had been – well, random questions or various funny clips that Tony tended to send him on and off. Steve never knew what to reply to that. And then, when the dry spell extended for days and weeks at times, he longed for the beeping sound and watched and rewatched the stupid otters playing in the mud. (Natasha'd stopped rolling her eyes at that too;  she'd just arch an eyebrow from time to time, which was mildly disturbing.)
"Who was that? What's going on?"
"Did you really think I was trying to push you into the friends with benefits thing?
He dipped a finger into the gel he was supposed to put onto the burn, then applied a smidgen of it to the edge of the reddened skin. "All right?" he asked, venturing a look up, at the Steve's face that was –
Tony: Also.
"It's still home," Steve said simply and Tony's chest constricted so painfully his breath hitched.
"Herbed cream cheese omelet." Tony slid a perfectly folded omelet onto Steve’s plate, and another one onto his own. He could tell Steve was surprised that Tony could make something other than grilled cheese sandwiches.
"You did say
Steve blinked into the darkness. No, he wasn't, of course he wasn't. He wasn't going to waste his last hours with Tony like that. Yet, he expected the other man to start snoring lightly, the way he usually did when he drank. Steve hadn't thought he'd get talking so soon, but then again, that was his own mistake. This was Tony Stark. Of course he was going to talk.
Tony did. He waited for Steve in his office in the Compound – which was actually Steve's old office, from back when Tony imagined it was possible to retire from the work that made him feel alive. Maybe, just maybe, they could share the office space now. It would be kind of romantic. They would probably drive each other crazy and argue all the time, which was also, Tony considered, romantic, in a weird way.
“...fine,” Tony finished for him. “Yeah, you
"Yeah, well." There,
Tony: Oh yes, the world's funny like that, isn't it.
"I can't believe you made all this from scratch. I didn't even know you could cook."
The world wasn't fair. Well, of course it wasn't. When had it ever been?
I didn't think this through, none of this. I just jumped in and started talking about it without taking into consideration what it would do to him. It was going to hurt him, it might possibly eviscerate him. My first instinct was to cover up a part of the truth, to blunt the edges, but I'd learned my lesson, of course. Still, the thought of how deep this was going to cut tied my own gut into knots.
"The town's a few miles down the road, that's good for me," Steve replied cheerfully. He felt uncomfortable pretending he didn't recognize Tony. But still, this didn't seem like a big lie, and he felt something playful stir inside him. He could chat to Howard's son, see for himself what he was really like. No harm done. Right?
see it. And I may not agree with their methods. I don't. I
, always trying to make everything
Thanks for reading and please tell me what you thought :)
Tony: No, I don't imagine it's easy for you.
Steve takes a deep breath, and Tony pauses, mercifully, because the sensations in Steve's ass are too good, too bad, too
. Steve wonders if Tony needs support or if he just wants company, and then he remembers – of course, he's supposed to be Santa Cap. Tony has promised Morgan she'd meet him. But it's not just that, because, after perhaps five minutes, when Morgan loses interest a little, Tony still seems reluctant to let Steve go. He captures Steve's hand as if Steve is trying to escape. Steve can feel Pepper's eyes burning into the side of his head even though she's not even looking at him, at least not openly. Maybe it's just his imagination. And Tony and he don't kiss, they don't even hug, out of discretion. Still, he can tell Pepper already knows. Tony wants to talk to her about it – about
best friend. I'd say you've been promoted at some point."
Tony: So I'm the least mentally stable person you know, so you're asking me?
was like that – refitted hastily after it became clear the enemy could infiltrate more sophisticated systems. The comms in the suits were especially lousy, though.
Tony continued with his own line of thought for a moment longer. "Really, not even once? Yeah, well, there's your divergence, then, there's..." My question seemed to register with him, then. He shot me an unreadable look. "No, well, we weren't
," she murmured. "You usually take a lot longer to warm up to someone, and then ages to act on it. And I was aware there was some chemistry between you and Stark, but I'm still surprised at your choice of... the object of your affection, a little bit."
"On and off," Tony hurried to correct him, then felt like a piece of crap for it. He sighed. "Actually, Pepper's dating someone. Semi-seriously. They were even supposed to go out tonight..." Then he stopped. What was he doing? Why was he so frantically reassuring Steve that yes, he was available, and no, he was not getting back together with the ex-wife? Did he intend to go through with this? With Steve? While everything with Pepper was so fresh, while his feelings were still so raw, because divorces get ugly even when you are doing your best to stay friends. This was probably an awful idea. And it couldn't possibly be fair to Steve.
Besides,
to be an axe murderer. Although he probably wouldn't need an axe, either. "Are you going somewhere in the neighborhood? Not many cars out here on Christmas Eve. By the way, I'm Steve."
Tony: And I'm perfectly aware you wouldn't be talking to me of all people. After everything. If you thought you had any other options.
Steve thought for a moment, nodded. "Want me to bring it for you?"
Everything was true, somewhere.
On top of all that, the waitress very politely said she would actually like to close soon because she was pretty shaken, and Steve's motel was nearby, anyway (she knew because everyone knew everything about everyone around here). They certainly wouldn't mind, would they?
At first it looked as if Steve would sit there and giggle at Tony’s indignant rage-lust, but with a quick sleight of hand, he held up the beaded glass dildo. Tony abruptly stopped his threats to watch Steve slide the toy through his fist in an obscene, lube-slicked pantomime of what Steve had planned for him.
“Oh, but you know what?” he heard Tony say only moments later, and Steve paused to brace himself before he snapped. Tony was already on the move to somewhere in the living room, which hopefully distracted him from how awkward Steve was behaving while processing this whole mess. “Someone was texting you last night, and I think I saw something with a breakfast recommendation.”
Steve stared down at his phone. He had a vague idea of what he should do, and a very clear idea about what he shouldn’t do.
“Zipped pockets,” Tony said quickly, digging his keys out to comfort his rescuer. The strong, firm body against him relaxed immediately.
“I… I suppose you are not inaccurate, Steve Rogers,” Tony replied with an uncomfortable tremble in his voice.
Graham hummed thoughtfully. “What is Chaturanga Dan—em, Dadandsana?”
“But without this man’s sperm the child in question wouldn’t exist,” Brock replied, doubling down on his earlier argument. “Why should his contribution be less important than Swinney’s?”
“Don’t worry, fellas,” he promised. “I won’t tell a soul.”
“Yes.”
Under his fingers, Tony’s body gave beautifully.
It was easier than expected to leave the crime scene unnoticed, and as Steve had guessed, even easier for Bucky to break into Tony’s brownstone. They started in the living room where Steve showed Bucky the table that had been their alter, but they both quickly agreed that at that time of night, there was no clear view of Tony’s dining room without special equipment. The chances that someone would be lying in wait for hours or days with the right tools and with the right angle to see the dining table were too slim.
When Steve finally put him down in the nest for their last rest before the demonstration, sleep was the last thing on Tony’s mind. In an effort to calm him, Steve promised him they would all be humanoid - after all, they wouldn’t be training to harvest on Earth if they couldn’t pass in their world - so Tony had no need to fear barbs, scales, or claws. When that didn’t ease Tony’s excited nerves, Steve allowed him to touch and feed from him as much as he needed in order to sleep. It was an offer that Tony had never heard before, and he eagerly stretched out between Steve’s legs to fill his senses with all the comfort his master offered. He nuzzled his firm thighs and nosed into Steve’s groin, inhaling his musk like a starving man at a buffet. His scent was dizzying, and if Tony wasn’t careful, he’d fumble and lose this rare opportunity to indulge. Steve rarely came more than once a day, and given the chance, Tony wanted to nurse on his cock slowly for hours on end, savoring the satisfaction of his master’s come as long as Steve would let him rather than blowing it all on one sudden orgasm that would leave him doped up and disorientated until morning.
“Where the hell were these sugar daddies when I was in college?” Sam muttered to himself, and his partner huffed in wry amusement as they both wished Steve and Tony a good night and followed Natasha out.
Women hunted men for their necessary purpose, sometimes even picking and choosing their prizes by the meat on their bones and the superficial attributes. Women hunted men like game beasts, and when male children reached puberty, they were turned away from their mothers and abandoned into the wilderness.
Before he even had the chance to click it on so his friends could see what was going on, Bucky was texting someone and Sam had his phone to his ear, waiting on someone to answer.
“So, we don’t have a dragon, but we have the Last Chief,” Tony summarized when they were all sitting in his cottage. The Last Chief went by the name Natasha, and even with Tony’s only two spare layers of clothes and bundled up in his bedquilt, she shuddered violently from the cold. Turns out, spending centuries as a cold-blooded reptile really messed with your mammalian temperature regulation. Tony brought her a cup of hot water, and Natasha closed her hands around the warm ceramic immediately, eager to absorb its warmth.
“You’re good,” Tony answered into the phone after a beat, not even bothering to resist grinning back.
And it seemed Natasha was coming to the same conclusion, and Steve scooted as close as he could to eavesdrop as the word ‘settle’ filtered through their conversation.
“This is Fran, she is a ten week old Pomeranian,” Georgie told the audience at home. “She is currently up for adoption at the Sydney Dogs and Cats Home. If you adopt any of the little rascals you see on the show today, the Today show will cover the fees. Just, something to keep in mind when you ask your mothers and fathers for a puppy this morning...”
“Right, and that’s why you showed up in loafers,” Steve observed, teasing and without judgment.
“It had nothing to do with your height, honey,” Maria said when her boys eventually dared to put their hands down. “Besides, even if it was true, some medical trivia is more important than others. So what if you grew to be five-nine instead of five-ten?”
“Wife. He goes a little overboard sometimes. He’s a great guy, he just… all or nothing, you know?” Steve answered quietly, closing the door to the laundry room behind him so they could have some privacy. “Anyway, where were we?”
Tony offered Steve his hand, and Steve couldn’t help but shake it. “I’m Steve, Steve Rogers. What is it you do, Tony?”
The only exception seemed to be Netflix documentaries. Steve adored them and couldn’t bear to leave them unwatched, and like most things he enjoyed, he wanted Tony to do it with him. And it wasn’t that Tony didn’t like Netflix documentaries, it was just… they weren’t exactly cheerful. Documentarians had a knack for reminding Tony of things he often tried not to think about - like how racism will never end, or the miserable advent of cyberbullying, or how we’re all basically going to die once global warming melts the Siberian tundra and unleashes unprecedented levels of carbon dioxide that’s been stewing from rotting vegetation trapped under the ice for millenia.
“No pockets,” he explained, shaking his arms to show how his whole costume was no more than a long piece of fabric, a belt, and a pin. Tony eyed him impishly, taking it upon himself to confirm Steve was telling the truth.
“It’s been ten days. Ten days of dressing you for dates with other men. Ten days listening in on you charming them through interrogations… you don’t know how hot that makes me,” Tony whispered on a longing sigh, brushing his fingers over the buttons on Steve’s dress shirt. Thirty minutes ago, Tony had wriggled five of those bad boys free, but Steve had clearly done them back up while in hiding behind the curtain.
kinda
Instead of answering, Tony switched his audio from headset to speaker to treat Bucky - and a handful of nearby analysts - to the most trusted weapon in 007’s arsenal. Ironically, it was the only one he never seemed to damage.
“When you’re not supposed to be there?” Rhodey finished with a palpable grain of disbelief. “Do you even know his name?”
“Thank Natasha. You were right about her, she noticed your sorry state first,” Jim told him with an audible grin. “I only gave her permission to do something about it. But listen,” he added in a more somber tone, “the rest is up to you. I’ll make sure he eats and rests, but if I know Tony, this will mostly be on you. Show him that taking care of himself helps you, and he will think twice about being an idiot again.”
Clark accepted the bottle Steve passed to him and otherwise let silence do the rest of the work for him.
“I swear they will not return you to Cryo-Prison.”
The palpable irritation faded from Steve’s expression as he stood tall and turned to Fury with a newfound focus.
“Bark Magazine, Chris, such a pleasure,” Tony continued happily, and even Steve gave him a curious look. “Seriously, I can't wait. This is the first time I've ever heard that we have a puppy contingent in our fan base; is this cause I'm the new guy? Did you keep this from me?” he demanded of Steve suddenly, and Steve looked like he wasn't sure if he should laugh, or if Tony had officially lost it.
Sharon rolled her eyes, but she came around the workbench all the same to plant herself next to him and open her laptop in front of him.
You don’t think I see what you’re doing here? Sandbagging me with this Ellen thing just so you can look good for the Board? Because you are
“I’m working on a new piece right now,” Tony explained, pausing only to thank the waiter as she brought their cocktails and fried pickles over. “I’m trying to turn the typical narrative of how women can ‘make themselves more desirable to men’ into how they can better protect themselves from abusive relationships.”
Tony never left his side. He helped Steve address his people when Steve didn’t think he could breathe without crying, and he arranged the funeral when Steve couldn’t function. He was at Steve’s side through his coronation, and behind closed doors, where Steve had the privacy to fall apart, Tony stayed so Steve didn’t have to be alone. Steve didn’t had never learned to be alone, and the sudden silence was deafening. During his childhood their home on the farm had only been big enough for two rooms: one with beds, and one with a stove. Steve slept less than five feet from his parents until the war. Once he and his mother moved to a modest two-bedroom flat in Fiorera, Terrini’s capital, Steve spent the first month or so sleeping on the floor in his mother’s room. There was simply too much empty space for him to feel safe and his mattress was too soft.
“I’m five-nine,” Howard added without looking away from his paper, and Maria looked so pleased about it that Clint and Tony both rushed to plug their ears.
Stealing Brock back was easier said than done. On more than one occasion, he’d knocked on Brock’s door with a bottle of champagne and two glasses, but Brock was never home. He made a point to start working out in the evening when he knew Brock was there, and while heads often turned when he turned up (especially for back and shoulders day), Brock never did more than steal glances of him from a distance.
They came to a meeting point for many of the different tunnels serving the city where there was enough space for the Scraps to have made camp. The smell was much worse here, but not with the smell of the sewers; Tony had felt himself growing numb to the stench of refuse after all this time walking over it, but now the large quantities of unclean human bodies, fresh garbage, and cooking meat almost brought Tony to his knees.
Steve willed his hands warmer and reached between Tony’s legs to lubricate his palms with the copious precome gushing from the head of Tony’s cock. He steadily worked his way up to Tony’s ass, kneading with enough pressure that Tony quickly lost himself to the wet, hot slide of Steve's hands, and the gentle, soothing massage.
Tony shut his mouth immediately before more protests poured out of him, but he still levelled an unimpressed look at his husband-to-be. Steve watched him with a gleeful triumph until he felt Tony had repented enough.
“I thought I was going crazy,” he said instead, partly vindicated though he was still mostly confused. Knowing that the gorgeous man who regularly came to him in his dreams and left him sated beyond belief was real did not explain who he was, or why he was there.
Tony helped nurses bring patients water and some of the hearty food made by the local people in Lumine. Many of those who did not have visitors were fast asleep, and Tony only peeked in long enough to assure himself that they slept peacefully. Eventually, he came to the makeshift room of a young man who was not only awake, but caught staring into the middle distance with unhappy and unseeing eyes. Given the events of the day, Tony didn’t think twice about it. He glanced at the clipboard at the foot of the bed that clearly indicated the patient’s name, allergies or relevant medical history, and language of preference, then cleared his throat to announce himself.
That’s when he spotted it on the other side of the street - a strip mall salon called ‘Beauty Oasis.’ Again he spun his car around, swerving toward the salon until he pulled up to the curb and hopped out of his car.
He shuffled out of the booth and made his way out of the diner as he tried to explain the situation to the owner. This was business, this was what he’d been groomed for all his life. One way or another, the tree house would be his.
I wonder sometimes what they’d look like if looks wasn’t part of the Hollywood job description.
Steve didn’t have an answer to her question, but the sentiment was loud and clear, and Steve couldn’t resist smiling back at his friend.
The dog tags landed over Tony’s sternum with a muffled, metallic clink. He lifted the two steel tags in his palm. Steven G. Rogers. Social, type O, Catholic. Sarah E. Rogers, Brooklyn, NY.
“Who’s the smartass now?” Tony grumbled as well as he could with a blush he could
“Oh, Natasha will love this,” Bucky practically giggled to himself, then gestured for Tony to follow them, too. “Come on, Stark. It’s this way, follow me.”
Then, he opened the picture.
“Okay, first of all, I’m not touching ‘cheap’ with a thirty foot pole, cause I assume you’ve never even
Steve’s smile faded momentarily as he watched Tony’s face in thought. He reached for Tony’s t-shirt with two fingers and gave it a playful little tug. “Then, would you like me to show you what a real dream feels like?”
“Sorry to bring it up, boss, but I doubt anyone else has.”
Sharon stared Phil down before he could finish his thought. “We assigned the outlines last week,” she said primly, then turned to Steve with a smug smile. “The answer is no.”
She answered their questions, offering as many details as she could remember. She was polite, she was soft spoken, and by the time their two hour meeting was up, Steve wanted nothing more than to win this case for her. He was dying to get out of that office and call his own ma and thank her for everything she had done as a single mother to give him every chance she could, so when Natasha dismissed the team and told them when to be in court on Friday, Steve was packed up and out of the office like a shot.
Two weeks went by, and Tony only occasionally remembered the unexpected adventure in the library.
Tony might not have understood their means of communication, but he wasn’t blind. The first image demonstrated severe glandular infections, and Tony jerked in sudden horror, pressing closer to Steve and turning to hide his face in Steve’s lap.
“I don’t know,” Bucky regretfully admitted. “Steve, I know nothing. I got you as soon as I got Pepper’s message.”
“Like you,”  Steve murmured with feigned understanding. Tony gave him a flat look and squeezed Steve’s sides hard enough to get a laughing huff out of him, but when Steve pushed forward to kiss his lips again, Tony forgave all his past and current sins.
He’d been propositioned before, that sure wasn’t new. It was a fact of life as a model - photographers, designers, make-up artists liked what they saw and could make or break a career if they wanted to. Steve had managed to get out of the offers that didn’t tempt him and happily given in to the people who did excite him, people he would’ve been eager to spend a night with even without a reward. But there was a formality to it, a space where it was expected and it was clear what might happen if he said no. Universities were supposed to be different, a meritocracy, where Steve would advance so long as he put in the effort and did the work.
“Go on, babe,” he said with a playful tone. “I’ll be waiting for you in your bed.”
It took several minutes for Tony to turn away from wiring the finer sensor and rotating mechanism of his robot’s claw, but nothing about the damn device made sense. When had 9PM become 8AM? Who the hell did he not know from Brooklyn (and why doesn’t he already know him or her)?
“Who wants to know?”
That was certainly one way to bring large quantities of explosives into the country.
“Buck,” Steve said then, quietly and as calmly as he could. “We gotta get there before he does.”
“But how do the cocks come in?” Tony asked with a perfectly sincere delivery that Steve almost bought.
“What am I supposed to do with that?” Steve asked in a small voice, unable to even look Rhodes in the eyes anymore. “If you’re asking me to wait for him—”
bit like a comic book villain,” Steve pointed out, to Tony’s obvious delight.
“Get your own.”
Tony operated on instincts he had never truly know he had. Steve stayed close and they fought back to back, partly to protect each other, but just as importantly, in part so that Tony would not be distracted by the miraculous acrobatic maneuvers Steve thrived on in battle.
’s and settled on black.
He knew what Tony needed, so he offered it to him again. “Cotton candy!”
was some futuristic shit.
Jane didn’t even try to interpret what that meant. “A what?”
After several minutes of digging around, all Steve found worth eating in his kitchen was champagne and ice. As tempting as that was, he wasn’t so sure it was appropriate.
The happy surprise of Steve’s words warmed Tony from head to toe with excitement. If he kissed Steve again, they’d never rejoin the party, and while that didn’t sound so bad, they had promised to stay for dinner.
Partway through episode seven, Happy pulled up in front of the Plaza Hotel. He was out of the car and there to open Steve’s door before Steve had his seatbelt off, and Steve tried his best to step out of the car like having the car door opened for him was a normal occurrence. Like after all these years, he wasn’t still overcome with the Cinderella strain of imposter syndrome.
“There’s nothing wrong with my clothes,” Steve told them, a touch peevish, though he was more irritated by the cryptic look of understanding that passed between his ex and his partner (and blatantly excluded him).
Tony swallowed, hard.
After his short conversation with Jim, Steve checked his phone and found a new video message waiting from Natasha. As impatient as he was to learn every scrap of information he could about Tony, the knowledge that his husband was safe and resting gave Steve enough willpower to wait to watch the video in private. Phil and Bucky and the rest of the staff already knew so much about him and Tony, and selfishly, Steve coveted every opportunity for a modicum of privacy.
As soon as Tony was out of sight, Steve let go of Bucky and stood up straight again. He cleared his throat. He could do this; he could be reasonable. There must be a reasonable explanation for all of this. They would laugh about this the next time they talked.
“Rogers, you keep harvesting at full capacity, and I will get you door 72112 as often as you like.”
Despite failing to plan any of the things Tony hoped for on their special day, Steve arrived on Tony’s doorstep on Wednesday afternoon with a smile that warmed Tony in every way that mattered. He had never felt so happy and yet so upset to see someone before. Tony had failed; Steve deserved better than this plain room.
Soon a team of people with his clothes and his outlined conversation topics filled his suite, and confident in Tony’s health and happiness, it was so easy to focus on the task at hand so he could make it one step closer to being back home.
He never meant to put someone in harm’s way, and especially not a man who was trying to make this budding relationship work. Steve, who was too mature to play games, who would call him with well-thought out dates that were genuinely fun and exciting, and not predictable fast-track lanes into his pants. Steve, who probably wouldn’t have been jealous enough to kiss him without consent if he hadn’t been flirting with Amanda, or wouldn’t be balling up his fists and clenching his jaw if Tony wasn’t purposefully pushing his buttons. Steve, who was handsome and well off, but worked hard and showed interest in learning about Tony’s work.
When the light finally faded and Tony and Clint could see again, there lay a naked, red-headed Woman in the mud and grass of Tony’s swamp where the dragon had once lain.
“She’ll be here tomorrow with my lawyers,” he promised. “What else can I do, what do you need? Grumpy Cat, aren’t you going to contribute? Not a single question?”
For months, their time together had been clear and unmistakable memories in Tony’s skin. Until now, Steve had never seen them so faded, so nearly abandoned. He willed his hands not to shake as he brushed his fingertips over the marks of what must have been his thumbs digging into Tony’s lower back as Steve had pinned him down for a fuck. It was the most noticeable mark left, but it was so faint it might be lost by morning.
There was a burst of commotion as Chief Director Fury ran into the Governor’s personal office with a handful of police officers, including Bruce and Tony.
” Sharon ground out, abandoning polite pretense. “What the hell is going on, boss? Why do you have to get married or res—
After nearly five months together in Tony’s studio and that hell forsaken wall-bed, Steve could finally walk, stretch, and even shave his face with enough dexterity to go back to his own flat in Chelsea.
And just like that, Steve’s momentary discomfort was forgotten. He laughed, a heartfelt, carefree belly laugh; affection swelled in his chest, and he pulled Tony in tight against his side, until he could nose into Tony’s soft hair and kiss the crown of his head.
Even now, he tried to take comfort in the possibility that this could all be something else. Maybe he’d simply been single and horny for so long his body was now confused. Not that it mattered
,” Steve begged as Tony sucked a wet trail of hickeys down his abdomen. Whether Tony finally heard the tone of desperation in Steve’s voice, or the irrepressible thrusts of Steve’s hips gave it away, Tony gave in: he grabbed up a wrapped condom and tore it open.
Panting for air and still fucking Steve’s mouth chasing those last, delirious seconds of euphoria, Tony could have sworn he saw stars. The strength in his grip bled away, releasing Steve’s hair and giving him the freedom to pull off his softening cock at any time, but Steve barely budged, dutifully swallowing down every last gush of come. Tony barely had the presence of mind to open his eyes and take in the erotic masterpiece that was Steve’s spit-slick, swollen lips after a blowjob.
“Focus, Tony. We don’t know what security he has. What are we looking for?”
Steve glance down at the countdown on his watch. Thirteen hours had passed since the attack. Seven hours remained until Tony would willingly retire.
Tony could walk into the lobby at any minute and see Steve talking to this asshat old dude who so casually wore a suit that could pay Steve’s dorm fees for a semester. If this really was where sex workers were picked up, this was the last place he’d want Tony to catch him with a rich man with the wrong intentions. He really had wanted to wait to see this new suite with Tony, but the more he needed to get out of this situation, the heavier the key card in his back pocket became.
“You okay, bro?”
, they can!” Steve hissed.
Tony started slow, fingering himself open while absently stroking his cock, just enough to really enjoy himself as he worked two, then three fingers into his ass. Deliberately, he scissored his fingers at the rim of his hole, stretching himself open until he had to reach back with both hands to really get a display how eager, how ready his ass was for the taking. He turned his head to watch, catching his own eye in his reflection before concentrating on lining up with the slick, waiting dildo.
Steve might not be human, but he's no stranger to temptation.
The sound of boots filled the hallway through the open door. Medical evac was there. Did it matter anymore? Steve was Bond. Tony’s Steve was James Bond.
Steve should have stayed out of this.
Once Tony’s pants came off, Steve’s MO was always the same. He didn’t waste time, and he dove in with gusto. Usually, Tony would worry if Steve didn’t stroke, slap, squeeze, kiss, or bite his ass at first opportunity, but this time… he understood.
Marple was on him in an instant, whimpering and yipping in her relief and licking every inch of Tony’s face in overjoyed greeting. His poor girl had never seen him physically incapacitated and Tony tried to grab her, to reassure her that he was okay and to calm her down, but it was all tough to do while trying not to cry out every time the stranger turned or raised his foot.
“There… Mr. Stark, with all due respect, there is no answer I can give you that will make you feel better,” Steve answered kindly but honestly, and still Tony wanted to be sick. It was too easy to read between the lines.
As soon as he could, Steve tore off the cloth covering his eyes and stared after Tony. His eyes watered and he blinked furiously while his pupils dilated erratically in their effort to focus in the forgotten intensity of natural sunlight.
Steve pushed up on an elbow to tug Tony back for a kiss, and while Tony was distracted, he slid his hands down Tony’s body to cup greedy handfuls of his ass, squeezing and pulling his cheeks apart in a clear demonstration of what he wanted.
Still, he smiled at his brother and quietly asked, “You’ve given this some thought, haven’t you?”
“Please, please, could you give me one more chance to show you how much you mean to me?” Steve said then, lowering his voice in deference.
Tony watched her go, but the moment she was out of earshot, all of his attention turned to Steve.
Spellbound and in over his head, Steve swallowed, gasped, and whined at the same time. He undid his jeans one-handed so he could continue to read as he took his cock in hand. Beside him, Tony moaned softly under his breath, and before Steve knew what happened, it was Tony’s hand wrapped around his hard cock, and Tony’s hand jerking him off with slow, leisurely strokes. Just enough to drive Steve out of his mind.
It wasn’t what Tatum had said as much as the look the camera caught him giving Tony when he said it.
No-one else was wearing a costume of any kind. Judging by their dull, neutral sweaters and glasses, they barely looked like they were at a party at all - for all Steve knew, this was a group of fifty some-odd law students who’d accidentally ended up in the same house after class. Those closest to the door who could see him stopped what they were doing to stare, but these weren’t the appreciative or awed looks Steve had enjoyed on his walk to the party. They looked at him like he was out of his mind or grown another head.
“Well,” Bucky said quietly after a beat, “it’s. I mean, it’s for a surprise birthday present, you know? I didn’t know which one she’d like, just that she likes Tom Ford, so I had no choice, Steve. I bought them all.”
“Here, Harvard Law School.”
“I can’t deny I look forward to the honeymoon sex, Tony,” Steve whispered, his words too intimate even in the privacy of Tony’s apartments. “But what I am most looking forward to is spending this time with you, alone. Nothing needs to change between us, but if we take that step, I want it to be because you’re excited about it, alright? You don’t need to think about whether it will hurt. I want to bottom.”
Orfeo pressed his lips together and was quiet for some time. “What if I am wrong?” he asked after a long silence. “What if we are wrong for each other?”
Whatever indignity Tony suffered for being called a ‘silly little man’ on television was quickly forgotten as Fran climbed across Steve’s legs and wagged with all her might at him and Star-Lord. “Ven aquí, carita! We missed you,” he told her as the shy little boxer started slowly wiggling his butt in tentative excitement.
“I did, too,” Stephanie clarified more quietly with a wistful smile. “Once. Before the curse.”
Thor shrugged a little, looking inexplicably small in his large red jumper. He shook his head once, but he struggled to find words he was comfortable speaking.
Tony spun around to face him with a beaming smile, until he must have realized it wasn’t appropriate. Steve watched as Tony ducked his head for just a moment under the guise of rubbing his nose, then looked up at Steve with a more contained expression.
“What happened to your clothes?” Steve wondered without stepping aside to let him in.
The night before everything changed, Tony came home dragging his exhausted feet. It was mid-October, and as tired and cold as Tony was, he still felt a tingling thrill of excitement fluttering in his stomach when he stepped off the elevator on
That was how he caught Steve looking back at him with something approaching pride and affection in his eyes. Whether he was bothered by the other pets’ distress, or he had noticed Tony’s discomfort, Steve smoothed his big palm down Tony’s side until he was leisurely rubbing Tony’s inner thighs. It was plenty to take Tony’s mind off the spectacle around him - he had been left untouched for too long not to respond, and seeing how Steve looked at him left him desperate to express his gratitude. Tony responded to Steve’s touch eagerly and without hesitation, spreading his legs further apart and opening himself up to invite his master’s touch.
With those words, Tony closed his eyes. He hung his head and pinched the bridge of his nose, then let a slow breath out. “For the record,” he said calmly, the hopeful zeal of seconds earlier extinguished. “The game was up when you said you were a foster kid.”
What little control Tony had to keep from filling the hallways with his groans of delirious satisfaction no longer stopped him from forming senseless words begging Steve for more. He was so close, he just needed
kind of facial).
’s Josh Horowitz running up to him. Steve placed his phone face down on the table to shake the man’s hand.
The door to their office swung open to reveal Junior Officer Jane Foster. "Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark,” she said with a pained expression. "Chief Director Nicholas Fury requires your audience.”
“Steve, sweetheart,” Tony said in a slow, quiet tone, the same voice he used to put anxious horses at ease. “There are five hunting dogs and four hunters in this house. No person or animal is dumb enough to try.”
Tony’s grimace curdled into snarl. “Fuck you,” he glowered, “I hope I don’t die so you never get to know!”
Sharon didn’t even acknowledge the basket or the muffins. “Our group is full.”
One quick look at the grunts he’d been saddled with told him the Lead Dumbo Engineer and Head of Wasting Steve’s Patience were nowhere near a solution.
created a town full of wizards who operate out of a library and use magic to do who knows what!”
“Electricity and heating has not yet been restored to the affected parts of the city, Your Majesty, but generators have allowed medical staff to proceed uninterrupted. Many survivors who did not require hospitalization elected to remain at the camp near their families. I hear additional generators are being prepared to supplement current needs if electricity is not restored by nighttime; in this region, the temperature drops ten degrees at night, at best.”
Tony gave him an unimpressed look. “Come on, Rhodey, what’s the worst that could happen?”
“Fury and Hill want to see you upstairs immediately.”
Whatever Tony had meant to say was forgotten as Steve picked up the couch he was sitting in without so much as grunting with exertion. Steve continued to effortlessly hold the couch in midair so that they were eye to eye.
“No! No,” Steve hurried to assure him even though waiting one more night would make him feel infinitely more comfortable. “Not too soon. If no sex, that’s fine, maybe not the best way to wake mom up, really, and, I don’t know. One more night wouldn’t kill me, but I’ve missed you. I don’t want to twist your arm, but I… I really miss having you next to me.”
“In what world—
“This is sick,” Bucky said with a horrified shudder. Tony and Steve looked up to watch him leafing through an envelope of photographs. “Who sends strangers pictures of their opened vagina?”
With a slow, steady pressure, he rolled his thumb over the full crest of Steve’s ass. Steve moaned shamelessly under him until Tony’s thumbs eased down over the slope of his lower back and found the muscles where his ass connected to his lower back. Immediately, Steve winced and tensed up under him. Tony lessened the pressure at once, but it wasn’t in his nature to abandon a problem once he had discovered it. He continued working over the tense muscles, soothing the pain away with slow, gentle circles until Steve’s soft gusts of wincing pain turned into quiet moaning, and the stress of his body melted away under Tony’s hands.
“You get this to work, Tony, I’ll be the best professional reference of your life.”
with this unusual story to tell, and what a—your performance in it, what’s left to say? A Golden Globe nod for Best Supporting Actor, the SAG win, and now the Oscars coming up. It is safe to say the movie has had a… a pretty special reception since it first came out.”
The resounding howls and growls of excitement from the audience made Tony weak in the knees. Their excitement fed into Tony’s dark fantasy of being subject of lust and desire to an audience who lapped up every whimper and cry that fell from Tony’s lips, who would not soon forget how his flushed skin and quivering thighs looked as he fucked himself into oblivion for all to see.
“Hey, Tony?” he called, holding up a canvas bag in Tony’s direction. “This had your name on it in the kitchen, I think it’s your lunch.”
Tony closed his eyes, hanging his head in defeat. “Not fair, I didn’t know you could do that.”
“There is no current evidence tying the three victims together, Mr. Stark. Different occupations, hobbies, backgrounds. Nothing, except for your books,” Steve said in a firm, patient tone. Tony’s gaze and attention returned to Steve, bewildered but suddenly focused. “If you are not the connection, then what is?”
“Captain Steven Rogers,” he said with a gracious smile directed only at Steve, “the hero of the hour. I congratulate and thank you, for the preservation of my own life and the sanctity of our great city.”
Numb and speechless, Tony stared as Steve reached behind his neck and unclasped the gold chain himself. He turned Tony’s hand over and placed the ring into Tony’s open palm. Tony had never seen Steve take it off before, so it took him some time before he mustered enough sense to actually look at the gold band in his hand.
Everything was going well until Hawley’s secretary leaned into the office again and informed him he was expected at Hawley’s office. Steve thanked her, then double checked the time. The meeting wasn’t due to begin for another thirty minutes. Much too late, Steve recalled Natasha’s words from earlier that morning—Hawley wanted to see him before the meeting, and he should expect to be kicked off the team.
Steve blinked down at his phone. He had no idea what to say, or what to do. Was he meant to feel excited by the possibility of getting back together? Was he supposed to feel pity? What the hell was Tony trying to achieve with those words?
“He’s back on Sunday,” Tony told him, deliberately ignoring the first question. “How about you? Miss your empty flat? Does it miss you, too?”
The first one was a screenshot of a return bus ticket from the BU campus bus station to the one nearest Tony’s dorm in Cambridge. Steve would arrive at 7:30am and be there well into the night with a return trip scheduled at 5am the next morning.
They leaned into it like nobody’s business. Happy was a natural at bossing people around and making long-winded and painstakingly detailed demands, which gave Steve the freedom to take the backseat. They bonded over boxing and baseball, and by the time he was on his third glass of Grande Cuvée, Happy confided in Steve that he’d been bewitched by Pepper for over a year.
Bruce, mature man that he was, did his best not to respond or react. “How about we talk about more important things, Tony?” he decided for both of them in the moments of silence while Tony chewed. The waiter came around and refilled Tony’s coffee, and Tony was quick to ask for his check. “Like, where’s your luggage? We gotta go.”
As dusk turned to night, Ean, Marham's chief priest entered the ceremonial lodge. He was the mortal conduit for Brigid, their patron goddess of fertility, raised from an early age to serve Brigid by surrendering himself in their most sacred rites. Through his body, Brigid received Marham’s sacrificial offering. Through him, she weighed their worth.
“You?” Howard said with an unfriendly smirk. “You think your decorative designer plumage makes you qualified for honest labor,
But this wasn’t Clarence, and Steve wasn’t a twenty-something runt back in Brooklyn. This was a meticulous man who studied the shape of Steve’s head and face before wrapping him up in a warm, scented towel. While his beard and skin absorbed the warmth, not-Clarence combed water through Steve’s hair and began cleaning up his haircut.
“I do like it,” Steve promised, then pursed his lips and bit the bullet. “It’s just hard to …you know.
Around the bullpen, police officers gasped and audible struggled to breathe at the thought of such a heinous crime. Jane, who had been so close to facing the shock first-hand, barely managed to stay on her feet as she stumbled sideways into a seat before her legs gave out.
Steve rolled onto his back as Tony shuffled in closer, pulling Tony to his side. Tony nuzzled in closer, pillowing his head on Steve’s chest.
When the General finally arrived to personally address any of the King’s requests, his first order of business was to have a photo taken with Bucky and the King, both veterans of infantry, with the cavalry’s crest clearly visible on their jackets. In the time it took for the photos to be taken, all-terrain vehicles were arranged to transport Steve and Bucky to the nearest clearing for an airlift to Lumine. They were sent off with many well-wishes, expressions of gratitude, and a promise from the General to reach out to the commanding officers in Lumine to inform Tony that Steve was on the way.
“Steven Grant Rogers, if you think I’m leaving you alone before I get to see and kiss my grandbabies, you got another thing coming,” she reminded him with the snap of a threat that shook Steve right out of his gloomy thoughts with a burst of surprised laughter.
“And you never have to do it alone, mein Schafes,” Steve smiled at him between their joined hands framing his face, and Tony could feel his whole body trembling. “We will do it together.”
“Better than the flowers?” Tony whispered with a sheepish hope.
“Sort of—I have the devices attached to them,” he started to explain when Tony’s breath caught. “What?”
There stood Tony, his hair a matted whirlwind around his head and his clothes only slightly askew. He was still wearing what Steve had seen him in before he left for the bar. He smelled of alcohol and cigarette smoke.
came out, but in this business, you try not to let flattery and talk get to your head. And like you said, it’s practically unheard of: Tony was eight months old when Raul Julia was nominated in 1985. Then, of course, we have the whole Evil Eye thing to consider - that’s never been a part of my life before—and if I’m honest, I’m not quite sure I get it yet? But that meant that in our house, we had to treat it like a normal Sunday night, a normal Monday,” Steve told Jimmy and the audience. Then, with a tone of incredulity, he added, “It was my dad who broke the news.”
“Lights on full,” he heard and he squinted in the sudden sunrise. Then, much closer: “Captain Steven G. Rogers, are you well?”
Steve bit the bullet almost immediately after he got back to campus and called his ma with the news. It was the only call he desperately wished he didn’t have to make, but the only one he absolutely needed to. She was his only family; she was his everything. But that afternoon, for the first time in his life, Steve made her cry. Unable to stomach himself, he made another call to his good friends at the Beauty Oasis. The three of them dropped their respective plans and collected at the salon with an assortment of donuts, ice creams, and gooey grilled cheese sandwiches.
“And you won’t try to sneak into the audience in a hoodie and sunglasses? Or surprise me in my dressing room? Or swap places with my driver and surprise me—”
It wasn’t until months later in Toulouse when by some miracle they stayed on the same floor at the same hotel. They were attending a panel on food scarcity and climate change. That’s what they were meant to do, anyway. On the first night, Rhodes had allowed Steve into Tony’s suite. Steve had only meant to invite Tony to dinner that first night to thank Tony for all his help and to show him that he was doing better, that he had found an even keel again.
Chris, poor soul, was already turning red from embarrassment, or perhaps from the effort to repress his laughter. It was hard to tell which; Tony liked to think it was the latter.
But Tony disagreed. “No, he’s right, it is a serious question,” he said, then he turned to answer Bucky. “Doing anything about dinosaurs is guesswork, which is a lazy way of saying ‘developing theories based on observations of animals in similar environments.’ Penises are surprisingly important to the four F’s of evolution: feeding, fleeing, fighting, and making love.”
“Does the Pope have questionable morals?”
“Do you ever miss them?”
It wasn’t the same anymore. The idea of seeing Tony again after so long wasn’t as straightforward as it once was. Was Steve meant to be happy, as if nothing had happened? Steve hadn’t seen Tony since August of the previous year when Tony had dumped him, and now Tony had invited himself to Steve’s graduation without warning?
“It is a sweater,” Steve said as Tony gathered it up and walked to the nearest mirror to hold it up against his body to imagine what it would look like on him. “It is a blended tweed with reversed stockinette insets and expressed seam details. Tony?” Steve added after a beat, and Tony turned to him with a curious expression. “I’ve never knitted or sewed a day in my life. Why do I know what stockinette inset stitching looks like?”
“Captain America,” one of the tallest figures snarled. Tony instinctively drew closer to Steve, his arms already itching to pull the man behind himself.
“Buck, it’s only been four days,” Steve tried to explain, when beside him, Tony rolled over and looked up at him. Tony wasn’t pleasantly rumpled and half-asleep like the other times Steve had seen him waking up: he was wide awake, and he was visibly worried.
“Hey, Tony,” Sam called across the bench, hurrying around it with gleeful enthusiasm before Tony even had a chance to finish his own thought and look up. From one second to the next, Sam stood right next to him with what looked like a pen and a mechanical wasp in his hands. “Listen. 004 is going to be in here any minute. Bucky made the pen and I made the stinger. Can you make her fly?”
, without clarifying whether he meant in the tub or in the vacant real estate between his legs.
Can’t leave right now but ginger chicken soup and ALL THE VASELINE are en route
“Buy two,” Steve interrupted her.
Steve thought he heard Tony chuckle quietly on the other end of the line, but he couldn’t be sure. “You should get some sleep, big guy,” Tony lowered his voice to say, and Steve hummed happily in answer to Tony’s deeper, softer tone. “Want me to let you go?”
But simply knowing that Tony was there, and hearing his soothing, even breaths made Steve want to snooze the morning away, and steal under the covers again to share a pillow with his boyfriend for endless hours.
In the final days of drafting their proposal for the unification, Steve and Tony reconsidered the summer solstice with nothing more than determination and budding dreams. The celebrations were dramatically dissimilar, but theoretically compatible: it was possible to celebrate with games and food all day and lead into a night of fireworks and more food. If their wedding followed the summer solstice, it would give their people two consecutive national holidays - one to celebrate with their families and neighbors, and another to enjoy as a nation.
“It is the least we can do,” Steve corrected gently, and watched as Tony’s smile visibly grew steadier and more relieved. “We will spend the first night with our people, but in the morning, if no emergencies interfere, we retire and rest in private. Agreed?”
“In his defense,” Steve said once he had both of their attention, “I recognize that I have no experience.”
There was a loveseat and a small, round table with three chairs. In true, student apartment fashion, none of it matched.
Tony turned his gaze down to the floorboards, where the dried fecal matter splattering up between the planks, the years of filth and scuff marks smeared in every direction could disgust him, but they wouldn’t hurt him.
hero.
“Are you fucking with me?”
Too desperate to scream and fight, and too hurt to think clearly, Steve held his head in his hands, gripping fistfuls his hair while he tried to maintain his composure.
“—and does he have the kind of job that allows for a family? Or does he expect that you’ll drop everything if the kids need you? What if there’s an issue with religion? What if he believes in spanking, or corporal punishment?”
Steve came to a halt in the middle of the suite as the decision solidified in his heart. This part of the night felt all wrong - he wanted to go home. Loose limbed and still a little dizzy from the long massage, Steve shuffled to the nearest phone to call the front desk and arrange a car to take him home.
“I am Sam Wilson,” the other man said. “This is James Barnes. We work in Research and Development for MI6, the Secret Intelligence Service.”
Steve slipped into the room and let the door click shut behind him. With quiet, confident steps, he picked his way across the room, neatly avoiding the cramped desk stacked three, four feet high with textbooks and binders, and tip-toeing past the landslide of stinky laundry,
Tony laughed quietly at him, but he wriggled an inch or two closer and said, “Hi back.”
Steve blinked at him wildly, trying to make sense of what had just happened. To have anyone accuse him of misunderstanding the English language was the last thing he had expected. “I—what?”
“My computer, the hard drive, it’s all—it’s all gone, I have a back-up from weeks ago but it doesn’t have my charts or the, the video of Dum-E’s skills—”
“The final prize is a box of Australia’s own double-coated Tim Tams!” Georgie promised with a big smile, then with a mischievous glint in her eye, she shrugged and said, “or, whatever sweets we can scrounge out of Karl’s lunch box.”
Even after six hours of similar horrors, Tony shuddered involuntarily. Steve didn’t flinch.
Steve turned to her and gave her a flinty glare. “He calls me
Steve smiled to himself quietly. He didn’t deserve it, but he would take it. “I promise, Tony. I’ll call you as soon as we’re clear.”
Tony must have looked about as offended as he felt by the suggestion, because Carol made the rare effort to gentle her voice when she continued Rhodey’s train of thought. “There are good restaurants in Boston, you don’t need to fly to Paris.”
With a gust of friction, Steve slid to a stand-still immediately over Tony’s head.
Not everyone was that lucky.
“Could you,” Steve tried again, his words slurring together. “Lights.”
“I think I’ll stick with law enforcement, thanks.”
Tony gave him a wry look over his sunglasses. “Tell you what,” he said when Happy didn’t quite read between the lines. “If those college students abandon graduation and run all the way here from MIT just to track me down… you’ll be the first to know.”
“Allow me to be the first to tell you that you have quite arresting features. Your overall affectation inspires trust,” Jane told him on the way back to the tailor’s shop. “Should you fail to enjoy your life as an officer of the peace, the career of an actor may be in your future.”
“You like it!” Tony cheered with a bark of laughter, snatching up the canvas bag to drop into the seat next to Steve. “Man, plot twist. So babe is a no-go, but Sparky—”
“Was this not meant to be for a female audience? How will the connection be made if your subject is a man?”
Steve was still laughing too hard to breathe when an excited group of ten-year-olds ran into the classroom and loudly cheered, “Mr. Tony!”
His only memory of the blast was the weightlessness of flight, and in the next heartbeat, his pain was no more.
As he knelt to wash Steve’s legs, ass, and everything in-between, he couldn’t help but shake his head and, glancing up at Steve, muttered, “I feel like someone’s going to report me to the authorities for touching priceless art any minute now...”
“She hot?”
Steve blinked bleary eyes open at Maria’s barely-concealed rage. He made a questioning sound and picked up the paper to see what she meant.
With Lila’s help, Steve fried all the struffoli and separated the syrup into three different pans. They added one kind of nut to each pan of struffoli, stirred it all in, and at the end, they sat around the counter picking from a plate of each variety as they each considered which combination was best. Steve was fondest of his childhood hazelnut flavor, while the rest of them were split between hazelnuts and almonds. All, except for Bucky, who took to the macadamia nut struffoli with great gusto.
