This is serenity in the night time. A facade for other, loud and volatile things eclipsed by the suffocation of the day.
His back should be ramrod straight with the posture he insists on maintaining but in this moment I notice it’s more curved than I realised, more elegant. Flourished like a dramatic letter ‘S’ in black ink. He’s pacing, his hands flitting from in front of his face to the small of his back to his sides to brush the wallpaper to touch at his mouth. I can’t keep up. He’s pretending this is some commonplace deduction; it clearly isn’t.
-and only then, because there is no point in me.
There are people floating between you in blue or white suits (you can’t quite remember) and they’re all blind, they’re all already dead. What the point? You wonder this, often enough. Surely the only point to existence is the adrenaline of destruction. Destruct, reconstruct, tear ourselves to pieces again. How do you listen to someone else’s heartbeat with the knowledge that it could fit quite exactly in your fist? How do you watch someone else make a cup of tea with the intimate knowledge of how to kill a human in three hundred and forty-nine different ways?
“It’s not, actually, tradition.” He’d said, staring at the cranberry sauce. “It’s more traditional to have goose.”
My left palm moved to curl around the side of his cheek, and when our skin initially made contact I noticed his eyelids flutter ever so slightly, as if blinking into a state of alertness under the dark. They stilled, though (as everything is wont to do), and I continued burning the map of his face into my memory, as I had done so many times before. I traced the contours of his eye sockets running into the bone of his brow, so uncreased and gentle. Every hollow of his face was accentuated by the fire, which I always imagine holds the secret to a magic trick; sullying the room while it performs the exact same process at the exact same time, only this time to purify it. In this strange, somehow unnatural-natural light, in this contradiction he seemed wholly unreal, like it was dangerous for me to be touching such an empyreal, celestial creature. To me, in this wash of orange and shadow, his mind was older than the stars.
Like birds in a ribcage or--
My mind. You’re a construct of it, you should know.
No. To him. We’re not the same.
We said goodbye to our friends as they stepped into taxis or behind the tinted glass of faceless cars, one by one. They left, everyone left, grinning and smiling through their farewells, lit upwards from the inside out. Until, of course, it was just us. Just us and the big house with all of it’s empty rooms, just us making it seem somehow even fuller than it had been before.
Yes. You could say that.
“are we lost
I stood there, watching the dog tear up the untouched sand so jubilantly, so carelessly, as if it can be a good thing to make the first marks on something cleaner than it was before. I suppose, in a way, it is. I watched as seaspray was flung over his muzzle, as if the ocean were throwing fistfulls of the stuff - either in warning or celebration, I’m not entirely certain which - as he danced unchoreographed melodies into the waves.
That’s why.
Later, with Mycroft and Molly and Greg and Greg’s daughter, Beth, all chatting amiably at our dining table, Sherlock had peered over my shoulder only to sniff haughtily at the turkey. “I don’t understand why we have to do this, either. I don’t even like turkey very much.”
He places the photograph back onto the desk. The curtains are creased in this way permanently because they are never closed. He looks at his blurred reflection from the black outside. Never crisp. He doesn’t see.
I could panic now, if you wanted.
You want him empty under you.
“have you ever heard the sound the sea makes when nothing is happening except the moon and her distant pull”
Sherlock,
I was right, I think with a muted air of triumph. This wasn’t an ordinary deduction.
Sherlock Holmes has a speech. A brilliant speech. I can see it brewing behind his eyes, and I can see it because tiny traces of light, made solid by something neither of us can explain, are pouring out of the corners.
Or at least, what your mouth reiterates--
-makes a hollow flame.
) give the illusion of a blonder shade, somewhat reminiscent from his youth. [...] Height: (
) a fascinating anticlimax. Aging and slowly dying (
Yes. Go back.
You know that the most temporary things are the most precious.
One: The cycle-
You sit there for a while, but you don’t record the passing of time. You let your longing for rain filter in and out of your thoughts. The clouds drift so the inside-fog of the room is lifted and the light seems to celebrate the dying of the sun. Dust floating, spinning out of and beyond reason, threaded with golden cotton.
“Use more tape!” I had supplied cheerfully, whilst winding another set of lights around the banister on the stairs.
Partway along Sherlock grabbed my hand, complained it was cold and proceeded to stuff it into his pocket, my palm pressed against his. He was right - always, naturally - and his pocket was warm so I stayed.
He moves into the kitchen, cuffing a solitary fist through his hair. Lights on, kettle on; John opens the fridge. You remain in the half-darkness - the place where everything is washed in the sort of damp you can’t taste, turning yellows into greys and reds into blacks - and you watch the ceramic stage. You watch the play unfurl. He stands in the limelight with no lines to remember. Your mind stores the images of him while your eyes track his movements. You don’t try to think of anything.
There’s a ticking, now; a distinct metronome.
“John,” You say but he only turns around like he expected you to be there and his eyes sing with something quite like sincerity. His hands don’t stop moving. You don’t say anything else and after a while he turns back, as if the pull of your thoughts aren’t strong enough to keep him attentive and tethered to you.
) navy blue. His hair is an ashen colour, clearly greying, yet has the tendency to occasionally catch the light and (
“everyone has become ballerinas and thunderstorms and yellow fireworks”
I can’t breathe because of you.
older with the dust”
Yes. No. Not only that but--
You are staring at John.
So yes, October. I think the outing must have been spontaneously arranged because we didn’t arrive on the little, isolated beach until fairly late in the day. It was cold, bitingly cold, but I had insisted that we both wrap up and it was okay, the temperature was fine. I was warm enough in my own skin, after all.
-I think it’s a scalpel. You said scalpel at the start.
Something is hissing in a pan on the hob while the kettle is reaching its crescendo and he can’t hear you breathing.
“You. What I’m trying to articulate is that. That.”
“Recently, I’ve been thinking,”
Our eyes had met then, and I remember the feeling of mine becoming impossibly softer under his. “You could have just asked, you know.”
When do you end, where do you--
Scalpel, or- knife.
I’ll always be here And he’d
You place your palm against the side of his throat and press at the base of it with your thumb, just slightly. Holding him like something vulnerable with no more pressure than that of implied protection or gentle restraint. He’s still able to breathe. You’re not doing anything wrong.
The further I’d walked, the more the purple hue enveloping my veins dissipated until, eventually, I was left with a sort of hollow feeling, like I had burned all of my insides up. The colour fell off my skin in waves. I began to think about my age, about both our ages. Sherlock was younger than me, but not by much. Three short years. I thought about dying a lot, on that hill. About which one of us would die first. About how much time we had left as a solid unit. We needed to stop tearing the walls of Us down because it would take days upon days to build ourselves back up again. We didn’t have the time for all the petty fighting. I didn’t have the time to find so much fault in so much of him; we’d already had those years.
“John,”
He had been right.
With no other warning, his eyes had shot open to meet mine and his back became ramrod straight as he came. Just watching him get lost within himself nearly undid me entirely. Then, with softly whispered syllables lost to his gaze and his body still undulating slightly under me, I was toppled off the edge alongside him as I bit roughly into the flesh on his throat. I came back to myself moment later, breathing hard into column of neck having collapsed my chest onto his.
“Why?” His eyebrows had creased somewhere in the middle. One paragraph in the books and books of Sherlock that I had learned to read: this was genuine confusion. “I haven’t done anything particularly arousing.”
are we older now
It slips so neatly and--
forget the sky isn’t here”
You lie to yourself, if only for a moment.
And I hold your waist gently between both my thumbs so that you may lean into me, and I may lean into you.
). In this moment, humbled (
“Which of course, is usually considered a fairly dangerous pastime. For me. Especially for me. I am not comfortable with reaching inside my head with my own fist and pulling out all the wires just to see exactly how I tick. But recently, I’ve found it’s a necessity. Because I am confused. I don’t get confused.”
So why are we-
So press harder, acting as though to appease his idiosyncrasy. Harder and harder, all the while inching your hips slowly deeper, down and down. Take and take and take. He must feel as though he is drowning in you.
There wasn’t much space on the sofa but we managed to arrange ourselves all the same. Soon I had removed both our shirts and his pyjama bottoms, before I’d guided his arms back up over his head and held him down again.
His eyes meet yours in the near-darkness, half closed and comfortable. He wouldn’t flinch as you held a scalpel above his beating heart, pressing insistently forwards with the understated sharpness of the blade. In and in.
You know-
You move to touch him and pull once, twice, before he arches and comes across his stomach with his head thrown back. So human. So filthy. You wonder why everything is so complicated and often lost or extenuated in literature or in the biased imaginings of our own human condition when, in actuality, everything is so base and simple.
“I, uh. I’m not the most natural being at- this. I should probably make myself clear: it’s you. You’re distracting me, hindering my work. No, no, don’t apologise. You’re doing nothing different.”
There is no such thing as a right moment and soulmates do not exist.
At the top of the rise there’s this ancient oak tree. I had passed it, trailing my fingers across the ugly surface of the trunk, thinking about age. Thinking that even this would end. I’d put both my hands behind my back and swore to myself that the next time I was up here, I’d be holding his hand instead. And so my memory leaves me. My feet had bravely insisted, “Forwards,” and onwards indeed I had marched into the low glare of the evening, too scared to turn around and to find my shadow disintegrating already, getting lost on the wind.
The early afternoon hum on the pavement below us gets carried upwards on the daylight, like how cobwebs somehow - sometimes - carry noises if you close your eyes hard enough. It makes him look very vulnerable.
On my right side.
“These,” I had written, “Are the facts:
Because-
Sinking. You think it’s like watching someone drown - like watching someone you love drown - but you’re standing on the harbour or you’re standing on the beach or you’re standing on the cliff face and you can’t do a thing to save them.
Twenty-six.
He had panted, “Jeans, your. Jeans.” And, finding myself trapped between the grip of his thighs, I could do nothing more than unbutton and unzip myself, noting absently that the friction of my zipper would probably rub his skin raw.
But other times I want you like this.
I’d caught a glimpse of the genuine smile, if only for a second. “I am asking, John.” He had glanced at me again, fire in his eyes. “John Watson, my lover, my only, my heart, will you please - for the love of all that is holy - have your way with me
And in.
But I’m getting ahead of myself. I know all this because it has already happened. In my chronology, all I can think of are swans. Swans, although built like vessels, are not seaworthy. I think of swans, gliding, trapped on the ocean, drowning in a loss of direction, starving for freshwater fish. Poor cygnets, their grey feathers dressed all in white. Poor cygnets, not a drop to drink, alone on a wide, wide sea.
Blazing; it licks at you like flames over a carcass. The kitchen is burning up, harsh yellow light spilling out of every crack like precise and untamed daggers, reaching for your body. You’re standing in the middle of the flames while the heat tumbles over you in waves.
“I like them better on you, anyway,” I’d murmured before running my hand down and underneath the offending article, merely holding his stomach with my thumb dipping into his belly button, enjoying the heat of him.
) and vulnerable (
“So I don’t forget you.”
But I still trust you.
It’s like here, but upside down.
“i quite think
The knife-
Taxi.
It is july.
The spoon is. The spoon is. Hit-ting the sur-face with the sub-con-scious force of some-thing which is go-ing to die.
Look the letterbox will need to be fixed
I had laughed then, wrapping my arms around his body and drawing him close to me. “Keep it there,” I had said. “You never know. It might still prove to be a quite handy spot.”
He’d said I love you.
) that sat, for the moment, untouched. He was either enjoying the steady flow of steam onto his neck or he was oblivious. Thinking (
-here? Because it’s better than other things.
Without touching him, without touching him at all I whisper something into the side of his neck before stepping back and force our eyes to meet. For some reason, this moment is so much more monumental. So first our eyes and then my palms meet his shoulder blades, his spine. I can’t help but hold him - powerful and unstoppable and deadly him - as if he might shatter into forty thousand pieces at any moment.
Rosie nodded and pointed at the biscuits. “For you. To be happy.”
“John, you didn’t hurt her.”
doing?”
God forbid Sherlock be unbothersome and it be a good thing.
Rosie lay on him silently, but she was still awake. Her breathing had slowed down as she calmed down from her scare, but not enough to say that she had fallen asleep, and every so often she would shift a little, possible to cuddle closer with her blanket or general uncomfortable positioning.
Unused to this, Rosie stretched and reached out to grip the edge of the chair cushion, grunting as she leveraged herself onto her feet. Still, Sherlock stared ahead.
John closed his mouth, and exhaled through his nose. He tenderly slid his fingers across Sherlock’s skin and then off. The hairs on Sherlock’s arms stood up and he experienced a second where the hitch in his breath was uncontrollable.
“Why don’t you fetch it, and we can show it to Sherlock?” John prompted. Rosie gave a little ‘ooh!’ and quickly turned to slide off the bed, racing to the door, shouting “Be right back!”
John crossed his legs and laid his hands on the arm rests, staring down Sherlock. Sherlock matched him, but placed his hands in his lap, fingers laced together. He’d steeled his face, left over from dealing with Mycroft. The openness that he had been teasing John with earlier had been shielded, but now that John knew it was there…he thought he could draw it back out.
“But,” Rosie looked toward Sherlock’s room, blocked by the kitchen wall, and then quickly back to John, confusion in her furrowed brows. “He’s sad.”
to cum until we reached the bedroom.”
And alright was… a word for what Sherlock was.
He set his pot off the heat without answer, but reached up to the nearest cupboard to the right, pulling out a box and setting it on the counter.
, and if he does not open the door, I will go next door and call the police.”
“Likewise.” And,
Mycroft was a moron.
John didn’t complain that he was left to clean up the pieces of everything while Sherlock perused the kitchen absentmindedly. John handed him Rosie’s plastic skull, and she took it tiredly, but just rested it against Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock tries not to wince at the constant, painful grip John has on him. He should let John get through it by himself, and he can manage the pain that might come from imposing himself into John’s pain. But Rosie wails behind him.
While Sherlock’s strops always seemed to outdo the last, whether he’s extremely broody or strung out on nicotine patches, none compare to the strops of John Hamish Watson.
He would barely have noticed it if Sherlock’s hand hadn’t brushed across his own, cradling Rosie to his chest.
Sherlock gave no indication that he noticed John, but for a slight shift of his legs, throwing them over the arm of the sofa. The length of them were spread along the sofa, highlighting the rest of the sharp angles of his body, dressed in his tight dress shirt and trousers.
John stopped him.
inside. So, he didn’t worry.
Sherlock’s eyes widen and he nods, quickly stepping back and gathered up Rosie, blanket, runny nose and all. With a little sob and hiccup that went through her whole body, Rosie fell onto Sherlock’s chest and clutched to him as he whisked her out of the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
John ended up having to slide Sherlock off himself, hissing from overstimulation when Sherlock kept sucking his softening cock. Though his blood was singing and his muscles sluggish, John pulled lightly on Sherlock’s head and he stood, immediately planting a kiss on John.
He breathed harshly and obviously loud for Sherlock’s sake – hopefully he could remember what the signs for being quite annoyed were – clenching his jaw and frowning at the mantle.
“New experiment, then.”
Sherlock meanwhile had dispatched with his own intruder, aiming an unfamiliar gun at him, most likely taken from the man sprawled on the floor. The man sneered up at him, but did not move, since Sherlock had aim at his heart.
“Seryok?” Her little voice called out.
He’s a second off, stumbling over toys in the dark, and John’s subconscious is in control so he lashes out at the touch that feels foreign to a mind under attack.
Sherlock was nearly sprawled across the space between John and Rosie, one arm raised in front of him. John’s hand has wrapped tightly around his wrist, gripping enough to bruise and pulled Sherlock closer to him, snarling into his face, now awake.
It was good. God, it was fantastic.
Sherlock licked his lips and quickly bit the bottom one, deftly sliding his hands to John’s belt, keeping eye contact as he purred, “Don’t you remember, John? You didn’t want
She pouted, through to when John tucked her into her blankets, but from one minute to the next – enough time to get a glass of water – she’d closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
“Oh, John!”
“I do listen to you, John.” He murmured.
“You lovely…
“Fuck.” John muttered, dropping his head as his face flushed. Mycroft’s umbrella tapped behind him and the man stopped to the side of John’s chair. John kept his face turned away, but Mycroft could probably read his heartbeat from the pulse in his neck.
Rosie eyed them, biting on her lip and humming. After a moment, Sherlock smirked at her and offered her a choice of the biscuits, which she took happily and immediately shoved into her mouth.
“I wasn’t – ”
Sherlock chuckled, then stood and slid past John into the kitchen in a swift motion.
Sherlock peered up at him only slightly, still examining his papers on the floor and mumbling to himself.
If he actually has to fire the damn thing, his shoulder is going to be out of commission for more than a week.
Sherlock squared his shoulders and in a reciting tone, informed John, “Rosamund is your daughter, and I am not her caretaker.”
Sherlock healed, though he gained a few other bruises from a few cases. His side was one long purple and blue mess, thankfully with no internal bleeding, but it took the longest to lighten up, and for once, Sherlock let Lestrade take the suspect down, holding his side when they’d stopped running.
The niceties of Sherlock’s techniques were still affecting him, little hums around his cock and his tongue dragging along the underside, but they were sent to the back of John’s brain as he thrusted into Sherlock’s mouth, digging his teeth hard into his bottom lip.
The entire thing was a dull, beige-ish white, but was definitely plastic, since it had no damage from its plummet onto the hardwood - even though carpeted.
“Any chance to convince you to take a break?”
“I’m sorry she distracted you.” John cleared his throat and rubbed his hand on the back of his neck. He started forward again toward Rosie and Sherlock as he continued, “I know you have this case and if she’s being a bother-”
And as he unbuttoned the trousers and slid his hand down John’s abdomen, Sherlock tilted his head, teasing his long fingers at the hem of John’s boxers.
She was a little early in picking up real words, but even that was quite the word for a barely-one-year-old. He stood from his chair and stepped over behind Rosie, resting one hand on her back.
“Oh, trust me, John.” He breathed along John’s jaw, before taking John’s hands and moving them off his body, stepping away. “We have all night.”
“Sure it’s not your dear friend, Watson?”
It was
He said, “Mandible, my dear.” And went back to his work.
Apparently three biscuits were too many, as normal bedtime had passed and Rosie was still bouncing, still playing and when it went downhill, John could tell it was either going to be exhaustion or tantrum.
Also, Happy International Women's Day!
But when John’s past comes to haunt him, it haunts Rosie too.
John pulled away from Sherlock with a harsh breath, and dropped his head back on the cushion, eyes closed. He panted, but still called out in reply, “What’re doing, love?”
Then Sherlock glanced at John, looked him up and down and then slowly away, unbuttoning the top button of his shirt - all in front of his brother and all for John to notice.
“Charming, as always, brother.” John could imagine the face Mycroft pulled and smiled despite his previous embarrassment. “I assume the young Rosamund is out?”
When he returned to the world of Baker Street, bright morning sunlight streamed through the windows and John had appeared in his chair across from Sherlock and Rosie.
“Why?”
“No, love, it’s almost eight thirty. You need to start going to bed.” Rosie pouted. Refusing to respond to John, she attempted to grab her duck, only for John to move it behind him and say again, “Rosie,
Rosie scowled at Sherlock. He could at least give her his long and spindly fingers to examine. Possibly gnaw on.
He plucked a sharp note.
“John, I –”
John puttered around the kitchen, talking softly to Rosie who was watching him with rapt attention, a yellow teething ring held in one hand.
She was as quiet as she’d been when clutching John’s leg, now latched onto Sherlock’s torso. She must have murmured something to him when he’d let her into his arms, as he replied almost immediately, “I said I’d be alright, my dear.”
“Is Dad okay?” She consciously elongated the sound of her ‘o’, recently learning the transition to the harder sound of ‘k’ and then brighter ‘a’. It was quite a happy afternoon when she’d first done that.
“Against the counter, John.” He hummed, dropping to his knees as they both crossed the space from table to counter, John gripping the edge with both hands and eyes trained on Sherlock’s pink lips, hovering close to his jutting cock as Sherlock settled below him.
“Not a teenager anymore.” John reminded lightly.
John stepped away from the door with a short, “Sure, love.”
“I’m sure Sherlock wouldn’t mind some lunch. You think, darling?” Rosie babbled her agreement, leaning forward over her legs to stare at Sherlock in the living room. She very quickly recognized Sherlock as a figure in her life, and often watched this strange man who she and her father now lived with.
He’d just made out with that man. And he planned to do it again.
He must’ve been out of practice, and lost what little element of surprise he had, when it took three attempts to get the door open. No one was in the entryway to meet him, but there was copious shouting from upstairs, none of it Sherlock.
“Seryok…” he murmured.
Sherlock had long been burned out, no match in his state for a sugar-enhanced toddler, though he still tried to respond if Rosie talked to him directly.
And Sherlock, hiding his winces by looking down, wasn’t going to tell her to stop.
call it that.”
John had received the text over two hours ago, and it barely phased him when the flat was sometimes filled with noxious smells. And when his phone wasn’t bombarded with at least three more in succession, as was prone to Sherlock when he was bored, John had thought little of it.
“And yours?”
John scrambled to shut it quickly, making a face with his mouth in a line and curling into his chair to just hide the damn laptop from sight.
John was silent, eyes flitting between Sherlock’s open lips and his blown-out pupils, while Sherlock’s brain was frantically recording the feel of John’s mouth, John’s hands and the grounded way they held him, and finally John’s blissed out gaze after Sherlock had been kissed thoroughly breathless.
Sherlock bit his lip.
He joined Sherlock and Rosie, lifting Rosie onto the bed to make room for him to sit on the edge. She clambered over to the plate, grabbing as many biscuits as she could – most of the ones on the plate – and held them out to John and Sherlock.
“Okay.” Rosie said after a moment, and released her hold on Sherlock.
And please, if I have incorrectly represented PTSD with John's attitude or behavior, tell me so that I can fix it and do this subject justice.
He blinked and his hands fell away from his lips, eyes now right on Rosie. John cursed in surprise, dropping his stirring spoon on the floor with a clatter.
John, for a second, breathed a little harder, but kept his fingers along the sharp path of Sherlock’s jaw, only letting up when he reached his hairline. His heart was pounding, not fast, but
“Stop!” Rosie jumped, and John grimaced, but she remained asleep. He raised his hand towards Sherlock, “I just…
John crossed his arms, then, and lifted his chin at Sherlock. “But if the next time,
John would start to thrust into Sherlock’s mouth, but quickly stop, shutting his eyes and shaking his head, white-knuckling the counter. However, he couldn’t keep his eyes shut for long, as Sherlock would pull his attention down to him again, flashing his arousal-bright eyes from under his lashes.
“It’s not a bother, John.” This stopped John in his tracks, arms outstretched to retrieve Rosie. Sherlock brushed a blonde curl from her face, which made her scrunch up her nose when it tickled. “Not a bother.”
, Mycroft.”
“I explained what happened,” John leveled a glare at him, and Sherlock added, “Nothing too specific. She wanted to know if you were going to be alright.”
Maintaining eye contact, Sherlock slid off his cock and stroked the spit-slicked skin with one hand. He took a harsh breath, then with his lips still dangerously close to John’s cock, said, “You can fuck my mouth, John.”
~~~~~~
through everything in their path. They burn through
John held Sherlock’s forearm in one hand, and with the other was gingerly tracing the purpled bruise vaguely in the shape of his nightmare-strengthened grip. His gaze was just as focused, brows furrowed, a crease in the middle. His lips were slightly parted and breathing slow.
Hello everyone, only two chapters to go! This one was little tamer, romance-wise, but more is to come!
Apparently, Sherlock was as eager to get Mycroft out of Baker Street as John, shutting the file closed with a quiet smack and tossing it onto the floor.
After her biscuit was gone, and she’d wiped her hands on her shirt –
“John.” Sherlock called, barely above a breath. Rosie didn’t stir, but neither did John. Sherlock cleared his throat, a bit louder and John peeked out at him from the space between his index finger and thumb.
But John…John knew Sherlock as his friend, not a babying older brother. He looked at Sherlock’s face; that he was grinding his teeth and pressing his fingers into the violin strings so hard they were white.
But when did he ever do things at someone else’s convenience?
, Mycroft strode from the flat.
her.”
And two, uninterrupted weeks dancing around Sherlock while Sherlock...while Sherlock hung around the kitchen handing him spices and utensils, tucked his feet under John’s legs on the sofa and every night slipped to his bedroom before John, leaving the door open behind him.
John had gone to put Rosie down for the night, and she had been particularly obstinate lately, so Sherlock assumed John was going to make sure she was resting.
Sherlock moaned softly, but pulled away to give him a pointed look.
Sherlock let out a laugh, striding towards John in one, great step, beaming as he said, “Of course you do, I should’ve known.”
“Won’t keep her up more than an hour.”
.” John gasped as Sherlock took his cock in hand, slipping it out of his pants. Sherlock grinned predatorially and pushed his thighs against John’s.
“Help.” she said.
“The second shot”, he said gravely. “If we hurry, we can make the midday train to Kirkcudbright and have lunch there. I would rather not be around Mazarin for the next few days.”
The young man had been injured in a car crash some four years back (something that I had
The Adventure Of The Fiery Blaze
I felt sorry for the innocent baby whose father had made such poor decisions in his life, yet I also felt something akin to relief. The thought of a blood relative of mine killing my fellow countrymen – it was horrible!
“Remember London last month?” he grinned.
I was clearly going senile in my old age. He nodded, his handsome face devilishly dark as he watched me put two and two together.
A spiritual wise-man who gave out rather more than just words of advice
“Yes”, I said, “but it is a couple of miles from the centre of the village. You know what station names are like, often far from the places that they purport to serve. The service probably also provides for those who need to come into Penzance and shop; even with one horse-power it is better than walking especially if one is to be returning with bags of shopping.”
The Adventure Of The Deadly Drops
“But what about me?” the photographer demanded.
“You've come too late, gentlemen”, he said grimly. “It’s blood now.”
“To be honest sir, I do not quite trust that French plane”, he admitted, “although that may be just because I do not trust the French, full stop!  When the call went round for pilots over fifty men applied, so I knew that with my limited flight time I had no chance. But I enjoy managing this end of things, and my family is involved with our Nation's attempt to design and produce something that will fly the Frogs out of our skies.”
“I know”, he said, blushing deeply for some reason. “You see, I wondered....”
Our families also continued to grow that year, as Lord Harry's wife produced a fourth son for him, whom he called Lion after his cousin, and my niece Mary had a daughter who was named in her honour. And that was not the only new thing that year.
“Oh fuck!” I gasped.
– awaits.”
“You mean that everything she told the constable may have been true, but that she did not tell the constable everything”, Sherlock said. “A sharp fellow indeed; in our long years of work far too many people have tried that trick. What was Miss Ockham doing when Mr. Leeds was attacked?”
That was probably too loud even for the Wiltshire countryside. He looked visibly embarrassed.
1904. Sherlock helps out his former landlady Mrs. Malone and his friend Chem over a small matter when someone stops behaving badly. Meanwhile Lady Holmes hurts her hand.
“Mr. Bassett-Evans has written to us”, I said. “My half-nephew who we helped out near your home town just before we left Baker Street.”
“Stop it!” he grumbled.
“Mr. Holmes!”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Two Clansmen
“Our guest means that the Americans are undertaking what is known in the trade as sabre-rattling”, I said. “They do not like the British having a base that close to what they regard as
The policeman eased himself carefully down into our fireside chair, wincing as he did so. On the other hand some things did not change.
“A Mr. Cheam borrowed five hundred pounds from the North Midland Bank in Derby about a month ago”, he said. “A false name of course. The manager who made the loan said that he was a slight gentleman, quite young but of good character. At least until they came to want the money back and found they'd been kippered!”
Just minus my top.
“Now that he is here”, Sherlock smiled, “we
“Like we had any choice!” Mr. David Baddesley muttered.
“Father, my uncles and Chummy are talking about moving to the United States soon”, the young man said, putting his walking-stick aside as he sat down. “I wish them well, but after marrying Edie I am settling in London. We are going to name two of our sons after Grandfather and Chatton, assuming that we have boys.”
Last year the dog had had his twentieth –
“That is unsurprising”, he said. “I only wish that we had been able to contact Lieutenant Anderson directly, but for obvious reasons we cannot.”
Hercules and the founding of the Olympics with 'different' events
As did opening and closing the damn door!
“He advised me that a certain chain of events was going to unfold this coming month”, Sherlock said, nodding slightly for some reason, “and that it would unless stopped or diverted end in the death of a family member. Someone from your family.”
“Highly impractical”, Sherlock said, turning to the constable. “Why is there a scarecrow? Its presence seems somewhat unnecessary.”
“My ladies wear British attire when they go shopping”, the sheikh said, “and given the general uselessness of the police service in the area I employed a private company to track you down. That makes two lots of people in this country who need to learn their manners. Tom, what is it
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Much as with my lost nephew, sometimes a death in the family has surprisingly little effect on people. Sherlock had warned me that the government was closing in on the treacherous Mr. Bevill Holmes, bastard son of a certain utterly unmissed brother of my friend, and with the tide beginning to turn the lounge-lizard's spawn had made a run for his paymasters only to be caught even before he had made it out of London. He would face a fitting end in the Tower, where he would be missed by very few.
1928. Sherlock goes a little too far.
“It is strange”, I said, ignoring the show-off in the vicinity, “that it took two really bad kings like John and his son Henry the Third to advance the English constitution. But then I suppose that poor Earl Simon would turn in his grave if he saw our modern system, especially when women do finally get the vote.”
Mr. Drake Hale seemed uncertain but nodded and led the way inside, although I noted that he kept his huge frame between us and his charges. Inside he poured drinks and we sat on opposite sides of a table, his son and his son's friend either side of him.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“But Mother”, he whined, “Doctor Anderson is a
The Adventure Of The Doomed Heir
in short order. You will move out of the Hall tonight; do not take more than one handbag or these pictures –
He nodded, his face dark again.
“Of course, sir.”
The Adventure Of The Hard Lesson
I had underestimated him, for he staked his claim on me that same evening and carried me around our bedroom roaring his pleasure at his too having fucked a knight of the realm. Even if he had to have a lie down afterwards. And a nap.
The Hound Of The Baskervilles
“YesFather!” I said in what was arguably a high-pitched tone.
On our way back south we first visited Tobermory and the Isle of Skye before calling in on Mr. Bronn Blackwater and his lovers, who were then living somewhat ironically in Kyle of Lochalsh, where Mr. Lannister had famously 'disappeared' all those years ago, and whom we had last seen in person some five years back when our friend had been a complete wreck.
I duly came again, this time more feebly but catching him across the face. He grinned at me then removed it and began to rub it into his skin scenting himself from me.
“Mrs. Hawke will likely remain married to her poor husband until she finds something better or he divorces her”, I explained. “The latter is fraught with social problems but she may be persuaded to sue for a divorce herself if she thinks that she would win a large cash settlement from it, either as a pay-off or through the courts. A sizeable enough large divorce settlement would offer her the chance to marry some other poor su.... gentleman who might be prepared to overlook her many failings.”
He had been diagnosed with a fatal disease and had hoped to live on by wooing and marrying his mother's ward Miss Anne Barstow, but she preferred visiting American Mr. Nicholas Cartwright. Rebuffed, he exacted a terrible vengeance by framing his rival then committing suicide during a séance in such a way as to make it look as if the American had shot him. It worked; Mr. Cartwright was later hung for the crime in the States. Only the belated confession of a maid cleared the dead man and reopened the case, which Sherlock solved.
A twenty-tentacled alien that kidnaps an American football team
“'Hal And Thor, Definitely Not Cuddling'”, he announced. “They have certainly both grown up into fine young men.”
Nick bent a little further over his cleaning at the table, clearly trying to hide a laugh. From the way that he was shaking, he was finding it difficult.
I shuddered at that.
. As if the cares of the whole world were on his shoulders.”
“Extremists often fail to see things through the point of view of anyone of dissimilar opinions to themselves”, my love said dryly.
“Has he developed criminal tendencies?” I asked, worried.
“Wh... what is it?” I gasped.
“We may have got away from
Both the Forthrights looked uneasily at each other.
I looked around the room.
It was a good year, made better when the marriages from the one before both produced sons. Young Lord Harry's wife gave him the first Hawke of the next generation whom he named Tobias after his brother (Sherlock was so happy to see that name in the new generation) Meanwhile my adoptive nephew Stephen married a formidable Canadian lady called Miss Georgina Grissom. And my niece Mary gave her loud American husband (who having decided to settle in Scotland had actually been served with a Noise Abatement Order by the local council!) a son, whom he named Buckler after himself.
I did not snigger.
The constable coughed pointedly. The vicar reddened.
Lord Harry sniffed.
“Because we are going to make his wife sue for a divorce!”
I nodded. I could see that divulging the close shot would imply that the victim must likely have known his killer, which would only lead to further speculation. The distant shot left open the possibility that the dead man might have been killed by a shot from the hunting-party in the woods, but somehow I doubted that that was the case.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
He looked at me expectantly, presumably expecting young Scott to materialize in the room.
“The hair is from someone who is being constantly exposed to low levels of a mildly toxic chemical compound”, I said. “The sample is small but I do not think based on the amounts present that such a dose would be fatal, although it may be that the victim is particularly susceptible in some way. There may also be other chemicals involved but of too small an amount to be identified. With what I have I can only be certain of the one.”
with Russia might not be as good a thing as all the experts were claiming.
“There is one thing that your nephew does not know”, John said to me as we stood on the northbound platform of an otherwise deserted Collingbourne Kingston Station in Wiltshire, awaiting the arrival of Lord Trelawney. We had not told my grandson that we were coming and we were well hidden behind some quite impressive station topiary.
I looked at the photograph that was at the centre of our case. It showed four Army lieutenants; one sat in the very centre, two more stood either side of him and a fourth lurking to the right looking almost apologetic at being there, much as Miss Radley-Barnham had said. That, presumably, had to be the object of Miss Elizabeth Woodhouse's affections. Frankly he was not much to look; about twenty-five years of age and possibly with some foreign ancestry judging from his face.
“I do wish that Holly had not called you in”, she said apologetically. “She is such a force of nature when she gets an idea into her head; I always find it easier just to go along with her. Though I shall miss her when she returns to the United States in the New Year.”
“That is exactly his contention sir”, the sergeant said. “Because of the late hour at which he left work that Saturday that would have had to have been a Sunday morning train; he could have reached Derby that night but there is no train back. Expresses don't stop at somewhere as small as our little town.”
“The exact wording of the will, which I am sure your father's most talented solicitor read as commanded and told you that he was doing the same, was that the room containing the three items set aside for your cousins was, and I quote, 'to the left of my door'”, I said. “You did not mention that when he told you that, you all went out and found that the door with the items behind it had been opened during the reading.”
The rugby-field was well-situated, with magnificent views up the coast to the huge castle on its rocky perch. John clearly knew that I had pulled the hooker aside for a reason, but kept silent. We were in the middle of the field before I spoke.
→1.12: Bertha (1897-1955)
“Large organizations are much the same everywhere”, Sherlock sighed. “I will contact Mr. Crowley and the Reverend Rival for you, and ask as to which of the miscreants they dislike the most and could benefit from some gaol time courtesy of a highly-able constable who 'just happened' to be passing when they were committing some terrible crime.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I had no idea why John nodded so fervently at that.
Sherlock looked at the exhibit display card.
deeply”, I added, my voice suddenly dropping, “all the way back to London Town!”
“John and I have broken stronger alibis before”, I said confidently. “Tell me about the times, please.”
Russia, let alone us as well.”
“I suppose you mean Troilus”, he said, sounding doubtful.
John had barely a dozen regular patients at this time and he still helped out at his old surgery at busy times, although regrettably I had once again had to have Words with the managers there who, I had come to suspect, were having rather too many 'busy times' in which they needed their most renowned doctor. Their demands had slackened off after that but two days after the advent of Master Stafford Jackson-Giles my love had been involved in another difficult birth and this time he had lost the mother and, despite his best efforts, her baby too. Such things affected even a professional like him – I knew how much because he would always come home and give me the sort of look that said he wanted nothing more than some of the manly embracing thing that I loved and that he sort of tolerated. If we spent the evening with my taller form resting naked on the top of his shorter but more solid one while we dozed and talked in front of the fire, well, why not? We were not young any more and we had done more than enough to deserve some time to ourselves.
A story about cross-dressing cowboys
miss when we were retired!
“How are the old reprobates?” I asked, not glaring at one of our visitors at all.
We suffered another loss that September when Sherlock's son-in-law Lord Harry Hawke died and was succeeded to the title by his eldest son Lord Tobias, then forty years of age. The new lord had just managed to get his eldest son Tobias, then aged ten, into the prestigious De Montfort's School in Lewes (yes, with Sherlock's help). Father and son both met us in the town and thanked us both for my love's efforts.
The sun was setting and the skies over Chuffingden were an angry red except for a single break in the clouds that, bizarrely, shone down to a spot by our front gate. Guiding my love's way to Heaven, I thought, remembering that painting we had seen in Mr. Galahad LeStrade's art gallery in London over thirty-five years ago. 'The Eve Of The War' indeed....
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Did she say anything about a time or date?” I asked.
“I have two questions”, he said. “First to you, Lady Bradstock. From your knowledge of your father-in-law would you say that he is at all superstitious?”
The Adventure Of Drake's Drum
“People will always want self-determination”, Sherlock said. “But unfortunately they do not live in nice neat packages, so many countries lay claim to the lands of others because a few people of their own culture live just across the border, like Germany did over Alsace and Lorraine last century. Then you have those who want to start new nations, yet seem as bigoted and inflexible as those already in the game.”
The Adventure Of The Three Gables
“We have come to an understanding with them that works for now”, the sheikh said. “They are obliged to send tribute of some sort every ten years and also every time there is a new sheikh, so when my father acceded they sent two handsome young princes of their own dynasty to wait on him, Bill and Ben. He had them castrated and.... I do not think there is an English word for it but they were stripped of their names before being thrown into a dungeon. Ironically that was one of the acts that convinced people my father was some way beyond
He disappeared into a small office and I allowed myself a sigh. I supposed that this place was not so bad on the inside all things considered. It seemed to have windows everywhere, although I had noted that the ones at the front had been covered with that special one-way glass. I wondered what sort of art they had that it needed to be hidden from the passing general public. Perhaps it was all just cover for a high-class molly-house after all?
“It cannot be Blaze”, he said warily. Like me he had a high regard for the silent behemoth who had married the lady unfortunate enough to have had my brother Mycroft as her first husband, a mistake that Blaze and I had eventually managed to help her rectify.
Mr. Guilford Holmes scowled mightily when he called at the end of breakfast to collect us, muttering something about impossible sex-maniacs. Sherlock just smirked which made things worse, especially as I was still weak on my legs. I tried for a smile but it was too much effort.
The Adventure Of Logan's Run
“Why would the police be searching
A king gets down and dirty with his well-endowed royal gardeners
I stared at him in shock.
Suddenly I could see why my some men preferred the single life. Harrumph!
“Elizabeth is over the moon”, he smiled, “and as she has been recognized as my chief lady, the line of succession is assured. Tantalus is certainly providing plenty of back-ups though; five of the ladies that he has 'darkly assisted' have had children, four of them sons, while six more are expecting.”
“Very”, Sherlock said. “I shall miss Baker Street although one consolation will be that we shall not be far from here, so we shall doubtless see them when they visit.”
My son Ivan had safely reached Egypt as part of the British effort against the Ottoman Empire's vulnerable southern front but had then spent much of the year in a hospital there having been badly affected by the heat, even though they were on the coast rather than my own old base in the middle Nile. I fretted over his safety but could do nothing except lie in my lover's arms and worry.
The Untimely Death Of Cardinal Tosca
The lady nodded and opened the register, leafing quickly through it until she found what she was looking for.
“Poor Jack”, I sighed. “This could finish him.
1919. The aftermath of the war continues to damage the families of the dynamic duo, but there are more Scottish scrapes to help take their minds off things as they approach the Roaring Twenties.
“Is Mr. Buckingham not going to Marlborough after all?” John asked.
“Is there any evidence?” I wondered.
The Adventure Of The Giant Rat
“At least it can be treated”, I said grasping for the one good thing in this mess.
I feigned surprise, quickly finished my drink and hurried away with him in hot pursuit. Success!
“Oh yes, that is why I remember it”, she said. “It was a young gentleman with his sister, buying things for their theatre group. He said that it would enable a small lady such as her to play the part of a much larger one. A very nice young couple as I remember.”
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The Adventure Of The Sleepless Policeman
“Do you expect another attack soon?” the lady asked anxiously. Sherlock looked at the calendar.
“So now he is ruined?” I mused. I had always hated Mycroft Holmes for his attitude towards Sherlock and myself, the most hostile in the family after the late and unlamented Torver. “He is reaping what he has sowed.”
The Adventure Of Wisteria Lodge
All three men nodded. I was beginning to know how John said he sometimes felt, all at sea. He turned to me.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Too sweet for me!” I said firmly.
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
1934. There is something long and monstrous (kindly get your mind out of that gutter!), as well as a new man at 'Elementary'.
“You tease your poor friend, just as in his stories”, Miss Kelley said playfully. “To explain doctor, I am the mistress of Ursula’s husband who in turn is the youngest son of Nathaniel Earl of Bradstock. I had a son by Lord Thomas earlier this year, James, and he has promised to support him as he grows up.”
I just smiled innocently at him. He was in no shape for further molestation just now, but there was always the journey back.....
“Were there any others?”
His accent was definitely a Scots one, but not the harsher tones of the central and north. Most definitely a Borderer.
We had another addition to our own family when incredibly Sherlock's fifth great-grandchild was another boy, Peter being young Lord Harry's fifth son in succession! The young dog!
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
A sudden pain in my backside as I moved position reminded me that yes, I knew him
“I just caught that cow of a hostess slapping one of her servants”, he growled. “So we are going to do the do in her own house, then go back in there and face her.”
“I might not say no to sex if it’s on offer, though”, he smiled, running his hand up and down my leg and making me shudder as he neared the top. “But like you, my beautiful Jumbo, that comes later. Besides, there's the question of whether or not it would fit.”
I wanted to make it to that cottage!
“He is some distance away and we can hide in the corridor”, I said. “But he will likely join the back coach and then walk through; that evil nurse must have gotten him a telegram to tell him that this is likely our train. Quick!”
“Jay or me?” Mr. William Forthright asked at last.
“Clearly you have too much time on your hands if you can meddle with the local politics of East Anglia”, I said firmly. “And if you wish to know what women in charge would be like, I think my new 'Lady In Red' series needs editing.”
Apart from those two terrible three-year periods when he and I had been parted – six horrible, empty years that it pains me I can never have back or make amends for – barely a case went by in which he did not accompany me. I know how much it hurt him (despite the many times that he denied it) when people commented that he was there solely as my biographer, bringing my many successes to the wider public. Even if we were parted for but a few hours I could feel myself aching at his absence, knowing that something fundamental in my life was not there.
The bastard wasn't getting lucky all week now!
“I suppose that there is no harm in telling you”, he said. “But I warn you, it is hard to believe. Even for me, and I have the damn papers to prove the whole sorry mess!”
I had some fears that he may well have been right about the Prince of Wales. There was something of a certain recently departed and totally unmissed lounge-lizard about the fellow, despite his popularity and the newspapers contrasting him favourably with his 'stuffy' parents.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
→1.10: Joseph (1894-1944)
I looked pointedly at Captain Higgins, whose smile was now off the scale. Mr. Magnum followed my gaze and, finally, got it.
→1.17: Charles (1901-1945), died on service in World War Two.
He really was incorrigible! Praise the Lord!
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
As my Uncle Sherlock would have said, a smirk is not the same as a smile!
A member of the Church authorities, he was fingered in a whistle-blower case and fled to the Reverend Rival's church purportedly in fear for his life. Sherlock found out that he was in fact a child-abuser and he was handed over to the authorities having 'fallen' on the way. He did not survive his first month in gaol.
The earl turned to his two elder sons.
“It wasn't fair!” he sighed. “He loved me so much and I wanted to have what you and the doctor have, sir, but.... I loved Bertha even more. He was so wonderful when she died, doing everything for me. What am I going to do now I'm all alone?”
Thirty years!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“So that leaves one more person to tell”, he said heavily. “Would you like to break this to him alone, doctor?”
“Whatever it was, it seems to have come over our great-nephew as well”, I teased prodding Dane out of his trance and earning myself a sharp glare and the sort of teenage huff that could have moved mountains. “Since you have come all this way I am sure you that you can find time to stop for some refreshments, then maybe 'someone' can show you around.”
Damnation he was looking at me with that knowing smile of his again! Trust my luck to end up with a mind-reader!
The vehicle was stunning, done unlike my old car in sleek black all over. And engraved on the side of the car was what was my 'W' monogram, just like Sherlock had had done on my old car. I beamed.
The Adventure Of The Beguiling Betrayer
“John?” I managed, gesturing to the ring. I really needed release too. But to my surprise, he just stood up and sat back on the chair opposite.
you. The doctor and I endured the same experience.”
Sherlock was trying his best pleading look on me. Normally I was putty in his hands over most (all right, almost all) things, but this was my professional reputation. I put my foot down.
And there it was. I thought for a moment. I could see two ways forward here, and both were problematical.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Somehow I got through it, although when the general's carriage dropped Sherlock off at the door and he declined to come inside, I silently blessed the fellow. I was in the main room when Sherlock burst through the door and within seconds I had a blue-eyed genius all over me, panting as if he had run a race.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
He hesitated, seemingly finding the ground underneath his boots fascinating. This was really unlike him.
“Sir?” Mr. Jukes looked plain confused.
And, as it turned out, with good reason!
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The constable looked pointedly at the vicar. The four of us were sat in the police-station to which we had adjourned. The vicar nodded.
1939. Sometimes you need a guardian angel to pull the right levers, and ensure the happiest of happy endings.
I blinked. The patch of light was suddenly occupied by a familiar yet impossible figure.
“The boys had something that only happens when close cousins marry”, I explained. “Peter suspected, and asked for me.”
He gulped and visibly shook at the sight of the new nurse, who was very clearly observing us. We left unhurriedly and as the cab began to drive away she came out after us.
The Adventure Of The Falkland Islander
“Surely he cannot”, I said. “I thought that the rules about serving set times were tightened last year?”
The Adventure Of The Biggar Man
I did not!
I thought mutinously.
“If you don't get inside me in the next sixty seconds”, I snarled, “I am withholding sex for a week!”
“I wish you to understand the utter seriousness of this conversation, Mr. Watkin”, he said severely. “I am representing the British government in a most important and delicate matter and we may be dealing with the very
“Who?” I asked
Sherlock pressed his fingers together and thought for a moment.
“Indeed”, Sherlock said. “The wrongful disinheritance of a faithful and above all else healthy son.”
“We shall inform Mr. Delaware that we are fortunately on a return trip to Great Britain”, Sherlock said firmly, “and would welcome the chance to discuss the case with him at his earliest convenience. He can contact us through Baker Street.”
One way in which my own life had changed in those immediate post-war years was when the village garage had set up a petrol-pump on the Lewes to Eastbourne road to the north which was starting to see more and more vehicles, although mercifully it was far enough from the village for us not to hear anything. There was also a sign directing those 'cars' that broke down to the smithy (really a second garage by this time) next door but one to pub, where they could be repaired. Sometimes we even saw the odd vehicle passing through the village
“He will be told to desist by Miss Terry, one of the capital's chief assassins”, Mr. Tudor said. “He will know who she is; she gave him the warning last time which he has subsequently tried to circumvent. She will make clear the consequences – the very terminal consequences – of ignoring her 'advice' this time. Should he persist in his inquiries, he will be viewing the Thames from a low and rather unfortunate angle.”
“Consider”, he said. “She is dating Mr. Gerald Brown at the time. Mr. Brown is, despite his over-inflated opinion of himself, unexceptional and might easily be the first to go if the department is reduced in size. So the two of them hatch a plan. First, Miss Ockham dumps Mr. Brown for the more attractive Mr. Leeds. Few would be surprised at such a development; except most probably Mr. Brown himself at the incomprehensible lack of public astonishment to the woman rejecting someone so
; he is the sort of Teutonic maniac who thinks that one more victory against the French will finish them as a serious rival, and in that at least he may well be right.”
The following day Sherlock decided to pay a call on Mr. Galahad LeStrade whose house was in Southwark just across the river. Number Sixteen Nightingale Lane was a reasonable quality property for the area and my friend knocked at the door. It was opened by a young fellow of whom I quickly noticed three things. First, he was about twenty years of age, with curly chestnut locks framing a boyish face. Second (because some blue-eyed bastard insisted that I mention this trifling and utterly insignificant little detail) he was I suppose arguably attractive in a certain light, and third, he was wearing only a pair of impossibly tight underpants that.... well, they did not so much cover up as proclaim to the world what lay beneath!
The director nodded.
“That is Mozart”, I said. “Technology is so wonderful these days. Next thing they will be making sets to go in automobiles.”
“They really do have pearly gates up here?” John asked.
“That is not true”, Sherlock pointed out reasonably. “My grandson achieved that status last year.”
Born in 1966, the eldest son of Baron Harry II. Was elevated to an earl in 2020 for his good works. His eldest son is Tobias (b. 1986) and the latter's eldest son is Lion (b. 2007).
“Which given the poor visibility that morning implies a most skilled shooter”, Sherlock said. “And the edge of the field borders at one point on the wood where the shooting was going on. I need your professional opinion here, John. Would the local doctor have spotted that had he been allowed to examine the body?”
The Adventure Of The Cancelled Booking
“Can we not block the door?” Lion asked.
“Or possibly trying to mask his own”, Sherlock said. “Who is the investigating officer, please?”
The Adventure Of The Freckled Frieze
“Where is that?” Sherlock asked.
I saw his point at once. That sort of thing was bound to become public knowledge if Miss Hallows actually married Lord Hawke, and it would mean his brother – and worse, the excuse for a female that he was currently married to – the next in line. Of course being a twin the odds on his ever getting the title were at best fifty-fifty, but it had to be considered. John had also explained to me that the disease that the Hawke boys had suffered from some years back and which had exposed my real connection to them would make their having healthy children less likely, although not impossible.
Mr. Jukes looked puzzled.
Probably?
“This is England!” Mr. Denzel Baddesley said at last. “You can't do that sort of thing here!”
“Whereas in contrast Miss Wolferton is large lady?”
“It concerns a photograph that you took some two to three months ago”, Sherlock said. “I really hope that you can remember it for your own sake. It was commissioned by one Lieutenant James Anderson; it featured himself and three of his fellow officers.”
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
The Adventure Of The Stolen Reticule
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
1904. Wife or mistress? The surprising answer in the duo's last ever case from 221B was – both!
A French courtesan who left pink paw-prints on his 'satisfied customers'
“Women cannot be in charge”, he said firmly. “Lord knows where that would end. Next thing we would have a woman prime minister!”
“What was it?” I asked.
He really should have. I know that I was the blood Buckingham and he was adopted, but Father had always made it clear that he treated us as equals, even if I had been the one who was originally supposed to have inherited the family business one day. However my marriage last year to Sarah and the fact that she will inherit a fair-sized chunk of Morayshire one day meant that it had been agreed he would be the one who....
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
with Sherlock then hid her daughter out in South Africa somewhere, and lied to your friend when he found out the truth about their son. It must have been done that way because otherwise Mrs. Zeuson would surely have learned the truth.”
“A bit like my cologne”, I said. “Have you been borrowing it?”
“I can see a way in which that might have been done”, I said, “Has anything else of note occurred?”
Mr. Cooper was pleased to see me although I did wonder whether this had anything to do with my arrival necessitating his removal from a Latin lesson. He was a pleasant enough young fellow although he was unfortunately passing through the phase that so many teenage boys experience when they think that a moustache makes them look older and more serious, and not like a caterpillar had crawled halfway across their upper lip and then died.....
“right now”
This is not strictly true.
But, of course, here is the puppet again. Maybe he used to dance. John is watching him like there are secrets woven into the places between his index fingers and his thumbs.
Your hands are pulling him brutally closer although you weren’t aware of deciding on the motion. This is affecting him: you can feel his erection. With a modicum of surprise, you notice your own. Tight and entwined together, your bodies are like a singular rolling wave, caught locked in motion. It’s only a kiss, it’s not anything- your mouths are- this is- you are- you are- you are- don’t let this stop, you can’t let this stop, you are tightly bound to the linoleum.
They had gone to a park and sat on a bench and he had kissed him in front of all the ducks. It had been very pedestrian.
“Sherlock!” I had called out. The silence that met me was more than telling. “For exactly how long have you been keeping dead people in our fridge?”
“Ah.”
It’s not that the future looked grim, not exactly. I was quite content for both of ourselves to end slowly, quietly. I imagined we’d die together, facing away from the evening summer sunlight and watching our shadows turn to dust.
Dark. Light. Dark again. Headlights casting ghosts of shadows, projected through the glass.
--a hand grenade in a lion’s mouth--
So you’re reading it now and it’s pulling on something indefinable, but that’s okay. That’s really quite okay. To feel is better not to feel in most situations, which is a thing you never learned for yourself but were taught and accepted and you grew. With an air of sudden nostalgia, you wish you were still growing.
I’m reminded how it’s apparently rude to write down what someone says in front of you verbatim when they’re still in front of you and are supposed to be writing a chronological narrative about events very much with nothing to do with anything inside this room. I’m then reminded how just because I haven’t written in direct speech it’s still rude.
The entire time I was stuck there I was thinking: “Get me out, get me out, let my look out of the window at the nighttime rain glistening on the tarmac like ignored litter, let me look out at the transcendental orange cast over the pavements, let me look anywhere other than us, if only for a second. Anything at all would be less harrowing than this.” But of course, if anyone - even myself - had dragged me away from our sleeping bodies I would have grieved the sight.
I agree, though. I should get on with it. Perhaps I’d like to call it artistic license. Perhaps it’s more credibly something called ‘stalling’. Me, with all my god-like omniscience, am terrified to face these eyes. Eyes which have seen beyond the springy September getups. Eyes which have witnessed cracks in the caverns of men’s chests like porcelain. And eyes, too, which are much older than their years.
) predominantly denim with a betrayed fondness for heavy cable knit. In any tone. [...] His smile (
But for all of this moment’s golden transcendence, it was, do remember, the beginning of the end.
One occasion sticks in my mind, for some inexplicable reason. Perhaps it’s because the threads of it are intertwined with golden light; everything awash with honey and sun.
“can anyone move at all”
In others, every exhalation speaks of denial or retraction. “I did doubt you for a moment,” His eyes seem to sing. “But I know it was only for that preoccupation. I do trust you - now. I trust you. I trust you. I trust you.” And then, very small and barely there: “Why don’t you believe me?”
Am I bleeding yet?
Or tooth.
I’m not sure whether Sherlock was looking at the dog or the many tangled limbs of the flat, flat sea or the sky brimming with the barest hints of the sinking light of day, but he stood there with me all the same, looking at something, silent. If someone had happened to see us from a distance we perhaps would have looked intimate, sharing one of many impossible moments between the cold air, our thoughts and our eyes and our kisses - perhaps this hypothetical stranger would think we exchanged kisses, the water and our mouths as our only audience - saying more than we could in English, with it being so limited. But I think these kind of moments were, in actuality, the times when I felt the least intimately towards him; pressed together and sheltered in his pocket while our minds followed very different paths of sunken and messy pawprints scored into a thin expanse of beach or instead, the light catching the very outside corners of the sea like there were sunken chandeliers lurking just below the air, so far from our usual point of harmonious tandem that it was almost liberating.
I do trust you.
The truth.
No. This isn’t sexual-- Not virgin, not-- Just you.
The left corner of his mouth flicked upwards slightly and I could feel the warmth behind the affection of his gaze.
Where are you taking me where are you taking this .,
You are not a safe man. He is not safe at all.
--with the pin un-clipped.
Regardless, not my area.
And secondly, it’s unfair on me. To dredge this, like silt, collected in a plastic net where no fish will ever find their way. Dredging a up a story – so real – and watch it fictionalise like mud. Every name has been changed or removed. For anonymity, mind. For anonymity and for my fingers, to save them from bashing out a name and a name and a name. Let me never hear it; no voice, no tongue is worthy of it. Not even mine. And all the while my wellies are filling with river water and the sun dips, dips, falls behind the mask of cloud cover.
“yes it is like the sound of our breathing on this one pillow under our hair”
--I. I don’t know. I want you to destroy me.
All I know is that when I finally opened my eyes again all the lights had been turned off and I was just in time to see the stool clattering harmlessly to the linoleum, long since cold and making no noise at all.
“These,” You had written, “Are the facts:
pace. You don't have to do anything you aren't comfortable with. Okay?"
"You reek of cigarettes," he informs his youngest son.
"Sorry, love," she coos. "I'm just so happy for you! Imagine,
"I uh... I just came for a chair," Victor explains, and Sherlock nods once.
“Oh, yes, I think it is,” he plucks at the material. “Um… yes, I wore it home from your house one day when I stayed over last month, don’t you remember? I was supposed to give it back, but I forgot.”
"Keep your hands away from me," Vic snarls. "Fag."
“Is that my jumper?” is all he can manage, and Sherlock looks down.
"You don't have to hurt yourself, to cope, Sherlock," John says. "That's not a coping mechanism."
green jumper. It’s an old one which has been washed too many times so the colours faded from emerald to sludge. It’s always been a little bit big on John, the hem coming past his bum and the sleeves falling past his wrists, but John’s a lot smaller than Sherlock, and it’s a perfect fit on the dark-haired boy. It’s the perfect length and it hugs his chest and shoulders beautifully, like a second skin. The V-neck collar dips just low enough to show a seductive amount of neck. On John, that jumper had never looked anything but ordinary. But on Sherlock it looks…
"I didn't say anything that wasn't true," Sherlock sniffs. "Mycroft used to buy me fags. Still does, sometimes. How can he get mad about straight fact?"
He has both of his hands on the back of the chair beside John, ready to drag it away.
"Alright then," Sherlock drops his eyes back down to his book.
"You idiot. What have you been drinking? How've you gotten in this state?" he says, concerned. "Come on - I'll put you to bed."
Mycroft gave him an allowance to buy a car when he passed his test, offered him several suggestions of shiny, sleek, foreign things that go unnecessarily fast. Much like the car Mycroft himself drives. Sherlock supposes he was supposed to be keeping up appearances, helping his brother maintain his reputation. Which is why he instead opted for a secondhand Vauxhall estate which was probably blue once upon a time, but has been faded by time and sun to a murky greyish colour. There are tears in the upholstery which Sherlock has repaired with duct tape and concealed with an old fraying rug he found at a car boot sale years ago. Mycroft hates the thing and, for that reason, Sherlock loves it all the more.
Sherlock doesn't even realise he's said it out loud until Vic pulls away properly and looks at him with a combination of fear and alarm. Before Sherlock can say anything else, Victor gets off the bed and starts putting his clothes back on.
"Don't be ridiculous, John, it's not nearly cold enough for hypothermia and anyway-" Sherlock begins, but John cuts him off with a look.
"Hi, Sherlock," Lestrade says.
John, and I hate it. I hate not knowing. I don't
"I'm not sure I believe any of it," John says. "I've not even heard your side."
plumber?
"Oh my God, Harry. You're
Sherlock lets them in and, mercifully, the heating is on and the house is warm. He takes John's coat and hangs it on the rack in the hallway. He lights the coal fire in the front room and the room is at once filled with a comforting smell and a friendly crackle that makes John feel safe. Sherlock fetches hot chocolate for both of them and John appreciates the sweet warmth it brings to his hands and his lips. They drink together on the sofa, John cross-legged, Sherlock curled up with his feet in the smaller boy's lap. When the drinks are done he shifts, laying his head there instead, and John cards his fingers through Sherlocks hair.
"The day I
"Shame, that. It'd do him well to get out and talk to people, I think," he says. "Still, I wasn't holding my breath for him coming. He's hardly your social butterfly, is he? Can I get you a drink?"
"Mad?" John repeats, spluttering. "Sherlock, I've just let you into my house and made you a cup of tea at midnight because you randomly arrived outside my house and asked to be let in. D'you think I'd do that if I was mad at you?"
"The ones worth my time,"
"What's up?" he asks, and Sherlock lets out a breath - a long shuddery breath that makes John forget the awkwardness and shuffle a little bit closer.
"Where on earth were you getting cigarettes at fourteen?" its his mum who asks that one, and that surprises Sherlock a bit. She knows he smokes - she's seen the ashtray in his room and often empties it for him so his father won't find out. He turns to face her, and all of a sudden realises what she's doing. She's giving him an escape route.
"How is Sherlock?" he asks, and John shrugs.
doesn't sprain your hand, Sherlock," John scolds. Then he sighs. "Was it your dad?"
"Uh... I was actually gonna ask if it was okay to sit with you," John admits. He's always been a relatively easygoing, amicable guy but he seems to be struggling to make friends at this school. Nobody's been outright mean or rude to him, but there's a certain condescending tone from the vast majority of people he's spoken to. They start out friendly enough, sure. But a couple of questions in and it's
As cold as it is outside, the heating has been on in Sherlock’s house all day and as a consequence, it’s so hot Sherlock’s starting to sweat. Without really thinking about what he’s doing, he pushes the sleeves of his –
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Eighteen years. Except for that chance meeting in an Alresford bookshop I had not seen Ivan since Sherlock had put away his murderous uncle and I had nearly killed the vermin when he had attacked my son. I had remained in communication with his mother, and had put aside money for birthdays and Christmas in a bank account for his recent coming-of-age. The last photograph that I had received had coincidentally been not long before that great event; just as in our chance encounter in that Alresford book-shop there was rather too much of me in his looks although he did have Stevie's ridiculously long hair, a complete lion's mane. He also bore some resemblance to my nephew Jack who himself was almost eighteen years old. I was thankful that the two would almost certainly never meet, although given my luck I was not reliant on that never happening.
A molly-house's advent calendar, with a sex toy behind every door
I had promised to buy the light of my life half a pound of barley-sugar at the shops; how he kept his teeth so perfect with the amount of the stuff he got through a week, heaven only knew! As I put my hand on the door to enter the little sweet-shop I heard the sound of something approaching from the distant main road. Probably another victim of modern technology who had thought that he could trust his vehicle, I thought with a smile as I went inside.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I turned a colour that was probably redder than his best shirt. I was in no position to lie to him – I was in no position to do anything if truth be told! – and he clearly knew or at least suspected something was afoot.
coffee?” I asked. “What is that?”
being the Greek for 'half brother'.”
“Mention the c-word!” I grumbled. “Manly men do not cuddle!”
“Ready for eternity?” John grinned.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Your nephew is called
He gestured to one of the posts on the stile leading to the Hall, and looking closer I could see that someone had cut a groove in the top. A groove that would be ideal for a gun-rest.
He looked at me in confusion. I was going to have a whole lot of sexual frustration to work off later if he kept that up. Good!
“I am afraid that this is very much a case of my being hoist with my own
He blushed fiercely.
“A solar eclipse”, he said. “The Moon is directly between us and the Sun, so we have a few minutes when we have night in the middle of the day.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Greek god becomes a merman and lures sailors to a happy ending
John scowled at me. Apparently I did snigger. Oh dear, and now he was pouting. Not a wise decision, all things considered.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“You prepared yourself”, he growled.
It was another cold Galvidian morning and our journey was slowed by the heavy fog, but we eventually turned off the main road and along the by-road down into Mazarin. I found the bumpy road particularly uncomfortable and matters (along with the ache in my poor backside) were not helped by a certain someone's knowing smirk. We passed over the railway and stopped by the field where the village constable was standing close to the stone.
The Adventure Of Miss Brontë's Play
I would have complained about my not being the master of my own house, but Isa would have Not  Liked It. The last time that had happened, it had been no beer and no..... you know what for three months! I could have taken a side-job as a wood-chopper and I would not have needed a damn axe!
I would be having Words with John when I caught up with him!
We returned home and, after I had made manifest my annoyance at my friend (all right, and had a good long rest to recover from same) we had a quiet evening in as Sherlock wished to wait for our leering friend's information before going any further with the case. Mr. Trevelyan duly came through and a telegram that arrived just after six assured us that whatever he was up to Mr. Galahad LeStrade was not selling his body for profit.
“I do hope so!”
1905. It is said that no Heaven on Earth is perfect – but arrangements can be made to make it closer.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The Adventure Of The Mazarin Stone
The man nodded and leaned forward.
That night in our cold and empty bed, I cried.
“Quite a character!” Sherlock smiled, with something that was dangerous close to a smirk.
would wish to know about such things, even if he was a consulting detective.
“I shall fill him in again
During the interlude I used the gentlemen's toilets and returned to find a note from Sherlock saying that he had been called away. I sighed and waited for my humiliation to resume.
Probably. Besides, who else would have him?
1926. The Royal Family receives another new if seemingly unimportant member, while someone learns the hard way that one strike and he is out.
Ye Gods, I had to have been blind not to have seen it. His eyes visibly widened and he actually moved slightly towards me before managing to check himself. Fellow needed his eyes looking at, but whatever.
The Adventure Of The Farnham Forger
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
”, our visitor said ruefully. “Some months ago the Local Working Men's Association, which had been meeting in the back rooms of its various members, applied for a lease of a flat above a shop a few doors down from mine. Several of my fellow shopkeepers were against it but I, foolishly as it turned out, saw no objection and they were allowed to proceed. Since then however two of the men involved have been harassing ladies and gentlemen going to and from my shop.”
The village store in Chuffingden had started stocking a new type of chocolate bar called Cadbury's Dairy Milk, and I had brought some along today which I now set about breaking apart into chunks. I had tried some in the shop and it had been quite pleasant, although a certain person not so far away just now was quite wrong to claim that I had cooed with pleasure over it. It had been a cough, that was all.
At the railway-station Sherlock sought out the station-master and asked him about the line's conductors.
I struggled to recall his words.
“Father wants to gather the family one last time for her”, he said. “No significant others, just blood.”
I nodded and helped him remove the plug before easing him down onto me. At fifty-two years of age I was not as fit as I once had been but slotting inside the man I love gave me an energy that I did not know that I had, especially when he began to work himself up and down me making me moan in delight.
“I understand that Lord Fleet has made you an offer to purchase this cottage”, he said. “May I inquire as to what your intentions are in that direction?”
“How could they stop her?” I wondered.
I noted that Mr. Fleet shuffled awkwardly for some reason. Interesting.
The Adventure Of The Slain Knight
I thought for a moment.
“They most definitely do not!” he said firmly. “Not just because there has always been a rivalry between the two villages, but because they think their part of the world would lose its unique character. No-one passes through Mousehole on the road to anywhere, but better transport links to the outside world would surely draw people away as we have see elsewhere. Then there is the history; Marazion and Mousehole used to be the chief ports before Penzance took over. Old enmities die hard in the country, as I am sure you have seen in your travels.”
Heir On A G-String
He somehow contrived to look even more awkward. I wondered if he was going to hold out on me so I gave him what John called my 'bacon look'. He caved at once.
I looked up as I spoke and noticed for the first time a small photograph of two men standing very stiff. One of them was clearly Mr. Troilus Gable, while the other was a young fellow of about twelve years of age.
It was fortunate that Bren did not like reading the newspapers, for there was an article in the 'Times' the following morning that would have made him mad enough to track down the writer and tear them limb from limb (not that I would have stopped him). The normally cautious paper had in reporting our awards come perilously close to saying that we were.... well, that we
with the French – did not change things as his son and successor George the Fifth made it clear that he too would back the change.
He picked up the Mars bar and put it in his mouth – but instead of biting off a chunk like any normal person would have done he began to suck on it almost obscenely. I suddenly found it hard to breathe.
The Adventure Of 'Mrs. Battleship'
“I have made some inquiries already into your recent 'bruising' match”, I told him, not failing to note that he looked a little alarmed at that, “and am curious about one thing. Mr. Bassett-Evans said that he caught you looking at the Forthright brothers the other week. Was that true?”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
It hardly seemed possible that it was over twenty years since I had been waiting at Tweedmouth Station, a train had pulled in, and the most perfect example of manhood filling his own railway uniform like a Greek god had stepped out onto the platform. My beautiful blushing Jumbo, now Sir Brencis Bassett-Evans, Baronet.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Yes”, the manager said. “They had abandoned their posts. Safety first, you understand.”
“Sir, yes sir!” he said, before throwing aside his newspaper. Right, he needed a long, hard lesson never to bring that sort of filth into our home ever again!
The Disappearance Of Lady Frances Carfax
“Also a painful one”, he said. “The major aimed his first shot rather low.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Do you actually enjoy being a model?”
I wired Peter straight away so that he could begin treatment. As he had said the malady was fairly easy to cure although those boys and young men who went through it often had fewer children than normal. I could only hope that the Hawke lineage would continue despite all this.
The Life And Death Of The Spencer John Gang
The cottage needed repair work done to its walls so that September we took the opportunity for a short stay in a private hotel not far from a station on the Great Northern main line near London, where we planned to meet up with some old friends of ours. Mr. Bronn Blackwater had brought his friends Mr. Dayne and Mr. Lannister down to mark their fortieth birthdays which occurred within a few days of each other. We had expected to see our friend in somewhat better state that the last time we had met as we knew his two charges' 'heats' were supposed to wind down by the time they reached forty. But when we met him at our hotel, it seemed that they had not wound down
“Then we will drop the doctor at the station here and he will get there by train while we drive”, he said firmly. “Hopefully one or the other of us will reach him in time!”
“You can't send me there!” he gasped. “They will kill me for sure!”
I sat down to some more applause, and my father leaned over to me.
“Like you I found surviving without the man I love very painful”, he said. “I barely slept at all during the Scottish trip without you there. So I took a bottle of your cologne in this bottle to London with me. I doused the sheets with it at night just so I could get some sleep. It worked a little but I still missed you terribly.”
“Who?” I asked.
misuses electricity
He scowled at me.
My great-nephew stared back at the visitor and his eyes widened perceptibly. Mr. Irons actually growled and Sherlock interposed himself swiftly between the young men, placing a warning hand on the visitor's shoulder.
He grinned at me.
I glared at my seriously unfunny friend. Last night in the middle of our fun and games there had been a small earthquake in the North Sea, and although it had not affected us, it might well have done given how 'someone' had really gone for it. Another pair of panties gone west, which meant another smirking postman a few days hence. Certain London shops really could learn to master the art of plain packaging!
“That is blackmail!” he protested hotly.
“How are you going to get him to show you the photograph, then?” I asked.
It was odd that I was thinking about my son because at that moment I heard his voice from outside. Leaving my resident blue-eyed genius in bed I pulled on a dressing-gown and went to the window. Sure enough it was my son. He looked strangely uncertain and I was immediately worried.
We came to a halt somewhere after the sand dunes and somewhere before the water; a borderless place with no definition other than the meagreness of ‘middle’. I didn’t feel like I was in the middle, I didn’t feel lost in a place - a limbo place - where there was no clarification of edges and where the tide, the unpredictable and capricious tide, was the only constant. No, I felt like I was where the home of me was, where my walls - definite and outlined against a grey sky - were condensed and squashed so much that they could contain only one insignificant pocket and two insignificant hands.
forever to stretch like the sunlight”
I won’t. I won’t bleed.
It should here be noted that to lie to oneself is a hard task made even more implausible if you are lying to one Sherlock Holmes. But you do. You lie to yourself.
used more tape, I--” I remember the distinct sound of one particular detective entangled in fairy lights, crashing rather unceremoniously to the floorboards, remarkably clearly. It was only a few moments later that he had appeared at the bottom of the stairs, looking significantly more dishevelled that he had done ten minutes previously. “I don’t understand the tradition of making everything glow in the (somewhat inappropriately named) festivities. I don’t understand why the house has to look ‘nice’. You look nice. You think I look nice. It’s Christmas Day; let’s be properly and truly festive. Let’s have sex. Be merry, and all that. Jesus died for this, you know, after all.”
But once they start – like wildfire – they
“Well, you boys know how much I hate to intrude,” John and Sherlock gave each other a look at that, but Mrs. Hudson continued anyway, “but Rosie-dear will be quite tired soon, she didn’t even take a nap, and it’s getting quite on in the evening – ”
, John thought.
?” he grumbled.
John nipped a bit of Sherlock’s bottom lip – what he’d seen the man do so many times and now could himself – pulling a deep, low moan from Sherlock’s throat. John wanted to swear, but Sherlock was still keeping his mouth busy, and instead he tightened his hold on Sherlock’s hips, digging in his fingertips. Sherlock shivered in his hold, and slipped him a bit of tongue with a muffled chuckle.
“Not important.”
John was not a small man, though his cock was thicker than it was long, and Sherlock had what he couldn’t take in one hand, stroking lightly as he sucked him off. Soon though, his lips had reached his own knuckles, and John gasped out a breath as Sherlock moved his hand to John’s thigh and began to slide his mouth back up his cock, then down, taking just a little more of John each time.
She tumbled forward onto John, after he’d taken the toy she’d been throwing and catching. “Daddy, c’mon!”
When he handed it back to her, she held it close to her chest, elbows tight at her sides and immediately began a determined stride toward Sherlock’s bedroom. John followed just behind, leaving the box without looking back.
“You especially don’t believe that.” John said it before thinking, interrupting Sherlock mid-breath.
Sherlock splayed his hand across her back to check her breathing, but she instead took the movement as a comfort gesture and snuggled closer and turned to lay flatter on his chest so his hand better covered her.
“Don’t forget, John,” he pressed fully against John, the hard line of his own cock distinct against John’s stomach. “we’ve got to get to the bedroom.”
“For…Serlock.”
With a pleasant smile, Sherlock went off into the kitchen, John watching calmly.
…going to cum – ” He cuts off, Sherlock pulling him close as John thrusted into his mouth, taking his cock until it hit the back of his throat. With a load groan, which John attempted to muffle by biting into his fist, John held Sherlock’s head still, his nose nearly touching John’s stomach. His cock spasmed and he flooded Sherlock’s mouth as he came, moaning lowly as Sherlock swallowed it all down, prolonging his orgasm with the sensations.
Was this how Sherlock felt, being privy to other people’s secrets? Reading the truth across their faces, in their actions, just under the façade of their mask?
Unlikely to separate the two, John joined them in the kitchen and leaned against the counter, hands braced on the edge.
“I’m…” He opened his eyes and looked up at Sherlock, who was hiding a surprising blush with his head bowed and his curls in his face. He grunted and sat up to press a quick kiss on Sherlock’s mouth – and he’ll definitely feel that in his back later – then said, “I’m having some time with Sherlock, love.”
While John had been preoccupied with Sherlock, Rosie had clambered into his chair, all by herself and suspiciously quiet. Or perhaps John had let his frustration cloud him.
With no hint or seeming reason, Rosie lifted her head up in a sharp movement.
flirtation.”
.” John argues, clenching the newspaper in his fists until his nails broke through. When Sherlock ignored him, his shoulders tensed and he took his furious stance, even sitting in his chair. “For
Leave kudos and comments, and if you feel inspired, a writing prompt!
She stopped directly at the base of Sherlock’s chair in the space between his long legs and stared up at him. Normally, even Sherlock would give her some attention when she decided to come to him instead of John.
“Ah, good for you. Your meager mind has managed – ” There was a roar from Sherlock’s comment that interrupted him, as the other man, Bingley, opened the door.
~~~~~~
– he kept his own in a ten-lock safe buried in the ground, the key to the words hidden in an ever-changing location.
John watched his polished loafers until they disappeared, followed by the quiet closing of the flat door. As he heard Mycroft descend the stairs, John relaxed and uncurled from around his laptop, slowly, in case Mycroft decided to give them more of his two cents.
“She likes it.” Sherlock answers, picking up a faded piece of paper from his far left and comparing it to a modern map of Camden.
John could both kiss and
John thought for a second of Mary in that look.
When Mrs. Hudson had finally left them, Sherlock slid off of John, letting his hands linger on John’s jaw. His pale skin was pinkish, especially in his cheeks, but John hadn’t gotten to slide his hands into those dark curls, so only his lips, bitten-red, gave away what John had done to him.
Sherlock stopped counting and turned his attention to John, though he didn’t look up. Rosie was puttering around in the living room, babbling excitedly with…her skull, Sherlock decided. It was her heaviest toy and she liked to thump it on the floor.
With a low groan, John slid from the bed with Rosie in his arms, avoiding the occasional flying hand. Partway up the stairs to his room, Rosie’s whines puttered out and she laid limp across John’s arms. He had to turn sideways to get her through the doorway, and changing her into her pajamas wasn’t difficult, but she wasn’t actively participating either.
He played John like his violin, but he wasn’t going to
John smiled at her, but his gaze was focused on Sherlock.
~~~~~~
When safely by the table, he exhaled and crouched down to her level, holding her gently by the sides of her arms. “
Sherlock hummed, looking down while he positioned his long fingers on the neck of the violin.
“He’ll be better?” Rosie mumbled.
At this, Sherlock hummed and looked at John, eyes extra blue from how tired he was.
After a quiet moment, and John lowered his arms, he cracked a smile and fell into his chair across from Sherlock’s. He cocked his head while watching Rosie compare her hand to Sherlock’s, letting out little ah’s and hums.
Sherlock nodded, but was silent for a moment. He looked off into the kitchen and muttered, “I’ll let you do that…then.” Running his thumb across his bottom lip, he looked to John and then laughed when John raised a brow at him while smirking.
Inhibited by the little space available for her and her developing muscles, Rosie ended up stuck with her arms around Sherlock’s knees, one foot braced on the front of the chair and her diapered butt sticking out behind her.
“She still loves you, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
John didn’t move, didn’t fidget, didn’t say another word, letting his words not only settle with Sherlock, but in his bones and his chest, finding their permanent place since John had finally set them free.
John thought – Rosie looked over to John, leaning against the door with his arms crossed, and asked, “Daddy, you want one?”
“Oh my
"What's on the agenda for today, then?" she asks, watching Sherlock shrug on his jacket.
"Look, I've apologised. Can we forgive and forget?" he says, and Phil laughs.
"Good morning," he sounds cheerful enough, at least.
"I have plans," Sherlock shrugs.
John. Why you're so very concerned with what happened between Victor Trevor and I, I don't know. I was wrong about everything to do with the boy, and I learned the hard way that caring is
"It's no problem," John settles against the skinny boy's shoulder. His hand rests on Sherlock's chest, fingers strumming against his sternum gently. They cuddle in the quiet for a while, the only interruption the soft buzz of
"Alright, you've made your point smart-arse," he says, with a smirk.
"Great minds think alike, eh?" he says, eventually.
fancy Sherlock.
"You aren't going to tell your dad about this, are you?" John asks; he has a newfound confidence now that it comes to defending Sherlock.
"I know. But I... I..." Sherlock swallows, then shrugs. "I feel like I'm disappointing you. I mean... I just... you've done all this before, and I know other people  - all those girls - they're more... they're... not as nervous as I am."
of sensible shoes on the wooden stairs, then across the landing. Mycroft knocks once on the door then pushes it open.
"Really? Seriously? What if I'd not answered the phone?" John says.
"Oh no, Mr L, not at all. I was just um... asking Sherlock for some help with my homework, that's all," she says. Lestrade cocks an eyebrow in disbelief.
"Mycroft's a twat," Sherlock says simply. "Open the window." It's advice rather than a request, John realises as Sherlock brings out a cigarette and brings it up to his lips. John grumbles about it but obliges, cracking the bedroom window open.
Sherlock sits in his car for almost half an hour before he plucks up the courage to drive to his destination.
"Good game today, mate," he'd said. "You're really great."
Sherlock swallows hard and then opens his eyes.
The front door bangs when they're about a quarter of the way through the film.
Mrs Hudson, the housekeeper, greets him in the kitchen with a mug of hot, over-sweetened coffee and honey on toast. Sherlock smiles, thanks her and actually means it. Since their parents died, Mrs H has really done her best to take Sherlock under her wing. She enjoys taking care of him, and she's not afraid to tell Mycroft off when she thinks he's being too sharp. Sherlock's grateful that they have her.
"Go on then, you've twisted my arm," Sherlock rolls his eyes, but John knows he's joking.
"Sherlock?" John spots the curly-haired boy amongst the crowd in the corridor. If he hears John calling to him, he hides it well, so the blond weaves his way to Sherlock's side, puts a hand on his elbow. "Hi."
role, and it makes Sherlock beyond uncomfortable.
"I'll remember that name," John smiles, and its not unkind. "I'll see you around, Sherlock."
"Doesn't matter. You alright?" John looks concerned, so Sherlock forces himself to smile.
"You mean you've always been able to do it?" the thought is astounding to John.
and she just smiles wider. She sits on the side of John which isn't occupied by Sherlock. John grits his teeth and feels every muscle in his body tense up. Sherlock obviousl feels up and gives John's fingers a squeeze that's subtle and comforting and reassuring. Or it would be, if Harry didn't see it and smirk at John again.
They're at the foot of the stairs now, and Victor turns to face him for the first time.
"He seems alright," John shrugs. "Bit strange, but really clever. Sharp-witted, you know? And friendly enough.  He took me to my classroom when I got lost."
Sherlock breaks the kiss and pulls away from John, blushing.
what she'll hang over you. Just don't let her win."
"Oh, just get out of my sight," their father snarls, and for once, Sherlock is glad of his brother's presence. No doubt some kind of argument would've ensued if their father wasn't so eager for boring politics talk with Mycroft. He strides off, up the stairs and into the bathroom. He remembers John's warning about not showering to keep the dressing dry, and grumbles as he drops the plug in the bath and turns on the hot tap. He hates baths - he's far too impatient to wait for it to fill. Showers are quick, easy. Baths mean waiting and waiting is boring. If anyone else had said it, Sherlock would probably go ahead and shower anyway, but John's pretty wised up on medical stuff. He wouldn't tell Sherlock to bathe instead if it wasn't absolutely necessary. He trusts John.
"What?" Sherlock looks startled and confused.
"Hey John. Hi, Sherlock," she smiles at them. She's eleven, in her last year at Junior School. She's an essentially good kid, though she sometimes gets in trouble at school for giggling too much in class.
in the corridor, for the way some of the kids in his Chemistry class whispered and snickered when his name was called on the register and there was no answer. Perhaps they'll have some common ground, John thinks. Plus, even though they've only briefly met twice, John finds himself wanting to be around Sherlock - the way he deduced all that stuff about John just by looking this morning was
"Me too," he repeats. Vic's thumb strokes his arm and they're quiet for a while.
"When have you ever voluntarily gone
He feels as if Mycroft's eyes are on him until he reaches the end of the street.
Sherlock grins at him then goes through into the living room. John hears him opening the DVD cabinet and rifling through the discs. He hopes to hell he won't pick something boring - that would be such a Sherlock trick. Pick something totally opposite to an action film just to get on John's nerves. John busies himself making drinks - tea for him, hot chocolate for Sherlock. He takes both mugs through to the living room and sets them down on the coffee table. Sherlock is curled up on one corner of the sofa, and John sits next to him and sees that he's picked
"You wouldn't understand so don't try," he states. Evidently he wants to leave it there, but John reaches out, puts a hand on top of his.
But then, is holding hands really such a far shout from cuddling? They very casually snuggle up together all the time, and that always feels pretty natural. Holding hands is much more intimate, John realises. Lots of friends cuddle (admittedly usually girl-girl friends, but that's beside the point) but holding hands is a couple thing. It's something people do when they're together. John knows he should pull away, but his hands are cold, and the feeling of Sherlock's glove against his icy skin isn't totally unpleasant.
"Yeah," Sherlock nods. "And... and something to make me forget. For a bit."
Two nights later, and Sherlock's out walking by himself.
to be a pompous twat, a mindless government drone and quite frankly a diabolical dresser, I'll let you know," Sherlock shoots back. "Until then I'm quite happy
"I'm not
"No," is the sharp reply. Vic's not usually short with Sherlock, but he figures it's the drink talking and tuts.
"More than good enough," Sherlock beams.
