"Vermont is a big place Tony." Pepper sighed. "It's a few nights, you make nice, you have a little fun, stay out of the tabloids, you come home refreshed. It's a win for all of us." She turned her attention back to her computer screen, another email or something having caught her attention. "If it truly is awful then you make up an excuse to come home, no one will be the wiser."
Steve doesn't let him finish. "It's been ten minutes." He says, looking down his nose and across the shop at the man. "I gave you ten when you asked for five, now please, get your ass -" he pats the cushion next to himself to make a point. "Here."
He barely even noticed when Natasha pulled the chair out from the other side of the table and dropped herself down.
She rolled her eyes, actually full on rolled them and Tony was sure they were going to fall out of her head if she did it a second time.
Slowly, they moved, always touching, step for step they stayed connected, Tony was calling the shots this time, and there was no argument. Calloused fingers carefully removed Steve's clothing one piece at a time, before touching any of the fabric against his own body, leaving a trail behind them as they went. He continued until he knew the back of Steve's knees would be pressed up against his bed, and then he pushed the man down and dipped between his legs. Tony allowed his fingers to splay across Steve's thighs as he ducked his head and used his mouth to draw his name from the others lips.
"I mean, besides having a similar build you two are literally opposites, as far as human males can go." Tony explained, in a way only he could. "Actually, no I take that back, you are built like a fucking statue, no one is similar to you."
"Sober Tony does too." Steve swallowed hard, ignoring the hand on his leg, and the fact that Tony was in his space, smelling like booze. They came to a stop light and Steve looked over at the brunette, dark brown eyes staring at him, inches from his face. He was close enough to make out the golden flecks dotting the doe eyes, even for as drunk as he was, he still looked alert, and gorgeous.
"How are you functioning right now?" Clint groaned to Natasha, as she very loudly dropped the plate of bacon in front of him, the dish against marble clattering sound sent Clint's head retreating into his arms.
"Oh." Steve's voice was soft as he looked over to the brunette, though his eyes didn't linger. Of course Tony looked normal, it was like a Stark Superpower to look healthy and happy, even when suffering. "How are you feeling?"
"I don't mind." Tony closed his eyes again, listening to Steve's heart and their steady breathing once again fill the room.
"I can't." Steve sighs, finally using his words. "I have some stuff to wrap up and the next wedding to prep for, but Maybe the weekend after next?"
Those words meant a whole lot of nothing to Steve, so instead he asked the only logical thing he could think of. "Okay. So now what?"
"How do you know I even got into any trouble?" Tony put the phone onto speaker once he reached his bed, tossing it on to the bedside table and drying himself off.
"You gettin' any of that?" Sam leaned in and quietly asked Bruce, having watched the same thing unfold.
"That looks rough." The voice, which normally would have startled Tony, caused him to sigh instead, and he refused to acknowledge him. "I'm sorry about that.." Steve added.
Steve laughed from beside him, also turning his attention back to the phone. "I'm just being the real me."
“I’m not going to jump, Tony.” The words were more calloused and cold then he had meant, but it was too late to take them back.
Clint was hanging around the patio, surrounded by lilies and looking completely at a loss. It was only then that Tony remembered the troubles Natasha had called about earlier.
"No." Steve says, pulling Tony against himself. "Is it too hard to believe I just wanted to dance with you?" he asks, Steve's voice is low and confident keeping their conversation as personal as he can, as people dance around them, but no one cares enough to pay them much mind anyways.
"Steve." Tony says, though he's trying hard not to smile from behind his can. "You are going to need to elaborate here, you called him the dream."
Steve couldn't stop the blush rising on his cheeks. Choosing to reply with a kiss, listening as their 80 guests cheered them on.
"Tomato sauce is not the same as tomatoes." Steve said, placing a slice of bread on his plate, before passing the cutting board to Bucky, and reaching for the pasta.
Steve rolled his eyes and decided it best to ignore that. "Maybe I should just start by avoiding women all together."
"Did you sleep in that chair all night?" Tony asks, after a beat of silence scares him into losing this, whatever this is.
When he glanced back at Steve, he caught the memory flash across his face, and a touch of pink begin to form above the collar of his shirt. "Okay, But.." Steve started to defend.
Steve couldn't help himself as he laughed shaking his head, embarrassed, and silently thanking God that they were turning into the underground parking of the tower now. He needed to get up and move, and maybe drink some cold water, at the very least a change in topic and get Tony's hand as far away from his lap as possible. "Look at that, we're home."
"I love you too." Tony mumbled back around the rim of his mug, shuffling back down towards his workshop.
"Wait." Tony's eyebrows raised into his hairline, his tired brain still working to piece together what was happening. "Are you being serious?"
"My aunt sent me a letter, saying she heard from Howard that I had become a fag, and was destroying your life along with mine, and my mother would be rolling over in her grave if she found out." Steve held Tony's eyes. "So I got drunk and I went out to prove that I wasn't." Steve shook his head at the memory. "I don't know if I was trying to prove it to her or myself, but it doesn't really matter because I fucked up and I did what I did."
"Pepper's lifted my social media ban." Steve grins, twisting his phone between his fingers, and sitting up straighter. "There's no better time than the present." He says as he twists his phone screen to his face, and his attention falling onto the screen.
"I know I'm not your boyfriend." Tony scratched at his chin, still avoiding eye contact. "You're private and you like it that way, or at least you did.." finally, he forced himself to look up at Steve. "I guess I just hoped if you were going to come out to the public like that it would be with me."
"Are you sure?" Natasha asked, though she let out a chuckle, because she knew he was right. "It's at his farmhouse, his territory, and then we have to be back for the ceremony, that's not going to be too much?”
"I love you." He whispered into the room. Grabbing Tony's hand in his own, and resting his forehead on the side of the hospital bed. "I am so in love with you Tony, I want you to know when I say it to you I mean it." His thumb traced every knuckle. "Please wake up, I love you."
Tony the man that made his heart flutter into his throat and his stomach twist into the biggest butterflies known to man. Tony, the brunette beauty that made him smile, and laugh, and made him feel some kind of way.
Tony peeked up and over at the phone, eyes glancing over the text before he smirked. "She really is relentlessness." Tony let out a soft sigh directing his attention back to his report. "Tinder is a dating app, but I'm guessing you already gathered that much from Nat's text." he continued to scribble out onto the paper with his black pen. "Matches just mean that those girls have liked you, and you, or I'm guessing Nat, liked them back so you've been matched." his hand paused but he didn't look up. "Steve, do you want to be dating right now?"
Tony winced, obviously that was not something easily said, or easily heard from a woman he had loved, a woman that he loves, and how ever much strength it took her to say it was enough to say she was likely right, Pepper was always right. Instead of actual words, he just nodded, finishing the buttons on his suit jacket.
"Welcome home, Sir." The voice filled the empty common space, familiar to Steve "And Welcome home Captain Rogers."
"I didn't take you for the direct type Cap." Tony teased, still hanging on to Steve to make it to the penthouse door. "I figured you'd wine and dine me and then woo me into bed."
"Steven, may I speak with you?" Thor's voice is strong and commanding, but even still, Steve can make out the cautiousness underlining in his tone. Like a child about to ask for candy, slightly innocent, not something Steve should fear, yet, no one likes to be asked to talk.
Natasha laughs and rolls her eyes, but says goodbye and insists she will tell Clint he still owes him that ten.
"I noticed." Steve agreed, though he wasn't joking any more as he put the soap in the dishwasher and closed it. "I've heard what you've been doing with the company Tony, that's really amazing."
was not - when he decided it was probably best to give up on the whole sleep thing. It wasn't going to happen. So, he did what he normally did on sleepless nights, dressed for a workout, grabbed his water bottle and headed straight down for the gym.
Sam and Sharon don't join the table until dinner is being served, they're looking a little disheveled and embarrassed and Tony is the first to call them out. Sharon flushes immediately before glaring at Clint.
The first time Steve speaks to Tony alone, after moving into the tower, is actually to ask for help. Technical Help. It's pretty much an accident, or at the very least a meeting of convenience. Tony just happens to be the first person he see's when he ventures down into the kitchen seeking help. Steve knows they aren't exactly on the best of terms, not they were on bad terms, just awkward terms. At the end of the day, they were still on the same team though, and that had to count for something.
"It's true." Steve says, looking down at his steak as he cuts a piece, mindlessly carrying on the conversation. "When we first met, he literally just pointed at himself then at me and immediately made very graphic hand motions."
"Missiles." Iron Man finished, voice tight. "Who the fuck builds a drone this big and adds missiles? We gotta take this thing out before it destroys the west end."
No one else would be awake, and if they were - it was Tony - and he would be in his shop, elbow deep in grease and metals and that was fine. That was the norm.
"If I warned you, you probably would have told me it was a bad idea." Steve admitted, rightfully so.
Tony wasn't sure if he was the right person to be answering this, but she clearly didn't have anywhere else to go, and he couldn't just send her on her way alone, and stressed. Cold feet was a serious issue, he hadn't had to deal with it himself, but love, Tony liked to think he had at least experienced love, even if it wasn't everlasting.
"Wouldn't it depend on the type of tomato sauce?" Natasha asked, taking a slice before passing the board to Tony. "Like they make vegetable pasta sauces."
Tony smirked, pulling his suit jacket from the back of his office chair, and waiting for Natasha to head out of the office before following her. "You know, if you were anyone else I'd have you fired for being so snarky, but I like you Big Red, not sure why, but there's just something about you."
Tony swallowed back his anger, and held his head high as he walked through the front doors of the hotel. All hope of blending back into the party unnoticed went completely out the window when he got inside the lobby.
"It's not often I get visitors this late." Tony grinned, which only outlined the grease he had up his cheek and around his forehead, he looked completely disheveled in a way Steve had never seen before, and to be honest, Steve kind of liked it.
The reply doesn't come right away, and for a moment, Tony's able to turn his face into the sun and close his eyes letting the gravity of what he just admitted settle in on him. He's terrified, but he knows he means it. When his phone finally does vibrate he almost doesn't want to look, but is glad he does.
His smile is wide, and he has his eyes tilted upwards, as if simply giddy to being kissed by Captain America. While Steve's lips are perfectly pressed up against Clint's cheek. It's perfect.
A chill shot through Tony, the suit not doing much for insulation, winter was not his favorite time, and the holidays that came within the season were even more disliked. Twisting himself around skyscrapers, the suit howled with the wind. Around, he moved, faster until he saw it. The blue figure standing out bright against the low lights of the tower, the speckles of red drawing him in even more. The man sat calm, over the edge, his feet dangling above the empty space below. Shoulders hunched dangerously and no fear across his face. He sat on top of the world, or as close as he could get.
"Probably not." Tony admitted without even hesitating, wearing that sleek smile that made Steve's heart reach his throat. "But that's because I seem to like you more than everyone else."
"Thank you Tony." Natasha grinned wide turning on her heel to leave. "See you in Vermont!" She called over her shoulder as she headed away.
"We should have buried him when we had the chance." Steve said with a roll of his eyes, Tony couldn't have agreed more.
So instead Tony dropped his eyes to Steve's hands, one holding Sam's jacket, one holding something else. "What have you got there?" Tony asked, eyeing the small strip of black fabric tightly held in one of Steve's hands.
"I'm sorry, you what?" Tony questioned, tilting his head to look up at Steve, trying to process the information.
"It's just Facebook, no The. Gosh old man." Tony laughs, and Steve rolls his eyes. "Facebook is kind of a hybrid of both Twitter and Instagram, but it's gotten less popular and is mostly filled with elderly women sharing awful photos, of their grand kids or pets, and talking about their bad dates and shopping trips."
"You don't ever seem this concerned about my shirts while you're ripping the buttons off of them, Steven." Tony glanced up through his eyelashes, and caught the blush rushing up Steve's throat.
Turns out, Instagram wasn't the worst thing Steve could have gotten. The next morning, after sneaking out of Tony's penthouse, and going for his morning run he stopped in the shared kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee. He set himself up on the island, next to the large windows, where the morning sun was beginning to seep into the building.
Clint was giggling, which immediately drew all attention onto him, and in turn towards the television where what he was laughing at was playing out. A reporter had cornered Sam as he was leaving the grocery store.
If there's one thing Tony has learned about Natasha, it's that she does what she pleases, and people just deal with it. So when she pulls a old black and gold photo album from Steve's bookshelf, she ignores his plea to put it back, and no one else really tries to stop her.
"Steve if we're going to be family you're going to have to trust me." is all Natasha says, before she's crawling into Steve's bed beside Tony and laying the photo album in her lap.
Tony hummed around his food as he chewed, and Clint and Natasha shared a glance, like no one quite wanted to handle this one. It was Bruce who finally sighed, looking up from his tablet.
"Seriously?" Tony asked, looking from Sam to Steve and back again. "Sharon has been trying to get with you all weekend, how have you not noticed?"
"Sorry" And Steve almost sounded genuine. "I wish I had more exciting things to share, but all I've got is a drunk Tony."
"I'm just afraid." Natasha's voice drops to a whisper, like she's afraid to say the words out loud. "I'm afraid that once we're married everything will change."
At this Tony barked out a laugh, deep and honest, and it almost made Steve crack a smile. Almost - would have it he wasn't so suddenly depressed.
"No, I have no reason to be at the rehearsal, I'm just a guest at the wedding, do you listen to anything Clint?" Tony turned to head back down the stairs. "I'll see you tomorrow though."
Tony wanted to look Steve in the eye, but his glance fell directly to Steve's lips. If he just moved an inch he could catch them with his own. "How what was possible?" he asked instead, a weak attempt to keep himself distracted.
"No." Steve sighed. "Clint called her and said there's an issue with the flowers and he can't find me, and I guess Bucky misplaced the ring."
"Hello? Sam?" Tony called out, stepping further into the home. He didn't know what good his shouting would do, but he figured it couldn't help. It's not like he had gotten the grand tour when he was there last, if he had, he was drunk and didn't remember it. He peeked into the kitchen, the faces in there didn't even acknowledge his presence, all focused on their tasks,  and none looked familiar so Tony decided to step back towards the living room.
Steve just grunted in reply, as he pressed his hips into Tony's, feeling the friction on the budge in his jeans, while his head dipped lower once more, nipping at Tony's throat, and his hands had slowly started to inch up Tony's T-shirt.
"Can't I just make a statement?" Steve said, suddenly feeling everyone's eyes on him, for various reasons. "I'm not dating Sam, It's just a photo, it's my photo, and it has nothing to do with Tony."
The recognition flashed across Tony's face and then he sighed again. "Oh my God, did I even shut up at all that night?"
Tony had begged him not to go, had promised Steve that they could make up, that he could forgive him. They argued for weeks, Tony pleading with Steve to give him one more chance, like he was the one that had fucked up, while Steve just gave up.  The one person who Tony fully gave his heart to, who held it and crushed it stood in front of him today looking the same as the day he left and it killed.
The first time Steve said it, it was an accident, It just slipped out like a bad joke, something that his brain should have filtered before ever letting his mouth utter it.
"It must be getting pretty serious." Steve mumbles, as he wraps his arms around Tony, pulling him close, his breath tickling the side of his neck as they lay there in the peace that the good Captain offered up upon his arrival.
"I'm not that easy, regardless of what the gossip sites say." Tony protests, reaching for the glass of water on the bedside table, choosing to ignore the way Steve looks anywhere but at him.
"It's fine, really." Tony meant it. "I'm a bit confused, but I'll survive." He smiled at his friend, it was actually quite refreshing to meet someone new who just said what they thought without trying to be careful with how they said it around him. "I actually don't mind him." He added for good measure.
The Photo didn't make so much of a statement as it made noise. A lot of noise. By the time he got back to the tower it had made the lunch time news.  He was notified by Bruce, in the elevator.
"Tony?" Steve's voice yanked Tony's attention backwards, causing him to spin on his heel towards the kitchen.  Steve's shoulders were tense, and his brow furrowed as he spotted Tony from across the kitchen, he had just come around the corner from the back steps and clearly surprised to see Tony in his house. "What are you doing here?"
Steve offered her a smile, stepping out of the lift onto the main shared floor. "Tony asked me to pick him up from that bar he was at." He gave a one shoulder shrug, heading past the super spy towards the kitchen. "He went and got himself too drunk to find his way home."
And just like that night, Tony could feel his eyes begin to water. He hoped no one would notice as he quickly brushed them away with the back of his hand.
"Yikes." Rhodey had known Tony for long enough to know there wasn't much Drunk Tony could do that Sober Tony wouldn't. Drunk Tony very rarely had regrets. "Now I really want to know what you said."
Immediately, Pepper threw her hands up in defeat. "Fine, Okay. I get it." She shot a smirk at Tony before elaborating. "I mean, I am beginning to understand the appeal."
Tony racked his brain for any memory of that, but there was nothing. He sighed loudly into his room, guess no memories meant no bad memories, so at least he could assume he had a good time, and if it was a bad time, well he wouldn't remember anyways.  With a groan, Tony forced himself up and out of bed, stopping to pull his phone out of his discarded jeans on the floor as he made his way to the bathroom. First thing first, he would have a shower, and then he could down half a bottle of painkillers with a very large, very black cup of coffee, before heading to the shop to complete some upgrades before he got his ass kicked. Natasha had been bugging for upgraded gauntlets for weeks now, and he had promised to get them done.
"I thought we were already?" Tony quipped, trying his best to keep it light, in that way he did any time anything teetered on uncomfortable.
"Do you do anything fun anymore?" Tony asks, shifting the pillow under his head to get a better look at Steve, but not yet feeling brave enough to actually sit up.
Natasha rolled her eyes, but grabbed his hand and yanked him into the throngs of people. "There are some people I want you to meet, specifically." She weaved them around a few more bodies, exchanging a few hellos with people she obviously knew - but wasn't too concerned about introducing. "You need to meet the wedding party, I haven't shut up about you, and my friend Clint thinks I'm lying about knowing The Tony Stark.."
"And he feels bad for nearly killing her." Steve cut in, smirking at Tony before taking a sip of his coffee. "and so when she asked him to be the celebrity guest for her boyfriend's grand dive bar opening he just couldn't refuse."
"Jane's friend mentioned that you have a social media account." Thor's hammer dangles almost delicately from his fingers as he speaks, head tilting like he's trying hard to think of the right words. "And that you've recently posted a photograph with Clint."
Steve didn't get a chance to finish whatever it is he was going to say, because Tony couldn't hold off any longer before ducking down and catching Steve's mouth with his own. "I have a few hours before I need to be at the airport." he says against the blondes lips.
"Forever sounds a bit drastic." Steve took the bottle and twisted off the cap, he could still see the remainder of a blush coloring Tony's cheeks, and wondered for a second if maybe the brunette was a little more aware of the happenings of the night before than he was letting on. "Was it really that bad last night?"
"As if." Pepper droned. "You and I couldn't even agree on who's side of the bed was who's, you and I would have never worked closure or not. I just think maybe with all the time that has passed it's time you two had a conversation. What are you afraid of?"
"When did you notice your fun leave?" Tony mumbles, allowing his eyes to fall shut again. "Was it roughly ten years ago? Because I think it might have been."
He was sketching in the workshop, having made some excuse about the holographs giving off a certain light that was perfect for drawing. Tony never questioned it. Steve had been quietly sitting, just listening to Tony ramble about equations and programs. Nodding and humming in reply when he felt necessary, to be honest he had lost track of what exactly Tony was babbling about a good forty minutes ago, but he could listen to the mechanics voice all day long without a single complaint.
"Tony, Baby-" Steve is panting, confused and disorientated, because Tony is crying. "What did I do, are you okay?"
Bruce cautiously sitting beside him, hands wrapped around a steaming mug that smelled of mint and berries, glasses pushed up into his hair, intently watching the screen even if he'd never admit to enjoying the adrenaline filled movies.
"Alright, okay, calm down. how about, people are still stuck in the dark ages?" Tony figured that was a better alternative. "Our politicians are too busy fighting over whether or not a woman has enough brain power to be in charge of her own body, they don't really have time to waste on equal rights for everyone."
"It's my duty as boss of the bride." Tony says with a one shoulder shrug. "Besides I have't had a chance to even meet this illusive fiance of yours yet, I needed some place to do it, somewhere I could judge him and not feel bad about it, you know?"
"Don't be so dramatic Stark." Natasha released Tony's arms, sitting up but not getting off of him. "By not getting married you're going to fuck it up worse than anything else you could ever do."
"Sometimes we would spend an entire night arguing about the most ridiculous things." Steve admitted. "But somehow it worked. A summer fling turned into something more" Steve was looking down at his hands. "We even managed to get engaged."
people crudely called it, Steve had been doing his best to try and figure out the new world himself. Not to toot his own horn or anything, but he had been doing a pretty good job of it. There had been a lot of books to read, and the tech people at shield headquarters had taught him the basics. The internet, search engines, how to use Email, and the general idea of a cellular phone. A lot of it, they told him, would come to him from just daily exposure, and Steve believed them.
"Amateurs." Tony scoffed, moving around the bar into the living room and taking the remote from Bruce, and escaping Steve.
"I've heard New York is nice in the winter." Tony suggested, managing to keep his glance towards the tree line, and the small garage they were coming up to. It looked old, not updated like the rest of the property, the wood was chipping and the metal was rusting.
Just saying it, made it too real all over again, and Tony could feel the sadness rise up into his chest, and to make matters worse, if almost on cue, Steve had come out of the stairwell.  Tony wanted to roll his eyes at the dramatic timing of it all, it was becoming painfully clear he would not be able to avoid him. "Great timing, you really have a flare for these sorts of things huh?" The words came from Tony laced in a bit more poison than his usual jabs, but he figured he'd get a pass on this one.
Steve shifted on his feet, as if he didn't expect to get that kind of reaction. "I'm sorry Tony." The words themselves were long over due. "I am sorry for what I did, I wish I could go back and fix them, I wish I could take all the pain I caused you back."
They allow their lips to meet once again, tongues twisting around each other, dancing like they had never been apart. Steve's long fingers are teasing Tony now, as if to give him permission, he finds himself pushing down onto them. Initially it's pain, something Tony hadn't felt in years, but it quickly followed up with heat deep down in his stomach, one finger turned into two, and Tony was moaning Steve's name.
Tony just smiles wide, appreciating his efforts being successful, and then he's climbing on top of Steve with ease, and they move together like two bodies with one mind. It's incredible, it always is. Every touch sends Steve's skin tingling, and his stomach flipping. Every kiss is well placed and well received. They move in sync, both chasing the same high, both receiving the same payout.
"I don't even know you." The stranger replied, but there was a slight blush coming over the collar of his shirt, and the fear had mostly subsided from his face.
"Oh then definitely open mine next." Tony said, reaching down and pulling up the gift he had brought. "It's technically for both of you, but not really."
"Don't you go blaming technology." Tony feigned offence. "She's done a lot for us over the years, it's not her fault you were busy getting freezer burnt for most of it."
Instead of giving any sort of answer, he simply slid himself away from the bar and away from her grasp, the girl didn't seem to even notice as she fell into the spot that Tony had been in only seconds before, and turned her attention on the new person beside her.
The photo was Steve, and Natasha, both covered in sweat, although Natasha's was more of a light glow - she never looked terrible after a workout - in front of the sparring mats. Steve was smiling, wide with his head tilted towards Natasha, who, was not smiling, but still managed to look rather pleased as she stood next to Steve.
"Did you know tomato sauce counts as a serving of vegetables, and pasta is just wheat" Clint said just as Steve took his seat, of course across the table from Tony. "So spaghetti technically is healthy."
"Alright, hold up." Tony held a palm up with one hand, carding a hand through his hair with the other. "I am so confused Steve, please, help me out here. Spell it out."
"I want you to meet someone." And just like that Natasha was pulling Tony to her side, and pointing towards a table of smiling faces. "That's my man of Honor Clint, he's annoying but we go way, way back.-"
Steve hated seeing Tony upset, and his stomach twisted as he watched the frown meet those beautiful lips. "Well, you haven't asked me to go with you yet."
Tony swallowed back the lump in his throat, a wave of emotion crashing over him so hard he felt like he might drown. He was transported back to the night in the shack, to the first time, and how it felt, but this. This time was nothing like that. This time Steve's voice quivered and his hand trembled and Tony could feel every word said to him. This time his eyes watered and he had every sensible fiber of his brain screaming at him that this was not a drill.
okay?" Steve narrowed his eyes at the screen. "And that bulling is.. bad?" he had his fair share of bullies growing up, it was a well known fact that Captain America stood up to bullies, hell it had been his tag line in the war. But the fact it was the day and age of the zero tolerance policy and this shit was still happening baffled him. Even worse that he had to go out and remind people that it was bad.
Thor sighs, and his free hand raises to grasp the back of his own neck, "I don't know how else to word this, so please forgive me for any missteps, but should you be kissing others and putting it where Tony can see?"
"Aye aye Captain." Iron man used his thrusters to pull back, looking to the ground to Spot Steve in his bright blue uniform, an easy target, before swooping down low for a pick up. His arm shot out and Cap leaped into it, wrapping his own arms around the shoulders of the Iron Man Suit, something they had done many times, like a second nature to both of them,
"Got it." Steve replied, his attention on the newscaster on the screen. All this trouble just to watch the news, maybe Tony wasn't too far off his his comparison, Steve never did have good luck with girls in his time, it would only make sense that this be his luck in the future.
"I don't know if I want to get married tomorrow." Natasha flinched as she said the words, also not something that she did often, or at all, but the words obviously held more power than she was comfortable giving them. "Tony. I am freaking out, what do I do?"
"But I'm not." Steve replied, because he wasn't even from this century, and he fought mad scientists, robots, aliens, and literal creatures from nightmares for a living. He was not
Steve nods, and holds his place to stop their walking before turning to face Tony. "I know we can't just pretend it didn't happen. I let you down." And it sounds like a confession the way he says it, his face is serious but his hand stays in Tony's, warm and safe. "Tony, I will gladly spend the rest of my life working to earn back every ounce of your trust if it means I get to be near you again."
Tony sighed down at his armor, the scuffs and scrapes could be removed and repaired, but he had another problem. A bigger, Steve shaped problem. He ran his fingers along one of the deeper cuts into the suit and frowned. They had been doing so well, and then he had to go ahead and open his big mouth. It had always been a problem, Pepper had warned him numerous times, he should learn to think before he spoke, and drink less.
He's sweating from working, his T-shirt is sticking to him, and he notices that Tony is staring, because he stops working, and takes a drink of whatever he has in a bottle beside the hay, all the while holding Tony's gaze. "Do you need something?" He says, as he swallows.
"You're old and easily tired out." Tony replies, yet still allowing himself to be swallowed by Steve's large arms.
"You know for a smart guy, you're pretty dumb" Clint yelled back just as Tony managed to close the door of the cab.
"Shouldn't you be sleeping in, or eating breakfast in bed?" Tony asked, though he kept focused on his phone, disregarding Pepper's subject line entirely.
"I can't stop thinking about you." He whispers as he backs Tony up into the elevator wall. It's late, everyone's asleep, everyone but Tony, and Steve knew that would be the case when he ventured to the kitchen. "Just one more time to get you out of my system. I swear."
"Who needs closure?" Tony asked, not really wanting the answer to that "Pepper if you think you and I didn't work out because I didn't have closure..."
"I don't know-" A voice cut in, the camera panning to a woman in a stiff suit behind a desk. "Do we really think this is Cap's coming out of the closet? Could he not just be in support of the lifestyle?"
"You're still a sap in the mornings." Tony shoots back, and then Steve is smiling wide at him, and Tony can't help but mimic it.
He knew it was coming the second Tony shuffled into the kitchen, eyes barely open as he made grabby hands towards the coffee maker. Obviously coming up from one of his all nighters. Steve knew he was wearing that fond smile on his face as he grabbed the genius's cup and poured the fresh coffee he had made specifically for Tony, just on the off chance that he need it.
It didn't help that his only real dating experience had been a few failed first dates with Bucky's dates friends, and then whatever it was he had with Peggy. He wasn't even sure he could consider that dating, and it was literally a life time ago. So much so that these people didn't even really date anymore, they hooked up. They actually sought each other out over the internet, exchanged barely a conversation and then met up, had sex and decided whether or not to do it a second time.
Tony gratefully drank his new drink, as Natasha carefully picked up the smaller of the two boxes and gently shook it. "This better not be another frying pan."
There was silence on the other end for a moment too long and Tony was afraid he had lost Pepper, until he heard her sigh. "You're not going to like this, but I really think you should talk to him. Maybe you'll finally get some closure."
"I told you I would." Tony was just relieved to see a familiar face, so he wouldn't take offence to her surprise. "I know it's hard for you to believe but I can do some things on my own."
"well we're about to start the movie so if you two would like to join us..." Sam pointed at Tony and then pointed his thumb over his shoulder. "C'mon man get on those controls before Bruce sets everything to Spanish again."
"Just tell her you demanded, threatened, whatever it is you like to do to people." Tony shrugged. "I took care of it and I promise you they will be here, but I don't want Natasha to know I had any part of it."
"And the other one, the Facebook?" Steve presses, feeling himself relax just with his proximity to Tony.
"Last night at the hotel." Tony clarifies, taking a few confident steps towards Steve, at least he hopes they're confident. "I wanted you to kiss me, but you didn't."
Tony's entire body felt like was on fire as he committed the scene to memory, and strong hands were tangled in his hair, pulling and pushing and using him. He couldn't hold the moan that vibrated through his mouth, causing Steve to make sounds that Tony prayed he would never forget, and then the rough vulnerable voice asked Tony to stop, asked him to come closer.
Natasha did Steve the favor of leaning over to check the comment before she rolled her eyes and continued readying the blender. "That's because your other posts didn't have females in them, besides that isn't even that bad Steve."
"I Saw that one." Tony's eyes fall on Natasha who's been silently eating her dinner at the table next to Clint and he can't help but whistle. "That was prime Instagram material."
"Well that was interesting." Natasha said, mostly to herself as she looked back down at her files, letting Steve flee as well.
Because telling Tony Stark you love him is not exactly the best way to announce a huge, life consuming, completely closeted, crush.
There was an innuendo in there somewhere, but Steve couldn't place it. "Well since we're being honest." He straightened himself up on his feet. "I sometimes don't sleep very well either, the whole plane crash, frozen alive in ice thing, you know."
It's enough of an answer for Steve though, because Tony is empty again, and his hips are being guided upwards until he can feel the wet tip of Steve replacing the fingers there just moments before. Tony knows as he eases down that he's in control now, and it's Steve's turn to moan out his name.
Then Tony pointed to the red head and joyously said "I believe that one is Natasha which means you," he stepped towards the guy next to her holding a hand out. "Are James, and it's nice to officially meet you."
"How are you not dead right now?" Tony groans, twisting in the sheets, and being reminded how uncomfortable sleeping in jeans is.
"Poor Pepper." She sighs, tucking red strands behind her ear, her hair is a mess, still half up from the evening before, and a night of what Tony would only guess was exciting enough to not worry about taking all the hair clips out of her head.
"Oh, goodie." She teased, grabbing a bottle of water from the fridge before heading off to the elevator.
"Sources have confirmed that the man in the picture with Captain America is none other than Sam Wilson-" The blonde woman on the most recent news outlet said into the camera.
"Knew I'd find you here." Tony's voice carries across the room and startles Steve - all he can do is send a glare over his shoulder, because his hearing really should have warned him, instead he had been distracted.
"And you survived?" This time Tony does look at him, an eyebrow quirked, and a smirk playing on his plump lips. "Also is it just me or would that make a good band name, Pepper Hill-"
"No, Poor me." Tony corrects, putting his sunglasses over his eyes, as Steve comes down the stairs, dressed with his truck keys in his hands. "I have to deal directly with Pepper, you better come back tanned and happy."
"It's a long story." Tony found himself admitting. "Look I don't want to ruin the rest of the night, It can wait until tomorrow."
"Nearly." Steve admitted with a sigh. "I've been working on it for a while, but my mechanical skill capabilities aren't much better from what they used to be." he circled the bike, a hand cautiously gripping the handlebars. "I've had to order a few specialty pieces, believe it or not parts from the forties aren't easy to come by, but once I have them in it will be good to go."
"Seriously Steve, check yourself out once in a while." Tony was still laughing as he pulled his jacket off his arms, and losing his footing in the process, tumbling sideways for a few steps before catching himself on his bed. "You're so cute." he mumbled to himself, tossing the jacket to the floor and yanking at his shirt, getting it halfway up before catching it around his face and sent him stumbling again.
"We shouldn't have done that." Steve echos Tony's earlier sentiment and it draws a laugh out of him.
"You're so fucking gorgeous." Steve's words vibrated against Tony's neck as he spoke them, his lips close around the skin, teeth nipping, and all Tony can reply with us a moan as he leans into what is going to brown and blue proof by the morning.
Steve's breath is already heavy, but when Tony tugs on his hair, so that their lips can meet again and climbs into his lap, it hitches and sends shivers down Tony's spine. Tony grinds down slowly drawing the most beautiful sounds from Steve's mouth pressed against his own. He does it once more just for good measure before he reaches down between their bodies, and his fingers get to work on Steve's pants.
"I told you no presents." Natasha groaned, pushing herself away from the table. "I guess I should know better, when do you ever listen?"
"Natasha." Steve frowned, but he continued moving, not letting himself be distracted by her, she would use whatever she could for her own gain. Even if she meant what she was saying. "Tony and I, We're not like that-"
"So, you guys had a bad break up?" Clint asked, trying to fill in the blanks himself. "I Don't get what's so long about that."
He wouldn't judge, seeing as he was dressed in the same suit from the night before, evidence of what transpired peppering the skin of his collarbone and neck. Natasha hadn't done more than give a knowing smile.
Steve doesn't answer, instead he tightens his arms around Tony and buries his face in his brunette hair. Tony wants to stay like that for forever, he feels safe and wanted in Steve's arms, but he knows he can't. He lets the air settle, the sun just starting to creep through the window, washing over what they've spent the night doing, and he regrets none of it.
"Don't let it go to your head." Tony huffed, unable to help the smirk that found his lips as he did though. "Change of subject time, I came bearing gifts." he said holding out the jacket to Steve.
Steve laughed stepping around Tony to grab the frying pans, to add them to the dishwasher. "You just feel like it would be the right thing to do." Steve corrected.
"Fuck-" Tony groaned just as Steve's tongue darted out over his pulse point. Of course Steve would remember all his soft spots, of course Steve would remember his body, of course he would remember how exactly to bring Tony to his knees It felt like no time had passed and if there was a list of things that Steve and Tony had been good at, this was at the top of it. It was the best sex Tony had ever had, and his body was screaming for it.
Steve takes photos of the Avengers at dinner, and ones where Clint's middle fingers are up because he's slipped and fallen again (it really is a running gag on his Instagram, the followers love it.), He has photos of Thor mid bite, and ones of Tony working in his shop, ones of Tony smirking beside a fancy car and - well there's a lot of Tony. But he makes sure to spread those out, most of the photos he has of Bruce are because he wanted to take one of Tony.  He has photos of Natasha, but always in group settings, always while she was looking terrifying, or strong.  Steve takes the kind of photos that have Pepper applauding him.
"Oh." Is all Tony could say, he really had no idea what Steve had been up to in the past ten years. Tony's life updates were all over the front pages of news papers and magazines, not Steve's, but he wanted to know more. "So you decided to stay?"
"I'm just going to assume you're making sense." Steve grumbled. "I don't even know what's going wrong this time."
"What do you want?" Tony asked as he pulled the door open, of course it was Steve, and he had no time for small talk.
"What are you working on?" Steve asked, trying to shrug off the awkward feeling that was spreading between them. "I'm surprised you're not upstairs."
"My great aunt has him cornered." Natasha says without sympathy, her eyes falling on to Sharon and Sam across the table. "You two finally got your shit together huh?"
Steve's reply was a roll of his eyes, waiting for Tony to buckle his seat belt, before checking his mirrors and pulling out of the alleyway. "How much did you have to drink?" and tony could tell Steve was trying his damnedest to not sound patronizing.
"Are you confirming that you are not in fact dating Captain America?" The woman asked, a disappointed look in her face.
"I have weddings booked until the fall." Steve says, and Tony thinks he already knows where it's headed. He was a fool to think it would go any other way. "I have a lot to wrap up." Steve continues. "I could probably list the place but I'm not sure if it would sell, and it wouldn't be fair to those with deposits down already to switch ownership in the middle of their events-"
"Do cute people even live in Vermont?" Tony asked as the elevator announced it's arrival with a ding. "Seriously why are you choosing to get married there, what's the draw?"
A few amateur photos of Steve and Sam on various runs flashed across the screen, and one or two paparazzi ones of the two of them on missions.
"I think this is the first time I've met drunk honest Tony." Steve was trying so hard to change the subject. He had met drunk Tony before, everyone had, but honest Tony, well that was an entirely new level, one he hadn't visited any time recently.
After paying the cab, and watching it literally leave him in the dust, Tony turned back to the farmhouse.  This was the moment of truth for him, he was headed into the lions den with the best intentions. Still, he couldn't help what Pepper had said to him. The Heart whats what it wants - It was something Tony could spend a life time studying. How could the heart want something that had caused it so much pain, but if the late night reunion had proved nothing else, it was that Tony still missed him.
Tony's eyebrows raise, and his heart feels like it's about to burst out of his chest, and all he can manage is a meek. "I love you too."
Tony just watched shocked, through his face plate as Steve fell. He had been hoping that Steve would let the whole thing go already, like perhaps it could just be a silent thing that they both knew happened but neither would mention, or think about. Clearly that was not the case. Tony frowned watching Cap fall further and further before smashing through the center of the drone. Tony fell so deep into thought that he nearly missed J.A.R.V.I.S. warning him of imminent collision.
"Tony, I really like you too." Steve shrugged and then he waited. Waited for the moment to come back to Tony.
Tony rolled his eyes, crossing his arms across his bare chest, because really? "Yes, she's in my bed."
"Steve and I have a history." Tony said with an easy shrug of his shoulders. "It ended very badly and I never thought I would have to see him again is all." and that much was true. "I just had a momentary shock to the system, I promise you it will not be a thing."
"Hey, Tony." the voice that came back at him was the same as it ever was, warm and welcoming, and it made tension and anxiety radiate through Tony's core.
Down in the kitchen, Natasha had already started the frying pan, while Bucky had started whisking eggs. Somewhere after the second flip of bacon, Clint had risen from the dead and crawled his way into the kitchen. Though Tony was unsure if he was going to make it as he sat himself behind the kitchen island and laid his head against the cool marble counter top.  Sam was awake, pouring glasses of orange juice, while Sharon was sitting next to Clint at the island scrolling through her phone. She had very obviously not gotten laid the night before, as she was wearing a particularly annoyed face anytime she caught a glimpse of Sam around the kitchen.
"That's not fair." Steve spoke again, before Tony could turn away, and God Damn Steve for having this kind of effect over him. Tony wanted to yell, and scream, and he was starting to feel like maybe he also wanted to cry, even though he could have sworn he was dried up after all these years. After all the months he spent sobbing over the pain and the hurt. He thought he was over it, until there Steve Rogers was standing in front of him, and then it was all coming back to him like punches to the gut, splitting open an old wound.
Tony doesn't know how long they stay like that together, but he doesn't really care. The night is winding down and the slow hits keep coming, so they just keep moving. He can't remember the last time he felt this kind of warmth, it's nearly overwhelming, nearly too much for his system to handle. Tony wonders if it's possible to overdose on good feelings, and perhaps begins to understand the meaning of love drunk a bit more than he ever thought he would.
At this request, Tony set his tablet flat down on the table, and turned to give Steve his full attention. "Sure." He spoke carefully, eyeing the blonde and the tiny black square in his hand. "What's on your mind?"
"I don't doubt that." Steve replies dryly, scrunching his nose and criticizing his own work, like he always used to do.
"I come in peace." is all Steve said, palms raised open in the air completely submitting to whatever was coming his way. And Tony tried his best to crack a smile, knowing he didn't have it in him to resist even if he wanted to, so instead he stepped out of the way and welcomed the man in.
"I'm going to bury you in the middle of Central Park and no one is going to find you for days." Tony narrowed his eyes at the archer, before turning a softer gaze onto Steve. "Are you sure you don't want to come be my date tonight?"
"Woo you?" Steve asked as he turned the handle, allowing the door to open wide into the personal home of Tony Stark. Now all he needed to do was get Tony in bed, and he could leave knowing the engineer was safe, and sound, and he had done good by a friend.
"Shit." Steve had to remember to close his jaw, he looked like an idiot, but he also felt like one. No, he felt like an Ass. A complete and total ass. He had toted privacy as the reason for keeping whatever it was he and Tony were doing between them. He had spouted tons of bullshit about keeping what they had between them, even if it was the worst kept secret of the entire tower. And here he had gone and kissed Sam for the public, before even considering Tony.
"-Did you try and sleep with Cap?" Rhodey asked like it would be the least surprising news he would hear all week.
"Steve." Tony pried his eyes off of his armor to look at the blonde. He was still in his Captain America outfit, the cowl had been pulled off leaving his hair in disarray, but the dirty torn suit remained, as did the dust and dirt painting Steve's white cheeks. "What do you want from me?"
Tony barked out a laugh at the question, and Steve couldn't stop the smile from finding his face too. "I am." He confirmed. "What's up?"
"Would you have toasted to life?" Steve spoke his voice closer with every word, offering one of the glasses to Tony.
So it wasn't a surprise to him when she said no, only curling further into his pillow. It still didn't leave him with anything smart to say. So he did the only thing he could think of, he crawled into the bed next to her. "What's wrong?"
"Where was your head today Iron man!" The voice is stern and angry, and Tony flinches when he hears it.
"Must run in the family." Tony said with a laugh, immediately noticing the look he was getting from across the table. "Oh come on, don't look at me like that."
Steve recognizes it as the rebuild Tony was fiddling around with a few days ago.  He had switched to the Nano tech for his own suits, but still updated some of his older ones, for emergency cases. The picture itself had a million and a half likes.
Even deeper, Steve stumbled upon a group photo. It was from one of the press events that the Avengers had attended upon newly forming. They were seated behind a long table with microphones. The only person aside from Tony looking at the camera was Natasha. She had an eyebrow raised, a very serious look on her face.
"Busy." Tony admitted, adding some pressure to his movements against Steve's foot. "Pepper made me attend four meetings today, and I swear two of them were the exact same people just redistributed around the same room." He sighed, switching to Steve's other foot and repeating his earlier movements. "She tell ms that we accomplished everything we needed to do today though, so I suppose it was productive."
He took in the silence, the clicking of the clock and the patter of wind against the glass windows being the only noise in the space, he produced the bottle of amber liquid and filled one of the glasses, two fingers, then three, and then four for good measure, he offered to fill the other but Tony's face begged him not to.
"Agreed." Captain America spoke looking up at the massive thing trying to figure out his best route up. "Do we see any soft spots?"
"A friend." Tony answered quickly. "And trust me, if he saw you, he would understand, now- come on Steve, Summer doesn't last forever."
There captured in a moment was Steve, the corners of his eyes crinkled, mid-laugh, so honest and beautiful, with Tony, smirking next to him, trying to look cool, but ultimately failing. It was written all over his face, anyone who knew Tony Stark would be able to tell in that moment. The way he looked at Steve, the way his smirk wasn't so much a smirk as it was pure love radiating from him. All for Steve.
"I would - Yes. Please." Steve sighed, letting his cheek press into his palm, and his elbow rest against the cool metal of Tony's workbench, allowing himself a second to relax, or try to. He found himself staring at Tony as he worked, zoning into the task at hand, like always, almost oblivious to his surroundings. Which in a workshop as advanced as his was a feat in its own. Steve reminded himself it's not polite to stare, and turned his attention to said shop. The space itself was quiet magnificent, he hadn't obviously, spent a lot of time in there, so he gave himself permission to take it in while he could. There were projects spread out all over the place, some clear in what they were going to be, Steve could spot new Widow Bites from across the room, but some - most - were less obvious.
"See?" Natasha said with a laugh. "He's the worst, but-" She smiled down at the picture frame. "This time he did so, so good."
"I will call you when I land." Tony says with a fond roll of his eyes. "Remember, it's the little green button for answer - God we need to get you an updated phone old man."
Tony groaned, loud and obvious, partly in anger, part because he was tired and no one would just let him sleep. He rubbed his tired eyes as he once again found himself padding towards his hotel room door. The knocking this time was continuous, Tony had no idea for how long it had been going on but it couldn't have been for too long because whoever it was still had a lot of stamina.
This drew a chuckle from Tony, though he closed his eyes again. "Don't you think you should make an honest man out of me before you make such requests?"
"Honestly no." Pepper admitted, a soft smile on her pink lips. "You lost me some time after running for mayor of flavor town? Which I don't even want to know what you mean, but generally your ideas are not good and you probably shouldn't."
This time, when they had sex it was slow, and drawn out. There were no fast desperate movements, everything soft, and caressing, and full of feeling. Gentle kisses placed upon skin where bruises and scratches used to lie. Their movements in sync, as if they were moving as one. Tony breathes out Steve's name as he feels his head go light, and it's all he can do to not completely go slack as Steve thrusts up in to him again, holding his eyes with his own as they come together. It's so fucking weird, but Tony can't help himself to want to do it again, almost immediately as they sprawl out in a sweaty sticky pile onto the now stained satin sheets beneath them. It's quiet, but their legs remain twisted together, as their chests struggle to calm.
So why was it so hard. Steve's reply was a lack of anything at all. "You should come to New York with me."
"It's fine." Tony was always a distraction, didn't matter if it was on a mission, in the kitchen, or sweaty and flushed next to him in the gym. The way the sweat outlined his arm muscles even more than usual, or the way his gym pants were essentially skin tight under armor yoga pants would not change the fact he was a walking distraction. Just might enhance it. Steve cleared his throat, yet again reminding himself it was rude to stare, and decided to hop into the treadmill next to Tony.  "I have to be honest I am a little surprised to see you in the gym."
"A Toast." He kept his blue eyes burning into the glass on the table  "To forever." Steve didn't bother with the cup, taking his drink from the bottle instead.
"Look, Steve." Maria started, shifting in her plush leather office chair. "All we're asking, is for you to get something, just,
"Sleeping." She sighed, into the pillow. "I can't tell them anyways, Sharon would have a meltdown and Clint would just start packing my bags."
"Don't care." Tony mumbled into Steve's chest, closing his eyes and listening to the beating of his boyfriends heart. Boyfriend, a word he wasn't sure he'd ever use again when talking about Steve, but there he was.
"Boring." Tony sings out, but his fingers move across the screen of Steve's phone and then he's nodding satisfied. "There ya go Cap. You officially have an Instagram, and I've gone ahead and done you the favor of following your team. Pepper will work on getting you verified."
"Stop making sense and being likable." Steve huffed, pretending he didn't notice the space that had suddenly grown between them. "It's so
Tony's eyebrows came together, but the nervous look seemed to dissipate. "That can't be true." He sat up in his chair though, dropping his bend and grabbing Steve's phone up off the table instead. "I think people just need a chance to meet Steve, I've met Steve and I'd still date you."
"No-" Tony shot up, but with her free hand Natasha shoved him back into the floor, damn she was strong.
"You-" Clint coughs, completely ignoring Steve's dirty look. "You are serious?" he finishes, leaning over to stare at Tony for confirmation.
"What do you normally do?" Steve asked out of habit, not even fully understanding what he was asking.
"Only rich people eat that." Clint shot back, digging into a bowl of pasta. "So of course you would think so."
Steve was staring at him now, smiling softly, and listening to every word as if it was all important. Tony let go of Steve's foot, shifting up on the couch, Steve like a reflex, lifted his legs and allowed Tony to slide out from underneath them, to get in between them. He crawled up Steve's body until he was able to rest his head against the wide chest beneath him.
"Sure, I get one and then what?" Steve sighs, knowing he's lost and better off left for dead at this point. "I post a few pictures and you two leave me alone?"
How fitting, Steve had thought, and at first, was just going to take a picture of the flag and post it. But then Sam caught up, breathless, and sweaty, and Steve's mind fell back to the photo with Natasha, and to his conversation with Pepper.
Steve cleared his throat trying to ignore the intrusive thoughts that filled his mind up. Watching the way Tony pulled his shirt up, exposing his tanned, very toned stomach, and it just about made Steve forget how to breathe - but then Tony - with his arms stuck above his head groaned for help and it snapped Steve out of it."Here-" he sighed as he stepped into the room, hooking his fingers under the fabric of the stuck shirt and yanking it over the others head, allowing it to join Tony's jacket on the floor.
"I didn't drink." Steve's voice answers quietly, he's sitting in a chair by the window, hunched over a sketchbook, and Tony can't help but wonder if he's been transported ten years into the past, but in an alternate time line. Steve must notice the weird look he's getting because he smirks and adds. "I was drinking non-alcoholic beer last night, I don't drink anymore."
Once he sat down, Sam said something about the pasta - which was what was in the bowls in the middle of the table, just as Steve appeared again with a cutting board of fresh garlic bread, and a drink for himself.
"Alright Cap." Tony sighed, watching the comments run up the screen, this was going to be a mess to clean, but he couldn't help but also feel a little pleased, a little validated, and completely head over heels in love with the idiot holding the phone. "What did you want to say."
"Sorry." Steve caught Tony's eyes with his one more time before looking to Sam."I got a little preoccupied on my way down."
Beyond what was framed, Tony knew there was blankets and chip bags strewn about, and the rest of the team at their most comfortable.  He could still see it in his head, Natasha sprawled out over an entire arm chair, legs dangling over the edge of one arm. Clint wrapped up in blankets and pillows on the floor in front of her. Thor would be on the other end of the couch, a plate carefully balanced on his lap overfilled with pizza, and chips, and other snacks to get him through the 90 minute film.
Pepper glanced at Natasha, who stepped to the side and opened the door. "Shall we?" her red lips quirked up ever so slightly.
was. But Natasha had sent another text saying she had already made him fifteen matches, and he should log in immediately to see some of the girls. Steve could feel himself begin to panic, what the hell were matches, did he have to take out fifteen girls? he sighed again, but this time louder.
"Well yeah." Tony took a sip of his pop before he gave a one shoulder shrug. "You are a guy, she's a girl, you're both hot, you're on the same team, always out together. It's not surprising they all assumed."
"Technically." Steve said, glancing over Tony's shoulder. "Its unfinished though, I couldn't get it right."
"Ignore it." Tony demanded, as he wrapped a hand around Steve's head and brought him back, of course the universe would try and intervene just as Tony was finally getting what he needed.
"Look, Tony." Natasha straightened in her chair. "I understand if you'd prefer to sit out of the party tonight, I -"
"Hey, Tony." Steve said softly, looking up from his sketch, a smile pulling over his lips. Some charcoal had gotten on to Steve's chin, and Tony's fingers itched to touch it.
Pepper laughs a light breezy laugh, and Steve can't help himself but smile along. He likes Pepper, he always has. She's strong, and brave and has this way with Tony that he could only dream of having - that he may have picked up some habits from watching - but he wont ever admit that out loud.
That's all it takes for Steve to reach out, hooking a finger into Tony's pants before dragging him forward. Steve's lips are pressed against his hips, and Tony curls his fingers into Steve's hair, holding himself steady. Steve's hands are now working on the zipper, carefully stripping Tony, but his mouth is still placing kisses on to the newly exposed skin.
"Children." Tony warned before they could start, pinching the bridge of his nose. "I do not have enough pain killers in this tower to deal with this tonight."
"Don't care." Tony repeated himself before adding. "I have many shirts Rogers. Endless shirts. Shirts are replaceable, stop thinking so hard."
Steve doesn't think he agrees, but with how happy Thor looks, he thinks it would be stupid to decline. He hadn't posted anything in a few days anyways, and a second picture would have to give some sort of hint, wouldn't it.
"-One year." Natasha cut in. "James got me this gold chain, like this very short, very thick bright yellow gold chain, it looked like something a drug dealer would wear."
Tony realizes as they're stepping towards each other that they still hadn't lost their ability to communicate without words. Because it takes just a look and then they're kissing, softly and slowly. Tony's hands dragging the fabric of Steve's jackets off those large shoulders, with Steve mimicking the movement.  They're two men moving in sync with the same goal, but it's not hurried or needy. Every touch is soft and calculated.
Sam just shrugged and waved a hand, inviting him to do just that, so Steve did. He closed the app and quickly pressed on Tony's contact.
Clint opened his mouth, to do what Tony wasn't sure, but before he could Bucky quickly rose to his feet. "Drinks. We need another round of drinks, Clint come help me get the drinks."
"You should see some of the comments." Natasha says with a curious tone in her voice, like a child daring someone to do something they know they shouldn't be doing. "People are going crazy."
It doesn't take Tony long, getting them open before sliding his hand in through the zipper and flush against Steve's hardon. He palms the fabric of his boxers, and feels Steve's hips rising to meet the pressure. He can feel Steve's body tensing beneath him, and Tony knows the signs, he knows Steve wont stand much more of that.  He wont blame him for it though, after ten years some things are hard to outlast. So instead he lifts himself up, sliding off Steve's lap, dragging the well fitting black pants, and his boxers off the blondes legs as he does so.
He was a little slow to pull up and skidded against brick before coming free, that was going to leave a mark, both on the suit and his dignity.
Tony, as best he can, explains emoji's, how they can mean a lot more than the usual innocent smiley sent in a text. How some things, can be an innuendo for something a lot less simple.
Steve has Tony pinned up against the elevator as it slowly lifts to the penthouse floor again, he has his lips on Tony's, and they are hungry, but they are soft, as if soaking up every inch they touch. Steve's hands are large, and warm, and they're sliding up the front of Tony's shirt before he even has a chance to wrap his mind around Steve being so forward.
"This time it's good." Bucky groaned, "Stop making fun of me and open it." he sighed, just as Natasha lifted the top of the box reveling a silver framed photo of the two of them.
"There was." Tony almost pouted at the admission, being drunk sucked, it made his mind loose, his filters disappear and the walls and departmentalized self instructions he had set for himself vanish. "It just made me miss Pepper." he sighed, words that he barely could manage to tell Rhodey. Sure it had been months since they had actually broken up, and things were getting better but for some reason, drunk Tony really missed her. "I think I've sworn off women for a while." He slapped his hands onto his thighs, as if punctuating his decision, feeling the denim of his jeans beneath his palms. "And believe it or not, there were like no hot guys in there for me to take home, just straight boring ones."
"There's still a lot about me that's private." Steve answers, trying his best to keep vague, even if he's certain Pepper already knows most of everything about him. "Feels wrong not letting the world know, but it also feels wrong needing to let them know at all."
A quiet falls over the room and for a few minutes all Tony can hear is the sound of pencil against paper, and his breathing. But then there's floorboards creaking and whispering. And Tony prays he's dreaming. But then there's a familiar hushing sound from behind the bedroom door and Tony sighs.
"I brought you home last night." Steve offered, reaching into the fridge to grab some water. "You don't remember anything?"
"Oh he is the worst at giving presents." Natasha explained, as she carefully pulled back the paper of the gift. "Sometimes he knocks it out of the park, but more often than not it's something I won't use, or something he wanted."
"I don't know." Steve shook his head, because he really didn't. "The problem is, I - uh." He hesitated and it caused Tony to tear his eyes away from his paper. His eyes were soft, but his face was weird, like he was worried to hear the answer, and Steve made a mental note to try and place it, because it was a new one. Nervous and sad at the time time, and just enough of a put off to force Steve to finish his sentence. "Everyone wants to date Captain America, but no one wants to date Steve."
"You put effort into your look." Clint narrowed his eyes, trying to put the story together. "Just to have a movie night with us?"
"I'm not sure I will ever forgive you for that comment." Tony turned around and grabbed a torque wrench from his tool box, turning back to the bike and crouching behind it. "This is
"You're rebuilding it?" Tony asked, as he stepped closer to admire the bike, it had been a fixture in Steve's life for as long as Tony had known him, and here it finally was. "Like by yourself? There was a time you could short circuit a toaster just by looking at it."
Carefully, Tony twisted the two sides of fabric together, only allowing himself one quick glance up. Steve had his chin raised, as if giving Tony more room to work with, but his eyes were fixed on Tony, of course they were. Tony swallowed back his heart before dropping his eyes back onto the tie. He really was so fucked.
"Well well well." Natasha paused, mid step in front of the opening elevator doors. She placed a hand on her hip, giving Steve the once over "Where are you coming in from when it's almost light outside?"
"Some barn that James's friend helps run." Natasha admitted with another shrug. "Or owns, I'm not sure, basically for a discount."
"I asked Tony to marry me and then I-" Steve was still staring at his hands, and Tony felt his stomach drop at knowing what came next. "And then I cheated on him."
Tony raised on his toes to look past Steve's shoulders at the kitchen staff,  a variety of women and men, but none of them wearing a bow tie. "From them?" Tony found himself asking, and knowing it came out far more snotty than he had meant it. "I mean, what are Sam and Barnes doing with theirs?"
"Steve." Exasperated Tony spun on his heel, planting his palms firmly on the kitchen island and eyeing Steve from across it. "Do you even pay any attention to me when I talk?" Tony knew the answer to that one, Steve knew the answer to that one.
"Yeah" Tony grabbed a second bottle from the fridge, praying the cool air had calmed his flushed face. "I am still suffering from last night-" he said honestly turning back aground and offering up the second bottle."I think I might be done drinking forever."
Pepper didn't get a chance to pretend to be offended. As soon as Natasha saw them come off the elevator she jumped to her feet.
"I just wanted to make sure you were alright." She says carefully, stepping further into the room. "I lost track of you last night, and just wanted to see where you ended up."
"I know." Steve lets out a soft laugh, before stealing a quick kiss from Tony, for the first time on the common floor without the worry of being spotted. And that in itself is enough to take the tension out of Steve's shoulders and melt away the stress of the day entirely. "Do you want to go get some sleep?"
Fumbling in his pocket he pulled out his phone and squinted into the bright light of the screen, opening his most recently sent text messages and selecting the first number at the top of his screen.
Steve chuckled handing him a bottle of water. "Don't think that's going to get you any extra pain medication today."
"What if It's not really love?" Her brows pinched together "How do you even know what love is? And what if it's not enough, what if we just don't work one day, then what? Why waste all of this time and money just to - just to" She started spiraling.
"No, no no. Tony probably came onto Steve and now Steve is just acting weird because he doesn't know how to turn Tony down." Clint acted like it was the most obvious explanation. "The buttons on his shirt were supposed to deter Tony I'm sure of it."
"For my birthday Steve got me an Iron." Tony found himself looking directly at Steve, who was turning bright red, almost cringing at the memory. "I was nineteen living in band t-shirts never ironed a thing a day in my life. I'm not sure what he expected me to do with an iron."
Stepping into the hot shower, letting the hot water wash over him, giving him a false sense of recovery, Tony smiled at the thought of being too drunk to remember Captain America bringing him home. He must have been some drunk, to forget that.  He could only imagine the look of disappointment he probably wore when he arrived to get Tony -  oh.
"They wont take these back, so now I have to figure out what to do with a bunch of orange lilies." Clint sighed, looking down at the flowers. "She wanted roses."
"Oh." Steve raised his hand, holding out the fabric. "It's a tie, I think. Bow tie. I haven't had much luck tying it." he shrugged glancing over his shoulder at the kitchen, and the people within it. "I was actually coming down to ask for some help."
, he frowned and held his phone out for Natasha to see. "I didn't get anything like these ones on my other two photos."
"By looking taller in a photograph?" Pepper chuckled. "I think you look good, even on your toes. Where's this dinner?"
"You're insatiable." his voice his laced in sleep, and his eyes aren't even open, but Steve rolls over, blindly reaching out for Tony, to yank him back into his arms.
"Definitely No." Pepper turned to face him straight on as if scolding a puppy. "I already had to move around all these meetings so that you could take the time off, I just can't swing it. I'll send a very expensive gift okay?"
"That is not funny." Sharon said with a stomp of her foot, finally catching on. "You're so not funny, any of you."
Tony turns his gaze back to the ceiling. "I do." He admits with a surprising ease. "More than I've ever loved anyone in my entire life."
"Are you sure?" Tony huffed out, trying to catch his breath. "I've seen you work out I don't want to be a distraction."
"Being good with names if the first thing they beat into you in boarding school." Tony revealed, stepping around Clint and into the house. When the man didn't laugh, he quickly followed it up with. "I'm joking, it was my father who did the beating, not the school."
"I was never this bad." Steve protested, before he motioned to the screen of horrors above him. "This is not old fashioned Tony, holding a door open for a girl is old fashioned, asking someone to go steady is old fashioned this-" and Tony swore he heard Steve's voice raise an octave and crack. "This is not old fashioned."
There was a beat where Tony contemplated his options, really he had none. There was no way out of her grasp, with or without a weapon. He inhaled deeply closing his tired eyes. "I'm sorry Nat. I can't do this"
Tony's fingers managed to twist around the fabric of Steve's T-shirt and move it upwards. Steve pulled away only for his shirt to be lifted over his head and tossed. The partial split was enough to make Tony whine, he was about to complain when he heard the ringing of a phone.
"Like?" Pepper asks, there's just something about the way Pepper talks that you can't really brush her off.
Natasha laughs as she steps into the elevator. "You're already paying for the welcome dinner, which by the way we didn't even need to have."
"Thanks Tony." Steve opened up his phone as if fully restarted, relieved to see some red bubbles missing, and knowing just how to fix the rest of them now.
"Pep?" He looked down at his buttons, twisting the top one together against his ribs before turning to look up at the woman in front of him "Do you really think I should do this?"
"I'm sure." She replied, though she was once again typing, and Tony knew he was about to lose her again.
"Aw, it's okay cap." Barton clapped a hand over his shoulder. "There's always gotta be one pooper in the group."
"We need to talk." Tony regrets the words as soon as they leave his mouth, and he can see the way Steve hates how they feel against his ears, and he wishes he could take them back.
"Do you need something?" Steve says, finally realizing how silly he looks teetering on the edge of as far from Tony as he can get without leaving the couch, and slides back onto a cushion like a regular person.
Steve didn't reply, instead he turned his attention to his completely blank report and prayed that Tony wouldn't notice his blush.
Pepper nodded along as she typed, her fingers moving over her keyboard graceful and fast. Tony admired the way she always held herself, like class and pride personified, with an aurora of
"We finally made it to a bed." Tony muses, mostly to himself in the aftermath, as his head clears and everything becomes real again.
"That was one time." Tony smirked, remembering how upset Pepper was when she accidentally saw those outgoing messages on his screen. "And if I remember correctly I told you not to check my phone for me."
Tony's mind immediately fell to Steve, because how could they not. "Does his smile make you smile? And when he looks at you in a crowded room does your stomach twist a little bit? And when he makes stupid jokes do you laugh, even just to make him feel better?" Tony tilted his head, just to catch Natasha's green eyes staring at him. "My mom used to say that you know it's true love when you get good news and want to tell them first, but even more so when it's bad news and they're the first one on your list to call."
"No she wouldn't." Natasha replied simply with a small shrug of her shoulders. "Pepper loves me, and you know it."
"I bet I'm fully right." Natasha eyed Barton, challenging him with just a look."Wanna put some money on it?"
"Oh yes." Natasha said, gently nudging Jame's hip with her own and motioning for him to grab the bottle of wine behind him, before she headed towards the doors herself. He obliged and followed her out towards the deck.
"It all started with this little red bubble that wouldn't go away." Steve sighed, relinquishing the phone, before pulling a seat from the other side of the table. "Then it said something about clouds and now..." After taking a seat, Steve sighed once again. "now it keeps saying something about data?"
"You're just that delicious." Tony teased, finally pushing himself upwards and forcing himself to wake up. "Now what were you saying?
"Holy shit!" Clint's voice is loud from behind them, startling both Tony and Steve apart, though their hands stay tied together, neither willing to let go, and Tony mentally notes that it stands for something. Clint pauses eyes shifting between them before he smirks. "The barn looks amazing." he praises, as if that's what he was going to do all along. "We should get in there, Bride and Groom are incoming."
"Aren't you at work?" Steve asked, still turning away from Sam, as to not let the flushed look he now wore be seen.
Tony debates sending another text, but he can hear footsteps in the grass getting closer to him, and he just knows that it's Steve. So he slides his phone into his breast pocket and waits.
Captain America - it wasn't just a job description. He could feel himself getting angry, and turned towards the elevators, and headed directly for the Workshop.  However all hopes of being calmed by Tony were dashed when, Steve stepped out and noticed all of Tony's black out defenses were up. Steve had to punch in his code only to step into the room and be met with AC/DC blasting from every speaker Tony had in there, at a deafening level.
"Saucy." Tony smirked along with Steve, before moving his hands to one of Steve's bare feet, pressing his thumbs into the pad and massaging it gently, appreciating the curl of toes he got in return.
Tony nodded as earnestly as he could, trying to act like he was seriously considering his possible problem. "I think I can handle that, I have a very robust security team."
Steve pushed himself away from the work bench, grabbing his laptop as he moved, knowing it was time to head back to his room, to accomplish his work, not because he was actually beginning to enjoy talking to Tony. "Thank you, again."
Which is why when Natasha sent him a text message with the information she used to create him a Tinder, he struggled to come to terms with what that even meant for him.
"Uh-huh" Clint furrowed his brow, shifting slightly on the couch as Steve sat down. "Did you do your hair too?"
Steve can't help the laugh that escapes him as he presses the shutter button. It's ridiculous. There's literally smoking drones behind them, and Steve looks like he needs a shower.
Natasha's lips fell into a small frown, and that really felt like answer enough, but it wouldn't stop her from using her words. "He told us everything, and if it helps he really came off as an asshole in his version of events so I can only imagine how you're feeling."
The party had shifted back inside at some point, as someone had recommended Karaoke, and Tony distinctly remembers saying that it would be a terrible idea, but Clint insisted and in they went. Sometime in that shift, Steve went missing, which was fine. Really, Tony wasn't bothered by that at all.
Jarvis wasn't sounding off alarm bells, so there wasn't really any reason for Tony to worry about himself when he was safe in his shop. Circled in Holo-screens, numbers flashing over them, things that Steve would never understand. Still, Steve hadn't come for nothing.
"-I like cock?" Tony finished the sentence with a shrug, oblivious to how red Steve was beginning to turn next to him. "Love is love, Sex is sex." Tony waywardly moved his hand in front of him trying to articulate "I just like getting laid Rogers, get with the times."
"What?" Tony asked, leaning over to get closet to Steve in his seat "Does the thought of me with a guy bother you good Captain? Against your moral code? Turn you on?"
Steve hesitated but only for a moment before he let out a breath and turned to face Tony straight on. "Please help me." He said, once again offering up the strip of fabric.
"Drink!" Clint said to the room, having made a drinking game out of every time they were referred to as a couple.  No one else was playing along with him, but it didn't matter to Clint.
Another stride, and he was barely a foot away from Steve, and his stupid beautiful face, and his hands were shaking and he just could not go through this again. He did not have the energy to do this. "I am not going to do this with you." Tony's voice dropped along with his finger. "Not here, and not now."
Tony yelped and struggled for only a minute, it was a quick glance but he was pretty sure he saw a blade attached to her thigh and he knew better then to fight with an armed spy. "You promised no bodily harm. I thought you kept promises!"
"The real question here Spangles -" Tony said behind a mischievous smile. "Is what were you doing up so late? and on your computer no less. Making up for lost time?"
Natasha reached to the dresser she had just shoved out of the way, pulling off a black suit jacket and handing it to Pepper's outstretched hand. Opening the jacket at the collar, Pepper held it up nodding to Tony to put it on. It was like something clicked in his head the second Pepper walked in and he was finding it extremely difficult to keep up his tantrum. With a huff he slid an arm through the first sleeve and then spinning to put in the other.
Once the ceremony wrapped, Tony found himself hanging around, while everyone else made their way to the barn, and the wedding party and family made their way off to get photographs taken, Tony stayed where he was, and admired the summer day. His phone vibrated, it was Pepper replying to the photo of Natasha.
Steve averted his eyes and took a step away from Tony,  relieved when he caught a glimpse of boxer shorts in his peripheral  "Yeah that's probably a good idea." He rubbed the back of his neck stepping back towards the door, watching as Tony crawled into his bed.
Clint just laughs again, and Tony pops the can in his hand, brown eyes practically burning into the back of Steve's head, waiting for some kind of explanation. Steve can feel it, so he sighs, just enough to get his blush under control before facing the brunette again.
"I love you." Tony repeats, just like a proud boyfriend should. He leans in and catches Steve in a very soft kiss. "You know Pep's probably in the elevator right now, right?"
"Sounds like we're good to go then." Natasha says, stacking some plates on to the island, this time softer than the bacon plate, so that they group can start dishing up.
In no time the farmhouse came into view, and Steve was no where to be seen, he managed to dig back out his cell phone and request a cab to his location, being told the one would arrive shortly.
"They what?" Steve's face twisted into disgust before he found himself pinching the bridge of his nose, nearly vibrating with frustration. "They should have left me frozen."
Tony opened his mouth to reply but quickly closed it, looking somewhat like a stunned guppy, and Steve took that as answer enough, cupping Tony's face in his hands before catching the brunettes lips with his own. The kiss was slow and gentle, and eventually Tony came out of his daze and kissed back.
"It's not love." He argues. "Its infatuation at the most." and he can no longer tell if hes trying to convince her, or himself of that, because the lines have gotten very blurry all of a sudden, and he's not sure he can think himself out of this mess. Pepper warns him just to be careful and to not get himself hurt, he wont, or so he says. It might actually be too late to make that promise.
Though twenty minutes into tales of being a coffee shop barista and the Broadway struggle, he was wishing he had started a conversation with Sam.
"Well.." This time Steve glanced back at Sam, who stood staring at him, expectantly. "We were out for a run and just stumbled upon a rainbow flag-"
"Or-" Pepper said with a soft nod. "You keep a hard line drawn and you let them think whatever they want to think."
"Thanks." Steve called over his shoulder as he started out of the living room and back towards the elevator.
Steve opened his mouth to speak but quickly closed it. Tony didn't want to have to drudge up the past, he really didn't want to relive all their mistakes, especially after the decent day they had been having, but here they were again. Awkward, with not much to say.
"You make everyone look so human." She says one day as she's floating around the main floor, waiting for Tony before they head off to a meeting of some sort.
When he looks down, Steve is staring at him, intent and serious, full of concern, and uses his clean hand to wipe away the tears on Tony's other cheek, before pressing a kiss to the corner of Tony's mouth. "I love you too." He whispers softly. "I've loved you always, and will love you forever."
He debated not going in at all, but then he remembered why he was here in the first place, Natasha. This weekend was not about him, and as much as he wanted to act like a petulant child, he knew he also didn't want to ruin his friends wedding.  Vermont is a large place  echoed Pepper's words in his head.
"I guess I should wrap this up then." Steve laughs, leaning in for another quick peck before looking back at his screen. It's going crazy, so many comments and reactions coming through that Steve can't even keep up with them. It's fine though, it doesn't matter.  "All I'm trying to say is that I won't pretend to be someone I'm not anymore. You guys follow the account to see who I really am, so. This is it. This is me."
"Oh I don't know." Natasha calmed her breathing as she walked along the edge of the sparring mat. "Like maybe advice on how to ask him out or-" she jabbed forward, her hand barely escaping Steve's grab. "-Like how to just confess that you're madly in love with him."
He was still in his work clothes, only his jacket and tie had been discarded somewhere. His shirt had the top few buttons open, and now had grease marks over the once white fabric, like he had run directly down there as soon as Pepper allowed him to.
It wasn't that he was mad, because that wasn't really what he was feeling. He just felt deflated, for ten years he had made up this story in his head about why things happened, and how, and in one morning he had the rug pulled beneath his feet. Everything he thought he knew, was wrong.
"Jesus Rogers." Tony huffs, dropping his wrench onto the work table with a clank. "Can you just give a guy five minutes I told you-"
"Common mistake." Steve says with a smile, he still looks amazing, though his jacket is undone now and the sun has started to kiss his cheeks from standing out in it for over an hour now. "Can I walk you to the reception?"
Tony eyed the mini fridge, wondering if it was worth round two when there was a soft knock at his door. He didn't want to answer it, he didn't even want to check who was behind it, but the knocking came again, and with the heat of the vodka still warming his chest, he figured the week couldn't get any worse.
Tony remembers wishing to die the day Steve finally packed his bags and left. Tony remembers begging the universe to end his life so he wouldn't have to go on. Tony blamed him self for everything, and found himself still doing it.
"I came to find you." Tony admits, remembering the cup in his hand and taking a drink, while taking a break to check Steve out.
He could feel Steve trace shapes out along his back and side, knowing his fingers would be leaving traces of black, but it was okay. It was always okay with Steve, Tony hadn't felt so relaxed in his entire life, than when he was wrapped in Steve's arms. It had all been worth it, all the waiting, all the late night phone calls, and middle of the day text chains. The long drawn out conversations, about their past, and what the hell they were even doing. The talks about their future, how much had changed yet how some things could just feel all the same. All of it was worth it to Tony, to get Steve back to him.
"I have to go in to town in a bit." Steve says from where's he's standing, or leaning, against the kitchen sink with his breakfast plate in hand. "If you wanted a ride back to the hotel Tony? Saves you a cab."
Steve's body shifts beside him, and Tony knows that caught his attention. He doesn't want to go, but he needs to. He knows he has to, and he knows that Steve knows he has to. The company, Pepper, Tony's entire life was in New York, almost Tony's entire life. It was time to get back to reality. They both knew this was going to happen.
"You're such an idiot." Was not what Tony had meant to say, but it's absolutely what came out of his mouth. Steve looked taken aback, only for a second before Tony quickly followed up with  "Yes! Obviously Yes."  blinking back the tears he cupped Steve's face and pulled him into a kiss. "But now I need to get you a different Christmas present you son of a bitch."
Steve didn't even notice him, he could have come and gone without even the slightest detection. But, to be fair, Steve wouldn't have noticed anyone enter the room, not with the way he was so intently shooting daggers with his eyes at the television and grumbling to himself. It was an odd situation, and normally Tony tried to avoid those, but something was wrong, and he just couldn't let it be. No matter how much he wanted to.
"Say goodnight Steve!" Tony shouts, with a laugh, ripping the phone out of Steve's hand to end the stream before Captain America threatens half a million people in real time.
"Thank you, Tony." Steve spoke quietly, but genuinely and Tony wanted to ask what for, or make a joke and shrug it off, but there was something about the way Steve had said it. The sentiment was layered and went so much deeper than Tony could have imagined something so simple could have. So he swallowed back whatever awful knee-jerk reaction was bubbling up within him and just reminded himself to breathe.
It took Tony a second, but his shoulders dropped, as if releasing preventative tension, and then he held out his palm. "Let me see."
It sounds like the start of something very confusing, but if this was ever going to work, Tony figured there would be some difficult navigating ahead of them. He wasn't entirely lying when he said that maybe he'd fly out to See Steve when he could, and maybe Steve should come see him. But they weren't children anymore.
"Yeah." Steve confirmed with a roll of his eyes. "I Swear to God it's like a kicked a puppy or burned a flag the way everyone's reacting, but what's that got to do with.. You..."
"What exactly were you expecting to happen?" The scientist asked, pushing the glasses up his nose. "You're Captain America Steve."
Before Steve could yell at the television the elevator announced its arrival, doors pulling open to reveal Pepper. She glared through the newly opened doors at Steve as she marched off. Her heels clipped into the tile flooring with every step while she held a phone tightly to her ear.
likes you. It was just because I was jealous." He paused, Steve was about to ask if he was about done, but was quickly silenced when Tony let out an unprompted laugh."Fuck you're so gorgeous. I love looking at your muscles, and those big hands." Tony's eyes slipped shut for a minute as if he was picturing it in his head. "I think about your hands and that disproving look you give me Sometimes, it's so sexy I-"
"Please, you weren't really the best at picking out gifts either." Tony explained with a smirk. "Don't make me do this."
"Tony?" Steve called, hoping to be heard over the guitar riffs. He could see Tony's brown hair peeking up behind a desk, hunched over something on the ground, not registering his company.
"One time." Tony spoke to the ceiling simply annoyed with the current situation "You accidentally forget explosives in your pocket one time." He pushed himself away from the island, checking his watch for the time. "Anyways, I'd love to stay and chat but-"
"Sometimes you gotta fight dirty." Natasha was smirking, as she headed towards the van where all the armed drones had came from, sneaking up beside it to disarm whoever was inside.
Tony swallowed his drink slowly, calculating his next move, the silence dragged on and he wasn't sure if there was going to be a way out if he waited any longer. "Or." Tony spoke carefully. "What I might have said."
"Sorry. Have you thought of asking one of the hundreds of girls that throw themselves at you every time we walk down the street?" Steve didn't have enough hands to count how many times Women, and the occasional guy even, would scream Tony's name or ask him to sign their bodies, or beg him to take them out on dates. Each and every time Tony would smile his smooth smile and politely decline the dates and the kisses, but stop for every photo and sign every body part offered up to him. "I really am having trouble believing you cant' get a date Tony."
Excuses, were excuses, were excuses. But that's all Tony had to fall back on. They fall quiet, and for a few seconds Tony thinks perhaps Natasha had fallen asleep, and he'd be able to escape this conversation.
"Oh." Tony replies staring at Bucky's hand before finally shaking it with his own. "Yeah well, Natasha loves you, it wasn't hard to remind her of that." He decides to keep Sharon off his to be trusted list still anyways, she has shifty eyes. "And for the record, I'd put you at like a seven and a half, a solid nine today all dressed up though."
He also had one missed call, and a voicemail from an unknown number. Tony looked at the ten digits on his screen, a Vermont area code, and would bet a pretty penny that it was Steve. He decided he wasn't going to walk down that road again just yet, and forced himself into a shower instead.
"Are we talking about that girls boyfriend again?" Clint rolled his eyes as he walked into the kitchen.
"Who had a date?" Tony asked turning back towards the group, movie previewing on the screen behind him.
"No, I am not." Tony replied, curious as to what kind of party would have a stripper arrive by four. "Clint, Right?" He asked, trying to make conversation.
questioning. Again, Tony just smiles and shrugs like he doesn't know, because he doesn't. All Tony knows is now Steve doesn't complain when he has to sit next to him, he does it with a smile, they talk like friends.
"Uh- Yeah- Okay." Tony quickly turned towards the beer fridge, yanking it open and wishing he could fit his entire body inside of it."We got beer, soda, water - what did you want?"
"You're a cheat." Steve groaned, but Natasha just laughed, hopping to her feet, and offering him a hand to get up with.
Steve smiled down at the top of Tony's head, he had to give it to him, drunk or not he was damn cute. "No you don't." He resisted the urge to run his fingers through the brunettes hair, it still smelled of shampoo, and looked soft and fluffy, and so touchable.
It's nearly pornographic, and Tony reminds himself to take a mental picture, just in case Steve meant it when he said this was the last time. Tony's fingers twist around Steve's hair on pure instinct and he's not too full of himself to admit he doesn't last long, all but crumbling to the ground in a mess of limbs once he does.
Sam was laughing, and Sharon had snorted at the idea, even Clint was chuckling, but Steve was just looking so, embarrassed and sorry. "It wasn't all bad." Tony found himself adding, getting Steve to look up at him from across the table. "Sometimes he also hit it out of the park, something else that must run in the family."
"Two times in under five minutes." Steve quirked, forcing Tony to look up at his face "That has got to be a new record, even for you."
Tony think's he should be upset, but his legs feel a bit like Jell-o, and hes sure he's about to stumble or fall asleep, so instead he nods, and lets Steve take his hand and lead him back into the house. He expects to be lead to the couch, but he can still hear people singing, and Steve is taking him up the back stairwell. So Tony goes with it. It's a guest room of some sort, he guesses, but he's tired now so it doesn't really matter, the bed is warm and comfortable, and that's good enough for him.
Steve, though, holds the phone steady, dragging a hand down his face before he's laughing along. "She's the one that wanted me to let the public see the real me." He grins into the camera and quickly adds. "She brought this on herself."
"Then what are you saying!" Clint grabbed the pillow slamming it down into his lap frustrated. "Something it basically nothing, unless it's sex."
Tony didn't remember much of the night, he remembers going to the bar, and that's about where it starts getting fuzzy. - Scotch! there was scotch involved. Okay, his memory was getting a little bit better. At least he was at home, in his own bed, and as far as he could tell he was alone in his own bed, that that was a plus.
"I'm sure" Steve mused over his coffee mug, watching carefully as Tony smoothed his blue suit jacket over his chest. "Tell me again why you're going to this thing?"
"Over? I thought this was just intermission." Tony sighs, twisting in his chair to look at Steve. "You'll have to forgive me, this is my first wedding."
Steve couldn't sleep. He had tossed and turned and counted six hundred and some odd sheep. It was somewhere around the time his brain started wondering how blue raspberry became a flavor - because there were no such things as blue raspberries and though raspberry was definitely a flavor,
Natasha did not give Tony an inch, and yet still managed to stroke his ego enough that he knew she was the one. He took to her quickly, and she him. Tony gladly added her to his very short list of friends, So when she came into the office after Valentine's day with a ring, Tony knew there was no way he was not going to be apart of it. Thankfully, Natasha didn't disagree. So now he was heading off to Vermont, to finally meet the groom, and everyone else Natasha occasionally mentioned when speaking about her life.
"And so, as Maid of honor, Steve, I just want to say, If he ever hurts you I will cut off his fingers one by one."  Natasha narrowed her eyes at Tony, before throwing a small smile to Steve.
Tony groaned, the bright lights hurting his face as he shuffled to the coffee machine. "I don't know what you heard but I assure you it was all lies."
The tone in Steve's voice makes Tony anxious. It sounds sad, and worried, and it makes Tony want to call him back right away, he wants to tell Steve that he hasn't lost anything, but he also wants to roll his eyes, because he's been waiting for that phone call for nearly ten years, and he wants to ask Steve if that was so difficult.
The warmth of the tower hit him like a ton of bricks, sending a flare up his arms and through his body, welcoming every inch.
"Now what about you two?" Natasha states looking to Steve and Tony beside her, her tone of voice much more sweeter than mere seconds ago.
Tony eyed the man, slowly placing himself down onto the couch "Well I'm afraid you've missed midnight by two and a half hours." he glanced at the clock above the door to make sure he wasn't mistaken, he wasn't. "What would you have toasted to?"
"Well.." Tony frowned, playing with the hem of his shirt, so thankful that Rhodey was not there in person. "It was technically after the bar. You see, Steve came to pick me up-"
Tony had to swallow back his heart, which felt like it was in his throat as he looked at Steve, because Tony had seen that smile from the picture, just this morning, just like he used to smile when they were in love. And now it was gone.
The rest of the meal hurried, people dropped their dishes into the sink before heading out the door. Bucky muttering how they're going to be late to the airport, and Sharon complaining that the shops had opened up an hour ago. Clint was not in any type of a rush to get anywhere, except for back on the sofa, where he stretched out and promptly fell right back to sleep.
"You brought Sam's jacket." It was a statement, not a question as Steve eyed the jacket dangling from Tony's fingers before taking it. "Right, yeah Thank you. Clint mentioned someone would bring it by."
"You guys have no idea how good he is at these speech things." Tony says with a smirk into the camera. "Anything else Cap?"
Tony nodded in commiseration. "We're damaged goods, Rogers." then he smirked, pressing hard on the enter button, before twisting the laptop to face Steve, clearly logged into the Shield inbox. "I changed your password to something a little easier to remember."
"Want to talk about it?" Natasha had a certain finesse with words, she could frame something as a simple question and in reality make it sound like a demand. One you would be stupid to deny. It made sense, she didn't get to become one of the worlds greatest secret assassin spies on her looks alone. Steve knew this and yet every time he would fall into her trap, not this time.
"This one isn't so bad." Steve says looking at a new one. "It just saying Oh Em Gee is that Tony's workshop, with a bunch of hearts, how do people spot this kind of stuff?"
It's impossible,  Tony thinks to himself, there's no way out of this conversation where he comes out okay, he knows this, Steve knows this, and so they stand in silence. Steve's face looks less sure of itself, but his mouth isn't moving, and that's enough of an answer for Tony. So instead, flustered and overcome with emotion, Tony apologizes and excuses himself to his penthouse. Steve doesn't follow.  And he shouldn't - who in their right mind would.
She had tried to calm him down, and she succeeded to a certain extent. She got him to his feet anyways, with the promise of not opening the door, allowing anyone else in or causing him bodily harm. It was definitely a hard deal for her to make, but she did it. After all it was her first time as a Maid of Honor and she wasn't going to allow Tony to fuck it up. 'It's okay' she had said against the door  'I've got him, he's alive, switch to the comms and leave the doorway.'   There were a few mumbles but after a minute everyone had left the doorway, confirmed by JARVIS. They sat in silence for a few minutes, before Tony started pacing.
"I have to shower." Tony sighs, as he slides off the bed and away from Steve, bursting the bubble they create when they're alone. "You've made me late again Steve, Pepper might be having a word with you."
"We had just moved in together." Tony said, clearing his throat, and the emotion from it. "Actually I think right after I took this we got into a huge argument about where to put all my boxes. I had endless boxes of just scrap metals and wires, I had just gotten cut off from the family funds and we were renting this awful shack like ten minutes from the beach, and I just filled it with all my crap."
"Not really." Steve admits, and it may come out a bit harsher than he had meant. But he had tried hard to just be himself, yet people still always assumed he was dating any girl he was spotted out in public with. Still, people assumed he was perfect, he was still Captain America, even though he posted things from Steve Roger's every day life. "I just mean I could be doing more."
"See." Natasha says again, simply, proving yet another one of her points, again, Tony didn't get it.
"So you dug out every remote you could find?" Tony's eyebrows raised in question before he chuckled down at the remote collection. It was pretty stupid to have six different remotes for one system, and Tony couldn't fault Steve for being annoyed with it. And yes, he could have just told Steve to ask Jarvis to turn it on and that would have worked just fine, but he knew Steve, he knew the guy liked to do things himself, the old school way.  So instead of pointing out the obvious Tony decided he was going to have to do this the hard way. "I am going to need you to forget everything you think you know about remotes for a second."
"I am exhausted. I am going to bed." Tony quickly moved forward, placing a quick kiss to Natasha's cheek. "Please go have fun, I promise to be here in the morning, I really just need to be on my own for a little."
It was a statement, and a bold one, causing Tony to almost trip on his own feet, startled. Hesitating in what to do, the wind howled as it curved around the buildings.
"Yeah she has had to deal with more shit just simply by sleeping with you." Tony's friend laughed again and it almost made him forget why he called in the first place, almost.
Steve just wanted to talk, he wanted to explain and apologize, but Tony didn't need an apology, he understood, this wasn't his first rodeo, sex is good when there's no strings attached, when there's no feelings to get in the way or murky up the water. Everything is better with no feelings.
But she hasn't, and she reminds him of this by asking, "Did he call you? He wouldn't tell me what happened today, just that he needed your number urgently."
This time Steve chuckles, lowering his shirt back down. "So do you, but you always look really good."
Steve wiped the hot tears from his cheeks, blinking back any more that threatened to fall. "Then try." He croaked. "I will stay and we can try." His fingers hitched over his collar, pulling the hidden chain off his skin. He grasped the small circle at the end between his fingers, not daring to look at the other man. "Fix me."
"You're awful." Steve was frowning, but for the first time in their very tense relationship, he didn't actually have any fire behind it.
"It's nothing" He hesitated with the words, not sure how to say it all out loud. "I'm just not used to seeing Tony that drunk."  Lying through his teeth - sort of - but he didn't really want to talk to anyone about what was just said to him. Tony was drunk, very drunk. There was a very huge, very likely possibility that Tony wouldn't even remember what he said or did. He also didn't need to concern his team mates with personal matters, or non-matters for that matter.
"Might be important." Steve mumbled against his skin, just as his phone started ringing for a third time.
"Polished?" Tony finished instead, knowing her threat was not empty. "I haven't even met the groom, and at this point I've been invited and had to miss so many events I'm sure they think I am a giant ass."
"It makes them more comfortable around you." Maria added quickly. "We're not asking you to post every second of your every day, we just want you to show glimpses into your life, just enough to get people to like you."
"Are you alright?" He asked after a beat although now that he was feeling a bit more awake, he felt he knew what the answer would be. He had only ever seen Natasha upset once before, it was right when she started working for him, he never really did find out what she was upset about, but he could tell from her eyes.
"Don't they make pasta out of cauliflower these days?" Tony added, his first attempt to joining a group conversation, honestly he couldn't even remember the last time he had anything that even resembled a family dinner, let alone had a conversation during one. "Wouldn't that make it healthy?"
The entire deck was decorated in soft white string lights. The summer sun was still up, but once it set Tony could tell it would be beautiful There was a large table, completely set for seven, with a few covered bowls in the center. Everyone had managed to steal a seat, though Natasha had saved him one next to her, at the end of the table.
"What's going on?" Pepper spoke stepping into the room, eyes flickering from Tony to Natasha and back to Tony.  It must have clicked instantly, she knew exactly what was going on and the look of pity on her face said it all. "Oh, No. Tony."
"Hmm." Steve did Tony the courtesy of looking down at his own treadmill screen. "What is it that's keeping the genius awake then?"
Tony was struggling to process the information, he had always thought it was because Steve was bored with him. Because someone else was hotter, because the other woman was enough, that she was better. Tony always assumed it was because of him. "Howard?" he found himself questioning.
"She's totally bluffing." Clint narrowed his eyes at the red head, who's face didn't even crack in return, instead she plainly motioned for the archer to make another bet.
At that Tony chuckled, raising the mug to his mouth again. Putting a positive spin on any failed relationship was nearly impossible, but he had at least expected Steve's friends to sympathize. "He was an asshole." Tony confirmed over the rim of his cup. "Might still be, I don't really know him anymore."
"Oh, I just figured Tony would want to know he's about to get upstaged." Natasha's green eyes travel from Tony to Steve. "Welcome to Instagram by the way."
"Before you-" Tony waved a hand, stopping Steve's mouth from opening. "I know it's not my place, that we aren't.. you know whatever, but it still bothers me, I'm sorry." he shrugged lamely. "I'll get over it, I just needed some time away from it all."
Steve opened his eyes as the new sound joined him, he knew that sound well, appreciated it almost. He was here. He did not move from his spot, he knew how this would go, the sound of Iron man landing enough to confirm it.
Natasha's eyes quickly flickered over her emails, searching for one name in particular. "I can't seem to find anything." She said, half to herself, half to the man on the other side of the desk, brown eyes burning into her from behind the laptop. "Are you sure you sent it?" She risked asking. "I mean, it wouldn't be the first time."
Pepper is the first one to notice them, her glare softens as her eyes fall to the clasped hands, and cautiously, Steve thinks he may have dodged the wrath of Pepper Potts once again.
"Is that me?" Tony asked once he had it unrolled, it was the back of him at least, that's what it looked like. The background was all blues and blacks, with just touches of soft yellows, It looked like a galaxy behind a person bent over a table.
Steve sighed down at his phone, re-reading his last received text message again, and again, and then once more for good measure. Natasha had been trying to set him up on dates, plural, for quite some time now. Steve didn't know why she was so concerned with his love life, but she had said something about him needing to move on in the world, staying occupied and having sex - but Steve didn't understand how any of that had anything to do with his general quality of life. He was busy, when he wasn't literally saving the world, he was smiling for cameras, or volunteering. Between superhero life, and filling out endless paperwork, he barely had time to catch a baseball game or sketch or paint. The last thing he wanted to do during his few peaceful hours off was to have an anxiety attack over where to take a date, what to wear, how to act, what flowers to buy. It just seemed so small in the grand scheme of things.
"You look really good tonight." Comes out of Tony's mouth as he watches Steve's throat bob, and his grip tightens around his glass of water.
Tony raised a single eyebrow, but didn't spare a look. "Men are worse." he replied simply. "And you can trust me on that one."
Pepper's glare stopped him mid sentence, and then she was looking back down at her phone, pacing the room. "They will use any excuse to throw him under the bus." Her voice was tight, and her fingers didn't even hesitate. "Any reason to discount him, as well as the Avengers."
"What?" Steve asks, almost forgetting entirely what it was he was doing before he got lost in Tony's mouth.
"That would have gone well." Tony said, finally pulling his hands away from his face. "Hey Steve, I know we've struggled to play nice, and finally have some semblance of a friendship, but I find you just like, the most attractive human being on the planet, can we just go somewhere alone so I can see you naked and maybe kiss you or whatever, you know - Oh yeah- that would have gone -."
Steve peered up into the sky, catching the gold and red armor as it flew above him catching the sunlight in its shiny surface. "I have an idea but," Steve smirked. "Shell head I need a lift."
"Clint has the same." Maria adds with a shoulder shrug. "He also occasionally logs onto Reddit and  does AMA's, the fans love it, they're always a big hit." She levels a stern look at Steve before continuing, as if begging him to challenge her. "Thor's Facebook page, though a bit of a mess lately with his new obsession with Meme's also has a large following."
"You say that now." Sam said with a huff, taking a bite off his fork. "But that's how he gets you, latches on."
, and kind of lost any acceptable 'wading into the whole technology thing' time. So now, here he was, in a high tech world, just trying to figure everything out, and for the most part those tech guys were right. Watch Clint turn on and off the television enough times and you sort of get the idea.
It didn't hurt that Captain America had been bringing him soup, and coffee, and more painkillers every single time the 'when can I have my next pill' timer went off.
Tony isn't sure he'd call it sex exactly, but getting each other off in a Shield headquarters broom closet hungry and savage had to count for something. Tony hears his name panting past Steve's lips, and it's the most beautiful sound he's ever heard.
"Not fair?" Tony found his voice raising as he took a long stride forward, raising his finger to point at Steve, his anger bubbling up. "No, You do not get to do this to me, what's not fair is You, and what you did to me. What's not fair is how you took my entire heart and shredded it to pieces for a night of fucking fun with some girl. Not fair is leaving me heartbroken and alone after my parents died, No What's not fair is-"
" Suddenly bits and pieces of his night were coming back, specifically the part where he told Steve his disappointed face was sexy. "Oh my god no."
"You're telling me, that everyone else has a social... Thing, except for me?" Steve can't believe this. He just, can't, even in  a world ruled by being connected.
"Not Great." Steve admitted, pulling his phone out of his pocket. "There's only like three comments where someone is asking about our relationship, one of them is extremely homophobic." he glances up from his phone screen, realizing he has all eyes on him. "And it only got a few thousand likes, that's less than the one of my coffee."
"I don't know what do to Tony." Natasha rolled onto her back to stare at his ceiling, defeated and sad.
Tony didn't want to get involved, but he figured he had a few minutes wait for the cab anyways since he was trapped in the middle of nowhere. "Why aren't they delivering the roses?" He asked, forcing himself to make his way up the deck.
Steve rolled his eyes, but Tony barked out a laugh before asking "Sure, yeah so what's your hold up?"
Natasha didn't say anything, and Tony didn't know if he was doing a good job or a bad job, so he carried on. "I think you know it's love when the thought of waking up without him makes your stomach drop to your knees, Nat." Tony turned on his side to face her. "I know I'm still relatively new to seeing you two together, but It looks like love to me. What's really got you stressed?"
He really should have listened to her. But no, he just had to go ahead and keep talking without thinking and drinking. Scotches, never again, he told himself. Never again. As a distraction he ran a scan of his suit and had J.A.R.V.I.S. display the results above him, and the desk. The damage on the suit was of course nothing a few hours of hard work couldn't fix, but the damage to his pride would take longer.
Tony just smiles softly, and waves his own phone screen in the air, Steve's Instagram post taking up the screen.
"Know?" Tony shook his head, refusing to look at Steve again. "No from the sounds of it no one did, and why would you guys right, Who wants to point out that they had a failed whirlwind relationship with someone that's showing up to your wedding, am I right?"
Tony gets a glimpse of his abs and he almost completely forgets what Steve just asked him. Almost. "Wait, what?" he asks back. His head is a little cloudy, but it's not that bad. "I don't have a girlfriend - Oh my God are you jealous of Pepper?"
Thankfully, it appeared, that was all Steve needed to hear because he had quickly closed the space between them, and his hands had found their way to Tony's face, pulling him into a desperate kiss. Like he had been waiting for this moment and was ready to go. The kiss sent Tony stumbling back a few steps, before his own hands wrapped around Steve's forearms to stabilize himself.
"I have to go." Tony swallowed back the bile that was rising in his throat, forcing himself to turn away, blinking himself back into reality. He needed to look away from Steve so he turned directly into Natasha, completely forgetting that she was at his side. "I have to go." He repeated, this time directly to her.
Speaking to Tony outside of battle or a mission was rare, and when it did happen it was always in a group setting, over a shared meal, or a briefing, maybe the occasional night they all happened to be home at the same time, but always with other people around. Which is why, the second time Steve needed technical help, he felt stupid for immediately thinking of Tony. But, Tony had said any time, and he of course was the only other person still awake in the tower. It didn't help that it was nearly two thirty in the morning, a time when regular people sleep, and Tony was not regular people.
"Yeah-" Tony seemed to be in a bit more control of his own legs, by the time they made it into the penthouse, still he hung on to Steve but used his own legs to direct them both towards his bedroom, kicking his shoes off as he moved. "You know, Woo me,  like buying me flowers and dedicating songs to me over the radio." Tony pushed open his bedroom door, finally loosening his grip of Steve's arm before asking, "Do they do that on radios anymore?"
"I'm saying you haven't bothered to ask to see if I would." Steve spoke simply, with a very fond eye roll. If he wasn't careful they were going to roll out of his skull.
"Huh." She turned on her heel, following Steve as she spoke. "That's a lot less exciting than I was hoping for."
Tony tightened his grip on Sam's jacket, taking a moment to drink Steve in. He was dressed in a suit, the black fabric making him look paler than usual, but causing those blue eyes to pop in a way Tony had never witnessed before. Tony indulged himself, taking his time in dragging his eyes down the length of Steve's body and back up. "Wow, don't you clean up nice." He finally replied.
"Yeah - Maybe." Clint's voice sounded out of breath as he climbed up the side of a taller building getting a better vantage point. "But it's probably right smack dab in the middle of that highly weaponized center."
"You're right." Steve finally said, connecting his thoughts into something that made sense. "I'm sorry Tony."
Steve gave him a nod, sliding his shield onto his back. "the clean up crew will be here shortly, do one more pass just to make sure they're all deactivated and then head back to the tower, we'll debrief there." Tony gave a two fingered salute through the armor before taking off and heading directly back to the tower.
Natasha's head tilted, measuring herself up to Steve and then she grinned. "Sure-" Her  arms swung out quick, and before Steve could brace himself, she had wrapped her legs, around his and caused them both to fall onto the mat with a heavy thud.
"You used to hate dancing." Tony comments, matching the volume, looking up at Steve from beneath his lashes. "In fact I remember you telling me it was like a loose form of torture for me to make you."
The distance between them now is felt by both, but Tony can't help allowing himself to drink this moment in. Steve splayed in front of him naked and as gorgeous as ever. His ab muscles flex as he lowers himself onto his elbows, staring at Tony expectantly and invitingly.
Steve frowns down at him though, which only makes it more confusing. "Last booking is the first weekend of October, so we'd be looking at-"
Thor looks confused at this, but his shoulders to relax a fraction, and Steve mentally makes a note as to where Thor's alliance lies between himself and Tony, might be handy to know. You know, in case things ever did get -
"Long story short, we had a nasty break up." Tony shrugged. "And in the middle of it my parents died, so I took it a bit more personally than any other person would have which you know- " Tony motioned to himself and then pointed a thumb over his shoulder "Lead me to running out the door the second I saw his face. Bad memories and all of that."
The reporter stuttered, and it gave Sam a chance to grab the microphone right out of her hand. "Thirdly, let the man kiss who he wants he's a hundred years old, damn guys!"
His legs kept moving, pulling him from one side of the room to the other. Nothing was going to be accomplished this way, but what else was he to do. Today was his wedding day and he wasn't sure if he was going to make it to the ceremony let alone out of the room he had currently barricaded himself in.
Clint ignored it all and just shrugged again. "Like you are the layer of rich that donates cars to orphans or something." He moved his fork around in the air as he spoke. "So, what are orphans going to do with cars? No idea, but you had the money to do it, so you just did. That kind of rich."
Steve noticed, of course Steve noticed, Tony could feel his blue eyes burning into him. "It certainly felt like it." Steve said pushing out of his chair, and grabbing the photo album out of Natasha's lap. "Is Clint alive?"
Tony shrugged "I am an exception, this is my house." He tossed the remote to Clint, who caught it with one hand. "Start the movie Legolas I'll grab the popcorn."
"Hey there stranger." Tony tried to play it off cool and casual, which only gained him another laugh from Natasha.
"Okay, that's fair." Tony pushed away from the table, waiting for her at the door of the boardroom before continuing, glancing down at some of the missed texts he had received. "It's just, Steve's here today, and I am a ball of anxiety."
Tony felt like ass. No, that was an insult to ass. Tony felt like week old garbage left outside in the middle of a New York blizzard, only to be defrosted and nibbled on by the rats. Tony felt like he was going to die. He tried to crack open an eye, only to instantly regret the decision, as shooting pain came like waves through his skull.
But he can't and Steve is politely motioning for him to continue, putting on his brave Captain face, acting as if he has no idea what Tony could possibly want to talk about. Tony hates himself for this, but he can't do it anymore. He has to tell Steve exactly how he feels. Only he can't find the words, he rehearsed this, he had it all written out in his head, he prepared, but when the steel blue eyes bore into him all he could come up with was.
"Don't be such a spoil sport." Natasha said with a fond sigh, stepping around Tony, but not before stopping and placing a kiss to his cheek. "Thanks for last night, but if you ever tell anyone about it I will pluck your eyelashes out one at a time."
"Too much I think." Tony hummed before he was pushing himself away from his desk, and checking his wrist watch. "Come on Romanov, it's way too late why are you still here anyways?"
"Yeah." Steve says with a nod. "If one more of you make a derogatory comment on any more photos of Natasha I will personally-"
Tony needs some time to process his feelings, and Steve learns how to work a telephone, just in time for Natasha to be in crisis.
"That's the problem." Steve says, forcing himself not to sigh yet again. "I just don't think it's anyone's business what my personal life is like."
"Which is apparently every round." Natasha inspected her cards before tossing her chips in. "Raise."
"Now I know why you quit drinking." Tony replies, because lack of hangover burritos would definitely make him stop drinking. "Are you drawing me?"
"I see someone's been having a lot of fun with Instagram." Tony steps into the kitchen, loosening the tie around his neck, shooting a smirk at Steve.
Pepper's jaw tightens at the memory and she shakes her head. "It also won't be the last time Steve, just, maybe be a little more careful with what you post, please."
It was a week, one very long uncomfortable week, Tony stood in his penthouse, inspecting the labels of the bottles lining his shelf, he didn't drink much anymore but perhaps tonight was as special occasion. He could have spent hours standing there debating the pros and cons of a drink, but thankfully he didn't have to when a soft knock at his door drew his attention.
Tony decides not to let this ruin the weekend, they could be adults about this. And then he has a bit too much to drink.
"Tony I know I don't really know you, which is ridiculous considering how much you keep popping back into my life but-" Bucky's hand is still outstretched while he talks. "-Thank you for whatever you said to Nat. Look I'm not an idiot I know she's a ten while I am much lower, but whatever you said to her, she said it really calmed her down."
"It was a lot of.." Tony held the phone with his shoulder as he waved his arms in the air in front of himself. "Innuendos, I think, or - No, I'm not having this conversation with you. How do I fix this?"
Steve looked down at the photo he was debating. It wasn't that bad, really, well, maybe it was. It wasn't planned though, he had been on his morning run with Sam and they had stumbled upon the Rainbow Pride flag. It wasn't up yesterday morning, Steve found out it had been raised at the restaurant for a pride celebration that evening.
"How could you guess." Steve manged to deadpan, making his way to the workbench Tony sat behind, suddenly wishing he had through the whole thing though, even just enough to have remembered a pair of shoes.
"Well yeah that's because you're past rich." Clint reasoned, around a mouth full of food. "Like there’s snooty white rich people, those are the ones that eat cauliflower pasta, and then a few layers of rich up there's people like you." Clint shrugged like it was that obvious.
"The stuff bad guys come up with." Clint said with a shake of his head, taking a running start and jumping from one roof to another across a small alleyway.
"Wow, okay. Flavor town is very important and we need someone who knows what good food is in charge, and not some guy that thinks beans on hot dogs makes them gourmet." Tony protested, this was one of the many reasons they were better off as friends. "But besides that topic having ended ten minutes ago, I asked you if I should just cancel all your meetings and make you come to Vermont with me."
Carefully, Tony pointed out the different remotes and what they were for, making a point to clarify which one was for the TV, meaning the only one that really mattered. He found himself describing how inputs worked, and how if Clint was up here, playing Mario Kart again, he probably forgot to switch the input over to cable so- it took a few tries, but once Steve got into pressing the right buttons, and watching for the right lights to light up the Television came to life.
"Pepper is going to murder you." Tony laughed again, and Steve swore he could hear the woman in question ask what was so hilarious.
When he got to the door he almost didn't want to open it, so he peeked through the small hole, only to be met with bright red. "Natasha?" He asked pulling open the door. "What's wrong?"
"That's fair." Natasha agreed. "I hear weddings are the place to meet someone new anyways, so who knows what you'll come home with from Vermont."
For the most part everyone eats in silence, eventually Clint even comes up for air to grab some more bacon and a slice of toast. Tony can't help but think how domestic it all is as he eats his breakfast, sandwiched at the kitchen island between Sharon and Natasha. There's a few quiet comments about the excitement for tomorrow, for the big day. Natasha mentions how the girls, including Clint, have to start getting ready at 9 am tomorrow, so they shouldn't be having any late nights.
Because Natasha was a safe topic, and because it gave him a distraction. Sharon was fine, but she was no Steve.
"You're pacing." Natasha's words were sharp, though she looked harmless leaning over a mirror and applying red lipstick to her lips. Rubbing them together with a smack before raising a perfectly sculptured eyebrow at Tony. "Stop pacing."
"That's enough Instagram for one night." Tony says with a laugh, plucking Steve's phone out of his hand, and stuffing it behind himself on the couch.
Tony laughed at the thought as he peered around the entrance to the barn. Steve huffed as he tossed a hay bail to the corner of the open space, not noticing Tony yet. So this is where he had disappeared to, Tony thought to himself as he stepped through the open doors. There were tables set up around the room, and chairs stacked in the corner, the same string lights from the patio lit the large structure, though there must have been hundreds lining the wood rafters. Tony twisted around as he tilted back to look up at them.
"We are all human." Steve replies before catching himself and adding "Or at least most of us, Thor definitely is an alien, at least as far as Earth's concerned."
"Yes." Tony moved around the couch, and looked down at the array of removed that Steve had lined up on the coffee table. Various sizes and shapes, and a great hint at what it was that causing all the frustration. "Most electronics are female, you can tell because you need to be gentle with them, give them love and support-" He looked up from the remotes to the black TV, piecing the situation together. " - And if you fuck up once they'll never let you hear the end of it."
"Remember that when she murders you." Tony says, though he drags his eyes to look at Steve, unable to help the smile on his lips. "Next time a little warning would be nice too, just so I could at least fix my hair."
Tony looked wide eyed and a little manic, but his confusion settled once he realized it was Steve who had cut his music. He offered a tight smile before turning his attention back to the hunk of gauntlet pinned between his legs.
Tony glanced at the digital clock on the bed side table, it was barely going on to midnight. The night before had obviously taken it's toll on them, pathetic, Tony thought to himself, as if he hadn't been fast asleep five minutes ago as well.
"You both have no shame." Sharon states with a roll of her eyes, but leaves the conversation at that because Natasha is coming their way.
Honestly, though, Steve is too tired to be worried. They just finished battling armed drones, one still sparking beneath his feet, the dust barely settled over his cheeks when Thor approached him. So all he could do was take a deep breath and face the God head on.
"I am." Tony replies with a smile. "I'll fill you in when you get back, consider it an incentive for you to return, now if you'll excuse me I have to get back to a hotel and pack before I miss my flight and Pepper murders me."
Tony could feel the pain radiate through his spine and his stomach turn, uneasy, guilty and sad. He could feel the sadness take over his face and the words replay over and over again in his head. "You're not lost." He whispered, words getting lost in soft blonde hair, his arms pulling the other into himself as best he could.
Natasha closed the door, leaning against it and crossing her arms against her chest, she was clearly not going anywhere, and the look on her face could have killed Tony a hundred times over.
For years Tony lived on assumptions, and now he had answers.  Why it didn't cross his mind that Howard was somehow involved shocked him.  He really should have seen the signs, one of the last terrible things he did before he died. They were practically children, and they were both stupid.
"That's the problem." Steve said, a glint to his eye that told the team he had something else in mind. "My next post I'll just have to remind them all that I'm also Steve Rogers."
It barely rang twice before Tony's very breathy voice was answering. "Hey there stranger -" He all but purred into the receiver. "What are you wearing?"
It's moments like this, locked away in the penthouse, where privacy surrounds them that Steve feels like himself. There's no hesitation of who will catch them kissing, there's no walls left up. It's just the two of them, together, and God do they work well together. Steve isn't going to pass up an offer like that, so he blinks himself awake, and takes a moment to appreciate how soft Tony looks in the mornings.
Tony barked out another laugh, stepping towards the elevator with Steve's help. His head was fuzzy and light and he felt like he could go dancing as well as go straight to bed at the same time. "You're so nice to me Stevie."
And now Tony really did think he was living in the twilight zone - or maybe was dreaming. Carefully he lifted himself into a seated position, blinking back the headache that immediately hit him, before grabbing the water and the Advil. "Now all I need is-"
She continued moving around the kitchen, grabbing her protein powder from a cupboard before the almond milk from the fridge as she spoke. "Trust me Steve you get two attractive people of the opposite sex in one photo and suddenly the entire world thinks you're fucking, and it's so much worse for women, I can't even post a picture of myself without a thousand people asking me to sit on their faces."
"There's no better way to celebrate a successful battle." Thor says almost with glee as he steps away. "It's a tradition on many planets in the realms to do so."
Steve let out a soft chuckle, ignoring how warm he suddenly felt, watching Tony do, whatever it was he was doing to his phone. "Yeah but Steve has a lot of problems and a lot of baggage."
Steve eyed Tony for a blip before finally giving in and letting the anger leave him with a sigh. "Fine, but you need to stop that."
"Yeah, that's a security no-no." Tony nodded to himself, spinning the laptop to face himself and prying open the top. His lips pursed at the cracked screen, before he glanced back up at Steve. "A little pent up aggression?"
"And if he was getting you something, so was I." Bucky said with a grin, setting the boxes down at the table. "Open mine first."
Tony sighed, looking down at the grease that had just exploded over his jeans, the engine block just wasn't cooperating, and sure sure, laugh it up Rogers- don't make me come over there.
"SMASH-" Hulk roared and he burst past Captain America, launching himself at the giant drone hovering above the city streets.
"I thought I was a goner." Tony looked up at Steve, wearing a very serous worried look, and Steve didn't doubt that he actually felt that way. "Steve, I think I need to go to bed now." Tony reached down next and fumbled with his belt buckle, getting it and the top button of his jeans undone just enough yo shove them off his hips.
"Welcome to Instagram, hot stuff."  Tony is smirking as he types something more into the screen, before handing back over Steve's phone.
"I'm going to puke." Tony said to no one, but that didn't stop J.A.R.V.I.S. from suggesting he leave the shower to do so. This could not be happening, sure he had thought those things but he never in a million years wanted them to become out loud words in real life. Words he couldn't take back. Words that Steve heard, sober and alert. This was not good, he did not want to ruin his relationship with Steve, a friendship he had to work extra hard in creating in the first place. What if Steve was offended, or insulted, or disgusted. Or worse, actually disappointed in Tony. He wasn't sure he could live with himself.
"Oh Fuck off!" Clint's voice tore through the room, making Steve and Tony jump back and glare at the archer in the door way. "Now I owe Natasha AND Sam money, Fuck you both." Clint threw his arms up in the air before pointing an accusatory finger in Tony's direction. "And fuck you in particular, what the hell man, You hit on everyone but me,I'm definitely more attractive than Sam, What gives."
The wedding ceremony itself is beautiful, and of course it is. Tony would expect no less, not from Natasha. When the music started and everyone stood, he made a point to look at the front, Bucky's breath was taken away the second he laid eyes on Natasha, and Tony could see why when she glided past him.
"What, in this old thing?" Tony waved his free hand over himself, still not great at accepting compliments, and now with Steve being closer he got a sense for how well the other mans suit had been altered to fit him. The way the jacket hugged his broad shoulders, and the pants fit his thighs, Tony once again found himself checking Steve out.  He was so fucked.
Tony's eyebrow quirked as he tucked the dirty rag into the back pocket of his black jeans. "Is that what you're doing? Tolerating my friendship?"
"This better be an emergency." Pepper's voice was low, and laced in sleep, and Tony almost felt bad.
Tony made his way to the hotel restaurant, seating himself at a table by a window, and immediately ordering coffee before pulling out his phone. He flicked through the few updates that Bruce had sent over the night, and one from Pepper who's subject line read
"Or." Tony suggested. "I could just pretend he doesn't exist, survive the next three days and come home some what mentally stable."
