Eurus smiles at him, and it’s such an honest expression that for a second John forgets who she really is.
"You always get funny when you come home and there are dead things in the kitchen," Sherlock muttered sleepily.
imagine Sherlock with a man either, if he’s being honest with himself. But then again, he’s never seen Sherlock kiss a man so who knows what that would look like.
Depending on the potency, Sherlock should be fine. Seems a lot better now than when he was at the club. John, too, isn’t completely sure why Sherlock collapsed, but all drugs (especially a cocktail) can cause a number of odd reactions in the body.
Sherlock reads something in his face and slumps a little, leaning forward to rest his forehead against John’s.
The boy nodded immediately, moving to stand as Sherlock fluidly rose and held out his hands. One for the child to take and one for John to grip as his leg protested as he tried to rise. John didn’t know whether to feel relief or concern over the child’s unhesitant trust, but then again he was very young and was just grateful Sherlock had spotted him before an unsavoury sort did.
Sherlock stirs again, murmuring something incomprehensible. John wraps his free arm around thin shoulders, feels Sherlock shiver.
something is wrong. It’s plain as day, his gut churns with nausea every time Alfie is around, every time those dark eyes flick in Sherlock’s direction. The thought of Mycroft turning a blind eye, Mycroft who is fiercely protective and incessantly intrusive, just doesn’t make sense.
“I dunno, you seem pretty easy to get along with.” It’s a true enough statement, this Sherlock is decidedly less rude and abrasive than the one John met years ago.
"It's all about getting through the bone, John." Sherlock explains, prodding the dead pig with a finger as Teddy places the knife gently back on the table.
The man nods solemnly, looking close to tears. Uncomfortable, John reaches up and awkwardly pats the back of one large hand in a comforting manner.
John feels an odd mixture of amusement and guilt. The latter wins and he sighs. “I’m sorry I haven’t been round-”
This proves difficult, in the end, as Sherlock doesn’t emerge from his room all morning. John paces around the flat nervously, making tea, absently watching the news, opening his laptop and closing it again before he can turn it on. Multiple times, John has the urge to read the list but with Sherlock’s words from last night, he feels like it would be wrong somehow. His eyes keep flicking to Sherlock’s door, but he doesn’t allow himself to go anywhere near it. Images of him shoving himself into the room keep ploughing through his mind and John knows it would be unwise of him to try and enter the space again. Sherlock’s room has always been the man’s safe haven, a place where he can escape the real world and be at ease. And John had ruined that last night.
John shakes his head in dismay, unsurprised, and moves away from the gruesome sight on the windowsill. He takes a seat on the bed next to Sherlock’s hip, reaching over for the lighter on the pillow to give his hands something to do. He flicks it open and closed a couple of times before noticing an inscription on one side reading,
John darts a look at him, then back at Sherlock, then notices another figure, much bigger even though further away, also sprinting towards them behind the boy.
“That’s smart of you,” Mrs Holmes comments mildly. “It’s healthy to divide your interests so as not to become too overwhelmed or frustrated with singular material.”
"I don't know. The council relocated them I assume. The son got community service." Suddenly Sherlock throws the wine glass to the ground, watching it smash in satisfaction.
Blood rushing in his ears, John inches his fingers higher up Sherlock’s thigh before sliding ever so slowly inwards to run across the seam of his jeans.
Slender hands fall to fumble at John’s belt, unfastening it with impressive speediness, and John sucks in a short breath. His button and zipper are open a second later and a warm palm slides into his trousers and-
Sherlock’s mother had arrived home not long after Sherlock had showed John where he would be sleeping tonight. The house, if you can even call it that, seems to have endless floors. Sherlock had given him a brief tour, the ground floor consisting of the spacious living room, a long dining room with a huge formal table, a drawing room with a door leading to a sparse area that looked like it was once used as a small ballroom. The house is ancient, passed down the Holmes line for a great many years. John is rather interested in the history of it, but when he had asked Sherlock about it, the tall man had replied he couldn’t remember in a tone of such disinterest that John suspects he had deleted the information a long time ago.
John half expects Sherlock to emerge from his room once he hears the front door close, as he is accustomed to do when visitors he has spent the day avoiding finally leave. The door stays firmly shut, however, and John hovers outside it for a moment. He knows he should apologise, but something makes him turn away.
Steady fingers toy at the hem of John’s boxers, and the man sucks in a breath of anticipation when they dip fractionally under the waistband.
Sherlock doesn’t meet his gaze, stands still for a second before turning and calmly leaving the room.
“Thank you for breakfast, Mrs Holmes,” John waves over to her. She smiles in reply and nods that its no trouble.
“Do people have enemies?” John asks, can’t stop his lip twitching at the familiarity of this conversation.
“John! Why are-wait,” Victor looks between John and Sherlock, then the door. He raises an eyebrow and a slow smirk tilts his lips.
Sherlock keeps staring at him. John rolls his eyes, pushing him towards the kitchen door. “Just do it, please.”
John watches on, brows furrowed deeply, as the old woman swats both boys over the head with the back of her hand.
Toby had introduced the girl as his girlfriend, and she had swatted his arm lightly and introduced herself as
John sheds his coat and throws it in the direction of the coat stand once inside and makes a beeline for his laptop which (isn't where he left it) is on the kitchen table. He roughly opens it and punches on the power button, scowling.
They stare at each other for a long moment, both breathing shallowly as they rest on opposite sides of the room.
“About time!” Comes a cry from the lone figure of a young man sat at a table, mug of tea in one hand and a book in another. “Was about to send out the search parties!” The boy stands, smiling attractively as they approach. He kisses Evie on the cheek and pats Toby on the shoulder.
A second passes and suddenly they both surge forward. Their lips crash together painfully, hands clenching and unclenching into clothes. John grabs Sherlock by the front of his shirt and spins him around, slamming him into the wall next to the door.
“Did he hit his head?” John throws at the brunette girl, the blonde man standing next to her and looking down at Sherlock with wide eyes.
Sherlock paces into the middle of his room, shaking out his limbs and chewing frenziedly at the minty gum Evie had found in the bottom of her bag.
This room in particular had reminded John strongly of the Holmes’ cottage. The entire space seemed happily lived in, the smell of cooking strong in the air and a fairly large but intimate table was situated in the middle of the room.
have meant something. Sherlock doesn’t do anything without solid reasoning, without a deep desire. And yes, sometimes those desires are fleeting impulses that dissolve a moment or two later, but they still count. Don’t they?
Victor stares up at her as if she’s demented then stuffs a forkful of cake into his mouth to stop himself blurting out anything else, probably that exact thought. John sniggers.
Sherlock, anyway. Wonders what his take will be on this mad dream. Or hallucination. Whatever. Dreads the thought of the inevitable conversations they’re going to have to battle through come the morning.
John has heard of Uncle Rudy only a handful of times, mainly during conversations (arguments) between Sherlock and Mycroft. From what he could gather; both brothers were close to the man, he was a cross-dresser, and he was the one who ultimately decided to send Eurus away to Sherrinford after burning down the family home.
Sherlock huffs a small laugh makes for the door, opening it a crack. Rudy’s face appears in the small gap, pressing unnecessarily close into the wood on either side and causing the skin of his face to stretch wide.
“My poor ego,” John pouts, tilting his head down. His breath hitches when Sherlock’s eyes flick down to his lips.
"I suppose not. But maybe it would be good to..." He trails off, grimacing slightly, "...talk about it?"
When Mycroft tried to come into his room, Sherlock had thrown a book at his big fat head and screamed at him to ‘
Once John gets to his room, he’s suddenly rather relieved Sherlock kicked him out of his room as the day’s events catch up with him. Talking with Sherlock had distracted him marginally from the situation he’s found himself in, the utter insanity of it.
John didn't really understand why Sherlock simply couldn't go out and buy his own damn experiment supplies but the detective had been particularly needy that morning, constantly asking where John was going every time he got up to go to the loo or in the kitchen. While a bit overwhelming, John secretly likes it when Sherlock gets into one of his 'separation anxiety' moods. It's kind of like having a giant, lanky puppy following him about. While it should be utterly annoying, and is if John is trying to have a productive day of any sort, but on a lazy Sunday like this John didn't mind in the least. It's during these moments that John gratefully realises Sherlock needs him around as much as John needs the detective. It gave him a warm feeling in his chest and he couldn't help but look over at Sherlock, feeling his eyes crinkle in affection.
Sherlock sucks his bottom lip into his mouth, hesitates for one second before darting a quick look over his shoulder. He visibly relaxes, letting out a little breath and not meeting John’s eyes.
After the horrific act, and the girl is send away, through his grief and terror and hurt, the brother grows to forget her and his friend. An act of subconscious self-preservation. Fascinating really, what the mind is capable of.
“You two do seem to manage to distract each other a fair bit.” John agrees in a mumble, crossing his arms. He knows he’s being childish. He doesn’t care.
“How’s your head, John? Any memories come back, yet?” Victor asks, turning in his seat to address him.
“Shut up.” John rolls his eyes, leaning forward to capture those smirking lips with his own as he lines up their cocks, wrapping a loose fist around them both. He gives a slow thrust forward and they both groan at the sensation of skin sliding against skin, John’s eyes fluttering.
It’s now Sherlock’s turn to crack up, pointing at John’s face and nose crinkling as deep laughs bubble up from his chest.
about what was happening between them. But this is John and Sherlock. The epitome of poor communication and English aloofness.
“You’re going to get us all killed one of these days, Sherlock!” Victor hisses across the table as John takes a sip of tea.
“I don’t need to go to a hospital, I need to find a phone!” John barks, begins to stomp away to where he can see the entrance of the park.
Years later, Sherlock takes a moment to reflect on these moments, John curled up asleep on his chest in their bed, moonlight cascading across the room from the window and hitting John’s naked body in all the right places and making him look otherworldly.
, is so good with Rosie. A natural. Wouldn’t have thought it. Parenting suits him. But then again, Sherlock does have that annoying habit of being good at everything. And Rosie, she adores him. Pulls at his curls and giggles when he pulls a face and pretends it hurts. And that hurts John too, fills him with dread because if his daughter loves Sherlock even half as much as he does, then one day she might also feel this awful, hideous pain John has been living with since the man jumped from that hospital roof.
“Good yeah, didn’t take too long. The bastards have a trial in three weeks, I have to come back to prosecute but that’s fine.” Teddy is flicking through his phone as he speaks, a habit that reminds John of his hiding friend, but keeps glancing up and John in concern.
, John!” Sherlock cries with a smile, grabbing onto wrists only to have them tugged out of his grasp a second later. John pinches at his skin with determination, and Sherlock shoves at his arms. “Get off, man!”
Again; any concerns or questions you may have, I have a link in my bio for my tumblr where I am more than happy to answer any query or elaborate on any tag (without giving too much away) so as not to spoil anything in the comments <3
Sherlock’s teeth bite into his bottom lip in an attempt to muffle the low noise trying to rip from his throat, and if they were anywhere else John would have forced his lips apart to hear it.
“He said he can’t give you a refund. Have a nice day.” Sherlock drawled, his eyes narrowing on the man still sat stunned on the floor.
Sherlock had explained all this to him, and then the boy had started crying. Confused, Sherlock had asked him why he was so upset, and the boy
The question goes unanswered as Sherlock raps smartly on the worn wood. After a moment, the door creaks open an inch and a beady, watery eye appears in the crack.
don’t understand!” Teddy snaps viciously. He sends a quick glance towards the kitchen door before continuing quietly, “Sherlock cares about you a lot. I know I haven’t known him very long but it’s clear as day.”
“Thanks again for everything, it was really great seeing you again mate. And I’ll see you in three weeks!” He grins brightly, a contrast to his serious face a moment before.
“Not like you to give up a case so easily.” John remarked. Sherlock shrugged again, “It’s solved.” John smiled at his friend fondly, then gave into an impulse and reached down and ruffled his curls. Sherlock’s eyes snapped open.
"Is this what this is all about?" John asks, irritated, "You don't like to be reminded that you're human?"
A particularly load wail hits his ears and he relaxes marginally. Definitely a woman. Sherlock must be with a client.
Sherlock stands abruptly and stretches, arms raised above his head. “Better get ready for work then,” he says amicably. “Come along, John. I’ll see if I can locate you a coat to borrow.”
Shifting around, Sherlock turns and rearranges his long limbs so he’s sat cross-legged facing John on the duvet.
Sherlock Holmes hasn’t had many experiences of love, but in his opinion he’s had enough to be getting on with. And he knows without a doubt, he will experience it endlessly until the day he dies.
The next morning, John wakes up late having slept like the dead. He stretches with a pleased moan. Then freezes. Memories of the night before come flooding into his mind and his heart starts beating frantically. The argument, hitting Sherlock. Kissing Sherlock. Oh god.
John shuts his eyes tight and clenches his jaw. The pain in his chest is horrific. It burns down in his stomach, radiates up into his throat. The loss of his wife. The burden of playing both father and mother to his child. The utter agony of Sherlock.
John thrusts harder, pumping his fist to meet every roll of his hips as he stares into those odd eyes, fingers digging into Sherlock’s neck brutally.
Running through overgrown fields, wind and grass in his hair, falling over only to jump immediately back up and continue on. The pain of grazed knees not registering in his mind, not until he had to go home alone.
Thank you everyone who commented and liked, the support has made me so unbelievably happy. I love you all.
John turns his head, yawning, looks down into the soft dark curls on his chest. His mind is still clouded with sleep, and it’s so quiet he could fall back into unconsciousness at any moment.
“Because I was there and I saw the person hopping over the fence with my Baldwin. My eyesight isn’t what it was, but I could see clearly enough that it was someone much smaller than Sherlock’s lanky frame.” She takes a sip of tea.
A second later, Sherlock’s door is roughly pulled open again and John snaps his head up. Sherlock doesn’t even look his way as he stomps determinedly into the kitchen, grabs a frozen and staring Teddy by the wrist and drags him back into his room, door slamming once again.
The woman drops into the chair at the head of the table and surveys the boys steadily, one after the other.
Debating whether or not to simply give up and go downstairs to watch telly, John fumbles for his phone on his bedside table. The bright backlight makes him wince as he hastily dims it. Nothing. No new messages, no new emails. Although it would be silly to assume there would be anything considering it was about half two in the morning. Sighing, John slips out of bed and tiptoes down the stairs, not wanting to wake Sherlock who really doesn’t sleep enough as it is.
“Stop telling me to calm down!” John screeched, stumbling away from his housemates arms and trying to ignore how his shivering had evolved into full-on trembling. “You’re trying to kill me, the cat is about to fall down and I am sick of all this
Teddy grins over his pint at John, eye’s sparkling. John looks up from his phone screen, mid-way through tapping out a text stating the name of the pub they are currently sitting in.
John wasn't sure how Sherlock could be so confident of that when the child had his face buried into his drawn-up knees, and he rather suspected the detective didn’t know
John rolls his eyes and makes his way to the door, “I have a date tomorrow, please don’t blow up the place.”
“I brought you some pajamas,” he begins, not meeting John’s eyes. “They’re Mycroft's. He’s taller than you but broader than me so..” Sherlock shrugs, holding out the bundle in front of him.
John catches his arms and holds him at arm's length. Raises his eyebrows expectedly. He knows Sherlock is coherent enough now to understand what’s being said to him. True to that deduction, Sherlock rolls his eyes in exasperation and bends forward, flopping his forehead down onto John’s chest.
John stares up at his mad, vicious, lovely, friend and the sudden urge to kiss him punches into his gut out of nowhere.
This is the end of this story, kind of-I will do an epilogue- and it's been a slow-going blast. I've adored writing this, especially as it's my first proper fic that I've actually seen to the end.
Sherlock’s sentence is cut off, for as he speaks his fingers knead into the muscles of the neck under his fingertips, causing a sharp pang to shoot through John, and then the older man can’t stop himself from leaning down the rest of the way and capturing those smirking lips with his own.
John flies his hand faster, can feel the tell-tell tingle in his balls, and then Sherlock is coming. He pulls his head away from John’s and it falls backwards, nearly colliding with the mirror behind him.
“Sherlock back yet?” Victor asks a few minutes later, ambling up to John with a paper package in his hand.
Knowing he can’t stay and mope in bed all day, John climbs out of the sheets and hurriedly gets dressed. He needs to talk to Sherlock. Needs to make sure he’s okay.
The door creaks shut and the house is cloaked in darkness. The inside looks no better than the outside, walls damp and bleeding graffiti. The floorboards are chipped and flaring, reaching upwards to trip unsuspecting feet. A, John assumes once rather grand, staircase is situated in the middle of the room and Sherlock heads for it without hesitation.
Sherlock smirks, walking over to his mother and dumping John’s dirty pile into her arms without a word.
Then, Mrs Holmes is snapping her eyes away as Alfie moves to pass her, heading towards the door where Sherlock just escaped. With surprising quickness, she grips onto his arm, stilling him, and tugs the man closer into the conversation. John can’t hear what she’s saying, and her face seems pleasant enough, except he can see that her eyes are hard, as are the corners of her smile, and for the first time John wonders with a pang, just how ignorant she really lets on.
"She broke up with me." John deadpans, eyes sweeping the contents before grabbing the last bottle of beer.
giving me a strange look. I’m going to assume whatever Alex slipped me was a cocktail of many different substances, not certain why I lost consciousness though, possible over-exuberance and dehydration?” Sherlock blurts all this in a mad rush of stumbling words, pacing a circle into his carpet with his eyes darting rapidly around his room. He brings up his hands for a moment, palms together as if in prayer and rubs his fingers against his mouth in a painfully familiar gesture. After a second of concentrated rubbing, he unclasps his palms and stops dead near his bed and simply stands there caressing his lips with feather-light strokes.
“Let go,” Sherlock had snapped, irritated, and tried to wrench his hand away. The man held on with disconcerting strength, tightening his grip painfully.
“Yeah. I mean…I guess. I don’t know?” John sighs and rubs his face in his hands before glancing at the door. He turns back to his friend and lowers his voice. “Something happened.”
He cuts himself off as Sherlock takes another step forwards, his shins brushing against John’s knees. John’s breath hitches slightly and he moves the laptop onto the cushion next to him automatically. Sherlock steps immediately forward again, giving the seated man no choice but to spread his thighs to allow the detective to settle between them.
“Can I use your phone?” He asks desperately, hand already reaching out towards the young man. Toby frowns at his hand slightly in confusion.
The two blondes had met at university and were close enough, both living in the same dorm, and had kept in touch in a relaxed email-every-few-months-or-so kind of way. Teddy was studying psychology at the time, but was now working in business if John remembered correctly. He was a kind man, happy-go-lucky and always up for a drink and a laugh. John hadn’t got along with all of his other housemates, someone was always falling out with someone else, but Teddy and he had always been a strong unit.
“Still…” Her hand shifts up slightly and she smiles prettily at him. “I really do appreciate it. You're a good man.”
Sherlock is laying on top of him, head nestled under John’s chin, his long arms wrapped around the strong torso, the small of his back pale where his shirt has risen up.
John pushes writhing bodies out of his way without a care, ignoring the splutters and curses in his wake. It doesn’t take long to find the others, a small ring parting the crowd in the middle of the dance floor, all looking down with worried expressions.
Sherlock nods numbly and follows John onto to cushions. They settle next to each other, not quite touching but close enough that they would brush if one of them shifted. John puts on some sort of mundane talk show, not paying much attention. Sherlock is sitting ramrod straight beside him, but after some time, he slowly relaxes.
Sherlock scans his face for a long moment, and John is sure he is reading the real fear he is trying so hard to disguise. Although, there’s nothing truly substantial to be concluded with that discovery, as it would seem rather odd if John was perfectly accepting of being woken in the middle of the night by a stranger watching over his unconscious form.
"Oh, hi John!" Sherlock spins round to greet him with a grin, next to him Teddy stands with a bloodied knife and a sheepish expression on his blood splattered face.
Mrs Jones gives him a long, considering look before asking, “Shouldn't you be working in the shop today?”
“Here, I brought you a tea.” Sherlock hands over a mug, sipping at his own. He shifts his bum backwards, turning to face John fully and crossing his legs, leaning back against the wooden footboard.
John stabs at the keys roughly as the file pops up on his screen. Trying to control his breathing, John skims through the document, trying to find something that he hadn't read in a while as those seem to have the highest success rates in calm him down after a fight with Sherlock. John assumes this is because he can trick himself into believing he has almost forgotten the memory and the small pang of pleasant surprise is a welcome relief to the blinding rage.
“‘Avn’t seen you ‘ere for a time,” the man purrs oily and is forced to open the door wider as Sherlock doesn’t wait to brush past him into the dark house.
After a long moment of hesitation, Sherlock looks up with determination. “I’m sorry for snapping earlier and kicking you out of my room,” he says in a rush, looking like it was physically painful to say the words.
Sherlock’s eyes are wide, his mouth panting hot breath over his face as his hands reach down to grab at John’s arse again, encouraging him to move faster.
After dinner, John only has a second to thank Sherlock’s parents for the meal before the younger man is dragging John out of the room and upstairs to his room.
“Want me to call an ambulance?” the man asks, frowning at Sherlock as John begins slowly pulling him upright.
"Nothing," John answers quickly. He winces at the too-fast response and tries again. "I thought I heard you moving around..."
John can’t stop the whisper from passing his lips, wishing for the first time that he was laying here with
John moves closer, eyes devouring Sherlock’s face, his chest, his softening cock and limp thighs as he pulls his fist over himself. Sherlock watches him, enraptured, and then slowly inches his t-shirt up over his flat stomach, exposing the tense muscles of his abdomen.
The last time he was out at a club had also been with Sherlock, an irony not unrecognised, but they had both felt their age with the unfamiliar pouding music accompanied by pounding headaches. When they had got home, and played that stupid name game, that had been when John had really started to enjoy himself. As much as he claimed the night was a disaster, and really, it had been, John had been rather touched by the gesture of the chosen locations and had been secretly glad Sherlock hadn’t invited anyone else.
Mrs Jones is muttering to herself on the other side of her large kitchen, jerkily slicing up a cake.
John starts at the word, spinning around to see Mycroft standing motionless by the closed door, hand on the knob with his back turned and tense.
It wasn’t hard, the small muscles of his arms not having developed enough to cause much damage, but the intent was clear and the other boy had
"John, this place is going to be smashed down tomorrow regardless, there's no point crying over its unwanted interior." Sherlock points out.
The kiss is a mash of teeth and tongue, sucking and biting. Their bodies tremble and shudder together, and Sherlock
Sherlock turns his head to face him, the close proximity nearly causing their noses to brush. John swallows. Sherlock's eyes follow the movement of his throat before answering. “Of course. Why would I lie?”
“Look at me,” John grunts lowly and Sherlock’s eyes snap open, pale irises only a thin ring around the black of his pupils.
They’ve never actually talked about what he had done while he was ‘dead’ since the day of his miraculous return. And John had been so angry at the time, he hadn’t really been listening. Never even really wanted to know. But with the peaceful air, the dark room and Sherlock’s face soft in the dim light, he suddenly realises he needs to.
“What are you boys up to today then?” Mrs Holmes asks, wiping her hands on a clean dish cloth before patting at her hair.
John has to accede that was probably a fair point and just shrugs in reply with a look of resignation that makes the man chuckle again. John glances around, notices the cups of tea left abandoned on the unit and two thoughts pop into his head. The first being;
John and Sherlock are stood in the kitchen of their flat, John making three cups of tea and Sherlock simply watching.
John was serving a growing queue of people, Sherlock was hiding out back somewhere probably on his phone, and a purple faced man in a suit was shouting.
Sherlock didn’t seem inclined to drink to excess either, having downed two drinks in the short time they had been there and then switching to favour water. John was on his fifth already, the others keeping up admirably. Mr Holmes had slipped John a handful of cash with a wink as they were leaving the house, and John had gone to protest before the man had simply walked away mid-sentence. Originally, John had planned on keeping the money safe in his pocket until tomorrow morning and then handing it back with a thank you, but once Victor had offered to buy him a drink John had been overcome with a pathetic need to pay everyone back for their generosity from the past few days and had offered to buy a round instead. After that, it had pretty much been a downward spiral of poor impulse control that John knew he would regret come the morning.
John spins around, spotting Sherlock leaning against his closed bedroom door. John absently gets a sense of déjà vu as he wonders if Sherlock has been standing there the entire time, listening to everything, but the thought is overshadowed by a wave of
John rolls his eyes with a smile, opens his mouth to retort. Suddenly, he hears the sound of distant yelling, and looks past Victors shoulder. Further up the street, a figure is sprinting towards them.
“No.” Sherlock spits the word out petulantly, clambering to his feet and storming towards the bathroom.
John clears his throat. “You do, you know. Amaze me,” he purposefully adopts a light and casual air and gives Sherlock a small teasing smile. “But you know that, I say it often enough.”
…Oh God. John forces himself to step back and sinks slowly back onto the sofa, eyes still on the closed door.
“Jesus, how are you doing that?” John asks in awe, it’s a pose he’s often seen dancers or gymnasts do, and although he knows Sherlock is fairly flexible; this is just ridiculous.
After a moment of silence, John pads towards him, turning to lean his back against the wooden railing so he can look up into Sherlock’s face. Close enough to touch but pointedly not.
Sherlock had shut his eyes tight, inhaling deeply. Then he had unlocked the door and opened it slowly. The man on the other side smiled winningly at him, and Sherlock’s chest had grown tight at the sight.
Suddenly, a loud screech fills the air coming from the house and they both blink a startled look at each other, conversation momentarily forgotten, before darting through the door into the kitchen.
John doesn’t know how long they lay together in the bath for, but he must have drifted off because he finds himself blinking his eyes open, neck stiff and shoulders cramped.
“I took ballet for eleven years,” Sherlock murmurs, eyes closed and keeping impeccable balance. He slowly lowers his leg, toes pointed, then does the same pose with his left.
The child didn't respond or even acknowledge the sound of John's voice. The doctor frowned, wondering if the child was asleep. "Hello?" He tried again, this time a little louder. He stopped about a foot away from the small boy, who up close looked no more than six or seven. Reluctant to touch him in case he startled the child, John crouched down in front of him. "Hey there little man, are you okay?" He asked again, keeping his voice pitched low and gentle.
John frowned a bit and glanced back at Sherlock. Sherlock was watching the child intently, face eerily blank. The man was obviously not inclined to give any helpful advice so John turned back towards the boy.
Victor ignores him, sitting up fully and reaching for the half-filled mug. He takes two sips before he registers the mess on the table and scowls suspiciously at Sherlock.
“Of course.” Sherlock sits up and looks John up and down again. John crosses his arms over his chest, scowling.
It is with this turmoil that John turned his attention back to the list. Hoping for, looking for, he isn’t sure what.
So he had slept in his old room, and it hadn’t felt like this, then. Because he had known, deep down, that he wouldn’t be staying.
"No, stay here." John murmured quietly, well aware that it wouldn't be a good idea if the child looked up and saw two large men approaching him while backed into a corner. "Hey," John called softly. "Are you alright?"
They stand together on the porch for a few long moments and Sherlock’s face doesn’t soften as John expected, in fact his face hasn’t changed at all since he came outside. Since the confrontation in his room. His hooded eyes flick over John’s face, expression closed, before darting past John’s shoulder for a quick second towards the house. Sherlock abruptly pulls out of John’s grasp and takes two steps to the side, turning around to face the garden once more. John lets him go, hands dropping to his sides.
which has in turn caused you to reach some sort of conclusion. I apologise for that, admittedly I do have a tendency to play up dramatics. Just ask Victor. Or my mother. Or anyone, really. But, truthfully, you are worrying about nothing.”
John spins around suddenly. "Shut up. You don't get to say anything. You don't care so just leave it."
Mycroft had, surprisingly, taken the main brunt of the blame when it came to deceiving his parents about the death of his sister all those years ago, but John had found that rather ridiculous in hindsight considering he would have only been about thirteen at the time. Sure, it can be presumed that Mycroft was as cold, calculating and clever as a young teenager as he is now, and John wouldn’t doubt that at all if he hadn’t gone through hours and
His bright eyes glance around the room and settle on John standing over by the sink, who gives him a sheepish wave.
John huffs out an breath that is half exasperation and half a laugh. “I’m not angry with you, Sherlock.”
“We were smoking last night,” Sherlock nods over to the mug on his bedside table where the ash from their spliff still sits inside. “That’ll be the smell.”
He heads for the ensuite and slowly gets ready for bed, smiling softly when a fresh plaster tumbles out of the towel when he shakes it open. He washes his face in the sink, peeling off the old plaster Evie had given him and cleaning the gash on his temple again before patting it dry and sticking the new one on.
John grabs his wrist, stopping him from opening the door. Sherlock's eyes snap up to his and narrow dangerously.
“I’m glad I woke you up.” John grumbles childishly. Sherlock smirks over his shoulder, “I wasn’t asleep.”
Thinking about Rosie makes John sigh and collapse onto the bed. He misses the little grizzly thing with her big blue eyes and feather soft hair. Kind of misses Sherlock, too.
The woman’s eyes drift over to Victor, gives him a deep penetrative look. “You should have more loyalty to your friends,” she states stoically. “It’s an unattractive trait.”
This is probably the closest thing to a compliment Mycroft has ever paid John and considering he’s known this Mycroft a good ten minutes at most, he suspects it was said more to cause alarm than approval.
“I get it!” John interrupts, shooting Sherlock a glare. Spies a glint of amusement in his pale eyes. John squints at him, suspicious.
John follows cautiously, glancing around in surprise. The house is surprisingly still full of furniture, a table and lamp in the hallway, sofas and a TV in the living room. Pictures have been taken down off the walls but a few remain of scenery and the odd cheap painting. There are glasses and plates on a dining table, as if someone was setting it for dinner but then left suddenly.
“Good night, then?” John asks, relenting and allowing Sherlock to reclaim the mug, who gives him a disgustingly smug look. “Yeah, but now who’s going to get the blame for the mess?” John murmurs quietly to him, pointing with one finger to the puddle on the table and then the cup grasped in pale hands. Sherlock gives him an exaggerated look of betrayal, then deposits the mug back down next to Victor’s hand.
Teddy shook off his concern, explaining how it was only superficial. John had gone and taken a proper look at it regardless.
The second time John punched someone for Sherlock, however, the stars had aligned and Sherlock was there to see it in all it’s aggressive glory.
John hesitates, not wanting to hurt Sherlock’s feeling while he’s in this vulnerable state. Sherlock, however, picks up on this instantly and says, “He was bad-mouthing me, I take it?”
With that thought in mind, John reaches for Sherlock’s face again and slides his mouth against those
“His name is Luke Ford, and he’s been missing for two weeks. And the man in the freezer was a car salesman by the name if Christopher Ford.”
“We don’t eat in there,” he had said, tugging John to the back of the house and down some steps leading into a large servants kitchen.
wrong, he would stay silent. John almost wishes he had snapped back something nasty in return, so that he would stop feeling so guilty. Sherlock had seemed genuinely surprised at John’s accusation, before his eyes had turned to ice.
He thinks about little Victor Trevor, his Redbeard, the memories long having come back to him after a horrendous night in an isolated prison. His first friend, murdered because Sherlock had made the mistake of loving him. Realises now it couldn’t have been helped, there’s nothing he could have done differently as be was only a child himself. He could never have saved him. He wonders what would have happened if he had lived to grow up with Sherlock, if he would have grown to love him too.
“I don’t know why you feel the need to scorn the man for living his best life and thus allowing happiness to shine through his heart, but if doing so makes you feel like
Why does John care anyway? Sherlock is a grown man, he can take care of himself. He can do whatever the hell he wants. It’s none of John’s business. They two curly haired men obviously like each other. Even if they’ve only known each other three days. Even if
Sherlock rolled his eyes, although his lips were twitching slightly. “You wanted to know my progress?” He asked, kicking the box away.
Suddenly the panic returns tenfold. Where the hell is Sherlock? Rosie? He glances around himself furiously as if to spot them laying on the grass a few feet away.
“John,” John replies absently, thinking furiously. How the hell did he get here? Has never be known to sleep-walk.
"Yeah. I gathered." John mutters. His heart rate is slowing and irritation is replacing the panic and rage. "Why...?"
“Don’t be silly, it’s no bother. I’m just glad you weren’t too hurt. How’s the head?” John asked, looking at the dried blood on his temple in concern.
They jump over three more walls, until they get to yet another empty garden, where Sherlock then stumbles to a stop, grabs John and Victor’s arms and hauls them over to a shed and pulls them inside.
He throws himself forward and charges at Sherlock, hands grabbing sharp hips, crushing their mouths together violently. Sherlock melts into his mouth immediately, his long fingers grasping at John’s waist and shoulders, desperately trying to tug him closer.
Sherlock’s lips twitch at his own words echoed back to him from months before. “I don’t want to fight with you either.” he recites softly.
John lets out a very high-pitched, really rather hysterical giggle, covering his eyes with one hand. “Impossible..”
“What?” John asks in confusion, glancing around again. The grass is a beautiful vivid colour, he can vaguely spot families strolling along a path many yards away.
Her eyes then flick over to Victor, who jerks in alarm and bites his lip. He glances at Sherlock, at John, before staring at her hand as it closes around the wood.
“Alright?” John asks as soon as he enters the room, passing Sherlock a mug where he is settling into his chair before offering another to Rachel.
“Wha-what is it?” Sherlock pants, hands tightening on John’s neck as if expecting him to try and pull away.
Well, no better time to emerge from the safety of his room than now. It's not as if he can barge into the living room and demand that they talk about what on earth happened last night while a hysterical client in sat right there.
“I grew bored of it. You need a certain degree of discipline that, unfortunately, I do not possess,” Sherlock sighs, his torso following is lowering his leg and resting his palms flat on the ground between his feet.
“Maybe he just left you and didn't say goodbye?” It's Sherlock who voices John’s thought and not for the first time John wonders if the man can actually read his mind. Sherlock is glancing up at Rachel now, face half hidden behind the cup as he takes a sip, eyes wide and innocent. John snorts.
Sherlock huffs a breathy laugh, tongue emerging to toy at his right incisor as he tilts his lips in a half-grin. The sight makes John’s breath hitch slightly and he suddenly feels very unstable.
John glances over Victor’s jerking shoulder towards the toilets where Sherlock had disappeared to a little while ago.
He reaches out blindly until his hand makes contact with a blanket down the side of the bed, drags it up over the body on top of him, wraps them into a warm cocoon.
In the end, Teddy just sighs, “It’s complicated, that’s for sure,” John gives him a pleading look and the taller man chuckles. “I can’t tell you what to do John, but I will say this. You’ll regret it if you don’t pursue this. And Sherlock wants you to.
Sherlock blinks lazily at him. “Ah, so I am. Suppose it would be rather redundant of me to go in today, now.”
his friend, but rather that Sherlock would stop preening under his gaze and smiling his ‘John’ smile at someone else.
Suddenly Sherlock stops, takes three quick steps towards John and wraps his arms around his shoulders in a fierce embrace.
John snaps his attention back to the man, taking a delicate sip of wine and nodding solemnly. “Couldn’t have put it better myself, Eleanore.”
John belatedly realises there is no point trying to deny the fact he was reading his list again. He is curious to know how familiar Sherlock is with it, however.
They sit like that for a moment or two, until Sherlock’s arms finally give out from under him and he collapses backwards, falling into the sink and bashing his head onto the mirror with a loud thunk.
Sherlock stares at him for a moment before taking in a deep breath and letting it out slowly. “I guess. While I was away. I realised how much I-cared about..” he glances around the room as if trying to find the right word in the shadows, “People. You.” He swallows and glances back at John before quickly lowering his eyes, “And I was selfish. I didn’t realise how much I had hurt you until I came back and-I don’t know. I just didn’t think you would…” he trails off again, looking pained.
They both gasp when their clothes erections brush teasingly, and Sherlock immediately arches up into the heat. John is blown away by his boldness, always suspected Sherlock to be shy in a sexual situation, although it goes against his character in everything else he does. Always imagined him to be flustered and uncoordinated, fluttering fingertips and hesitant touches, nervous and unsure.
And as he passes John’s chair, he does something John has never experienced before. He pats John on the shoulder.
“Oh god,” Sherlock mutters, pulling a face at the small figure of Mr Jones leaning out of his shop doorway with a furious expression.
“Saw wha’ happen-happened with your boyfriend,” Jules mumbles, giving John an exaggerated grimace of sympathy.
Dressed in his soft and borrowed pajamas, John pads quietly back down the hall, taps on the wood once to let Sherlock know he’s entering before opening the door. Sherlock has changed into a faded, too-big and baggy tshirt with ‘The Jam’ logo on the front. It reaches halfway down his bare thighs and the arms just past his elbows. John stares at him as he softly closes the door behind him, wondering where on earth he got it from.
Yes, it was small and chaste, could be explained away by being high and tired. But Sherlock’s soft face in the ocean lights, his small smile…
“I find this Merlot to be a particular blend of walnuts and caramel, wouldn't you agree Giles?” Rudy addresses John, who
“No,” John lies, but he’s hardly going to tell this stranger that he fell out of bed, hit his head, then somehow transported himself into a park in the middle of the night.
“No, it’s fine!” John interrupts, overly chipper and dropping his arm. He grins at them, feeling hollow and a little terrified and trying desperately not to show it. By their looks of dismay, he thinks he probably isn't succeeding in that front. “Honestly, I’m alright. Just a moment of confusion. Must of really been hit on the head hard. Yep, that’s it. Just a little dash of amnesia is all, it happens,” he shrugs a bit manically.
John groans, rubs at his eyes as images of cold ice-coloured irises enveloped in darkness fills his vision. “Something like that.”
“Remember anything?” Sherlock asks, eyeing him in the similar way he looks at particularly fascinating microscope slides.
Mrs Jones lowers her arm again, looking satisfied and places the pin back on the table before turning those fierce eyes onto Sherlock again.
John lets out a hiss of frustration, tries it twice more before hanging up in defeat. What the hell? Has Sherlock changed his number without telling him? Doubtful. Maybe Eurus has disconnected his contract or something. He searches his pockets again, finds a twenty pence coin and shoves that in the slot. This time, he enters their old mostly-unused landline number, grateful he had taken the time to memorise it in an odd act of paranoia. He lets out a breath of relief when it starts ringing. After four rings, it’s picked up and feminine voice answers, “Hello?”
That’s when he spots a shadow of a figure in the corner of his eye. John darts a startled look upwards and there; standing in the kitchen, watching them through the window, is Alfie. His face is a blank mask of expression, but John can see a muscle in his jaw fluttering repeatedly. Their eyes meet, John tenses, and then the man is turning away and disappears.
Sherlock makes him feel like a teenager again. Flustered, excited, aroused. He wonders if Sherlock from home has ever made him feel like that and nearly snorts out loud.
John stops short. Turns back slowly. He tilts his head, regarding the intoxicated boy with barely suppressed rage, can feel his lips twisting upwards in a smile. Takes a step forwards.
John enters the living room silently. The room is dark except for a glowing mass of dotted lights on the floor. Sherlock is sat crossed legged in the middle of the room and hunched over a pile of tangled fairy lights. They illuminate his face, pinched in concentration as he tries to untangle them, the tip of his tongue peeking out between his lips. John smiles at the sight, his usually harsh friend looking so childlike in the dim lighting as he tries in vain to untangle a large knot by holding up one end of the wire and shaking it vigorously.
He bursts through the door, the cool night air a welcome relief on his hot skin and burning lungs. John almost trips over his own feet in his haste to distance himself away from the pounding music before slamming his back against the brick wall. Eyes squeezed tightly shut, he takes a few deep breaths, kicks his heel into the brick behind him once, twice, before forcing himself to calm down.
Not for the first time, John can’t help but wonder at the massive effort this family goes through to be as melodramatic as possible.
Mycroft stops, casting John a questioning look over his shoulder. John reaches out and pulls the door closed once more, peeking into the window quickly to check no one has noticed. Mycroft takes a sharp step backwards, as if John’s close proximity is accompanied by a bad smell. John stops himself from rolling his eyes.
is a new occurrence. As if, only now, he is allowing himself to admit the feelings he had been suppressing for so long.
“How are you feeling?” John asks, trying to adopt a casual tone while his heart thumps unpleasantly.
Toby gives him a bit of a disapproving look, reaching out to take Evie’s hand. “Yeah I know, mate, but unless you’ve got a few hundred quid hidden somewhere to pay for a taxi, that’s not going to happen right now.”
No, not really. “Sher-” That’s all John can manage. Wants Sherlock to help him up. He really should be helping him up. He tries to open his eyes. A stab of blinding light, too bright, and John has a moment of absent panic that he’s actually gone and blinded himself. Did he really hit his head that hard? He tries again. Ah, no, not blind. Just outside.
John jumps in surprise and glares back at Sherlock who is standing in the doorway. How is the man always sneaking up on him? Sherlock doesn't need an answer and John isn't going to give him one. He slams his laptop shut and gets up, stomping to the fridge.
John smiles a bit. He clears his throat and looks away from the pale, piercing gaze. “How is it that everything always circles back to you?” He asks, voice purposefully light and teasing.
“The truth!” John didn’t really understand why he was now shouting, but he knew it must be important.
John unlocks the door and throws a small smile over his shoulder. “To change into my pajamas. You should do the same, they’ll feel good against your skin.”
The taller man’s eyes dart from the floor to John’s and he grimaces slightly. Either at the question or the daunting prospect of addressing what was happening between them. Sherlock tugs slightly at his wrists. It’s the lost expression on his face that makes John let go.
Smiling to himself, John pads quietly over to the door to one of the downstairs loos. He waits patiently outside for a few moments before the lock clicks and he grabs the handle and swings inside.
John looks back at Toby, pushing back the panic with practiced ease as his military resolve takes over. “No,” he replies shortly, patting at his jeans pockets for his phone. When did he put on jeans? Of course, the phone isnt there. “
John nods slightly in understanding. There’s an awkward silence where he doesn’t know what else to say. If he’s being perfectly honest with himself, he kind of wants Rachel to leave. The day’s adventure had been uncomfortable and unsettling for John, with awful reminders of who Sherlock used to be. He’s not angry anymore, but he still would rather like the day to be over. He feels a confusing mixture of satisfaction and guilt over what they had discovered. He wants to just sit and watch some crap telly with Sherlock and not have to think too hard about anything before heading to bed for an early night. He’s not going to do anything tomorrow, he decides. Nothing at all.
John’s bedroom hasn’t changed much since he last slept in it. Never had a lot of personal belongings and the room held strong from the blast a few days earlier. Downstairs is another story, the debris has all been cleaned away (John wouldn’t have let Rosie within ten feet of the building otherwise) but it’s cold from the boarded up spaces where the windows used to be and the living room is barren, anything salvageable having been taken away by Mycroft’s cronies to be cleaned. John hasn’t seen Sherlock’s room, but he assumes there’s at least a bed in it. Hopes so, at least, considering the sofa is gone.
Somewhere during the evening, Ms Bennet had decided to forgo making a large dinner and had laid out plates and bowls of nibbles and dips across the table. John was secretly relieved about that, as it allowed the atmosphere to continue with its easy informality and thus allowed him to continue to ignore everyone else in the room but his two companions without seeming rude.
John closes his eyes at the noise and groans. What the fuck is wrong with him? That was completely uncalled for. The anger is draining fast. John isn’t even sure where it had all come from in the first place. There is silence in the kitchen.
John catches his chest with one hand, the other now wrapped around his own aching cock, and pushes him gently backwards.
“They match now, at least. Look.” He spins fluidly and pads over to John, eyes still wide as if John wouldn’t be able to tell the difference without them being so.
“What are you doing?” John asks softly, stepping into the room. He feels like the space is in a state of delicate calmness, the darkness and the small lights creating an intimate atmosphere he doesn’t want to break. He sits down on the floor opposite Sherlock, mimicking his pose.
“You’ve encountered someone similar to me before, then?” Sherlock asks, frowning and looking a bit insulted.
Victor details his night out as they eat, claiming Jules was well behaved and only threw up once. He then vents for a while about public indecency, describing how inappropriate Toby and Evie’s
John recalled the case from the week before. It had been short, only lasting a couple of days, and he couldn't remember ever going to the victim/murderer's house. "So you took it?"
“Good, because it’s friday and we’re all going out tonight and you two are coming too. No buts, Sherlock!”
When Sherlock doesn’t reply, John continues, “You were so…” he shrugs in lieu of an insult, “Before. And when you came back you were,
“I have an idea,” Sherlock says back lowly, titling his hips inwards again so John can feel the tightness of his groin in all its glory.
“Sherlock,” John called quietly, “Sherlock.” He reached out a hand and shook his friend’s shoulder gently. Sherlock mumbled something before blinking glazed eyes open part-way.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, simply stares down at the older man with infuriating calmness. John starts to feel uncomfortable at the scrutiny and darts his eyes around the room.
“Oh, okay.” Sherlock nods indulgently. John bites the inside of his cheek to stop a completely inappropriate smirk from evolving when the pale eyes flick to his for a second.
They head outside, nodding their thanks to the man, and hover outside the shop window, leaning their backs on the glass.
“Oh, thanks,” John says in surprise, taking it, not even having given thought to anything so trivial as nightwear.
girlfriend. But rejection is painful, especially when said rejection has a sprinkling of replacement to a newer, younger, better-looking model.
“No idea,” Sherlock shifted to his other leg, causing his face to inch closer to Johns. “But let’s find out.” He gave a bit of a manic smile down at John, before suddenly leaning in. John’s heart froze along with his body and before he could register what was happening, Sherlock was sliding out of the cramped space, his body brushing forcefully against John’s, before making his way to the door.
“There’s no point,” Sherlock says airly. They both turn to look at him. “There is only one bus to London a day and it leaves at 7am. You’ve missed it.”
Sometimes, Sherlock would sit and watch the man swim in the pond from his bedroom window. The water cascading slow droplets down the strong arms and chest. Sherlock would rest his head on his hand, bottom lip between his teeth. Once, Enzo had suddenly looked up, and Sherlock, in a panic, had simply frozen. The man had blinked up at him for a long moment before raising an eyebrow, then turned away.
“Oh! That’s a thought! Maybe we could get you onto one of those?” Victor gives John a hopeful smile.
Rachel glares at Sherlock for a long moment, face slowly turning a deep red. She glances at John, who simply blinks at her, before turning back. “Fuck you.” She spits.
He’s never allowed himself to think of these moments as being anything other than Sherlock simply being utterly unaware of how normal people interact. He pushes these thought forcefully from his mind, reminds himself again that this younger Sherlock is different.
Toby looks confused, glances at the girl quickly who shrugs. “Because we just found someone lying bloody and unconscious under a tree, with no idea how they got there and we are normal human beings who are rightly concerned?”
Toby twists away to go, face stricken, and takes one step before he halts and looks down with wide eyes.
Teddy raises his eyebrows in surprise. “Really?” John nods. “Then why aren’t you dancing around in joy?”
“Really?” the boy perks up, looking at John from over his menu with renowned interest. “I’m Victor.”
It was the worst two weeks of Sherlock’s young life, he had cried and smashed up his room, throwing tantrum after tantrum that his parents infuriatingly ignored.
John watches him for a moment before sighing and kicking off his boots, placing them neatly together up against the wall next to the door.
"She definitely stole the money, just look at her hair! Are you ill?" Sherlock said rapidly, eyes finally coming to rest on Johns face. His eyebrows furrowed and he leaned in suddenly close.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, closing the door again and wanders back over to the bed, flopping down next to John, who sits up cautiously and rubs at his eyes.
“There’s Ms Bennett, our housekeeper. She cooks sometimes and helps keep the place clean, but she’s here mainly out of loyalty. Her mother had worked for my grandparents before they had died, but my mother doesn’t approve of servants and nannies. Believes parents should be as such, not trading the responsibility of their children off on someone else. She doesn’t work Tuesdays.”
Their hands grope frantically, tugging up shirts and grasping at flesh. They writhe against each other and John grabs Sherlock's hair, tugging his head back and exposing his long neck. He follows the movement with his head, biting down on the soft flesh and leaving hot wet marks on his skin. Sherlock pants above him, gripping John's waist hard before wrenching his head down and capturing his lips again. John bites at his lips instead, sliding a leg between the taller man's and he hears Sherlock gasp, his long hands sliding up John's back.
Sherlock. God. What a mess. John rubs his hands rigorously across his face, fingers digging into his eye sockets. Flashes of the lithe man crawling into John’s lap flickered in the darkness of his lids and the doctor feels a stir in his gut. He rubs his eyes harder to dissolve the image. It is then overtaken by the small, vulnerable expression on his friends face just before he had turned and fled to his room for the night. John sighs and lets his hands drop with a slap onto his mattress.
John is both baffled and unsurprised by this statement. Makes sense, with Sherlock lithe frame and ropey muscles.
“You must forgive me, John. My manners must have soured right out of the door when you opened it. Not your fault at all, of course, I hope that isn’t implied! My own arrogance and presumption is not to be taken lightly in this matter,
“Hey,” John prompts, tightening his fingers on Sherlock’s cheeks. When Sherlock doesn’t respond, just keeps looking at him like he doesn’t know who he is, John shakes Sherlock’s head a little, an empty feeling in his stomach.
Sherlock slowly tilts his head back, exposing the pale column of his throat. A clear sign of submission. And John wouldn’t have been able to stay put even if he were chained to the damn door.
Neither John nor Sherlock give any sign that they’ve heard the man, so he twirls away with a shrug to pass the drinks around to the others.
Sherlock’s eyes dart to the right for a second before coming to rest instantly back onto John’s face. “The deaf boy. How fitting.”
An hour later finds them sprawled on the floor panting, backs resting against a wall and surrounded by broken glass, china and wood. John grins as he looks around at the disaster around them. "That was honestly, the most fun I think I've ever had."
John realises now he can’t just ask Sherlock and expect him to answer with the truth. It was stupid to expect that in the first place, Sherlock has always had an exceptional talent for avoidance. And so, John nods at him, smiles tightly and turns away.
Sherlock mumbles something in reply and John is about to ask him to repeat himself when suddenly thin hands slide around Sherlock’s waist from behind. Then he is being tugged out of John’s grip and into the arms of a pretty brunette who John had seen eyeing Sherlock up earlier in the night.
Sherlock gasps loudly, turning it into a spluttering cough, before standing abruptly with an announcement that he needs the loo and scampering out of the room.
“Is it carrot?” Sherlock asks innocently as a third plate is slapped down on the wood next to his cup.
back then. But he knew something was up when his tummy would hurt, his hands would get clammy, and his heart would race even when he was just laying under the hot summer sun.
John glances up in surprise. He doesn’t deserve the lie, and from the dark look in Sherlock’s eyes he knows the sentiment is shared.
John forces his eyes away from the door. They land on the TV, left on the channel Sherlock had chosen. It’s an old James Bond film, one of John’s favourites. Sherlock hadn’t liked it yet here it was, playing on the screen in front of John.
He climbs off the bed, shoves at John shoulders to lay him down again against his pillows. Then stops, casting an eye down his body. He smirks slightly, before grabbing a pillow and chucking it at John’s crotch.
Without verbally replying, Sherlock reaches out a pale hand and takes John’s cup, brings it to his own mouth and takes a pointed sip before passing it back.
Done is the time for teasing, John can’t stand the ache anymore and he reaches under the waistband of Sherlock’s pants and grips the long, silky soft flesh underneath.
John splutters, spins suddenly to look himself over in the reflection of a shop window to his right. He stumbles to a stop. And stares. Moves closer.
“Sherlock! The man of the hour!” Teddy grins and rises from his chair, advancing on the man with wide arms. Just as he gets close enough to touch the detective, he stops. “What happened to your cheek?” Sherlock frowns in confusion before comprehension passes over his face and his eyes flick instantly to John’s before snapping back to the blonde man in front of him. The movement is so quick, but Teddy notices it. John winces, noticing the dark smudge on his friend’s cheekbone. Teddy spins around, looking at John with wide eyes. There is silence. A moment passes and when John lowers his eyes in shame, Teddy’s darken.
John casts his eyes back over to Eurus, who is laughing prettily at her Uncle’s antics with a hand on his arm. John scoffs, turning back and starts when he notices Sherlock hasn’t moved away and his eyes are trained on John’s mouth.
Sherlock changed tactic, had sent him a charming smile. “I’m with someone, mate. He’s around here somewhere,” Sherlock made a show of glancing over the crowd.
,” he whispers to himself, trying to slow his racing heart. As quietly as possible, he crawls out from under the covers and tiptoes to the door. Rests his ear against it in case she’s standing outside. Silence. Reaches out one hand and gently twists the door handle to check it isn’t locked, mind filled with images of fire and panic. It’s unlocked. He peers an eye out into the dark crack. The hall is empty, all lights off.
They both jump at the loud screeching demand from the living room. Sherlock rolls his eyes and steps away. John lets out a low growl and glares towards the door, heart still thudding and anticipation now replaced with irritation.
“What are you doing?” John asks quietly, not sure if he means the hasty retreat or the moment they just shared.
“Hey, I don’t suppose-” John stops when Sherlock waves a lazy hand towards another pile of clothing next to his head without looking up.
John nodded for him to continue, ignoring the fact that neither of them had made any move to escape the cramped space they were in. Without the box between them, Sherlock’s thighs brushed against John’s, and he ignored that too.
"Where are we going Sherlock?" John asks the detective for the fourth time since their journey began. He thinks longingly of the wasted beer down the sink and makes a mental note to buy some more on his way back from whatever hell Sherlock is dragging him into this time.
Of course, he is well aware that the entire situation could actually be deemed very simple if they only
Sherlock slaps at his hands, reaching down to cup John’s growing bulge over the thin material, leaning his head down to nuzzle at his inner thigh.
“Yeah. Cool. So it was nice seeing you again,” John interrupts, moving to stand. Rachel reaches out and grabs his arm to stop him.
Before he can, John reaches out and grabs his bicep harshly. Sherlock glances back, eyebrows raised. The grin slides off his face as he reads the expression on John’s face. John shakes his head at him minutely, crushed and angry. Sherlock’s eyebrows knit together for a moment before that same lost look appears on his face from the night before. John lets out an explosive breath and his grip tightens on his arm for a second before he lets it go. Only to reach out again a second later as Sherlock slowly moves to enter the room again. He tugs the detective backwards slightly and steps around him, entering the room first.
The slam of the front door of 221b causes the whole flat to tremble in protest, but John pays it no mind as he stomps up the stairs into the flat, ignoring Mrs Hudson's yell of
John gratefully follows them down the road, and can’t stop glancing at himself in the windows of every shop they pass.
"I do," Teddy shrugs again. "Apparently." He glances down at the pig carcass with a mildly nauseated look.
After a while, John starts to feel the weight of the man in his lap and he shifts slightly. “Sherlock-” he murmurs.
Many hours later, John wakes again, this time on his side, face buried into the back of a warm neck.
John darts a quick peek at Sherlock, who seems to be distractedly in a silent conversation with his sister.
Sherlock watches him for a long moment, his smile growing softer, and suddenly he looks incredibly young. Pale eyes glance down at his fingers and he picks at the skin around his thumb, almost shy. John watches him fidgid in wonder.
wife’s death doesn’t lie at Sherlock’s door. He knows, deep down, that the awful guilt of his infidelity (was it truly?) doesn’t, can’t, lie at Sherlock’s door. A sister he never knew existed. A sister he had forgotten. How convenient. It’s illogical to blame his friend for his own actions.
The muscle of Sherlock’s jaw is fluttering rhymically as he clenches and unclenches his teeth, and he quirks a small smile of someone not-all-there before leaning down to lick a stripe up the side of John’s neck.
John drops his hand, quirking an eyebrow at him. Sherlock takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly, looking utterly spent.
John can’t stop looking at Sherlock, he never stops looking at him. Anywhere, everywhere, at any moment he feels the urge to point it out, he won’t stop himself from indulging.
Sherlock shifts slightly, resting his arse more securely on the sink and spreading his legs a little wider.
“How was the station?” John asks, filling up the kettle and getting some mugs down. He pauses before reaching for a third. He doubts Sherlock will come out of his room, but he wants to make him some tea anyway, just in case.
"Well that's wonderful. Now everyone is suitably de-stressed, let's clear up the blood and guts yeah?" John spins away and shoves off his coat, chucking it at the hooks behind the door blindly.
As they had taken their seats, Sherlock and John opposite one another, the doctor had asked him quietly if they had help with the running of the house.
“So, is it just the three of you? Oh no, wait, you mentioned a Mycroft earlier?” John asks, knowing the answer of course but fishing for more information on the Holmes’ family dynamic in this world.
It’s a muttered observation from Greg, low enough to not be overheard as it’s a rather inappropriate thing to say, considering the dead body three feet away and the crying husband (now widow) being lead into a police car.
“How is it you knew him?” Rachel asks suddenly. John looks up and she has a hard look on her face as she stares at Sherlock.
John hums a noise of agreement, rolling his hips and into Sherlock’s fist. Sherlock takes the hint, gripping his cock a little tighter and stroking him from root to tip with deliberate slowness. Sparks fly behind John’s eyes and rubs his open mouth across Sherlock’s jaw.
Feeling a bit unsettled, John sends a quick searching look down a his hands, relieved to find them still smooth with youth.
Sherlock blinks as if he wasn’t expecting that answer. Either he was thinking of something else John had said, or he didn’t expect John to remember saying it. John assumes the latter.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asks absently. He glances up, one dark eyebrow raised. “You don’t know me.”
John’s eyes widen and he freezes, leaning as far back into the soft pillows as they allow. Doesn't allow himself to speak. To even breathe.
“‘The Jam’?” John asks with a smile, locking the door after a moment’s hesitation and wandering over to Sherlock’s bed while the other boy stands in the centre of his room and slowly lowers himself into a crouch before standing upright again. John sits on his bed, watching the muscles of Sherlock’s legs ripple and flex with the movement as he does it again.
From John’s rather limited knowledge of party drugs, he is aware that MDMA usually releases an influx of endorphins, causing the user to have a heightened sense of empathy and emotion. This is usually paired with a sense of contentment, warmness and general happiness. Something John can see the appeal of, of course, but he’s seen enough teenagers being brought into A&E experiencing seizures and heart rate irregularities to know the risk just isn’t worth it.
As I stated earlier, there will be an epilogue. I'm also working on another fic as we speak that I hope to start uploading soon-Hope to see some of you there if it floats your boat!
John doesn’t say anything but Teddy must have read something in his face because he rolls his eyes. “Don’t be such a fool. He didn’t get my watch back for me and me alone, he did it for you. Don’t fuck this up. You have a hell of a lot of grovelling to do.”
"If you want me to stop..." John let out a shaky breath. "If you want me to stop all you need to do is tell me. Just say it and I will stop. I promise."
I went on my first tour of Afghanistan when I turned 22 years old and I had the time of my life. The adrenaline of it all made me feel alive, like there was no stopping me. Afghanistan changed me. I didn't have to worry about looking after an alcoholic sister and father. There was no one I was attached to.
Sherlock and Lestrade followed the ambulance in the police car, sirens blaring as they made their way to the hospital. John was in an extremely bad condition when the paramedics arrived and he was only going to deteriorate if he didn't get into an operating theatre soon.
“Not good.” She responded, placing her elbows on the table and dropping her head into the hand which wasn’t holding the phone. “He told me something.”
The nurse, who has only been working in the hospital for the past couple of weeks, clearly hasn't dealt with a situation like this before and I can tell that she is uncertain about what she is supposed to say or do.
William Sherlock Scott Holmes was seventeen years old when he realised how cruel the world could be.
the car had smashed into him and sent him flying up and over it. I could see him in the air and it felt like a century before he touched the ground but he did, eventually. He finally collided with the concrete of the road with an awful cracking sound.
For the next half an hour or so the three of them engaged in amicable conversation. Well, it was more of Mrs Hudson talking, John nodding in response and Sherlock watching John every moment he got but all three were fine with that.
"Mr Holmes, I know that this can be very difficult for family members to cope with. We have counselling sessions and leaflets that I can provide to you to help you cope-"
Sherlock’s grip doesn’t falter, and Mycroft struggles in his grasp. John doesn’t bother to interfere with the dispute. “Goodbye, brother.” Sherlock releases Mycroft, noting the red marks of his own fingerprints decorating the expanse of his neck that is exposed. Mycroft splutters slightly, raising his own hand to his throat and staring at his brother and John in disbelief, before the door is slammed and he is left, the rain soaking through to his skin.
There is a small amount of awkwardness transferring me from the wheelchair and into the car but eventually we succeed and I am seated.
“Your Daddy is going to get in lots of trouble if he keeps saying things like that to Uncle Mycroft.” John tutted, which only made Rosie giggle more. They sit there giggling for a couple of seconds more before John leans in, whispering, “But between me and you, Sherlock loves Uncle Mycroft really.” John presses a kiss to Rosie’s forehead, just as Sherlock enters the bathroom.
"What are you doing down here?" John asked. The boy's wide eyes scanned rapidly over John's face and he didn't reply.
“How’s the head?” John asks, stepping back over to Sherlock and reaching up with gentle fingers to probe at the back of his skull.
Sherlock looks at his own reflection, widening his eyes comically to peer at his dilated pupils in fascination.
"That's his name. John." Sherlock didn't take his eyes away from the child's face as he pointed towards the doctor, his fingers flying around his face and John recognised the errant hair gesture again. The boy then turned his grin towards John instead and began signing in earnest. Sherlock raised a hand and the boy stopped, Sherlock shook his head as his hands twirled around each other and the boy glanced at John a bit sadly before turning his full attention back to the detective.
Victor turns a disbelieving stare towards John, who blinks at him from behind his cup, and the boy lets out an incredulous puff of air.
Next chapter will be a continuation of where we have left off here....I could have easily continued but I had to end the chapter at SOME point...
John almost doesn’t catch the murmur of Mrs Hudson as she passes Sherlock a cup of tea. John pretends he didn’t hear it, continues to wash up plates in the sink.
About an hour later, Sherlock is fast asleep, his dark head resting on John’s shoulder. John lets him rest.
, but he believed he was making a good point and should continue thus, “I am sick and tired of being poisoned by
Sherlock fights a shudder, shoulders tense and bottom lip now captured between his teeth. John looks away casually, taking another sip of wine as he feels his own jeans getting uncomfortably tight. He repeats the movement of his little finger, this time in an upwards stroke and can feel the bulge under the digit hardening.
John had briefly wondered if Rudy and Alfie had ever met before, would be surprised if they hadn’t, but that interaction just cemented the fact that: yes, they knew each other. They just didn’t like each other. And it was endlessly refreshing.
Sherlock shrugs away his thanks, picks up John’s pile of dirty clothes and heads out of the room. John glances back at his book left on the mattress, shrugs and follows.
Smiling, John walks up to him and pats him on the shoulder. "Goodnight Sherlock." John moves around him and makes his way up the stairs, hearing Sherlock mutter a goodnight back.
“Alright there, Victor?” The man behind the counter smiles over at them, wiping his hands down his apron.
Sherlock maintains the eye contact for an impressive four seconds before he, too, lowers his gaze with a slight grimace.
The images of Sherlock grinding up against the two strangers won’t leave John’s mind and he opens his eyes again to stare up into the starry sky.
Considering his skin feels like ice, John decides listening to anything Sherlock says is a moot point and forces Sherlock’s long limbs into the arms of the shirt. As they’re struggling with the garment, Toby, Victor, Evie and Jules all stumble out of the club and make their way towards them with concerned looks.
Sherlock is still laying sprawled, this time with his book held open above his face. He must of nipped back to his room while John was in the shower.
“No, it’s fine, I mean, they are-” John begins, cutting himself off when his face is captured by two warm palms and he finds himself staring up in bewilderment into two watery eyes.
“I feel strange, feverish, hot and cold at the same time. And my muscles keep locking, are permanently tense. I understand now why you want to check if I can urinate John, very clever, a usual symptom of MDMA is struggling to release the bladder. My constant thirst could be a symptom of speed, but then again that could be down to excessive movement. My sense of touch is heightened, my thoughts are racing a mile a minute, too fast for my mouth to keep up with. I feel euphoric- Oh, I wish you were expericaning this with me, John- I want to touch you but I won’t, might make you feel uncomfortable, you
“Where is she, anyway?” Mr Holmes asks the table in general but his eyes are on Sherlock. Emelia turns to look at their son too, in question. Sherlock glances between them and shrugs.
John places his mug down on the table none-too-gently and the noise startles both men as if just noticing John’s presence. “We’ve enjoyed having you Teddy, pig intestines aside.” John smiles.
The auburn haired boy, obviously a regular customer, begins chatting amicably to the older man about nothing in particular, throwing in an order for a large portion of chips in the middle of a question about the other man’s wife.
John chuckles and reaches down to help him. They really are knotted badly. After a few minutes of silent unraveling, Sherlock glances up again.
John watches in amazement as Sherlock’s arms slide away from John’s body and raise into the air above his head, tilting his face back and bearing his long throat as if sensing John’s previous longing. His arms twirl elegantly above him, a blissful smile on his upturned face, body meeting every beat with effortless grace. John stares at him, can’t help but slide his hands up under Sherlock’s shirt and across his back to feel the damp skin, too-hot but erupting in goosebumps under John’s fingertips.
John recognises his old friend’s voice and a sudden fury surges out of nowhere and John sprints up the rest of the steps, kicking open the door to a much loader exclamation of, "Put your back into it man!"
“No, that’s fine. Happens all the time. He just need to go home and rest,” John declares, giving the man a nod and pointedly not looking over at Victor and the others who luckily all keep their mouths shut.
John bows his head, trying to control his breathing. He reaches blindly behind him for the beer bottle but comes in contact with a smooth, warm hand instead. Snapping his head up he realises Sherlock has taken the bottle away and is emptying its contents down the sink.
The brother grows up to adopt the mannerisms of the girl lost in his mind, suppressing all emotion and desire, finding solace and comfort in hard fact and science. Another act of self-preservation. Fascinating. The man lives an adventurous but lonely life, utterly unaware of what could have been, traumatised by an event that he cannot remember.
John heaves a sigh, glances at the floor before meeting Sherlock’s eyes again. "I guess I wanted to apologise for earlier."
As evening drew closer, John came to realise that Uncle Rudy was really quite mad, and that Sherlock took after him much more than he did his parents. Rudy was generally kinder in a more deliberate way and made a pointed effort to include John in every conversation. He didn’t have much of a filter in the things he said, much like his youngest nephew, and it was clear fairly early on that Sherlock was his absolute favourite family member and the feeling seemed mutual. The three of them sat at the very end of the dining room table, chatting and laughing and bickering in such a familiar way that John felt a bit like he was talking to two Sherlock’s at once.
He ripped a page out of the notepad. “Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other, wouldn't you say?”
A/N I didn’t know how to end that last case so I am COPPING OUT. I was this close to pulling the old ‘and the he was knocked out until all the action was over and everything was ok’ scheme. So if it feels like you’re missing something, don’t worry. I just… left it out.
There were exceptions, of course. His personal maid found him amusing and Sir Lestrade was always willing to hear out his crazy ideas on how to improve the defense systems. But the general consensus was that Sherlock was not likable under any circumstances. He preferred it that way, in fact. He found that once people found you enjoyable to be around they made a point of spending time with you and trading meaningless small talk and…
I think I should mention that vampires in this universe are kind of like wizards in harry potter. They're a sort of underground society. I'm not sure if I made that clear earlier.
"Only marijuana these days," Sherlock mumbled through the corner of his mouth that was not occupied. It became very clear that talking time was over when the vampire became engrossed in the rather expensive phone that had materialized in his hand. After finishing the pancakes and nibbling at the eggs, John pushed aside his various plates. He glared at the french toast, bacon and sausages for daring to still look delicious when he seriously couldn't eat another bite. But forgave them when he realized they'd probably still be just as good at lunchtime. The army doctor sighed and hauled himself to his feet, feeling about ten pounds heavier than he did when he sat down. He picked up a few of the dishes and headed for the fridge. What he found in it nearly caused him to drop the bacon.
John did, licking his lips fretfully as he tried to make himself comfortable. “Something smells amazing. Is-“
"They've been coming in every half hour. There have been 4 so far. An anonymous caller directed us to them. The girls are Meiko and Hoshi Miyamoto, the children of a wealthy japanese novelist stolen from their home. He's made all the standard demands, cash and two plane tickets to cuba or the kids die. We can't get any specifics off of the video. He's using a voice changer. The background never changes. Long story short, we could really use your help." Lestrade instantly reverted to his Detective Inspector voice, stating the facts without letting the emotion of the situation suffocate him.
“We’re locked in a dungeon, Sherlock!” John snapped suddenly, causing Sherlock to flinch against the bars he was chained to. “This isn’t the time to share your dental hygienic routine.”
It was ridiculous. Stupid. There was too much furniture around. They could get hurt. His leg’s been stiff recently, he shouldn’t risk it especially when he has to work tomorrow. It would be just mad to start a fighting match in the living room for kicks and the worst part was Sherlock was taking off his shirt so he could not possibly say no.
“Yes, after I take care of one more issue.” Mycroft announced as he also stood, pulling an envelope from his pocket.
“It doesn’t. No, the actual bloodletting only takes a few minutes.” Lestrade picked up the sports section of the newspaper with all the methodical caution of a brain surgeon and eased his chair back to read it. “The rest is just watching Sherlock sleep and hoping he’ll roll off my arm before it falls off.”
“No, not exactly. I don’t think. But they’re covering something up, I’m sure of it. Deliberately trying to muddy the evidence and confuse the truth. But now that we know that the local police are up to something, who knows how much of the town is involved.” Sherlock turned away to look across the quiet, open fields at the sleeping town.
“I can see it now. The place where the skin ends and the… shield begins.” It was a thin layer, no more substantial than fuzz on a peach, but if he looked very closely, he could see it bend where he came in contact with John. He played with it with is for a few minutes, tapping John’s skin in different ways to see how the aura would react. He found that approaching it with force caused it to resist, keeping his finger a needle’s point away from touching skin. But it was more malleable under gentler touches, bending enough to allow contact. “That’s fascinating.”
A hand appeared out of nowhere and grabbing his shoulder. There was the smell of chloroform and then there was nothing.
“God, I can feel the senseless noise that is your mortal life eating away at my mind.” He groaned dramatically, flopping onto his back again.
That question seemed to knock Sherlock off balance. “A vampire’s home would have more security precautions than the average household, especially with children… The staff wouldn’t be your average disgruntled workers. They’d be blood servants, all with an intimate knowledge of vampiric tradition. They’d have to be on the inside, but not close enough to be let in on the secrets of vampirism.”
"Sore." He mumbled into his mug. After a seconds consideration, he re-thought the question. Shouldn't it be a little more than sore? He raised his arm to take a look at it. There was still a slash on his forearm. Not terribly deep, but at least five inches long. John didn’t have much of a chance to look at it the night before, but he was sure it hadn’t healed half-way on it’s own in the last 12 hours. He vaguely remembered the feel of something wet and cold. “Fine, actually. Did you… do something to it? While I was asleep?”
John hit the ground hard, losing his breath for a moment as Sherlock sat on his stomach, barely even trying to hold him down. The vampire breathed deeply but evenly while John gasped for air. His eyes were sharp and hungry and his skin dry and pale. He hadn’t even broken a sweat. John moaned.
The enormous man ignored the comment with the ease of someone who’s had centuries of practice. “It was a test. There are many… unsavoury individuals who would give up their firstborn child for any of our heads- attached or otherwise- and many others who would risk death to profit off of that. If you were to continue... associating  with Sherlock, I needed to be sure of the quality of your moral fiber.”
But he didn't mind that terribly as he had plenty of material to write about even after subtracting the borderline supernatural elements. Just the other day, a man broke into the flat and threatened them with a fire extinguisher. The strange thing was, he didn't demand money or valuables. He wanted them to solve the disappearance of his wife and clear up the suspicion surrounding him. Of course, John wasn't too keen on helping a man who was currently holding hostage at the business end of a fire extinguisher, but Sherlock was so intrigued by the case that he didn't even charge him for solving it, let alone destroying a window and terrifying the wits out of Mrs. Hudson.
"Can you hear that in the background?" Sherlock cupped his hand around the speaker to amplify it and replayed the segment. "It's constant throughout all the videos, but it's most detectable in the pause between sentences right.... here."
Apparently, although the theory is fairly simple, the ability to actually do it was much more difficult and probably required magic. Sherlock had broken about three pairs of sticks and all of his patience when John’s head poked out of the burrow.
"Good thing I mentally recorded it in case of this very occasion- 'It's bound to pay well'." The vampire growled through his teeth, stomping childishly across the street.
Sherlock snorted, finding the idea absurd. “Do you really underestimate my ability to defend myself so much? The fittest of them had skin of paper and shaky hands.”
Sherlock considered the question, as a shakespearean actor would consider the words 'to be or not to be'. Mycroft prepared himself for a truly historic eye-roll. "...Probably not."
“Do you know why you’re on top of me right now, John Watson?” He purred, shifting rather provocatively beneath him. He was bare and helpless, having given up the second John got the upper hand. The floor seemed to rumble gently, like a vibrating mattress at a cheap hotel.
"Rather slow on the uptake, isn't he?" Mycroft smiled punchably. "Then again, I suppose that is your taste."
A hum filled the space behind his ears as he listened to the dial tone. A sickly, coarse vibration. John called it stress and forgot about it as Lestrade picked up.
By the time Sherlock reached the manor, the last rays of sunlight had just died out. As he tied up his horse in the stables, he pondered on what state he might find Mycroft in. Sherlock was bound to get a beating for what he’d done, but it’d be worth it to see his pompous elder brother in distress for once in his life. He’d happily take ten lashings for just one out of place strand of hair.
“Let’s cut to the chase, you know how much I dislike pleasantries,” Sherlock replied with a drawn out eye-roll. He pulled a pocket watch from his coat pocket and held it up for the Jeweler’s inspection. “Solid silver, all original fittings, no later than early 17th century. Still keeps impeccable time.”
"Oh, it's no trouble at all. It's nice having someone with a working stomach to cook for." She chirped as she left the kitchen. John took a deep breath as he sunk his fork into his mountain of pancake. If he didn't know otherwise, he’d be afraid that the lovely little old lady was attempting to fatten him up for thanksgiving dinner.
John scanned over a detailed graphite portrait, labelled mirror portrait 1882. He was fairly plain of face, with sleepy, dark eyes, a patchy beard and beaky nose. The right eye was also a tad higher than the left, but he assumed that was just a drawing mistake. It was slightly disorienting to know that the skull that sat behind that face was currently sitting on his mantelpiece. But it was beginning to make sense, in a way. Plenty of people keep ashes of loved ones on display, it wasn’t much different than that. He remembered all the comrades he lost on the battlefield. The ones that had to be left behind, so their friends and families had nothing left of them but a few leftover belongings and a medal to remember them by. “I’m so sorry.”
“Then go on.” John smiled, nodding towards the fork. He tried his best not to feel too weird as Sherlock fed him like a newly-weaned toddler. “And for the record, I prefer my eggs scrambled.”
John ground his teeth as he watched Sherlock, sopping wet and wearing nothing more than a towel, stare blearily into the middle distance. He rolled his sleeve back down. He wasn’t used to this. He hadn’t been so lost on what to do with an injured person since before medical school. Even as a child, he knew how to deal with most seasonal illness and whatever scrapes and bruises his father could throw at him. “Why would he do this to himself? Why would he let it go so far, if he knew this was going to happen?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and hopped over the coffee table to loom directly above his comfy overstuffed chair. “Just a friendly sparring match, John. To get the blood flowing.”
"I was hardly going to keep them under my pillow, was I?" He snapped, momentarily lifting his mouth from it's place on the blood bag. "Measuring the muscle definition of left hands for work."
John giggled, not realizing he was serious until Sherlock shrugged his dressing gown off and tossed it aside. “You don’t have to prove anything to me, you know.”
“It’s louder in children and grows more subtle with age. You’d need a stethoscope or a loaded gun to make my resonance audible." John remembered the gun in the kidnapper's hand. How did he not recognize the plastic sheen of the paint job? It was so obvious in hindsight. "Even then, I'd be surprised if you noticed any difference. None of you mortals ever listen."
“I don’t care if you're not asking, I'm offering.” John clarified. “Although, it is a limited offer. Because eventually, I'm going to strap you down and shove it down your throat.”
“I can hear, you know.” Sherlock murmured, his voice just as substantial as the steam drifting around him. “Not dead yet.”
“They always break anyways.” a set of pale, slender fingers brushed the bald ivory brow of a grinning skull. “Eventually.”
The man nonchalantly brushed the dust from the sleeve of his crisp, perfectly tailored (if not a little old-fashioned) suit. "I trust you're not looking forward to keeping him company. The skull, that is. Not the vampire. Although, I've heard the vampire isn't exactly what you'd call companionable, either."
When John got over the split second of shock one gets from walking into a magazine, he realized Sherlock was talking.
Also, if you like my work so much that you feel compelled to give me money, I've got an etsy shop where I sell a bunch of cute mini paintings. Some of which you can even wear on your body!
"Inventive? Sherlock, this is a murder," John choked out, trying not to vomit at the gruesome sight before him.
“Mrs. Hudson then?” Lestrade asked, cutting the awkward tension. Sherlock seemed to consider it for a moment.
This was perhaps the easiest chapter I've written so far but as it is just Sherlock being smoll and soft, I'm not surprised.
Mycroft occupied the leather armchair by the fireplace like a massive military force occupies a country. With determination and sheer force. It was a rather unsettling sight, not only because his substantial amount of… substance didn’t quite fit into it, but also because Sherlock had marked that chair to be his in every possible way aside from pissing on it. Seeing Mycroft in it was just… wrong.
“And their parents just play along!” The middle-aged woman with no less than two cats and less experience in child rearing than the average sack of potatoes splayed a hand over her heart, as though she was liable to faint from the very idea. “In my day, they never would’ve gotten away with such a thing. None of this ‘free-spirit’ nonsense.”
"She," Sherlock corrected the second Anderson left, shutting the door behind him. He walked in circles around the bedroom-turned-crime-scene, crouching at regular intervals in an effort to look at the scene from different angles. From where John stood, it almost looked like a strange dance. "Oh, I love a female serial killer. They're always so... inventive."
Finally, he swept back into the living room and shoved John’s tea into his arm so he’d have no choice but to take it.
“Isn’t it? Every other day I hear of another teenage pregnancy, another ripped condom, another missed pill. You people are overrunning the planet already. You might not have ten illegitimate children, but from my extensive experience, that is hardly the outlier.” He said, the very voice of reason.
He accepted it carefully, looking it over with confusion and fascination. “What is this? Some sort of contraption?”
“I think… I think you may have just solved the case.” Sherlock dabbed at the splotch of water he’d sputtered onto his shirt. John groaned despite himself. Solving the case was good of course, but it usually meant more urgent running around and the food hadn’t even come yet. John scooted his chair back and prepared to make a mad dash for the door. “No no, were not leaving yet. I have some light research and planning to do.”
“Nah, he only took maybe half a cup. This is all the vampire saliva.” He said, carefully lowering his glass to the table like it might jump up and bite him.
Sherlock was forced to accept the fact that what he was seeing was, in fact, real. Now he just had to figure out what exactly he seeing.
John gaped. “Tha- that means... She might still be in the area. She can’t have gone very far in that amount of time.” Suddenly, it felt very wrong to be sitting around chatting. He shoved his chair away from the table and began to stand, wiping his mouth with the back of his sleeve.
Sherlock squirted a ridiculously expensive gob of goo into his palm and completely ignored the fact that they hadn’t left the room yet.
John shook his head. “It… sits on top of my skin. I can feel it if I concentrate, but mostly it’s like air. It’s there, but I don’t notice it.”
Sorry this chapter took so long. It was just a hard chapter for me and I've had a lot of work lately, so I haven't really had time. I might still go back and do some touch ups later, I'd just really like to get something posted today.
John slammed down the backspace key, watching his writing slowly disappear line by line from the screen. This was the third time he’d written a paragraph just to delete it and the last. He had given up on recording this particular case. Most cases he could boil down to something just this side of supernatural, but this one was just… too much.
Sherlock couldn’t say he’d fought in a war. He’d never had his hands in elbow-deep someone’s body as they died or watched friends become reduced to red mist in the wake of a mine. But there was a tang to John’s pain that tasted discomfortingly familiar to him.
John’s head lolled against the ground in a vague nod. His hands uselessly wandering up and down sweatpants covered thighs. His mind came to roughly fourteen conclusions at once. “We’re gonna… sex ” is what they essentially boiled down to.
Some days, John's afraid he was born with a bullet in his mouth. That, no matter how long or full a life he might lead, in the end the only outcome could be a pointless, painful death. While that might also be true for the rest of humanity, it seemed to be most relevant to John.
Before John could respond, he spotted a small grassy field utterly overrun with police vehicles. “I think I’ve found our destination.”
Sherlock smirked weakly, awkwardly lifting himself to a sitting position in the water with one hand clutching the towel acting as his only shred of privacy. “Money, power, sex. It’s all the same. I’ve always wondered how you could’ve possibly become a detective inspector so quickly.” Lestrade rolled his eyes, but didn’t respond. Sherlock sighed and reached for the shampoo. “Get out.”
This chapter is mostly John and Sherlock being married nerds. But I could hardly help myself. It's the second day of halloween and halloween makes me like 30% soppier.
"That's what vampire children sound like when scared out of their wits." Sherlock informed him, pulling out his phone and tapping out a text message at the speed of light. “Lestrade. Photo of the father.”
“I’m making a point.” He smiled perilously, but quickly dialed it down to something with less teeth for the waitress that had just approached their table. “Ah, yes. That looks just lovely.”
John found himself writing on his blog a lot lately. Which he found fairly surprising, considering he had the poetic skill of a heavily concussed twelve year old. But he found it actually was a fairly therapeutic way of dealing with the frankly bizarre events that occurred on a daily basis. Granted, he couldn't post any of the really interesting (read: batshit insane) happenings for two reasons:
Lestrade returns and places a hand on my shoulder but I break. I am overcome with emotions. Suddenly I am enveloped and he is gripping me in a tight hug and I am sobbing, uncontrollably. This wasn't supposed to happen. It never should have happened!
“Don’t go letting on. I can’t have my reputation ruined.” The pastel background of the sky caused the trees to be silhouettes as they looked up through the opening of the forest. Above them, a bat comes into their field of vision. It’s gone in an instant.
"Well that doesn't matter now. You need to focus on John because he is going to need you, Sherlock."
"I must inform you there is a possibility that aswell as his legs unable to function, there could be other impacts as a result of the injury. Some types of spinal cord damage means that he may not have bladder or bowel control nor any sexual function. It will take time, that is for certain. In any situations like these we have to wait for the swelling to go down before we can rule things out and make the correct diagnosis. However, due to the vertebrae that have been damaged and the nerve areas that have affected, it is quite likely that these functions will be hindered. I am extremely sorry, sir."
“Why didn’t you go to sleep?” Sherlock knew the answer to this question yet he found himself wondering what Molly’s response would be, nonetheless.
“You know, John,” Mrs Hudson continued on, “you’re going to have Sherlock running round the place once you’re back at home.” She smiled lovingly at her boys, and John chuckled.
John can’t trust his voice. He doesn’t want this to be true. He can’t have two dead parents. “I’ll be there as soon as I can,” he says, and hangs up. Sherlock is already registering John’s face, the way his lips are pulled into a tight line, the way he moves his fingers into a clenched fist. He can see the way he is clamping his teeth together, trying to suppress any emotion whatsoever. Sherlock doesn’t need to ask what’s happened. He knows.
“I’ll text Lestrade in the morning.” Sherlock says, looking at his daughter. Her skin is sallow and clammy, and she looks frail within Sherlock’s arms.
John arrives at Sherlock’s house soon after he leaves his own. The pastel pinks and oranges of the late September evening are merging into a deep iridescent blue, and they form a coalescence of colours which John, on any other night, would take the time to appreciate. Not tonight.
John can’t quite comprehend what has been said to him, and he’s not quite sure whether he realises that Sherlock has left.
She had contemplated going to sleep as well but she knew she would be getting an update from either Lestrade of Mycroft any time soon, and that she would want to be awake when she received it in case anything was an emergency.
The one word that they had both feared, suddenly becoming a reality. Sherlock barely has time to let the word sink in before he’s striding out of the doctor’s office, leaving John alone. Rosie’s asleep in her hospital bed- she has been all day. Sherlock’s with her in an instant.
"You fell in love with him so quickly." It is not a question. It is an acknowledgement. "I doubted him, Sherlock. This man, so ordinary, so plain, so
John absolutely loved that spot. No one else ever came there and he always thought that it was the perfect escape for him and Sherlock. It was away from the noise of London, away from fellow students, away from reality. Usually they would drive there on the weekends on Sherlock's motorcycle, not a care in the world. Just the two of them. That was all that mattered.
It's ridiculous, he thinks now as he continues to follow the patterns of smoke, how someone can affect your life so drastically. Sherlock turns his attention back to the sky, notices a blackbird flying above him. Freedom.
Before I realise what I am doing, I am running, getting away from his mum and dad, away from the ICU. I find myself in the nearest toilet and I am throwing up, lurching over the side of it and heaving and heaving and heaving. The feeling is... it's like nothing I've ever felt before. A mixture of grief, despair, anxiety. They're attacking me with as much force as they can throw at me and it is awful, absolutely horrifying and I feel like everything I have ever known and built is collapsing around me, bringing me down with it.
"The car behind slammed into your car at around 55mph. Both cars were damaged beyond repair. Both the driver and the passenger of the other car died on impact. A sheet of metal from the bonnet of the other car penetrated through John's back which severed John's spine, caused major damage to internal organs and came through his torso."
Sherlock's hand came to grip the back of John's head as he applied pressure to the gaping wound that was spluttering blood into the carpet. The corner of the plug socket that had been the cause of this injury as John had fallen was decorated with the same blood, the terrifying red that
And whilst Lestrade could acknowledge that taking him away from John whilst he was in this state probably wasn’t the best idea, it was certainly better than allowing him to stay in the hospital, agitated, and possibly disrupting John when he could finally see him. Now was definitely not the time to be high on cocaine.
He doesn’t anticipate John grabbing the front of his gown and shouting at him. “How could you?” John hollers, shaking the man beneath him with every ounce of strength that he has. His dad tries to push his son away from him but the drugs render him useless and he cannot do anything but watch as the anger that he has only seen too often over the past three weeks consume John again. “You kill mum and try to top yourself off now? How could you?”
“What do you propose I do then? Hm?” Sherlock ran a blood covered hand through his hair, worry getting the better of him. He’d never felt panic like this before: not when he’d woken up in hospital after an OD and not when he himself had been shot. Nothing compared to this.
“But we have to stop this.” John continues. Sherlock doesn’t have to ask what he’s talking about. Sherlock lifts his head, pressing his lips to John’s. It’s a reassurance, a comfort. They kiss, knowing that whatever tomorrow will bring will be defeated by the two of them together, not suffering by themselves.
It was as if a car had hit him with full force, not bothering to slow down before colliding with him. The damage was beyond repair.
“I don’t know. I wasn’t allowed in the ICU. I imagine he’ll be getting some rest now though. We can visit tomorrow- I’m sure Sherlock will be there the moment he can.”
"Sherlock, I need you to calm down." Lestrade said, clenching his hands around the steering wheel of the car. They were coated in red, still sticky with John's blood. The consulting detective shook his head violently before turning to glare at the DI.
Sherlock proposed to me, two years later. It was just after a case in which a moronic criminal decided that it would be wise to try and kidnap me. Obviously Sherlock wouldn't allow that and the criminal ended up in hospital with a broken pelvis, three cracked ribs and a split lip. Plus a four year prison sentence.
John Watson was the epitome of the perfect child in his dad’s eyes. Always doing what was asked of him, never answering back. Unlike Harry, John wasn’t the type of teenager to spend his nights at parties in the houses of strangers he’d only met the night before. John wasn’t the type of teenager to drink the night away until the amount of alcohol consumed led to a trip to the hospital for his stomach to be pumped. John wasn’t that type of child until one day, he was.
“What the hell was that show in there?” John spins around at the sound of Harry’s voice and rubs his eyes. Sherlock remains behind him, one hand on his hip as he watches the encounter that is about to ensue. Harry steps forward, only about a foot away from John and slaps him hard across the face. His head snaps to the side with the force of the blow and Sherlock steps forwards, ready to intervene, but John’s hand pressing back against Sherlock’s hip warns him to not do anything.  “You deserved that,” Harry says, and John agrees.
Sherlock found John ten minutes later sitting on a wooden bench which overlooked the carpark. He perched down beside John and began to rummage in his pocket.
The doctor stops speaking, allowing me time to accept the information that has just been given to me. I can't think. I hear Lestrade curse under his breath and then his hand is on my shoulder, squeezing it reassuringly. My hands start to tremble again, expressing exactly how I'm feeling despite my face showing no emotion whatsoever.
“I’ll see you back at the flat, Mrs Hudson. I’ll bring takeout.” He too stood and gave their landlady a hug. “Here’s some money for a cab.” He rummaged around in his pocket before producing a £10 note.
The recovery process is agonising, painful. Months of rehabilitation, therapy, examinations. I can't even use the toilet by myself. I feel absolutely pathetic.
“We all did.” Lestrade reassures him with what he hopes to be a sympathetic smile but turns in to more of a grimace.
The crying subsides and Sherlock stands, making his way over to the light switch to turn it off. He returns to the bed, takes his shirt off and flings it to the pile of clothes in a heap on his floor. John does the same and Sherlock climbs into the other side of the bed, dragging the duvet up over them and snuggling down next to John. It’s never gone further than this but John thinks, even if it doesn’t end up going further, he’d be fine with that.
The door to the ICU is slammed shut and the two of us are left outside in the corridor, wondering what the hell is going on. Stupidly I don't think of the possibilities of what could happen because
“Swan. She has a triangle of stars- Deneb, Altair and Vega. Mum told us how Cygnus was a deceptive constellation- her fears and anger were disguised by the beauty of Deneb, Altair and Vega. She hides her destructiveness- mum would always say she was much like a person. Whilst there was Delphinus and Equuleus and all of these other beautiful and magnificent constellations, you’d often get a constellation like Cygnus. I soon found out why she told us this story- she hides one of the most famous black holes that we know about: Cygnus X-1. The black hole represents our flaws and if we’re not careful we can be consumed by our less desirable traits, so we have to work extra hard to show our Deneb, Altair and Vega.
“I know, but I can only hope.” Lestrade twiddled the handcuffs between his fingers. Sherlock was now in Molly’s living room, lounging on the sofa and not talking to either of them. “Are you sure you’re ok with him being here?”
I looked towards the sky, watching two blackbirds fly around each other in a beautiful chase. The detective inspector pulled out his own packet of cigarettes, lighting one and doing the same as me.
Sherlock gestured to the ground and laid down in the exact groove that John had, holding his hand out so that John could follow suit. “I’d sit here with Redbeard when I thought the world was getting too much. He didn’t mind. He’d curl up against my legs and usually fall asleep, that is until I woke him up after the sun had set and we’d walk home in the dark.”
Sherlock's voice was so quiet when he said the next three words that I almost missed them. "Marry me, John."
“I highly doubt you’ll be leaving anytime soon, John. You’re still in the ICU.” John closed his eyes again and clenched his jaw, not wanting to accept what Sherlock was saying. He hated hospitals, Sherlock knew, and avoided them at all costs if at all possible.
Knocking on the door as a quick warning, John timidly crept inside of his bedroom and he was met with the biggest grin on Sherlock's face that he had seen in a while. The younger teenager was hunched over the edge of the bed, elbows on knees and tapping his foot on the carpet. Immediately, John bounded over, pinning Sherlock down by the shoulders and straddling him over the hips. Sherlock tilted his head up, latching his lips onto John's as they met each other in a passionate kiss.
“Awful. Definitely hurts more the second time round.” John finished with a yawn and pressed back into Sherlock’s hand again, encouraging him to continue rubbing his thumb against his scalp. Sherlock obliged. He could see the tiredness slowly beginning to seep back into him, the drugs taking their toll on his already weakened body. John readjusted the cannula and settled back into the pillows before closing his eyes and finally letting sleep take over.
“John, don’t let go of her, ok? Just hold her.” Sherlock adjusted himself so he was kneeling and pressed his fingers against Mrs Watson’s neck, feeling for a pulse. When he removed his fingers there was a trace of his fingerprints against the alabaster skin. “Shit.” He muttered beneath his breath.
"Sherlock, darling?" I asked as I tried to budge him over so I could make us some breakfast but he wouldn't move. "Sherlock?" I say again, because stupidly I thought that maybe he was just really tired and needed some rest.
We arrive at the cemetery where John is buried, not too far away from Baker Street. Mycroft helps me back into my wheelchair and guides me to where my fiancé is laid to rest.
However, as if on cue, John shifted slightly where he was laying and his eyes fluttered open. Lestrade realised this before Sherlock and with a quick comment of “I’ll leave you to it,” the two men were left alone.
I am confused, absolutely terrified as I am suddenly very much aware of exactly what could happen. What will probably happened.
He’s been out there for almost three nights now with a hole ripped through his shoulder and an infection that is dragging him closer and closer to the brink.
John was left speechless, unable to comprehend what Sherlock was saying to him. He knew it was true but accepting that it was true was an entirely different story. Hearing Sherlock's thoughts on the matter was truly and utterly heartbreaking.
"To be like what, exactly?" John grimaced in pain again but kept his eyes levelled at his dad. "I'm not-" His voice caught on the words he was trying to say, his emotions getting the better of him. "I'm not doing anything wrong."
John's smile turned into an all-out grin and laughter bubbled from his mouth. Was this really happening? Making his way to the bottom of the stairs, John was about to join Sherlock but before he could step foot on the first step, his mother called out to him. "John? One more thing." He turned to face his mother, noticing that she had pulled out a chair from underneath the kitchen table and placed it next to the cupboards. She stepped onto the chair and reached up, rummaging on the highest shelf, in the teacups that were more for show than for use. Confusion swept over John. What was she doing?
I planted a kiss to the top of his head before I began speaking again. "It's going to take time. You've always spent time in your mum's company and you've always looked after her for as long as you can remember. Nothing's going to stop the pain you're experiencing hurt any less. But you will adjust to this. And I can promise you that I will support you every step of the way."
Sherlock listens as his brother strides away, no longer bothering to remain quiet as he takes his steps. The wind begins to pick up and Sherlock feels cold, so bloody cold. He pulls his coat tighter around his body, flipping the collar up and he can hear him, hear John's voice laughing at him.
“We haven’t spoken in forty years, alright?” Sherlock grumbled, falling onto the edge of the coffeetable with a huff.
So he adjusted his cloak to conceal the lump in his back as he made his way to the burrow that John used as shelter. It used to be a fox den buried in the root system of an old tree but John, with his sparkling ingenuity and unlimited amount of time, expanded it until it fit him comfortably. During a particularly close call with a bear, they both even managed to squeeze into it at the same time. It was not terribly comfortable. But it was safe. And warm. Sherlock paused just as he began to see John’s glow emanating from the ground.
Sherlock watched silently as John took another long sip. And another. Just as the lines in his face began to loosen and soften, there was a knock on the door. A precise, pretentious sort of knock that could only mean one thing. Mycroft.
John caught it, just a subtle hum in the space between words. The sound was like a hummingbird's song, once he caught on to it he couldn't believe that he'd ever missed it. Sherlock tapped back to the first video and he heard it there too. Softer, lower, but unmistakable. "What is that?"
Also, I've got a sort of spin-off story in the works, showing little bits and pieces of Baby Sherly's life with Victor. It'll be super cute and maybe a little heartbreaking. And if any of you have questions about it or this story or really anything, the comment section is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!
There was a long silence as John allowed himself to absorb the letter in its entirety and Sherlock tried his best not to spontaneously combust.
“Which, in a way, makes him a vampire hunter hunter.” Mused Sherlock, settling back into his chair. “Or- because he’s also a vampire- a vampire vampire hunter hunter. Or- simplified mathematically- a vampire hunter squared.”
He addressed the room in the same manner that an actor would address an audience. The harsh lights illuminating the scene only added to the dramatic effect, bleaching his skin bone white and deepening the shadows of his eye sockets and cheekbones."It was vital to the killer that she be conscious during the process, yes. But that's not what's important here. The killer obviously intended this to be a painting. So we must examine it as a painting. To find the artist, we must identify her signature."
Sherlock takes a few deep breaths, the pink staining his cheekbones gradually cooling into a normal colour.
“Oh my boy, your poor old soul. Too young to be ripped away from the bosom of a mother, from the firm hand of a father. My deepest condolences.”
Sherlock ignored him and reached out to grab Johns face between his large hands, eyes narrowed and flitting quickly across his face. John sighed slightly and let himself be manhandled, too tired to do otherwise.
They break through the staring crowd and Sherlock pitches to the right suddenly, down a thin alleyway. Without stopping, he lunges at a low wall, planting a hand on the brick and swinging himself over the top and dropping back down on the other side.
Sometimes, Enzo would squeeze Sherlock’s shoulder as he passed his chair where he was sat curled up reading a book. Sometimes it would be a ruffling of his curls. Or sometimes, if Sherlock was lucky, the man would lean over his shoulder to read a paragraph of his book, his hot breath caressing the skin of Sherlock’s neck.
John then noticed the small family watching them also. Sherlock deftly stepped back and towards them instead. The child’s parents began signing in unison, a perfect symmetry that John could only admire and Sherlock smiled at them with uncharacteristically warm eyes. Again, he spoke what he was signing as he replied, “You’re welcome. I’m glad he is safe.”
“He’s a troubled soul, that one,” she comments lowly, and John glances back at her. Her face is impassive, but her eyes portraying an emotion John can’t identify as they stare at the tall teen across the room.
“I prefer violin,” Sherlock replies, shifting uncomfortably before tucking a hand underneath himself and retrieving a metal flick lighter. He chucks it towards his pillow.
John had tried to rationalise what he wanted from his flatmate. But, quite simply, he didn’t know. He can’t deny that the memory of their kiss burned something deep and primal in his gut, a need so poignant that when he thinks of it he can’t breathe. But he also can’t deny that that desperate want comes hand in hand with a blinding terror. A snowball of what-ifs and buts.
John smiles, rather astonished Sherlock even knows who Bowie is considering he doesn’t ever seem to know who the current prime minister is. “Not necessarily a bad thing,” he comments.
Sherlock blinks at him slowly, looking a little baffled, but does as he’s told and leans backwards again on his hands, spread out and covered in sweat and semen.
“I’ll pop it in the machine for you,” she smiles, heading over to the door leading into a small utility room.
John crouches next to her, reaching out and feeling for the young man’s pulse. Its strong but rapid. He taps on a pale cheek gently with the back of his hand. “Jed? Can you hear me?”
"Damn bloody childish, inconsiderate..." John's angry muttering trails off into incoherent nonsense as he quickly skims through his files.
Sherlock had curled up in a fetal position, a strange sense of déjà vu accompanying the ache in his chest.
John lets out a breathless chuckle, shushing him with a press of teeth into his shoulder as he pumps two squirts of soap into his palm before pulling back and running his palm over Sherlock’s cock and then his own.
Alex is standing in the garden, face twisted and teeth bared as he pants heavily. He turns in a slow circle, as if sensing their presence. As he gradually twists his head in their direction, Sherlock and John dart behind the flaking wood. John can feel his heart in his throat, his pulse jumping with adrenaline and excitement. He glances behind them, where Victor is sat on the floor with a wide eyes. John shoots him a lopsided grin, and Victor shakes his head at him in dismay.
” John stops himself from finishing his sentence, but Mycroft turns to give him a penerative look anyway.
Sherlock opens his mouth to reply, but before he can utter a word a loud shout from down the street causes them all to look up.
Afterwards, when his sweat was cooling his flushed skin, he would roughly scrub himself off with an old t-shirt and then punch his pillow over and over again.
“Have you ever visited the Cutty Sark, John?” Eurus asks suddenly, head titled in his direction with a pleasant look.
John wasn’t like anyone Sherlock had ever met before, he was loyal from the start, protective and complementary in such a matter-of fact way that it had to be nothing but genuine. He was endlessly frustrated with Sherlock, calling him out without hesitation when Sherlock did something a bit not good, but he never left. Stormed out of the flat a few times, yes, but he always came back.
“This is John,” Evie begins, plopping down in a seat and the rest follow suit, “We found him in the park. He got mugged and hit on the head and now he can’t remember what year it is.”
“Fine. Everything’s fine,” John frowns a little. Sherlock doesn’t say anything, he looks a little confused as if there is no reason for John to be here unless he needed help. John feels a horrible pang in his stomach. Has it really been so long since they have seen each other? Have things really changed so much between them?
As if summoned by god himself, Emelia Holmes had entered the kitchen at that precise moment, hands filled with cotton shopping bags and a friendly smile on her face.
Sherlock jerks himself upright, scowling. “No. I can’t give them back because I don’t know where they are.”
“You do know there is CCTV back here right?” John asked, stepping around his friend to grab a box of sweets.
“Uh, gruff? Common,” Teddy stopped, brown eyes squinting, “No wait, one had an accent. Polish I think.”
“Hello to you too, little brother,” Mycroft quirks an eyebrow around the room before stepping inside and planting a kiss onto his mother’s smiling cheek.
John had then topped up Rudy’s wine glass in an act of solidarity, which distracted the man enough to turn his hard blue eyes away from Alfie’s face and begin a game of ‘Wine Connoisseurs’ with Sherlock, a game they apparently played
“Because no one knew of their relationship. Both parents are strict Catholics, and spend a lot of their time explaining how homosexuals are currently burning in hell on Facebook.”
John looked back at the small boy and gave him an encouraging smile, couldn’t imagine the terror of becoming lost and not being able to use his voice to call for his parents and hear their reassuring reply.  The child only had eyes for Sherlock though, who turned back to him and this time translated what he was signing as he did so. “We want to help you find them, will you come with us?”
But John isn’t just anyone. He doesn’t believe Sherlock. But how to explain that? How to explain that he can’t just let this go, that a large portion is due to a clenching cramp in his gut. How to explain,
Sherlock had thrown a new outfit at him when they had got home to change earlier in the day; tight black jeans and a plain grey t-shirt that clings to John’s torso like a second skin. Sherlock is adorned in something similar, but with a white t-shirt and an over-large, burgundy plaid shirt slung stylishly careless and open over the top with the sleeves rolled up halfway up his forearms. The overall look makes him look even bonier and ganglier than he is, but with a delicate and almost feminine air that John finds helplessly endearing.
Victor spins around, squinting. As the figure gets closer, John recognises with a start that it’s Sherlock, and his repeated bellow of ‘run! Run! RUN!’ gets louder and louder as he approaches.
John can feel Sherlock trembling under his hands, his previously hot skin cooling with his sweat under John’s touch. He runs his hands down to Sherlock’s belt, allowing his wandering fingers to dance across the swell of his arse with small subtle movements as the taller man pants into his ear.
“Sher-” John tries again. Stops. The eyes, similar colour, different face. John shakes his head to clear away the blurry edges of his vision. The movement sends a sharp stab of pain behind his eyes.
John huffs over his chuckling and rolls his eyes as he glances around for a tissue. After he’s wiped his hands and face, he grips Sherlock’s forearms and tugs him out of the sink.
"It's also a surprisingly effective stress relief." Teddy shrugs, throwing a look at Sherlock that John can only describe as
She had only found his body an hour ago and was still trembling from shock, and with her white curls and denim dungarees covered in soil, she had really
The bulk of the people milling about the shops had all seemed to be fairly young, wearing colourful mix-and-match clothing that reminded John of Camden or Brighton, where the entire essence of those places scream Vintage Bohemian, a trend that he recognises in the majority of the youth these days.
Thank you again for all your comments and so on and so forth, I love you all! Keep sending me your thoughts and predictions, I LOVE hearing them!
“Just repaying the favour.” Sherlock replied, smiling slightly as they both recalled when John punched that hideous inspector in the face after arresting Sherlock and calling him names.
“Oh, okay,” John mutters in surprise, taking a hasty step backwards and searching for Sherlock’s face with his eyes.
“Good, because you have no reason to be. Considering I haven't actually done anything wrong.” Sherlock glares at him and stomps over to his dresser.
“I tried that last night!” John exclaims, frustrated. He stops and tries to lower his voice again. “But he was already so angry with me then and now…” John scrubs a hand over his face.
The man rears back as if burned, staring at John with wide eyes, before promptly doubling over in a fit of deep laughter.
“Oh, thanks.” John takes a sip and watches as the elder Holmes reaches across the table to fill Sherlock’s glass too, who’s hardly touched the wine or the food, aimlessly twirling the pasta around and around his fork but never putting it into his mouth.
Mycroft scans his face for a few seconds before humming a small chuckle. “He holds quite an influence over you, I see. Although I cannot say I’m surprised, you do seem the type.”
It should have been awkward, the heavy tension as Rudy had stared down the glaring man with an impressive lack of emotion, if John didn’t absolutely
The afternoon passes surprisingly quickly, John’s initial awkwardness disappearing as soon as he re-entered the kitchen a few minutes after Mycroft. Sherlock and Rudy had immediately flown at him, as if waiting for his return, and dragged him into an argument about whether or not it takes seven years to digest chewing gum. Rudy was adamant that, ‘
Sherlock lets out a shaky exhale, eyes fixed firmly on rim of his glass, and he shifts his thighs wider a fraction. John bites hard at the inside of his cheek, reaching for his own glass with his free hand, fingers impossibly steady.
“I wanted to thank you again,” Teddy starts, “Without you those thugs wouldn’t be getting what they deserve. And I wouldn’t have my dad’s watch back.” He glances at his wrist, eyes shining in gratitude.
Her young face, cast in shadows, is eerily blank, pale eyes glittering at him in the moonlight. John swallows, it catches in his dry throat. As he opens his mouth to speak, she steps lazily away and silently leaves the room, closing the door with a soft click behind her.
I'm so sorry for the disgustingly long delay. I do, actually, have every intention of finishing this story. Even if for my own satisfaction alone. Life has completely caught up with me. I found myself in a very toxic situation that, luckily, I am getting out of in the next few weeks so I am finally positive enough to resume this.
There’s a distinct sound of shuffling feet outside, and John feels Sherlock tense against him. John darts a look around the shed, noticing an axe. He nudges Sherlock’s ribs and the boy looks at him. He nods towards the axe with a questioning look, and Sherlock follows his eyes. He looks back at John with a considering expression.
John squints at him, immediately suspicious. Lowers the mug before the hot liquid touches his mouth.
When he heard the deep chuckle on the other side of the wood, he had stumbled over to the door, reached for the knob, then simply held it. Rested his forehead against the wood.
Teddy treats Sherlock a bit like one would a child, humouring and gentle, as if Sherlock is something precious or delicate. To be honest, John finds it all rather condescending. Although, maybe that isn’t fair. Sherlock usually looks deeper into everything everyone ever says to him, as if expecting to find a subtle insult. Which means if there is an insult hidden beneath surgery words, he will always pick up on it. He doesn’t with Teddy, so John forces himself to admit that maybe he’s just hearing what he wants to hear. Why he wants to hear Teddy insulting Sherlock, he isn’t entirely sure. As that is a bit mental. It isn’t so much wanting Teddy to
The night did have some true highlights that still make John chuckle now: dragging a petulant Sherlock away from a fight about ash of all things, stumbling down the street arm in arm and singing an old folk song they somehow both knew the words to, Sherlock’s baffled expression when a young man asked him to dance approximately two seconds before they realised they were in a gay bar, then the young man’s baffled face when John had grabbed Sherlock’s arm and tugged him abruptly away, Sherlock slurring about something or other while their bodies pressed warmly together on the foot of the stairs, Sherlock’s softly lit face smiling across at John from his chair with his own name framed by his curly fringe on his forehead, Sherlock shouting at a stranger to not contaminate the crime scene before throwing up all over the carpet, giggling helplessly as Greg shoved them both into the back of his police car... All distorted memories, one overtaking the other like a badly edited film.
Sherlock tilts his head back to see where John is pointing. “Yep.” He dangles one arm off his bed and reaches under it, producing an old tome and begins flicking through it. Probably another item he stole from his place of work.
“Someone better start explaining in the next two seconds, or no one is leaving this house with fully functioning limbs.”
He had exclaimed in incredulity. He turned back to Sherlock still smiling, “How!? How on earth did you know all that?”
“Alright?” John had smiled cheerfully up at him, before smashing his fist into the man’s large face, knocking him flat. He was still smiling, that beautiful smile he does when he’s
They find themselves in a garden, a child’s swing in one corner. Sherlock sprints to the other side towards another low wall, jumps over it too.
John opens his mouth but nothing comes out. For the first time since he woke up under that tree, John is overcome with the desire to tell Sherlock
,” Victor nods slowly, looking like he half-believes him. But he takes a quick peek into the mug, seems satisfied enough, then collapses onto the bed too, sitting cross-legged at the foot.
“Must extend my gratitude towards those thugs too, of course,” Teddy smirks, “Otherwise I would never have met
Teddy stops by the front door, “I’ll pop round after I’ve been to the station tomorrow if that’s okay? Just to say goodbye. I’ll be heading back home in the afternoon.”
“Erm, I don’t know…I could just tell? Two pairs of hands, two voices...” Teddy had trailed off, still staring at Sherlock as if not quite understanding what he was looking at.
Suddenly, the loud bang of a car backfiring, nearly identical to a gunshot, causes John to jump violently. The tender flesh of his temple collides with the harsh wooden corner of the cabinet before his body slips completely off the mattress. The world goes black before he hits the floor.
Guilt and confusion slams into his gut just as Sherlock’s eyes open and flick down to him in question.
Sherlock doesn’t tell him about Serbia that night. About how he can’t sleep for more than two hours before he wakes himself up because he’s screaming, or because he’s raised a hand to defend himself and knocked over a glass, the resulting smash like a gunshot or a crack of a belt in his mind.
When John captures his wrists and pins them to the wall, Sherlock lets out a small whine and John almost collapses at the sound. He grinds up against Sherlock, hard and aching and Sherlock arches his back off the wall.
And so, John had shrugged his ignorance and sipped at the wine Mr Holmes had handed him with a pat on his arm.
Suddenly feeling like he is intruding on something, John turns away and makes his way into the living room, collapsing on the sofa with a sigh. He purposefully doesn’t look towards the kitchen where he can hear another of Teddy’s deep chuckles and turns on the TV.
They’re wandering aimlessly down the high street once more, Victor in a particularly perky mood. Sherlock sunk into a deep sulk pretty much as soon as they had left the house a little while ago, and John is half-tempted to join him. A vague air of frustration lingers in John’s veins, his body irritated at the interruption earlier even if he feels like he should be a bit relieved.
Greg flicks his eyes between John and Sherlock, throws the former a knowing smirk and clears his throat.
“Amnesia!? How fascinating,” the man cries, still holding onto John tightly. “I’ll have to pick your brains when we get a free moment,” he says, prodding a sparkling finger at John’s undamaged temple.
Sherlock doesn’t seem to hear him, dropping all the weight of his arms into John’s grasp as he continues to move manically in time with the music.
Sherlock is lying in a heap on the ground, eyelids quivering as he struggles to take short shallow breaths.
"Oh, when you accused me of taking advantage of a good friend of yours who was recently attacked?" Sherlock asks, his voice causal but eyes cold.
He hates it, hates to admit it now more than ever, just how much he needs his friend. Left alone with no one but a young child depending on him. And Sherlock, for fucks sake
It’s been two weeks since Teddy left. Two weeks since John had kissed the bruise he inflicted on Sherlock’s skin.
“Shh,” Sherlock murmurs, pushing John backwards by his shoulders until John is laying flat on the floor. He kisses John’s collar bones, scraping his teeth against them teasingly.
The man didn’t even blink. “Nothing like a bit of healthy competition,” he had drawled, leaning forward to breathe stale breath across Sherlock’s face. “Come dance with me.” He took a quick step into Sherlock’s space, reaching behind him to grab a hand at Sherlock’s arse.
Once, a young boy whose name Sherlock couldn’t remember, asked the grumpy boy if he wanted to play pirates during playtime. Sherlock had been
John follows Sherlock down the street for a few yards before he turns and heads down the front path of one of the still-standing houses. As he reaches a long hand out to push open the broken front door, John snags his wrist.
“Yeah, think it must have been your sister. I hope so, anyway, or I think maybe we should be calling the police.” John lets out a nervous laugh.
Rudy lets out a deep chuckle, murmuring something unintelligible into her ear as he squeezes her tightly to his chest.
“Thank you John,” Rachel taps lightly with her fingers, causing John to look down at the hand on his leg before up at her face. He feels a strong urge to slap the hand away.
“John, you are experiencing hallucinations due to a rather severe fever. You ought to go back to bed,” Sherlock stated calmly and clearly. John was not impressed.
"What is this place? Is it for a case?" John asks, stepping on dusty floorboards that look like carpet was aggressively wrenched from its grasp going by the scrapes and scuffs.
They grin at each other, then Sherlock is leaning down and pressing his lips against John’s and it tastes of sweet honey and perfection.
“Or should I say; not so little anymore! My, you look like a greyhound. Get him to the races Will!” The man laughs loudly at his joke, placing one hand on top of Sherlock’s head and sliding it across the air to line up to the bridge of his own nose, going cross-eyed in the process. “Almost, almost.”
The man, Toby, glances back at her and John sees him shake his head a little. He looks back to John.
Sparks fly across John’s vision, and when his hand has stilled and all he can hear is the panting of his own breath, he realises that he has slumped forward and is resting his head against Sherlock’s chest.
After Teddy had left, John had emerged from his room an hour later. Sherlock had been in the living room, curled up in his chair and reading a book. He hadn’t acknowledge the doctor. It had been tense, both following each other’s movements in the corner of their eyes but not saying a word. John had made tea, placing a mug next to the brunette, a silent peace offering. Sherlock didn’t touch it, left it to go cold. In the end, he had retreated into his room, and the chance of reconciliation had passed.
John sucks his bottom lip into his mouth, closing his eyes as his mind goes blissfully blank. Doesn’t fully register Sherlock’s kisses lowering onto his chest, his stomach, his hip, until slender fingers begin fluttering over the waistband of his pajama bottoms.
“Will you help me find him? Please?” She's stopped crying now, thankfully, and John can't help but glare a bit at her turned back.
The blonde answers for her, “No. He was kinda drifting off for a few seconds before he fell, sort of stumbled down and I caught him.”
Sherlock smiles, lopsided, and holds open the door as Molly stumbles in after him. He leads her over to their table and Teddy looks up.
Suddenly, the sharp sound of the door handle twisting causes both boys to start violently, and Sherlock rips his hand away as John dives upright, heart in his throat and rapidly scrambling away. Sherlock sits up quickly, staring at the door with wide eyes as they both pant as quietly as possible.
Much like with the former task, Sherlock at first put every effort into performing his role perfectly. The old ladies loved him, the building site workers thought he was hilarious, young women and men batted their lashes at him as he smiled charmingly while asking if they needed a bag. And then, much like with the former task, Sherlock got bored and seemed to adopt trying to deliberately wind up the customers. Every time John looked over at his friend, he was asking an old man for ID, or holding up a ten pound note up to the light with suspicious eyes while a teenager squirmed in front of a growing queue.
John ignored him, instead pecking out some bland little lies letter by letter onto his keyboard. God, it’d be quicker if he’d chosen to write out the blog entry by hand one thousand, eight hundred and ninety-five times, tied it to the feet of one thousand, eight hundred and ninety-five pigeons and flew them out to his readers. Although it would’ve been a tad embarrassing when ten of those pigeons circled back around to their front door. Eleven, actually. Mrs. Hudson reads the blog too.
“Glad to hear it.” Sherlock replied as John walked off to fetch their lunch. Once he was out of ear shot he mumbled something under his breath. “Happy birthday.”
John felt suddenly that he’d said something massively stupid, but he wasn’t entirely sure what. Then he realized. It was pretty much every word that had left his mouth that night. “You’re gay?”
“But you still have to get permission to cross the threshold of a dwelling in which a vampire resides from the owner of the dwelling and Mrs. Hudson has been out for the past week.”
“Well that went well.” John smirked, trailing behind the detective as he swept stormily down the street.
"Shit," The writer muttered to herself. There was nothing left to write. No words that had yet been unspoken. No ideas that hadn't been thoroughly used and abused and tossed aside like a sticky condom. It was as if the universe had run out of ideas. As if life itself had run dry.
Sherlock was sitting cross-legged against the other pillow with the light of a laptop shining in his face. He hit the spacebar and the sounds of gunfire stopped. “Watching Netflix. Sorry, action movies weren’t the best choice. I’ll put on a documentary.”
John was disgusted. It sounded like Sherlock was praising this 'muse' killer. He circled around the victim, taking in the sight like a connoisseur tasting wine. Looking at her as if the poor, unfortunate victim of this brutal act was nothing more than what the murderer had made her into. His eyes gleamed like the edge of a newly sharpened knife. He stalked around the small, clumsily decorated bedroom like a shadow, searching through everything but disturbing nothing. The harsh lights deepened the shadows of his face, the stark contrast making his pale face into something more than human. John was fascinated. And suddenly very aware that he was standing in a room with a vampire and quite a lot of blood.
“I think I’ll make tea, you want a cup?” Sherlock asked, uncurling himself. He would’ve liked to administer it the old fashion way, by mouth. Or perhaps even the Victorian way, curled up in each other’s arms reveling in the sheer joy of shared body fluids. But he doubted John would be up for that.
Sherlock took a deep breath, gradually releasing the padlock of deeply rusted iron wrapped tight around his throat. He took another, letting sound and feeling trickle through like sputtering brown water from old pipes, gradually getting clearer. He thought of all the years he’d left behind. All of the familiar names lost to disease, injury and time. And all of the vaguely familiar faces he’d never bothered to put names to for simplicity’s sake. He thought of all the half-lived lifetimes he’d survived through, just drifting by on the razors edge of a dead name and a line of cocaine.
“So… how long have you been a vampire?” John asked the first thing that came to mind. It wasn’t exactly the best choice for an attempt to act normal. But it was something.
"There's a child." Sherlock murmured again, this time John was close enough to hear and he paused in surprise.
Sherlock reads something in his gaze and lets out a slow breath that dances over the doctor's face. His pale eyes glance down to John’s mouth momentarily and he sways forward slightly. John's heart picks up and he takes a step into Sherlock's space. Their chests brush.
“Shut up, John,” Sherlock snaps, mouth twitching at the corners. He tries to heave himself out of the sink, promptly falling back on his arse with a huff, arms weak and still trembling slightly.
John reaches down to capture those thin wrists in his hands and pulls them from his body, turning in the circle of Sherlock arms before placing them back on his hips with a smirk. He casts an approving eye down Sherlock lithe figure, the shirt he was wearing now tied loosely around the narrow hips, the weight causing his jeans to hang low and allowing those sharp hip-bones to peek out over the top of the material.
John tunes out the shaking brunette girl who had stolen Sherlock away from him not ten minutes before, brushes past her without a glance as he dives past the frozen bodies.
“Open your eyes and I’ll rule out the hospital,” John says, holding out a hand to halt Toby’s struggle to retrieve his leg.
In the end, Sherlock was banned from the shop floor and was made to work stock out back, which is where John found him a week into their case, sitting on the floor scrolling through his phone.
In the end, it was Enzo who got Sherlock to end his week-long isolation. He knocked on the door and Sherlock, thinking it was Mycroft yet again, had shouted
Mycroft scoffs delicately. “Why on earth would I have people spying on my little brother?” he asks in a condescending tone. “Who lives at home, with his family and friends?”
go to the loo or if he fled to his room. He only has to ponder for a second, when he hears the tell-tell sound of a toilet flushing to his left and then the sound of running water.
John is about to speak but Sherlock beats him to it. “I fell in the shower this morning. It’s nothing.”
“Christ, be careful,” John mutters, suitably impressed. Sherlock’s trembling has definitely decreased, the stretches and casual exercise loosening his cramped muscles.
“How the hell has no one made that connection?” John demanded, unconvinced the police could be so dense.
“Be careful yeah? Lots of dodgy people in clubs these days. Make sure you’re keeping a keen eye on your drinks, kids.” The man winks at them, smiling nastily before disappearing back inside.
“I don’t know what happened last night, but you need to make it right.” His voice is low and angry. “I understand Sherlock can be difficult, but whatever he did, he didn’t deserve that.” He indicates to his own cheek and John grimaces.
“Oh, are they yours, John?” She asks, deftly plucking the bundle back out of John’s hands when he shoots a glare over his shoulder at her son, who’s plopped down opposite Victor and has stolen his untouched tea.
” Her voice breaks on the word and John closes his eyes. When he opens them again, Sherlock is watching him. John turns away and follows his ex to where she is kneeling next to a prone figure spread out on a mattress, hands hovering over his face but not daring to touch.
“Just-for helping. For not turning me away after…” she trails off and looks at John a little imploringly.
“But-will he be alright?” John asked as Lestrade shut the door. “He won’t… lose consciousness and drown?”
"Mrs. Hudson's been kicking up a fuss because you don't have rent." John said pointedly, shocked that he didn’t see the financial state they were in as dire. When he first moved in, he was given the impression that Sherlock had exactly the sort of inexhaustible wealth one might expect from an immortal being of myth. But as the months went on, it became more and more apparent that his monetary wealth comes and goes with all the predictability of the average tornado.
John took it, watching with fascination as the dim light of the lamp dripped off the edge. "You just asked me to cut myself while under the influence of... something. You do realize this is absolutely mad, right?"
Sherlock flashed the kind of grin he usually reserved for crime scenes. John got the brief touch of arrhythmia that usually only happened at crime scenes. “But in all seriousness, giving over a pint of blood in your first go was not the brightest idea.”
After he felt he’d collected enough of the nightshades to thoroughly experiment with at home, he made his way back to his horse. It’d be best to ride back as soon as possible, while all of the plant matter was still fresh. He’d like to know exactly how the state of the plants effected their potency. But when he opened up his saddlebags to put away his specimens he realized he wasn’t ready to go back just yet. Something about this place felt… right. And besides, it would be nice to put off the inevitable boorish lecture from Mycroft for just another hour longer.
He walked into a promising portion of the forest, where the trees grew close, casting deep shadows. He found that the most interesting things often were found in dark places. It seemed today, he was particularly correct. Within 20 minutes, he found a couple plants that are known to cause some interesting patterns of skin irritation under the right circumstances and one whose berries could induce uncontrollable bouts of diarrhea. Then, after he’d scavenged enough specimens to kill his horse in a variety of fascinating ways, he’d found it.
“That too.” Lestrade smirked over the rim of his glass of orange juice. He lowered the glass, squinting philosophically at the pulpy fluid “It’s like… coming out of a cinema to find that half your day is over. And it didn’t feel at all like that much time had passed.”
“Well, I’m hardly going to run about london in my dressing gown, am I?” He retorted over his shoulder.
Sherlock took a moment to preen before lifting his violin back up to his chin to play a light, fluffy melody. John shook his head in amusement and finished his breakfast in a contented, music induced haze. The events of yesterday floated through his mind like the memory of a dream. Setting up elaborate traps, sprinting through dark alleyways, being kidnapped by strange men spouting stranger warnings. How could it be anything but a dream?
"That's the thing about Vampires. They've got wisdom and power and beauty spanning the centuries, but with it comes an awkward adolescent phase several generations long." She chuckled in that light, airy way of hers that instantly eliminated any trace of weight which could've been in her words. John never really paid much attention to Mrs. Hudson. She had always been the nice old lady who seemed exactly like the grandmother everyone is convinced everyone else has. But now he found himself wondering exactly how she got herself caught up in this mess.
“Some reports of satanic activity. Symbols painted in red paint. Rudimentary altars built in various locations. The killing of small animals. The police aren’t concerned and frankly, if it were anywhere else, it’d be below a 4 at best.” He sighed, words falling in between strokes of a nude lipstick, just half a shade pinker than his skin tone.
"Oh, I wish you wouldn't. I mean, tracking her down through her friends.... It's a bit creepy, isn't it?" Sherlock said with a self-deprecating chuckle. John could just imagine the fake puppy dog smile he must've slapped on like a halloween mask. He rolled his eyes harder.
“Watch him for me.” Mycroft briefly grimaced at his lack of thought in his wording. “Just, look after him. He seems incapable of doing it himself, yesterday’s events made that clear.”
Mycroft snapped his pocketwatch shut with a click like teeth on bone. "Ignore my brother, he has the absolute worst opinion of me.”
John woke up to the sound of violin music seeping up through the floor, thick and raw like honey right off the comb. He moved to haul himself out of bed and immediately regretted it. His muscles felt like rubber bands all stretched to their limits over a bonfire. The early morning light bypassed his eyeballs entirely and burn straight through the back of his skull. It felt like his second day of bootcamp all over again, except this time around he was trapped in the body of a useless, broken old man.
John laughed. It was as if he had walked into a cheesy spy movie. He was tempted to ask the man if he owned a white cat. “Is that a threat?”
Also, I've really been into Xena: Warrior Princess lately and have been doing quite a bit of writing for that fandom as well. (I love you Sherlockians, but the Xenites are in dire need of me. They are woefully lacking in ficcery.{they don't even have harry potter aus}) So that might also effect my updating frequency.
“I kept as many out as I could, but I’m afraid with a small town like ours news travels quickly…” Greenfield sighed, leading them towards the smooth white stone standing vertically in the clearing. Most of the blood was centered around or on it. “Strange activity has been going on for months now, but this is the fifth event of its kind in as many weeks. It’s hard to pin down exactly what’s being caused by rebellious teenagers, what’s hype, what might be something serious, and whether or not any of these factors might be influencing the others. So anything you could do to give the matter some clarity would be much appreciated.”
"He does that. Terrible social skills." Sherlock shot a biting smirk at his brother who returned it with a scowl.
“Constantly?” John paused, listening carefully for something beyond the noise of the street. “I don’t hear anything from you.”
“You mortals never understand.” Sherlock made an attempt at condescension but in the end it just sounded sad.
“It’s fine, really. I didn-“John made an attempt to brush the topic aside, sensing an oncoming uncomfortable situation.
“That’s not going to do anything, John!” Sherlock shouted in a desperate attempt to get him to stop.
It was good, though. Sherlock needed this. He was obviously worn down to the bone and this was probably his first time actually sleeping in weeks. John didn’t care how different his biology was, he needed actual sleep occasionally. Everything does.
"Of course," John sighed, shoving the various plates haphazardly into the safest parts of the fridge that he could manage. The army doctor then took his laptop from where it was charging on the coffee table and opened it as he settled into a chair by the fireplace. Now was as good a time as ever to write up a blog entry.
“You know what I could really use right now?” Sherlock sighed, curled up in an improbably small ball in his PJs and one of his more decadent satin dressing gowns. Nothing hits the spot quite like the blood of someone who truly wants you to have it. He wasn’t entirely sure if it was something about the chemical make-up of the blood itself or the psychological effect of having someone sacrifice something so vital to their existence so willingly that made it so damn satisfying, but he honestly couldn’t remember the last time a meal felt that good. He took a deep breath as his stomach rumbled, reminding him of the heat still inside him, still waiting to be assimilated into his body. “A cigarette.”
Sherlock shrugged. “She reeks of conspiracy theorist. She’d have trusted a nameless organization over me any day of the week. I can’t have her talking about us helping her, either. We abandoned the case, remember? This way, we’re just tourists who may or not have connections.”
"No, dear. It is not.” Mrs. Hudson cooed gently, flitting into the living room to set a bowl of fresh fruit on top of the pile of clutter on top of the coffee table. She quickly swooped around Sherlock’s chair to peck a kiss on his cheek. “But I’m glad you enjoyed yourself.”
“Oh yes. All vampires have a secondary pair of vocal chords which are constantly vibrating. It’s entirely subconscious, influenced mainly by emotional state. But there are other factors which can affect it. Temperature, certain drugs, respiratory illnesses...”
Lestrade shook his head. “Either an individual disconnects from their family to enter into service or they’re raised in a family of blood servants.”
2) His therapist had enough ideas about the state of his psyche without him ranting about his vampiric roommate's rivalry with his overbearing older brother who happened to own most of london.
“You didn’t think I slept in the burrow fully clothed, did you? It’s fairly clean, for a hole in the ground, but it’s still a hole in the ground.” John continued grumbling over the sound of splashing water as he washed up. “What’s that on your back? It looks like you’ve grown a second head.”
“You aren’t seriously going to ask me to take the case, are you?” Sherlock asked once the made it out of earshot.
“It’s Sherlock.” John said immediately, the second he picked up the phone. “Something's… the matter with him. He hasn't moved from the sofa for days.”
They met the kidnappers about 15 minutes later in the back seat of Lestrade's car. They were communicating through an intricate series of videos uploaded to youtube from an undisclosed location. The detective and the doctor were quickly shown the first few videos, all of a man in a black ski mask but occasionally featuring a pair of twin girls. Nothing could be clearly distinguished from any of the videos except the girls. They were displayed like jewelry in a window. Always well-lit and posed.
"... I was going to say 'you showing off'." John finished, stifling a smile when Sherlock mouthed an embarrassed 'oh' and suddenly became very interested in the menu. Again.
The crime scene wasn’t nearly as dramatic as the crowd of police cars might have suggested. No body, no murder weapon, no elaborate display, just a slab of stone and a lot of blood. In fact, it was rather tame compared to what they usually get. He wasn’t even sure if it warranted such a massive crowd of investigators and police officers and even a few firemen. For all anyone knew, the blood came from an injured sheep. It was reckless to cause such a panic so early.
“John-“ Mr Watson spurs upwards, ready to tend to his son, but John pushes him backwards which causes him to slam back into the corner of the table.
“Sienna found out about the crossdressing.” Sherlock states, flicking a pea with his fork at Mycroft which hits him directly between the eyes. The elder brother rolls his eyes before turning back to his father. “Was it during the vows or the best man’s speech?” Sherlock looks between his parents. “The vows.”
“Drugs?” Mrs Hudson asked, shutting the door and strolling back into the living. Sherlock had entered his bedroom, retrieving his blue dressing gown before returning and lolling back on the sofa.
I was out of the front door immediately. It's funny how when you are faced with a situation like that, you don't think directly about what is happening. Stupid things that have no meaning or relation to what you're doing at that minute race through your mind.
Suddenly I can hear screams and there are people outside of the car, trying their hardest to rip the doors open. John has slumped forward, his chest resting on    of the metal that has pierced through his body. I am in complete and utter agony; my legs won't move, my back feels like it is being crushed and my head is spinning uncontrollably.
Harry’s face adopted a distressed expression but she managed to pull herself together in an instant.
"How much do you remember?" I ask him, careful not to reveal too much until Dr Pace can explain it properly. He will understand it all already, of course. He's probably spoken the exact words to his patients which Dr Pace will say to him. I inwardly cringe at the thought.
Sherlock only smirks at John and takes his hand before grabbing his shoulders and gesturing him towards the door. “Don’t ask questions.”
“You’re an idiot. How do you think mother would feel if I had to tell her that you had died? Father? How do you think he would feel?”
Patricia’s friendly persona faltered and she was left staring at Sherlock, confused, frustrated and just a tad angry. “I’ve no idea where you have got this information from or who gave it to you-“
"I am truly sorry for what happened to John." He says. At first I think he's being sarcastic because he never shows any emotions, but when I look up, I realise he is being sincere.  "No one should have to suffer what you've gone through, brother mine."
"We were engaged." I say to him, avoiding eye contact. "Three days before the accident, I proposed to him. He said yes."
“Hopefully this medication will kick in before I try to sleep.” John yawned and Sherlock knew exactly what he meant. No matter how hard John tried to disguise it, Sherlock knew that the PTSD was coming back. Exactly what he had feared.
John bowed his head forward, nuzzling his face into the bulge in Sherlock's underwear and causing a surprised gasp from Sherlock's throat. "Yes, John. Oh God."
"How long?" Sherlock's voice is as equally unsteady. But there's no answer because there is suddenly the constant whir of the siren, Sherlock's face isn't above him (and that isn't right because Sherlock needs to be with him) and a woman is there, shining a light in his eyes whilst another pair of hands are applying pressure to his wound. There is a mask on his face.
Sympathy flooded through me as I met his eyes with my own. They looked so sad, so hurt. He didn't deserve the pain that he was suffering, my sweet, amazing John. Seeing him in so much emotional agony was torturous. Knowing that I could do nothing to help him made the pain all the more real.
"Abdominal trauma caused by a single gunshot wound. I'm almost certain that there's major internal bleeding. If he isn't in a hospital soon he is going to die, Sherlock."
“Have you been having any nightmares recently? Flashbacks? It’s very common in people suffering from PTSD to experience these sort of things.”
“You’re a bit of a romantic, aren’t you?” John chuckled as he ran his fingers through the crispy leaves on the ground. He picked one up and twiddled it between his fingers.
"You do realise that I wasn't the one who got shot, right?" John rolled his eyes, shifting himself in his bed slightly before letting out a small gasp of pain.
"I'm not sure I understand why-" The girl who was leading the conversation started to get defensive as she pulled her shoulders back, looking me directly in the eyes. I cut her off before she could finish her sentence.
That grabbed Mr Watson's attention. He stopped the physical attack and turned to Sherlock, allowing John enough time to dart upwards and away from his father.
We stay like that for minutes, a silence penetrating the air, engulfing us. The only sound is my ragged breath as I try to console myself again, but it's futile.
John's father comes over too and the three of us stand together like that, wrapped in each other's arms. It must have been about three minutes before Mr Watson speaks, saying to me, "he was so grateful for you, Sherlock."
I turn the corner and almost collide into Dr Pace who is walking quickly, a clipboard held tightly in her hands. She steadies herself and looks up to me. There is a spark in her eyes, despite the tiredness that is evident from the bags underneath them. She clearly enjoys her job, although she does get extremely tired. Immediately her lips take on a sympathetic smile as she says, "Ah, Mr Holmes. I was just coming to talk to you, actually. Would you mind if we go somewhere that is a little more quiet?"
He sits there, beneath the tree that they decided would be their spot, and gazes out over the tranquil expanse of water that has taken on an orange tint as it reflects the beautiful colours of the sunset. A single cigarette rests on top of his bottom lip, held in place by the upper lip which John dubbed as Sherlock's 'Cupid Bow'. Embers of ash crumble off the edge of the cigarette, burning out before they have a chance to land on Sherlock's trousers.
The young man sighs, tilting his head back as a cloud of smoke escapes his mouth, dancing as it makes its way up into the air before vanishing from sight completely. The grey is a stark contrast against the pastels of the sky, disturbing the calmness as it poisons the sky with its fumes. Sherlock cannot help but laugh.
I press my eyes together and shake my head, unwilling to accept that. How had he not died on impact?
"Fucking your son, yes. Being a fag, no." Sherlock glared, his eyes never leaving those of Mr Watson. The latter clenched his fists, the knuckles turning a ghastly white as his face turned an even deeper shade of red.
John doesn’t hesitate to intertwine Sherlock’s hair around his fingers and pull him closer, seeking the warmth of Sherlock’s body against his. He can feel Sherlock’s tongue trace his bottom lip, can feel the heat permeate throughout his mouth as their mouths open and the kisses become more desperate.
Sherlock squeezes his hand more tightly around John’s and lifts it up, pressing the back of it to his lips. “You’re going to get through this.” Sherlock says, a determination to his voice that makes John believe what he is saying. “I know you will. I can’t imagine you’ll be wanting to stay with your dad too often so the offer is always open to stay at mine. My parents have no worries about you staying over whenever you need to. They too have your best interests at heart.”
Behind me I could hear the sounds of bullets being fired from machine guns, ripping through the air and into the bodies of our enemies. I snapped on some gloves and began applying pressure to his chest wound using a thick gauze swab from my medical kit.
"Shut up, James. Just- don't speak to my son like that." Mrs Watson had placed her hand on John's shoulder, slowly placing herself in front of him. To protect him. Her husband only laughed.
"No. Thank fuck for that. He's out drinking all night for some celebration with his dickhead friends. We should at least get two days of peace and quiet." An emotionless chuckle escaped her mouth before she pressed her hand to her face, a whimper escaping her. "I fucking hate him, John."
he thinks, or, he would do if he had any rational thought left in him. If he could think properly, he would be remembering the correct methods used to minimise the impact of a gunshot wound. But no. All he's thinking now is
“I’m more of a morgue type of person. Hospitals always make you ask questions: will he make it? Will she pull through? At least with morgues you know there’s no hope for the person.”
And it’s as if they are both thinking the same thing because suddenly Sherlock’s hands are cupping his jaw and his mouth is pressed to John’s
Having decided that the session was over, John picked up his cane and limped over to the door. “See you next week.”
An audible gasp escaped Sherlock's mouth as he was welcomed by the sight of John's chest, a light scattering of pale hair dusting over the toned, muscled body. John smirked as he slowly began fingering the buttons of Sherlock's plum coloured shirt, leaving the taller boy breathing heavily as his fingers twitched nervously on the mattress.
After coming down the stairs, Sherlock quickly received his freshly cleaned clothes from the airer in the hallway and dressed, before helping himself to a cup of coffee. Molly was already in the kitchen. Going by the fact that she was wearing the same clothes as yesterday and had her hair in the exact same style, Sherlock soon realised that she had not gone to sleep last night at all.
"We were able to successfully resuscitate John and once he was stabilised we were able to do some scans to see if there was any internal damage." My hands feel clammy and I wipe them on my thighs.
My heart drops and I feel sick. I knew this time would come, there would only be so much time that it would be beneficial for him, but the feeling still hits me like a punch to the gut.
“Give you a break?” John averts his attention from the floor to his father, and for the briefest of moments he feels a small jab of sympathy for the man opposite him. He’s clearly not sleeping. His eyes tell of nights spent lying awake, contemplating the events that have occurred over the past three weeks. John knows that this is what his father has been doing because he is the mirror image of how John looks and feels. All too soon, however, the pang of guilt for partially causing his father to be like this relinquishes, and John is overcome with anger. The expression his father is giving him- pleading, desperation for all of this to
I am unable to reply, too afraid of my voice breaking, and I just nod as I hug the two of them tighter.
“He’s in good hands.” Molly rubbed her hand across Sherlock’s shoulder, doing anything she could to be as comforting as possible. Despite not wanting to admit it, Sherlock did appreciate Molly’s concern. He definitely wasn’t going to get it from Mycroft.
“Lestrade. If you don’t-“ However, Sherlock didn’t manage to finish his sentence as Lestrade pulled the handcuffs backwards, in turn bringing his arm back, and pushed him against the wall so that his face was pressed against it.
Sherlock picks up the list- there’s always a list- and drags himself over to the window, paper crumpled in hand, and pulls himself up from the ground to look at the stars. He wants an escape. The paper drops and his knees give way before him and once again he’s on the floor, convulsing.
I was sitting beside him and holding his hand, caressing my thumb over his skin. Mrs Watson was beside me and holding onto my other hand, doing exactly the same to me as I was to him. And just like that, the calmness of the situation was disrupted and machines were beeping, his entire body was convulsing and I was being dragged out by a nurse, being told that I shouldn't watch what was happening to him and they needed the space.
Sherlock stood, holding his hand out to the doctor for another shake. “Yes, thank you. Thank you very much, Dr Holden.”
