“So we’re going with divine intervention,” he says as Steve keeps at the same tortuous speed. “I love you, and I know you’re insane, but you’re really chalking this up to some higher power?”
Rogers turns to go, but stops.
It takes a while before Steve feels like he can control himself enough to go over and talk without exploding.
Elliot stares, wide-eyed and impressed even when - “What’s a particle accelerator?”
He smokes the cigar and drinks the whiskey, and when he’s finished, he wanders outside to the snow-blanketed courtyard. It doesn’t take Peggy very long to find him, to see the tears in his eyes.
The spot immediately goes cold, providing just enough clarity for Steve to dig uselessly for any kind of response.
“It’s like there’s more,” Steve manages when Tony thinks that maybe they’re getting somewhere. “You’re so close, it’s so good, please know that. It’s so good Tony, you’re almost there. I’m so full, but I just need a little more.”
“Tell me what you think has changed,” Steve slides in, taking care to keep his voice as buttery as the leather up onto which Tony has pulled his legs. The glass of water remains untouched, a small pool of condensation circling the base. “Why do you think you’ve been offered this opportunity now, rather than, say, six years ago?”
It’s the last straw, really. Tony feels his throat grow thick as he thinks of hugging Steve goodbye at the platform, of the distorted childhood memories, of his parents dying and the most unexpected man instilling within him a sense of hope that he hadn’t known how desperately he needed at the time. He starts to think of what could have been, but then Steve presses a barely-there kiss to the side of his head, mostly catching hair, and he knows he wouldn’t go back and change a damn thing, and he
“Of course he will,” Steve says because he remembers coming out of the ice and knows what he is going to want to do. It might have been a lifetime ago, but Steve knows himself now, better than he ever had before.
“You’ve got a shitty poker face,” Christine informs him, glancing over. “Are you really telling me you wouldn't sleep with him, given the chance? I’ve heard he does swing that way. Occasionally.”
a neatly nondescript entry in his contacts list, and vacillates.
“You can bring her back for dinner,” Tony says, and Steve collapses onto the couch. By the time his embarrassment has ebbed, Tony’s doing the same, a safe distance away. “Tell me you and your super-soldier hearing missed that entire conversation.”
So Tony stays, readjusting his hold on Steve until he’s working him with any vestiges of technique he might no longer possess. He swipes a thumb over the head, feels the weeping slit and can’t believe how much there is to ease the way, and it doesn’t take very much for Steve to come after that. Tony does his best to commit it to memory: the sharp pleasure-pain of overstimulation as Steve’s every muscle contracts, the screwed-up ecstasy overtaking his features, the white-hot spurt of spend between his fingers.
“Some things never change,” Steve tells him, and then hangs up.
“...So I’m thinking we reframe the narrative,” Pierce is saying as Steve blinks back to the present, tuning out the Audi commercial now playing. “‘Stark’s Last 48 Hours.’” Pierce holds out demonstrative hands, and Steve can’t believe what he’s hearing. “We’ll gussy it up, talk about being the last ones in with him. What do you think?”
“I won’t do that to you,” he vows.
They cross paths very, very sparingly.
“I thought interrupting was my thing,” he struggles out eventually, and Tony’s mouth tips up into Steve’s favorite category of smile. There’re more lines on his face than ever, permanent and deeper set amongst the salt-flecked pepper of his visage. Tony isn’t some youthful playboy anymore, and Steve is no longer a mulishly starry-eyed idealist. He does his best to scrounge up a smile to reciprocate with. It feels somewhat hollow, weighed down with disappointment at the same time, but it must be enough as Tony’s grows soft.
“As if any dollar amount in the world would be enough to retain one,” Tony says dismissively. “Anyway, as I was saying, back to your ass and its - ”
It’s a confession Steve didn’t expect, and he struggles for a moment. The Maria he hadn’t really known in either universe had never seemed particularly maternal, and he doesn’t understand Tony’s deep-reaching longing for her, but he does know that it isn’t for him to understand. He wants to wrap Tony’s hand in his, but merely exhales and says, “I’m sorry, Tony. I know how much she meant to you.”
The third time's a charm, he knows, even before he can open his eyes again.
It’s too fast, and Steve trips over himself to keep the call from ending.
The megawatt smile is back, then, as Tony opens the door enough for a person to fit through.
There’s a fluidity to his bones that gives it away, even if he’s not yet quite identified what “it” is. He will, soon. For now, all he knows is that he feels incorporeal and unearthly. It’s different from the lightness he’d gotten used to at the end there which had been less spiritual and more physical in nature.
Tony makes a noise, somewhere between thoughtful and deprecating.
He shakes his head and passes the cigarette back.
Or close enough to it, anyway.
He always shakes his head.
And that just about cleaves Tony’s heart in half.
“Me, Nat, Sam. Wanda, Vision, Rhodes.”
There’s a noise a bit like what Steve imagines a dying whale sounds like.
“What?” Steve asks, frowning. “Pepper’s moving?”
“You’ve got to meet Callie,” Beth says, pushing through carpeted hallways and waving to those she passes. “It’s lunch now - we can take you to the main eating area. We eat in shifts, to make it easier for Hank and Rachel. They take care of the food for us. Today’s turkey sandwiches. Do you like Cheetos?”
Steve regrets not pulling on a thicker jacket over his sweat-wicking performance-wear long-sleeved shirt now that the endorphins aren’t protecting him from the elements, but he uses his shoulder to nudge closed the glass window anyway. His breath puffs cloudy white against the endless gray before him; it’s only a matter of time before the first snow of the year. Leaning against the railing of the fire escape with his post-run protein shake in hand, he braces against the frigid chill while listening to the woman in his ear.
“Yeah,” he says, and they’re both smiling back at him. “We’re still going to Burger King. Who wants a Sprite?”
The usual urge to dismiss it, to protest and claim that he’s fine, that he doesn’t need anything from anyone - he shoves it aside because he knows she’s right, because she’s almost always right, and it has been a rather overwhelming couple of weeks since Wakanda and Thanos.
Is Iron Man the person of the year, or is Tony Stark?
Steve walks with them back to the open field where they’ve parked the Quinjet and apologizes for not having the room for them to stay.
He’s overcompensating, he knows, trying to cling to something before it threatens to retreat. He’s frenetic, kissing Steve over and over and running hands up and down his back to keep him close in case he feels like trying to get away, and Tony knows he couldn’t stop a determined Steve Rogers even if he wanted to, but he’s not missing this.
He’d known that Tony would be at the after-party tonight, and so far, he thinks he’s done a pretty good job of avoiding him.
, he recognizes.
And Steve goes without question, but stops when he sees the silver curve of something round and nearly flat hidden behind a bot that looks suspiciously like the old DUM-E and whirs in an almost identical manner.
There aren’t any straws there to grasp at. It’s just Steve and the gray-blue cold and a black car, pulling up and ready to deliver him back to his life.
I need you for?”
“I’ll have the car come around,” Tony says, and Steve can’t imagine a world in which that’s no problem at all. It’s surreal, to think about cars at his beck and call and flying armor and flying androids and super-powered individuals. It’s an environment that Steve couldn’t slot into for longer than an afternoon even if he wanted to, even if Tony let him.
“Cool. There’s a Target not too far from here,” Steve says, already peering down at his phone, and Tony feels a slightly irrational flash of pride at the reliance on modern technology. “Looks to be within walking distance, so we can get some food and toiletries. You okay with that?”
Once they’re both fed and showered, Steve twists the caps off two beers and jerks his head towards the front porch. Tony goes without question, even though he knows the humidity will mess with his still-damp hair and he’s barefoot. They sit on the steps, the chairs that had used to be there now gone, and they clink the necks of the bottle together once before drinking.
It’s instinct to protest that he is enjoying this, that he’s been intermittently rutting up against Steve for a short while now and between the sweat and precome, things are getting pretty slippery on the whole. He feels good, he feels
“You shouldn’t finish that sentence,” Steve interjects quietly, shielding himself from the creeping discomfort of having Tony declare outright exactly what he thinks of Steve’s career. He leans over, tugs the crust out of Tony’s grip (he tightens his fingers momentarily, surely more to give Steve grief than because he actually wants to keep it), and sets it amongst the other pieces discarded in the box between them. He’s got a thousand defenses at the ready - he’s more than his day job, not everyone can afford to live out their passion projects, there’s actual merit in what he does - but decides not to obfuscate, and be truthful instead.
“Since when do you call me Jim?” Rhodes asks, obeying Carol’s order for him to protect their coffees as she gets them food.
And then Steve is in the car, feeling too much and rushing to bury it all to remember that which he always does when they part.
He sits for what feels like hours. The sky darkens slightly, still enough to see by, and the air grows humid with a chill that aligns with a distant rumble. Before the first drop can fall, footsteps so quiet they wouldn’t disturb an ant come upon him. Proof that his senses are as intact as ever, Steve thinks, as his other self comes to sit beside him.
Steve talks about Hannah wanting to straighten her curls, and Tony asks if he’s still shunning all shaving implements. There’s a bit of daydreaming about what it would be like to run his fingers through Tony’s fluffy hair, but he gets the impulse under control as Tony asks if he’s ever seen a pair of modern-day clippers. He pretends like he hasn’t, makes Tony describe how the mechanism works, but something must give him away because Tony clues in five minutes later and calls him a troll.
“You think any of this has been easy for me? You’re still full of shit, I see.”
“In case you didn’t know - ”
None of it matters, not on that scale.
“This isn’t where I thought you’d settle,” Steve admits, once Natasha has embarked on a considerate patrol and Tony has turned the sky into a sparkling tapestry of midnight blue, the stars an imperfect replica of those that hung above New York. It had been abrupt, no sunset to bridge the transition, and Steve makes a note to steal that particular chore from Tony from here on out.
, whatever Steve wants.
And now, stepping out of a hired car onto the lawn of the giant glass-and-steel structure of a compound that Tony’s built upstate, he refuses to roll over and let Stark take advantage of his soft underbelly one more time. He’s even ready to record everything like a proper journalist this time, goddamnit. No more rookie mistakes, like sitting across a white tablecloth from a manipulative and intimidating stranger who’d taken one look at the device and tossed it into the passing waiter’s water pitcher. No, this time he’s got his phone and it’s going to be different, he’d decided that the moment he’d accepted this gig, and letting Iron Man convince him to go for a quick aerial tour of the property is absolutely not a good idea if he’s going to stick to his guns.
Steve sighs, and wants to bang his head against the cabinets.
“Why wouldn’t I?” Tony asks, and he’s got a very expressive face. Handsome, too. Steve shakes his head like he’s trying to get the last of the water out of his ear canals.
So he falls asleep again, warm and trying to convince himself that something as insignificant as sharing a bed doesn’t have the power to change the universe.
“Steve Rogers?”
His fingers give him away, trembling as he navigates through the server and deletes every copy of the article except for the one stored on the backup USB drive that he shoves into his bag.
Steve opts not to respond, and instead just budges over to give Peter room to work on the stove. Thankfully his blush seems to have receded by the time Bucky slouches in, having just gotten back.
“If I were half the professional I claim to be, I’d have declined when your assistant called.”
“And what do you think?”
“No,” Tony says, and he rolls his eyes and flips the frame up in the air to distract from how attractive Steve looks right now in his button-down with the sleeves rolled up to show off thick forearms, tails tucked in properly like he’s a college professor or something equally as pretentiously illicit.
He wants to know, never wants to uncover the truth; Tony had kissed him like he knew how, like he knew exactly how much teeth Steve needs to get out of his head and into the moment. There’s red all over his stomach, hemorrhaging and cavernous as his mind refuses to settle, instead racing imagination-wild in a way that feels too vivid for his usual fantasies as he draws a hand over his abdomen. Slow, just his fingertips, as he pretends to know what it’s like when Tony’s gasping his name under him.
And it feels like Steve can handle this.
Tony waits him out, and Steve kind of wants to laugh at the idea of Tony picking up on some of his tricks over the years and stealing them for himself. He’s certainly smart enough to figure them out. It’s just that Tony choosing to be silent is a bit of an anomaly, and Steve wants to dig into that and get to the bottom of why this is worth shutting up for.
“You can call me Steve,” he assures him. “And if I know Tony at all, he’s told you to stop calling him Mr. Stark.”
Tony is so motionless that he could be asleep, and just as Steve peers down in an attempt to confirm, Tony wedges himself even closer. His free hand smoothes over Steve’s thigh, fingers twitching like they want to grab hold of something, and Steve immediately offers up his other hand.
When they pull up, Tony puts the car in park and they refuse to untangle their hands.
He is not Steve’s Tony, he reminds himself.
“Do you remember that shawarma place we ate at after the Battle?”
Steve doesn’t have to think about his answer to that, but he does pause to make sure it comes out the right way. “I think you’ve always been as nice as you’re capable of.”
“I’m not gonna get stuck,” Tony grunts stubbornly from where his leg is a hair away from some questionably exposed wires, the upper half of his body mostly hidden from view by what is supposedly some kind of engine. He’s got an arm fiddling around inside of it, and there’s been an awful lot of cursing and clanging in the last sixty seconds. Steve is justifiably concerned. “You
“Jarvis says we can stay at the penthouse,” Peggy promises. “Just for the night, before Maria can fly back. Jarvis doesn’t want Ana to have to stay in the hospital alone.”
“Your answer, Steve.”
” Tony shrugs as he wiggles closer, efforts somewhat hampered by the momentum of the car accelerating. There’s a heavy aura of dark liquor still emanating from him, like a sotted-up foggy mist. “Don’t worry, I don’t call him that to his face. I have manners.”
“Not with me what?” Tony asks, curious.
“Don’t tell me how I feel,” Tony snaps.
Rogers flips the shield and sets it at Steve’s feet.
“Someone got a little clumsy here,” Tony says, reluctantly pulling himself out of the very comfortable chair. “Knocked over a bunch of stuff, had to clean it up - ”
“You with me yet, Rip van Winkle?”
Steve’s got no idea what he means to say, but he’s saved the humiliation of finding out when Tony snaps his chin up and jerks it in the direction of the open door.
At least his increased coherency is an improvement, Steve thinks with a grimace of his own.
“Not yet,” he says, feeling unconsciousness tug at his heavy body yet again. “Will you be here when I wake?”
But that second doesn’t come, and Tony just disentangles their semi-joined hands so he can cradle Steve’s face fully, preciously, kissing like he means it and owns that meaning. Steve lets it happen, lets his knees fall open and his body go pliant as he gives himself over to soft lips covering his. Tony knows how to kiss, all dragging slow with the right amount of distracting tension so that Steve isn’t properly aware of how eagerly he’s kissing back until his knuckles clench with how tightly they’re locked in the freed tails of Tony’s shirt.
He’s got no idea how Steve is so bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, not when he’d insisted on an extremely lengthy post-coital cuddle session before coercing Tony into helping him change the sheets before finally calling it a night.
“Sounds like you knew him much better,” Tony disagrees.
“Speaking of humble and days in your life,” Tony says, looking sideways at Natasha and trying to gauge whether or not she’s actually planning on falling asleep. He lowers his voice and beckons Steve closer, pleased when he bends his knees to lean in and listen. “That old man of yours is something else. We’ve got to talk about that.”
“Are we starting a nudist colony?” Sam asks, not even bothering to sit before he’s got a mouthful of eggs and is pointing his fork in Steve’s direction. “Between you and Danvers - ”
Steve thinks of the Ramirez girls, and Jackson, and how close he’s gotten to those who are still there. He still draws on the concrete, butterflies for Christina and racecars for Lance, and Ben still asks for Iron Man. He draws, wears down the strawberry and sunflower sticks of chalk until they’re nearly gone and all that’s left is the sky blue for the eye slits and the reactor.
Steve thinks that he knows where he’s supposed to go from here. He thinks he knows what he’s supposed to do.
“Yeah,” Tony says, deflating. “Yeah, what other excuses do you have, Rogers?”
“Nobody needs anyone to buy them things,” Tony points out, which is blatantly untrue, but Steve’s not about to start up an argument about class wars at this hour. “That’s why it’s a gift.”
Now Bucky’s back on the line, humming thoughtfully. “You know what they say about fine lines.”
“So what is it, then?”
Beth comes to sit next to him and knocks their shoulders together.
“I’m your only house dad,” Steve tosses back, and Tony turns to look at him. Steve sighs and gestures to the front door. “Wanna go outside and talk?”
“Okay.”
Steve’s expecting Tony to ignore him, but he’s striding over with an outstretched hand and pinched eyes. It should be surprising, but suddenly Steve wonders if he’s gotten it wrong, and if Tony’s lying through his teeth and he doesn’t regret it at all. Maybe he regrets the same things Steve does: not talking about, not knowing what could have been, and crossing paths rather than knowing what it would’ve been like to share something more significant.
“Time passes differently here,” she says when he casually asks how long it has been since they discovered his presence. “We’ve been trying to keep track, but there’s no real point, which just makes it harder.”
They sit like that for a long while.
Maybe she senses that he’s still trying to work it out for himself.
“Do you know that you have an interrupting problem?”
Steve whines at that, and Tony kisses his sweaty temple.
“I didn’t know how it would change things,” Steve claims, if only to wipe that look off Tony’s face. It doesn’t work, and Steve keeps going. “I was - after Peggy couldn’t get pregnant - Tony, I was terrified that anything would change. I kept thinking about you, and a world where you didn’t exist, and I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t do it. I’d have ended up changing everything, and I couldn’t live in a world where you didn’t.”
He knows.
“I’m good,” he tells him. “Perfect, even. Come on, tell me how to make this good for you.”
“You’re not going to break me,” Steve says with a comforting gaze, like he thinks he can read Tony’s mind.
Time passes. Steve isn’t sure how long they sit there; clocks don’t tick the way they used to. He thinks he sees Tony scrub a hand over his face, but when he speaks, he sounds normal.
“It all went to shit when we were apart,” Tony says, hand falling to his side. “I needed you. Of
“Let me show you,” Tony says, and Steve lets go of him only long enough for Tony to fumble down the hall and slam a hand against a pad for access. Still, even then, Steve crowds behind him, hands gripping his hips.
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Tony interrupts, rolling his eyes as he draws upright. He’s too close, side smashing right up to Steve, and Jesus, Steve really needs some fresh air and a cold shower. “I’m coming, primarily here to convince senators that aliens aren’t coming back to pick up where they left off, I know.” He leans up then and, to Steve’s complete dismay, pops the briefest kiss on Steve’s cheek. Only it’s a little off-kilter, landing somewhere closer to Steve’s sensitive jawline, and the entire thing has a greater effect on him than it should.
He cleans the kitchen and tidies the living room, and refuses to feel anything when he doesn’t see anything that Tony could have left behind. Rather than dwell on it, he gets dressed and heads out for a run. At least this way, he can stave off the inevitable realization that somehow, he’s ruined things again.
“I know,” Steve says, and now he really is shredding the sheets. “I just want to do this.”
“I vaguely remember Ms. Potts accusing you of lacking in that department,” Steve says diplomatically.
“What do you think of the armor?” Tony asks, and Steve glances over just enough to see that Tony’s looking out over the crowd before them, elbow still on the table while his forearm hinges upwards to allow his fingertips to trace the line of his bottom lip. “I’ve been playing around with the shape of the arc reactor. Started with a circle, then played around with the triangle thingie.” He motions with his hands, movements sharp and snappy as Steve tracks them carefully. “Now I’m back on the circle, practical reasons, of course, but there’s a certain aesthetic to - ”
A part of him - the part that Clint teases him about, saying that he’s got a weirdly strong sense of morality and justice for a celebrity journalist - wants to explain that last bit to Pepper, but he doesn’t know how to. As certain as he is that nothing had
“I’m offended,” Tony says, lifting bags to find the lightest one. “Seriously, I’ll have you know that just last month I set a new PR in the weight room, and even Banner was impressed with - hey!”
Steve can only look at the slipping sun. “This isn’t - ”
Steve snorts, thinking of what he had gotten a glimpse of before he left. “No. He definitely still had his secrets.”
“There’s more in the box underneath,” Tony calls, and when Steve looks up, Tony’s definitely staring. He rubs at his chin, comes away with nothing, then shrugs it off and opens up the box underneath. He finds two more chocolate glazed there but makes Alexa and Charlie split one, especially after Crystal informs him that they’ve already had two apiece. Charlie nearly smacks his sister for that.
It’s surreal, to say the least, to see Tony standing in the middle of the kitchen. Bonnie has indeed given him lemonade in a clear plastic cup featuring Woody and Buzz Lightyear, and she’s leaning against the counter, rapt with attention as she fiddles with her braid. The younger girls are sitting on the family room floor, homework half-abandoned as they listen to Tony talk. Elliot is seated at the breakfast table and working on math, but Steve can tell he’s listening too.
“Seriously, though,” Tony says, never at a loss for words. “Don’t be shy, I’m an ordinary citizen, just like you, like everyone else. My robots take my armor off for me one plate at a time. If you have questions, I’m here to answer them.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, unable to keep the bittersweet smile off his face. “Yeah, they did.”
He thinks of all the secrets he carries, of how much she’s sacrificed for him. He’s wondered a billion times if he made the wrong choice, and as often as he tells himself that what they have together is enough, he’s always wondered if Peggy was happier in his original universe. If her husband and children had made her happier than Steve has.
, and yet somehow always his.
Steve shrugs. “Thought we should do something. Now that he’s gone.”
It’s caustic and Steve’s tired of holding back. Clearly Tony is too, because the speedometer is hovering dangerously high. If there were anyone else on the interstate out here, he’d say something.
Steve pretends to think about it, letting Tony take the cone from him.
“And where do you plan on sitting?” Tony asks in amusement, and Steve carefully places himself on Tony’s lap, careful to let his own legs carry most of his weight.
“No,” Steve says, and his gaze is dark and he licks his lips, and Tony really hates that he’s such a sucker for him. For fuck’s sake, he’s got Steve’s precome smeared in his chest hair, and part of him still feels like he’s lusting after the unattainable popular boy in school. “I mean, we can do it like that if you want. But I’ve never had anyone inside me before.”
A tap to put the call on speakerphone, the shrill dial tone, and he waits.
“You’re sitting on leather,” Steve points out, and his heart skips when he recognizes those sweatpants, recognizes them as his own from months ago. “Skin on leather isn’t very pleasant.”
“There’s more where that came from, you know,” Tony says from behind as Steve pours the liquor down the drain.
“Not unless she goes for the future doctor,” Steve says, banging his head against the headrest. “Maybe I need to stay back and - ”
He ignores how much he likes that, and extends a hand in what anyone else would interpret as a parting handshake. Parting, because Happy is clearing his throat obnoxiously and going on about cops and fines and loitering, but Tony doesn’t get the memo. No, instead he grabs Steve’s hand as he should, but that’s about where the interaction stops following the script and turns into something that normally would only be found in some Ambien-influenced dreamscape.
He can’t believe he gets to touch Tony like this. If he’d been asked even a day ago, he would have declared it an outrageous improbability even if he had known about the existence of a world like this.
“And Tony,” Rogers says, like he’s reminding him.
“Later,” he says. “We’ve got something else to do right now. You ready?”
And yet, on Christmas morning, he watches the kids open small piles of presents for the first time in years, and he feels like maybe he’s less empty than he used to be.
It’s an active process, releasing the strain in his muscles so that he can respond without being defensive.
“Stark seems to think they will stay friends,” Wanda says, but there’s something in the way her upper lips curls as she does that gives Steve pause.
A downward glance at his own naked torso makes Tony sincerely hope that Steve sees the same when he looks at him.
Tony slowly lifts a hand to cover Steve’s, caressing the back of it, and Steve shivers despite the fact that he feels as warm as anything, so warm he feels alive with it.
“Damn,” Tony says dryly. “Maybe he was just a smartass, then. Apple doesn’t fall too far from the - well, the other apple.”
the guy who tips everyone like cash is going out of style and who had looked at Steve like he was worth something, like he was worth Tony’s time instead of just another business appointment he regretted bothering to show up for in the first place.
“It’s not a honeymoon,” he says emphatically, only aware that he’s flinging his hands about when he nearly clips a column with the phone he’s supposed to be speaking into. He reels all his limbs back in, takes a breath, and then explains properly. “We’re visiting Peggy’s old house,” he says, because Pepper doesn’t know about the other Steve, and he’d rather not go down that rabbit hole right now. “We’re alone, and he’s being all depression-era moody Steve about it, and I’m feeling like a second wheel on a unicycle. Like a wobbly wheel on a shopping cart. Like a - ”
Steve Rogers is still a pallbearer, and Sam Wilson still waits for him in a pew.
“How about this,” he starts, and when Steve tries to argue, he’s suddenly being smothered by a warm hand. Tony’s got his palm pressed solidly against Steve’s mouth, fingers still smeared with grease and smelling of burning metal and coconut hand soap as they curve towards Steve’s jaw. The gesture isn’t as jolting as it might’ve been once, the sensation dulled where it hadn’t been the last time Tony’s made contact there, but it reeks of informal intimacy.
He settles for happening upon him after everything has passed, once Jarvis is paying the caterers and Peggy has excused herself to the restroom. Steve enters the kitchen to ensure there is nothing else for him to do, and sees Tony slumped over the counter with a bottle of dark liquor clenched in one fist. For a brief moment Steve considers turning around and pretending he’d never come in, but Tony is too quick for that, catching the movement out of the corners of his eyes.
Steve exhales, recalling the days when he’d been forced to pick up the habit just for a shot at getting in a good word with his superiors. His childhood asthma had protested psychosomatically, but the drag against the back of his throat is still evocative, threatening to dredge up memories of inferiority and a desperate need to prove himself.
“I’m getting what I want,” Tony says, because he can already feel the low simmering burn radiating from within. “Don’t worry about me.”
“I know,” he says, and Tony has to believe him, because he’s
“Wow,” Bonnie says, still twirling. “That’s really your most memorable Iron Man moment?”
“Pretty sure that’s not something I agreed to,” Steve says, and he sets the gray pair back where they came from, swapping for a pair in - oh, for a gray pair in Steve’s size.
“I need to...process all that,” Tony says.
He can, really. He has nothing to complain about, not after living two lifetimes in two universes.
“I can’t believe you’ve started without me,” he said upon entering, Peter hot on his heels, and then spent the next five minutes unable to stop ragging on Carol for taking advantage of his hospitality.
“I’d like to try it,” Steve says, and Tony just really loves him. Even now, he’s resolute in a way that Tony adores, going after what he wants regardless of the risks.
“I don’t know,” he says honestly. “But I know I can.”
Perhaps he’s ruined something, set something terrible into motion that he won’t know about for years to come.
“Nothing,” Steve assures him, noticing how Tony’s stepped away from the installation, tools abandoned. “Thank you for telling me the truth.”
Steve glances at Tony for help, but Tony just shrugs and leans against the car.
“Did you know you’d come out of the wormhole?” It’s not Steve’s most pathetic attempt at redirection, but it’s pretty close, and he tries to recover some of his dignity by snagging a few passing caviar-topped something-or-other while Tony blinks.
“Bold of you to assume he’d even remember me,” Steve says, eyes flitting over where Tony is currently trying to play-wrestle Jennifer Lawrence’s newly obtained gold statue away from her.
“The Avengers stick together,” Steve says, because not doing so had been their undoing. “You find something you will live for. Not something you will die for - no,
She leans up, on her tiptoes, and brushes his cheek with her lips. It’s near meaningless, a courteous social gesture, but there’s something conflicting in her expression when her bare feet settle back on the polished floor.
“You gonna leave tomorrow, then?”
“You’ve got people, don’t you?” Josie pushes, tilting her head to the side. Her tight curls are pulled back tonight, out of the way of the flickering flames keeping them warm as the cool weather persists. “You’ve been with us a while now.”
Steve’s words get stuck, because he knows it’s another one of those once-in-a-lifetime offers, but he doesn’t want it, not really. He wants to argue with Tony about human rights and where the blame truly lies. The last thing he wants is to have to play nice with a group of heroes he doesn’t know, especially when he’s invested so much time and energy into managing his attitude surrounding Tony’s mere existence.
It’s hours later when Steve throws on a pair of flimsy boxers, much to Tony’s dismay.
“Okay,” Tony says, pausing and letting go of the hand in his so he can grab the one on the small of his back. “This is the thing.”
“You’ve never tried to do anything for me,” Tony says, hard and brittle. “You want to talk about things you could have done for me? Why don’t we take a little trip back to Vienna? Or Leipzig. We could start there.”
“Maybe there’s a reason for that,” he says, and she holds up two palms in dramatic defeat as he finally shifts the top of the box off the bottom, carefully placing it to the side.
“I know, Steve,” Tony says patiently. “Why d’you think I’ve got them set up through the Foundation?”
“I do not look like a caveman,” Steve insists.
“Maybe that’s the problem,” Steve says to the window. “Meanwhile, you won’t let me do anything for you.”
It’s true that even the others who had known about the other Steve really hadn’t known him. He’d just been an old man to all of them, quiet and gentle but firm, near impossible to uproot unless he wanted to do it himself. Tony reaches up, gripping Steve’s shoulder and shaking.
“Not with things the way they were,” Steve says, hands in his pockets, taking a step back. “Not with you - ”
“She’s got sophisticated taste,” Tony says with a grin and a shrug. “Sheet color combinations notwithstanding.”
“Ruined what?” Steve asks cautiously.
Tony slots into the after-dinner assembly line with ease, drying the washed dishes that Crystal and Hannah give him before handing them off to Manny and Lance to put away. The adults do their best to keep everyone to their usual schedule, but Tony is new and bright and shiny, and no one wants to get ready for bed.
There’s a growing discontent on nights Clint orders pizza, because Steve point-blank refuses to have anything to do with Tony’s olive and mushroom and insists that the Hawaiian isn’t as blasphemous as everyone else says it is.
Tony’s face is plastered all over the screen, press photos of him on red carpets mixed in amongst the newscasters’ serious expressions.
“We’re not staying here,” Steve says gently. “You’d go insane in less than a week.”
Tony rolls his shoulders back and gives Steve his toothiest smile.
“So?” Christine’s voice breaks through his thoughts unpleasantly, and he does his best not to loudly sigh in her general direction. “Who’s buying you stuff?”
“Good,” Steve says, fully relaxed into the depths of the couch. “Dead on my feet. Not ready to deal with everything ahead of us.”
“No idea where she gets that from,” Steve comments, and Tony huffs out as he pulls something apart.
“Hi bored, I’m Tony,” Tony says, tickling her side before pulling her into his lap. She goes easily, cradled against him in no time. “Want to go to the beach?”
Steve nearly rolls his eyes, but then Tony pulls his finger half out to begin to fit in a second, and the huff in his lungs comes out as a choked-off gasp, and Tony can’t hide his own smile.
“You’ve operated without me before,” he points out. “And you did plenty of recon without me.”
“Should’ve known you liked it sweet,” Tony says, voice dropping low as Steve’s cockhead catches against his, stuttering and imprecise and beautiful. He lifts a hand to stroke through Steve’s hair.
“It was complicated,” Steve manages to get out, and he’s lost track of how much time has passed since Siberia (that’s a lie, it’s been nearly seventy-six years for him, he can count it to the hour), but the loss still cuts through him, more wicked than the sharpest knife. “You have to trust me. You can only say that now because he’s told you now.”
When Steve blinks back to the present, tearing himself away from the muddled memories of an encounter that will forever be splashed with a giant question mark no matter how many times he tells himself that it’s irrelevant, it’s to see Tony looking at him with a sort of disappointment hidden in the fine lines around his eyes. Only it’s not just disappointment, there might be hurt lurking there too, and none of what has happened actually adds up in a way that makes the expression make sense. All Steve’s done is decline an invitation that’s probably more hot air than anything, and yet Tony looks like Christmas has just been cancelled.
“Yes,” Steve says, wanting to cry out in relief. “I couldn’t do that to him. I couldn’t let him think there was someone else he could never be enough for.”
“Why didn’t you stop any of it?” he asks, and Steve sighs. “Steve said he asked you - sorry am I supposed to call both of you Steve? Because that’s a little weird, no offense.”
She straightens out her tight skirt and glares. “You’re going to have to open it eventually. Might as well do it while I’m here, otherwise I’m going to keep asking.”
“Try the prosciutto-wrapped melon before it’s gone,” Tony advises, but there’s a twitch in Rogers’ jaw that gives him away. “What, you’re not a vegetarian, are you?”
Steve uncovers a grill and sends Tony and Morgan to the store while he goes on a run, and when they come back he mops his sweaty face with his shirt and cooks burgers for them. There’s corn on the cob and Morgan voices her concern that barbecues are for summer only, but Tony puts her in yet another bathing suit and she loses herself spinning in an inner tube, singing at the top of her lungs as FRIDAY plays her favorite songs.
Peggy squeezes Steve’s hand.
There’s a distant thump on the end of the line, a tiny yelp, and then the distinct fumble of a phone before he can hear her breathing clear as day through the connection.
He pours them both coffee, drinks it black, and takes note when Rogers does as well. The waitress barely hides her annoyance when he asks for more time to think about their order, and Tony almost wants to give up and let Rogers sprint around the corner back to the hospital like he so clearly is dying to.
“Okay.” He nods, waits a beat, and then nods again. “Alright. I’d shake your hand, but…”
“You like being a dad?”
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, looking up from where he’s testing the coffee temperature with the tip of his little finger. “You don’t have to tell me everything.”
She looks at him closely, and it’s unnerving.
“How would you know?” Steve attempts to challenge, but it’s empty, falling flat, and judging by the little smirk on Tony’s face, he knows that.
“My sister-in-law says it’s been an absolute nightmare,” comes the drawl, too loud for a mostly-empty aisle. When there isn’t an audible reply, he deduces that she’s talking on the phone. “Yeah. That poor city. First the hurricane and the floods. Then the blip - they lost more than anywhere, I heard. Not that anybody can figure this shit out. It’ll be fifty years from now, and they still won’t tell us how bad it was.”
“I need a moment,” he says, knowing that he sounds grief-stricken but feeling too old and worn to care. “I’ll tell you the rest later.”
It’s something he’d never stopped to consider before, having just automatically assumed that everything else would stay the same. Hell, Peggy had died on the exact same day she had back in his timeline - what reason had he had to wonder what else had changed?
“All your friends are back to being superheroes again,” she says, as stern as Denise. “And you’re here.”
“JARVIS,” Tony says, scrutinizing Steve. “Let’s run some facial recognition technology, find a picture of Mr. Carter, see what background info we can find on him, run through the SHIELD dump with some keywords.”
“These are new.”
Texas is hot.
Steve tries to speak, but Tony forges on.
“I do,” he confirms, mind spinning with the overwhelming relief at having the most pressing of his problems solved for him in less than ten seconds. The perks of being rich and famous, he thinks, fully aware of where he’s standing. “Thank you, really. I appreciate this. Ah, if you don’t mind, is Tony…?”
Steve just shrugs again.
It’s not that Steve wants to take sides, because he doesn’t pretend to understand these things and they don’t really concern him, but he can’t help but want to defend Tony. He refuses to believe that there’s ever been an ounce of misdirected intention, that Tony’s ever done anything before absolutely making sure to minimize damage and casualties, that Tony’s acted in a way that warrants such a large degree of public mistrust.
For all he knows, this could very well be the last time they ever see each other. He wants to be able to say that they parted on good terms.
“Sometimes,” he admits. “But it’s not the same. You know?”
On the drive to the airport, Steve finds them holding hands like they’re each other's lifelines. He’s not sure who moved first, but neither shows any sign of letting go.
Tony runs a hand through his hair again.
“I’m glad you thought so,” Steve says, mouth fully curling into a smile. “I’ve never been a fan of micromanaging my team.”
Hank makes a sympathetic noise.
Navigating away from his contacts list, Steve does his best to ignore the conversation. Those people get paid to speculate and hit certain talking points to garner the largest audience possible, sensationalism be damned. It’s not too different from what he does, not really, and he shouldn’t feel anything about it.
“Everything in one piece,” Tony promises, and the frown begins to slowly smooth out.
Steve forces himself to smile. “Lucky me.”
It’s been more than five years and the girls aren’t very old. He wouldn’t expect them to remember anything.
“Just like it however you want it,” Steve tells him, and Tony grips the strands tight, using them to ground himself.
But then Steve’s hands are back on him, slipping up his sides and flexing eagerly, and Tony focuses.
“You’re not the reason I’m taking a break,” Steve parrots, and then grins way too wide for this sort of conversation. “Hey. It’s not a bad thing. It’s just, well, once you brought it up, it sounded like a good idea,” he says, and he meets Tony’s disbelieving gaze with easy assurance. “And if I’m not particularly keen on operating without you - well, that’s your fault.”
“How do you feel about a Reuben?” Tony asks, tapping his fingers against the never-ending menu. “Do you think it’s too early for a bagel with lox?”
“So that’s...your room,” Tony says, gesturing into the comfortably sized room. “Told you, you had one. Meant it. It’s the biggest, but don’t tell Rhodey, he’ll get offended and demand an addition to his. Well, the biggest after mine, but that doesn’t count, obviously - ”
Crunching gravel under hesitant footsteps. The belated slam of a car door. Honeysuckle perfuming the thick air. It’s the definition of picturesque, a tableau worth scoffing at, but he politely refrains for the moment.
“Even I’m starving,” Tony says, motioning to his spread of plates and bowls as he salts and peppers his poached eggs. “So for you, I can only imagine.”
But really, there’s no slowing the momentum, not when Tony’s disappearing with a promise that he’ll be right back, and then he’s back before Steve can finish half his beer. He wags a battered pack of bummed cigarettes in Steve’s face, too fast to even blink at, and then he’s pulling a lighter out of the depths of his pants.
“That was different,” Steve says, mouth going dry. “
It’s agonizing.
“Here,” she murmurs firmly, shifting him out of the way. “I’ve got it.”
“Okay,” Tony says, tucking his head to kiss Steve’s knuckles where they’re fitted near his, and it’s an awkward fit for a temptation too impossible to resist. “You ready?”
“If I made you think that I didn’t - ”
Only for a moment, though. Iron Man disappears high into the sky, shooting off till Steve’s vaguely concerned about whether or not he’ll be coming back down. And that’s what does it: Steve is reminded that Tony’s been living in an entirely different world than Steve has. There’s nothing to link them, really, nothing but a few bizarre encounters, some inappropriate feelings, and lapses in judgment.
“Can’t remember,” Tony snorts under his breath. “As if there’s anything he can’t remember.”
Tony’s gripping the steering wheel so tight, and when Steve takes a breath, he realizes that they’re going too fast, even by Tony’s standards.
that he hadn’t hooked up with Tony while they were both drunk beyond comprehension, and that he hadn’t forgotten an entire once-in-a-lifetime experience with a man who sends mixed signals and quite literally has made a career out of convincing people to worship him.
But it isn’t, and Steve heads back inside before he can watch Tony pull away.
He’s not sure of where else he’d want to go. He’s not sure of what else he’d want to do.
“Yes,” he says carefully.
Rogers looks over at him.
“I’ve gotten used to not talking about it,” Steve admits.
He trails off with shrugging shoulders.
“Okay, no,” Tony says, shaking his head. He dives in with a knife and fork, attacking the accompanying mountain of strawberries and whipped cream with single-minded focus. “You’re not even doing it right - ”
“I’m just the journalist,” Steve says, nodding at Natasha’s desktop screen. “The journalist who got blackout drunk and tagged along home with him.”
“Maybe you’re the one we need to worry about,” she said wickedly. “Don’t get any tattoos while you’re gone! Love you!”
He doesn’t listen as he marks the date in the desk calendar in glittery pink pen according to Denise’s color-coded key. It’s not till he hangs up and finishes underlining the event that he realizes Beth is staring at him. He glances up to meet her uncertain expression.
, and the impact is lessened immensely, Sokovia still standing by the end of it. Bruce still gets away, because he is an entity that Steve had never fully understood, an inevitability he cannot prevent. He watches the news and then calls the number for his office at the compound, once he is sure it is up and running.
This is the hard part. The part that could give him away. He’s not sure whether he wants his hand shown or not.
“I spent a long time finding my worth in the things I was able to do for others,” Steve says. “And when I felt like I didn’t have anything to contribute, I couldn’t stay. But I know now, the kids have made me believe that I am more than Captain America. That I don’t have to stay on active duty in order to matter to the people who matter to me.”
He’d thought it would be nice: a private room in an upscale restaurant, authentic sushi hand-rolled to order right in front of them. Steve looks mildly overwhelmed, so Tony takes his time to gently and painstakingly explain things to him, from the roe and pickled ginger to different variations of nigiri and unagi. There are bottles of sake and cups of green tea and it’s not until Tony notices that Steve’s mouth is set in a firm line and realizes he might have messed up somewhere along the line.
Tony’s eyes shimmer, impossibly bright, but he holds back tears most admirably.
“What’s up?”
It was a war he hadn’t ever anticipated being a silent casualty of.)
“I saw your bag in the hall,” Tony says, panting. “No one show you to your room yet?”
“I know what not seeing each other means,” Tony says with a smirk that makes Steve acutely uncomfortable. He should go, shouldn’t let Tony get any more digs in, and yet in most situations that would be better solved by flight, he finds himself bolted to the floor and succumbing to the urge to fight.
Christina rubs the back of her hand across her wet face. “Can I get ketchup?”
They meet Jarvis at the hospital.
He doesn’t think he’s seen Steve look so excited since - well, ever.
Steve slides his eyes back to Tony, but then Serena is there and tugging on his shirt. He reaches for her, hefts her into his arms like it’s nothing, and she wraps her arms around his neck.
Expression guarded, Tony opens and then closes his mouth. He rubs at his chest briefly before settling his hands in his lap, uncharacteristically subdued and no longer the vibrating ball of energy that Steve has come to recognize over the years.
Tony talks in winding circles, directing them down aimless tangents about an android who walks through walls and how he managed to convince James Rhodes to dedicate less and less time to the military. He goes on about Stark Industries’ relief programs and energy initiatives, and expertly pivots the conversation every time Steve takes a stab at gently leading him down an avenue that would require him to talk about his own personal involvement. Steve’s not new to interviewing, and certainly isn’t new to talking to Tony, so he waits until Tony’s prepared and drank himself another shot of espresso to press harder.
“Banner took off with my favorite jet,” Tony’d said, a scowl hiding a tender bruise of an emotion. “And since Speedy Gonzales keeps reminding me that if last year’s model happens to crap out in the middle of the ocean, he’s kind of the only one without flight capabilities - ”
“I’ll order pizza, mostly because those gremlins upstate are on an Indian kick, and the closest takeout place makes phenomenal garlic naan, but I’m tired of burning my tongue off and pretending that I don’t miss good old American cuisine. I know Rhodey’s with me and misses burgers, but he likes to think his tours cultured him or whatever, so he’ll never speak up. I’ll order pizza, you can stop acting like whatever journalistic ethics committee you’re so scared of is looking for a reason to blacklist you, and I promise not to bug you about the suit. Deal?”
Nat approaches silently and he decides that she’s the only one allowed to interrupt.
Steve remembers what it had been like, to feel drawn to Tony. Even right away on the helicarrier he’d been inexplicably drawn to him, but had figured it for professional irritation and personal differences. It hadn’t taken him too horribly long to get past that, but it had taken him decades to really understand the magnetic draw for what it had been.
“Steve doesn’t mind,” Tony says, like he’s reassuring her, only his eyes remain locked onto Steve’s the entire time, and that’s kind of strange. It certainly does strange things to Steve’s insides, stirring some part of him awake for the first time in a very long time. “Right? You don’t mind. Tell her.”
“You think I’m letting you abandon me at a time like this?” Tony says, clucking his tongue and motioning Steve
He watches his young face go soft for a brief second.
Steve stares, unable to decide how he’s feeling as he sweeps his fingers along the edge of the very shield-like object leaning against a cabinet.
“But I don’t know what it will be like to see her in person again,” Beth says. “And one of Elliot’s stupid friends has a crush on me, apparently, and he’s not half bad when he’s not bragging about how he’s gonna be a successful doctor someday.”
“Can you believe,” Steve says, “I have lived so many lives to be here right now.”
Tony can’t help but snort as he hauls himself up. “You overestimate me.”
“Steve?” Serena asks. “Are we still going to Burger King?”
“I suppose this is an afterlife of sorts,” he says as they start down a well-worn footpath, so defined that he would wonder how it came to be if there was any point to wondering. “Tony said it’s as real as it gets, so I assume it hasn’t gone away yet. I’m guessing it works - well, how does it work?”
“No, but it is.” Tony shifts his weight around, eyes glittering with sudden interest, the most he’s shown since he’d reappeared. “Because however you feel is going to color the presentation of my answer, no matter what I say. So before I make an ass out of myself -  which I probably will anyway, let’s be honest, this is me we’re talking about here - I think it’s only fair that you let me gauge exactly how big of an ass you’re going to make me out to be.”
They kiss, slow and steady and aimlessly, and when Tony pulls away, Steve kind of wishes that he wasn’t the only one who didn’t need to take a breath to survive.
“The kids like you,” Steve settles on. “Not that I expected any less. You’re always good with people, when you want to be.”
“Rebuilt it after Ultron,” Tony says. This car is red and obnoxious, and so very Tony that it warms Steve down to his bones. “I put it off for a while, but then Pepper drew up plans. I was going to let her keep it, but she wanted a blank slate when she moved back here. Understandable, of course. You’ll see her place, we’re picking up Morgan first. I could’ve flown you private, you know. Have you land somewhere a bit more discreet. Not that I’m complaining, of course.”
“He saved our world because what, he loved his Tony?”
“Any color we can find,” he promises, and Tony groans as he leans against the counter with his third cup of coffee.
“Who, me?”
“Do you need money?” Tony speaks up, and he sounds different. Like he’s forcing the brightness into the words. “I can send more. Whatever the kids need.”
“Now you listen to me, Rosemary. I’m not saying it’s their fault, but it damn sure isn’t ours. I’m not going to be held responsible while we’ve got people like Pepper Potts - now hold on a damn second. There’s a gentleman here - sir? Rosemary, hold on, this gentleman looks an awful lot like - ”
But Tony knows Steve. He knows that he’s heard every word, and he knows without seeing that despite Steve refusing to slow down, he’s got that special quirk to his mouth. It’s a gift and a curse, knowing Steve so well, but he wouldn’t trade it for the world.
“Not the bullshit text,” Steve says, shaking his head. “The real reason. You’ve dragged me out to the middle of upstate in the shittiest kind of weather, after how many years of no-contact - ”
(See the end of the chapter for
The decision never feels any easier. If anything, it becomes agony, the bands slicing him into pieces, cracking him open to bleed. Maybe the universe has stayed whole despite his presence, and maybe this is the price he has to pay.
Pepper sounds alarmed, and Tony leans against the porch railing.
And look where it’s gotten him.
“And yet you won’t open the box,” she says, her airy tone a dreadful contrast to the leaden sensation in Steve’s limbs. “Noted.”
She’s still avoiding Steve’s eyes. “You two - I know that sexuality can be complicated these days. But I thought that, maybe I should mind my own business, but I wasn’t going to tell anyone and no one else saw anyway, and - ”
He doesn’t know how to finish that sentence, and he isn’t sure whether that’s a blessing or a curse as Pepper purses her lips in what looks like disappointment. Or disapproval, maybe. He hasn’t been in her presence long enough to determine which, and his hangover really isn’t helping things.
“You’re right there with me.”
“No,” Steve says, tongue stupid-slow in his mouth as his mind catches up to what he’s feeling. Tony’s lips go thin and pale as they roll together. “I can’t.”
“But why?” The words come out strangled, arrested and breathless, every dedication to stoicism thrown out the window. “All that stuff about accountability and relief efforts and outreach - what about all the good Iron Man’s done over the years?”
No, he decides, forcing himself to swallow rubbery egg before washing it down with too-hot too-bitter coffee. He can’t go down that rabbit hole, because if Steve has any hope of making it in this industry - if he ever wants to live somewhere with a dishwasher, if he ever wants to be able to buy himself the nice seasonal beverages without worrying about the dent it’ll make in his bank account, if he ever wants to write about anything more important than which ski pants accentuate the backside the most without compromising comfort in the front - then he has to forget about Tony Stark’s dazzling eyes and sincere little looks.
Natasha looks between them, and Tony just offers her a shrug because there’s no getting Steve to budge and he’s not going to waste their time trying.
The damn photo with the girls. They’d posted it online and it had gone viral, and it had caught the attention of one of Clint’s kids, and from there the game of telephone had made its way around until it made its way back to Steve.
Tony’s driving with his left hand, right elbow propped on the center console while his hand rubs at his mouth.
The men’s room is gratefully empty with the exception of a young cater-waiter on his way out, and Steve takes care of business as quickly as he can before contemplating splashing water on his face. Ultimately he decides against messing up the pomade and concealer Christine had coaxed him into allowing her styling team to push on him, and is about to head out and make his way to the curb when the door smacks open, ricocheting against the wall to reveal -
Steve pulls at his hair and doesn’t stop, even when his ears feel hot. “Yeah. There is. D’you think I could come back to the compound for a few follow-up questions?”
“I’m pretty sure you should be illegal,” Tony says, and Steve knows his eyes are tracing Steve’s tongue as he catches a melting trail of ice cream from the cone.
“I don’t know if I’m ready for that,” Steve admits, taken aback by his own honesty.
“I can’t do it,” he whispers brokenly. “It’s not - there’s too much I want to change. Too much I want to save him from.”
“I’m hungry,” he says instead, because his stomach is mere minutes away from growling and embarrassing him. “I’ve been reduced to foraging from this barren garden like a caveman, so unless you’ve got other plans - ”
“Of course I needed you. It’s like you forget everything I’ve ever said. Do you remember what I said when I came back from space?”
“I'll be at the tower tonight. I have some business to take care of in town. You can meet me there at, say, six o’clock?”
Tony’s head pops out, cheeks red and eyes bright as his hair sticks up spectacularly.
Rhodes tilts his head thoughtfully and then nods once.
Steve imagines that a lot of people want to. Despite the fact that they haven’t been bothered by obnoxious patrons yet, he’s under no delusion that that’s half because of Happy and half because of the distracting scenery. Tony is whatever is miles beyond popular, and that’s why Steve can’t risk this, can’t let the opportunity get away from him.
Steve raises his eyebrows. “Do you need to go get your clippers?”
“I’m thinking about retiring,” Tony says. “Wasn’t sure what you’d think about it.”
“‘Just a journalist,’” Tony repeats with a honeyed scoff, shaking his head and not buying a single word that Steve is last-ditch attempting to sell him. “Imagine that. Imagine being stupid enough to think that - ”
“I look forward to the finished product,” Tony is saying, only it’s too polite, too curt as his tongue swerves along the lines of his teeth, and the handshake is as abbreviated as his syllables.
Well, then Tony recovered with his people at his side, and Steve wasn’t one of those people. He’s long since come to terms with that.
“He’s got a...personal errand to run,” Tony says as delicately as he’s capable of, which isn’t saying much. “He asked me to come along.”
“Some of us with jobs to get to in the morning
“The beach would be nice,” Steve says placidly, and Tony looks at him.
“How would you know? You’re not the one who puked. Did you? Is that why you were in the bathroom?”
It’s only one word, but it’s all Steve needs.
At the non sequitur, Tony cocks his head to the side in question.
“Then you’re mine, too,” he declares quietly into the stillness of the kitchen that is theirs as much as it isn’t.
“He is,” Steve agrees. “Kind of everything he’s cracked up to be. Isn’t he?”
“Pretty sure legalese qualifies as foreplay for her,” Tony quips, moving forward so expertly that Steve doesn’t get very long at all to contemplate whether or not he’s said something wrong enough to warrant backtracking. “Me, on the other hand...”
“What?” Tony asks, all innocent behind his mug from where he’s posted up at the counter. He’s on a tablet, looking like he’s picking up wherever he left off in his workshop, and the memory combined with the sound sends a flush flooding down Steve’s cheeks and towards his chest.
“I tried so hard to do everything right,” he says once he can speak, so quiet that he isn’t entirely sure that Tony can hear. “I tried to do everything right, because with you I did everything wrong, and - ”
“Okay,” Steve says, confused. And then, face going soft - “Okay.” He brings a hand around the back of his knee to join Tony’s.
“Okay, yeah,” Steve says, too hard. Tony’s gaze flashes momentarily flinty.
Tony shrugs as they make their way to the kitchen, stomachs rumbling and sun shining bright through all the windows.
“About that,” Pierce says, and he’s straight-faced but perversely so, like he’s fighting back some sort of sick thrill. “We might need a different angle on that.”
Tony is quiet, and Steve thinks he’s made a mistake.
“You are going to be very angry with me,” he says solemnly, and from the set of Rogers’ jaw, he knows he’s believed. “But I need you to do something. If not for me, for her.”
“Tony,” he says, petting the bot until it rolls out of the way enough for him to get a better look. “What’s this?”
When Steve sits back down and hands Tony a frosty glass, he’s rewarded with a hand on his thigh. Tony ultimately takes it back to eat, complaining about how Rhodey always overcooks his steak and should leave it to the professionals, but then Tony’s hand is back and just a smidge higher, and Steve’s feeling ready to crawl out of his skin for another reason entirely.
“I loved him,” he says, blinking, tears dripping down the sides of his face, into his hair.
After Steve puts the stones back, he’s not sure of where to go. Not sure of what to do.
There’s a crack about doing this in senior citizen Steve’s bed (Tony), an emphatic disclaimer regarding the clean sheets (Steve), a bit of awkward stripping (both of them), and then they’re finally stretched out against each other, Steve letting Tony kiss him urgently while rolling their hips together.
“What the hell happened in your world?” he demands once Bucky has returned with a striking new vibranium arm, and finally -
“Told me to let him know if I need anything,” Steve says, lips curling up into a rueful, pained smile. “I’m not even mad at him. He’s allowed to go around with anyone he wants, now, isn’t he.”
“I love you - ”
When Steve passes Tony his scotch on the rocks, poured from a bottle that he’s sure must cost at least four figures, he pretends that the moisture on his palms is from the sweating glasses.
“Don’t even think about it,” Bucky says with a glare, and Tony’s arm shrinks back.
This is where he’s supposed to be. This is what he’s supposed to be doing.
“That’s doable,” Denise says stubbornly. “Think of how many more there used to be.”
Tony chuckles, a low and easy rumble that Steve can feet down to the roots of the hairs on the tops of his big toes.
Rogers just moves the smoked salmon bagel platter to edge the French toast closer to Tony.
“I don’t think he will,” Tony’d said quietly. “I don’t think it works like that.”
Hell, Tony doesn’t even know how long Steve was planning on staying. They hadn’t discussed travel arrangements, or lodging, or anything, and it’s only now hitting him that they’re a few hundred miles from the compound with nothing but one of Tony’s cars and the clothes on their backs. Nighttime is rapidly approaching, and it’s a testament to Tony’s patience and tolerance wherever Steve is concerned that he’s let it go this far without stepping in and leaving his overbearing and control-freak prints all over it.
“You stay out of my hot tub!” Tony calls after Carol, who ignores him as she carries the pitcher towards the stairs that lead to the newly completed outdoor area. “Rhodey, I’m writing you out of my will if you defile my brand new hot tub before I do - ”
“We got really lucky with you,” she says, stepping back out of his embrace, and he lets her go as she rubs at her eyes with the inside of her wrists.
Steve shrugs. “I’m still trying to figure that out for myself, to be honest.”
Steve shakes his head as Tony tips the box in his direction in an unspoken offering. “Most celebrity CEOs would pull out the hard stuff.”
It’s so tragically transparent and desperate, Steve’s sure that Tony’s going to laugh at him any second now, but he doesn’t care. Tony just lets out an odd noise, almost disbelieving - but not, that’s not right, it’s not dubious enough for that - and says:
Sirens go off, rattling Steve’s eardrums and flashing red-blue-red-blue.
That’s what he tells himself when his stomach starts to crawl unpleasantly at every new and inescapable headline. It’s got nothing to do with his general distaste for that particular kind of lifestyle, and everything to do with a profound sympathy for Tony’s twisted hurt. No matter how many times he tells himself it’s not his place to judge before admitting that it would be easier to avoid the tabloids, the way he has been since the Battle of New York, he’s a glutton for punishment that can only be soothed by assuring himself that shaking some sense into Tony would make it all stop.
“It’s okay,” she says, and he can’t remember if she’d always been so comfortable touching him. “As I said, you don’t have to stay with us.”
“He was across the street,” Serena explains, again.
The wall of the elevator keeps him upright as he rides to his floor, holding his hand to his chest like he’s stemming the flow of phantom wounds. It feels like there’s a trail of blood dripping behind him, invisible to everyone who doesn’t know how sweetly Tony kisses, how kind he can be, or how much of his famous charm is simultaneously both put-on and more real than almost anything else in the world.
“I’ll be there when I’m needed,” Steve repeats.
In the end, he stays right where he is.
“Seems wrong to talk about a woman I don’t know like that,” Sam admits, “but yeah. Who lets her spew this kind of crap?”
“Who says I’m not having a good time?” Steve asks, and it comes out too quiet but not quiet enough to get lost in the music and hollering of other club patrons.
Maybe they were never meant to be, Steve thinks, looking at the flowers swaying gently in the wind. If Pepper wasn’t in the picture, and if Tony and Rogers were on good terms, then maybe none of it was ever meant to mean anything. Nothing was stopping them, Steve was certain of that, and yet there was nothing between them beyond some quality workplace friendship.
“I didn’t want to fool myself into thinking that you were a Tony that was never mine to have,” Steve says shakily. “I was so relieved when you were born - this world is very fortunate to have you. I knew what I was talking about after your parents died. You really have exceeded anyone’s wildest expectations, and have long since far surpassed your father.”
“I need things to help pass the time,” he says with a shrug, and pretends not to notice how Peggy’s face falls ever so slightly. But then the phone rings, and she moves to answer it before he has to pretend for very long.
Steve smiles at him, knowing it’s sad but unable to help himself.
The hits just keep on coming.
Tony scrutinizes him, curious and waiting.
“Shut up,” Tony says, elbowing him. “Morgan’s done with school in a couple of weeks.”
Steve’s grip on the phone tightens.
It was more difficult than it should have been.
Pepper groans, and then demands, “Did you forget that I’m in Berlin right now?”
“A reserve program sounds like a good idea,” Steve says, adjusting his head till it’s inclined in Tony’s direction, eyes barely cracking open before closing again. “We should start one.”
I needed you, even when I acted like I didn’t. I didn’t want to need you, I wanted to kick your perfect ass, but of course I
He watches Tony rub his lips together like he doesn’t want to laugh.
But he declines to try Bruce’s turmeric lattes and evades capture the entirety of Clint's phase involving the casseroles of his midwestern past. Tony almost envies the way Rogers tactically steers clear of tater-tot casserole and every other dish that begins with cracking open a can of cream of mushroom soup.
Steve’s hands clench tight around fragile cardboard, and he wants to move but he’s rooted to the spot.
“Getting there,” Tony says. “Wanted to show off for the boys, walk them in and everything. Did a little show and tell in Elliot’s chem class. You guys have awful traffic here, I’m calling you so I don’t end up rear-ending someone out of pure spite.”
It feels good, though. Steve’s nails along Tony’s hairline, just light enough to make him want more, to make him want to close his eyes and hum into it and beg for something that he can’t quite put a name to but is unattainable nevertheless.
He says it with the kind of confidence that veers so close to cocky but is still irresistibly attractive, and Tony rests his chin in the palm of his hand and tries to get the conversation back on track. After all, they have somewhere to be very soon.
“Great. Look, I’ve got to go, but you take care of yourself, okay?”
It’s ridiculous, the phrasing, as though he’s got any right to use the word
This time, it’s whether or not Iron Man has done more good than harm over the years. Something impossible to quantify, Steve thinks privately, but then again, he’s not the one being paid to argue it.
He tells Christina when she spikes a mild fever and has to stay home from school. He strokes her hair as she rests her head on his lap and watches daytime cartoons, mouth purple from the popsicle he let her have for lunch. She’s half asleep but clings to him, and Steve knows.
There’s that last bit of human hope inside the wound that doesn’t want confirmation of how he’s outgrown the suit, and Tony Stark to boot.
He shoves the mangled box back on the shelf and leaves the aisle as fast as he can.
“I shouldn’t be surprised that you landed here,” she says, and now her smile has teeth. She lets go of his hand, presumably confident that he’ll continue to follow her, and he switches the cosmos to the other hand. “I did brag that I got you to talk first, so thanks for that.”
“Maybe,” Steve says, already suspicious of a terrible idea. “Depending on the question. But…”
“Not that one.”
“You want one?” Tony asks before Steve can fully collect himself, his signature attitude back as he angles smoke in the direction of a pretty brunette dressed in red. “No one would have to know.”
“I’m two seconds away from making that decision for you,” he grinds out.
“So that’s a ‘no’ to testing out the hair next?” Tony jokes goodnaturedly, expression wary like he’s clocking Steve’s every little motion. Steve can’t blame him for that, and he grimaces as he releases Tony’s hands which fall the rest of the way to his sides before dipping into his pockets.
As he speaks, Steve works Tony’s pants down his hips, just enough to reveal his half-hard length, and Tony forces himself to speak as Steve’s hand wraps around him, sure and strong.
“I’m sorry.”
Sam snorts. “Yeah. You’re as much of a dad as Stark, at this point. You coming back anytime soon?”
“I should go to bed,” Tony says, once it’s clear that Steve won’t be breaking the silence. He picks at the label on the bottle, sticky residue transferring to his nail.
“Stop fooling around,” she tells them, striding towards a ringing landline. “Show the good captain here how to help.”
, because as much as he likes the kid, Tony doesn’t love modern music. Steve hums along and Tony’s fingers itch to tap out the rhythm, wishing Steve would tug him over and soothe the restless exhaustion vibrating down in his very soul. Even so, just knowing that he’s a few inches away is enough to make Tony not want to rush back to his room. Just sitting there feels like a post-battle ritual that makes everything they’ve gone through worth it, and hell, if that isn’t the most disgustingly lovesick thing he’s ever had run through his brain.
“I’m gonna be sick, I’m gonna be - ”
“Not you,” Tony says again with conviction. “I know you. You know that.”
“In Dumbledore’s honor?” Tony jokes as Steve fits the six-pack in the cart.
“I don’t mind,” Steve says, only it’s a beat too slow and Pepper pauses in whatever she’s busy doing on her phone now to look up, minorly perturbed. She must decide that whatever it is isn’t worth the trouble, though, as she returns to her task at hand.
Beth just nods, then hesitates.
The compound is ruined, and the Tower hasn’t been theirs in years. There are offers from others: Sam and Bucky are eager to restart their lives, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, without five years of baggage weighing them down; Clint’s family farm has a certain amount of nostalgia attached to it, but that’s a dangerous road to travel down; Pepper tells him that there are funds, and he’ll always have a place in their lives, but it only takes one look at Morgan at her sleeping father’s side to know that her words are more obligatory than anything.
“Technically, I think Thor and Carol saved the universe,” Steve says, and Tony digs his nails into the back of Steve’s hand. “But you definitely helped.”
He thinks that she might be wrong.
Tony’s head tilts sideways, and Steve, emboldened by the fact that he isn’t running straight away, fits his palm to cup Tony’s cheek, fingers reaching up to curve against his scalp.
Steve grits his teeth.
“No, Tony,” Steve says. He makes sure Tony’s stopped his overdramatic demonstration before meaningfully meeting his gaze. “My answer is no. I’m here to interview you, and that’s it.”
“Relax,” Tony says, but he pulls away anyway. “I am very PG-rated.”
When they all arrive back and intact, he weeps with joy.
“Then stop turning the door into splinters, and let me kiss you,” Tony tells him, and Steve nudges their noses together to make it easier for Tony to find his mouth, covering it with his.
“How could you?” Tony whispers too.
“No,” Steve disagrees, getting up as well. “I think I know exactly what you’re capable of.”
That age-old phrase, water slipping through cupped hands, comes to mind as he splashes his face under the faucet in the connecting bathroom and brushes the foulest taste out of his mouth. Spread legs, devoured laughter, and dark sucking marks all filter through his head but there’s no real weight to any of it, and when Steve looks at his own pale skin, he sees nothing.
“I’ve met him before,” he placates, shifting his body in the direction of the main dining area in the hopes that Tony can follow cues. “You might not remember me, but we’ve met before. Years ago. I interviewed you, and Happy drove us around.”
“Yeah, well. He’s why I’m here. He’s why I’m telling you.”
“Not me,” Tony says, and if Steve weren’t still barely holding him, so delicate as if Tony were blown out of glass, he’d pull away and start walking, start waving his hands around, anything to emphasize his point. “It wasn’t me. How could it be - ”
“I got it,” he says, guilt crawling in to push out the initial unpleasant surprise of Tony’s call. “But Tony, look, there’s no way I can accept it.”
“He’s part Italian. I don’t think he’s had a sunburn in his life.”
“You’re going to get stuck in there,” Steve comments idly, leaning against the kitchenette once he’s made sure that the microwave is on and the mug inside is rotating warmly. “And since I’ve got no idea what you’re up to and you insisted on emphasizing that we’re the only ones in the Tower, you’ll be up creek without a paddle when that happens.”
So Peggy takes her leave and Steve recruits Tony to help him with the dishes, standing on a chair next to the sink with a dish towel to help dry. Tony doesn’t drop a single thing, and when they’re done, Tony insists that Steve come look at the robot he’d stolen from Howard’s office.
“So that’s why we’re here,” Tony says, suddenly very cold, and not in a pleasant way. “This is why you asked me to come with you.”
“Right here,” Tony promises, and he’s doing his best to maintain the fast and even pace that seems to be working for them. It’s through sheer determination to get Steve where he needs to be that he’s managed to hold himself off, but it’s getting harder to keep his composure as Steve falls apart piece by beautiful piece. “I’m right here.”
“Ah.” For the first time since he’d blindly dug his phone out of his pocket to quell the incessant jolting vibrations - and really, it’s far too early on a Saturday for anyone to be calling, so he thinks he’s got every right to be short with her - she sounds less than one-hundred-percent certain. “Yes, we are aware of that. But Mr. Stark was very specific, and I was ordered to contact you directly.”
What matters is that Tony had always been just out of reach. From the beginning to the end, from Loki to a platform with Rogers, Steve has never been able to reach out and ask for him. Steve thinks he knows Tony, inside and out, but he can’t be sure when Tony has always held himself at arm's length from all but a precious few.
Steve thinks of Tony, who has let him know that he’s breaking at least half a dozen traffic laws in order to make it upstate as soon as possible, and leaves his duffel on a table in the hall outside the common area.
Steve shakes his head adamantly because this isn’t about insecurity. “No. I just think, if I hadn’t come along, would she have met him? Would she have married him? Did I steal a bigger happiness from her right out from under her nose?”
“Like a secret,” he says distractedly, unwrapping a few alcohol wipes. He’s reminded of the times he had to patch up his fellow teammates over the years, and it was never anything this small, but it’s good to know that bribery works universally. “What do you say to some fries, Christina?”
“You okay?”
“I love you - ”
“You know,” Tony says, while Steve is still wondering if he’s missed something, some kind of explanation for why Tony has cornered him in the corner of the grand lobby of Stark Tower which is currently transformed into some sort of formal wonderland complete with gold balloons and tiny little hors d’oeuvres with French names that would be unpronounceable if Steve wasn’t the type to remember the basics of the foreign language requirement part of his degree. Tony nudges Steve’s hand, the one gripping the stem of the champagne, with the back of his own champagne-wielding hand. It’s cursory, but Steve flinches and earns a momentary frown for his trouble. “Like in a press conference,” he clarifies. “I open up the floor, you raise your hand, I call on you. ‘Yes, you there. With the hair of a thousand - ’”
“Anything?” Tony asks, a little wary. “Hm. Alright. I guess we’re just diving right in. I can’t find my mom.”
Steve grins at him, passing him a loaded plate.
Tony’s chin is dipping wildly, his story-telling skills rendering him utterly captivating as Steve sets his champagne down on the table and commits every word to memory.
- angry, bleeding again and red-raw angry at letting himself feel this way, at Tony for existing as irresistibly complicated as he does, at his career for leading him here, at himself for not making better choices along the way. He’s finally angry, giving in to the weakness and unwilling to deny it anymore. Despite trying to do his best, it never seems to be enough, always falling short and letting a mere man crush his hopes and dreams time and time again. Tony might have no idea what he’s done, and Steve knows that he’d end up regretting it if he’d been allowed to follow through with the kiss, but it doesn’t matter.
“Bucky will be okay,” Steve says, because he knows this. “That is not the point.”
They’d both mumbled at the floor until they’d gone their separate ways, and Steve had wondered.
“Let’s just say that I knew CNN only gives so many people their own segment in a lifetime.” Steve contemplates another slice of pizza. “Being employed was enough, at first. I had to find the silver lining later.”
And Tony looks at him, long and scorching. He takes the hand that isn’t holding Steve’s and pushes into Steve’s hair, holding him there and cradling his skull tenderly.
Tony scoffs, trying to push his hair into its usual style and hoping he’s not accidentally giving himself away. After all, it’s not like Steve knows how hot he’s growing under the collar with the indirect compliment.
Steve hates himself for not realizing sooner.
that if anyone can figure out whether or not he’s here because he couldn’t survive the loss of a man he hadn’t known he loved, it will be his counterpart. He hasn’t ever wanted anything so much, he’s certain.
They tie-dye. Morgan’s sheets come out aquamarine and tangerine, and Tony shudders at the combination, but she delights in it. They throw in a few white shirts for good measure, with Tony forcing Steve to make him one that’s vibrant red and sunny yellow, and Morgan forces Steve to do a red and royal blue one.
“My life is here, with my wife,” Steve tells him. “And no version of you was ever mine, nor an asshole.”
It would be disheartening if Tony weren’t made of thicker stuff.
He feels like his two lives have finally amounted to something.
Steve grins back. They unpause the movie, and eventually the noise lures Morgan back downstairs. When the credits start to roll, she slouches in the cushions and kicks at the coffee table.
“I don’t know why he told you about me,” Steve says, only he’s just finished telling Tony about Peggy’s funeral, and Tony’s just said that he was glad the alternate version of the Avengers could be there for him.
“Why d’you wanna know, anyway?” Steve asks dubiously.
“By the time we get there - ”
Steve begins to wind things down.
Steve clears his throat.
“Get in the car,” he says. “They’ve got to be missing you.”
Steve nods along, definitely not thinking about what sharing a bed with Tony is like. He’s not the jealous type, and he definitely doesn’t think about how it might compare to what Pepper and Tony had over the years.
“And I thought - that after our road trip, after I drop Morgan back with Pepper, we could stop in on a few of them.”
A butterfly flutters over, settling in atop a bloom. It touches down for mere seconds, delicate and fleeting before it takes off. Steve tracks it with his eyes until he can’t anymore, and then turns to the herb garden he lovingly maintains at Peggy’s request. He brings handfuls of mint inside, handing them to Peggy for cleaning with a kiss to her cheek. She strips the leaves off the stems, and once they’re free of dirt, muddles them for lemonade.
Morgan scowls and snatches back her money.
“No,” Tony says, finding his train of thought again. “Just, you know. An Avengers retreat or something. Where we can all let loose and have fun. And don’t try to tell me that that lame party counts, because it did not. I was basically comatose for the entire thing.”
“More like him getting behind the wheel of a Formula One car that was blown to bits stopped it from happening,” she says, lips pursing in disappointment at the missed opportunity. Steve’s skin feels at least three sizes too small, and he fiddles with the cocktail straw in his drink. “Oh, come on. You can’t possibly be judging me.”
“You’re a good friend,” Steve says quietly as they separate.
When it gets bad, Peggy strokes the back of his hand, light as a butterfly, and doesn’t stop until he can breathe again.
“Is this real, then?”
Rhodes chokes on a tortilla chip at that, and when Carol merely entertains Tony’s staring contest, Wanda is kind enough to dislodge the chip and restore Rhodes’ ability to breathe.
“He did all that because of you.”
A precious smile lazily stretches across Steve’s face.
“He’s beautiful,” Steve says simply, because he knows he should, because it’s true.
Tony is still stuck on the
“Beth,” Steve says, signaling to the boys for a timeout.
“You’re welcome too, Tony,” he says wearily. “I’m not trying to keep anyone away.”
Yeah. Considering what happened last time, drinking alcohol with Tony is going to fall under the highly ill-advised category.
Mouth tipping further up, Tony lowers his lashes in an endearingly poor attempt at playing coy. “Don’t know if anyone’s ever told you, but if you can help it, you’re not supposed to show up the actual nominees at these things.”
As calmly as he can, heart beating a tattoo against the inside of his chest, Steve turns and rests the length of his forearm along the top of the car. He dips his head down, just about bowled over by the intensity in Tony’s eyes but determined to match it as best as he can.
“You’re the best,” she says emphatically, throwing her arms around him once more. “I love you
“Where the hell did you get that?” he asks incredulously, abandoning himself to snatch up the lube, hardly noticing how Steve lets him. “Please tell me you didn’t find this in the medicine cabinet.”
“Manny found a ten-dollar bill on the street,” she says, matter-of-fact as she licks the back of her spoon.
That gets Steve looking at him, a perplexed expression crossing his features.
“Then what is it?” Tony prods. “You had a mom, people before the ice. I assume you had people after Nat and I went. You don’t want to see any of them?”
“It was only two fingers,” Steve says as he deposits the fourth and final bullet in the plastic kidney-shaped basin on his other side, the forceps getting dumped as well. “And there might have been something in that compartment, you never know.”
“Don’t remember,” Tony says dismissively between gulps. “Didn’t happen.”
She just licks salt from her fingers and straightens up, putting her feet on the floor to kick off her flip-flops before her bare feet are pressed up against the windshield. Steve knows he’s going to be wiping footprints off the glass tomorrow, but doesn’t stop her.
feeling jerks behind Steve’s navel as he does his best to keep from treading closer.
“That’s okay,” she says, falling to the flats of her feet, and her hair is beautifully woven together in a way that he swears it wasn’t when they were back in the first clearing. “Do you want to talk to him? Or do you not want to?”
A flicker.
“We’ll be up soon,” Tony says, and he’s back to playing with his toys, looking too busy to be bothered by anything. “You should go shower - I can smell you from here. What happened, you end up in the sewers?”
It’s impossible not to feel for him, which is why before he’s aware of what he’s done, Steve’s got a hand on the back of Tony’s clammy neck.
“Good man,” Tony says, getting up too quickly and needing a second to catch his balance. He narrowly avoids spilling his water, and Steve helps him out by swapping it for the toiletries. What he doesn’t do is say anything else as he disappears from view, and Steve waffles over whether or not to wait for him. It’s the right thing to do, wait till Tony’s on his way to wherever he spends his nights when in town now that his home is in pieces at the bottom of the ocean.
“What for?”
“I’m going to write that down,” Steve says. “Repeat it back to you when Morgan’s asking to borrow the bed you sleep in so she can figure whether or not she might be bisexual.”
He trails fingertips down Tony’s arm, traces the delicate bones of his wrist and then lightly tickles up exposed abdominals until he’s sketching over where he knows the scars from the arc reactor spread out. Tony doesn’t seem bothered, his breathing approaching that evenness that Steve knows like he’d always known the weight of his shield.
On the top of the trash, scattered in amongst the remnants of miniature quiches and crudites, lay at least a dozen tiny white tablets. Steve resists the temptation to look back and examine Tony’s now-open fists.
When he gets back to the house, it’s still quiet. Josie likes to go to the library and read law texts, wanting to be ahead of the curve in the fall, and Denise had mentioned grocery shopping. Steve drinks an entire glass of water in less than a minute, and then refills the cup and adds ice before sitting down at the counter. He’d methodically thrown out or cleaned any sign that Tony had ever been here, and now he almost regrets it.
Only his desk phone rings as soon as he jiggles the mouse to get rid of the generic nature slideshow screensaver, and he picks it up out of habit, jamming the handset between his ear and shoulder without paying any attention to the caller ID.
He doesn’t look back.
“So now we’ve got to get these kids back with their parents,” she says, ignoring him. “Some of these kids, we know they don’t have any. There were a lot of deaths in the aftermath. So then we’ve got the ones who blipped back, and don’t have anywhere to go.”
Bucky doesn’t love talking on the phone, has been mostly solemn and reserved in this new century, but he does take the phone from Sam, and Steve is grateful.
It both placates and enrages him. Yeah, he’ll write an article that most editors would yell at him for, will defend Tony to the ends of space and time as long as Tony’s got good intentions and solid reasoning - but he hates that Tony knows he’ll do it.
Tony’s hand finds his, tugging him towards the hall. “Come on.”
“I know,” Steve says as soothingly as he can as he finishes picking the tiny pieces of asphalt out of her skin. The tweezers feel too small in his hands, but he manages to steadily maneuver them until all that’s left is a raw, red, bloody mess. “Thank you for helping her, Serena.”
,” Steve repeats.
“If you knew the things I’ve thought about,” Tony says, and it’s like being high, his brain fuzzing out yet crystal-clear in its objective. “The things I want to do to you.”
“You did up and leave, like you always do when things get tough. Always acting in your own self-interest.”
“What’s that about?” Tony wants to know.
“I don’t think I’ve ever told anyone that before.”
“Hey,” she says, and she’s smiling, and Steve smiles back. “How are your friends?”
“I’ve just got one question,” Fury says, after Peggy has woken and delivered them mugs of coffee before disappearing inside to fix breakfast. “Why?”
“I can’t do this anymore,” she’d said, shaking her head. “I can’t do this to myself. I can’t live like this.”
Back in D.C., Steve grieves. Some days are more difficult than others, and he feels a loneliness that he hasn’t fully felt in this timeline. It reminds him of his original universe and he retreats to the garden, pruning and weeding and watering. The feel of leaves and petals between his roughened fingertips reminds him of life, and he reminds himself that his time has not yet come.
(He’d been in the middle of the line at the corner store when the staticky radio behind the counter had crackled with a familiar name, causing him to fumble a cold brew and a pack of gum till the man at the register had looked at him suspiciously, like Steve’d been on something, except he hadn’t been; he just hadn’t been able to handle hearing how Tony was taking his break-up harder than ever, sighted pouring champagne down the bare chests of several male performers in a club not more than a single subway line away from where Steve had stood.
“Who is this?” Rogers asks, wary but not suspicious. “Nobody has this number. Not yet.”
“What, you don’t want a ride in the kind-of-finished jet?” Tony asks, jerking a chin in the direction of the engine component he’s been working on. “I don’t have a helicopter handy, otherwise I’d offer one up. Think I left one at the compound, but if you really wanted, I could have it - ”
Tony is wasted, a product of days of drugs and alcohol and attempts to lose himself to escape the misery, but he’s always been too clever for his own good. Nothing can do much beyond slightly dampening that, slowing down his neural processes just barely.
They slip away from the crowd as soon as the ceremony ends, and Tony’s got no idea how no one stops them. The rest of the team is going to kill them afterward - minus Thor, who always seems to exhilarate in the random medals they’re awarded for every little thing they do - but it’s worth the way Steve points him down the street with a warm hand to his back.
Tony fixes Steve with suspicion. “How d’you know about Happy?”
“I don’t suppose you’re going to help me out with that, then.”
He fixes Tony with a serious expression, halting him in his open-mouthed hot-headed refutation.
“Your ribs are okay?” Steve asks, and when Tony glances down, Steve isn’t looking anywhere but the mottled red-purple-blue, the bruise ugly and still settling in. “No cracks?”
“You’re drunk,” Steve says, because the roof of his mouth tastes unfathomably of scotch. He ignores the transfer of a blunted mintiness that lurks behind his front teeth, and how Tony’s temptingly rock-hard against him.
“You invited me here presumably without any kind of agenda, for one,” Tony starts, holding up a single finger with the hand that isn’t loosely holding his beer. “You’ve been acting all kinds of weird since we got here.” He puts up a second finger. “And you keep touching me, which hey, I’m not complaining about, but you can’t tell me it’s not out of the ordinary.” Steve doesn’t even flinch as Tony waves three fingers in his face, coming dangerously close to knocking the lip of his bottle past his reluctantly grinning mouth and smack-dab into his perfect teeth. “If you really want a fourth one, we can talk about what we’re going to do with the house, because if you have a plan, it might be worth sharing with the class.”
“Just wanted to know if you got the package,” Tony interrupts calmly. “That’s all. Got the confirmation from Bernard, but - ”
Rogers is solemn as he ascends, knuckles still white as he approaches.
“Not yet,” Steve says, coming around the station to look at it from a different angle.
“Wait,” Tony says, coming to a grinding halt at the tail end of the cart before they can fully enter an aisle. He fights with his pocket and barely ekes out a win, shoving his phone at Steve and attempting to hip-check him to the side. It doesn’t work, of course, because Steve plants himself like a fucking hundred-year-old tree at every opportunity. “I’ve got a thing with Pepper - she doesn’t think I’ve ever pushed a shopping cart, so I’m going to need this documented for her.”
Old man Rogers did a thorough job cleaning the place out, clearly anticipating his journey into his original universe to be a permanent one. It almost makes Tony chuckle despite how thoroughly he’d been played, tricked into sending the poor guy back to where he came from to do whatever it is that men do when they’re on the brink of becoming a centenarian, or whatever age he’d considered himself to be. Presumably it gets a little fuzzy when jumping between timelines like it’s a fucking sport at the Olympics.
“Tony, then,” Steve says, and he adjusts the handset more securely before reaching for the drawer with his phone. “Look, if this is about the - ”
“That’s your name,” Serena says, poking Steve’s side as he gets the adhesive smoothed down, the booboo all taken care of. He shifts the phone, covers the receiver, and gives the two of them his best strict parental figure face.
“So you
“I will,” Tony says, and it feels like a vow of sorts.
“You know what, that’s fine,” Peter says, holding his hands up as Carol sits down and slides the glass his way. “I’m close enough.”
then it’s Steve Rogers.
“You’re hilarious,” Steve says with not a hint of humor as he sets his free hand on his hip, feeling his toes curl into the soles of his shoes. “Absolutely fucking hilarious.”
“You know,” she starts, “after you published that piece the way you did, I wondered whether I’d misjudged you.”
“He kind of made me promise to tell you,” Steve says, and Tony is bewildered by the look on his face as he recalls something, distant but bordering on affectionate. “Threatened my manhood. Said if I was half the man he was, I’d tell you.”
“You know,” Tony says, wrinkling his nose, “if you didn’t want to match, you could’ve just said so.”
They’re walking up to their rooms when Steve nudges the back of Tony’s hand to get his attention, and Tony looks over in surprise.
“Well, if it’s
“I didn’t know how to belong after everything,” Steve says, and his hands feel big and clunky, and he doesn’t know what to do with them. “You had Pepper and Morgan, and Rhodes and Happy. And you’d been without everyone else for so long, and after what you did for all of us, I didn’t want to take anything else from you.”
Tony drinks his lemonade, fingers tapping on the table, leg bouncing underneath.
“It was the first one,” Steve corrects, trying not to let his embarrassment show. “Half the kids in my major in college wanted to be the next Christiane Amanpour, and the other half just wanted to interview famous people.”
“Wow,” Steve says, opening his eyes to catch Tony’s delightfully frustrated expression. “Would you look at that? I’m exactly where I want to be.”
Steve tells him.
“I’m including that,” he tells Steve, who merely shrugs those massive shoulders in response.
He accepts it, and she pulls him onward.
“I’ve got to go,” Tony says regrettably, just as the conversation veers into dangerous territory, with Steve stumbling over how much he is looking forward to being together again. Tony likes teasing him, saying that Steve’s always looking for excuses to keep the distance between them, but Steve sees right through it to the insecurity underneath. Try as he might to balance everything in his life right now, he doesn’t want Tony thinking for even one second that Steve won’t do whatever Tony needs of him.
“I am begging you,” Tony says, appreciating Steve’s complete lack of modesty as he efficiently sheds the uniform and swaps out his compression underwear for a pair of cotton briefs, so fast that all Tony can see is a large swath of pale skin and a hint of soft cock, no time for details as Steve dresses with that military efficiency and implicit acceptance of momentary nudity. “Please, please, please. Just once, try to make it back from one of these bonding exercises without giving me more work.”
What he hadn’t realized was his deep-seated belief that if he hadn’t been so selfish, then maybe he would have discovered his feelings for Tony much sooner. And subsequently, he hadn’t realized that in his desperation to reconcile those feelings with the life he had originally led, he’d pinned all those feelings on an alternate version of himself.
He’s completely joking, because Steve is more than competent and Tony is getting old, which is half of why he’s bowing out gracefully like this.
“You know,” Tony says, when Steve’s licking mustard from his fingers after his second hot dog, “that’s very well and all, but does not compare to the real thing.”
It’s decently late, Steve thinks as he runs through all the material he’s gotten tonight. Late enough that he could leave if he wanted to, get a car back to his hotel and hang up the newest overpriced tuxedo he’s been permitted to borrow. He’s been thinking about room service nachos for the last ten minutes while sipping his seltzer and lime, but in true Everhart effect, he’s suddenly feeling like he could be doing a whole lot better. Not everyone can have gone to Ivy League schools, he reminds himself.
Not again, at least.
“I get an allowance,” she says, putting her yogurt drink on the counter and pulling her backpack off her shoulders, unzipping the smaller pocket. “I’ve got dollars. Here, look. How much is this? Enough for Disneyland?”
“He told Bonnie to call him Tony.” Beth rolls her eyes again.
“You boys planning on coming down to the meeting you called anytime soon?” she asks, and a glance at the clock on the wall reveals that time has indeed flown by without the two of them noticing.
“Steve Rogers.”
“I'm greatly offended,” Tony says, pressing a kiss to her cheek. Pepper accepts it reluctantly, and Steve drains the wine and places the glass to the side of the spotless sink. “Tell me if it starts making funny noises again, I’ll come over with a real tool kit.”
“My apologies.” Her voice is crisp and not apologetic at all, but she gathers herself and stands tall, looking out before them like a lioness surveying the savanna. She doesn’t even bother bidding him goodbye, which is perfectly fine with him, and he doesn’t bother watching as she slinks away into the crowd.
Steve had moved on pretty quickly after that.)
“Yeah,” he says, soft. “I remember.”
“Yes?”
“Something like that,” Rogers says. “Tell you about it later.”
That night, he sinks to his knees and presses his face to Peggy’s soft, flat stomach. His arms go round her waist and she holds him close and sighs, and the cool touch of her wedding band against the back of his neck is the only thing grounding him.
Steve must hear the bruises in his tone, because he knocks their shoulders together and smiles brilliantly. Jesus, his teeth are appallingly white.
Steve rolls his eyes, drawing up to his full height.
“His Tony died,” he says out loud, and it’s like ice slipping down his spine.
“I didn’t know,” Steve says, frowning at the audible air quotes around the words
