So, they were a few hours away from his departure.  The three men conversed lightly while they drank their coffee.  John had yet to make an appearance, for which Dean was secretly grateful.  He didn’t have the wherewithal to deal with John’s bullshit right now.  He still needed to repack his duffel but he was reluctant to do so.  It would be real that he was leaving once he did.
Dean stood on the front porch of his family home and he was terrified.  He’d thought of nothing but seeing Sam and Bobby since Cas had said he could go home days ago, but now he was realizing that he was going to be in some serious shit with them.  He’d up and vanished one day out of the blue and hadn’t sent word or anything to them in months.  Fuck, they were going to kick his ass!
Bobby chuckled at him and gave him a few gruff pats on the shoulder.  “Didn’t doubt it for a moment.”
Dean snapped into mother mode immediately.  He side-stepped Cas and began to run his fingers gently up and over the muscles of the bird's wing.  Cas gave him a feeble protest that was ignored and eventually he settled himself and allowed Dean to look him over.  It took only a moment for Dean to pinpoint the issue.  The joint holding Cas’s left wing to his back seemed to be dislocated.  He prodded the area gently and frowned when Cas groaned in pain.
“When’s your bird coming?”  Bobby asked unceremoniously as he entered the kitchen an hour or so later.
Dean had another five days at home.  He’d been happily ignoring his deadline as best he could for the last few weeks, but it was looming so closely now that he couldn’t put it from his mind anymore.  He was oddly excited to see Cas again, but he had already begun mourning the loss of his family.  He could only hope that this visit he’d been allowed wasn’t a one-time thing.  Surely, Cas wasn’t so cold-hearted?  Dean didn’t know what the rules were for him living with the bird, or even if Cas was making the rules himself.  In fact, the more he considered it, the more likely it seemed that someone else, or something else, had put these rules into effect and it just so happened to affect them both.  Cas seemed to enjoy his company, sure, but he certainly didn’t seem like the type of creature to willfully harm another.  And keeping Dean from his family harmed him regardless of how you defined the word.
That brought Dean up short.  He had been expecting a nightmare scenario, fighting for his life against a horde of creatures from the pits of Hell itself, instead he was faced with… an existential crisis?  He was not getting into a philosophical “shadows in the cave” discussion with a giant fucking bird.
“Sammy?”  Dean yelled loudly as he entered the house.  His hands were full of shopping bags, reusable ones so Sam wouldn’t bitch at him about the environment, and he was having trouble navigating the entryway with them.  “Sammy!  You and your hair get down here and help!”
“So… I’m not really sure where I’ve uh, been.”  He started inelegantly.  He was sitting with his shoulders hunched slightly and his head hung down.  Shit, he should have practiced this before showing up here.  He’d had like three days to prepare!
“What’s going on?  What hurts?”  Dean asked quickly.  He did a quick visual inspection of his brother and ran his hands over Sam’s chest and shoulder, checking for visible injuries.
From there, the whole thing dissolved into a screaming match between the two.  It only ended when Sam started coughing loudly and Dean had to rush into the kitchen for an inhaler.  The two of them proceeded to ignore each other for the rest of the day and into the night.  Dean was furious with himself for even bringing any of this shit up to Sam.  Sam was understandably furious that Dean was going to agree to make a deal with a creature neither of them had ever heard of.
Dean smiled at him again and rolled his eyes at the bird.  He was a strange one, but Dean liked to think he was finally starting to understand him a little.  “Night, Cas!”  He said with a wave over his shoulder as he walked from the room.
He didn’t think he had any tears left, but somehow some managed to leak passed his eyelashes and down his cheeks.  “I know we’ve been avoiding these conversations, these big talks about the future.  I always thought I was doing it for your benefit, but maybe I’m a coward for trying to ignore it.  But, Sam you HAVE to be open with me.  I’m not ready… I’m not ready to lose you, Sammy.  Do you understand that?”
A high-pitched ringing entered his ears then and he shook his head slightly to try to clear the sound from his head.  The noise only seemed to get louder though and Dean frowned against it.  He looked around wildly for the source and clapped a hand over one ear in an attempt to drown it out.  That had little to no effect and Dean realized that the noise was starting to get painful.  He shifted his weight backwards so he could place his other hand against his ear as well.
The doctor laughed at him prettily. “You three are too much. I know the charts say “Winchester” but I have a hard time believing it when I haven't seen John here in over 5 years. Nope, sorry kiddos, you're Singer’s to me.”
The air around them was silent while Dean continued to pick at his food.  He could feel those disturbing eyes of Cas’s on the top of his head and he did his best to ignore the hole they felt like they were burning into him.
John had managed to hold it together for a few years after that, just until Dean was old enough to be left alone to tend to his sick little brother.  Sam’s condition wasn’t as bad back then and it was easier for a small child to deal with it.  Once Dean had been old enough to hold a gun and dial Bobby’s number, John had folded.  The madness that gripped him over Mary’s death finally consumed him.  He began hunting with a vengeance, leaving for weeks at a time to follow this lead or that trail.  Nothing ever came of it, and Dean watched as his father slipped further and further away from him.
“Going away party!”  Sam repeated and laughed as Dean tossed some of the soft powdered snow at him.  “You’re hard to shop for!  But we know you like beer and burgers.”
It took him a moment to fully take in Cas’s appearance, joyous as he was to see him.  But when Cas didn’t respond, he noticed the awkward way that Cas was standing and that one of his wings was dragging a little lower than normal.  He frowned and approached the bird carefully.
Dean closed his eyes against the sight of the night sky and willed back the tears he could feel building in his eyes.  Dean had done everything for him, he’d been both of Sam’s parents, his brother, his teacher, his caretaker… Why would he do this to him?  Dean swallowed against the knot in his throat.  The question of “why” continued to repeat itself over and over in his head.  He just couldn’t seem to come up with a good reason.
Dean suspected as much but he looked at the bird askance anyway.  It was nice enough, it wasn’t the Hilton, but he could be comfortable enough in here.  Hell, he’d managed to sleep in Baby more times than he could count, so he could definitely make this work.
Dean gave his brother a disbelieving look and decided to wait him out.  Sam would spill the beans in approximately… 5...4...3...2…
Dean felt sadness prick at him while he looked at Bobby and Sam interacting in the kitchen.  They had a strange and dysfunctional family and he was going to miss the hell out of them.  Now wasn’t the time for tears though, he could feel sorry for himself later.  He needed to mark another item off of his to-do list now.
It was weird being home without having to do any of Sam’s treatments before bed.  Dean actually had followed Sam into his room by force of habit until Sam had turned with a laugh and reminded him it wasn’t necessary.  Dean had spluttered in embarrassment before flipping Sam the bird and exiting quickly.
Bobby’s expression didn’t change as he set a small styrofoam container on Sam’s bed.  Where the Hell was he hiding all of this food?  Sam visibly brightened at the sight and lack of smell coming from his own container.  He popped the lid of the styrofoam and smiled widely at the contents.
The two looked at one another silently for a moment before Dean felt a large smile break across his face.  It was followed by a laugh loud enough to startle the bird before him.  He tossed his head backwards and wheezed at the ceiling before meeting Castiel’s wide eyes.  The concerned look on the bird’s face pushed him further over the edge and he doubled over.  He had an arm wrapped around his waist and could feel tears streaming down his cheeks.  It was a hysterical sound, the joke likely not as funny as he was making it out to be.  But he’d been building up his emotions all day and it felt good to get some of them out right now.  Even if he did sound half crazed.
"I know" Cas replies solemnly, he wanted it too, but with Dean. Of course, that was never going to happen Dean didn't reciprocate his feelings, "You never told me why you and Benny broke up anyways"
“Alright alright” Mary says pushing her hands down towards the both of them, “That’s enough you two”
Then the dog jumps off running out the door. Dean’s shoulders begin to shake when he’s gone but no tears drop from his eyes – he’s managed to make someone else leave him.
Instead of hanging out with Gabriel and Anna anymore he spent time with Gabe alone. When Gabe got distracted by friends or girls while they were spending time together, Cas would email Dean or call him. After Dean found out Cas hadn’t watched a single one of the movies he deemed as classics. It had become a tradition of theirs to watch a movie together after school every
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says with a small blush, holding out his hand for Dean to shake “I’m Castiel.”
“I’m sorry Dean” Cas speaks when the silence is too overbearing. His heart feels like it’s going to wrack out of his chest. Dean wraps the bandage tighter.
Dean places his head on Cas’s with a slight tilt of his head, able to do so by the way Cas is leaning down, “Morning mom, Merry Christmas.”
Lucifer smirks “so… Buddy.” He rocks back and forth, “Now it’s time for you to decide. Dump the chumps,” He points to the brothers then Cas, who are getting to their feet again. Cas a little slower than the others still not fully juiced back up again, as Dean would say, “and join the winning team with me and gramps. Woo! Of course, that’s the only way you are staying alive, since-“ he looks Jack up and down, “You aren’t strong enough to fight me now”
"Course I can Cas you're my boyfriend" Dean smiles but then he remembers no he's not, this is just pretend. Quitier, he adds "well sorta"
“Don’t!” Castiel yelled with wide pleading eyes. He grabbed the sleeve of Crowley’s  coat, pulling him away before he could stomp it out.
As it turns out it’s delicious. Despite not liking the fact that he has to eat again it is nice to taste not only molecules. To listen to the light music playing in the diner. To get his bearings on being alive once again as well as human. He thinks that he maybe likes grilled cheese better than either pbj’s or burgers.
Chuck moves his head from one side to the other as if deliberating this thought for a while, “No. I don’t think I will.”
Though it isn't right to invade Cas’s privacy. Dean can't seem to stop himself from reading the list.
“Dean” Cas bumped him, with a worried expression on his face. Dean however didn’t flinch, at the movement, “Dean?” Cas repeated.
Part of him thought about telling Dean when his heart broke watching them kiss, but he would never do that he was too afraid. That was always his downfall though wasn't it that he is too afraid.
He sent his roommate and best friend Dean to pick up their other friend Charlie. Still Cas was wary whether Dean would do it or not. It's not that Dean was unreliable it's just that he always found ways to embarrass Cas.
“I was wondering how long you would stand out there for” The man chuckled with a gruff voice “You must be Castiel”
Disappointment colors Michael’s words. Without words his intonation claims that Cas deserved the treatment he received. Dean doesn’t say anything. But he feels the tendrils of guilt wrapping around his chest, suffocating. All the words left unspoken between them.
Dean is weary of Michael, sure he helped them against Chuck before but that was when Adam was with him. This didn’t mean they could trust him now, not that they had much option.
His tongue running against the other man’s teeth. Tangling up in each other’s mouths in the best way possible. Tongue, teeth, lips, and passion.
Since most of the feathers on his costume had a sheen of blue to them he wanted to incorporate that with his look.
When it is all over Cas sits in the white corridors, just outside the door of the twenty-five-year-old autistic man. Still each soul has its own door, but now each person coincides together within their doors. Castiel looks through the white walls seeing into the eternal Tuesday. The man still flies his kite in the park, surrounded by bushes and blooming flowers. Except now, there are kites all around his. Those of his family and other times they are enjoying a picnic. But it feels different to Cas. Not like the way this man’s heaven made him feel before – before he fell.
“Really?” Dean asks giving his hand a comforting squeeze, “My mom um passed away too. Every night she use to say angels were watching over me. Maybe you are my angel.”
All the fear and doubts are still playing Jumanji inside Dean’s chest, and the spiteful thoughts are banging on the backdoor of his mind; yet he finds himself smiling.
Dean nods at his Sam who gives an approving thumbs up, and mouths ‘finally’. To which he flips his little brother off. Then just because kisses Cas long and hot, his tongue swiping the inside of his mouth.
Dean looks at him one last time with love, a love he will shove down to the depths of his mind. Never allowing it to resurface again, because Cas deserves to be happy and his brother deserves to be happy too. He looks away again, at least Cas will still be here. At least they can still be friends. Maybe one day this gaping hole in his chest will finally close.
“Just let it all out Cas” Dean shushes, letting Cas curl into him. Sobbing into his chest but Dean couldn’t care less. He brushes his hand up and down the other boy’s side.
His thoughts snap just as his hopes arise. It’s probably true too, Dean would have done something if he felt the same. He always has confidence with relationships, and his flirtatious manner.
"Hold on tight" the guy driving the tractor called to the group, each of them braced themselves on the back of the hay bales. Dean noticed the light pink blush on Cas's cheeks once their fingers brush but also how he didn't move away.
Cas stops looking at his hand, gazing into his eyes. Soulful blue eyes enchanting him. Maybe it is something about him being an angel that compels people to confess ”what is wrong Dean? Please tell me the truth this time.”
“You always were one for rebellion Castiel, not unlike Lucifer. Yet with you it was always too much heart, a crack in your molding.” Michaels words seem to strike a chord in Cas as his hand raises in a practiced manner, as before when he would materialize his angel blade. But it only lasts a moment before he drops his hand away. Dean remembers what Chuck said about him, a crack in his chaise. Like father, like son, “Naomi always had to reshape you. Still, it seems you’ve managed even around that.”
It feels as if all the tension and seriousness of the reconciliation are lost in the doorway to the living room. As they cross.
The two smiled at each other, lost in each other’s eyes for a long moment. Some how even sappier than before.
Dean doesn’t know whether it’s the sleepiness still in his veins. The way Cas looks entirely perfect talking to his mother. Or the stupid gingerbread Cas is adorning with a blue tie and a trench coat, but all at once he is swept away. Allowing his heart to take the lead, with not an ounce of thought or push back.
Cas stops his laughter after a moment as well a smile still on his lips, and something else. An unreadable expression in his eyes as he looks at Dean "What?"
From the shuffling of his feet, Cas gathered that it had to have been Dean leaving his room last night. Which would explain the blankets covering him and the medicine. He just thought it was a figment of his imagination. Wishful thinking and all.
Everything around them right now, the people going about their day as if nothing happened, a ruse of shock. Soon enough the events will catch up with them, and Dean knows that will mean chaos.
“See that’s not who I am” Dean says, and he sounds so sure of himself when he says it, “That’s not who we are. It just took someone really important saying it.” He places a hand on Cas’s forearm, before the book, “To make me understand that.”
Dean turns around, looking at Sam with his tear brimmed eyes. Still kneeling in the paint that’s begun to dry around him. Miracle stands at Sam’s side. Sam sighs and runs his hand through his hair with a yawn.
“I don’t want to no longer to this either” he growls, voice absolutely wrecked, “Do you think I didn’t mean what I said downstairs. I love you Dean.”
Light chatter filled their ears, but they just relaxed in content silence. Their eyes speaking volumes more than the people around them - silent sweet nothings.
All this time he hadn’t realized he has been playing third wheel to the two of them. The way Cas kept eyeing him throughout the night clearly wanting to have some alone time with the other Winchester.
“Without the book” Dean shrugs, Jack has something going on a plan b maybe but, they aren’t even sure he can do anything with that power, “I’m sure he’s ready to make a move.”
By the time Dean finished rambling his words were hardly audible over the sob wracking through his body. His hands clung to the the back of Cas’s shirt. He stuffed his face in the crook of Cas’s shoulder.
Sam snorts with a light nod, Cas presumes he anticipated that response all along, “I couldn’t save anybody – Billie – or I guess Chuck-”
Dean sucked in a breath, suddenly he was the one shrinking under Cas. His body on fire and his stomach doing summersaults ”then I’d have to ask can I kiss you”
The angel notices the way Dean’s eyes drop to the road below them with an ashamed expression. He looks up at the Nephilim “-Jack”
From it they hear scuffing and scraping along the floors. Dean yanks the handle revealing two young boys inside. Both cowering in fear, and their clothing covered in dirt.
“Okay” Dean breathes into his neck, “just make sure you have your hat and gloves. I’m not sharing mine”
There is a sympathetic frown etched onto Sam’s face when Dean looks up again. He can’t stop the few tears brimming on his eyes from falling. Sam doesn’t seem surprised, just concerned “Did you want him too?”
Cas helps Mary grab out a dish from the oven, antsy from waiting for Dean to return. Setting up a dinner table shouldn’t have taken this long for them to complete... He places the dish on two potholders on the counter, “here you go, I’m gonna go find Dean” he calls out to Mary.
"Nothing" Cas squeezes his arms tighter around him, counting his breaths. Edging himself away from a panic attack.
His heart pounds against his chest in anticipation, waiting for rejection maybe. But instead those blue angel eyes flit to the mistletoe, and with a deep breath that hope and happiness is back.
This time there is no music or finger tapping of any kind. Other than the sound of  Sam fingers hitting the keyboard as he texts Eileen the specifics of the case. And probably a few other things judging by Sam’s smile. Dean just watches the road his usual gliding movements across the road, a little rougher.
"Listen son, I owe you an apology" John steps forward but not so much as to interfere with the invisible wall John created between himself and his son. Dean watches as he directs his attention to Cas, apologetically "I owe both of you an apology."
Sam regards Dean with a calculating look, which he promptly ignores snatching the impala keys off the counter. Throwing on his jacket, the gaping hole in his chest expanding as he sees the bloody handprint on the side, “I don’t think that is a good idea Dean”
Cas pauses taking a breath and with all of his passion. He confesses his truth unwavering away from the man. Looking at him with murder in his eyes, "I am very much in love with your son. Nothing about my love for him will ever be fake. I promise you that. He is the love of my life."
”But not everything is bittersweet, and sometimes things work.” There was a pleading in Dean’s eyes as if he was begging for something, something Castiel couldn't decipher. Or maybe just didn't believe could be possible.
They sink back down into the cushion. Dean’s head falling onto Cas’s shoulder, wrapped gently up in each other. Fingers laced, an arm sneaked behind Dean’s waist. Suddenly the loveseat isn’t too small after all.
Once again, he places his hand on Cas’s face cupping his cheeks delicately. He doesn’t have time to processes the strange not skin like texture beneath his hands. Nor the burnt smell of meat, that stings wrongly in his nose, as he feels the familiar warmth of Castiel’s grace. It spiderwebs itself through his body from where Cas is clutching his arm.
Flashes through Cas's mind as Dean snaps his head towards Cas.  His forest green eyes widening three times their normal size. Eyebrows shooting up towards his tousled hairline, "What" Dean sputters.
When Dean stayed over on the weekends or he spent time with him somewhere else the house was a bit less lonely and so was Castiel. He loved spending time with Dean sometimes just talking for hours on end.
Jack hears a snap from behind him – Lucifer. Betty is cut off from her retelling of God’s demise, with a loud scream from her lips. She seems to turn to stone before their eyes then crumble into a million pieces. The book falls a moment before Lucifer sucks it to himself. Flying right into his hands, all of them gasping in shock and spinning towards the devil himself to watch it all unfold.
“Listen Dean I just – Chuck is gone we are free. I know your best frien- um C- is gone but-“ Sam stumbles over his words, careful not to rage Dean, but he can’t even hear him. Not over the anger and pain thrumming in his eardrums.
"Hello Mary," Cas says warmly before he is pulled into a hug of his own, but not an ounce of red dashes his face, however. Mary always makes him feel a mother's warmth even though he hadn't gotten that in a long time. Finally, she pulls away from the two of them, scanning down the both of them. Probably in assurance they are eating enough. Classic mom style. Cas too looks to Dean. Admiring the way his hair spikes a few fallen snow flurries effortlessly.
“Yes” Cas smiled, and Dean could not bring himself to say any of his grievances with the drawings. Except…
Bobby rolls his eyes, running a hand over the scruff on his chin, adjusting his cap, "That boy can be such an idjit. I ought to go down there and whoop him myself."
“Yes” Castiel whispers an ache searing in his chest. Dean can’t even say his nickname anymore. Even though his mind is yelling at him to stop. That this is only going to break his heart more, he lets Dean pull him into a hug. He relishes in the way Dean buries his head into his shoulder and feels the hot tears from his eyes. Cas hugs back just as tight, probably for the last time.
“Winded” Michael nods tiredly, and Dean opens the fridge door, “I haven’t had a battle like that in many centuries.”
Jack cocks his head towards Dean then back to Cas. While Sam wears a look of understanding and confusion at the same time symbolic to two spools of taffy churning together.
Dean’s face hardens at his words, and he seems to contemplate saying something else till his eyes meet Castiel’s own. Castiel gives him an apologetic look, gesturing to the duffle on his shoulder.
"I don't want this to be weird, buddy" Dean sniffs, his hands placid over the dresser top that he is staring at. Though his shoulders are hunched he remains composed, as if this isn't the worst break up he's had.
Cas pulled back after soaking in the perfect, precious if not a tad awkward - with their noses bumping - first kiss ”What coffee were you drinking”
“Well, we we’re glad you were here,” Dean manages to choke out, though he far from means it, “Chuck’s getting desperate.”
Suddenly Cas knows if Halloween hadn’t already been his favorite holiday it is now. Maybe because it’s the night he finally told Dean he loves him and he said it back.
The Winchester brothers however are not, instead of responding the just look at her with confused expressions, “The book.”
“Dude” Sam laughed as he entered the room. Dean rolled his eyes at his brother’s running attire, he didn’t know how anyone could get up this early to – run. No Dean will much rather take his heart attack thank you very much, “Love the new décor”
“Come on now it's Christmas. Let's open some presents and eat some cinnamon rolls" he exclaims, throwing up his hands.
They leave Betty alone in map room to open and read the book, when she claims, “This isn’t a group project.” Then slams the door in their face.
“Ugh” Dean gasps sharply, his arms falling around Castiel’s waist limply. Then his head to Cas’s soft shoulder.
Dean grits his teeth in frustration, pressing his palms into the table "Damn it no, and that's the problem. Sam, he offered to pretend to be my boyfriend because he felt bad that I was upset over letting mom down by not bringing a boyfriend. I agreed to it like an idiot would because i just wanted the chance to know what it would be like to be with Cas just once."
Cas can hear Dean nod over the phone before he seems to realize Cas can’t see him “Yeah he’s my favorite too. Well, him or princess Leia.”
Castiel flinches at the angry tone, gluing his eyes to the ground again. Dean reaches up and pushes a piece of his hair back. Fingers gently listing over his cold skin. Too gentle for the way he is yelling. Too gentle for the resentment in his voice. Cas doesn’t understand. The rain still pouring around them, the glow of the impala lights, illuminating them on the empty street. Cas repeats “I am sorry Dean. I should not have come back. I know you do not want me here. I know you probably hate me now that you… know.”
Dean widens his eyes popping up from the bed, as Sam leaves. He walks to the door, smelling the ham and turkey awaiting them downstairs. Along with the rest of their family.
An old case their dad worked. They pull John’s book from the glove box referencing it for the first time in years. For a long time, it hadn’t been useful with all the lore at the bunker, and everything they learned over the years.
Michael frowns shoving the golden blade up under the book, directly into his brother’s heart. Twisting it sharply as his final act of mercy. Lucifer groans, his eyes flickering out, and stumbles backwards. Finally dropping the book as his eyes start to roll backwards, he tips his head back. Then screams, red light emitting from his mouth and eyes, a catastrophic event. Jack struggles to stay up right as the power of Lucifers death rolls off of him in waves. Crashing to shore with the Nephilim as its final resting place. He stands his ground strong against the power. As twisted and corrosive as it seems, everything that Lucifer is – or was, churning it within him to something better – pure.  Suddenly Cas is there at his side. Dean at the other. Both holding his arms, holding him steady against the surge of power. Taking part of the burden themselves. And then it stops with a final surge, as Lucifer burst into the air just red embers disappearing in the air.
“Man, you know valentines’ day is a day for couples, like people in a romantic relationship?” Dean clarified, way to add the man in there really sounds less gay now. Maybe there was still this dying ember of hope that still remained in Dean’s pathetic little heart that Cas could feel the same, at least one day.
Heaven no longer depended on the angels to support it. Nor was it just memories playing in a loop but everyone together. It was peace together with one another, even Bobby agreed, the day Castiel visited him.
Dean’s smile dropped when Cas looked back at him. His face held something Dean could only describe as heartbreak. He rushed to Cas’s side, slotting himself back in his pocket of warmth now slightly colder than he left it.
John stumbles out the door, leaving Cas reeling. But when he looks up at Dean, he shakes off the feeling. Dean needs support more than he does. Stepping fully into Dean’s bedroom he grins, the room suits him, “Hello Dean.”
“Did I ever tell you about her” Cas asks glancing at Dean and then back out over the pond. Eyes glassy and lost in thought. Dean joins him looking out to where the water is just barely frozen. A thin sheet of ice, skating across the expanse of water.
“Thanks, I’m glad you like it” Dean grins though it lacks its usual luster, looking around. Cas’s has a few of the same elements to his room. But he also had books that weren’t just for school and more academia and nature elements as well, “Was Bobby okay on you?”
When Cas sobers up his crying he pushes away with an embarrassed look on his face. His head hung an apology on his lips, but before he can even make out a word, Dean pulls him back so he’s still leaning comfortably against his chest, “I was four when my mom died, a fire, it was quick. I had to be so strong for Sammy and for Dad. I tried to be, but we can’t control how – when we fall apart. Sometimes that hole in your heart where that person was supposed to be collapses.”
His heart beats something entirely new, at their reflection in a passing window. They look like an actual couple for Christmas.
With a silent nod, the two best friends move towards each other. Dean flutters his eyes closed as he feels Cas’s breath against his own. Finally their lips touch just briefly, hardly a kiss, but still it feels as if all the breath has been knocked from his lungs. As if they have been waiting their whole life’s for this one moment.
A bubble of jealousy Cas hadn't felt in a long time began to rise in his chest. He had learned to accept that Dean would be attracted to everyone except him. That was something he learned to live with but now, Dean's supposed to be Cas's boyfriend right now. Err fake boyfriend.
But Dean only relented taking a step forward, grabbing Cas's hand "I mean it Cas. We are done with school, I can go home get my things, you won't have to steal your Dad's car, we can take baby." He practically begged all with a rush, referring to his impala, that was back at home.
“She’s with me now. But that was actually what I wanted to talk about.” Jack replies. The three of them give him a confused look. Jack snaps his fingers and beside him appears Amara. Dean steps back. But Amara just stands peaceful as ever, “I am just me. I could take on the role, but it belongs to someone else.” Jack looks at Amara, placing a hand on her shoulder “This should have always been your job. Now it is.”
Some part of him screams to veer the car off the road into the tree beside him. But he doesn’t he keeps going. The shock of emotions still flooding his system.
Dean looks around the diner he stomped into, slowing to a walk as Sam follows him in. Both him and Sam look around both hoping for any sign of life, but there is none to be found. Only the soft hum of the music playing from the stereos around the bar/diner. Plates of half-eaten food, and bottles of nearly finished beer sit abandoned on the tables and along the bar. Chairs scooted out where people had once sat.  A tray lies at the far end of the diner, shattered pieces of glass all around it, and a puddle of drying beer.
There was such hope there, even though he tried to hide it. His intentions aren't purely selfish; he doesn't want Dean to be heartbroken, but he can admit part of it is selfish. It hurt watching Dean be with Benny when he came over to pick him up or stayed when Cas left.
Without another word, Cas stepped out of the car, walking away. He didn't know where he was going he just knew he needed to leave, and when he returned he knew Dean would be gone.
“No don’t make them feel bad” Cas pleaded with sincerity. Dean admired how much Cas cares, despite his first impressions thinking he was a bit concede but that was just anxiety apparently. Cas gave him puppy eyes that could rival his little brothers any day, “Please”
There was a light drizzle of rain outside today. Sweeping in waves of thick pelts to the ground below, tearing of pieces of leaves, bark, and paint as they fell. Cracking like large lightning bolts between the flecks of paint. The halls were unusually cold and abandoned. Single red lights flaring, along with a blaring alarm through them.
Maybe he should be happy, should be glad that Chuck is gone that the world is saved. That Jack has got everything under control. He is glad, he is more than glad but “He’s gone! Sam, Cas is gone! And he isn’t coming back this time!”
Castiel pulls out the other feather he found today comparing the two. The other is a soft white with hints of blue and green undertones where the sun hits it. Though it is much shorter fitting along his palm, it is just as beautiful. At least to Castiel it is.
“Jack! Jack!” Cas screams the words ripping from his lungs. Door after door speeding by as he races down the corridors. Out of his mind with fear. Just begging, make it there on time, make it there on time. He doesn’t even care that his bones are aching, and his grace is screaming for him to stop.
“Deann” the boy groans slapping away his hand, he looks as if he can’t be much older than six. He fixes his hair giving Cas a curious look, as he fidgets beside Dean.
He paused and Cas scrunched his eyebrows as Dean caresses his cheek. There was no one in the room, no one to deceive with this intimate touch. Why then? Could he?
None of them spoke much of what happened to each other. Entering the side door of the bunker, looking at the paint peeling from the walls, the cobwebs high in the corner of the ceiling where the walls meet. The pots left abandoned in the sink from their last meal. Sam worries a moment over Cas when he stumbles slightly. But Jack is quick to step in taking him to his room to rest and heal. Dean looks away.
Cas stretches his limbs as far as they can reach, moving them in the snow. The cold seeping into his back and the snow falling down his sleeves. He occasionally bumps Dean from their proximity.
. They would hit play at the same time, and over the phone they would talk about it. Which was mostly Cas asking questions about whatever was happening and Dean laughing.
It isn’t until they see the drawing the mom made of the perp, that they realized they had seen this before.
“Nice to meet you” Dean says ensuring she can read his lips. Once he’s finished speaking he nudges Cas expectantly.
“Well then I guess I’m not your son anymore.” Dean stated with a voice so flat and icy he didn’t even recognize it was his own. There was just nothing. He got up from the table ignoring everything.
“The deal I made to save you Jack; I summoned the empty. It took Billie and it tried to take me, but it flamed out…” Cas clarified, in the most unclear way, but in his defense, he really didn’t know either. He skipped over how he summoned the empty, he didn’t need Sam nor Jacks pity too, “I don’t know how, maybe Chuck too, but I think the empty is gone.”
“oh baby” she coos wiping away his tears away with shaky frail hands, “She will fly, and she will be free. Watching over you from the sky and loving you even from afar. I love her too. But it’s because we love someone that we let them go.”
“Me too I turn eleven next week though” Cas answers, swinging their still joined hands as they walk together down the trail. The wind rustles the leaves as it blows gently through the budding green trees. Grasshoppers bounce around their feet, one latching onto his leg before bouncing off again.
The squeaking of the impala doors sound disproportionate to Cas ears as the usual life doesn’t bustle around the town.
”Cas” Dean slurs his voice groggy with alcohol. Green eyes lidded and glossy, as if he had just finished crying. When Cas dumps a small amount of alcohol on the wound Dean springs up fully awake, almost bumping heads with Cas.
With that the dark-haired boy skips off tugging at his brother’s arm sleeve. Distracting him from his flirtatious endeavors with some blond girl. He points off to the freckled face boy. Who is standing there with a large grin, which shows of the gap where on of his front teeth should be. Gabriel nods in confirmation with a sharp warning to be careful and get back in an hour. Cas nods gratefully and skips back over to his new friend.
There wasn’t anyone around the pond, as the weather had grown cold for Kansas. No one wanted to walk back this far in the cold air. Clouds have settled over the sky, knowing the ever-changing weather it would probably rain later.
Dean smirks at the band tee shirt he unwraps, from the pristinely wrapped present, which most definitely came from mom. The new razors stuck in there with it for sure from his dad.
Castiel turns around to face Dean his knight in shining armor. Who is sporting a grin, which only slightly falters as he takes a deep breath finally seeing Castiel. Castiel isn’t much better as he takes in the sight of the other boy. His hair shining like golden honey, an angular face with rounded cheeks reminding him of a chipmunk, and his eyes are the prettiest green Castiel has ever saw. But what really ties it all together is the dusting of little freckles littered across the bridge of his nose and along his cheeks.
However Cas cut him off with a startled noise. He looked at the mess of powders on the ground. He should have felt worse about the palette breaking, as he had spent his remaining savings on it the first month of college; meaning he couldn't afford another one even half as good. But he didn't feel bad about the makeup. Cas was afraid. What did Dean think of him? From the looks off it, it seemed as if he were going to run.
Cas could feel his heart beating out of his chest. Then he felt Dean swirl behind his back, a finger dragging over his shoulder. He fell into the feeling, listening to the music that Dean played.
The three glare him down as he tsks. Ever the disapproving father. From the corner of his eye Cas can see Jack sink further into the seat in an attempt to hide his presence.
“whatever” Dean sniffed, before turning back to Cas, and just before he plunged back in for more kisses, he said “You’re just jealous.”
Another fit of laughter broke out between the two of them. As they got settled into Dean’s room for the next few days.
The inside of the house seems double Christmasy than the outside. Garland strung neatly over most of the shelves. A town of glass snowmen and gingerbread, decorate the buffet-style cabinet beside the door. A large Christmas tree sitting in the corner of the living room. With a large sliver skirt beneath the silver and blue decorated tree. An angel with ceramic wings sits on the top. A tad out of place but Cas knows it’s the one the Winchesters use every year.
Dean’s heart aches in his chest when he hears the whimper. He sets the bottle at his feet and pushes his way into the room still silent as he can. Straightening the blankets, he drapes them lightly over Cas.
Cas nods pulling Dean a bit closer, and Dean nuzzles into his neck, “I wish I could fix this for you Dean. I can’t though. We can still go caroling though. That is something I can fix. I promise I will make it the jolliest time you’ve had this Christmas.”
After a moment however Dean nudge Cas’s hand. Then he got up pressing the cassette tape into place, just as Cas had been, when Dean first arrived. Smiling at the scene around him Dean sat back where he was watching yet again.
"I hope he does because Dean is an amazing man" Cas pauses debating whether to answer her apology. Ultimately though it isn’t Mary’s fault she is only married to him, "Thank you"
“And what if I did -“ Dean asks looking away, as he picks at his sweats “want a rainbow on my cheeks or at least part of one”
This is why Halloween is his favorite holiday. It’s the only one he really had a excuse to wear make up. But still he wasn’t going to do his makeup with Dean there. If he saw the collection that Cas has he would know.
Chuck yells at the back of the impala, for the Winchesters, for any of them. Begging them to not leave him. Dean revs the engine, pulling away. As he tries to get to his feet, he stumbles after them “Wait” he yells. Dean keeps driving the dust kicking up behind him. Chuck coughs falling back to the ground choking on the dust. He crawls towards them on his hands and knees still yelling. In a last-ditch effort, he reaches out to them, but the impala is already too far gone. He falls to the ground landing face first into the sand, he gasps, crying as he claws at the dirt, accepting his fate.
Sam had his forehead buried against Dean’s shoulder and Dean could feel him shake his head vigorously.
He tapped his foot in irritation at himself and crossed his arms in front of him.  He could work this out.  It was just a puzzle, like a temple in Zelda.  First, he needed to retrace his steps so that he could get back on the same floor as his room and the kitchen.  Once down there, he would make a judgement call.
He would have to ask Cas for a smaller towel to use to wash himself.  As it was, he’d simply snagged a clean t-shirt from his bag to use.  It wasn’t ideal, but Dean was a Hunter, he’d definitely managed with less before.  He poured a small amount of the shampoo onto the white of his shirt and used it to scrub his available skin before the water submerged him.  It felt nice to scrub himself clean.  It was warm here, but it was also dry and Dean’s poor body wasn’t used to it.  Working the dead skin off of his arms and legs felt like Heaven right now.
It was only Wednesday, the week was barely half over.  He yawned against his hand and scratched at his stomach.  He had another long day ahead of him at the garage tomorrow and he wasn’t looking forward to it.  He needed a vacation or something, something to pull him out of this funk he seemed to be in.  His ears picked up on something that took his brain a moment to process.  Something wasn’t right…
Dean blinked in surprise at that.  He shook his head a little and leaned in closer to Cas as if he hadn’t heard him.  “Come again?”  He asked, his voice a little more shrill than he’d intended.
Dean still had grit in his eyes and so when he opened them they watered, obscuring his vision. Still, no attack came. He swiped at his eyes in irritation before taking a quick step backward in an attempt to put more space between himself and the creature.
Dean grinned at that, it was a bittersweet feeling.  “And you’re a bitch.  Haven’t I always told you I would take care of you?”
Castiel shuffled again impatiently.  It was still night, and there were many hours ahead of him before he made his flight to get his human back.  He missed Dean’s presence most acutely at night.  He glanced at Dean’s empty bed for the fiftieth time in the last hour.  He knew that it was wrong, Dean didn’t know that they shared the bed at night, but it had become his favorite part of his long days.  There was something peaceful about lying next to the large man that he couldn’t quite place his finger, or feather as was the case, on.
Dean practically bolted when he saw the real Castiel. Next he was probably going to ask the admission to transfer dorm mates next semester. Those three years of roommates to friends would be for nothing.
Cas swallows back the pain, not understanding it. How he is still here? The empty came for him. He felt it the nothingness calling him back once more to follow through with their deal, then it faded, and a blaze replaced it. As if the empty had been destroyed- maybe it had. He shakes his head, refocusing his energy on healing and keeping himself from twisting in pain, if only for Dean’s sake.
Though the statement may seem reproachful, Dean can feel the relief flood through him. In Bobby’s own gruff way that is a compliment, eyes brimming with pride for his adoptive sort of son.
“I did too for a while, but with you” Dean smiles, when Cas gives his hand a comforting squeeze. Urging him to continue, the hope in his eyes spilling out.
”No don't - I -” he grabs Cas’s hand again with a smile that almost reaches his eyes. Causing Cas’s heart to do a flip l in his chest ”come on”
“Much thank you ma’am” Castiel replies politely to the lady, glancing once more back over at the freckled face boy.
Dean pulls his hand away breaking the moment. He shuffles around in his duffle bag, while Cas watches curiously. Finally he seems to have reached the thing he is looking for a book.
Dean jotted that down too, sending him a wide smile before retreating to his coffee machines. But not before he managed to nearly trip over his feet twice. Castiel quirked his eyebrow up at Dean’s confusing behavior but dismissed it to make his way to his usual table.
It was true. After Jack brought everyone back, that included Charlie whom they had a heartfelt reunion with. Happy that she was back to the land of the living.
There it is the reality of God “It’s a little late in the game for that.” God scoffs with malice “You already sided with the Winchesters. Helped them in an attempt to stop me.”
Dean spins back around facing down the skull-faced freaks. Still, they stand there with machetes of their own in hand. Not moving in inch. The brother’s approach the captors, Dean ready to raise his machete at a moment’s notice still. Finally, when their feet away from the men, they break off into sets of two, each set attacking Sam and Dean.
Castiel collapses, clutching his chest, his grace no longer thrumming beneath his vessels skin. Beneath his skin. He is human.
“Here you keep it” Cas says handing the feather back to Dean “That way you’ll know there is an angel out there for you. Even if I am far from an angel.”
Dean grabs the other boy’s hand and drags him towards the path, “I am ten by the way how old are you” he asks when they reach the head of the trail. A large sign beside the path depicts a map of the trail, and a blurb about the wildlife or something. Castiel can’t remember, he’s read it once.
“He clearly knows the God book could be lethal to him,” Michael rambles in a way that is unlike the once powerful favorite son Dean knows. Whether it’s this version or another, he is not one for words, but action. Woven of the same cloth as Dean, just as Chuck designed. He continues still not meeting Dean’s eyes just a little to the left of them, “Little does he know it is actually fairly useless now without Death to read it.”
Dean’s heart broke, of course how could he be so stupid. Cas’s aunt was always awful, never approving of Cas. “I could never hate you Castiel”
Dean stumbles backwards away from her, clutching his head with his hand. He feels the feather light touch of a sturdy hand – Cas’s hand - holding him upright when he stumbles back into him. Then the slow rush of grace to the throbbing that’s just barely begun forming upside his head. Just as the grace and the gentle touch came it is gone, as Cas steps back leaving Dean standing in front of the angel. Missing the warm of his touch already. He shakes his head as Sam asks, “You okay.”
Cas smiles warmly at the family, a family he hopes is his own now, and well kind of has been for a long time now, “It’s my pleasure to.”
But when he looks back down at them, both still ready to fight he stops, “I guess I can get my hands dirty.”
Chuck with his powers sends them careening backwards into the dirt again. Cas gets to his feet having healed his head, though his grace is low. Chuck looks to him winking, and he brings his fingers up ready to bring the Winchester story to a close.
Cas hitches his breath, warning sirens going off in his head. Dean knows. He is like this because Cas has a stupid crush on him.
“Y-yes sir” Cas stuttered feeling his face turn a deep shade of red. Bobby was still looking at him with a frown plastered onto his face. He squirmed under his frown and almost found himself wishing he hadn’t come.
Pushing away his selfish thoughts, Cas drinks down the water not letting Dean’s care go to waste. However, he doesn’t take the medicine knowing it will do nothing to help him. He then gets to his feet. Shoving his feet into his shoes, and his trench coat back in its place. Letting out a small huff, he pushes the door open. Still silence lingers just as the day before. It almost has him longing for the days when the apocalypse hunters consumed the bunker with their noise, yelling and sound. Funny how those days all he could long for was silence, with normal Dean, watching yet another movie he had no pop culture knowledge of.
“Gone?” Sam repeats brushing his hair from his face in a frustrated manner. Disregarding the admission about his deal to save Jack, Cas knows he’ll ask about it later “I thought the empty was older than Chuck something even he couldn’t control.”
Instead of explaining Dean waved him off, picking up light conversation when he noticed there weren’t many people in the shop, ”what are you studying”
Dean stews in his anger as the day turns into night, the headlights of the impala glaring out onto the road. Somehow, they seem to carry the same heat in them that is in Dean. His teeth grinding together, hands gripping the steering wheel. The speed of the impala faster even than before. His only coined phrase “Can’t even save a damn dog.”
"Why don't you go check on them dear" Mary waves her hand to the door from where she sits in a yellow chair across from him. Directing the conversation away from Cas, back to Ellen.
“Dean” Cas flattens his palm against the side of Dean’s face, stroking it affectionately. Dean knows Cas wants to promise that everything will be okay, that it will all work out, but the truth is he can’t promise that. He has no control over how other people act, though at this moment he desperately wishes he did, “I will be with you the entire time.”
“Don’t worry about it Cas, that’s what I’m here for whenever you need me.” Dean held underneath his chin, pulling him in for a chaste peck “plus I have to change for tonight anyways.”
“I can’t believe you are reading that again. I don’t get how you read so much.” Dean teases and Cas glances over for just a moment, “You are becoming just as bad as Sammy with that book.”
Cas gapes looking away with a bashful look, but Dean catches the small smile, "Dean, you can't just say things like that"
Cas goes to protest again but instead they hear a shift of wind. Speak of the devil – or the devils dad, Cas more accurately thinks. Chuck appears, self-satisfied smirk displayed openly on his face.
Dean watches the gummy smile that rests on his face, illuminated by a rainbow of colors from the tree.
There is only fear consuming his mind, it's what he always feared Dean pushing him away. Losing him forever.
“We will take them home.” Jack states, when Sam standing. Then he grabs one of the boys’ hands and Sam’s shoulder, “Amara is calling me back. After the boys. I will visit again soon.”
Cas frowns, looking down at the sea foam green plastic in his hand that connects him to his only friend, “Right now. Can me and Dean talk for just a little bit longer, since he is at bobby’s and I won’t get to see him this weekend.”
“I don’t want to be an angel anymore Dean” Cas calls. Dean stops. Cas holds out a hand helping him to his feet, “I could have stopped, I could have kept some grace, let it grow back inside of me, and been an angel again. But I didn’t I let it leave me.”
Once the snow feels as if it is melting on his coat and sweater, the couple pops back up. Careful to not ruin their creations.
Cas looked down at what Dean had given him. A heart shaped palette, with every color of the rainbow for Pride.
Maybe it was just Castiel projecting, but a look of hurt flashed across Dean's face. He leaned across the seat into the back, flipping one of the boxes open, "Your books, and clothing, and my ACDC shirt I left at your house. Cas what is this?"
Chuck looks Jack up and down, presumably assessing him for weapons. When he seems to decide he has none, Chuck walks closer slowly, “Hey Jack” Though he approaches with caution, God doesn’t seem worried about Jack. Looking at him as if he is a child, not a threat.
Snowflakes aren’t beauty that when beheld are destroyed. They show people their beauty if only for a moment before the melt away, only to return to the clouds to be shaped into something new. To something even more beautiful.
It was time to leave now, and it was probably for the best, he'd lived this life for 18 years too long. School only had a week left and he finished early. It is time to run away to start a new life, to find a family that doesn't end in blood; as Dean once claimed. Dean was that family for him, but it hurt too much when he only viewed him as a brother.
“The radiance of your soul shines brighter, even than the first beacon of light god created” Dean recited one of the lines written on his cast which should have been his first clue Sam didn’t write it. Sam might know a mean pick up line or two but he isn’t cut out for eloquent romantic shit, “That sounds romantic like a sweet nothing shared between lovers.”
Castiel wakes with a start, adjusting his limbs and letting out a small groan. He can still feel the burns rubbing uncomfortably against his clothing. The pain however seems to be lessened to just a dull ache. He isn’t in fighting shape by any means, but it is better.
His glare grows all the more heated, “You might be right Chuck, I may not be needed here or belong.” He glances at the brothers, of which Sam is holding back a murderous looking Dean with his eyes directed on Chuck. Cas feels his heart swell a little at this notion and continues, “But the ‘wires’ I have are the right ones because they led me here. I got to realize what it really meant to have a home, and a family. I got to rebel and fall. All of that I did on my own, not because you wrote me into the story. I created and invoked free will all on my own”
"Hey" the brown curly haired girl giggles. A small gap in her front teeth shows as she does "a mis'toe abobe you"
Jack shrugs, with a sheepish smile something he clearly got from the Winchesters, “Side-effect of killing the shadow. It was the only thing keeping them angels and demons alike, asleep. We defeated god. I am god now. I need to help them.”
Dean pulls his newly healed hand away, his head no longer foggy from the drunken state he had been in moments ago. He suspected he has the grace to thank for that too, ”I saw your journal”
Spinning Cas around to face him. Dean gripped his shoulders so tight he was sure the bones were going to snap beneath his hands. For a moment he thought he had misheard, that it was all in his head; it wasn’t Cas said it.
But not before the shadow screams “Nooo!” the shadow rips away at the blue grace, stealing every drop from Castiel. The shadow and his grace burn away, with the beam of Jack’s enhanced power.
John looks taken back by the bold fierceness of his words, obviously he wasn't expecting that. It was all true though. Not that Cas would ever admit to Dean.
"Cas!" Dean practically screeched with laughter. Looking him up and down. The sweater looked like a fake tux with a blue tie, all over the blue vest was covered in snowflakes. The tie read Merry in silver glitter, "This is perfect. I definitely prefer this tie over the other, really brings out your- eyhee - eyeees - eyes"
The palette came crashing down from the marble countertop. Clanking as it hit the linoleum floor. An assortment of dark shades and powders cast out over the ground.
"John hello" Cas stuck out his hand to John choosing to ignore the sneering words. At least for Dean's sake.
From what Cas knows growing up around the Winchester’s, Bobby and the rest of the Singers are practically family just not by blood. Which is where Dean got the understanding which he gratefully passed to Cas, that family don’t end in blood.
“Son” John clears his throat “Is this about the girl you said you were bringing to meet us tonight? Could she not make it”
Cas shakes his head, the fuzzy feeling in it going away as he looks away from the blood, “Heaven took a toll on my grace. And you were on the brink of death when I got to you. It took all of my grace to heal you.”
The two talk about the case on the hood of the impala off in the grass beside a back road. Comparing this case with the old one their dad recorded.
Castiel always sat just close enough to see the barista station but too far to be bothered by them. Tucked away in his own private study land.
"Without a doubt, Destiel is the best ship name for you and Castiel." John states entering the kitchen. The tension in the air turns palpable. Even the Christmas music feels drowned out by it.
“And they will have them – maybe not today but one day” Jack says in place of Amara “Which is why I also have to leave, to help her. For now.”
The six-year-old can feel his chest ache, the mix of happy chirps and a steady beeping of the monitor beside the bed. She begins singing lightly to him between coughs. Drowning out everything around them. Her voice soft and melodic, just like Castiel remembers her always singing him, his brothers and sister asleep before she got sick.
In tears Castiel begged his brother to let him keep it; with reluctance Gabriel  agreed. If only for the sake of the boy who was already facing so much in his short life. Castiel immediately took the bird into his own care. His mother smiled warmly when she saw it. She always loved blue birds. She had Castiel’s father set up the cage in her room. Guiding Castiel as he raised the bird back to health. He wasn’t sure how she knew how to care for the bird, but he didn’t question it.
Cas clutches his bloody hand to his chest. He forgot what pain felt like. How much it hurt to be human.
"What?" Dean asks turning towards Cas but he just looks away the same as Dean did. He knows it's stupid to have actually said it aloud to Dean, but maybe it's time he sets himself free.
Dean chuckles at his younger brother “This is Cas my new friend. I saved him from some bullies.” Emphasizing his point, he flexes his almost non-existent arm muscles.
Sam shakes his head at his brother but does has he’s requested after placing the nozzle back in the gas pump.
Gabriel and Anna were good to him they had begun to pick their usual sibling banter back up after their father had gone for a long while. They always protected him from the wrath of Lucifer and Michael. He loved his two siblings. Different as they were, Anna was the self-reserved girl who had a supply of new boyfriends whom she fell in love with easily and always ended with a broken heart.  She just wanted love, Cas could tell even though she hardly voiced her vulnerabilities. Gabe on the other hand was an open book, giddy and childlike. Always pulling pranks but never getting caught, he had a new lover and lover was all they were on his arm every week. Castiel somehow fit into the dynamic, the younger brother.
So he presses back against Cas, as Cas snuggles his face into Dean's hair, legs tangling with his own. Hot against his icy skin, like his own personal human heater, with Cas as his blanket he's unsure he even needs the blankets. Soft snores begin again from the man holding him like his life depends on it. Lulling Dean back into a dreamless sleep.
Looking out the window his arms still crossed, he reads the oncoming sign along the highway. His anticipation growing with excitement and a bit of sadness as well. Knowing he doesn’t have a home that he is going for Christmas. Not after he left for college with Dean at eighteen. But here he is going to his best friend's house for Christmas. Part of it feels like going home, as much time as he always spent there.
Mary nodded "Well he didn't want you to know because he started it so he could show up just before you did."
Wrapping paper with snowflakes, candy canes, and Christmas trees fly all around the room. The sound of the paper shredding louder than crackling of the fireplace or the low hum of the music still playing in the kitchen.
Cas picks at his cuticles. Listening to the conversations around him. Adding in little comments at times. Sipping on the second bottle of beer Jo gave him mischievously. Mostly, he's just worried about Dean. Jo gives him a small thumbs up when he looks back to the door.
Before Cas can say anything however, Dean flicks off the lights with an unceremonious “Goodnight Cas”
“So, what now you are just going to bail” Dean accuses, folding his arms across his chest. From the corner of his eyes, he can see Sam and Cas nodding in agreement with him “Not exactly a good time. People are going to want answers.”
"It's peaceful. Seeing everyone." When he says this, he looks around at everything breathing in deeply. The smell of freshly cut grass, and the perfect gust of wind.
“Yes, you do Dean” Sam deadpans, fed up with walking around acting like he doesn’t know what is going on right in front of his eyes, “Look at yourself Dean you’re a wreck. You have been ever since he left, even when Charlie visited, she only managed to make you leave your room for a few hours.”
Cas shakes his head, beating away the pain, if Dean can be composed then so can Cas, "No you're probably right. Friends don't just kiss like we have, like it's real, so we should probably stop now. Anyway we are going to go back home, and this would all have been fake..." Cas rambles his arms wrapped around his body as he backs to the door, and in a whisper confesses "at least for you"
“Hey Sam” Cas greets with a nod of his head through the door that is pushed open revealing the ever-growing boy studying his homework. His brows were knit tightly together and a frown on his mouth.
She got another ride only after, he called and practically begged Dorothy to pick her up. They would thank him later, after all it was obvious they like each other.
Castiel looks over the park as he swings higher into the air. Imagining himself flying through the clouds as the wind brushes past him; thoroughly messing up his already messy hair. Tiny hands wrapped around the cold metal chains, as he pushes and pulls. He keeps his eyes screwed tightly shut, mostly imagining himself as a bird, he’s always wanted to fly. He imagines swinging is something like that, just with the freedom, away from the chains.
Dean cracks the top of a sliver can, stirring the paint inside gently. He dips his brush into the mixture of soft blue paint. Strokes against his wall, one strip after another, in this methodic manner. Then violently, striking the wall every which way without caution. He thrusts the paint brush against the walls. All he can feel is violence beneath his fingertips, and pain. He keeps pushing. Thrusting the paint brush into the can then out. Miracle watches curiously from the bed at first then is yipping and jumping, as the splatters of paint fall around the room. The paint can tips over spilling out on the floor. Still, he keeps going till he falls to his knees, shaking in a puddle of blue paint. Miracle lets out a low whine.
Cas doesn't think he's ever truly liked the festival, it was always just a reminder of all the things he didn't have. Until now.
That's when the first tear fell. He felt cold. Like he was stuck in a cold metal container, that kept squeezing tighter and tighter. Until he becomes a part of it. A metal robot without emotion, or uniqueness.
Anna considers this for a moment, “if you give me the phone now, I will drive you to see Dean at Bobbies this weekend” She pushes her dyed red hair back off of her shoulders with a pleading eyes.
Opening his eyes into the darkness, he turns, pulling the rusted chain dangling from the lamp on his bedside table. Yellow light falls from the lamp shade, streaming over his face, and spilling over the table to the floors below. On the table sat a bottle of what Cas assumed was medicine, and a glass of water. He vaguely remembered the click of the door closing in his half-asleep state late last night.
They both wear a bewildered face, the high, wearing off and finally striking them. The adrenaline dies as they stay stuck in their own heads. Dean’s panic, and Cas’s embarrassment.
“It’s okay Dean” Cas’s shrugs, wondered around the room after they released each other. In an attempt to ease the tension in the room he says, “I like your room it’s very you.”
Lucifer had ignored this rolling his eyes and, going back to his cards. He is otherwise quite while they wait, peaceful even.
"Dean" Cas spoke tensely, he wouldn't say he is John's number one fan. The sentiment however he was sure was returned. Dean looked away from John, the strained expression on his face lessening. Cas frowned at the way his forest eyes turned into a plodded kind of dull green. Their shoulders brushed as Cas came to Dean's side, and Dean flinched. Which only proved to make Cas angrier.
The ball hits Michael square in the chest or so it seems. But Jack knows better he is just feigning being hit as he sinks the floor disappearing. Still, he turns towards Lucifer shoulders hunched, as if he’s cowering down, powerless.
“You piece of shit-“ Dean flares his nostrils landing a punch on the side of Chuck’s face, “Cas belongs here! He gave you everything! Still despite everything you’ve done he’s only ever tried to do the right thing!”
”oh” Dean looked over his books, and notes which were scrawled with numbers that almost made him queasy, ”I’m in mechanical engineering at the college”
The previous events with John no longer bothering the pretend couple. Not right now. Right now is about family, happiness, and joy. Though for the first half of their journey Mary keeps glancing at the two, with a regretful expression.
Feeling Dean’s chest pressed against his back. The praises in his ear, the validation. His whole body filled with warmth, happiness, and “I love you Dean”
Dean bobs his head, handing him one of the beers he’d pulled from the fridge. Unscrewing his own lid off with a hiss, they lapse into silence. Far from comfortable, tense, and strained. Dean leans against the counter and Michael sits at the table picking at the sticker on his beer. Finally, Dean speaks “The empty.” He swallows down a thick gulp of beer, “Do you really think Chuck could affect it? Man, that thing it took Billie, and…” he doesn’t finish that sentence, “Then it just burnt out in a spark of blinding light and fire.”
"Mhm Cas" Dean rolls over reaching out to grab Cas's hand. When he rests his hand atop Cas's he sighs happily. Back to his still sleep. Eyes moving quickly behind his eyelids.
Tucking his chin into his chest, Cas slips his trench coat back on, pulling it tightly around himself. Rain pounds on his back as he walks away from the bunker Down the barely lit road, away from the family that will no longer want him.
Dean smiled blindly. Elation filling him. He looked into those ocean eyes again. Then he leaned down, his eyes fluttering shut. The blue eyes turned to darkness. But then their lips met, and suddenly there was an explosion of color behind his eyelids. Electric blues, zipping past. They moved in sync, something like salty, and something like sweet. It was perfect and long awaited.
Cas snaps his eyes up. A look that Dean can’t read, but it’s almost like he’s trying to find if there is any truth to his confession.
When he’s on his feet again Sam lets go, but Dean hesitates, giving him a small half smile. Castiel gulps at their proximity and watching Dean’s eyes flicker to his lips. Cas copies him. But then Dean looks away and lets him go pushing him forwards towards Jack with the hand on his back.
"Nice to meet you all" Cas smiled politely, leaning back slightly to include Charlie. Cas noted it was an interesting group Gabriel was most certainly in college based upon his 'I'm a Jay-hawk shirt', while Sam couldn't be much older than middle school, and the rest of them in high school. He had seen them around but not Dean though he later found out that Dean just moved back to Kansas with Sam.
This wasn't working, Castiel would just have to spend the night counting the minutes until he could wake Dean up and start their last day as fiancés together, knowing they'd be husbands when the day came to an end.
When he pulled out of the parking spot, looking back to find Castiel's eyes still on him, a thought hit him. Maybe Castiel was trying to get rid of him quickly, after all, the more Dean thought about his sudden creepy visits, the creepier he seemed. He couldn't deny that for three days now he had bothered some guy at his work, despite it being absolutely possible that he could have husband or wife, even children. He didn't want to find out. So when he drove past the corner, the shop disappearing from his rear view mirror, he decided not to go back there again. After all he had never been inside a flower shop less then a week ago, so he was sure he could live the rest of his life as a very happy man without going back to it.
Dean smiled a little, before finally looking at Sam. "Just, don't be weird to him about this. It's not a big deal, okay?"
Dean seemed to notice Sam's behavior as well, otherwise he would have surely told them they were quite busy watching movies. "I'll put some on. Everything okay?"
"No, like I told the guys what happened and they wanted to give us some extra time so we can figure out what to do next," he explained, resting his chin on Cas's shoulder. "What are you making? It smells good."
It was finally weekend... No matter how much Dean enjoyed working on cars all day long, it was exhausting. Especially now that their garage was making a name for itself and demand was picking up quickly. The last few weeks in particular had been insane, but he could put that all behind him for two days and just spend some downtime with Cas, relaxing around the house.
They had agreed on a little bit of tradition. Although Dean refused to sleep in their bed without Cas the night before their wedding, they did agree there was something to the idea of only seeing each others wedding attire at the wedding itself.  Which was why Dean was headed towards Sam, where his suit was waiting for him. The only thing he knew about Cas's outfit was that it would match his. Jody, Claire and Charlie had taken both of them shopping separately to make sure of that.
Dean still didn't know how Gabriel had managed to get a reservation in for Christmas eve in such a short time. he had insisted he wanted to take Sam and Dean to dinner in return for their hospitality. Even if Dean saw it as a way for Gabe to show off the money he could throw around, Dean was never one to say no to free food. When they got to the restaurant Dean smiled widely. He had expected some over the top fancy restaurants where every entre came with a weird utensil and a microscope. Instead, it was a decent steakhouse. It was expensive, just like Dean had expected, but not as bad as he thought. As soon as they entered Gabriel made his way to one of the waiters and announced their reservation. "Novak, table of four." There was a bit of mischief in his eyes as he stared over at Dean for the briefest moment. Before Dean could ask who the fourth one would be, he got his answer by looking in the direction the waiter was headed.
"Ready?" Sam asked before opening the door. He held out his arm so Dean could link into it. Just like Dean had given Sam away on his wedding day, Sam was giving away Dean.
"Not really..." He finally settled on. The other man smiled, but it seemed less sincere then it had before.
Cas nodded, the gesture more weighted than it should have been. "I do." He said, never losing eye contact with Dean.
Dean rolled his eyes. "It's not that bad." He objected. The pain stung, but it was nothing compared to being bitten, sliced or cut, so he could get through it. He turned away to turn on the oven.
The angel didn't even look at him. "We're not going to get a venue big enough, Dean. Not for months. But maybe we can still book a smaller place. So we have to think about who to invite based on the venue size we can get."
After a long time Castiel nodded. "You're right, we should probably just do it all later." He agreed as he started to sort his papers one by one.
"Maybe... Or I was thinking, maybe we can do the ceremony now with the people that had to make travel plans, and we can hold a bigger party at the first possibility to book a new venue?"
"That's not really how that w-" Dean stopped mid sentence when he seemed to piece it together. "Jack?"
"It seems to bring that back far you as well." Castiel noted, looking up at Dean from the corner of his eyes as he picked out an ornament. He found an ornament of a black car in the box and grabbed it. Dean hadn't answered and it didn't seem like he was planning to do so. His eyes had fallen on the ornament in Cas's hand.
Dean smirks raising his hand to trace Cas’s cheek, an act just a bit too intimate for friends “The lights, you have a rainbow on your face”
Mary opens her mouth and just as she does the sound of the front door swinging open echos through the house, “We are back!” Sam’s voice shouts through the house.
Bobby seems to get the memo and drops the matter. The two sit on the front porch talking for hours or maybe days, heaven works differently. Talking about everything, Cas’s retelling tales of the Winchesters and Jack, some of the things he’s missed. Till Cas has to get back working.
"You shouldn't have to convince anyone that being Bi isn't fake Dean" Cas asserted his placing a hand over Dean's shoulder. He knew where he was coming from though. He watched it back in middle school before the Winchesters moved, and heard about it throughout highschool. Although it did seem better, once they moved back to Lebonan senior year, at least John was more stuble about his biphobia.
For some reason it hurt a little less than it should have. Chuck had never been a good father anyways. Cas had accepted this he didn’t need parents anyway.
“Stop here” Jack calls out pointing to a church on the corner of Rose and Napier Street. Three stain glass windows depicting Jesus and two angels at his side, serve as a focal point above the large wooden doors, “This is it.”
Dean scoffed at the former angel who looked thoroughly confused, that sneaky little angel had to be a good actor, “My leg?”
Dean gulps down his beer in a practiced manner. He looks to the window where Cas and Jack are sitting outside hugging. Dean notices how gentle Jack is with the angel, “What are they doing out there?” he scoffs harshly placing the empty glass back down.
Cas tilts his head to the side looking at Betty rather than acknowledging Lucifer’s presence, “she’s a reaper.”
Pushing up his thick framed glasses with the back of his hand, Castiel squats down. A large smile crosses his face. Just as he thought, a feather. He picks the feather up delicately, between his thumb and index finger. The soft grey downy tickles his fingertips, but the rest is strong and uniform, longer than the palm of his small hand. An inky black color covers the feather, an oil spill appearance glimmers over the feather in the sunlight. A rainbow of different colors, appearing as he twirls the feather in his fingertips. Blue, purple, green, yellow, orange, and red.
The weight of happiness and care broke on him. He smiled so wide you could probably see each and everyone of his pearly white teeth.
“What” Dean huffs, talking between the last of his frosted cookie in his mouth “why didn’t you tell me you were going to be alone for Christmas”
Lucifer mumbles something else smug, but Dean doesn’t bother to listen. Instead, he steps forward taking the cloth from Betty’s mouth where she kneels. After he removes it, he looks down at the chains and then back up to her face. All the while she just watches him. When their eyes meet, she squints and bashes her head into his own with a crack. Breaking the chains from her arms, standing up beside Lucifer.
A small knock comes to the bedroom door, Dean frowns into the kiss with Cas. Not wanting the moment to end. His heart still exploding with joy.
Cas tilts his head to the side nearly hitting Dean's shoulder. The two boys glanced at each other for a second and then at a spluttering Jo.
“I’m going for a drink” Dean states, spinning back around the door slamming heavily behind him. Not bothering to see what Sam signs back.
The Angel stops abruptly, skidding on his feet. In front of his boy. He grabs onto his shoulders holding himself up. Cas breathes heavily catching his breath “It’s Dean”
Cas watches as the notes escape Dean’s bright lips. Slick with spit, from each time he caught Dean’s tongue poking out. Somehow those green eyes look even brighter, glowing from the redness on his nose and cheeks. Each note sending icy crystals in the air. Eyelashes weighed by fallen flakes, matching the ones in his dirty blonde hair.
”Why would he come to a coffee shop if he doesn't like coffee” Charlie the other barista said, she was practically like Dean’s kid sister. Bubbly, bright, and maybe a bit to blunt ”unless it’s for some other reason”
Cas looks towards Dean, who is picking at his cuticles, squaring up his shoulders. The tell-tell that he is nervous, masking it as he always does. Cas has seen it enough times to know. There is something in his nervousness Cas just can't handle.
Lucifer looks at them, giving them a come-on look. Dean nods. Betty will become the new death just like Billie.
Suddenly the vampire is very willing to talk. Explaining who they are and the reason they do what they do. Snagging a few children every few years. As a sort of harvest, raising them up and draining them. His infamous quote “we don’t do fast food”. He even gives the location of the children and Dean deliver a clean slice to his neck. His skull goes rolling to the ground, like a bowling ball.
They jump to action, running under the downpour back to Cas’s house. Despite the heavy atmosphere earlier, by the time they reach the house the two are leaning into each other clutching their stomachs as they laugh.
“At least you angel,” Chuck laces the word angel with a venom, shifting his eyes then to Dean, “and you Dean. After everything-“
“And now?” Jack questions, it always manages to surprise Dean how insightful, and soul-baring the Nephilim is when he speaks. As if calling attention to himself alone with his words, “After seeing what Chuck has done?”
The sticky feeling of Cas’s burnt skin, with the acrid smell saturating the room is almost too much.
Everyone cackles at Cas’s choice in swearing. Eventually Cas joins in till they fall back into a other joyful conversation.
"You think?" Cas shakes with a gummy laugh, both of them just cackling at one another. Dean's breath catches as he sobers up at the pure exhilaration, and laughter on Cas's face. In that moment he wants nothing more than to stride across the room and press their lips together. But there is no-one here, and this isn't real.
He pets him again scratching his face, as Cas hobbles around the car to get a better look at the dog too, “Believe it or not you are one of the best things to happen in the past few days. You know that?” he asks the dog purposely not mention it as the best, knowing his angel is beside him. Alive.
Thunder cries loudly, exacerbated by the structure of the building creating an echo of sound. When it dies the door, slams closed behind them.
Cas's hand was cold in his own but in their own little ball of warmth, Dean couldn't bring himself to mind. He shifted away ever so slightly as the tractor came to a stop, he touched the small ring in his pocket, slipping out from under the trench coat. His heart was racing his nerves taking over.
Every so often Dean would wonder off grabbing a beer or a snack for him and Cas. Maybe even just to compare the feathers of his costume to the ones Cas started on his face.
Cas turned on his music a cassette Dean had given him last year as a birthday present. Led Zeppelin filled the bathroom. Cas dug back to the back cabinets below the sink. Under a stack of old towels and other assorted items. Cas pulled out a small silver bag, One which contains an assortment of different beauty products. Eyeliner, lipstick, lipgloss, and even one eyeshadow palette.
For a second Cas stiffens not expecting the touch, but then he seems to give in, relaxing his back against Dean’s chest. Dean takes this as a good sign and wraps his arms around Cas’s middle.
“You were tired and not thinking straight” Dean defends. Tightening his grip on Cas’s hand, “Take it back”
"Still, I sometimes wish I were back in the game if only for the boys. Speaking of those idjits? How are they? Why are you up here rebuilding all this there's a new god - goddess in town and Jack?" Bobby accuses raising an eyebrow, pointing back to the ground with his beer bottle.
“She was pretty” Castiel’s smile is just barely there, “She had this long black hair that felt like silk. Blue eyes, Anna use to tell me, mine were just like hers. She was nice Dean – she loved us unconditionally and without fail. No matter what happened in the family she could fix it she could piece it back together. She made us all so happy…”
The man spins around, and it’s just then that Castiel notices the bottle of brown liquid sloshing around in his hand when he turns around. That Dean was apparently trying to coax out of his hand. The smell of cheap beer, and ash tray wafts off of him as he turns around. Castiel still offers a small smile when looks at John. But when John’s eyes meet his own, that is quickly wiped from his face.
Michael explains that he was curious about how God was viewed by the people, as he spent a good portion of his life avoiding humanity. Most of which Dean tunes out, he knows this story, he was one with Michael – well the other Michael but he’d been inside his head. Knew how unaffected he was by the qualms of humanity, and his focus on divinity and serving God. The true soldier of heaven that Chuck created him to be though their Michael seemed estranged from that in a way, at least since Adam. Michaels story only recaptured Dean’s attention, pulling him from his reverie when he claimed “My efforts were more effective than I’d hoped”
Jack looks down, his hands clasped behind his back. Clearly pleased with the pride from both Sam and Dean.
His eyes trace each flurry from the highest point of the window pane, till they are destroyed on the dark road below. Illuminated only by a single street lamp.
How they are probably confessing their shitty feelings over a milkshake with two straws right about now. He drinks.
“What?” Dean said exasperated, looking at Mary’s perplexed face “I like both so sure if you stick a girl in front of me I’ll like her but that’s not the point.”
Dean realizes he needs proof it is about Sam, maybe it is someone else. Not that it matters because it isn't Dean. But if it is his brother how is he supposed to live with it?
“Yeah, but this one is about God” Michaels eyes widen slightly, but Dean continues. Chuck deserves this, “and how to kill him.”
Maybe as Dean listens to Sammys snores over the cheesy Christmas music, wrapped in the love of his life’s arms. Because yes Cas is the love of his life. Watching snowflake after snowflake fall onto the road below. Maybe Dean had it wrong all along.
Cas glanced away, he hadn’t yet looked Dean in the eye. Which only proved to make Dean feel all the more guilty “That’s good, but why? You could have picked her up.”
"Hey where is Sam?" Dean asked aloud from where he was cuddled up with Cas on the couch. His arms tangled around Cas's body, one hand lovingly stroking his hair. Appearing sickly in love. The thing that scared him was how easy, how normal it all felt to be with Cas.
Cas brings the swing to a halt, before jumping off. Spotting something shiny and black on the ground just before the trees to the nature trail.
They don’t talk about it after that they just give each other a look, and then follow Sam to the library.
Hesitantly Dean takes the feather and with a nod of confirmation, he places it delicately into his jacket pocket. In a place where it can’t get smashed, “Thanks Cas, and for what it’s worth I think you could be an angel.”
The process of rebuilding heaven took a toll on his grace. So, he still sits outside his heaven. Criss-cross on the soft white floors, watching this man, his kite, and his family. Even if it doesn’t feel the same it makes him smile sometimes. And hurt. And smile.
“Good. I hope.” Dean replies suddenly not in the mood to entertain Michael’s scheming. Or Michael at all for that matter. Seconds later Sam walks out carrying the God book in his arms, “Ask him yourself.”
Dean wraps his arms around Cas placing a kiss to the top of his head, soaking in the Christmas day. The couple watches everyone else, tucked away in their own little bubble of bittersweet love and happiness.
Lucifer just holds up his hands in defense, and Dean still is trying to piece together all of the information.
Cas felt his entire face burst into flames. He was glad the makeup would cover some of the redness. Couple. They are a real couple. His heart fluttered some more.
Cas gives a reassuring smile, as they soulfully gaze into each other’s eyes the way they have been doing for years. Unintentionally lost to the rest of the world, “I know Dean”
“Run!” The brother’s scream at the same time, pushing them in the opposite direction. The two boys manage to make it out the large wooden doors at the back of the barn.
Dean nods, and then a second later shakes his head no, “I don’t want this to end Cas. I don’t want to tell my family we aren’t together, or Anna even. I don’t want to lose this. I don’t want to go home and not have this. I don’t want to no longer do this –“ His voice is coming out in a quick succession, most of the words getting tangled. Puffs of hot breath coming after each sentence, hotter the closer he gets to Cas.
Just like that it hadn’t even been but a sentence and Dean wanted to recoil in on himself. He wanted to take it back and forget about it. What was the point anyways.
Dean holds up his hand. Above their heads drops down a mistletoe. Specifically one ranging from red to purple, a rainbow mistletoe if you will. Maybe Dean had thought of hanging it and got scared, but he wasn’t scared anymore.
When Dean reads the last ones his heart drops, the world freezing around him. He can't hear his music anymore over the pounding of his heart in his feet.
Dean lifts his head, thumb stroking Cas’s hand, “Yes John, he is important to me, he is one of the most important people in my life. I-I care about him so much. Dad. He is my Mary. I love him.”
Cas sits there just listening without judgement, he lets Dean look away when it’s too much. He’s there to hear and to tell Dean that he didn’t deserve what happened.
That little bastard Cas thinks. Surely Dean’s just doing this because he knows how much Cas loves his deliciously bowed limbs. That’s just how Dean is flirtatious, with everyone, Cas isn’t special.
“Dean Winchester I thought you didn’t do chick flick moments especially not during Christmas” Cas smirks, but it barely makes a dent in the elation surrounding him.
“Nothing, Jesus Cas can’t just let a man go home and sleep in peace” Dean snaps throwing up his arms before stomping out of the diner. Shoulders still hunched. Leaving behind a still very confused brother and angel as he peels out of the parking lot. Oh well he is doing this for them. They will thank him after their impromptu date, Dean thinks bitterly.
"Oh yes" Mary says a bit of nostalgia in her voice, giving Cas the butter to spread on the rolled dough, "I remember that, Dean gushed on and on about how kind you were for doing that, and how it always made his grandfather Henry smile. Dean even started to make things for the senior center, all those wood burned vases to hold their flowers."
"I'm not too smart for you Dean. You are just as smart as me and you know it." Cas scolds, and Dean feels his heart flutter the least little bit.
For a moment Cas remembers nothing. Seconds later it floods back to him, his angelic life, raising the righteous man, falling for him in more ways than one, his confession, and his deal. His death.
A gasp shutters from his body when his sight returns to him. First too bright, then looking at the being in his lap too dark. Scorch marks char up Castiel’s face, disfiguring his body as the blue light of his grace flickers dimly from the meaty burn wounds, attempting to heal him. Spurting out like the dying embers of a firecracker. His trench coat is riddled with burnt pieces, falling from his side like ash. Dripping with a gooey black – death is the only thing Dean can think. There is a limpness and shallowness of Cas’s breath that’s uncharacteristically human. Dean looks away, noticing the pile of ash and the cracked metal end of Billie’s scythe where she once stood. And the empty is just gone, the only traces of it remaining is the burn mark on where the wall met the floor behind the hunter, and the small pools of tar like substance splattered across the room. Dripping, still dripping.
Just the bleak emptiness. Apart from the tumble weed it’s as if a ghost town like in one of the westerns Dean made him watch.
“Shudd’up and let me kiss you” Dean answers in response but doesn’t make a move, waiting for Cas’s confirmation. Because what if he had read this whole thing wrong.
It gives Castiel room to open up about why he’s crying but doesn’t force it. Dean wishes he knew how to ask if his friend is okay, how to be there for him.
Many times they had told him to leave anyway. Sneered at him for being gay, laughed when he painted his nails. Told him, even if he found someone with as much sin as him he still would never be loved. That he should just leave.
Dean is not smart; he only has brawns not brains. He’s not compassionate, he’s an asshole. Maybe he has changed Castiel, but probably not. How could he? He’s not the poster boy for humanity, he’s just a killer. Not much better than the monsters he hunts. How could someone like him change an angel of the lord like Cas?
“But I think I know now happiness isn’t in the having it’s in the just being it’s in the just saying it.”
”Okay?” Sam states a bit skeptical. While Cas just nods, his ethereal blue eyes flicker over to Dean for a few seconds longer than necessary. Causing his heart to stutter in his chest.
John scrubs his hand over his face slowly before continuing, his voice still a bit like a drill sergeant, "Dean I know I have been hard on you, your whole life. That I have treated you unfairly when it comes to um-relationships... and for that I am sorry. I crossed a line yesterday with you Ca-as, and I should not have acted the way I did. I can tell you make Dean happy and you clearly love each other." he looks over at Mary “That is what matters in the end.”
The longer he sits there surrounded by everything, with everything he wants - with Cas - the more overwhelmed he gets. Feeling like fleeing from the room,
Cas placed the last of his clothing in the drawer beneath Dean’s own. Turning around to walk out with Dean. But Dean stood there, white as a sheet. Staring at the doorway.
The woman’s angry features instantly soft as she looks between them, “poor boy” She frowns sympathetically, noticing for the first time the scrapes on Castiel’s hands and knees.
Soon they fall into sharing lazy kisses. Slow, and unexpecting. Making up for the years lost to pining, with small love filled kisses. Soft touches and loving caresses. Cas makes it a mission to committing every touch, and every kiss to memory.
Cas perked up more, locking his eyes with Dean’s emerald green eyes. Searching for any trace of humor, or betrayal. There was nothing but sincerity, maybe even pleading.
Cas searched his face as if looking for any lapse of judgement, or anything that proved contradictory to what Dean was saying.
"You don't know that Dean. That is the kind of look that you just can't fake. Just talk to him." Sam gives him a pat on the back before leaving the dining room. Letting Dean think.
Of course, he is, maybe he was just too blind before, but now maybe there is a chance. An itty-bitty chance, his feelings can be reciprocated.
Not that Cas would complain but each time he started Dean interrupted with another kiss. Finally Cas gave in pressing a long kiss to Dean’s lips. His tongue slipping into Dean’s mouth, with a sigh. Exploring every inch of his mouth. The way he has always dreamed.
The cold midnight air seeping through the frosty window. Unable to touch the bubble of heat surrounding the two - friends.
Dean looked at the leaf in his hand grabbing it in his own and dropping it to the ground "Thanks, do you and Charlie want to join us at the carnival"
Dean thinks Cas must be dreaming of someone else, a past lover perhaps, as he spoons him. His head swimming with the way their bodies are pressed together, and with sleep, "Angel, it's Dean" Dean states though he selfishly doesn't actually want to leave his arms.
Castiel winces as the tiny rocks on the playground scrape his hands, and knees. A few even embedding into his skin. His small body causing the rocks to kick up with a clamor of little clinks into each other. The rocks giving way to the boy, leaving bare dirt spots where he lands. Heat radiates from the scrapes where he has started to bleed, soon after pain follows. Leaving the unshed tears in his eyes to fall to the ground. As the three children laugh above him. Crowley heading back towards his original quest of stomping the feather.
It's like a plate shattering in the middle of a busy restaurant. Silence weighs over them. The final straw in a house made of them. Castiel know this is it after this it’s all or nothing. He pushes his hands down to his side forcing them from Dean’s own.
Cas rolls into Dean, "No Dean baby, I'm sweepy." Cas clutches at Deans coat, his breath warm against his face at their closeness, "want five more minutes -"
He is going to shut out the constant trepidation that rears up each time he almost slips up. Either way it goes, at least he thinks it will be out there it will be open. As he approaches the wrong side of 30 it’s about time. It may be terrifying, and one of the hardest things he’s had to do in his life and that includes going to college, but he needs to do this for himself.
Everything is perfect if he ignored his selfish desire. Desires that want every year to be like this one.
A single drop of rain falls onto the windshield, then another and soon it is pouring from the sky. Lightening crackling in the dark in all directions, thunder crashing down, matching the anger and sadness of their moods. In a move likely practiced by Chuck.
“Yes – well no.” Cas tugged at his hair, itching at his sides as if he wished to have the comfort of his trench coat back, “I merely meant them as strictly platonic, a platonic valentine.”
Finally he looks at his husband who seems to be having the same thoughts, looking at the room. Smiling at the dusty cowboy hat, and leather bee bracelet sitting on a shelf across from them.
But when Sam speaks in his soft careful voice “it’s okay, you can come out” the boys run out towards them.
“Cas” Dean yells hoarsely patting up Cas’s body to his neck and then his face, the feeling is different - wrong. Sticky and damp all along his skin soaked into the trench coat. Still, he pays no mind to it as he pulls the angel into his lap where he is kneeling.
Cas watches as Jack reigns his powers back in. Just before the glow around him dies he snaps his fingers. Sam and Dean look normal again, the wounds all heal, and Cas can feel his own wounds healed. Though his grace remains the same. The brothers help him to his feet, letting each other go. Sam grabbing ahold of an arm and Dean pulling him up completely his hand resting on the small of his back, the other on his chest.
It isn’t that he isn’t happy for Sam because he is, he is thrilled. For his brother to be happy, Sam deserves happiness. He just can’t see it, not when he feels like this. When he feels like there is a hole gaping inside of him sucking in everything, and nothing. And the feeling won’t go away because he knows what is wrong. But he can’t fix it.
Taking a deep breath Dean gathered his courage untangling himself from his boyfriend. With another chaste kiss on the lips, the couple stepped out of Baby, as Dean calls his 1967 Chevy Impala.
He ignored Sam as the younger man shook his head vehemently.  It only caused him to cough more.  Dean rushed around the room, they had a hospital bag packed at almost all times since Sam was in and out of it so frequently, so he didn’t need to throw much into the bag itself before he shouldered it and rushed down the stairs.  Sam wasn’t in imminent danger, but they needed to get him to the hospital pretty quickly.
What time had it been when he left the hospital?  He had no idea.  Lord knoew how long he’d been out driving the highways of Van in the early hours of the morning.  What day was it even?  He’d completely lost track of time.  And out here, in the wilderness, it could easily be next year or some cross-time between dimensions.  Who fucking knew?
“Yes!  I have the entire place mapped now!  I can walk it in my sleep.  Cas, I’m fucking bored!  I’ve been cooped up in this desert shithole for weeks.  I want to stretch my legs, or get my hands dirty, Jesus, I just want to go DO something.”  Dean slapped a hand against the wooden table between them.  It caused his plate to rattle and he barely resisted the urge to sweep it off the table and onto the floor.
“So, no more lying, and pay better attention to your symptoms.  Capiche?”  She asked Sam with a hard eye.
Dean hustled his way down the stairs, two at a time.  He had been about to call the older man and ask him to come over, so it was fortunate that he’d decided to stop in and check on them.  They ran through the normal routine, the how are you’s, when are you coming back to work, are you eating enough, etc.  Bobby was a parent even if he acted like he wasn’t.
Dean felt his knees buckle under him and he came down against the asphalt on the side of the road, hard.  He sat there, huddled on his knees and his palms for a long time, letting the tears in his heart pour from his eyes.  His shoulders shook and his breaths came unevenly and he let himself slowly break down, bit by bit.  No one was there to watch him, and so he let it all out, it was a luxury he was never allowed.  He let his heart break and shatter into a thousand pieces, each piece like shards of glass against his chest and he cried all the harder for it.  With each tear that left him, so too did a sliver of his heart and Dean let them all go bitterly.  He wished that it felt good to let it all out, but it didn’t.  It fucking hurt, it always fucking hurt when this happened and he hated himself for it.
Dean lifted a nervous hand to knock on the door.  Should he knock on the door?  Did he need to knock on the door of his own house?  He was all turned around, what did he even do?  He aborted the motion quickly and instead turned the handle of the door.  He was surprised that it was unlocked, but he supposed it was a good thing, since he no longer had his keys.
“Don’t!”  Sam hissed.  “Don’t.  We both know what’s coming and I’m not...  No, I’m not going to ask out the pretty girl in my ethics class.  There are too many people involved with me now that are going to be heartbroken when I freaking DIE in the next couple years and I’m not going to add to that.  There’s nothing we can do about it and I’m sick of acting like everything is fine with you and Bobby, like I have some kind of future.  I’m not going to ask her out, I’m not going to get married and I’m not going to have kids.  I just… just let me pretend for a while, okay?”  Sam gave him a pleading expression and Dean felt his knees weaken at the devastation on his brother’s face.
“Cas! Buddy, I don’t even know what to say!  Thank you!  Thank you!”  Dean said with a laugh and another squeeze of his arms.
His vision cleared in increments, but his brain was having trouble processing the sight before him. An animal… no, a shittin’ ass bird was standing in front of him. A fucking 7 foot tall grand daddy monster of a big fucking bird. He had never seen anything like it before and he hoped he never saw anything like it again. He felt a terror grip his chest when his eyes landed on the cruel curve of the things beak.
His eyes lit up in delight as he realized that this could be the object!  He hopped to his feet and dashed back towards his duffel.  The spectre swooped low and towards his head and he ducked swiftly to avoid her.  He swung his pipe at her again and she disappeared again.  He had a few seconds before she came back and he needed to make them count.
Dean whistled a jaunty tune to himself as he picked through the ruined structure around him. Cas had dropped him off outside a small village a few hours ago and he was currently getting the lay of the land. He was trying to keep a low profile because the locals spoke Spanish or Portuguese or something and he barely spoke English. Cas had assured him that no one would likely come to this place because it was haunted, so he should be unbothered while he investigated.
“...capiche.”  Sam responded sullenly.  He still managed to look like an irritated teenager whenever he was being chastised and Dean marveled at that for a moment.  Sam was over six feet tall and laying in a hospital bed with a cannula under his nose and all manner of wires and electrodes hooked up to him. Dean could still see his brother at eight, twelve, sixteen, and now twenty-two laying in a similar bed with the same damn expression on his face every time.
Sam was exiting the shower when Dean emerged from his room and the two locked eyes for a long moment.  “Morning.”  Sam said weakly.
Bobby snagged a burger from the bag he had given Dean and sat in the other spare chair.  The boys could hear him mutter “idjits” under his breath before he tucked into his food.
“Excuse me.”  John said gruffly, before rising from his seat and walking stiffly out of the room.  Dean listened as his father’s heavy boots stomped through the living room and out of the front door.
Dean was silent as he absorbed that statement.  He wasn’t sure if that made him feel better or… something else.  It sounded like this guy was the last of his species, which was pretty damn depressing actually.  Dean ruminated on that while they continued down the hall.
This is sort of a filler chapter.  Dean needed to get some things done before he leaves with Cas, so while it's kinda boring, it needed to be added.  Castiel comes back in the next chapter!
They lived near Horseshoe Bay in Vancouver and Sam made the commute almost everyday to UBC, an absolutely massive school, to audit classes.  Dean had been to the campus a couple of times and had felt completely overwhelmed every time, the place was so large it was like it’s own city.
His throat became dry and he paused occasionally to sip at his drink, though it had long since cooled.  It took longer this time around, or maybe it just felt that way.  He had three sets of eyes on him and while they were family, they were all still judging.  After he had finished, he continued to stare into his drink.
Sam’s fork clattered against his plate and he looked at Dean with something akin to terror in his eyes.  “Dean.”  His name was whispered in a small voice, one he hadn’t heard from Sam in a long time.
A memory of himself and Sam cooking marshmallows over a fire in front of Bobby’s house came to his mind.  This DID sort of feel like camping.  He had a semblance of his usual amenities, just a little more… rustic.  He was frustrated with his lack of seasonings but maybe he could ask Castiel for some a little later.  He just needed something in his stomach at this point.
Dean let out the breath he had been holding.  “Fuck, that guy’s weird.”  He mumbled to himself before stepping out of the tub and pulling the plug from the drain.  He made quick work of getting dressed, putting on a pair of worn jeans, a plain t-shirt and his boots.  His clothes stuck uncomfortably to his still damp skin but he ignored it.  He clunked his way down the hall and towards the kitchen just as his stomach let out a low growl.
Dean nodded to him tightly and turned on his heel.  He was out the doors of the room before Bobby had even turned around to follow him.  He just needed some fucking air!  He couldn’t breathe in this place.  He didn’t know how the staff managed it all the time, the air felt recycled and tasted of heavy cleaners.  People were dying in here even now he was sure, and his brother was going to be one of them someday soon.
When Sam had been diagnosed, John had tried his best to explain to Dean what was going on. But Dean hadn’t understood when his dad had explained to him that his little brother was sick.  He’d been so young, so small, and his dad had explained as best he could that Sam was sick and he wouldn’t ever get better.
He would do anything for Sam, and he was having a hard time coming to terms with the fact that ANYTHING wasn’t going to be enough.
Dean spent the next few days trying to pull Sam out of his funk.  But, it seemed like their little emotional moment in the hospital was weighing more heavily on the younger Winchester than Dean had realized.
He sat up in concern and listened closely to the sounds around him.  After a minute of silence, he relaxed again.  So, the lights went out automatically.  Maybe they were on a timer or something?  Dean settled back against the mattress and nuzzled his cheek into the cushioned pillow below him.  He missed Sam, and he knew that Sam was probably furious with him.  But, his brother was safe and healthy.  He’d make the decision to come here again and again if necessary.
And with that cheerful reminder of his limited time here, he began his story for the second time.  He added a few more details this time, but was still mindful to keep information about Cas to a minimum.  He was surprised that John simply listened, he didn’t question, comment, or interrupt Dean whatsoever the entire time he spoke.  Dean was feeling like a chicken shit, and talked into his coffee cup for most of his story.  He chanced a single glance upwards about halfway through.  John’s face had been thunderous and he had quickly looked down again.  The inquisition after all of this was going to be painful.
Cas tilted his head curiously and clicked his beak once at Dean.  He repeated himself word for word while watching Dean’s face with a frown.
“Uhh….”  Dean wasn’t sure actually.  Was Cas a secret?  Maybe his family would feel more comfortable with him being gone if they were able to meet the creature that Dean was living with.  “I don’t know, maybe?  I can ask him…”
Sam shuddered a little at the comment and the two stood there silently for another minute before Sam sniffed loudly and straightened himself.  He wiped fiercely at his eyes while Dean turned to face him.  He was still taken aback by how large Sam had gotten in such a short amount of time.  He looked up to meet his brother’s eyes and nod at him in understanding.
“Okay, and get this!  So after I burned the bones-”  Dean continued recounting the events of the night.  He’d been going over it for the last few hours and Cas listened just as intently this time as the last few times.  Dean was happy, that much was obvious, and that made him happy.  If he had known something as simple as a ghost hunt would bring the look of joy to the man’s face, he would have suggested it weeks ago.
Sam watched his brother in question for a moment before nodding in agreement.  “Right, night Bobby, Dean.”  He said simply before treading heavily up the stairs and to his own room.
Dean allowed himself a moment of weakness, smiling happily at his father before wiping briefly at his eyes to clear them.  “It’s a long story, dad.”  He said simply.
Sam turned from his position on the couch to give him a strange look.  That was likely because Dean had never called him “buddy” before in his entire life.
He and Bobby walked behind her quietly until she stopped by a closed glass door with “313” in large numbers on it. She gave them another tight smile.
“I can’t do this on my own, Sammy.”  Dean said quietly.  He was speaking to his knees but he knew that Sam was listening.  “I’m trying, I’m really trying here.  But… you can’t lie to me.  You can’t keep shit like this from me.”
Dean grinned at that and shook his head.  Leave it to Bobby to bring your ego down a few pegs.  The old man could say what he liked though, Dean knew that Bobby was just as excited as Sam for him to be home.  This was evidenced by the fact that Bobby was already pouring him a cup of coffee without being prompted.
John’s grin could have lit all of Vancouver it was so bright.  Dean basked in its glow while it lasted.  He knew that the shouting would start soon, but right now he was just a boy being reunited with his family.
Dean coughed to clear his throat before flipping Bobby off in irritation.  The older man rolled his eyes good naturedly and adjusted the hat on his head.  “How ya feelin’, boy?”  He asked Sam without missing a beat.
Castiel merely cocked his head at him in confusion.  He watched Dean curiously as the man scrambled to maintain some form of dignity.  Dean snatched the towel from the floor and quickly covered himself as he stood from the water.  This wasn’t much better, but at least he was on his feet now.
He nodded to himself in decision before setting back down the hall he’d just come from.  After fifteen or so minutes, a steady clacking sound started drifting down the hall towards him.  He frowned at it in confusion but chose to ignore it for now.  It wasn’t close yet. The longer he walked, the louder it got though, and the more it seemed to pound against his migraine..  Just when he thought that he may have to defend himself against something or someone unknown, he picked out the pattern of the sound.
Bobby came into the kitchen then and halted Sam’s argument.  “Get yer shit together.  I don’t know what you plan on telling him, boy, but best work it out quickly.”  Bobby said quickly, just as the front door creaked open.
He used the toe of a boot to kick over a rotten wooden beam. He curled his nose in distaste as a scorpion scurried away from the sun that was now beaming on it. Well, even if he hadn’t found this place on his own, he was absolutely sure something was lingering about.
Doctors would tell John what was happening, what Sam needed, what his prognosis was, and John would either get so fucking wasted after that he'd forget, or he'd ditch out of town without telling anyone. Sam had had medicine forgotten at the pharmacy, doctors visits missed, warnings signs ignored, until Dean had finally had enough.
Dean would admit that he was still a 15 year old trapped in a 26 year old’s body and so without thinking he hopped into immediately into a silly nursery rhyme.
Despite the fact that Castiel was offended on behalf of his creator, he was pleased to hear Dean say this.  It implied that they would do this again and that this wasn’t just a one time occurrence.  Perhaps, Dean liked his company more than he had assumed.  That filled his heart with a warmth that he had a hard time defining, but he was glad.  And he was glad for this movie.  It was the first he’d seen and it made Dean happy.  He would likely remember this moment and these Lone Rangers for the rest of his long life, as ridiculous as that seemed.
The two of them looked at one another awkwardly for a moment.  It had been 6 months since he’d been here and Sam looked like a completely new man.  Well, he WAS a new man.  He wondered what Sam was thinking of him.  He raised a hand self-consciously to his newly grown beard.  He probably looked like a new man too.
Eventually, they broke apart.  And in typical Winchester fashion, they ignored what had just transpired.  Dean was at a loss with how to proceed and Sam seemed exhausted after their little brotherly melodrama.  Dean moved to sit back in the chair by Sam’s bed and watched as his brother fell into a light doze.
“I’m hurrying, asshole!”  He shouted.  Fuck it, it couldn’t hurt to have the damn thing!  He snatched the knife and wrapped it in a spare shirt that was hanging in his closet.  He tucked it as far into the bag as it would go, grabbed the handles of the bag and hauled his ass back downstairs.
“What do we do?”  Sam asked, a note of tension in his voice.  Likely worry for Dean and his welfare.
Had that been real? Or had he been dreaming? Now that the bird wasn't in front of him he couldn't be sure. He had been awake for the last 24 hours. Maybe it was one of those micro naps like from Nightmare on Elm Street. He looked back up at the sky. There was no sign of a large bird of prey circling the skies now.
John’s good mood seemed to extend to the rest of the men in the room.  He clapped Sam on the back happily and hugged him tightly before shaking Bobby’s hand warmly.  It would have been sweet if this situation wasn’t so fucked up.  There were several rounds of “how are you’s” and “where have you been’s” offered from just about every person in the room.  Eventually, the greetings and well wishes wore out and they were left as four grown men standing in the middle of their living room.
He was still in a bad head place right now. He hadn't had time to recover his equilibrium yet. He needed to be more careful or he would get himself AND Sam killed by whatever this thing was.
Dean’s temper snapped then.  Everything he’d been suppressing the whole day finally bubbled to the surface.  He whirled around to face the large bird behind him.  “Listen asshole, you don’t know shit.  You don’t know me, you don’t know my family.  I’m here because I made a bargain.  This isn’t fucking teatime with a bunch of blue-haired old ladies.”  Dean was seething, he hadn’t expected his anger to burn so hotly but he was in it now unfortunately.  “I didn’t ask to be here, so let’s call a spade a spade.  I’m a prisoner here, you’re my warden.  I’m not interested in your placations or flowery words.  I agreed to be here for my brother and that’s the end of it.”
“You invited me to dinner, but you expect me to cook it?  Not a good impression on a first date, big guy.”  Dean said snappily.
“And how are we supposed to believe that?”  John snapped from his position near the house.  His hand was rested on a large gun sitting in a holster at his hip.  He finally approached them with a furious scowl on his face.  “You flap in with your pretty words and empty promises…. All I see is a monster I need to protect my sons from.”
Sam continued to talk while they finished putting up their groceries.  Dean listened avidly, he always did when Sam was talking.  It made his heart swell to hear his brother talking with so much life in him, he could almost forget for a time that he… No, he wasn’t doing this right now.
These thoughts of Sam kept popping up while he wasn’t distracted with making a mental blueprint of the mansion.  They were annoying him and he could feel his irritation itching under his skin.  Once Dean had settled himself in front of the stove, Castiel finally spoke up.
Dean’s steps faltered and he felt his hands beginning to shake more noticeably.  He just needed to get out to Baby, away from any eyes that could see him.  Even now, he knew the nurses at the desk were watching him curiously.  He could feel their eyes on him.
The sound of soft footsteps on the stairs drew his attention.  He managed to struggle his way into the kitchen and to drop all of the bags on the island at the same time Sam emerged from the staircase.  He looked paler than usual and Dean narrowed his eyes at his brother.
John didn’t reply, he simply turned on his heel and stalked towards his bedroom down the hall.  The door to the room slammed loudly and the three men in the living room jumped at the noise.  They looked at one another tiredly, unsure of what to say.
Was he being a cranky little bitch?  Yes.  Was it because he had a headache and missed his brother?  Also, yes.  He had come here willingly, he’d agreed to Castiel’s terms without argument.  It wasn’t Cas’s fault that Dean was pissed.  It was kind of his fault, but he hadn’t lied to Dean about anything.  His options had been offered plainly and Dean had made his own choice.  He would likely need to apologize when he wasn’t feeling so heated.
The two continued to stare at one another until Dean’s temper finally snapped.  “Will you leave or something so I can get dressed?!”
They talked and laughed until the early hours of the morning.  Bobby had excused himself earlier to nap in the living room.  Dean didn’t comment on the fact that the old man had opted not to go home, but he was glad that Bobby hadn’t left.  He and Sam talked until Sam physically couldn’t keep his eyes open any longer.  Dean laughed at him but finally sent him to bed.
He ate his food without really tasting any of it.  It was something to fill his belly and keep him going for whatever fucking horrors lay ahead of him that night.  When he was finished, he rinsed his plate and fork in the sink and then left them to sit.  He wasn’t in the mood for dishes, he’d clean them in the morning, maybe.
Dean ran a rough hand through his hair and sighed heavily.  He had been looking forward to bed, but it didn’t look like he’d been sleeping anytime soon.  He had too much to do right now.  He reached into his pocket as he made his way slowly out of the ER doors and to the Impala where it sat idling patiently.  First, he needed to call Bobby.
Dean and Castiel stared at one another for a few moments before Dean’s lip curled in disgust and he turned his back on the large animal.  So what if Castiel could kill him with a thought.  Dean wasn’t going to start pandering to his bullshit because of it.
He snickered to himself at the thought.  If Bobby could see him now, his head would likely spin completely around.  Thinking of his family brought a twinge of sadness to him but he pushed it aside.  He was going to try and be in a good mood today.  He’d had a good night, slept well enough, and he’d decided to try and make nice with his roommate, he was doing just fine.
Ultimately, the Hunter won out.  At least for tonight.  Castiel’s ominous and threatening rule about the house was still very clear in his mind and he wasn’t sure what to expect.  Better safe than sorry.  He did at least take off his boots.  Everything in the mansion was a smooth clay, so it would honestly be quicker and quieter for him to get away in his socks than his heavy work boots.
The ghost whipped back around the second the matches were lit.  The two of them met one another's eyes and stared at one another for a half a second.  That was all the time it took for the rosary to ignite.  The ghost screamed in pain before her form caught fire and disintegrated right in front of him.
Once he was done, he bit at his lips nervously.  He glanced at Sam.  His brother’s jaw was hanging open in shock.  He was trying to be patient and let Sam take in all of this information but he knew his heart was pounding loudly in his chest.
As expected, Dean didn’t get much sleep that night.  He’d not only gotten used to whatever presence settled him so much in the clay mansion, but knowing that his father was here and absolutely FUMING didn’t help.  He awoke the next morning, groggy and with a massive headache.  He knew that he probably looked like shit, but that matched how he was feeling, so it seemed appropriate.
Cas’s voice resonated in his head gently.  It was a night and day difference from the powerful being that had commanded him to get his shit just a few minutes ago.
Cas looked thoughtful again and clicked his beak a few more times.  His feathers puffed up for a moment before he shook them out and settled them back against his frame.  He didn’t say another word, he merely shuffled backward and hopped his way out of the room.
Castiel wasn’t much convinced.  He was surprised the actors hadn’t been smote the minute that words had come from their mouths.
“Then your beer will be the right temperature.”  Bobby gruffed and gestured for Dean to take a can from the open box in the small snow drift to his left.
. He thought a little bitterly.  He ran his hand over his head and felt the tiny droplets of water splash against his cheeks and shoulders as they were displaced from his hair.  He was feeling a little melancholy, which was likely the reason he didn’t notice his father lurking near the edge of the stairs.
“Yeah, Big Bird, that ain’t gonna cut it.  If you expect me to allow you to take Dean from here, I need more information than that.”  Bobby’s voice was firm and his stance was one used for intimidation.  The fact that Cas was much larger and MUCH more powerful didn’t seem to have an effect on the older man.
He gasped a deep breath into his chest and felt himself shaking against the cool air of the summer night.  Sam’s body might be failing but Dean's soul was withering slowly inside of him.  Once Sam… Once Sam finally lost his battle against time, Dean would too.  Without Sam, there wouldn’t be anything left inside of him to continue moving the husk of his own body around.  Dean wouldn’t have a reason to get out of bed, he wouldn’t have any desire to greet each new day, no motivation to go to work, there would be nothing for him to do.  Why would he even bother?  Sam was dying and so was he.
. Dean thought in exhaustion.  “Fuck.”  He also added aloud for good measure.  This was the absolute worst thing that could happen right now.  If John was sober he’d be like a terrier with something juicy in its mouth, there was no way he would let Dean get away without a proper explanation.  If he was drunk… well, best not to dwell on that right now.  Dean doubted John would beat his ass with both and Sam and Bobby here, but there was no real way to know.
Castiel stepped away from him and shuffled his large wings against his back.  Dean hardly noticed the movement.  He was staring up in awe at the building in front of him, presumably his new home.  He took a step back in an attempt to get an idea of the sheer size of it, only for a large wing to immediately bump against his shoulders and halt him.
The only potential kink in Dean’s little sojourn, was John Winchester.  Castiel knew of the man by reputation, had even watched him briefly while he had been surveilling Dean.  He was a complicated man and Castiel’s feelings towards him weren’t necessarily warm.  He could only hope that Dean had listened to his warning about spending time alone with the man.  He didn’t doubt that John could poison Dean’s mind with his hateful thoughts.  The fact that Dean was as strong and kind as he was in spite of John’s influence, was a testament to Dean’s inner spirit.
They cooked and ate meals as a dysfunctional family, Dean and Sam played video games together on their old Nintendo, Dean helped Bobby with calls from the Hunter network.  It was lazy and peaceful, and yet somehow the time seemed to fly by.  Dean had even decided to shave after some relentless teasing from Sam, which only got worse when he nicked himself several times through the process.  Sam regaled him with shy talk of his dates with Jessica and Bobby told him about the screw ups that had taken his place at the garage.  It was wonderful and Dean enjoyed every minute of it.
“Sam, I don’t know what Cas is, but I can guarantee you he isn’t a Greek God, a shapeshifter or some kind of angel.”  Dean said weakly.  He didn’t realize his mistake until Sam had already perked up in interest.
Dean eyed Bobby warily.  There was no way he was going to just accept Sam’s word on the matter.  And judging by the calculating look in the older man’s eye, he was plotting his next move carefully.  Sam seemed oblivious to the tense atmosphere in the kitchen and grinned between Bobby and Dean like a puppy.
He could tell that the bird was rolling his eyes, even though Dean’s own were closed.  He could do this, he was okay.  Surely the stupid animal hadn’t brought him all the way here just to let him plummet to his death off a mountain.  The warmth of the clay at his back soaked through his shirt and worked to calm his nerves.  He was okay, it was okay.
Sam couldn’t enroll in the university full-time, but he audited as many classes as he was able and he learned as much as he could.  He may not have time to become a lawyer, but he was insistent that he would do something to help.  So, he learned for now and he told Dean all about it.  Dean had never been more proud of anything than he was of Sam’s drive.
“Uh…”  Dean started.  He rested his elbows on his thighs nervously and cleared his throat.  “So, I think I have a way to help you get better…”
From the corner of his eye, Dean watched as Sam’s large form stepped around John and in front of Dean, where he still sat in his chair.  The big brother in him wanted to tell Sam not to do this, to sit back down so he wouldn’t face John’s wrath.  The scared little boy in him encouraged him to stay where he was though.
Dean looked away swiftly and cleared his throat again.  “He uh, he’s almost here.”  He said awkwardly.
“I am, kiddo.  But, I don’t regret it and I would make the same decision again, over and over.”  Dean continued.
Dean shrugged in an attempt to keep things from escalating too far.  “I mean, you obviously did a ton of work on all of this.  But, really?  Angels?  Gods?  That shit doesn’t even exist, Sam.”
Dean outright laughed at that and nodded his head eagerly.  “You’re getting better!  So, what is it?”
There was no response. In the next moment, a large fist crashed against his cheek and knocked him backwards into the wall.  Quick as a flash, a small dagger appeared from somewhere and pressed itself against his bicep.  Dean looked up, stars blinking at the edges of his vision.  His green eyes met the hazel eyes of a large and imposing man.  He had a good few inches on Dean and probably twenty or thirty pounds.  Surely they hadn’t sold the house while he’d been gone?  Fuck, he should have asked Cas to check before dumping him here. Did he just break into a stranger’s house?
A loud sound split the air then. Dean startled suddenly before tensing and tightening his hold on his gun. It was coming. Whatever it was.
He watched the stars in silence for a time.  Just being out here was easing the pain in his chest and he allowed his thoughts to wander.  He hadn’t had a panic attack that bad in a long time.  Even now, his hands shook and he felt a little light-headed.  But, he was coming down from it and for that he was grateful.  He would have to come up with an explanation for Bobby, damn old bastard wouldn’t ever let anything slide.
Dean startled awake abruptly and looked around the room in confusion.  He must have fallen asleep in the chair as evidenced by the fact that his ass was asleep and he had a crick in his neck.  What time was it even?
Next chapter our sweet babes will reunite!  I wanna say we're about 2/3rds of the way finished with this but I won't because I can't be trusted not to add a shit ton of unnecessary details and dialog.  Love you!
Bobby gave him a look before continuing as if he hadn’t spoken.  “He ain’t happy, but he’ll be on his best behavior.”
Well, the damage was done for now.  The two of them stormed around the house in a subdued fury but Dean had made up his mind.  Sam could be as mad as he wanted, it wasn’t going to change anything.  So, this part of his plan hadn’t worked out quite how he had wanted, but he could mark it off the to-do list regardless.
“Well, Dean, I guess I just have to ask… Have you lost your goddamn fucking mind?!”  John’s voice was quiet, but the fury was apparent.
Dean let out a burst of laughter and slapped his hand over his mouth.  He was going to get to go see Sam?  Bobby?  He’d been here for months!  He was going to get to see Sammy all healed and healthy.  Despite himself, he felt tears begin to fall from his eyes.  Usually, he was a little too macho for emotional displays like this but honestly, fuck it.  He hadn’t expected to ever see his brother again and now he was being told he could spend a whole month with him!?  It was like every birthday and Christmas he would ever have had just been placed neatly in his lap.
Bobby was talking quietly to Sam who was smiling weakly at their surrogate father. Dean couldn't hear the words they were saying but that didn't matter because WHY were there so many MACHINES attached to him?
He shook his shoulders as the creature moved its gigantic feathered wing closer to him. Just as the first primary feather, a big motherfucker almost as long as Dean's whole body, rose above him, Dean attacked. He ducked under the wing smoothly before slashing upwards at the feathers above him.
Sam padded over on his socked feet to start putting away the groceries that Dean was unpacking.  They worked in silence for a while, moving around the kitchen together almost rhythmically.  They’d been doing this together for years, it made sense that they worked so well together.
“Got ya in the solo room, eh? Maybe you can luck into a sponge bath!” Dean said with a grin to his brother.
Dean was silent for a time, allowing himself to wallow in self-pity while his face was covered in the downy feeling of Cas’s feathers.  It had been a good visit, even with John’s overpowering presence tarnishing it somewhat.  He had seen Sam, and he had looked better than he could have ever imagined.  He was in school, and seeing a girl, and he looked healthy and happy!  Bobby was there and they were taking care of each other.  Dean didn’t have to worry about their welfare.  Honestly, he couldn’t imagine how this whole situation could have turned out better.  Cas had kept his word and his family was healthy and thriving.  He just wasn’t there to see it.  He missed them, but it was a small price to pay.  He would do it again if asked.
Dean forgot for a moment that he was fighting for his life. Or that he thought he was anyway. He sat upright and stared harder at his hand. It was whole, no cut, no blood, not even a mark to indicate that it had been open before. He flexed his hands experimentally into a fist. Nothing. It was as if he'd never hurt himself to begin with.
Dean jumped slightly but quickly moved to obey.  He ignored the part of him that shivered again at Cas giving him commands.  He bolted into the house and moved swiftly to get his duffel.  He was SO happy that he’d packed earlier.  He paused for a moment before grabbing the bag.  The knife John had given him sat on top, looking for all the world as innocent as possible.  Dean hadn’t packed it, but he hadn’t put it away either.  He was still conflicted on what to do…. He trusted Cas, right?  But, would it be so bad to have it, just in case?  Dean shook his head back and forth as he thought.
Dean didn’t respond to that.  He knew that he’d need to say goodbye to his dad, but he would get packed and cleaned up first.  Who knew what kind of nonsense John would try to pull today?  Especially after their one-on-one the other night, he could try to kill Cas for all Dean knew.  Shit…. When had his life gotten so fucking complicated?  He grimaced at the thought.  Best not dwell on that too much actually, he doubted the answer had anything to do with Cas.
He frowned in thought before grinning boyishly at the woman.  He lowered himself closer to the ground and made to dart to the left.  It was a feint, but she fell for it.  His grin widened as he quickly recovered himself and dashed towards the right.  Excellent!  He snagged his matches as he ran by swiftly and lit three at once.  He threw them all down and onto the rosary in nearly the same second.
After Cas nodded Dean pressed to answer,  "It's Dean, everything okay?" He didn't have time to deal with issues at work now, but Brian was well aware of the situation, so Dean was sure he wouldn't call unless it was really important.
Gabriel huffed. "Stop being a spoilsport and just help me. I promise you'll be rewarded. Sam gave him another look, wondering what that was supposed to mean. It was pretty clear what it meant as he followed Gabriel to his bedroom door, only to see the mistletoe hanging over the door.
So even though he was slightly annoyed at having to get up on what was supposed to be a day with nothing other than movies, he didn't really mind carving out an hour or two to have coffee with Marjorie. He followed Cas to the front door to greet her, hoping she brought pie again.
So now Dean was sitting across the guy that he maybe hadn't creeped out as much as he had feared. They stayed silent at first, but Dean wasn't one for the long awkward silences. "So, You're Gabe's brother?" Dean said, more then stating the obvious, just for the sake of conversation. Cas sighed. and Dean could feel the tension in the simple  expression. "And Sam is yours." Cas added. Dean nodded. A silence fell upon them again. Dean decided he didn't feel like having things this awkward forever. "I uh, I'm sorry if I creeped you out or something by coming by so often lately..."
"I love you too." It still made Dean's heart flutter to hear Cas say it back, even after hearing it a thousand times already. Cas wrapped a blanket around Dean and he was suddenly reminded of their first night in the garden. Before he could mention it, Cas was already getting up. "Wait here, I'll get the food." Castiel was off before Dean could comment, so he just pulled the blankets around him tighter. Sometimes he had to wonder if he wasn't under the spell of some Djinn, but he couldn't imagine dreaming up something as perfect as what they had now. Sure work was demanding, but it wasn't nearly as intense as hunting had been. And messing up meant dealing with an angry customers having to wait longer instead of a demon or ghost on a rampage of killing innocents and making Dean fear for everyone he cared about.
Kevin sighed. “Skipping stones is not as impressive now that I can move the stone with my mind.” He admitted. “But at least it’s something.”
Castiel stayed quiet. This wasn't how he had planned this to go. As the silence started to register, Dean turned to look at him, his muscles tensing where he had relaxed against Castiel seconds ago. The velvet of the box suddenly felt prickly instead of soft, the box itself far to heavy. Dean's eyes bore into him and he couldn't read anything into them.
Dean pulled Castiel closer again, stuffing his mouth with popcorn as his eyes were still glued to the screen. Castiel's eyes were glued on Dean, enjoying the joy in his face and the way his soul lit up as he grew excited about the upcoming scene. But Dean's face fell as soon as the ringing doorbell pulled him out of the movie.
Dean always knew how to piss Sam off. He knew Sam wouldn't have that kind of relationship, but the fact that Gabriel was five years older and, from what Dean had gathered, pretty much loaded, really gave Dean something to work with.
thing going right lately." With a slam he closed the fridge door and turned to the stairs. Castiel wanted to catch his eye, but Dean didn't even look in his direction. "I'm gonna go shower." With that Dean headed up the stairs, leaving Castiel alone the kitchen.
After they told Jack to go to bed when the movie ended, they prepared the presents underneath the tree, which they had hidden in one of the empty bed rooms. They had all gotten a large amount of presents, not just for Jack, but for each other as well. There was an air of tension everyone seemed to feel as they piled on the presents. Everyone except Gabriel, who was more than happy to have this be their family drama.
Dean got up around noon that Saturday. He wanted to sleep in longer, but Sam had insisted he should at least be awake when Gabriel came by.  Once he was showered and dressed it was already half past twelve. The guy would be here in about half an hour and Sam was already full of nerves. Dean rolled his eyes, finding it a mixture of adorable and highly disturbing. After all, they had been dating for over half a year, what did Sam have to be nervous about... Then with a pang the realization sunk in, Dean. The tiny crappy apartment might add to his nerves, but Dean started to suspect that it had more to do with him than with that. Granted, when Dean had first seen Sammy's ex Jessica, he had been a pretty terrible brother. Flirting with her before even introducing himself, making some comments he wasn't to proud of and just being a dick in general. Still he had grown a lot since then, Sammy had to know that.
As Castiel admired the ring, Dean quickly used his sleeve to wipe away any tears that escaped him. Castiel did the same before reaching for Dean's hands again. As soon as their hands connected, Jody spoke again.
"Yeah... What did you think this was for? I'm not going to flip it, if it was all for money, I've got a few credit cards I can misuse more easily." Dean seemed more than a bit annoyed at Cas for his confusion, but Castiel still couldn't comprihend what he meant.
Eileen walked in first. She looked less nervous but just as happy. "Everything okay," she confirmed, her eyes lighting up. Castiel followed the rest into the kitchen, by now fairly curious. This wasn't just a routine visit, that much was clear. Still the couple didn't say a word as they sat down at the kitchen table. As Dean put on some coffee, Castiel took a seat across from them. He eyed Sam first, then Eileen. Both of them looked like they were itching to say something.
"What do you think?" Although the ultimate goal was to get an answer, Maura always looked proud when Castiel asked her for a theory first. After a moment of thought she started explaining how she believed dreams were like a movie in a secret world. In her theory, she kept coming up with new ideas before the old ones were fully formed. There was something in her enthusiasm that was so distinctly Dean. It wasn't just the way her eyes grew wide as she stumbled into a theory she liked. It was also how she tried to stay quiet throughout it all to make sure her little brother could go back to sleep in Cas's arms. One look at her brother was enough to make her talk in a hushed voice as she accompanied her story with rapid, enthusiastic sign language.
"It's for Singers salvage and repair yard. I'm a car-mechanic." They were about as far appart as two jobs could be. Where Dean spend all day with oil covered hands, surrounded by hard metal and engine sound, Castiel spend it with flowers in his hands, surrounded by sweet smells while smiling that smile of his at the happy costumers.
With a smile, Castiel reached out to lift her up. "How about we all go back to sleep for now?" She clung to him, tired enough not to argue. He tucked Maura in before going back to his and Dean's bedroom to put Bobby in the crib Dean built there.
Maura's voice brought him back to the present. She looked at him questioning, making him realize he hadn't answered. "Yes, lots of pictures." A soft smile spread over his face. "We'll first have to see if Uncle Dean wants to wear those rings."
“I’m not sure, but maybe we can continue hunting?” He offered. “You with your angel powers and me with these super ghost powers?” He suggested.
"An angel?" He then asked, repeating the words slowly and deliberately, without subverting his eyes. Dean rubbed the back of his neck wondering if it was a weird request and trying to break the tension that seemed to build. "Uh, yeah... An angel, you know." He looked away with a nervous smile playing on his lips. "I mean you've got all this Christmas crap here so I figured you might have one. You know, one of those that you put on top of the tree." He clarified. He looked around to see if he could find one himself and realized why the seller had been unsure on how to help, there were angel decorations of pretty much every kind displayed around the small shop. When he caught his eyes again the intense stare turned into an understanding one
