Dean must get sick of it quickly because he gets this determined look on his face before reaching up to take Castiel's cock in his hand and squeezing it gently so Castiel's laughter is abruptly cut off with a low groan. His mouth turns up into a smug smile and all Castiel can think about (besides the hand on his dick) is how green his eyes are, and how the warm light of the bedside table lamp makes his freckles more pronounced and striking.
Another shot goes off and pain shoots through his shoulder, and his legs give way as he collapses into the snow.
"Dean," Castiel says very gently, pulling Dean out of the car by the wrist when they finally stop. "You are covered in blood."
Benny doesn't say a word, but his hands spread Dean's ass cheeks apart, and his nose nudges up against his skin, an inch above his hole. At the first lick Dean's entire body turns to jelly and he has to shuffle his feet and replant them on the ground so he doesn't fall. Benny's tongue laves over Dean's hole, just to get it wet, to rile Dean, before he fits a slick finger inside Dean's body. Dean squeezes his hands into fists, body wracking with a shiver. He tilts his head and seeks out Castiel, finding him standing to the side, down to his briefs, watching the two of them with his teeth sunk into his bottom lip. He's flushed from his cheeks down his belly, and Dean raches out for him. He braces himself on his elbow and pulls Castiel closer, leaning in to kiss him again, holding the man's face in his hand.
"Yeah," the other man grunts, lifting himself up so he's sitting. Dean notices that he doesn't bother covering himself either. "Well, sort of. I don’t know."
Castiel opens his mouth to say something, then shuts it again, eyebrows in his hairline. Dean's about to take it back when the other man's face smooths out into an absolutely devastating smile, and he says, "Yeah, Dean. I'd like that. Where do you want to go?"
Rufus makes a face and says, "Pimpmobile," which cracks Dean up for a solid minute. "Appreciate you finally bringing my scotch. Now get lost, I'm busy."
Benny's hips have stopped moving, and as Castiel pulls out of Dean carefully, Dean turns to Benny and says, "Hey asshole, not that I'm not all for orgasms, but I was enjoying that, so what the fuck?"
Dean stares at Castiel for a moment, trying to figure out if he’s being serious, or pulling one over on him. Eventually, he nods, “alright, no more ‘buddy’. How about sweetheart? Or maybe baby? You do like sunshine, too.”
"I was something… else... before I was conceived. Out of some divine irony my parents named me Cassiel, but my name was originally Castiel. Cassiel is the angel that presides over the deaths of kings, and he's kind of a dick. And Castiel - well,
The sun is still up in Sioux Falls, and as soon as Castiel lands he shifts back into a raven. Dean sighs.
"So, uh… do you remember… what you needed to remember? And do you know how to get the… your… thing, the one the Men of Letters have?" Dean scoffs at himself and shakes his head, rubbing one eye with a knuckle. "I have no idea what I'm saying."
“Are they uncomfortable?” Castiel asks, knee shuffling closer to Dean, pulling the angel’s arm away to stop him from scratching. He doesn’t know a lot about wings, and even less about angel wings - this is the first time Dean’s ever let him see them - but he’s pretty sure they’re not supposed to be all clumped together like that. “I think your wings need a wash, Dean.”
Castiel huffs and pinches Dean in retaliation, which only provokes Dean into a wrestling match (which he definitely doesn't let Castiel win on purpose just so he can kiss him).
Pancakes are easy, he's made them so many times he doesn't think he could get them wrong, even without measuring cups. He's spooning mixture into a frypan when Claire's finally had enough coffee to speak.
Dean can't do more than hold on as Benny fucks him (not that he minds), watching between them as Benny's cock slips in and out of his hole. His body feels like it's on fire and his dick is begging for attention, but he wants to wait until he's so close he can't hold on any longer before he reaches down to touch himself. Benny fits his face into Dean's throat and bites him again, this time in the junction between Dean's neck and shoulder, because he's a fucking vampire and he knows Dean fucking loves it.
, or an amalgamation of all three, but Castiel is coming in moments. His back arches and he throws his head back as he splatters his chest with come, groaning Dean's name into the air.
Dean shoots a look at the demon and the Devil and says, "I'd like to change my earlier statement. If she annoys me, I'll kill her." Dagon hisses at him like a snake and in any other instance he'd growl at her, but he's trying to lead them, not squabble with them. He doesn't really like this gig he's thrown himself into - he'd really rather be the muscle, he's good at that. Especially when every harsh (but necessary) word puts Dean in range of smiting. "Kelly, would you like something to eat?" At her nod, Dean reaches his hand towards her and helps her to her feet when she takes it. He locks eyes with Castiel and then Rowena, jerking his head towards the kitchen. "Sam?"
They stay there like that, with Dean on top of him, pressing the occasional kiss to Castiel’s mouth and whispering to him occasionally for what feels like hours, until the first rays of sun begin to peak from behind the horizon, bathing the world in an orange glow. Over Dean’s shoulder, Castiel watches as the sun illuminates Dean’s wings, lighting it up like Christmas, with shades of shiny blues and purples and greens in all of that inky black. His wings are dirty and the feathers are clumped together, but they’re still so beautiful.
“This is going to go much quicker if we do it at the same time,” Castiel says, almost to himself, staring at Dean thoughtfully. He picks up the lube again and says, “Lay down, hand out.” Dean does as he’s told, scooting down the bed so he can lay down, holding his hand out towards Castiel. Castiel flicks open the lube and pours a generous amount over Dean’s fingers. “Finger yourself open for me.”
Benny's amused, and his cheeks are a little red like he's embarrassed. He doesn't say anything, instead waving his hand in acquiesce.
Castiel takes the money and shoves it into his pocket, standing up from the table, leaning over Dean to press his mouth to Dean's forehead before loping away. Dean finishes the fries as fast as he can without making himself sick before asking for a to-go container for the burger and steak while he pays. His hunger for food has taken the back burner to his hunger for Castiel, and he can always eat it afterward. He meets Castiel outside the diner and they find the nearest motel, an ugly red brick place a couple of miles up the highway called
"That…" Dean's heart is hammering in his chest again. "That's impossible. They've been… they are the
"My friend's mom has a Mustang that doesn't run anymore, but she wont get rid of it. I reckon I could fix it up, if she'd only give it to me," Claire pouts, arms crossed over her chest, like a petulant eight year old and Dean has a hard time keeping the laugh in.
The oldest looks at the other too, sighs again, and says, “The first one was an accident. We were hiding in a drainpipe, he was just a homeless man looking for somewhere warm to sleep. I think he wasn’t right in the head, he started yelling at Dale and Ollie freaked out. And it just tasted so much better than dead people.”
, putting it into the tape deck and starting up the music, then turning the ignition on and pulling out of the driveway.
After a moment, when Dean thinks he's finished and he's about to turn back to Benny and continue on with what they were doing before Castiel texts, the man texts again.
The next night, Castiel sees Sam slip into the rec room out of the corner of his eye almost an hour after Dean has fallen asleep with his head in Castiel's lap, and long after Castiel's thighs have gone numb from lack of movement. He stands inside the doorway, eyebrow raised, mouth twisted up into a smug smirk.
Dean makes a choking sound, and coffee comes dribbling from his mouth and nose. It would be amusing if Castiel didn't know how painful it is to accidentally snort liquids. He leans forward as he's rubbing his nose and thunks his head into Castiel's shoulder a few times. "Jesus fucking Christ, Cas. I've already heard it, I really don't need to think about it too."
It was most definitely Rowena's car, and it's parked in the garage when he gets there. He parks next to it, climbs out, and is surprised when Rowena and Jack do the same, like they had seen him in the parking lot, too, and were waiting for him to arrive.
One of his hands has disappeared, and when Castiel cranes his neck to look down at him, he can just see it squeezed around his cock. It isn't moving, and he realises that Castiel like this, with his body open and on display for Dean is affecting him so much he's worried he might come too soon, and that makes his own cock give a throb.
Benny shushes him, tracing his fingers along the shape of Dean's ribs. It's calming, and Dean can feel his heartbeat begin to slow to a normal rate - though he hadn't known it was beating faster. He lets his eyes fall closed.
The man gives him a strange look, and Benny steps in to save him before he digs himself a hole. "Ignore him, he's a dick and he's manic. He's gonna go check and see if your order's ready yet."
Dean reaches down and takes Castiel's cock in his hand, squeezing at the base before sliding it up to twist his hand around the head. Castiel groans again and pulls at Dean's hair until his scalp stings, his body arching off of the tree trunk. Dean moves his mouth from Castiel's throat to kiss him, licking into his mouth, behind his teeth. When he comes it's with a deep whine, his body shivering and rocking down onto Dean's dick again.
Castiel lets out a harsh breath through his nose after a few moments and says, "Dean, please, I can smell how upset you are. There's nothing you can do tonight."
He doesn’t get to ask her what she means, because a rattling outside the tent puts Castiel and Emma on high alert. It sounds like tin cans clanking together. Castiel’s out of the tent in a flash, followed closely by Emma. Dean sits there for a moment, rubbing his face, unbelievably confused, before climbing out after them.
Dean stays with his head against Castiel's shoulder, drinking his coffee, and Castiel is really enjoying the contact, don't get him wrong, but he also really needs to know why Dean is doing it in the first place. "Dean?" Dean only mumbles in reply, but it sounds like an acquiescence, so Castiel continues. "You engage in frequent physical contact with me, is this normal for humans? Or perhaps normal for you?"
The room behind Dean's door is still and quiet, and Castiel doesn't knock. Dean is asleep, and everything Castiel has to say to him can wait until he wakes.
Castiel steps up between his thighs, and Dean grins at the dark red flush on his cheeks. He leans forward and pulls Castiel into a kiss. "If either of you get any bodily fluids on my baby, that's it. I'll be withholding sex from the both of you, and you'll be cleaning her, got it?"
Benny blinks over at Dean, eyes wide and confused in the light of the passing street light. He starts pulling off to the side, somewhere safe where they're completely off the street, but still asks, "Why?"
Castiel lets out a deep breath. "I'm not pretending Dean, I did see what you did, and yes, admittedly, it was rather excessive, but the confrontation was also called for. You stuck up for a young girl who either couldn't or wasn't able to stick up for herself, and that's what makes you a good man, Dean."
Dean gives Castiel a toothy grin and does as he's told, shoving the pillow away as he lies down where Castiel had been, sliding his arms under his head.
etched into the top, then lifts it up to his nose to smell it. Under the scent of blood he can smell chickens, deadly nightshade, witch hazel, ginger, cat's blood and kelp. Witch-killing potion. They were hunting Rowena.
When Cat disappears, Castiel turns to Dean and says, “Say this wife is a ghoul, what would happen to her pregnant belly when she shifts?”
"Don't be. It hurt at the time, but it was… God, it's been almost twenty years ago now. I was about twenty at the time," Dean replies, shrugging his shoulders. "Not long before you moved to town, I saw her, her ex was gone again and we started up another relationship, and I loved them both, her and Ben, but it didn't last long. I understood why she let me leave, but I couldn't get over it." Dean shakes his head, then says, "Anyway, so technically two, the other one lasted six months and the other two got into this huge, earth-shifting fight - about something I can't even remember now - and I refused to pick a side, so we all just sort of… went our separate ways. The other poly relationship I was in was my first, sort of when I figured out that that's how I liked it. I was… god, eighteen? Nineteen? Complete and utter mess. Rhonda Hurley, I started dating her, found out she was in an 'open relationship' with her boyfriend, but still dated her for a year? Then I told her that I wanted to date someone else as well, but she lost her absolute shit at me - I still don't know if it was because I wanted to date someone else as well as her, or if it was because it was a man. So… when it comes right down to it, my  history with relationships - polyamarous and monogamous - has been an absolute shit show."
"I went out with Cas, we were going to go out again on Saturday." He tries to take a steadying breath, but it comes out shaky, and he can feel himself crack. "Fuck, his ex was abusive, he's probably running for the fucking hills-"
Rufus does reply, which is a surprise, and pretty quickly too, which is a fucking miracle. He's fucking useless, though, cause all he says is
They've garnered attention, a man covered in food spluttering and yelling, calling Dean every name under the sun, and Dean standing there, holding an empty bowl with nothing but a smile on his face.
"Fuck," Dean groans breathlessly into Castiel's mouth, reaching down his body to grasp what little hair Benny has between his fingers. Benny's hips stutter at that, but when he catches his rhythm again he goes harder and deeper than before, so hard it pushes Dean up the bed in harsh little jerks and he has to brace his hand against the headboard so he doesn't bash his head into it. It barely takes any time before he's so close it feels like lightning is sparking through his veins, and everything that comes out of his mouth is an unintelligible moan. A hand grasps around his cock, and he's too overwhelmed to bother figuring out who's hand it is. "Fuck, I'm gonna come."
It takes Castiel a moment to understand what Dean's said, but when he does he climbs off of the bed so fast he almost falls to the ground. He pushes his sweatpants and briefs down so they fall around his ankles, then kicks them away before climbing back onto the bed in front of Dean. "Better?"
Dean leans over and takes Castiel's face in his hand, sliding his fingers through the hair behind Castiel's ear, pressing their mouths together in a gentle kiss. Dean intends to leave it at that, but Castiel has other ideas, and he curls his fist in Dean's shirt, pulling the werewolf into his body. Dean lands in Castiel's lap and flattens his hands against the headboard on either side of Castiel's head to steady himself before he almost falls off the side of the bed and crashes to the floor. He muffles a laugh in Castiel's hair and says, "We're not making out."
Dean salutes the man and climbs to his feet, taking his tools and rag, leaving the tools on the bench and taking the rag to wipe his hands while he goes out to the parking lot. Castiel's sitting in the driver's seat of his car with his legs outside of it, planted in the gravel. He's staring up at the sky with his hand held over his eyes to shield them from the bit of sun peeking through the clouds.
They make it back through the portal in time, into the lounge room where the others are waiting. Just as the first portal disappears a second one materialises in the same spot and they're pushed into it.
Castiel snorts, but he climbs off anyway, helping Dean to his feet. He tugs Dean towards the stairs and they stumble up them, heading for the room at the end of the hallway they chose when they arrived. It's the smallest of the villa's seven bedrooms because they'd been the last to pick, but it's still just as beautiful as the rest of the building. Dean’s spent the majority of his life living in the woods, and he feels extremely out of place in somewhere so fancy.
The body’s skin is completely removed, some of the flesh and muscle with it. Dean can’t immediately identify the sex of the body, but the medical examiners seem fairly convinced it’s a male, though he isn’t sure how. That takes the total up to three men and one woman.
As Dean builds a steady pace, Castiel presses his face into Dean's throat to muffle the noises he's making - the grunts on every thrust in, the whines he makes when Dean pulls out. It's maddening, and Dean has this awful feeling he's going to come too soon and embarrass himself. He changes his position and hooks Castiel's leg around his elbow to open him up.
They both carefully back away from the sleeping baby, and only speak again when they've climbed onto the bed, sitting next to each other against the headboard. "How did it happen?"
Castiel nods once. "Good. I'm not familiar with things to do in the area anymore, so you'll have to pick the place."
Dean rolls his hips, fucking his cock up into Castiel slowly and Castiel groans into the air, face tilted up towards the sky. A smug feeling akin to possessiveness tears through his gut when he imagines who could be watching them, and he sucks another mark at the crook of Castiel's throat, fucking his hips up harder as if to say '
"Claire will be retrieving her things and leaving with us," Castiel says, matter-of-factly. Dean has no idea what he's doing, but he trusts him enough to go along with it. He just really hopes he won't have to fight anyone, it seems like too much effort.
Csatiel shakes his head. "No, she and her parents immigrated here from Serbia in… shit I think it was '59, she hadn't learned to speak yet, so she was younger than two. And my dad moved to America in 1970 looking for work. You should hear him speak, half the time even I can't understand him."
Dean flips the pocket knife open and begins slicing at the rope wrapped around his arms and wrists. “Ollie thought he was saving himself. You were protecting each other. But you can’t keep killing, you know that right? You can’t stay here.”
Castiel chuckles, leaning forward to kiss Dean again, sucking Dean’s bottom lip into his mouth, sinking his teeth into the flesh gently. Dean makes a noise in the back of his throat and surges forward to kiss Castiel harder. Castiel slides his arms around Dean and holds him close, licking the taste of cherries from the angel’s mouth until the taste of him is all that’s left.
Dean tries to speak again, holding his hand up to stop his brother, but Sam's gone before he can get a word out, following Rowena out the door onto the courtyard. Instead, he turns to Castiel and says, "We're not creepy. Right?"
He's just climbed over the concrete curb in the Roadhouse parking lot, stumbling a bit when his foot hits it and hoping no one's outside to see it, when something catches his eye. It's the most hideous car he's ever seen in his life - a gold Lincoln Continental. Dean would bet good money he'd find hydraulics on her if he looked underneath. He's never seen it before, and he's worked on just about every car in this tiny shitty town, and the broader county, especially the classics (he's still trying to get Jonson to sell him his Thunderbird before he croaks). He stares it for longer than necessary, then stumbles his way into the bar, through the substantial crowd and to the bar where Benny waits for him.
Dean snorts. "Ha! You're a sixteen year old girl who has big gooey feelings for me, flattery gets me everywhere."
The witch nods and Dean stalks out of the room, holding his hand out to Cas when he reaches the angel. They leave in a flutter of wings, landing in a motel parking lot as the sun is setting, in front of the door to room 21. He can already hear Jack's cries. When Dean turns the handle it's locked, but it swings open at the touch of Castiel's fingers. Jack is on the bed, crying his heart out and stinking like his diaper hasn't been changed since they took him. He's crying from hunger, and Dean dives for him, picking him up and holding him close.
Rowena ends her last call and settles herself into the armchair across from them, crossing her legs at the ankles and settling her skirts around her. She folds her hands in her lap primly and says, "I have some old friends in Sioux Falls who are going to house us. They're humans, but they're allies, I trust them all with my life. Staying with humans will help us blend in until we've got a plan."
Benny rolls his eyes again and wipes a hand over his face and rolls his eyes. "You are incorrigible. Flattery will get you nowhere."
Castiel doesn't understand what Dean means, but he doesn't bother inquiring, instead, tuning back into Sam and Eileen's friendly argument regarding a relatively recent pop culture reference that Castiel doesn't understand. Yas-key-er is an unusual name; he may have to use the internet to research it later.
Bobby hands him the laptop, open to Google Maps, with an address in the Toledo Southside, a building on the bank of the Maumee River, far from other buildings.
Castiel rests his elbow on the arm of the chair, reaching up to tug at his earlobe. It's a strange tick he's only just started, since becoming an angel again, and Dean still can't figure out why he does it. "Our parents died when I was nine. I was the youngest by about ten years, and my siblings raised me. Balthazar was the eldest, he was kind of a dick, but he did his best. He was twenty years older than I was. Anna was the one with eight children, she was fifteen years older than I was. Benjamin - I don't remember a lot about Benjamin, he died with our parents." When he looks down at the sleeping baby in his arms, he realizes he's asleep and stands to place him gently into the crib. "Balthazar, Anna, and Anna's family died the week before I turned twenty."
Dean's only response is to hum, and when Castiel looks up at him, he's got his lip between his teeth, worrying at the skin, looking deep in thought. He doesn't say anything, barely even registers Castiel's trying to get his attention until Castiel says his name again. His eyes refocus and the smile he bestows to Castiel is beautiful. Dean reaches up with his free hand and takes Castiel's face into it, running his thumb over his cheekbone. Castiel gets the urge to lean forward and press his mouth to Dean's, and he's just about to when Dean pulls his hand away again and says, "C'mon, Cas, let's go home."
"That was way too easy," Castiel agrees, frowning. "But he's in and Dagon's dead. We need to go back to the witch and find out where Jack is."
"Also," Dean says, a little louder, feeling calmer and less self-conscious with their hands on him. "I don't like that she was looking at you like a piece of meat. Only me and Cas are allowed to do that."
In the back of Dean's mind it occurs to him they're probably looking for Sam (even if less thoroughly than they must have in the beginning). He doesn't think there's a single version of Dean in any world that wouldn't do anything he could to protect his brother. He looks back at Castiel and realises the angel (human?) is thinking the same thing.
Dean’s not sure what the plan is, but he worries it means Castiel won’t be riding him anymore. He doesn’t say a word though, something tells him if he asks, Castiel
The man shakes his head and picks up an onion ring, eating it with all the vigor of a starved man. Dean shakes his head and turns around to serve a woman farther down the bar before going back to Charlie and leaning into the window to whisper conspiratorially to her. "What's with the tax accountant?"
“Love you too,” Castiel replies, leaning over to kiss Dean’s temple. When he pulls back he reaches his hand up and threads his fingers through Dean’s hair, tugging his head back.
Dean's got his dick in his hand, slick with lube, and he’s pressed the head of it to Castiel when the other man says, "Wait, hang on, I've changed my mind." Dean pulls back fast like he's been burnt and Castiel sits up and says, "No, not like that, lie down."
Castiel takes a moment to reevaluate everything he's seen Eileen do over the last few weeks before he blurts out, "Eileen, are you pregnant?"
"Crowley." Dean nods solemnly. Patience's head whips around to look at him, as do the others'. He suspects they've never known who the perpetrator was before. "Fergus MacLeod, also known as Crowley. We suspect he works with the Men of Letters."
The laugh that comes from Lucifer's mouth sounds like nails on a chalkboard, or styrofoam, and Dean pushes down the urge to grimace. "A gun, Dean? Really?"
doing? You're gonna get your memories back tomorrow," Dean notes, scratching at Castiel's scalp until the other man groans gently. "Maybe you'll find out you have a family out there, a wife and a bunch of kids, a husband? Maybe both?"
Dean doesn't want to agree with him, because you should never speak ill of the dead, except she threw a brick at him once because he was walking past her gate holding another man's hand. She also spat on him when they were in the same aisle at the grocery store and he was wearing the
Jo makes a disgusted face at Dean and says, "Ew, don't talk to me." She then turns to Benny and Castiel, like she's going to ignore him, and while Benny knows Jo, and her and Dean's weird friendship, Castiel doesn't, and he looks unbearably confused.
He shifts anyway and gets dressed. The raven watches him with those dark eyes and Dean wonders why he feels that heat pooled in his gut, like he's in rut. Now he knows that inside the raven, a human mind lurks, a
"Why didn't you shift back when I did?" Dean blurts, finally unable to stop himself from asking the question niggling in the back of his mind.
Castiel doesn't reply for a long time, tapping his finger on the top of the car. He lets out a short breath and says, "What's going on here?"
Castiel is even more confused now, and he screws up his mouth, blinking up at the man in front of him. "I do not understand."
. He stares at Castiel in the rearview mirror. He's also looking at Dean, but his face is stoic. He heard what Emma said.
Castiel's nervousness turns into a bright smile that makes Dean's chest ache, and Dean leans down to kiss him again, tasting the happiness on his tongue. Dean pulls away and knees down Castiel's body until he's planting his feet on the floor, and hooks his fingers in the waistband of Castiel's jeans, tugging them down and off his legs. He's already hard, cock tenting the grey fabric of the briefs he's wearing, and Dean leans down to nudge his face into the shape of it, breathing the smell of him in. He smells like arousal and autumn, and Dean feels dizzy with it.
Dean sighs and puts the clean plate in the bucket with all the other clean dishes to drip dry. "Because you're using me for your own pleasure." Castiel still looks confused, but Dean doesn't know how to simplify it further so he just doesn't bother.
"I hate you both, by the way, and I've changed my mind, I don't want to date either of you," Dean announces. He pretends to ignore them then, and only speaks when Jo brings over their food. "You are an angel sent from heaven, Joanna Beth, and because these two are  losers, and they're pissing me off, you and me are running away together."
When Castiel doesn't say anything or move, his head tilted to the side while he tries to absorb all the information he's just received into his alcohol-soaked brain, Eileen waves her hand expectantly. "Oh! Now? Oh okay. Thank you."
The local law enforcement are skeptical of their presence, but helpful once they’ve contacted their ‘supervisor’ (Bess), explaining the murders and the investigation’s progress. They have a suspect, but Dean’s fairly certain they aren’t the murderer, because he’s pretty sure they’re dealing with ghouls.
Dean makes a face at him as he unzips his jeans and shoves them down his hips. "You're forty-three, weirdo." When he looks back at Castiel, the man is resolutely looking away from Benny, and he looks nervous. Dean's about to say something, tell him to get in too, but Benny beats him to it.
Dean’s mouth migrates to Castiel’s nipple, sucking it to a hardened point. Castiel threads his fingers through the hair at the base of Dean’s skull and holds on as the angel lavishes both nipples with his tongue, switching back and forth between the two. Gentle nips of Dean’s teeth join his tongue, and then sucking lips, and Castiel’s left with bruises on his chest that’ll be there even when Dean isn’t. Bruises Castiel will feel, see, bruises he can touch to remind him of this moment every time he misses Dean.
are Sam's (he has to cuff them at the ankles and tighten the drawstrings). He has his own clothes but he finds he feels much more comfortable in Sam and Dean's, and occasionally Eileen's; he still doesn't understand why she thought finding him in her sweater was so funny (it was soft and it had bees on it.
Dean shakes his head. "Nah, got into an accident in 2004, had to rebuild her. She's in Black Onyx, she started with Ebony Black, but they discontinued it in 2001, something about the fumes and cancer," he tells her, shrugging his shoulders. "Had to replace the seats, too. Got leather imported and stitched her up myself." He feels proud of the job he did rebuilding her then, and can recognise now that spending 24/7 on her after an accident that fucked his leg and almost killed both his brothers wasn't the best coping mechanism, but it certainly wasn't any worse than the bender he went on after his dad died.
makes the heat in his gut grow stronger and spread through his body, to his fingertips and his toes. Once he's been divested of his shirt he surges forward to kiss Dean again, wrapping an arm around his shoulder to pull them closer together. He slides his palm over the scarred handprint across the freckled skin of Dean's shoulder, missing the thrum of his own power he left there when he raised Dean from hell, a thrum he felt every time he touched it when he still had his Grace. A shiver runs through Dean and Castiel wonders if Dean can still feel it, even if Castiel can't anymore.
Jack's cheeks flush red and his eyes shine as the smile on his mouth grows impossibly bigger. "Do you need help?"
"I'm sorry, I honestly didn't mean to laugh," Castiel says, though he's still chuckling behind his fist. It takes him a few moments to calm down and when he does, Dean's looking up at him with his mouth pouted, which only sets Castiel off again. Castiel laughs so hard for so long that his eyes water and his chest feels tight and Dean's just laying there between Castiel's legs with the biggest pout on his face, looking a bit dejected, but with a softness in his eyes that makes Castiel think if he wasn't pouting he'd be laughing too.
The next night, Castiel sees Sam slip into the rec room out of the corner of his eye almost an hour after Dean has fallen asleep with his head in Castiel's lap, and long after Castiel's thighs have gone numb from lack of movement. He stands inside the doorway, eyebrow raised, mouth twisted up into a smug smirk.
. Castiel thrusts down again, so fast and hard it tears a throaty whine from his mouth and his head flings back, baring his throat. Dean slides his hand from Castiel’s face to his throat, pressing his thumb into the mark he left on Castiel’s collarbone. Castiel whines again, fingers digging into Dean’s pecs, sharp little points of pain that match the surges of pleasure as Castiel fucks himself down on Dean.
Dean's about to reply - call them both sons of bitches, though Castiel really only is the true meaning of the phrase - but his doorbell rings and he has to leave his phone on the counter to answer it. As soon as he opens the door he's handed a small wriggling baby and an exhausted Eileen pushes past him to collapse on the couch. Sam doesn't look much better, Deanna's the only one of the four who doesn't look like she could fall asleep at any moment.
He finds Crowley on the factory floor, running towards the door and he races after him, pouncing, bringing him to the ground with a hard thump.  A growl rumbles out from deep in his chest and Crowley shivers underneath him, bucking his body to get Dean off of him, but with no luck.
“Dean?” Castiel replies, sounding just as groggy and out of it as Dean. It’s what clears the fog in Dean’s head enough for him to sit up, clutching at his head. “Was’appenin?”
Castiel nods his head and watches carefully as Dean loops the bight of one piece of rope over itself before looping the other piece of rope through the hole the first has made.
The only thing that placates his thoughts is the knowledge that if the secret was something bad, they wouldn't keep it from him.
Castiel smiles gently and shakes his head, then says, "No, I'm fine, thank you. Tell me about Adam, you only really touched on him."
They enter the house together and head to the lounge room where the others are waiting. It's crowded, too many people shoved into such a small room and Dean quiets the room, sending everyone off to their respective corners, leaving the witches the only occupants while the others watch from the doorways.
It’s a child, no more than five, and it looks like it’s been torn apart by a werewolf or something, skin hanging off bone, rotting flesh, teeth mashing together. It’s so mauled he can’t even tell if it used to be a girl or a boy.
Dean stumbles his way out of bed, sliding his hand against the wall as he approaches Jack’s cot. He feels unsteady and dizzy, and his vision is blurry as he reaches for the blanket in the cot with a shaky hand, pulling it aside.
"I need you to explain this to me: who are the Men of Letters? How do they relate to the hunters, and how is Rowena's son involved with them?" Castiel asks, resting his elbows on his knees.
Benny rolls his eyes and looks back at his laptop, typing something before he hits the enter button and shuts the laptop. "You haven't even had sex with him yet and you're already talkin' 'bout threesomes. He may only want to have sex with you."
Castiel leaves one last kiss on Dean’s mouth before pulling away, sitting back on his heels. There’s a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth and he says, “You’re always such a good boy for me, Dean.” He reaches forward to stroke over Dean’s bottom lip, scratching his nail along the flesh gently. “I think you deserve a reward for being such a good boy. Do you want daddy to ride you?”
Castiel moves onto a third finger, and then finally, when he decides Dean's stretched enough, he removes all three. Dean whines in complaint at the loss, despite how much he wants Castiel's cock in him (and he can't exactly put his cock in Dean with his fingers in him), and Castiel chuckles.
“Dean will figure out something’s happening if we leave again so soon. He might force you to talk before you’re ready,” Eileen signs as Sam and Dean talk animatedly in front of them, the four of them entering the kitchen together.
Dean smiles smugly at the two and shoots a "You know where the lube is," to Benny before he's turning around and sorting the towel out so when he lays on Baby's hood, he's laying on top of it rather than her exterior. He's just cleaned her, and he's not going to get sweat and come on her, not even for this two bastards he may or may not be stupid for.  Benny pulls away from him - opening the door with a squeak - and his body is replaced by Castiel's, leant over Dean's, hand tilting Dean's face to the side so he can kiss him. Dean can feel the shape of Castiel's cock through his jeans, against his ass, and he pushes back against it, pulling his mouth from Castiel's to pant heavily into his neck, say, "You gonna fuck me, Cas?"
Rather than guess and get it wrong, he decides to wake Emma and point the smoke out to her. She's bleary-eyed, and it takes her a moment to recognise what she's seeing.
Castiel looks like he can decide if he's amused or embarrassed himself, a light flush at the top of his cheeks. "Enough to know what rougir and cul means… yes."
Back in the bunker, after Dean has disappeared into his room for the night, Castiel sneaks through the hallway to the door of Sam and Eileen's bedroom. He knocks on it gently, worried about waking them, but also desperate for the answers to the questions burning in his mind, and whispers, "Sam, it's Castiel."
“First death was February 12th, flayed alive and dumped, no footage of the perpetrator. The second was on March 7th, committed by someone who appeared to be the first victim, same modus operandi,” Castiel explains.
They reach Florida by noon the next day, then drive around the swamplands looking for a cabin they like that wasn't abandoned too long ago and isn't in disrepair. The place they find is small, but nice, with actual furniture and gas stove that'll work once they get the furnace going. The water works, and once the furnace is on, it'll be hot, too.
"Dude, did you ever stop to think it might have been Crowley?" Sam asks, shooting Dean a look that screams
"Stop, stop! He's Jimmy's brother!" Emma cries, very obviously afraid. At least Dean's theory was right.
"Let me see if I remember all of those questions. I've known your dad for most of my life, we went to school together... my favourite colour is blue... sometimes I play first person shooter like Call of Duty with my friend but I prefer RPG's… uhh… I like Christmas the best… what was the last one?"
The fourth body is in a public, but quiet street, filled with CCTV cameras. Like the two previous murders, the drop-off is in plain view of the cameras, the perpetrator visible: the third victim.
Dean finds room on the kitchen table to put the two pies and goes over to his brother, staring down into the tray. He laughs. "It just needs more lard, dummy." He finds the lard in the refrigerator and dumps a spoon full into the tray, using oven mitts to hold it as he swirls the lard in the tray until it's completely melted. "There, put it back in." Sam does. "Now, where are my girls? I'm not here to see you."
"Busted intake boot, can you start an order for Lincoln, get one shipped in?" Dean tells him, falling into the couch against the wall opposite Bobby's desk. "Oh, also, I promised him the Toyota, that still free?"
Dean doesn't want to talk, but he does shift back, climbing to his feet and shoving Castiel back against the tree with a hand on his chest. He angles his head down and kisses Castiel until the angel stops trying to argue and instead takes Dean's face in his hands, deepening the kiss with his tongue. Dean reaches up to start unbuttoning Castiel’s shirt, sliding his hands through the sides as he pops each button one by one. He pushes the shirt from Castiel’s shoulders, pulling it out from between him and the tree and dropping it on the bag of Dean’s clothes. Castiel’s hand slides from Dean’s cheek into his hair, fingers scratching at his scalp until a shiver runs down Dean’s spine.
Castiel nods, licking grease from his fingers. “I’ve never thought about it, but I suppose you’re right.”
Castiel rolls his eyes so hard Dean worries they might pop out of my hair sockets, but he still sits over Dean’s hips. “Don’t say it like that.”
"It's one of twenty-two countries that was never invaded by the British, so the Men of Letters doesn't have a foothold," Rowena replies, falling into a chaise lounge gracefully, almost like a woman in an old Hollywood movie. She looks exhausted, and Dean feels similarly, especially since they haven't actually slept yet and it’s now mid-morning. He blinks over at the raven settled on the windowsill, beak nuzzled under its wing. Dean feels terrible for Castiel, he's been human far less often than he's been a raven over the last week, and Dean wishes for the millionth time they knew how to break the spell. "Bright side is we can do the spell tonight once the sun sets. I left quite a collection of ingredients in the atrium."
Dean feels a bit bad for being glad when Castiel does come quickly, spilling into his mouth with a throaty groan, and then he’s getting out from under the covers straightaway to find something to clean up his come. Castiel's not upset with him though, he’s laughing breathlessly as he watches Dean hurry towards the box of tissues on the table in the corner. Dean makes a face at him while he wipes off the sticky come from his hand, dropping the wad of tissues into the waste paper bin and making a mental note to take it out to the trash before anyone else in the house realises what it is.
He knows Dean won’t go looking for the jacket, it brings up too many bad memories for Dean (it’s why he never wears it anymore, he hasn’t looked at it in years). It still smells like Dean though, and Castiel keeps it folded under his pillow for days before his brain helpfully reminds him of what Eileen told him.
"It's not dead forever, completely fixable, but I need a special part for it. I'll have to get it shipped from Michigan. Could take a couple weeks."
"C'mon, Cas, want you to come for me," Dean grunts into Castiel's mouth, belly so warm and tense. He's close, too, he doesn't think it'll take him long, but he wants Castiel to come first, so he doubles down on his thrusts and then tightens the grip he has on Castiel's cock. "C'mon, baby."
“Yes, daddy.” Dean nods his head after he’s taken stock of all the sensation: going on around his body. There’s no numbness in his limbs, and nothing but the good kind of pain.
"After we get back," Castiel replies, pulling Dean down on top of him to kiss him, helping him get the condom on.
Castiel pushes away from Dean and stumbles towards the disembodied collar before Dean can stop him. The beast growls, but doesn't pounce, and Castiel manages to take the book out from the collar before flying backwards into Dean, who catches him around the middle to steady him.
Lucifer frowns suspiciously at Castiel, but he doesn't argue anymore. Instead, he hesitantly admits, "Dagon."
Sam's face looks just as red as Dean's feels, and he nods his agreement, then they both turn back to stare at the garden, falling into an awkward silence. The portal appears seconds later and Dean silently thanks the Gods as Rowena, Bobby, Jody, and Donna step through.
"A bit, but I'm mostly putting it on to fuck with Sam." He pushes Castiel towards one of the tables, getting between his thighs. "Besides, the whole crazy situation worked, didn't it?"
Dean’s fingers, slick with lube, join his mouth, and he opens Castiel up for his cock quickly. He stretches Castiel until it won’t hurt when he pushes inside, but he won’t be loose, just tight enough to make it
Eileen and Sam look at each other again, having another silent conversation, this time without signing. When they turn back to Castiel, Sam says, “I think we suspected, but you’re quite good at hiding it.”
Dean opens his eyes and looks up at Castiel, a small smile on his face. His eyes are so green and so bright, and Castiel imagines he can almost see the man’s soul again, so bright and beautiful. “Fine, Cas. Sam and Eileen were at it again.”
Dean makes an ugly choking nose, Castiel must take pity on him, because he says, "Benny was only telling me that your freckles - rousseurs - extend well past your face. And before that, he'd been teasing you about the way you flush - rougir - down your entire body. Cul means… well it's a rather vulgar term for someone's rear."
Castiel reaches into his pocket, nodding when his fingers grasp around the vial. He passes Dean on his way out through the door, jerking his head so Dean will follow him out into the hallway. They follow the shouting and gunshots through a doorway and into a large open area, walls covered in books, three tables set into the middle. Bodies litter the floor, and Dean's glad to find they're mostly hunters, with eyes burnt out. He guesses the angels don't have the same qualms about killing that Dean does. (Though he supposes if they've killed all the Men of Letters members in the bunker, no one will find Bevell in time to save her from bleeding out. He hopes no one does.)
Rowena's already set up the room with candles, an altar with a brass bowl, and all the ingredients, and all she has to do is set up the other women in the right spots. Dean's paying close attention to them and doesn't notice Castiel has stepped up behind him until Castiel's fingers slide under Dean's shirt and curl around the waistband of his jeans. He sits his fingers there, maybe to comfort himself or Dean, or just because he can, and Dean lets him.
"God, Cas, please. Get your fuckin' clothes off." Castiel pulls away from Dean, the hands he had on Dean's hips replaced by Benny's, though Benny's body isn't pressed up against Dean's. Dean can feel Benny's knees on the back of his calves and realises he's kneeling. He lets out a short puff of breath, remembers the last time Benny was on his knees behind Dean, and says, "Fuck, Benny, please. Get your mouth on me."
When Castiel is finished he cleans his hand and finds the lube, condoms and vibrator in the sheets again. He leaves the vibrator and lube on Dean’s chest as he unwraps a condom before sliding it down Dean's cock. Dean’s hips jerk and Castiel makes a warning noise in the back of his throat. His covered cock gets lube on it, then the vibrator gets a condom and lube.
Castiel laughs again and shrugs his shoulder. "I have absolutely no idea, paleontologists are weird. They probably wanted to keep it as a pet."
“It is, but it wasn’t a werewolf or anything, just a shapeshifter who took a bite out of me for fun,” Castiel replies, rolling his eyes, shifting uncomfortably when Dean presses gentle fingers to the skin besides his wound. Warmth blossoms between their skin, spreading through Castiel’s entire body, and the pain eases, leaving Castiel’s wounds healed. “You didn’t have to do that Dean, you need to save your Grace. I was perfectly happy healing on my own. But… thank you.”
Jack's cheeks flush red and his eyes shine as the smile on his mouth grows impossibly bigger. "Do you need help?"
Dean sticks his hand out towards Emma and when she takes it he pulls her to her feet. "I'm fine, dad. I promise." She touches the wound with the tips of her fingers, wincing, then pulling them back to look at the blood on them. "I've had worse. At least I don't have a chunk bitten out of my shoulder."
Dean plants another kiss on Castiel’s mouth - like he’s as reluctant to leave as Dean is to let him go - before he’s gone, and Castiel is sitting at the table wishing he could’ve stopped him.
When Sam and Gabriel are gone, Dean takes a deep breath and turns to Castiel, a huge grin on his face.
- his and Dean’s - and they’re together. He clears his throat and takes a step back, which Dean thinks is hilarious. Then he says, “I’ll get an evidence bag.”
Benny and Castiel reply at the same time, and Dean's still in his text history with Castiel so he stays there and reads his message,
He's about to lean down and press a kiss to Castiel's mouth and ask him to tell him if he hears anything from angel radio when Sam bursts through the door.
Benny decides he hates the Rosé and orders a beer when a different waiter from their first brings them their appetizers. He stares too, like she's told him, - or maybe he just knows - but he's polite enough not to do it for too long or make a face like she had.
When he turns around to head back to work Castiel's Continental is sitting in the driveway of the Bed and Breakfast to his left, six buildings down from the shop. He hadn't even heard the car pull up. Castiel's staring at him, but he looks away when Dean smiles at him and waves politely. Well.
Dean replies. He takes his mostly empty plate and his empty beer bottle into the kitchen and leaves his phone on the counter so he can pack away the food and put the trash in the can.
The vibrator goes in first, sliding inside Dean in one clean stroke. Dean whines in the back of his throat, his body jerking until Castiel tells him to stop. It’s hard to stop but he does it anyway. Castiel fucks Dean with the dick a few times before leaving it inside Dean as he lets go of the base. Dean watches as Castiel reaches behind him to grab Dean’s cock, holding it up against his body and sliding down onto it. Dean’s breath chokes out of him and he has to close his eyes against the onslaught of sensations. He’s going to come way too quickly.
He has to kneel down to dry the hubcaps, and because he's enjoying being a shit, he sits a little further away from them than he normally would so he has to lean over and plant a hand on the floor, his back arched just a bit.
Dean surges up and presses a searing kiss to Benny's mouth before he gently pushes him back and says, "We should get dressed and back to work before the boss fires us."
"I'm Dean, I'm going to keep you and your child safe." He turns to look at Sam, Castiel and Rowena and introduces them, too. Once he's done, he turns to Lucifer and Dagon and says, "The demon can stay, but if she tries anything, puts any of my people in danger, I will kill her."
Dean nods and pushes forward to kiss Castiel again, taking Castiel's face into gentle hands. Despite his gentle hands, his kiss is anything but - it's passionate and all-consuming, and it takes Castiel's breath away. He's been kissed before, a few times, but no one has ever kissed him like Dean is kissing him - not even Meg made Castiel feel like he feels right now. Castiel grabs onto the neck of Dean's t-shirt to pull him closer, which imbalances him and causes him to fall into Castiel with a grunt of laughter. Castiel has to plant a hand on the bed to hold himself up when Dean crashes into him so they don't fall to the ground.
"What do you mean?" Dean leans forward and rests his elbows on his knees. "Feedback? Like from a speaker?"
Sam is sitting at the kitchen table with a lore book and a beer, and Eileen is somewhere she hasn't seen fit to explain to any of them (again). Dean hasn't mentioned Sam's unwillingness to assist yet, or his laziness, which is unusual for him, but Castiel doesn't bother to ask why when he's far more interested in looking at him.
Castiel's eyes fall from Dean's face and they go even wider. Fuck his neck probably looks like he took a bite from a dog. He takes a look in the mirrored wall between the shelves of alcohol and swears at the huge red bruises peeking out from his shirt.
"Did you just miracle yourself prepped?" Dean asks, pulling back to stare at Castiel incredulously. Jesus
Dean pulls off, his eyes water and laughs. "Yeah, wasn't expecting that." Castiel thinks he might give up then, except he goes back to it, fitting his mouth over the head again and holding Castiel's hips down with his hands so he can't buck up again.
Dean and Castiel let the girls have the only bedroom, with the double bed and the pull-out couch, and take the other pull-out couch in the main room. It's not the most comfortable, but it's far better than sleeping on the ground in a tent.
He steps closer to her and the trap, staring at her unwaveringly for what feels like an hour until she finally falters, the ugly grin on her face morphing into a grimace. He tilts his chin and gives her his sharp, teeth-filled smile, and says, "When I return with my kid, I'm going to eat your heart out of your chest." He turns on his heels and heads out through the doorway towards the others, and says, "Let’s go."
He watches them, wondering if he’s having some sort of alcohol-induced hallucination. Maybe Rowena didn’t do this, maybe he’s dead, in hell. This can’t be real.
And Castiel. He’s been different since he took his Grace back, despite promising not to be, and it’s really starting to get to Dean. He still touches Dean, still lies with him at night, but he doesn't sleep; he never sleeps anymore. He's got thousands of years of memories and information in his head and Dean doesn't even know how he fits in there anymore.
Sam nods, looking like he might start crying again any minute. "Ten years ago, now. Would you believe it was natural causes? Well, sort of, I guess you could say she died of a broken heart. Hunters killed her husband and then her daughter. She had a heart attack."
He's just about to bite into the leg of a demon and tear it away from Jody when a familiar scent invades his nostrils.
"Angel senses," Castiel says, by way of explanation (as if it explains it at all). "Now will you shut up and fuck me like I know both you
Benny nods then finishes his typing, shoving his phone into his pocket. "It was Charlie, they had an issue with a patron, told her to call Jodie."
Dean rolls his eyes again. "If you could stop flirting with my brother and tell us if we're ready to go, thanks?"
Castiel shrugs, frowning thoughtfully at Dean. "If we lock him into his vessel, possibly? But would you really want to eat someone?" His stare is very intense and Dean hates that Castiel knows him so fucking well, despite the fact they've not known each other for long. Dean would really rather not eat someone, even if it
When Dean turns back to Lucifer's body, the smoke is still there, a cloud hanging in the air, suspended, and Dean watches it, waits. "What do we do now?"
Castiel doesn't like going out to pick up groceries by himself; he's so used to going with Dean that he feels surprisingly lonely. But Sam had asked him to, and promised everything would be explained when he got back, and Castiel trusts him so he goes.
Dean nods and leads Castiel inside and up the stairs to their bedroom. He lets go of Castiel's wrist and sits on the bed, staring down at his hands while the other man pulls clothes on and suddenly feeling unsure about… everything. A little voice in his head wonders if Castiel's going to leave now that he's got his memories back.
“You guys need to stop being so fucking weird,” Emma says like she’s suddenly decided they’re playing a joke on her and she doesn’t want to play along. “I’m going to start packing up.”
"I'm not suggesting we wake them, Castiel," Gabriel replies, also in a hiss. "I'm not suggesting we involve them at all."
Gabriel doesn't look embarrassed, in fact, he looks quite proud of himself. He rolls his eyes.  "Just so you know, sex was the catalyst, what brought you back here."
Castiel grimaces, but he helps Dean nonetheless, fingers poking into Dean's wounds, wiggling about until he finds the bullets. It's not the greatest feeling in the world... in fact, it hurts like a bitch, and Dean bites into his own wrist to muffle his whimpers. Once the first bullet is out - the one from his shoulder - Dean takes it from Castiel to stare at it, at the
Patience's eyes move behind her eyelids rapidly, and her heart rate has picked up. Castiel's started convulsing underneath her hands, and Dean wants desperately to hold him still, or pull him away, but he reminds himself Patience wouldn't have told him not to touch Castiel without a good reason.
Dean laughs. "You got a deal. Let me just go get food." He climbs away from the table and goes through the back hallway to the kitchen. Charlie gives him a bowl of the jambalaya and he pours himself a drink at the bar before going back to the table. When he sits down Claire gives him an expectant look, so Dean just laughs and opens his phone up, finds his favourite picture of his Baby and hands the phone over to her.
Castiel replies, followed by the crying-laughing emoji. Dean hadn't taken Cas as an emoji kind of man and he finds it pretty damn funny.
Bobby shrugs and pulls an old revolver from the bag slung over his shoulder, handing it to Dean butt-first, then says, "You'll need this." Dean stares down at the gun in his hands. It's old, and it smells like gunpowder and herbs he can't name. Someone has carved a pentagram into the handle and the words
"Benny, you motherfucker!" He can hear Benny laughing, and he might actually hate him. "Sorry, Cas. Another?"
Rufus is leaning over an old man's body and while Dean has never met him, he suspects he's the man who died in the nursing home overnight, Mark something. "What do you want?"
"That'd be her. My leg's achin' like a mother, or I'd do it,'' Bobby explains. "I'll get Krissy on this one."
Dean's cheeks flush red and he nods his head, climbing off the bed so he can go over to the bedside table and pull open the top drawer, retrieving a small bottle of clear liquid from inside. He looks at the bottle in his hand, and then back at Castiel and says, "I figure it's kind of like doing a girl?"
"I sent Adam to live with a psychic, I thought it would be safer if the two of you were apart," Bobby looks almost apologetic. "Last I heard they'd gotten her, but nothing about Adam."
is optimistic.” Castiel reaches forward and threads his fingers through Dean’s fringe. “And I suppose Sam is covering for you?”
Bobby says yes with so much conviction that Dean doesn't ask again, and he doesn't think about it for any longer before he gets his hands around the sides of Bobby's face. Bobby takes Dean's elbows in his hands, and nods, and Dean flicks the man's head to the side with a sickening snap. Bobby's body goes lax, and his hands drop from Dean's arms. Dean reaches to straighten the man's head and close his eyes before he climbs back to his feet to help the others, shifting as he joins the fight as his wolf.
"Look, I don't know how true it is, but Bobby claims he's the one who called Tasha, and that he did the same for my brother, Adam," Dean lets out a huff of breath and wipes his face with his hands, hard, until his skin tingles. "He claims Adam is alive." Dean shakes his head and says, "We need to find Jack, first. This is the worst fucking timing." Castiel gets to his feet fluidly and strides over to Dean, sitting on the lounge next to him and sliding his hand over Dean's knee. He squeezes it comfortingly, and Dean thinks he's going to say something, but he doesn't, so Dean takes the chance to rant. "We've chosen to trust too many people that could fuck us over if we let them, Cas. When Bobby finds Lucifer, we can't take anyone but Rowena and Sam, I'm not risking Jack like that."
Castiel nods and Dean turns back to the kids who are all backed into a wall, the eldest in front of the two youngest. Dean steps closer slowly, stopping a couple of feet away.
For once in the six months that he's been human he wishes he still had his powers, only to be reminded by the voice in the back of his head (that has begun to sound suspiciously like Dean) how intrusive his friends found his mind-reading.
Dean and Castiel follow the trail of Lucifer's power, up the stairs and down the hallway into what must have been the office when the building was a factory. The archangel is sitting a chair suspiciously like a throne, with Dagon by his side and Jack nowhere to be seen. Dean points the Colt Bobby gave him at them.
before she follows him. "We are so not fooling her," Castiel tells Dean, smiling down at the baby in Dean's arms before wrapping a hand around the back of Dean's neck to pull him down for a kiss. They keep their chests apart, careful not to squish the baby between them.
"There you go, now get back to work. I have to go out at 12, so you need to do the things I have to watch you for now." Aidan nods. Dean's sure he hasn't figured out the whole thing - Aidan really isn't the sharpest knife in the drawer - but what he has will do him, Dean really doesn't feel like explaining it.
He goes through the basket of clean laundry Sam had placed on his bed that morning, which he had gone out of his way to avoid putting in the closet. He finds a shirt he's pretty sure is Dean's (or at least
Castiel once asked Dean how he got so damn good at all the things he was proficient at during sex. Dean had just finished fucking Castiel’s absolute brains out against a tree on a hunt, and as they were pulling their clothes back on, Castiel’s legs still shaking from his orgasm, and Dean’s answer had been to simply mumble under his breath about Vatsyayana Mallanaga and the Whore of Babylon. Castiel knew the history of the Whore of Babylon, he was raised a devoted Christian after all, but he had to research Vatsyayana Mallanaga. After quite a few misspellings, he’d discovered the words were a name, the name of an Indian philosopher who had authored the Kama Sutra. It still amuses Castiel to no end that Dean, a celestial being as old as the universe had learned sex from the guy who wrote the manual on ridiculously complicated positions and a damn demon. It’s even more hilarious that he’s
Dean is going to die. He’s going to die from sex with Castiel and his brother will never let him live it down.
There’s a flush high on Castiel’s cheeks and he smiles brightly before he starts slowly sinking down on Dean’s cock. “I like it when you call me baby.”
When he gets to the bar it's full for the lunch crowd, people chattering and music just loud enough to be heard over everyone. Benny's at the bar serving a customer and Dean catches his eye, jerking his head towards the office. Benny nods his understanding and Dean goes to the office to wait for him.
Castiel listens to Dean as he rolls a condom on, then lets himself be lifted so one can be rolled onto his own cock. They’ve been fucking completely exclusively for years now, mostly because Castiel’s irrevocably in love with the bastard, and even if they weren’t, Dean is an angel, unlikely to catch human sexually transmitted diseases, but they always wear condoms. It’s Castiel’s one rule. He absolutely hates the mess.
Sam nods, hopefully taking it as Dean's request to watch Lucifer and Dagon around the others. When he doesn't move to follow them, Dean knows he has.
"Ah, fuck," Dean mutters. He's never met Toni Bevell before, but he's heard stories. He's pretty sure she's completely insane, and they can't really deal with that right now, they don't have enough manpower behind them.
Dean at least has the decency not to draw it out this time, fucking in and out of Castiel until Castiel’s body is shaking with his steadily growing pleasure. He squeezes Dean’s hands and arches his back so Dean’s cock brushes up against his prostate on every stroke.
"Why didn't you stop me sooner?" Dean turns back to Castiel and takes the other man's face in his hands, willing him to wake up. He slaps Castiel's cheek a few times, hoping the sting will shock him awake... but it doesn't, and he starts to worry. "C'mon Cas, c'mon, wake up."
Dean looks over at Benny and Castiel, who both seem to be hiding fond laughter behind a hand or a beer bottle, and Dean feels pretty much the same.
At the first touch of Dean's slick fingers, the press of it against his hole and then the pressure of it as Dean slides it inside gently, Castiel groans, reaching down to wrap his hand around Dean's shoulder. He gets the hang of it pretty quickly, mumbling about it being
Dean beckons the two forward and swaps with Rowena while Castiel takes a seat on the coffee table. They each take one of Kelly's hands and Dean watches, and waits. For a moment, he's not sure anything's going to happen, but then suddenly Kelly’s and Castiel's eyes are shining gold like Kelly's had when Dean had been pulled from the vision. Rowena's eyes haven't changed, and she's watching them like Dean is, no longer holding Kelly's hand. He doesn't know why the baby let Castiel see what Dean had, and not Rowena, but he really hasn't got the time to think about it right now.
Dean nods his head and flicks open the cap of the bottle of lube. He slicks his fingers with the liquid and tosses the bottle aside before wriggling down so he’s lying between Castiel’s thighs. He fingers him open carefully, but quickly, efficiently, making sure Castiel’s ready before Dean removes his fingers and swaps their positions. He piles the pillows behind his head so he’s lying slightly elevated, takes off his briefs, and then pats his thigh.
Dean chokes on the spit in his mouth, rushing to nod his head vigorously. A wide grin splits Castiel’s face and he climbs off of Dean’s legs, sliding off of the bed - likely to get the lube and condoms. He pulls the drawer open that holds the items and takes them out, stopping before he shuts it. Castiel stares down inside it, his mouth morphing into a slight smirk.
"We could go take a walk to Rowena's now," he tells the raven, who's resting on his shoulder and has been since he dropped the sack of wood. It's nice, having company. Dean forgot. "And I need to go into town. You'll have to wait for me." The raven pecks at his cheek and Dean takes that as Castiel's displeasure. "I don't think humans normally walk into town with birds on their shoulders, Castiel."
Dean makes a face. “I don’t normally let them go this long without grooming, I’ve been busy.” He tries to itch it again, but he also lets Castiel hold him back when he stops him.
Castiel leans an elbow on his knee and rests his chin in one cupped hand, the smile he sends Dean's way amused and fond. "I know the layout of the American Men of Letters Bunker, because I went there looking for my Grace. That’s what Bevell has. It's like a soul but more… angelic. And I don't want to put it back in my body - I like my human soul - but they shouldn’t have it. It's too powerful," Castiel's eyes flick to the doorway, and the people on the other side of it, before flicking back to Dean. "When we storm the castle, we have to retrieve it, it's our first priority."
“Yes,” Castiel replies, nodding his head once. “I found them in the bottom of Dean’s closet with other bed coverings.”
Castiel nods his head and Dean turns around, sliding his arms behind his back, resting the underside of one arm over the underside of the other. He watches in the mirror across the room as Castiel undoes the extension again before kneeling closer to Dean. He’s got wrist cuffs down pat, he was doing them long before Dean brought up shibari, so Dean gets to sit back and watch the concentration on his face instead of instructing him. Castiel pulls at the cuff to check the tension once it’s tied and Dean’s gut grows warm at the feeling.
She turns back to look at him, thanks him, and brings the two in her hands over to them to show them to Castiel. "This one just says
Dean grins and pats Castiel's leg again. "Good. I sent the kids to see to a vamp in Cedar Rapids, but Sam found a haunting in Wyoming so I'll send them there and we'll take Iowa. If we leave in the morning we'll get there by noon."
Once in the Impala and out of the garage, Castiel turns to Dean and says, "I sense you know something Eileen has asked you not to tell me."
Dean’s at least wearing a towel when he appears in front of Jack, grinning brightly at the boy. He’s holding a banana, and Castiel has absolutely no idea where it came from, seeing as how he’s pretty sure they didn’t have any in the house.
Dean snorts, flipping a finished pancake onto the plate he set out for them, putting it in the oven, with the heat on low so it'll stay warm. "Sounds about right."
Jack promises not to, though Castiel knows he’ll do it again - he gets so distracted, so consumed by his new purpose, that everything else gets forgotten sometimes.
Dean's eyes flick up to Castiel, and he suddenly wants to tell the angel exactly what's been going on in his head, but the thought of doing so makes something ugly and sharp curl in his gut. He doesn't want to be so open with anyone, even if he desperately wants Castiel to know that he wants him to stay. Dean Winchester, king of emotional constipation. "Yeah, I guess."
"I did! But mom said I'm not allowed to tell people what their Christmas presents are before they've opened them."
pieces Castiel spread around the room. "Yeah, alright. Just let me finish cleaning up the mess you made."
"I am going to beat your ass," Dean says, snatching his phone back, cheeks flaming red when he sees what Benny's written.
Castiel looks back at Dean and rolls his eyes. “I’ve not been ‘missing’ sparring sessions, I just don’t spar with you, Dean.”
Castiel helps Dean make burgers, though he mostly sits at the kitchen island cutting ingredients while Dean stands at the stove. Castiel still isn't allowed to cook anything that involves the stove and oven after the time he started a
Dean knows when he hits Castiel's prostate because the angel's whole body jerks and he grunts, teeth sinking into Dean's shoulder. He groans out a string of words that Dean belatedly realizes is Enochian.
ask? If you had, I would have told you that I spend most of my time killing hunters. The Grand Coven pays me for every body I bring them."
Castiel takes his hand away from Dean’s throat, planting it back on Dean’s chest, and fucks himself back onto Dean’s cock until he’s moaning through his own orgasm. Dean watches him as it happens, his head flung back, throat bared and flushed, Dean’s name tumbling from his lips. His vision’s still a little spotty but he can still enjoy every part of Castiel’s orgasm, including the way his body squeezes tight like a vice around Dean’s cock.
There's another pair of pants in the bag and he holds them and the only shirt he owns out to the other man, who accepts them gratefully. Castiel climbs out of the furs to pull them on before diving back under again, no longer shivering.
Bobby doesn't bother asking what he means, he's long past caring about Dean and Benny's complicated thing.
Dean remembers the whiskey in his bag, and how he's heard that alcohol warms cold humans, and goes back to get it. It's almost empty now, barely a few mouthfuls, but he gives it to Castiel anyway. He'll get more later.
Castiel snorts, and it's loud enough that Jack snuffles and wriggles before settling again. He settles down next to Dean, staring over at him with a look in his eyes Dean can't decipher. The look clears suddenly and he smiles at Dean gently, saying, "Perhaps that's a good idea."
Cas rolls his eyes and says, “I know that, Dean. You can hand him over to one of us sometimes. I'm pretty sure an angel, a powerful witch, a werewolf, a group of very skilled humans, and an archangel are perfectly capable of protecting Jack while you take a nap."
Castiel does, circling the bed again and pulling open the top drawer of the bedside table. He searches through the drawer and makes an annoyed noise when he comes up empty handed. “I can’t find it.”
"Now the teeth?" Dean asks him, making a disgusted face. Castiel inclines his head in confirmation, and with a hand on Dean's elbow and the sound of flapping wings, they move on.
thought. It was this world's Dean, pushing through. It occurs to him then that he and Cas - the Dean and Castiel from this world - are probably still in their bodies, and he has no idea whether they're awake or not. It makes Dean feel
The fear is the only reason he doesn't expect the knife in his flank. It sinks into the hilt and sends shots of pain like lightning through his body. Still running on adrenaline, he manages to snap his jaws onto her arm and pull her away, teeth crunching through bone as Dean bites harder then he'd originally planned to, drawing blood. Bevell screams, then snarls, threading the fingers of her unbroken hand into Dean's fur and yanking until she's pulled a chunk of it out. He growls at her and bites her again, this time in the curve of her throat, not quite hard enough to make her bleed, but hard enough to make her go limp. She's still breathing, and her heart is still beating, but she's unconscious, and he thinks she'll stay that way for a while.
Dean doesn't speak as he begins to move his hand, too engrossed in his task, trying his best to learn Castiel's dick and how to work his body, and Castiel can't take his eyes off of him. He pokes his tongue out the corner of his mouth at one point, which would have set off Castiel's laughing again if Dean hadn't chosen that exact moment to swipe the pad of his thumb over the head of his dick.
“I... what? Oh, Emma. In our world Emma was an Amazon, her mom and I had sex and she was born two days later. Sam killed her.”
They crash in a motel for the night, grabbing a set of keys to a double from the office. Emma offers Claire some pyjamas for the night and Castiel promises her clothes hunting in the morning. Emma and Claire share the bed furthest from the door and front windows, and Cas and Dean take the bed closest.
“Perhaps not,” Castiel says, then doesn’t elaborate until Dean raises an eyebrow at him. “This world’s Dean has been sober for approximately a decade. It would be best not to impede his sobriety. He may return to his body once we have been returned to ours.”
The man's dinner companion hasn't said or done anything the entire argument, and Dean looks over at him, mostly because he's wondering why.
Castiel jerks Dean with a renewed fervour, hand tight and fast as Dean grinds down onto him. Dean comes first, chin tucked over Castiel's shoulder, groaning Castiel's name into the angel's ear. Castiel comes when Dean gets his hand in Castiel's pants to stroke his cock.
Dean lets out a startled laugh. "Charlie? Don't got the right parts for that one, gayer than Ellen Degeneres. I am poly though, just not with her."
Castiel’s trying so hard not to get upset, to continue trying, that Dean feels kinda bad for laughing at him. He’s got a furrow between his brows and Dean reaches forward to smooth it with his thumb.
?” Dean asks as Buffy and the blonde-haired vampire are fighting (Melody? Rhapsody? Harmony? Who fucking knows). “Also, do you wonder if Joss Whedon knows about monsters? I mean, he’s taken liberties, but there’s way too many truths for it to be a coincidence.”
Castiel nods and thanks him, before Dean makes his way back to the garage. Bobby is waiting in the office for him.
Castiel elbows Dean gently, a reminder to ask about the Baby’s Breath. “The bush outside, with the little white flowers. Do you have a camera directed at it? Or do you know who trampled it?”
“I’ll explain in a bit, Cas,” Dean replies, holding his hand out behind him to take Castiel’s wrist. He squeezes it before releasing it again. “Go call Benny, Garth, or Bess.”
Humans are extremely physical beings, more physical than Castiel is often comfortable with, but he gets the impression that Dean goes a bit t overboard when he engages in physical contact with him. He hasn't observed any of the other humans he encounters on a semi-regular basis be quite so forward - he's sure it's just Dean.
A flash of black above him catches his attention, a raven, and he watches as it circles before it dives for him, pecking at the scruff of his neck like it's playing. He stares up at it, tilting his head in confusion as it settles onto a branch a few feet above him and tilts its own head. For a moment, he wonders if it's copying him, but he turns to look towards where it's jerked its head and sees the brown flash of antlers above a snow-whitened shrub. It's a moose, maybe a juvenile, too small to be a fully grown adult, but old enough to be on its own. He looks up at the raven again and realises it's staring at him expectantly, waiting for him to pounce.
"Can I come in?" He asks, signing while he says the words. Eileen looks back into the room then shrugs, stepping to the side so Castiel can pass her. Sam's sitting on the edge of the bed in a pair of pyjama pants and a shirt Castiel is pretty sure was one of Dean's, and his hair is also wet. The look he shoots at Castiel is one of understanding - like he knows exactly why he's here and is just waiting for Castiel to admit it. "Uh… do I… am I attracted to Dean?"
Sam looks at Eileen and they have a silent conversation through eye contact. Eileen signs something that Castiel only catches some of, because Sam’s large body is in the way. One of the words is
Castiel finds himself disappointed, but goes nonetheless, sliding his hand out of Dean's and walking around the car to get into the passenger seat.
He's following after a particularly squat hare, prowling through the decaying fallen leaves, shrubs, and roots that make up the forest floor. This time, he plans to bring it back and make something for Kelly because he vaguely remembers the pack feeding the pregnant omegas rabbit meat. Kelly's not a wolf, but he knows rabbit meat is safe for humans, and she's going to need the protein and calories pretty soon.
“Items of clothing. Jimmy’s tie, the red hoodie Dean gave me the first time I was human, the AC/DC T-shirt and my black sweatpants. And I know I put the sweatpants on my bed when I went to take a shower,” Castiel tells him, using a plastic fork to shovel some of the noodles into his mouth. He still hasn’t quite managed to master the use of chopsticks, despite how hard Dean has tried to teach him.
"We haven’t talked about a lot of the things we should." Dean looks over at him, frowning, because yes, they really haven't but he really needs Benny to be specific right now. "It had to have hurt, cher, when I couldn't give you what you needed. And you still stuck around."
"It's hard to carve out your grace, it's painful. Like trying to carve your heart out with a rusty spoon. Can you blame me for not wanting to go through that right now?" Castiel reaches up to take Dean's face in his palm, smiling at him gently. "We've needed the power, Dean. This was born out of necessity, this wasn't born out of want.” His hand drops to Dean’s on the table and curls around it, sighing. “As soon as we don’t need it anymore, it’s gone. I love having free will, I love humanity and I
Dean nods his head solemnly. He doesn’t either, he’s rather absolutely any other alternative, but he’ll do it if he has to. “We’ll wait here until they get back.”
Dean smells a gun. "Wait!" Dean hisses, pulling Castiel away before he can open the drawer up. He doesn't know if it's just sitting in there, or if it's set to go off when the drawer’s opened, and he doesn't want to take any chances. He steps to the side of the desk, pulling Castiel behind him before reaching out to open the drawer.
"She was good like that," Dean replies, reaching down to squeeze Castiel's knee. He looks over at Benny, who's watching them, an unreadable expression on his face. When Benny sees him watching, his mouth turns up into a gentle smile, foot kicking out to touch Dean's shin gently. "Me and Sam would spend the night if John had locked us out of the house and we couldn't find Bobby." Benny's still watching them and Dean wonders if he feels left out of the conversation - a conversation about someone he never met, and only ever heard about through the people around him.
“So charitable of you,” Dean says with a chuckle, opening the microwave door and leaving the bag of popcorn inside for a minute so he can lean over and press his mouth to Castiel’s. The kiss is chaste, no more than a gentle press of lips. It tastes entirely too much like sugary leaf water for Dean’s liking. When Dean pulls away he makes a face at Castiel. “Tea tastes like ass.”
Before Lucifer can speak, his mouth opened to do so, Dean points an accusing finger at him and says in a low growl, "If you touch him I will tear you apart with my teeth."
Castiel sighs, stroking Dean's hand with his thumb. "It's not like that, Dean. It's not a normal childbirth-related death. The Nephilim's power overtakes them - they can't possibly survive that."
Rufus appreciates a good car as much as Dean does, he's the one who helped Dean with Baby while John was off his face, and after he was dead, when Bobby was too busy with the shop. He's also promised to leave Dean the Monaro he shipped over from Australia when he dies, but he's survived a war, three gunshot wounds and cancer, and Dean's pretty convinced now that the man is immortal and he's never going to die.
As Dean leads the group in through the garage he eyes the cameras. He'd expected them, had planned for a less than surprise entrance, so he's apprehensive when they aren't surrounded straight away. Besides the garage door, there are three other access points on the other side of the room, two on either end and one in the middle. He points the archangels towards the middle door, out into the map room, then Jody, Claire, Sam and Donna towards the left side door that leads into the offices and dungeon, and then leads Castiel in through the last door on the right, leading them into the hallway of bedrooms.
"What if we never get out of here, Dean? What if we are stuck here until our deaths?" He sounds insecure.
Castiel leads Dean into the cabin they've stopped in front of, finding the bathroom. The place was obviously abandoned long before the world ended, but the water works nonetheless, and Castiel uses it to clean Dean.
Benny leans up and presses his forehead to Dean's and they pant against each other's mouths as they come down from the high. Dean wants to collapse back onto the desk and sleep for a week, his hand shaking as it tries to hold the weight of his body up. He feels a bit like a puppet with its strings cut.
Dean, knowing very little of shapeshifter biology, wonders if it’s like werewolves - unable to stop the shift on a full moon and unable to change back until sunrise. Is Castiel only ever human at night? He realises again that he's not clothed, and remembers that nakedness tends to make humans uncomfortable, so he finds the pants in his bag, stolen from a backyard clothesline and only used when he needs to go into a human town for supplies. He pulls them on, not bothering with a shirt.
Dean doesn't need to think about it for longer than a moment before he replies, "Rowena is my family, my best friend, the only person I spoke to for years at a time. Yes, I would eat them."
"I wondered if we could try an archangel summoning spell," Dean says. "But now that I've said it out loud - you've probably done it already, haven't you?"
It lasts for hours, as Dean knew it would, but he wasn't even remotely prepared for sitting around while Kelly groaned through a contraction every few minutes, before turning around when it's over to tell Dean and Castiel very forcefully how she expects them to look after her son, to raise him. Dean hadn't really realized that if they're preventing Lucifer from taking the Nephilim, they're going to have to be the ones to look after him, and he finds he doesn't really mind. He's never considered pups before, knew he was never going to have any if he was right about being the only living werewolf, but now he's suddenly faced with the reality of actually raising a child, even if it's not his biologically, he's completely ready for it.
"Feeling better?" Castiel asks in a whisper after what feels like hours. Dean nods his head, though he doesn't open his eyes. "Good."
Merry is fifteen minutes down the highway and when they get to the restaurant it's packed. He really should've called and made a reservation. The host sends them to the bar to wait and they order drinks, staring at the menus they'd been given so they're ready to order when they have a table.
Castiel swallows the lump in his throat and lets what Dean’s said sink into his brain before he twists his body towards Dean and says, “Is it alright if I kiss you?”
Rowena's on the other side waiting for them. She's wearing a forest green dress topped with lace that complements her hair and matches the eyeshadow covering her eyelids. Very on brand for her. She doesn't look pleased, also very on brand for her. "Well, Dean?"
Benny laughs, then rolls his eyes.  The waitress returns with the wine and three glasses, and Benny - much nicer than Dean would have - thanks her and takes the bottle to pour their glasses himself. She stares at them for a little longer than necessary before she goes, and Dean glares at her back. He can't decide if she's confused or disgusted, and he can't decide if it's because of the whole poly thing, or if it's because they're all men.
Dean sticks to the head, sucking it gently and flicking his tongue over the head until Castiel is practically vibrating with it, a pool of heat in his belly that makes his body feel liquid and warm. After a little while, Dean lifts off and looks up at Castiel and says, "Do you want to come like this, or do you want…"
Sam nods his head, and they stand in silence for a moment before Sam finally speaks. “Hey, thanks for this week. Y’know, giving me and Rowena some time alone, and not being a dick about it.”
But… he is her uncle, and he thinks it's his job to let her watch things that Sam and Eileen would normally let her watch. But he most definitely won't let her watch season two, that one freaks the fuck out of even him. "If you tell your dad, just know he will kill me, so don't tell him."
Dean says nothing, just turns a smug smile in his direction and lets himself be backed into the car. He left the towel over her hood, and he slides it back a bit further, bracing his hands over it, behind him. Both Castiel and Benny are looking at Dean like Dean looks at pie, like they could consume him completely, and a flare of heat races through his body, sending a shiver down his spine. Benny moves first, stepping into Dean's space and pulling his hips forward with fingers hooked into his waistband. He doesn't kiss Dean, even when Dean angles his face towards Benny's for it, just stands there, eyes trailing down Dean's body. Dean might say something about not being a piece of meat, if he could actually speak, and he
"Don't worry, bud, I'm on it," Dean says, which only makes Castiel blush darker and hide his face in his hands. Claire is looking up now, head tilted to the side in a perfect replica of Castiel's confused head tilt and he just shoots her a smile, which she rolls her eyes at.
Dean's glad Benny's off the phone, because he can't quieten the laughter that bursts from him at Castiel's text.
Dean frowns suspiciously at Castiel. “Okay… well, where to start? The archangel Gabriel trapped my brother and me in – I dunno, TV-World? – to convince us to agree to become the archangel Michael and Lucifers’ – you know, the devil? – their vessels. Insane enough? Or what about that time I got ghost sickness and was afraid of literally
"Should I like… Google it?" Castiel just shrugs again, so Dean takes his phone off of the bedside table and begins to tap away on the screen, cheeks turning redder as the moments pass. He's chewing at his bottom lip as his eyes comb the screen until he finally says, "Okay, hold on, I think I got it." He climbs back onto the bed, between Castiel's legs and places the phone on the mattress next to Castiel's thigh. He takes one of Castiel's legs into his hands and lifts it up so his thigh is pressed into his belly and says, "Hold onto this." Castiel does as he's told, hooking his hand under his knee as Dean spreads his other leg out to the side. "Okay, fuck, give me a second."
“Should we do a round of the nearest graveyards tonight?” Dean whispers over the third victim so the medical examiner and her assistant can’t hear them. The assistant had tried to flirt with Castiel when they’d arrived, which Dean thinks he could almost be jealous over if Castiel weren’t so unbelievably oblivious, and apparently stupidly in love with Dean, the absolute moron. Instead, he finds it hilarious. “Or go back to the motel for a few hours, fuck our brains out and
Dean looks over at Castiel who's flushed over his cheekbones, shooting him a questioning look. Castiel shrugs his shoulders then says, "I don't mind. Claire?"
He’s so used to being alone but now that there are a dozen people around him he gets agitated constantly by the things the others do or don’t do. Shifting by himself in the middle of a rainforest is the only reprieve he gets from the twenty-something girls who do nothing but bicker and a younger brother who does nothing but whine at Dean (and lock himself away in a room with Rowena, which Dean
Dean's eyes flick up to Castiel's again, his pupils dilated and the flush spilling from his cheeks down his chest, and all he says is, "Yeah."
"Girls, get in the fucking car." Dean snaps at Claire and Emma, who obey instantly. No one stops them. "We're leaving. If I see a single person following us, I will rip them apart limb from limb and come back for the rest of you." Dean looks at Castiel and jerks his head towards the car. When they leave, no one stops them.
"Hey sweetheart," he says gently, pulling her into his side. He pets at her hair and lets her cling to him while a contraction rolls through her body. When she looks up at him, she looks terrified, eyes wide and pleading, and Dean's heart breaks for her. He looks over at Castiel, then at the other occupants of the room, then back at Castiel, tilting his head expectantly and hoping the angel gets what he's trying to say. He must, because he sends the archangels and the demon out of the room. Dean’s surprised how easily they go. "Alright, I'm going to be honest here, Kelly, the last time I was in the room for a birth I was eleven, so I think we should have someone in here that knows what they're doing. Rowena and Jody have had pups - I mean babies - and I think human sheriffs are trained for these things, so Donna works too. So you got a preference?"
Dean feels a bit stupid and giddy, like a teenage girl with her first crush, but he hides it by kissing Castiel again and reaching down to get his hand around Castiel's cock. Castiel presses a groan into Dean's throat and grinds his hips down against Dean's hand, his body so warm and hard against Dean's. Dean swipes over the slit of Castiel's cock and squeezes the head in his palm, delighting in the whine Castiel breathes into the air. "I love you, too." Castiel smiles again, still so bright and shining, and Dean's chest clenches. "Alright, alright, are you going to get your dick in me, or are we going to keep being girls?"
Dean and Castiel pack up the Impala and head down the K-10 towards St Robert, Missouri. It’s not a long drive - maybe five hours, six with heavy traffic - and they spend it mostly in silence, with the radio on low, the mixtape Dean gave Castiel before they were together in the tape deck.
Castiel sucks a sore, red mark into the skin below Dean's ear, grazing his teeth over it before he kicks off his shoes, and his pants with them. When he speaks, mouth hovering over Dean's flesh, his voice is thick and rough, "Fuck me, Dean."
Dean frowns, tilting his head to the side again. He's not quite sure what's stumping him so much. Anyone raised as a shapeshifter should know that other creatures were out there. Unless he’s more like Dean than he thought. Did his family die when he was young, like Dean's had? "You said you didn't know. When I asked if you were a shapeshifter. What did you mean by that?"
Sam pulls Dean aside while Castiel is following Rowena into the kitchen. He has a system of bruises over his neck and throat that Dean studiously avoids looking at, or saying anything about. “I heard you sent the kids away rather than kill them. When the hell did that happen?”
Castiel jerks up in bed, blinking blearily at Dean before realization dawns on him. He’s out of the bed faster than Dean was, and far more alert than Dean is still capable of.
As Dean waits for his food, he realises he's just invited Benny out on their first proper date. They've been sleeping together for years, and sure, they've had food together, out and at home, but it's never been an actual date before. Castiel got into his head, and honestly he's pretty sure he's going to kiss him for it.
Lucifer and Michael stop in front of a door at the end of the hallway, staring at the wood, and Dean can feel the crackle of power behind it, like an itch down his spine. He's not entirely sure how the wards in this room managed to stay up when all the others in the bunker hadn't. The wards will keep the archangels out, but Dean's pretty sure they're not complex enough to keep Dean and Castiel out. At least he hopes.
"Imagine that," Dean says almost breathlessly, closing the book again and staring at it for a moment before he hands it back to Rowena. "I still don't trust them."
“I am unsure. I am unaware of a being that could teleport us into another world. Perhaps an archangel, but all known archangels are currently incapacitated,” Castiel replies, a thoughtful look on his face. “Perhaps Gabriel is not dead after all? This seems very much like one of his games.”
Castiel finds himself disappointed, but goes nonetheless, sliding his hand out of Dean's and walking around the car to get into the passenger seat.
"Feel the same?" Sam asks, eyebrow raised. "Most definitely. We were all sort of hoping you guys would figure it out eventually, but there was an apocalypse, and another, purgatory, death, blah blah blah, and you just never did."
“I love you too, Dean,” Castiel replies, eyes closed again and voice soft as he lays himself against Dean’s body.
"Fuck, Benny," Dean grunts, stroking his thumb over the head of his cock, shivering at the sensation. He's so fucking close to coming, his entire body feels like lightning.
"I wish we could take them back with us," Dean says, sliding his arm under the pillow to prop his head up further. "But I know we can't, and it wouldn't be fair to leave Dean and Castiel alone." Dean sighs and rolls onto his stomach, pressing his face into the pillows. "Life's been so hard on Emma. She never even got to live, and now she's a warrior fighting for her life. Claire-"
Castiel steps up to the car and leans in the open window near Dean’s head, looking down at him. “Are you alright?” He asks.
Dean sends Jody, Donna, Claire and the people they've rescued from the cells away with the angels.he two archangels stay with Dean and Castiel to take them away once they’ve find Crowley.
"Okay," he can do a brief introduction, without the specifics, that's easy. "So, I'm going to use you as an example; no one person can satisfy every emotional, physical and sexual need that you have, that's why you have friends and family. Some people have more romantic and sexual needs then others, which is where polycules come in. There are hundreds, thousands of different kinds, you can't do a polycule wrong. Some people have say… three partners, who also have other partners, and some of those have relationships with more people, it's kind of like a molecule, a web. Other polycules are like us, three or more people who are in one big relationship rather than two or three relationships. Does that make any sense?"
Cat sits forward, leaning her arms on the table. “I do. My wife. She tripped and stepped on the bush. Why?” Her eyebrows are knitted together in confusion.
They're silent for so long that Dean isn't expecting it when Castiel speaks. "New Years, after Christmas, before school starts back up, I'll be back then."
"Are you poly?" He says it in a rush, like it fought its way out of his mouth, and he flushes a deep red afterwards. "Sorry, that was rude, I just… I mean, I remember you kissed the redhead in the kitchen."
He’s about to ask Dean where his clothes are again when Dean pulls him in by his waist and kisses him again, holding Castiel’s face in his hands. “I love you. It can wait a little bit longer, but I don’t think they’ll go back.”
Dean slides his hand from Castiel's hair to his cheek, feeling how hot it is, how soft his skin is and how scratchy his stubble is. "Yeah, Cas, I like it, too. A lot."
"Yeah, small problem, though," Castiel's face falls. "No, it's not bad, she just won't be back for a bit, she had to go to another continent for… I think it was for ingredients? She didn't say when she'd be back. We'll have to visit her cabin once a day or something until she is."
"Since you seem quite familiar with the Bible, we'll skip over that part," Rowena says when Dean hasn't answered for a minute. "You know there was a war between Lucifer's faction of angels and Michael's? Before Michael cast Lucifer into hell, the battle spilled onto our plane. They killed... millions. Innocent lives lost to a senseless war they had no reason to be in."
Castiel lays the blankets in the tray as a makeshift mattress, to soften the surface, then sets the pillows in a pile at the head, near the cabin, and the duvet in a heap at the end. When Dean climbs into the tray after him, he has the lube and condoms from the case under the driver’s seat.
Her eye twitches and she clenches his jaw. "He was gross. No he was fucking vile, I wasn't taking it back to him."
Dean nods his head, takes a deep, steadying breath then takes hold of his dick. Slowly, gently, he presses it inside Castiel. Castiel winces at the stretch of the intrusion, and Dean stops pushing in to let him get used to it, kissing him to distract him. Dean feels when he relaxes, body going limp against the mattress, and he pushes in further, slowly bottoming out.
Emma snorts. "Cryptic much? Well, when you've 'figured it out' feel free to have make-up sex somewhere far far away from me."
When Castiel has placed the rope back in the case he climbs onto the bed and straddles Dean’s thighs. He pulls Dean’s face up by the chin and kisses him hard, licking his way into Dean’s mouth. His fingers are rough in Dean’s skin and a shiver slides down Dean’s spine, prickling at his skin. Castiel’s teeth dig into Dean’s bottom lip and Dean moans, fingers flexing where they lie by his sides. He wants to touch Castiel, but he hasn’t been given permission yet.
Dean nods. “I know, I don’t think it’s a shapeshifter either, but we won’t know until we see the bodies.” Dean pulls down another road before finding himself in front of the police station, parking in the parking lot. “We should have eaten after we got here, I’m starving.”
"Emma?" Dean turns on his heel, worried, to see Emma on the floor, her head bleeding. "Fuck, Emma, I'm so sorry, are you alright?"
"I'm just going to take my lunch break, yeah? Call me if you need me, I'll only be down at Lafitte's."
Sam leaves his gun on the porch, climbing down the stairs and closer to Dean, who takes a step back. "She said she ran with me, away from the hunters, and when she got back to the packlands it was burnt to the ground. Everyone was dead."
Rowena turns to look at Castiel, her face weary, showing her years more than she ever has. "A cretin. My son."
. "Strength in numbers, obviously. Being a powerful demon didn't stop the humans from killing Lilith, Ramiel, Azazeal or Asmodeus, did it?" Castiel plants himself on the couch next to Dean, looking far too smug, then says, "I'd rather stop the apocalypse, if you don't mind."
Benny does, picking it up and taking a tiny bite out of the end of it, chewing carefully. His face is thoughtful as he swallows, and finally, after what feels like forever, he nods and says, "It's alright." He finishes the rest of it, then points at the saganaki. "And this one?"
Castiel's grinning brightly, but he has the good sense not to laugh again, and Dean shuffles forward so he's kneeling over Castiel's belly then finds the lube in the sheets. He squirts a glob of it on his hand and reaches back to take Castiel's cock into his hand, slicking it with the lube before holding it up and bracing it so he can slide down onto it.
Castiel carefully folds himself into the chair across the room from their bed, next to the crib. He had found them both at a flea market in the city, and they don't really match the rest of the room, but Dean likes them in a weird sort of way; the scratches at the top from the teething babies who had come before Jack, the name carved into the bottom,
Dean lets out a choked breath and hopes Emma blows his reaction off as surprise that his daughter has mentioned his sex life, rather than surprise that he
Once she's been to the bathrrom, they head back out to the car, climbing inside without a word to either Castiel or Claire, turning back onto the highway.
– you’re dead. I… Jesus, I watched Sam shoot you.” He feels like he’s going insane. “I don’t belong here. Wherever here is.”
He decides to bring it up later, maybe with Rowena, because she seems just as unsure about the situation as he feels.
"I can't instantly heal wounds made from angel blades," Castiel replies. "I heard you after Jack was taken. You don't trust my brother."
"I can feel it, Dean," Castiel whispers, pressing his hands to the door, fingers spread wide. "My Grace is inside."
The gun does go off, a bullet shooting straight through the wood and plating and striking the wall on the other side of the room. Inside the drawer, next to the rigged up gun, is a small vial of shining blue liquid, and Dean suddenly remembers seeing it in Bevell's hands in the Nephilim's vision.
He goes through several emotions over the next few seconds, first confusion and then relief, happiness, sadness, before finally landing on rage.
"Okay. I will." When the call ends, he hands Sam's phone to him and climbs to his feet, out of Benny's warm embrace. "I'm going to take a shower." He tells them both, taking his phone out of his pocket and throwing it onto the couch cushions next to Benny.
They're all grinning so stupidly wide, and Dean wishes he could kiss Castiel more than he's wished for anything most of his life.
. Out of the two celestial beings in the house, Gabriel is the only one Dean hasn't known long enough to trust. Dean catches Castiel's eyes and carefully tilts his head to the side, blinking at Gabriel so quickly he worries Castiel won't have seen it. The angel frowns and Dean doesn't bother elaborating, at least for now.
"It's probably the eye-fucking across the room and the semi-public sex." Castiel decides before leaving Dean alone in the kitchen with his jaw practically on the floor.
, it would be cool to see what the person that made this liked. And this one's Foreigner, I love Foreigner, I hope it has Urgent on it."
"Hey, Claire, Dean has a '67 Impala," Castiel says after clearing his throat, no doubt in an attempt to move the conversation away from his love life.
Dean gets the distinct impression that despite the guns, they don't actually want to hurt them, but he still threatens them when one of them reaches out to grab Emma's wrist. "You touch her and there won't be enough left for a grinder snack. Him too," he says when someone else pushes Castiel to the ground.
"What have you done!" Dagon yells, charging Dean with her eyes bright yellow and glowing like the sun. Dean shoots her too, but she disappears before it hits her. She reappears again behind him, and he shoots her at again, and again and again. She's laughing, this high ugly thing like the way female cartoon villains laugh, and Dean stops, closing his eyes and taking a breath, centering himself. This time, when he shoots, it sinks into her shoulder, lightning spider webbing out, and she collapses.
He takes Baby this time, and parks her round the back, letting himself in the back door with the key on his key chain, locking it behind him.
Dean's eyes flutter closed and he rolls onto his other side so he's facing Castiel, forehead pressed into Castiel's stomach. Castiel feels a heat grow in his gut that he recognises as arousal, yet he can't explain why.
Dean stares between his phone and Benny with his mouth gaping open in shock, before Castiel sends another text.
Castiel moans at the pet name and tugs at Dean's hair again, a sharp ache in his scalp that shoots like lightning through Dean's veins and directly to his cock. He comes first, despite how much he wanted Castiel to, spilling into Castiel's body with a grunt of Castiel's name.
Castiel finishes cleaning him and treating his wound before he sits Dean in an ugly old armchair in the cabin's main room and goes to get food from the car. The sun's started to rise, but they're all exhausted, so they set up a makeshift sleep area in front of the fire they light in the fireplace before they crash.
Castiel looks unsure, but nods nevertheless and releases Dean. He miracles the earth parted between them until skeletons are revealed in the crater he's created. Some of them are so small and Dean feels breathless for a whole other reason. He pushes through it and climbs down into the hole, still breathing through his nose as he chooses a larger skeleton (just so he doesn't have to look at the tiny ones huddled together).
Dean loses his jeans and shoes and leans over Castiel, taking Castiel's face in his hands and tilting it up. When Dean kisses him it's rough and desperate, licking into Castiel's mouth and tasting the whiskey he drank earlier on his tongue. It's an awkward angle, but Dean doesn't mind until his neck starts to ache, so he presses a hand to Castiel's shoulder and pushes him down into the mattress, climbing on top of him.
"Hello, dear," Rowena greets as she appears beside him. To Dean's surprise, the man pulls her into a tight hug. "Alright, alright. We need your help."
The hare stops to sniff at the inside of a log and Dean manages to catch it by surprise, snapping his jaws around the back of its neck, snapping its spine between heartbeats. He huffs triumphantly and carries it back to the bag and clothes he left hanging in a tree on the outskirts of the city. He hadn't smelt anyone as he was walking, or anything different from what he left when he went hunting, so he's surprised to find Castiel waiting for him, leaning against a tree with his arms crossed over his chest. He looks far more human standing like that then he has in days, a contradiction to the straight-backed, blank-faced angel he is around everyone but Dean, but also sometimes including him.
Benny lets out a startled laugh, leaving the crate on the counter as he begins stacking the glasses in the rack with the other clean ones. "And what did you say?"
He's leaning over the hood, stretched out onto his toes so he can reach the grate on the other side without having to go over there when he catches movement in the corner of his eye.
The room behind Dean's door is still and quiet, and Castiel doesn't knock. Dean is asleep, and everything Castiel has to say to him can wait until he wakes.
The woman sighs, shrugging her shoulders. “I mean, everything together? The way they were killed, all the grave robberies, the doppelgängers - they could kinda be explained away on their own? But my dad’s been telling me about the case? And the incident in 2003 just came back to me all at once.”
Dean takes it too literally, as he always does, because rather than undressing the two of them by hand, he disappears their clothes. The sudden lack of barriers between their skin leaves Castiel breathless, goosebumps raising all over his skin.
Dean strokes Castiel’s cheek gently and says, “I missed you too, Castiel. I’m sorry I’ve been away for so long.”
He stops then, shows Castiel the rope and says, “Where you’re going wrong here, is you’re either pulling this loop too far, or not far enough.” Dean takes hold of the bight and flips it over the second piece of rope before pulling both ropes until the loops form a knot. “See?”
"Florida? Lots of gators; could be eating the grinders. We could probably find a cabin in the swamp?" Emma offers.
Castiel’s eyes blink open and he leans up slightly to look at Dean’s neck, and says, “Maybe a little.”
"Holy fuck. Dude, holy fuck." Dean's brain feels a bit like a record player with it's needle stuck, his mind whispering
Castiel smiles through a yawn, and Dean stops laughing to say, "Go to bed, baby, we can talk in the morning."
Jack grins brightly at Castiel and jumps into his arms before he can react. He's recently become far more tactile than he has ever been during his very few years of life, and the last few times he'd come to visit he had pulled Castiel and the others into a tight hug each and pressed his mouth to their cheeks like Rowena often did. Castiel is often surprised at how much he doesn't mind the new, increased levels of touch in the people around him.
“My closet,” Castiel replies, worrying at his bottom lip with his teeth. Dean’s eyes track the movement for a second, before moving away so quickly Castiel’s sure he’s imagined it. “My tie, too. And my sweatpants, my hoodie, the AC/DC t-shirt you gave to me.”
"I know," Castiel says, turning onto his side and smiling at Dean gently. He's had a shower tonight, and he smells like chemicals and lemons, and it makes Dean's nose twitch. His hair is fluffy and curling at the ends, still slightly wet, and Dean wants to reach over and thread his fingers through that hair - so he does. Castiel closes his eyes at the touch, leaning into it. "Hm, that's nice."
Dean snorts. "You're telling me," he moves to stand next to Castiel, leaning against the cot and resting his chin on his hand. "I never realized how boring little babies actually were. All he does is eat, sleep, and shit." At Castiel's own snort and rolled eyes, he continues, "The twins were like… five months when I went to live with Tasha."
"What a slanderous accusation!" Dean takes the plate and walks it over to where the man sits, settling it on the bar in front of him. He has a strange look on his face, like he's trying to figure Dean out, but it clears almost as soon as Dean sees it. He thanks Dean and settles the plate where he wants it, a little closer to himself than where Dean put it. "Any sauce? Tabasco, ketchup, aioli?"
The third item is Dean’s AC/DC shirt, which Castiel chalks up to its return to its rightful owner and calls it a day, but the fourth is when the pattern emerges. His sweatpants go missing, and he knows he left them on his bed when he went to the shower room. He finds another pair of pants to wear, but also reminds himself to ask Sam and Dean about the strange happenings.
Castiel looks confused for all of two seconds before his face blushes beet-red; and when Dean looks over at Benny the man looks caught between amusement and downright exasperation. Dean leans back into the seat with his arms crossed over his chest and his mouth quirked up into another smug smile.
Rowena folds her hands over her legs and taps her nails on her thigh, mouth pursed thoughtfully, then asks, "When?"
"I don't want to involve them any more than we already have," Dean says, then, "But he'll have warded it against us as well. So Donna, Claire, and Jody? And what about this witch? We still don't know who it is, how can we fight them if we don't know who we're fighting?"
, and Castiel's chest clenches in a way that makes him dizzy, but it’s also kind of nice. Once he's paid, he wheels the shopping cart out to the parking lot and leaves it beside the trunk of Sam's borrowed car so he can pack it all into the back seat. When he looks up to take another bag from the cart he sees a bright red convertible drive past. The top is up, but he's pretty sure it's Rowena's, and now he's most definitely confused.
"She said the customer over peppered it and wanted a new one. I told her to take it back and tell him to eat it or leave, but she wont, and she's driving me insane right now," Charlie says, snapping the last in Josephine's direction. Josephine looks cowed by Charlie, but she's insistent, which means she's far more worried about taking the plate back to the customer than she is about Charlie's ensuing wrath.
Dean stares at Castiel for a long time, mouth slightly open in shock, and Castiel grows worried, terrified he's about to be rejected. He's been rejected by Dean before, but not in this way, not for the way he wants Dean, and he's not sure he can take it. He's about to pull away, save himself from further humiliation when Dean finally speaks, "Me, too. Well, I don't mean that I think you love me, I mean that I think I love you, too." Dean screws up his mouth before it smooths out into a smile. "Yeah, no, I'm pretty sure I do. Have for a while."
Castiel looks curious, head tilted to the side, then shakes his head. "You pick for me, I don't mind what kind of meat."
Castiel and Dean climb the stairs together, knocking on all the bedroom doors in the hallway, and telling the women to pack the essentials quickly and get downstairs. Alex doesn't answer, and when Dean peeks inside her room, he finds her gone. His heart thunders in his chest, terrified she's the one who's called the hunters.
When he’s gone, Dean chuckles and turns to Castiel to say, “He’s been flirting with you since you met.”
Rowena sighs and shakes her head, "I don't know, Dean. We could summon Fergus when we arrive in Sioux Falls, but I can't promise anything. He's powerful - not as powerful as I am, but powerful enough to resist." She turns to the raven then, face sad. "I promise we'll find a way. Maybe there's something in the book the angels gave me."
motion. "I'm fluent in Czech, and not terrible with Russian on a good day, but I could barely manage a conversation in Serbian. I'm fluent enough in German to hold a conversation, but only because I chose to take it as an elective in college."
Dean's tongue flicks out to touch the tip of Castiel's dick and his hips jolt up, shoving his dick further into Dean's mouth until he makes a small choking sound. "Oh crap, I'm so sorry, are you alright?"
"Don't tell her you remember that, she'll try to kick your ass!" Dean chuckles and bumps his shoulder into Castiel's. He turns sad, then, when he realises he hasn't told Castiel about Ellen yet. "Ellen was in the car with Bobby when he lost his leg, yeah? Jo's still sore on it, so don't bring it up and I'll tell you the story later."
It's dark up here, and he can only just see the lights of the closest town in the distance, which makes it the perfect place to stare up into the sky. He used to think it was cliche, but he was dating someone once who used to say staring up at the stars was the only time they felt truly at peace, and it stuck with him. The person he was dating taught him how to recognise some of the constellations, though he gave them stupid names rather than call them Orion or Cassiopeia or Andromeda. Mostly because it took him months to get the pronunciations right (but also because it was hilarious watching their face go red when they burst into laughter).
“Better?” Castiel asks as he’s drying Dean’s wings with one of Jack’s towels. He knows he still has to cover the wings in preening oil once they’re dry, but for now, they look much better than when they started.
Dean notices Castiel and Emma don’t use the guns he knows they have. Castiel has a baseball bat and Emma has a tire iron. He realises belatedly that they’re trying not to make any more sound than he already has.
The man eyes him suspiciously but nods, stepping behind the counter and leaning over a microphone to call Alex to the desk. Alex comes out of a patient room a few doors down, slinging a stethoscope around her neck and frowning, until she sees Dean and the look on her face turns to worry and fear.
Dean climbs to his feet, pulling away from the hand on his thigh, and waves both hands in front of him in a stop motion. "Cas, I… this is fucking
Benny's been fucking Dean mere moments and Dean is going to come in seconds like a goddamned teenager, and he absolutely cannot find it in himself to care.
"Dean, fuck," Castiel groans, threading his fingers in Dean's hair and tugging until it stings, trying to meet his thrusts. He's getting close, Dean can smell it on him, so he wiggles a hand in between the both of them and gets it around Castiel's cock to jerk him off as he thrusts up into him.
Dean sits back against the back of the couch and stares up at Castiel. "I'm not really sure what I'm doing, either, Cas."
"You pointed a gun at my daughter and your friend threw my husband to the ground," Dean begins, scowling at the man in front of him. "Be thankful I didn't break your fuckin' neck!"
Castiel reaches in to touch the baby's cheek with two fingers, stroking it gently. "We should clean him. Take him to the bathroom, I'll find clothing for him."
"Oh, wow," Castiel says once the gold shine in his eyes has passed, gently settling Kelly's hand in her lap. "That was… an experience. Was that the future?"
"Yes. I hear you've been going by Sam Winchester, any reason you chose the name of my dead brother?" It's a little harsher than he'd first intended it to be, but he decides if this guy wants to play games with him, then Dean will too.
He gets two of them disarmed and on the ground in seconds, then rounds on the others. He's got a gun now, taken from one of the guys he hit, but there's far too many for him to have the upper hand.
Patience smiles gently. "You should soon. Whatever's going on, you're important, and you know things. So we're not gonna leave you without your memories." She finishes her drink then climbs to her feet, wobbling a little as she stands. She bids them a goodnight before stumbling up the stairs.
Dean makes a frustrated grunting noise and throws his phone onto the mattress. He gets his wool coat from the hallway closet and pulls it on. He collects his wallet and then his phone, pointedly not checking for any other text (or damned photo, the bastard) from Benny before shoving it in his pocket.
Their hands break apart so they can exit the car, and Dean meets Castiel at the passenger side. Dean's not sure what he wants to say to Castiel, and even if he did know, he doesn't get the chance, because Castiel says, "Is it alright if I kiss you, Dean?"
“What made you think to call us? The previous incident happened almost two decades ago, most people forget after all that time,” Castiel asks, eyebrows furrowed. “How did you know it was our kind of situation?”
The radiance in his eyes clears, settling into a dark hazel, and he gives Dean a sharp grin. "They call me Gabriel." He blinks over at Sam, eyes raking over his body. "And who are you, handsome?" Dean pretends to vomit and rolls his eyes at Rowena, whose expression flips from annoyed to amused.
"So while Lucifer was here, he obviously told Crowley how to lower archangel warding. Yes Sam, you were right and I'm sorry for accusing Gabriel."
Castiel's dick, and the realization Dean's about to get his mouth on it, is far more intimidating when it's right in front of him. He takes a couple of calming breaths, then wraps his hand around the base.
Dean does as he's told and watches as Patience falls into the chair in front of Castiel's before stretching her hands out towards him. They settle on the sides of his face, the heels of her hands covering his eyes, and her eyes slip shut. Dean can smell the shift in magic, the power she's using to reach inside Castiel's head and find his memories, and it makes him a little dizzy.
Dean's chest constricts. He doesn't remember the last time anyone told him they loved him, nor the last time he let anyone
“Possibly because there’s only one?” Dean replies, squatting down next to the body to examine it. There are small straight nicks in the muscle that look like they may have been caused by a knife.
Dean starts like he likes it, short, fast strokes with a tight hand before he can work up to putting his mouth on Castiel. When he does, he just puts his mouth around the head of it, sucking. The taste is weird, but not bad, so Dean goes back in, a little further this time, choking when he goes too far down.
Patience doesn't look particularly happy about it either, but once the potion's done she accepts it and swallows it down, gagging behind her fist. "Once I'm done you have to give me that bucket and get out of the way, or you'll end up covered in vomit."
When it doesn't look like Gabriel has any plans to continue, no intention to explain what the third option is, Castiel continues for him. "A Ma'lak Box. It's a coffin warded with sigils powerful enough to hold an archangel. The instructions to make the box, however? Missing for centuries. Theoretically, someone still holds the instructions, but-"
, listening to a song on the record player that Castiel's pretty sure he recognises but can't name. He puts the book, open and face-down, on the bedside table and when he looks up at Castiel his eyes catch on his torso and his cheeks tinge red. "Is that my henley?"
Castiel pouts out his bottom lip and Dean tries to ignore the urge to melt. "Very well.  I am extremely tired, I think I might go to bed."
The bed is still unmade, since neither Dean nor Castiel has bothered to make it when they left it that morning, sheets rumpled and pillows everywhere, the clothes they wore to bed flung all over the place. Neither of them are really the neat kind, but he supposes they can be forgiven for that.
“Use something else, we’ll find it later,” Dean replies, shrugging his shoulders as much as the harness will allow him to. “Use the flogger.”
and presses his fingers down on the sides of his neck, cutting off Castiel’s breath and leaving him dizzy as he’s plunged into his orgasm. It doesn’t feel like he’s passed out, it never does, but he just knows he has when his environment is different from one breath to the next.
Dean takes a deep breath in through his nose, and yes, he can smell it. A strong smell of old death that only comes from a large number of bodies. A thousand years old and Dean can still smell them; he surprises even himself sometimes. Castiel follows behind him as he goes after the smell to find it where it's strongest.
He slides his first finger out and fits it back in with a second one, going slowly, carefully, so he doesn't hurt Castiel. His body tenses when Dean's fingers slide all the way inside, and Dean stays still, stroking his thigh soothingly. It takes a while, but Castiel finally does relax, the clutch of his hole no longer so death grip-tight, and Dean curls his fingers up, searching for his prostate. When he finds it, he strokes the tips of his fingers over it until Castiel whimpers, back arching.
- Claire and himself included - have water and preemptive painkillers in them, and water and painkillers on the bedside tables, Dean, Benny and Castiel fall into Castiel's bed. Dean's asleep before Castiel's turned off the bedside lamp.
Dean's eyes flutter closed and he rolls onto his other side so he's facing Castiel, forehead pressed into Castiel's stomach. Castiel feels a heat grow in his gut that he recognises as arousal, yet he can't explain why.
Castiel nods and Bobby goes back to typing. Dean pulls Castiel, Rowena, and Sam into the kitchen, shuts the door behind them and says, "Right, anyone got any ideas, cause I don't think guns blazing is going to work."
Castiel leans over and quietly whispers, “She was a friend of Bobby Singer, she was one of the hunters killed during the Rising of the Witnesses.”
He thinks about it, then swears. "Fuck, Castiel, he was there." He turns to Benny with wild, panicked eyes.
The women are good enough at hiding their emotions that Dean can barely even smell their fear, but it's definitely there.
His head swims very suddenly, and he gets this weird sort of feeling, like déjà vu. He remembers a field, just like this, smouldering after the remnants of a fire had been burnt out, bodies of friends and family. He stumbles back and Castiel takes his elbow to steady him, calling his name. Dean can barely hear it, like through water, like he's swimming in an icy lake and he's struggling to surface. He curves his arm around Castiel's shoulders and presses his face into the angel's throat to scent him, to breathe in the autumnal forest and the winter sunshine and all that shining angelic power. It helps, and eventually, Dean stops feeling like his heart might claw its way out of his throat. He breathes through his mouth as he pulls away, determined not to fall back into that awful memory.
Dean and Castiel surge towards each other at the same time, meeting in the middle with an unpleasant, painful clack of teeth. Laughter bubbles up from Dean's chest when Castiel pulls away to apologise.
He panics, automatically reaching for the gun he always keeps under his pillow. There’s a gun there, certainly, but it’s not
. The sparks of pain spread out through Dean’s body and he feels his muscles jerk with the impact. Castiel hits him hard enough to hurt, hard enough to make it sting, to leave marks, but not to leave welts. Welts will suck.
Castiel nods his head, hums his assent and then says, "Yeah, They're gonna come up on the twentieth. They'll stay until Thanksgiving break, then go back so they're at school the following week. Or they'll stay until the car's ready, whichever comes first. I'm just gonna put us up in my mother's house. I really didn't want to have to, but it'll be easier. And cheaper." He's standing with the sun streaking over his face, and Dean takes a moment to wonder how anyone's eyes could be so blue.
It occurs to Dean then that if Lucifer managed to get through powerful celestial warding, he had help doing so. Help on the
Jack makes a noise across the room, a sleepy mumble, and they both freeze, staring at each other with wide eyes before they both turn to look at him simultaneously. He's still asleep, face turned towards the wall, one arm out of the muslin and they both turn back to each other. Dean presses his forehead to Castiel's and huffs out a quiet laugh, whispering, "C'mon, go faster."
Castiel takes a shower after Rowena and Jack leave. Since becoming human for the second time, showers have become his favorite part of the day. He enjoys the peace and the quiet, the tapping of water on his skin. The showers in the bunker are communal, like the showers in the homeless shelter in Emery had been, and Castiel finds comfort in it in a way that Dean and Sam both do not. They often complain about the lack of privacy, something Castiel doesn't understand given how their childhood on the road with John had been.
Dean does give it to Claire when she holds her hand out for it, but he's also confused, and Castiel looks like he's about to take pity on him, but Claire beats him to it. "Dad doesn't agree with the minimum drinking age in America." She says simply, using her shirt to wrench the lid off the top, rather than use a bottle opener, and Dean frowns at her in confusion for ages. "He says that a high drinking age only serves to cause more alcohol related injuries than it was meant to prevent."
Dean takes a deep breath then says, "I'm going to suck your dick. Or at least I'm going to try to." He lays on top of Castiel and kisses him once. "Why don't you just tell me what feels good?"
Rowena puts a gentle hand on Dean's shoulder and squeezes. "She probably didn't, Dean. She probably thought everyone
"That's the nicest way anyone's said that she's lost her mind," Dean jokes, bumping his shoulder into Castiel's. When he looks at Benny again, he's smiling at them, and Dean's not sure why, but he likes it. Dean turns to Castiel then and says, "Hey, Benny and I've been talking. Wait - do I need to give you the poly talk, too?"
Dean pulls his shirt over his head and drops his jeans, stepping out of them, leaving him in his briefs. He climbs into the bed with Castiel, spreading the man’s thighs with his knees. He plants his hands in the mattress on either side of Castiel’s head and leans down to press a quick, gentle kiss to his mouth.
When Dean climbs back into the bed, Castiel pulls him into his arms and kisses him again. Neither says anything, too afraid they'll break whatever spell they've cast between them. They’re still holding each other when they fall asleep, moments later.
Castiel turns towards Dean, face sad, and reaches over to take Dean's hand in his, "The mothers of archangel Nephilims don't survive, Dean. Kelly knows that."
Deanna turns to Jack and Claire, and with the bright smile of a social butterfly, says, "Hi! I'm Deanna." She sticks her little hand to Jack first (because she's recently discovered handshakes and has decided to greet everyone that way), and the poor boy looks completely confused. He does eventually wipe his hand on a cloth and reach out to take Deanna's hand, letting her shake it vigorously as he introduces himself.
Bobby shrugs and turns back to the laptop. "If you give me a little longer, I could probably give ya an exact location."
The shine in Gabriel's eyes eases and he drops to his knee beside Sam, resting two fingers on the werewolf's forehead. White light gleams in Sam's wound before the skin begins stitching itself back together.
“Agent, it’s Sheriff Vaughan, we’ve found another body, I thought you and your partner might want to come take a look.”
Dean's first proper thrust is hard and goes deep, leaving Castiel gasping for breath, digging his fingernails into the meat of Dean's shoulder until he's groaning, too. He tries to meet Dean thrust for thrust, but Dean's thrusts are too rapid for Castiel to follow, so he holds on while Dean fucks him, whispering into his ear, calling him
"Deanna! Your dad would skin me alive!" Dean cries, craning his head around the room at each door out of the kitchen to see if Sam is hanging around.
"Now that you've figured it out, can you go do something about it? I'm sick and tired of the sexual tension, and I've only had a couple years of it. Sam's had it for most of his adulthood," Eileen says with a raised eyebrow, arms crossed over her chest with her fingers tapping at his arm. She looks impatient with him, but also exceedingly amused, and it's making Castiel very confused.
It's silent for a moment and Dean wonders if it hadn't actually worked, until thunder cracks somewhere in the distance and the two archangels appear in a flash of bright white light. Castiel looks surprised, like he wasn't entirely sure they would appear.
”Baby,” Dean murmurs, tracing his thumb over the curve of Castiel’s lips. Dean’s never known anyone as beautiful as Castiel, and he still doesn’t understand how he managed to make an
"I don't normally observe Thanksgiving," Castiel replies, making a vague sort of hand gesture that Dean suspects he's using to imply the reason is because of its genocidal roots.
“Cas, you’re terrifying then. The girl is five, just put the gun down,” Dean says, reaching forward and pushing the gun down. Castiel lets him, switching the safety back on. “You’ve got great timing baby, really, but I’ve got this one.”
A flash of relief washes over Castiel’s face, and then suddenly he looks annoyed. “I have been here for
Eileen rolls her eyes. "Of course, Dean, you know Sam and I cook enough to feed a small army. We would love to have them."
Dean grins brightly, and Benny catches Castiel's mouth in a kiss. "Yeah, Cas, that's perfect." Dean says, kissing Castiel himself when Benny pulls away. "How much longer can you stay?"
Dean licks into Castiel's mouth and he responds in kind, tasting the inside of his mouth before pulling back to heave a deep breath. The freckles on Dean's cheek stand out against the red flush that has spread across them and Castiel wants to lean forward and press a kiss to each and every one of them, no matter how long it takes. He realises he's been just sitting there, staring at Dean's cheeks for an abnormally long time and turns up so their eyes meet. Dean is bemused and his eyes are crinkled in the corner.
"Baby - the Impala - actually," Dean starts, taking a sip of his beer. "My dad would let me work on her when I was a kid. He died in senior year, and I needed a job, had two mouths to feed - oh you never met Adam! He's a sweet kid, our half brother. His mom died not long before John - cancer - so he came to live with us. He's in college at the moment, Stanford like Sam. Anyway, what was I saying? Oh, right, I got a job with the previous owner of the auto shop, and when he retired he offered the shop to me but I really didn't want to deal with the business side of things. Bobby had left the school by then, so I sent the offer to him and he took it. I tried to do a bit of mechanical engineering in college once Sam had left university, but I got bored of it pretty quickly, too dumb for math."
to get them, or raise her suspicions. Besides, this world's Castiel and Dean will need it, he figures, might as well help them out.
The youngest is holding the little toy dinosaur and has tight blonde curls, she looks no more than five. The second youngest, a little boy with big curls and dark skin in a jumper way too big for him looks about ten or eleven. The last, the eldest, is a teenager with pale skin and long back hair, so long it hangs down his back, and he can’t be more than sixteen. Dean’s not entirely sure if those are their real faces or their last meals.
Dean's cheeks flush pink and he tries to hide a smile with his coffee cup as he makes his way to the kitchen table, but Castiel sees it anyway. It makes his chest feel warm and tight. When Sam and Eileen enter the kitchen, flushed and slightly disheveled, Castiel is sitting at the table next to Dean with toast (one piece with peanut butter and another with jelly, smushed into a sandwich - Eileen's idea) and Dean's hand is rested on his thigh. Dean doesn't move it, but the room's new occupants don't notice.
"Speaking of horny, fuck and public," Benny begins, which only serves to make Dean worried about Benny's next words. He turns the exasperated look into one of worry and mild threat and levels it on Benny, who only shrugs it off. "You didn't put out on the first date, cher. Who are you and what have you done with Dean Winchester?"
"Eloquent," Castiel teases, though he suspects he knows what's stopped Dean, and he really doesn't have any idea either.
When Dean looks over at Cas he doesn't seem that upset about having to stay in town any longer, and all he says, after a shrug, is, "It's not the end of the world. I'll have to figure out what to do with Jack and Claire though. I was only supposed to be here for two weeks."
Dean pulls his mouth from Castiel's to suck in a lungful of oxygen, using the opportunity to push Castiel's shirt further up and over his head. He presses a hand to Castiel's pec and swipes the pad of his thumb over Castiel's nipple, feeling it harden under his touch. The angel groans and curves his hand around Dean's hip, squeezing and holding him there as if Dean would go anywhere else. Dean tugs his own shirt off, throwing it in the general direction of Castiel's before their mouths meet again in a searing kiss.
Sam reappears eventually, holding his phone out to Dean. Dean takes it and presses it to his ear. "Mia?"
Dean reaches into his pocket for the two blister packets of his meds and shows them to Benny before he puts them back. "I was going to take them when we got back in the car. I forgot to take them at lunch." He tells Benny quietly, piling the three menus together that the waitress forgot to take with her when she left. "My body's still sorting out the new drugs. Sorry."
Eileen nods again, a thoughtful look on her face. "Sam said you told John you were bisexual a week after he left, he always thought it was because of Castiel." Dean shrugs noncommittally, but Eileen nods again, like she's taken his shrug as his confirmation. They've talked about Dean's confession to John a lot (fuck Sam for marrying a therapist), but he's never told her about deciding he had to do it then, because if he didn't, he never would. John hadn't taken it well, but he'd been drunk enough that Dean easily took him in the fight he tried to start. "I think you should tell him, you know, catharsis for the both of you."
"This is completely insane, Dean, we can't take Kelly into the bunker," Rowena whispers harshly once Dean and Castiel have relayed the plan to her and Sam. They're in Dean and Castiel's bedroom while Jody, Donna and the others entertain Kelly downstairs. They'd only left them alone downstairs with Dagon after giving the women express permission to empty as many clips in her as they wanted if the demon did anything they didn't even remotely like.
There's a pause, Dean thinks he can hear the scratching of a pen on paper, then Mia speaks again. "Why were you happy, Dean?"
Dean tries very hard not to react like a dumbass, and mostly succedes, except he can feel how hot his cheeks are, and there's a warmth growing in his gut. He makes a face at Castiel, and is about to ask him what he's said, when Benny, the fucker, decides he thinks this is the funniest thing ever, and that he's going to join in on the teasing. The only word Dean recognises is
Dean gets thrown back against the wall by the power, grunting when his back complains at the impact. He's held the baby carefully in his arms to protect him, but the Nephilim still cries at the jerked movement. When he looks up at the bed, at Kelly, she's gone.
When his tears calm into soft hitches of breath, what feels like hours later but was probably only minutes, he pulls away from Castiel and leans up onto his elbow to stare at him. His cheeks are wet too, and Dean can't tell if he cried when Dean had, or if they're Dean's tears. Without thinking of the consequences, he leans in and plants his mouth on Castiel's, kissing him gently.
He must say it out loud because Benny reaches forward to pinch his hip before rolling the condom over Dean's cock.
Benny shoves him up onto the edge of the desk and undoes his pants, reaching in to pull out his cock. He's about to pour the lube onto his cock when Dean says, "Hey, no, I am
“Just kill him, before he kills us,” the middle one says in a harsh whisper, holding onto the eldest’s arm tightly with two hands. The youngest is hiding behind the two of them, holding tightly to her dinosaur. She looks like she’s been crying, eyes red and cheeks blotchy, and Dean’s heart actually clenches at the thought of scaring a five-year-old so much she’s been crying. Shit, what are they doing alone? Even ghouls have parents, where are theirs?
Jody sits on the bed next to Dean while he sits with the baby between his legs. It's awkward, and they'll need to set up some sort of changing station at some point, but it'll do for now. Claire, Kaia, and Patience are standing in the doorway watching, and Dean can tell they're trying very hard not to come in without being invited, vibrating with energy. Alex and Donna are both back in Sioux Falls, Rowena portals them in and out when they have to work (or risk their coworkers' concern when they don’t show up), and Dean realizes that neither of them even know the baby's been born, let alone that Kelly is dead.
"Krissy, Aidan," he greets, stepping up beside them, peering into the hood to check that nothing is amiss. It seems fine, and he nods his head approvingly. "The leak?"
"How?" Jody asks, frowning. She's still reeling from the influx of information, sitting in one of the armchairs with her elbows on her knees.Donna perches on the arm next to her, gentle hand on her shoulder. "I've never heard of an archangel summoning spell."
Dean almost feels bad for the poor son of a bitch, it's likely if anything Dean will get no more than community service. His brother's the town lawyer, the co-sheriffs are friends since childhood, the nearest judge is an ex-girlfriend that Dean still has good standing with, and every witness other than the man's son knows that Dean has been well medicated for borderline personality disorder since he was twenty-three.
Castiel watches for a moment, before wriggling out of his underwear and kneeling over Dean’s flat knee. Dean watches him as he slicks his own fingers and reaches behind himself.
Jack returns to heaven without any prompting, claiming a section of heaven needs immediate attention. Garth finds Dean and Castiel a shapeshifter case in Missouri with three already dead. Sam seems suspicious - Dean hasn’t hunted in months - but he doesn’t say anything, so he either figures it out or doesn’t care enough to ask, too glad to have time alone with Rowena.
"Stay in the car," he tells the girls, reaching for the hunting knife in the footwell before he and Castiel climb out of the car. "You pump, I'll keep watch."
“The second one…” the oldest (who still hasn’t dropped his name) begins, eyes turned down and face red. “He tried to… he thought I was a…” he shakes his head. He won’t look Dean in the eye anymore like he’s terrified of Dean’s reaction to hearing a middle-aged man tried to pick up a kid, like Dean would be angry at him. Dean was only a year younger than him the first time it happened to him.
Two items of clothing aren’t necessarily a pattern in a household that regularly shares clothing, but it’s certainly annoying. He really liked that hoodie. After a few hours of looking he shrugs it off, deciding it’ll do the rounds and be returned to him when it’s ready.
"What is it?" Dean whispers. He doesn't realise how close his mouth is to Castiel's throat until Castiel shivers at the proximity, and Dean's lips feather against the skin there. Castiel flips the book over so it's facing up. It's bound with leather and has a weird symbol on the front, and when Dean sniffs, it smells of blood and human flesh. He makes a face. "Who would make a book out of skin and blood?"
"Fuck, Cas," Dean sighs, unable to take his eyes off of Castiel, sliding his hands up Castiel's thighs to settle onto his hips.
Dean gives her a strong scowl before climbing to his feet and finding the hotel phone, picking up the receiver and dialing the number for reception he finds on the pamphlet sitting next to the phone. It's late, he hadn't realised, and the kitchen, while not closed, is only serving a limited menu, and with an after-hours fee. If he's gonna deal with this crap he needs to eat, and he needs alcohol. If Rowena has to pay for it, all the better. Once he's listed off what he wants he sends a questioning raised eyebrow at Castiel, who shakes his head in response. He knows Castiel hasn't eaten in almost a day, so he orders him a burger like he's ordered himself.
Castiel's mouth turns down into a frown. "Can you shift and talk to me, please? You've been weird for weeks."
Castiel nods. "Thank you so much, I can't tell you. You're the first… well, I've not met anyone like you, who's… sort of like me, and wants to help."
“I’m fine, go to bed. I have to call Dean, anyway,” Castiel replies, shuffling on the couch until he’s more comfortable. Claire has the gall to smirk at him. “My face is covered in road rash and I have a hole the size of a fist in my hip, don’t look at me like that.”
Dean and Castiel order a pizza to the hotel room and take a case of beer from the back of the Impala, sacking out on the bed in front of the TV. They argue good-naturedly over which channel to watch, fighting over the remote, and Dean wins, because he manages to wrestle Castiel onto his front, pinning Castiel’s arms to his sides with his knees, straddling his back.
They visit the roadhouse a few more times, and Castiel gets the feeling that it's to give Sam and Eileen time to themselves. On one of the nights they spend at the bar, after playing pool and drinking beer for a few hours, as they're leaving the building, Castiel slides his hand into Dean's, like he's seen Eileen and Sam do. Dean doesn't pull away, instead squeezing Castiel's hand and bringing it up to press it against his chest so he can pat it with his free hand.
Dean’s third indication comes when he opens his eyes and finds himself in a tent, rather than in his bedroom in the bunker. And he’s not alone. There’s another figure on the other side of the tent, asleep under a pile of blankets, nothing visible but tufts of straight blonde hair.
," Castiel says gently, awake after all. He turns onto his side, and when Dean looks down at him his eyes are open and his face is twisted into a frown. "Rowena said she'll portal you to Mongolia tomorrow, you'll find him."
They go hunting for the pixies, checking every nook and cranny the bunker has, but come up empty-handed. Sam and Eileen are still fairly certain it’s pixies, pixies whose nests are just hidden
Gabriel and Jack are already awake when Castiel lets himself inside the apartment. Jack’s sitting at the counter in his high chair, shovelling cereal into his mouth and spilling milk all over his front, and Gabriel’s staring blearily into the fridge.
Claire perks up at that, and actually puts her phone down on the table, though it's still unlocked and open to Instagram. "Four door or two door?"
Dean waits for Castiel to say something else, but when he doesn't, he gets out a plate and cutlery, shoving piles of the pad thai, mee goreng and kway teow onto the plate. He takes his food and a beer to the lounge room and turns on the TV, flicking channels until he gets bored and turns it to Netflix to finish watching The Witcher.
"A pet dinosaur, Jesus," Dean replies. His jaw already aches from smiling so much, and his chest feels tight. Man, he's a fifteen year old girl. "Do you go out? And like, do digs? That's what they're called right?"
Dean stretches him with four fingers, one at a time, before finally deciding he's sure he can't hurt Castiel and removing them with a slick sound that goes right to the pit of Dean's gut. Castiel looks fucked out, eyes half lidded and glassy, mouth slightly open, and Dean hasn't even gotten his cock in him. He wonders what Castiel will look like when he has. "You okay, Cas?"
Dean gives her a grin, sharp like needles and says, "I was hoping you'd say that. Now I get to eat your heart out of your chest."
Castiel rolls his eyes and leans over to no doubt remove his shoes, then stands and gets his pants and briefs off too, leaving him just as naked as Dean. He throws something at Dean, and he only realizes it's the bottle of lube when it hits him square in the chest and bounces off onto the mattress next to him.
Castiel's mouth turns up in a small smile. "That's true. I suppose some additional torturing couldn't hurt."
He, Benny and Castiel had separated from their tight cuddle pile sometime in the night, and somehow, Dean managed to make it into the middle of the bed, when he was sure Cas was there the night before. Castiel's facing away from Dean, but their legs are tangled, and the side of Benny's head is pressed into Dean's bicep, hair tickling Dean's skin. Dean pushes the duvet down carefully and rolls onto his front without disturbing the other two so he can climb out of bed. When he's finally standing in the ugly paisley rug at the foot of the bed, he stops for a minute, to make sure the other two stay asleep, before he runs to find the toilet.
Claire climbs to her feet and says, "Sorry, just one thing. I'm still trying to wrap my head around you being an angel."
"So, I'm definitely not married," Castiel says, smiling understandingly at Dean when Dean looks up. "And my family's definitely dead."
When the food is finished and Eileen has reappeared, they sit together at the table to eat. Eileen looks a bit nervous, and maybe a bit nauseous, and Castiel wants to ask if she's okay, but Dean stops him, a steady hand on his knee, and leans over to whisper into Castiel's ear.
When the angel and archangel have left, Rowena creates a portal for the others and sends them to Luxembourg to wait, then another for Dean, Sam, and herself to Sioux Falls, to Saint Michael's Cemetery (which is ironic, to say the least).
Castiel interrupts her towards the end of her whine, a very intense look in his eyes, directed at Dean. “Tell me something about where you are from, something no one could feasibly fabricate.”
They begin to argue in Enochian, and Dean rolls his eyes, catching Rowena and Sam's eyes and making a face, which they answer in kind. Gabriel ends the conversation abruptly and stares at Castiel with squinted eyes for a little longer before he turns to Dean and the others. He opens his mouth to say something, then closes it again, before hissing something to Castiel again.
"Anytime they've gotten involved with humans they've devastated entire civilisations," Dean says to Castiel before turning back to Rowena. "No."
Dean laughs harder this time, and he has to shove his knuckles into his mouth so he doesn't interrupt Benny.
"Gods, fuck," Castiel groans when Dean brushes his nose in the crook between Castiel's thigh and groin. He wants to take his time, make Castiel desperate, but Castiel’salready impatient, and he tugs at Dean's hair as a warning.
Benny has the benevolence to make it quick, though Dean's not sure if it's for his own benefit or Benny's. He spears Dean with one of his thick fingers, slick with lube, then two, and then three while he works his mouth over Dean's dick until Dean's sobbing out moans he has to hide behind his fist. When Benny decides he's ready he lowers Dean's foot back down onto the ground and looks back into the room behind him. Dean's about to ask him what the hell he's doing and why he hasn't gotten his dick into Dean yet when Benny climbs to his feet and takes Dean's wrist into his hand, pulling him towards the desk. It's clean, no paper stacked into messy piles and random items on top like every porn Dean's ever watched, which really is such a waste, he would've liked to have seen Benny swipe it off the desk before fucking him over it. Why he had to be a neat freak Dean will never know.
He knows he's won when one of the two men makes a noise across the room - a small one he might not have noticed if he hadn't known they were there, and wasn't actively listening for them - before there are suddenly hands on him, on his waist, pulling him up and turning him around. Castiel's the one holding him, pulling him flush against his body, pulling his face forward for a hard kiss, but Benny's not far behind, one of his hands sliding down Dean's back, settling into the dip at the base of his spine.
Once in the Impala and out of the garage, Castiel turns to Dean and says, "I sense you know something Eileen has asked you not to tell me."
“C’mon,” Dean says between kisses, taking a breath before he kisses Castiel again. “I’m too old to fuck in a shitty chair. On the bed.”
"Cas?" Dean asks, climbing to his feet. Castiel had been thrown against the other side of the room and is now standing, fixing his clothes. "Is that normal? She's just… gone."
Eileen’s cheeks tinge red. “Yes. Penetration helps. I’ll… we’ll get some things for you, just in case. Okay?”
They dress in near silence (when they speak, it's because Dean threw Benny's shirt into an unknown corner of the room and Benny can't find it), and when they're done, Dean kisses Benny again and thanks him before making his way out of the room. He washes his hands in the bathroom before heading out to the bar, greeting Charlie with a cheery salute.
Benny takes the bottle, rolling his eyes and says, "Jesus, cher, if I wasn't the big boss, we'd've been fired ten times over by now."
A voice in Dean's head, one that sounds very suspiciously like his dad's, says unhelpfully. That's when he finally makes himself get out of the shower.
Emma gives him another unimpressed look. "Just kiss and make up, okay? Whatever you're fighting about means nothing compared to the world we're living in. Get over it."
Castiel clears his throat and stretches out his back (which pops noisily in a few places) before looking down at Dean. "Not that I have any experience in the matter, but I suspect that was the prostate."
Dean slaps Castiel's shoulder playfully, rolls his eyes and says, "Help me up onto the hood, Cas, I'm too old to do it myself."
She shrugs her shoulders. “My dad doesn’t know about monsters, I never told him. So unless you want to have
"One ground rule for you lot: if we find out you've betrayed us to Lucifer or Michael, we find out what happens to an angel when a werewolf eats them. Okay? Awesome. Go find Castiel."
"I…" Dean shakes his head, eyebrows flying into his hairline. "I don't want to know. I'm glad the curse is broken, but I don't ever want to know how." He scrubs his hands over his face and sighs, turning back to the newcomers. He ignores the archangel and the demon and greets Kelly first. "Hi, sweetheart."
At first, it’s Castiel’s - or well, Jimmy’s - blue tie. It’s not like Castiel uses it all that much anymore anyway, he’s really only keeping it for sentimental reasons now, but its sudden disappearance is
Dean's eyes are bright on the moonlight when he looks up at Castiel. Castiel’s chest feels tight and he pulls the angel close just to kiss him again.
"When the Men of Letters extracted my Grace from the soil of the lavender patch I felt it. My memories as an angel came rushing back to me. I don't know why a human touching my Grace triggered it, angels still know nothing of their own beings, God - he's been gone for a long time." Castiel wiggles until he's sitting up more comfortably and peers across the room at the baby asleep in the cot. Jack's snoring and Dean still can't get over how that's a thing; he's so little he shouldn't be able to make a noise that loud. "He didn't tell the angels a lot about their own beings. Once he left the angels discovered everything about themselves through trial and error.” He looks reserved, and Dean supposes he's had thousands of years to come to terms with his whole 'deadbeat dad' situation. Far longer than most children get. "Anyway-"
,” Dean whispers, almost in awe. He doesn’t get to be inside Castiel very often (and with Castiel on top of him even less), and it feels almost like a religious experience every time it does happen.
Josephine's jaw clenches again, and her cheeks are red like she's embarrassed, like she has absolutely anything to be embarrassed about. "He made a comment about waiting til I got off for the night."
Castiel's still nodding, face thoughtful, and Dean's worried he's going to say no, except when he finally does speak, he says, "Probably earlier."
Before he’s even uncovered his face, he feels the world shift around him, and then fingers are resting on his forehead. The pain in his body eases, and when he finally lowers his arm, he can see Castiel in front of him. He looks different, and he smells different, sharp around the edges, more powerful.
Sam tries to hand her back, cause he's a shit, but Dean ducks out of the way, diving towards the fridge and pulling it open, reaching in for a beer. Sam disappears through the door leading into the back hallway and Castiel and Benny appear from the front hallway, and Dean takes out another two beers.
Castiel shakes his head. "I'm really not, I promise. It's mostly just memorising a few phrases that I'll need."
He finds his axe and the large sack he uses to carry wood around, and when he heads out of the cave, the raven follows, hopping on the floor until he has enough headroom to spread his wings and lift into the air.
Castiel nods his head and starts undoing the rope at Dean’s wrists to let Dean’s hands loose. Even with the rope still around Dean’s biceps he can still move his arms to the front and rub his wrists while Castiel takes the rest of the rope from the rest of his body. When he’s free, he wraps one of his hands around the opposite wrist and pulls them up, stretching his aching shoulders and biceps.
Dagon and Lucifer only try to come back in once, giving in when Kelly's eyes glow with that heavenly Nephilim fire from the child inside of her. He's not even born yet and he's already taken a pretty strong stance on how he feels about his father. Dean likes the kid already.
"Of course that machinating bottom feeder lived through the purge," Michael hisses under his breath, scowling at Lucifer.
Early the next morning, after Castiel has been so rudely awoken by sounds from Sam's bedroom (sounds he would rather not think about), he finds his way into the kitchen and starts the coffee machine. He still doesn't enjoy the taste of coffee, but he finds himself turning it on for Dean every morning before using the kettle to make himself tea. Tea, he likes.
Well, the girls do, and Castiel does, but Dean finds he can't, not when he's completely overcome by the urge to kiss Castiel again. Now that he's done it, and Castiel accepted and willingly participated in it, it's like Dean can't stop thinking about it.
No one gets to comment on Claire's departure, because one of the guys Dean knocked out is stalking towards him, outrageously angry and bleeding from a broken nose.
No angel has enough juice after the fall to pop him into… wherever this is. The archangel Gabriel is dead…
“Except when you’re a brat,” Castiel replies, scratching Dean again. His hands disappear from Dean’s body before one comes back down to slap Dean’s ass with a resounding
"One for Claire?" He asks carefully, taking out a fourth bottle out and waving it in the air slowly, careful not to shake it up too much.
"Good enough greeting?" She says before reaching up to poke at Dean's face, then ruffle his hair. "You haven't texted me in weeks, asshole."
Sam and Eileen still haven't appeared by the time Castiel has almost finished cooking and he's becoming increasingly nervous, though he's unsure why. He's made pasta from a recipe in the cookbook Eileen gave him when he decided he wanted to learn how to cook, and it doesn't look great (the sauce is too thick and he thinks he may have overcooked the pasta) but when Castiel tastes it, he decides it doesn't matter what it looks like, because it has a really strong bacon flavour. Dean, at least, will love it. Castiel has long since decided that the only opinion he has ever and will ever care for is Dean's.
," and a shiver runs down Castiel's spine. His body clenches around Dean's cock and the world narrows down to this moment on the mattress with Dean, Dean's cock inside of him, Dean's mouth on his.
Castiel frowns, standing up carefully and using Dean's shoulder to balance himself. "You were supposed to get it. Shit, what did Crowley tell me?" He wipes his hands over his face, digging the heels of his hands into his eyes. "What was it?
A shiver runs down his spine and the hairs at the back of his neck prick up. He's picked up a lot of French since he met Benny, at least, he definitely knows the stuff he uses to tease Dean, and
Dean shoots his own look at Castiel who raises an eyebrow, before he says, “Yes, thanks. And any beef burger you have. Cas?”
"This world is very bad, Dean," Castiel whispers once the girls are asleep and he and Dean are in their bed. "We can't fix it."
Castiel doesn’t squeeze his hand down until Dean’s so close he’s about to come. When he can feel that cliff coming, Castiel’s fingers tighten across his throat. White spots pop up behind his eyes and he cries out as he comes. Castiel rides him through it, hand tight on Dean’s neck until Dean has stopped making noise and his body is twitching.
“You always turn into a rag doll after you’ve come,” Dean says with a chuckle, rolling them over carefully so Castiel is on his back. Dean pulls his cock from the man’s body before going in search of something to clean them up. He finds a washcloth in the bathroom, soaks it in warm water, and takes it back to Castiel, wiping his belly and cock first before rolling him onto his belly so he can clean the mess he left between Castiel’s cheeks. “Feel like a nap? I could set the alarm?” He asks when he’s done and he’s thrown the washcloth in the general direction of the washroom.
When Dean looks up at her she has a thoughtful look on her face and she's nodding her head. "Yeah, I think I understand."
Castiel slaps a hand to his face and groans, and Dean bursts into laughter, a flush taking over his cheeks.
The corner of Castiel's mouth tilts up and he says, "I do believe you." He sits on the edge of the bed next to Dean and reaches out to touch the baby's head, stroke gently at the curls. "He's so very small."
"Can we stop fighting like children and call Dagon, please." Castiel rolls his eyes when Lucifer turns to look at him, clearly unimpressed, and asks him
Dean comes to sometime later in an industrial room that smells vaguely of gasoline and sewerage. He’s tied to a chair with his hands behind his back and his feet together, duct tape over his mouth. The back of his head hurts like a motherfucker and it feels like there might be a cut over his eyebrow too.
Gabriel shoots Dean a look and sighs, then says, "Michael and Lucifer are waiting. As soon as the wards are down they'll join us."
Castiel lets out a fast gush of air from his nose. "Sam would often murmur to himself that you and I needed to 'get a room'. I wasn't entirely sure what it meant, but he would also threaten to lock us in a room." Castiel frowns in concentration as he realises there's a cut on Dean's shoulder, long and thin, probably (hopefully) from swinging the machete. "I think it involves sexual intercourse. Many things involve sexual intercourse on earth."
Castiel climbs back off of the tomb and together they leave the crypt, stepping out onto the Dewey grass of the cemetery, out into the crisp air.
Dean watches their surroundings as Castiel pumps the gas into the car, body poised and knife held aloft, ready for any sign of danger. It's dead silent, not even the whistle of the wind, and everything is so still. The sun beats down on his skin, and sweat springs from his hairline, dripping down his skin. He's so determined, concentrating so hard, that when Emma rolls her window and whispers to him, "dad, I have to go to the bathroom," he almost jumps out of his skin.
Dean must get bored of his wings taking up all Castiel’s attention, because within a moment he has both of Castiel’s wrists in one hand and the other curled around Castiel’s chin. “Pay attention to me.”
"Pouch?" Dean asks, holding his hand out, catching the pouch when Castiel throws one down to him. Dean thanks him and crouches over the bones, reaching for the skull. The teeth are surprisingly easy to remove, just a twist and a tug, and he does it methodically,
At the mention of Jack, Dean deflates like a balloon, falling onto the bed again between Sam and Rowena, head in his hands. Gods, fuck. Lucifer knocked an entire house of supernatural creatures unconscious and took Jack. Jack was
