Mary merely lifted a delicate eyebrow in return. John sighed in relief.
“Montgomery Blanchard, former aide to a British Ambassador,” Lestrade said, flipping open a notebook, sending one last glare at Sherlock.
the truth
“You said you had proof of our mole?” Mycroft pulled out a chair for Lady Smallwood, and leaned on the edge of his desk.
As if on instinct, John closed his eyes, shutting out the blurry vision of slightly reddish water around them, barring his mind to the view of more falling debris. A steady breath was tentatively pushed into his mouth. He took it, breathed in as shallow as he could, and gently gave it back. He felt the other mouth receive again, lips pressed together tightly. Breathe in. Breathe out. He knew they had to go slow, to preserve the tiny amount of oxygen between them.
“John!” Sherlock cried, but his voice was almost a whisper with the pressure currently mounting on his chest. He scrambled with his feet to find purchase, but no luck.
“No, r-really, though,” he snorted. “When you’re on the couch or just prancing around the flat, you’re like a, a big cat,” John couldn’t stop giggling, and Sherlock felt himself grinning despite himself. John laughing had suddenly become his favourite sound in the world.
John rubbed a hand down his face. He got up from his chair and walked over to the window. Lestrade had gotten up, looking unsure whether he was being dismissed or not. John let his gaze wander, not sure what to say anymore.
However, knowing Mary’s background, Sherlock wasn't surprised that the situation didn't faze her as it would have other people. She was worried about John, just as Sherlock was, but she wasn't
) gun. Sherlock was still staring at John, unsure what the hell had just happened. He thought quickly, adrenaline racing through him.
to do, Harry?” John noticed his voice was gravelly and rough from basically sitting in silence for two hours. He sounded angrier than he really felt.
He looked back at Sherlock, who had shifted a fraction... but it was enough. Their faces were close, close enough to feel the faint breath tickling his skin. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, the long, dark lashes delicately resting on his cheekbones. A few messy curls stuck out everywhere, ruffled by sleep and... another image popped up in John’s head, of his own hands running repeatedly through Sherlock’s hair, trying to pull him closer...
Sherlock sat up and leaned forwards. “And on Tuesday, did she seem different to you? Was she nervous or particularly happy about something?”
It was New Year’s Eve and Mycroft was actually enjoying himself. He had been surprised (pleasantly so) at John’s sudden invitation, and knowing that it would annoy Sherlock he of course had to come. There was only a small crowd at Baker Street, but it filled the tiny sitting room almost completely.
“He’s here with me,” John stated steadily with a small smile playing around his lips. Huh. It actually felt pretty good saying that. More than good.
“Here,” Sherlock whispered, leaning back against the door. He wriggled one leg free and pulled it back to place it on John’s other side. “Lean back.” John twisted sideways and leaned against Sherlock’s torso without much grace. He felt himself ensconced between the long legs and a suit-jacketed chest, the woolly coat falling open next to his head. They wriggled around a little for comfort, and finally, it was somewhat manageable. He felt Sherlock relax and rest his head against the door.
“O-kay,” John began slowly.
“How long?”
“You should be able to by now – you certainly had more than
John grinned and shook his head. He was still mad at Mycroft for not telling him about the Fall, but by now that was outweighed by how grateful he was on a basic level that Sherlock was still in one piece. Every time something from his time away came up, it didn’t sound like a picnic. Also, there was Molly’s “
“Cornwall.”
“Oh, chicken and egg, John. Which came first?” He smiled lazily. “Besides, I don’t care what people think of me.”
Lestrade twitched, but tried a smile. John had told him off for always looking at him like a sad puppy and that moniker had made the DI at least try to keep a straight face when talking to him.
“That’s what friends are for,” he said, and squeezed her hand one more time.
He sent her a quick message asking how she was and didn’t say anything about Mycroft. Let the meddling twit find her by himself; perhaps she didn’t want to be found? The thought made John frown. He hoped she was all right. Somehow, the thought that she managed to hide from
“Yeah, well, sometimes things are resolved much quicker when you don’t throw insults at people,” Lestrade pointed out.
For a few minutes, they smoked in silence. Sherlock knew it wouldn’t last long, though. There was clearly something on Mycroft’s mind.
before.”
“Sarah!”
John felt some of the tension ease from his shoulders. “So we’re winging it, then,” he clarified.
“Why am I not surprised that you know the perfect stakeout place in this area?” John laughed and looked for Sherlock. He found him between two large air con cubes. It was a good spot to watch the jetty, but enough cover so they wouldn’t be detected by someone glancing up.
He raised his hands and held Sherlock’s face. “None of that,” he admonished. “But… do you want this?”
Moran began to twist away from them. Sherlock kept his head down and used the movement to ram his shoulder into Moran’s side, hoping to take him down. Unfortunately, the man was built like a brick house. He grunted in pain but remained very much in place. His arms reached out to grapple Sherlock. He wasn’t quick enough, and the bloody desk chair was restricting his movement, so he was easy prey. An arm wound around his torso like a vice.
to be
“This,” he said and lunged.
“I can’t help it if they’re all imbeciles,” Sherlock exclaimed, throwing on his coat with a flourish.
“John, please.” John saw Sherlock’s hand twitch out of the corner of his eyes.
? You’re incredibly transparent, John.”
John’s face fell, and he shifted uncomfortably in his bed. He glanced at his own shoulder. “I was lucky it was just the shoulder, I guess. Again.”
Sherlock frowned in annoyance. He hated it when someone managed to one-up him. He waited for the inevitable barrage of insults. But this time, Sherlock just stared ahead of him and then sighed. Perhaps it was the long night, the confidential tone of Lestrade’s voice, or whatever else, but...
John said, thinking that of course, Sherlock must have said something, didn’t he? John was absolutely convinced that Sherlock had somehow, at some point, told him that he felt the same, so what was happening now?
“Right,” John shook himself out of his moment and let his arm drop.
“I know. I was only thinking of the case, too,” John sighed and let his head drop against the wall. Sherlock was still standing so close, smiling at him again, and from this angle he could almost imagine…
John reached the corner of the cottage and dashed around it. The fog swallowed him almost immediately, and there was an irrational fear of running blindly clawing at the back of Sherlock’s head. He tried to suppress it and threw himself after John, toppling a flower pot in the process. The ceramic dropped onto the stone terrace and broke, the pieces scattering noisily. Sherlock winced, pressing against the wall next to John, listening.
There was Ms Hooper from the morgue, the one who’d helped with the Fall; as well as a chubby man who he believed to be a former colleague of John’s from St. Bart’s. Then of course, there was Detective Inspector Lestrade from Scotland Yard, the man Mycroft had solely to thank for saving his brother’s life when Sherlock wouldn’t have let anyone else do it, least of all himself. He’d toasted with him and gotten a respectful and quite charming smile in return.
was part of the plan?”
. John took notes, full well knowing that Sherlock saved every bit of information on his hard drive. But it gave him something to do other than ask a few questions and stare at his amazing friend in shameless adoration and longing. Oddly enough, Sherlock seemed completely oblivious to the looks he was getting for once and he carried on mostly as normal. If anything was the matter between them, only John seemed to pick up on it.
John held out his wrist and glanced at Sherlock’s tidy cuffs. “You managed all right,” he observed.
. Embarrassment flooded his chest and John took a deep breath, trying to put it out of his mind for now.
After their sleeping arrangements had been settled, John ended up being in such a fantastic mood that he actually organised them a New Year’s Eve party. He didn’t tell Sherlock until the invites had been made, knowing that he’d try to dissuade him from it. But he’d called anyone he could conceivably call a friend – which wasn’t that many people, in the end – perhaps also to celebrate the new beginnings they now faced.
Sherlock hung up unceremoniously and stuffed the phone into his trouser pocket.
John pressed his lips together so only a thin line remained. His eyes were sad. The moment passed.
John was blushing a little, but steadily kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock’s, trying to look nonchalant. But Sherlock knew him better. “You okay?” he asked.
“Don’t worry about it. I’m just doing that empathy thing I’m so good at, remember?” John tried to joke, but why his brain saw fit to supply him with another snippet of conversation from the evening he was at a loss to understand. Sherlock winced a little as well.
John heard the voice and the words and it was so crystal clear that it was
to get out of the situation. And then they didn’t.”
Helen sniffed again, but said nothing.
’ expression and briefly locked eyes with John. Then, he slowly placed the gun on the floor and kicked it away. He heard Mary lower her gun to the ground as well. Well, apparently she wasn’t working for the old bat after all. What a marvellous time to be wrong about something.
Out of the occasional gaggle of officers streaming past them towards the stairs or elevators, one constable came up to her and handed her a cup of coffee from one of those cardboard holders. She mumbled something about one being left for her and Sally accepted it without thinking, cradling the warm cup in her hands.
Once again Sherlock realized that John Watson was a puzzle to him. And he knew, with another strange sensation somewhere in his chest, that he was never one to resist a puzzle. A small smile began spreading on his face, but it was cut short by several red dots appearing on John’s body.
Sherlock laughed, and saw John’s eyes crinkle with mirth. He picked up his drink. “What are you talking about?” He tried to look exasperated and it made John laugh. He took a gulp of his drink, knowing it was probably a mistake. “This is fantast—oh GOD it’s revolting!” He coughed and slammed the glass back down, his body shaking with disgust. John was laughing even harder and he thought he saw his eyes water.
For all John could tell, New Scotland Yard was a maze. He cursed Sherlock’s long legs as he dashed up a flight of stairs and down a corridor, barely keeping the flying coat in sight. Sherlock and his unseen prey turned corners and barrelled through fire doors, upset the calm of random offices and dashed through meetings to the cries and complaints of a multitude of Met employees.
Sherlock blinked slowly as the words settled in. Then he frowned. “But why…? You two seemed… good with each other?” He felt like he could hit himself in the face.
“John. Relax.” The shoulder gently nudged his, startling him out of his thoughts. The quiet baritone seemed suddenly loud in the stillness. Sherlock was glancing down at him, a lazy smile playing around his lips. He shifted a little to make more space for him, and John was simultaneously grateful and annoyed at the removal of that spot of warmth on his arm. Sherlock wriggled a bit to get more comfortable and sighed. “We’ll have to wait until the boat arrives. I wanted to get up here early; they might have people watching later to make sure the coast is clear, but not yet I think.”
John mentally summed up how he must look: Ruffled hair, pyjama pants sitting askew on his hips and basking in an afterglow that could probably light up the whole of Baker Street. More obviously, he’d just walked in from the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom and, oh, right, kissed him in the doorway. He also realized he’d probably stolen Lestrade’s tea.
John hummed his vague assent, still rubbing circles on Sherlock’s back, thoroughly distracted. Perhaps his glorious plan had backfired just a little bit.
About twenty minutes later, Sherlock’s phone vibrated. A message told him that the car was waiting. He was already in the hallway and slung his coat around his shoulders, pocketing his phone and a few paraphernalia. He thought for a moment of the journey ahead, then dashed into the kitchen. A moment later, he emerged again, only to see John standing in the doorway to the sitting room.
John was soundly asleep, his head resting in the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock’s arm was inexplicably around him, as if he’d tried to pull him closer during his sleep. The thought created a warm and fuzzy sort of sensation in his stomach that Sherlock wasn’t sure he was quite awake enough for. John’s arm was lying protectively across Sherlock’s chest. It was warm and comfortable, and Sherlock had no idea how they had gotten to this point.
“John
“This was fun,” he murmured with a chuckle, an attempt at lightness, and Sherlock felt himself join in with a fond smile. He was still rubbing circles on John’s hand and delighting in the little reactions that produced.
John stared at him. “For what?”
“My turn.” Mycroft pressed his palms together under his chin. “This morning, two of my agents were found dead. They were following up some leads on our sniper. He found them first. Clean headshots.”
. “They must have had outside help,” he surmised. “Don’t bother searching the hospital, they’re long gone. I don’t care how they did it, but get in touch with Rogers in surveillance. I’ll authorise a large scale search.” He nodded to Anthea, who immediately began tapping on her phone.
But if John Watson’s gaze right now was to be believed, Sherlock was clearly neither.
John froze. Then, he slowly, deliberately stacked the last wood pieces. He brushed his hands off on his trousers and turned around, an indescribable expression on his face. He slowly came closer, almost as if he was being pulled. Sherlock felt a lump rise in his throat, his heart beat faster under his ribs. Suddenly he felt dizzy for entirely different reasons.
, in fact, more than spectacular, and John knew he was on his way to being very much in love; and yet afterwards, John was standing in the tiny bathroom of 221B Baker Street, drying himself with a towel, gazing at Sherlock with worry. His fingers were wrinkly, and he had honestly no idea how long they’d spent under the shower together. Even after they had both been sated, they simply had leaned against the wall, tangled into each other, letting the hot water soothe them, the steam mingling with their exhausted breaths. Every trace of the cold Thames water had been washed away and replaced with prickling heat. The afterglow seemed to make Sherlock’s skin even more irresistible than it already was, and John couldn’t stop touching him. He buried his face in the nape of Sherlock’s neck and let his hands roam his body, listening to Sherlock’s breaths slowing down. Sherlock pressed a few stray kisses on his hair, his neck, whispering his name. But eventually, he stopped.
He had also believed that John would be sentimental and expecting things, but the only expectation he’d seen in his eyes earlier had been decidedly one Sherlock didn’t mind at all. Frankly, he wanted to devour him, pull him closer and simply find out what happened next, he wanted to let go of his burning feeling clenching his chest and for once, he wanted to be thoroughly distracted. This
Finally, they reached the bloody SUV. John dashed to the boot of the car and dug out the standard-issue medical kit. Sherlock propped up Mary in the backseat and was taking his coat off. He spread it on the large leather seats. John climbed in from the other side and together, they lowered Mary carefully to lie down on it.
Underneath, John felt that something in him had loosened. The moment Sherlock had touched him at the bar, he knew. It was all true, not just a figment of his imagination, it was right there, between them like a tangible, magnetic field.
And then he saw, perhaps for the first time, the matching pain in the bright eyes before him, and that, more than anything, steadied him.
John snaked an arm around his waist. He heard some people inside the sitting room shuffle about, squealing ’get ready!’, and he quickly made a New Year’s resolution he intended very much to keep.
. John… was so many things, so
Sherlock opened his eyes and turned his head at him quizzically. “You’re enjoying this,” he observed.
“Good morning, Detective Inspector,” he greeted with a smooth smile that Lestrade found a little unsettling. The face looked vaguely familiar. “Making the rounds?” Lestrade was sure he heard a slight sarcastic tone in the voice, but the other man was masking it very well. The man glanced at the folders under the DI’s arm. “I’m sure these are merely the... morning papers, and not confidential files from the Yard for my brother’s amusement,” he added in almost a tut. Greg gripped the folders a little tighter and took a guilty breath. Hang on, brother? Oh dear.
“So how does this translate into a case for us?”
He stood up and gave him a cursory once-over. His hair was ruffled and dirty from his tussle with Moran, and he sported a dark purplish bruise on the side of his head. He’d washed away the blood from his face and hands. His ankle was encased in a slender brace – just twisted, then, nothing broken or torn. And to top it off….
“What? Oh, I’m just taking some notes about an experiment I want to try…” he typed something into the phone, not looking up.
The house smelled warm and inviting, though with that undercurrent of cleanliness that only inhabited very new houses. John suspected that some of the touches of age and country wear on the outside were rather artistically placed to create the right image for the area. There were small illustrations of country life adorning the hallway walls, framed in whimsical small picture frames. There were pressed flowers and even the odd cross stitch of a Bible quote. John frowned. Either this was the wrong house or he had completely misrepresented the elusive Vivian Norbury in his imagination.
Finally, he put down his empty cup. “It’s good to be back,” he said quietly.
“I—I know,” John mumbled, looking away.
Sherlock was ready with his typical deductions and an appropriate insults regarding her weak bladder and leaving hospital equipment out of her sight, but Lestrade cut him off with a genial smile. “I’m sorry, my friend here has accidentally torn his plaster off and was looking for a new one. We didn’t mean to be a bother. Have a good night,” he smiled. Sherlock recognized when Lestrade was being
John had had enough. “Sherlock,” he hissed, “who cares? Just give her the damn stick and let’s leave. There’s two dead bodies in the shed. We shouldn’t stand around here too long. We should call Mycroft, or the police or—”
John had heard about his visit to the hospital from Mary and the shock he’d received from Sherlock. He wondered who else knew, at this point.
John frowned. “Is Mycroft’s team not doing the same thing?”
John scrambled off of Sherlock –
But... an insidious thought suddenly presented itself. Was it just physical? It certainly felt a bit different. The strange urge to simply
He was standing protectively next to Sherlock, but not as close as he usually would have. He kept glancing everywhere but Sherlock, and when he had to answer questions posed to him, he was replying in a somewhat distracted manner. Mycroft stood up and walked closer to the TV now. A reporter turned to John again, asking the completely inane question how it
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. Then he finally nodded. “Do they know it’s him?”
“Frankly, Mr Holmes,” Norbury continued, “I don’t see the fascination other people have with your whole deduction
“Of course you did,” John grinned a little. “And I had to go to all the trouble to talk to the poor man.”
again. He relaxed back into his seat and they spent the remaining cab ride discussing the situation with the auction houses and Sherlock doing more research on his phone.
The two elderly dames seated next to him tried to pry him with questions but Sherlock deflected them with ease before they got to friendly. There was only so far he’d go for this case. After a while, he made the excuse of finding the toilets to get away from them, exchanging a brief nod with John.
John took a deep breath. Of course that was what he had feared. But he felt that Sherlock’s current position seemed to indicate that he had changed his mind since then. “Has it occurred to you that I might not want to get you out of my system?” John asked.
“Out.” Sherlock tried to push past him, but John barred the way.
“Especially when you don’t get what you want—“ John held his stomach now.
He was in love with him. As simple as that. A wild thought came into his head that even if this was the last closeness, the last hungover cuddle he’d get, he’d enjoy every second of it as much as possible.
and there was no question that he felt the same. That realization nearly took John’s breath away and he had to pull away from Sherlock for a moment to gasp for air.
“It’s good to see you.” Mrs Holmes finally let go of Sherlock with one last nod, then turned. “And you too, Dr. Watson! We’re so glad you’re both here.” She came forward and before John could stop her, he was wrapped in her embrace as well.
Just as he took a breath of relief, covering Sherlock’s bloodstained hand with his own, they heard another shot. It pinged off the metal of the car, and both he and Sherlock quickly ducked down. John crouched next to the back bench and kept his hold on Mary’s hand.
you put away.” Sherlock glanced around, making sure to keep Moran in his sight as he manhandled John into submission.
“It’s… I know how it sounds, Sarah, but… it’s brilliant seeing how he works it all out. And I feel like I can help, at least a little.”
Sherlock’s prediction about the ‘usual crowd’ had been correct. As they walked up to the door of Thames House, he already spotted a few people he knew here and there making their way from assorted expensive cars and taxis. Sherlock recognized members of Mycroft’s inner circle, a few less known members of the royal family here and there. He glanced at John, who seemed impressed by the splendour, but didn’t recognize anyone. That was the point, of course; the people collected here weren’t exactly TV stars. He steered John a little with a hand on the small of his back and whispered, “don’t stare. We belong here. I’ve protected some of these people’s reputations twice over and you’re my famous blogger, so try to stay in character.”
“What the hell are you doing here?”
Finally, after what seemed like hours of wandering his mind palace, Sherlock was startled out of his thoughts by John’s voice.
“What are you up to, then? Still deducing people’s dates?” Earlier, Lestrade had dared him how fast he could either get a couple to break off their date or how fast he could get two people to immediately make out. Sherlock was still looking for targets, apparently.
John glanced once again at the piece of paper the homeless man had pressed into his hand before disappearing into an alley. He memorised the note, then threw it away. With the reassuring weight of his Browning tucked in his jacket, he made his way to the nearest tube station.
John nodded wisely, even though he’d never been in the situation before. Hell, he’d moved in with Sherlock without knowing anything about him.
. Evidently, she not only recognized the name Sherlock Holmes from some of his more illustrious cases, but she also seemed to consider it a personal favour that he had come back from the dead to solve the murder of her husband.
“I’m afraid... bit too much to drink last night. Lestrade’s birthday...” he muttered.
John leaned past his friend and looked around the corner. So much for couples. Directly in his line of sight sat Anderson, chatting with a female colleague.
John shrugged non-committedly and gave her a lop-sided smile. “I care,” he said.
John felt his breath stutter and he braced himself. His thoughts went blissfully blank. No time to think, no time to process. Only one job left to do now.
Interrupting these profound thoughts before they got out of hand, John sneezed again.
Mycroft gave Mary a look that clearly spelled out ‘
Greg smiled and let out a breath. “And?”
did something from which there was no return. Christ, the things
John laughed. “Yes, really.” After a moment, he went on slowly, casually. “So, did you actually…
John was standing there, in their hallway, rubbing his hands together for warmth, shuddering from the cold December air. And then he looked up and gave him one of his private smiles – and Sherlock suddenly knew with shocking certainty that he needed to kiss him.
The door creaked and clanked at the hinges and John heard the padlock rattle. “Sherlock!”
“Only two people could have taken that call at that specific time: Lady Smallwood or her communications chief, a Ms Deborah Lungley. The same line that received the ambassador’s call made one other call to another secure line within MI5 that same day. The number was blocked in a way only the highest ranks in your excuse for a civil service would be. One day later, Ms Lungley was found choked to death in her flat in Holborn.”
“Better carry on, then,” John said, shaking his head and settling down in his chair.
The day after the attack on John and Mary, Mycroft was in his club. It was the early evening and Anthea had just brought him a whisky sour with a few evening papers and a stack of documents. More work regarding Sherlock’s return. Somebody must have been watching Baker Street, because there was already a rumour going round about Sherlock – he even had his own bloody Twitter hashtag. Mycroft had texted John about this, to make sure he was in the loop and that he might be stopped by journalists when he left the flat. He had also told Sherlock to stay inside until he had paved the way for a public statement. Not that Sherlock would ever heed that if there was something he considered worth leaving the flat for. Mycroft sighed. As ever, managing Sherlock seemed to be one of his prime occupations.
“What?” Sherlock stared at him.
“Oh, thank God you’re here, I just don’t know what to do!” he cried and ushered them into the house. “I got a call early this morning, a-and they told me she’d been abducted—“ Frederick began, but Sherlock cut him off immediately.
John sighed and forced himself to focus on his filing cabinet. They were in luck. A few moments later, he actually found a rather thick file labelled ‘Blanchard, M’.
“Six months, Sherlock!” John’s fingers dug into his shoulder. Sherlock took in his burning eyes, his heaving breath and the barely contained rage; and he felt a shiver go down his spine.
pose; he looked a bit like a statue when he was like this. John was reminded of many days at Baker Street when Sherlock wouldn’t talk to him for hours – until he suddenly emerged from his mind palace and expected John to seamlessly pick up a conversation he’d had with ‘
John sighed. Perhaps this was his way of showing he wanted to be close, and John wasn’t going to say no to that opportunity. Perhaps he simply had to be patient and see how things developed.
“God damn it,” John swore. He laughed. “I can see this whole thing. Us. I can see it really clearly,” he said, shaking his head in disbelief. “You know what I mean?”
Suddenly, Norbury’s voice rang out muffled behind the wood. “Whatever you were just doing in there causing such a racket, I’d stop if I were you.” She moved a bit closer. “There aren’t any neighbours that would be alerted and as you noticed, the door is rather solid. I like a good quality cellar, don’t you? The only thing you’re accomplishing is annoying me.” Her voice became hard. “And must I remind you that there’s currently no reward for Doctor Watson. So unless you want me to make up my mind about what to do with him right now: settle down and be quiet.”
She waited a moment before she said what they were both thinking. “So… why are we
“Second possibility,” John went on. “She expected to come into quite a bit of money soon which would enable her to overcome her fear of dependency and move in with Freddy as an equal - in her eyes. Hence your deduction about the promotion.”
John’s eyes dropped to his hand as he finally seemed to register that it was still on Sherlock’s thigh, burning through his skin. His fingers clenched a little and then he withdrew his hand slowly and carefully. Sherlock took a steadying breath as John looked back up, and despite himself, Sherlock’s eyes dropped to John’s lips. John must have noticed it, of course he did; he was an idiot but not blind. However, John leaned back a little bit to give them both more space, defusing the situation. Sherlock’s first impulse was to follow; how could he move
“You know, you’re a lucky guy, Sherlock. I hear he’s quite a catch,” he winked and quickly left, before Sherlock found something to throw.
? No, he’d have known if he was.
. You had to be blind not to see the pure adoration there. Sherlock felt something warm and fuzzy unfold in his belly again when he examined his own face. Yes, definitely one hundred percent adoring John back. Completely gone on that small sun he held in his arms. Yes, Sherlock was a bit annoyed that someone had managed to observe them in such a private, intimate moment; yet at the same time he was glad it existed.
Sherlock was twitching in his sleep. He dreamt up confusing images about some of his time away, a memory turned nightmare where he was bound and gagged. There was something about John in the dream, too, but he couldn’t quite remember, just as he couldn’t quite remember where the memory ended and the nightmare began. But John was there and had mostly looked sad or seemed out of reach. Sherlock slowly struggled to wake fully, shaking off the vague images. He still felt as if he was somehow
Sherlock frowned and stopped. He had not apologized to her for his jealousy, nor did Mary seem like she expected that sort of thing. Perhaps it was really settled, then. Except…
John flipped through his notes and circled the name
However, despite what Lestrade – and probably Mycroft, with all his surveillance – thought, John didn’t have a death wish. After he’d broken his arm, he’d officially stopped with the cases. He took the DI, as well as Harry, up on their offers and went to the pub on occasion, thinking that it was at least something to get out of the flat for.
His assailant threw him against the wall where John connected painfully with several picture frames shattering under him. Sherlock jumped up with two bottles from the bar and crashed them against the man, who managed to get up an arm in time. It was still relatively dark, but the glass left several bloody gashes, making the man cry out. John was watching for an opening, hearing heavy footsteps above them. No doubt they’d be surrounded in seconds.
a look.
Inside the sitting room, John heard the countdown begin.
input is needed.
He must have retired back inside when Sherlock was upstairs, but he looked a little frozen and uncomfortable after all. The fire had probably gone out. The thought of John just sitting there despite the cold sent another jolt of unpleasantness to Sherlock’s stomach and he felt an urge to step forward and warm John up in a tight embrace. Unfortunately, there wasn’t time.
Sherlock looked up, and immediately did an almost imperceptible double-take. John felt a smile creep onto his face when he saw the dawning surprise on Sherlock’s face. He blinked once, twice, and pulled down his sleeves again unnecessarily, his eyes giving John a quick once over.
thinking that he was like that?
, Sherlock thought. He felt equal parts flummoxed and chagrined. He blinked a little and then pointedly looked away over John’s shoulder. “Dear God, John, that was incredibly transparent, even for you.”
Finally, he began to talk. He told Sherlock haltingly what he did after the Fall. All the little things that led to the quiet funeral. How he had tried to talk to Mycroft afterwards; but the other Holmes had just left – which of course made John furious for days. He also told Sherlock in a few words about some of the cases he had worked on, and even though they were boring and obvious, Sherlock seemed pleased to hear about them. John didn’t mention how he got himself hurt or why he stopped with the cases, but told him the truth in that the detective work just wasn’t the same without him. Sherlock, he had to assume, could deduce the rest.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, a tiny, smug smile playing around his lips.
“What do you mean?” John asked. He sounded wary, careful. Unsure.
out of his depth. He’d had sex in different varieties and places before, including showers, and they all had one thing in common. There was usually a certain levity afterwards; a common bond of ‘
He finally looked back at John, who grinned, already knowing what he’d say. “How about it, Doctor? Shall we give Sally a run for her money?”
“John,” Mycroft greeted in a somewhat friendly tone. “Finally amongst the living again?”
Sherlock was so observant, he surely must read John well enough—
Sherlock’s voice was suddenly close to John’s ear. “His drink. It’s going to be hilarious.”
too trusting,” Sherlock admonished.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and nodded in acknowledgement of the facts. “So…?”
“Impromptu press conference,” Sherlock quipped. John felt, once again, like he wanted to throttle him. “Get us to the door,” Sherlock told the cabbie, who barked a short laugh and obliged.
for not being a very considerate boyfriend and not informing her when I was, uh, shot.” Before Sherlock could reply, he quickly continued, “I was
The surgeon shifted on his feet. “Pardon me… I know we’ve been told by some government people not to discuss any of this but—“ he hesitated. “But I just wanted to say that whatever happened to you, I’m glad you are both all right as well. My, husband and I were fans of the blog,” he added with a smile.
Sherlock laughed, levelling his steely gaze at him over his steepled fingers.
John hissed, “Jesus Christ, Sherlock. That’s not funny!”
They’d discussed it, argued, fought for hours. By the end, Sherlock had to agree; it was too good an opportunity to let go.
But Sherlock was on a roll now, so Mycroft simply sat there, watching him with a certain clinical detachment, wondering if his little brother recognized, let alone understood, that strange, tortuous feeling burning in his chest. He didn’t envy him for it, but strangely enough, Mycroft found that neither did he pity him.
They were pushed on, through the door and onto the noisy gravel path. The air was icy cold, a thick, impenetrable fog curling thickly all around them. In front of the cottage stood a black, nondescript van.
Moments later, his phone rang. John answered it, slowly gathering some clothes for the day.
“Go away,” she cried, sounding terrible.
John swallowed heavily.
“John’s good for him,” Greg offered, starting to feel a little awkward.
And yet... there were subtle differences now. The false politeness of the first days after the hospital was, thankfully, gone. However, ever since that night, he recognized a certain feeling of contentment and warmth every time he saw John. His flatmate being off work meant he was home all the time, helping with the case. And instead of merely throwing his ideas at him and waiting for praise, Sherlock actually
“I need a shower,” John murmured, finding it difficult to voice the chaos in his head, desperately grasping for reasons.
Suddenly, the situation became more real when John grabbed his arms from behind and tugged him gently towards the bed, sitting them both down. Sherlock still did not turn around, afraid to say or do anything wrong. This had been inevitable, yet... He shivered as he felt fingertips ghost over the scars. However, John surprised him when he began probing and examining his shoulders more closely – his touch became surer, more like a doctor, less shocked.
“Upstairs. Instead of attacking Moran, you should have made a run for it. Mary opened the doors. I would have distracted him.”
Sherlock’s fingers involuntarily curled into the fabric of his coat. “Keep what?”
“No,” Mycroft assented, but then gave her another appraising glance. “But I believe apart from your attraction to traumatised army surgeons you do have other rather admirable qualities. Worth another look, certainly.”
Sherlock’s mouth opened and closed, unable to form words.
John and Sherlock spent another day in the Plymouth hotel – finding the bed much preferable to anywhere else. John said that he felt they needed to make up for lost time and Sherlock was not about to complain. Certainly this new perspective he had gained on John offered a myriad of questions that begged to be answered by intense observation. He found it delightfully distracting from anything else that was going on, and John, in turn, seemed surprisingly flattered instead of annoyed, as usual. Apparently he’d gained a new perspective as well.
For some reason, a curious feeling of tension had settled in his midsection during his exploration, and it did something odd to his voice. His words had come out quietly, almost drawling, and the effect on his friend was unmistakeable. The faint blush became more noticeable. His eyes widened and his pupils dilated. He swallowed dry and lowered his chin to his chest, a characteristic gesture of increasing nervousness in the doctor. Well, this was interesting.
“We’re going straight back to base,” he ordered.
He suspected the nurse had found out he was a doctor or a former soldier or both, and had made a pass at him mostly for that reason. He knew the implied uniform or the title did impress some people more than others. However, she was pretty and competent, and perhaps even interesting enough to take out to coffee. He had surely dated stranger people when he felt lonely in the past. But John found that no matter how interesting she was, she wasn’t Sherlock Holmes, and suddenly that made all the difference. Loneliness didn’t happen like that anymore, he realised.
John shrugged. “Maybe. It’s a habit that sort of started when he was… you know. Dead.” He cleared his throat.
John persisted in looking out of the window now, which made it difficult to study his complexion further. “Well… when you were gone, I sort of… subconsciously began looking at people differently. I tried to see what you saw.” John swallowed, and Sherlock found himself hanging onto every word. “I thought it was worth trying to keep—“
, if you like.”
“Tell me what?”
“That’s just your brain deceiving you, you’re just as drunk as you were,” John said.
John cocked a small smile, looking resigned, and somehow that made Sherlock feel a little better. He nodded curtly, and they both slowly got back on their feet, crouching between the air cons. Sherlock left his coat, there was no time. The game was on.
“John, we need to get out of here. I can probably make a run for it down the street after I give you a boost over the gate. There’s a higher chance for us to make it if we split up.” She sounded composed and controlled – her voice seemed to have taken on a different quality. John looked at her with a frown. Her voice reminded him of the army.
,” she murmured and then walked quickly backwards into the fog, nodding at them to move.
That night, he lay on the bed a long while, sorting through things in his mind palace, as sleep eluded him as usual.
“Maybe someone else should come up with something,” John offered. “I don’t have the best track record.” He gestured a thumb to Mycroft who rolled his eyes good-naturedly.
He finally asked the right question. “John. Why would you want to show
“See, I told you you could dance,” Sherlock managed, trying not to sound like he was floating two feet in the air at least.
“We need to move,” Sherlock urged. “Can we get her to the car? Norbury is still armed and we’re in no condition for another round.”
It was, without a doubt, the best thing Sherlock had ever heard. He felt warmth spread through his stomach and he grinned at John. The doctor seemed a little taken aback at this, and chuckled. “You all right, then?”
He regarded him from the side. What had gotten into him?
It took John a moment to gather his thoughts before he finally looked at Sherlock again. The man had gone quite still and was studying John intently again.
Mycroft opened the door of the small dressing room and poked his head in, taking in Sherlock’s appearance.
“I’m sorry.”
“Yes. I sent you the address. You can meet me there.”
“Is it?” Sherlock replied, shovelling the third spoonful of sugar into his teacup with perhaps a little too much force.
“How?” he asked, and absent-mindedly pulled out a new shirt from his dresser.
Greg laughed a little. “Why not?” It was quite something to see the detective so puzzled.
Sherlock frowned. This was not good. He had questions to ask, but there was no way he was getting through to Helen now. Frederick made a move. “Helen, love, please let us help. We can—“
Mary.
he was doing it, but why? Something was definitely off since he’d come back, and John couldn’t grasp what it was.
“I beg your pardon?” Suddenly, the room got rather still. Mary held her hand with the last bit of croissant suspended in the air. Mycroft rested his face in his palm for a second. Sherlock’s eyes flickered to John, one questioning eyebrow raised.
“Look, Sherlock,” he began. “You know something about her; something I bet was conveniently discussed when I was out. You… insinuated that on Saturday
And now he was slouching on the sofa, mentally chastising himself for being so utterly distracted. When the hell had he started
“Are you sure? There’s no police cars or…” he trailed off as his eyes travelled to the building and the quaint bay windows on its front. A sign above the door read “The King’s Head”, and Lestrade was waving at them through the window.
Lestrade laughed. “Yeah, he is.” He waited for a moment, his pint in hand. He leaned his elbows on the table and studied John intensely. “You know... I’ve known the man for 5 years and I haven’t a clue. You move in for a few months and suddenly…” he gestured wildly.
Sally’s eyes snapped up to meet his and she had the grace to look uncomfortable. However, she was still a proud woman and she quickly squared her shoulders and straightened up. “What does it matter? He doesn’t care,” she said sulkily.
has someone watching over him,” Sherlock said quietly, leaning casually against the doorframe. He watched with satisfaction as Lestrade froze. He turned around so slowly it was almost comical, his jaw falling open when his eyes met Sherlock’s.
John’s heart stopped in his chest. For one moment, he was frozen in shock. Then he yelled, “Sherlock!” and dove towards the window. He looked out and the blood froze in his veins when he saw the coat-clad form on the ground,
John paused. Sherlock never let go an opportunity to shine, not in front of him anyway. He may ignore Lestrade’s pleas for explanations nine times out of ten, but he usually loved to show off his findings to John in the cab on the way home. John’s chest fell a little when he realised that the embarrassment or whatever Sherlock was feeling about the previous night must still be at the forefront of his mind.
because I wasn’t a very reliable employee.”
“As you say. Montgomery and I never needed to talk about this; it was simply how we did things. I did not bother him with university politics and he never talked about his work. But… five years ago, my husband was quite close to a— a scandal, I suppose you could say. Of course this was never made public, but he came to me for advice on the matter. I was surprised, to say the least, but I can see why he did. It all seemed over and done with, but I suppose it could have a bearing on—“ she paused and collected herself a little again.
Sherlock sighed as John floundered. Of course he’d have no patience for unnecessary awkwardness. His hand slid down to the small of Johns back and with a short but firm pull he snapped their hips together. John gasped a quiet "
“I—“ He stopped. John’s eyes were blazing at him, daring him to say another word. He couldn’t.
Finally, Mary inclined her head to him and smiled. "Got it all, then?"
“Naah,” John slurred, walking into Sherlock’s shoulder for the fifth time in as many minutes. “It’s not actually that far and we could use the fresh air.”
“I’m not drunk! Simple… observation,” Sherlock noted, his speech slowing. His eyes, though almost drooping closed, had a glint in them; he usually reserved that look for particularly interesting experiments. “Simple,” he repeated thoughtfully, his gaze zoning in on John’s lips.
As they arrived and stepped out of the taxi, it hit him. He slapped a hand in front of his mouth, checked his phone, then looked at Sherlock. A small grin spread on his face.
A few villages down, Sherlock and John were left almost alone on the only platform to catch the last train to Winchester before midnight. Nothing would be running on Christmas Day, so Sherlock had planned ahead. The journey on the train was short and silent; John stared out of the window most of the time, into the darkness. When they arrived, Sherlock led them to an almost deserted parking lot behind the train station. Everything was decked out in holly, red and green tinsel dangling from every available surface. He tried to ignore it.
Finally, he realised that the room had gone quiet and two pairs of eyes rested on him. He quickly assembled his thoughts. “You’ll still be in some pain for a few days, but the wound was not as bad as they thought,” he assessed.
“I don’t see why not. I want to know how you’ve been, and she’s obviously a part of that, so I want to know about Mary.”
John gave a surprised chuckle and shook his head. “Okay, seriously, whoever you are, what have you done with Sherlock Holmes?” he asked. “Because whoever came back from the dead yesterday,” he turned to explain to Mary, “it’s not him.” He had tried to speak lightly, but felt something heavy in his heart – yes, it was definitely still a bit too soon to be making jokes about it.
… He tightened his hold and let his fingers on John’s cheek wander into his hair. He pulled him close and lowered his head, keeping eye contact, waiting to be rebuffed. But John’s lips parted and his eyes fluttered close, so Sherlock followed suit. When his lips found John’s, the tension from his shoulders finally released.
He spread it liberally on his toast and bit into it with relish. Sherlock nearly choked on his tea as he watched, already committing the look on John’s face to memory. Some honey dripped down his lip and he licked it off quickly. Suddenly that image combined in Sherlock’s head with the sensation of the rather intimate hug the night before, and Sherlock had to look away.
“Oh, right!” Yes, John had promised to take her to a new exhibition. At the time, he had thought how that presented them with another opportunity to go out twice in one week and to get to know her better. He thought about Sherlock and how simply thinking about him made his head ache with all the confusion.
The way John looked at him now, it was unmistakeable. Even Sherlock, surprised as he had been by this development, could no longer ignore it. And John himself had finally realised it, it seemed. He kept touching him, giving him long looks, trying to inch a little bit closer every day. The intimacy between them had grown so quickly to much more than what it had been before the Fall. It felt a little like all the air had been pressed from his lungs in a forceful choke, and now that they were released, the air rushed back in to compensate without almost no doing on his part.
It's Christmas! Time to head to Cornwall to pick up the plot and get into trouble ;-)
When he awoke next morning, he found the flat silent. He washed himself as much as the bandages and injured shoulder allowed, took his medication, ate, watched telly and busied himself with his blog. By midday, he had run out of things to do. He contemplated going for a walk, but he still felt too groggy to move around too much. He leaned his head back on the couch and stared at the ceiling, thoughts swirling in his head. He hoped Sherlock would come around soon and not be so damn difficult anymore. He wondered where he was.
“John. We can just, you know, say goodnight. This is fine, okay? Why don’t we both go home for tonight and I’ll see you at work, okay?”
. First sex, and now sleep. It was a little startling, really. But the good kind of startling.
, Sherlock was cursing silently, half awake and half striding around in his mind palace, trying to sort case information from John information, cataloguing the facts he’d picked up in the house alongside the facts about John resting his body against his own.
John tilted his head upwards ever so slightly and looked up from under sleep-heavy lashes. Sherlock shifted his head to see him better. John’s skin was creased from the pillow. He was a bit pale (
home. He hadn’t imagined waking up in the same bed or kissing in front of his parents’ fireplace; that would have been a fancy much too far-fetched.
Sherlock frowned. How or Why John had given Lestrade’s dull job so much consideration and thought was beyond him. What did it matter if he had concrete evidence?
“All I’m saying is,” Sherlock went on, his eyes closed, “we’re setting ourselves up for disappointment here. People won’t have nearly as interesting reactions as you’re capable of imagining.”
Sherlock gave him a rueful smile. “I’m sure Moriarty will find a way to continue our game. But for now, I will leave him in my brother’s care.”
“You’re the hero, John. You went to war and got shot, and now you’re in another kind of war and got shot again. Being a hero will eventually get you killed.” His voice had risen in volume a notch and finally he saw John bristle.
“Yes, don’t worry, my parents are enjoying a peaceful retirement in Hampshire.” Sherlock sighed.
John’s head snapped around from where he’d been looking out of the window. “Why not?” He swallowed heavily, frowning. It was not what he’d expected to hear at all.
“That’s probably because I rush off every time you text me with a case or an emergency,” John admitted sheepishly. “Even when I’m on a date.”
John’s voice caught. “Good.” He closed his eyes and let his hand wander down Sherlock’s side to wrap around his body, to hug him tightly. “Good,” he whispered again, and pressed his face against Sherlock’s neck, to breathe in deeply. He sounded choked, struggling with something, and he displayed the same possessiveness Sherlock had witnessed in different situations before. But it hadn’t been directed at him quite so obviously before.
John smiled, hesitated, then placed a quick kiss on his cheek before he moved on to clear up. And Sherlock ended up simply watching him and processing it all.
John chuckled and snuggled a little closer, waiting for the new day to slowly wake up the world around them.
Sherlock shrugged. “They say dying changes people,” he said casually, but John felt a shiver go down his spine. Sherlock turned to the kitchen to make the tea.
They entered what turned out to be Lady Smallwood’s office. Sherlock dug out a small torch from his pocket; John wondered where the hell he’d hidden that, seeing as his dinner suit fit him so neatly. Sherlock switched on the computer and handed John the torch. He pointed at a filing cabinet. “See if you can find anything on Blanchard. They never mentioned the name of the ambassador in question, which was probably deliberate, even by Mrs Blanchard. But it should be in the file, if it’s there.”
“He believes you, too,” John said. “It’s just that his superiors don’t know you or your reasoning, and without concrete evidence to motivate his actions, he might get into trouble.”
John rolled his eyes and decided to ignore this revelation for now. He looked over to the bar and saw Sherlock making his move. “Oh God please don’t upset them,” he whispered. Greg laughed.
last time and nearly drowned and now he couldn’t, he wouldn’t, because he dimly registered that there was something very wrong with the unresponsive, heavy body in his arms.
“I thought you might appreciate the irony,” Mycroft nodded. He felt a smile tug at his lips. They both understood the unassuming army doctor’s secret proclivity for danger. It was what made him and Sherlock so suited to each other, after all. “However, Dr Watson doesn’t know about Miss Morstan’s previous employment. So far, the most
Helen sniffed again. “Well, it doesn’t matter now,” she said, and he heard tears creeping into her voice again. He instinctively felt that she needed to be a bit more distraction for now.
, he thought dumbly.
Greg looked a bit embarrassed. “Of course. Sorry—“
“When was that?” Sherlock’s deep voice finally picked up the conversation. John twitched a little and Abby looked at him reproachfully when his hand stilled its ministrations on her head.
“Oh,” his eyes widened. “Of course… new name. So what’s your real name?”
“Was there anything you wanted?” Sherlock asked, scanning the room. People were beginning to get up here and there; dinner was clearly over now. Someone got on stage and began the first address of the evening, eliciting laughs and pleasant clapping.
The words were still ringing in Sherlock’s ears. “You, ripping my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool... People might talk.”
“Come here,” he said, and Sherlock did.
His bedroom door opened to reveal Sherlock, his dark blue dressing gown swirling around him. As an added bonus, he was wearing his lab goggles, protective gloves and his hair was in disarray. He looked entirely like the mad scientist that he was.
Sherlock scoffed. “
At first, Sherlock had thought that they only needed to fool everyone for a week or so. He’d been preparing to come back, itching to tell John everything, to apologize for his abominable behaviour towards him. But then Mycroft had cautioned him:
Suddenly, his phone rang. Sherlock sighed and briefly considered simply ignoring it, but he thought perhaps a little goodwill tonight might help.
And yet, apparently
“Yes,” Sherlock managed. “You do all of the… social talkie thingies with witnesses and bereaved widows and such… things. You’re so good at pretending you care and ep- emph- empathise,” he brought out.
There was absolutely nothing John was going to deny the man if he looked at him like this.
“Are you cold?” John managed in almost a whisper.
Sherlock huffed. “Of course it has occurred to me. But from my observation of people this was somewhat... unusual behaviour. I believed people who are friends to be more distant towards each other, for all their put-on joviality.” His voice had taken on a definite sneer there. Lestrade thought about this for a moment. Sherlock was a keen observer – many people called others their friends, but how much did they really
Sherlock shook his head and leaned back again. “Sometimes I despair at the crude coupling methods of the human race.”
, and saw the nurse blush ever so slightly. She muttered something about the rules, and began getting her cart in order. Lestrade apologized again, picked up his bag and shuffled back into the hospital room, pushing Sherlock ahead of him.
Sherlock was silent as he briefly retreated to his mind and tried to go over John’s words again. He saw them right next to everything John had said the previous night; he hadn’t had time to sort through that, either. He wondered if the new room to contain all of this new data was actually big enough.
. He’s got a house, a dog, even a picket fence – and he had Helen, and that completed the picture in his mind. He wasn’t kidding; he really
“Well.” Sherlock swallowed. Mycroft made a further mental note that the long isolation had evidently softened, if not cracked, his brother’s usually so immaculate façade of detachment. He produced a half-hearted smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “That’s good isn’t it? Why are you worried?”
There was absolutely no focus now. His nerves, his heart, his very cells suddenly felt exposed as the images battered him from every angle. John’s smile, John’s tentative attempts at flirting (
“It fits well. The tailor is not such an idiot after all,” was all Sherlock said to that. He nodded at the sleeves. “You need cufflinks.”
“I’m sorry, John,” Sherlock said and it sounded like he really meant it. “The case was all that mattered. I didn’t think they’d catch on so quickly.”
“What?”
John raised an eyebrow and huffed a laugh. “Of course it’s the right boat.”
John turned to him. “Huh? Oh, you mean we’re going to watch your boat and catch Margaret or Helen as they board it with the goods?”
out with the confidence of a man used to this sort of getup. John felt his jaw fall open ever so slightly.
Sherlock had a flashback to John’s playful flirting earlier and felt his ears heat. He huffed an impatient sigh and let himself flop back into the cushions. He pulled his legs up to his chest and regarded John on the other side of the couch. “You’re not being very efficient about this.”
he wanted to scream at the brothers,
John patted his pockets until he found the shape he was looking for. “Ah. Good.”
He slowly began to extricate his dead arm from where it was trapped behind Sherlock’s back, wincing from the onset of violent pins and needles. Sherlock moaned weakly beneath him, a sound that bypassed John’s brain entirely and went straight to his bones, turning them into mush. He felt his face flush and suddenly had to fight a very alarming mixture of arousal, nausea and fondness welling up inside him.
“What?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in interest and flipped open the file. He glanced at the picture before skimming the pertinent data. His face remained passive and he was quiet for a while after he finished reading, staring at the page. Finally, he gave a short huff. “Typical,” he groused, but there was something forgiving in his voice.
Well, two experiments, really; both a success. Confirmed: alcohol lowered inhibitions, even Sherlock’s. It may also turn people sentimental. However, he had also been somewhat overcome with sentiment on other occasions when John was around, namely when he had nearly died, and then when he’d woken up in the hospital. So perhaps it hadn’t been the alcohol, but merely the effect of
, Sherlock thought.
John smiled. He leaned his head sideways to rest against Sherlock’s temple. “And… if we get out of this, it’s… all good. I was wrong to push you. It was only… I was still dealing with having you back, I think. It’s not the easiest thing. I’m a bit all over the place.”
… may be what you want, but this kind of life, it’s… not for me,” she said a bit more quietly.
The hand squeezed his. “But I won’t go out of my way to find him and confront him again.” Sherlock was quiet for a moment again, and then something slipped, something relaxed in his shoulders, as if he was once again giving in to a quiet urge. “Last time I did that,” he said, his voice less constrained. “We got blown up and you got shot, and he still escaped. Those are not acceptable odds. I don’t wish to tempt him again.”
Sherlock turned around, frowning. He took in John’s entire body and casual tone and then pressed his lips together. “You know I don’t sleep as much as you do,” he said carefully.
Sherlock was saying something. He sounded concerned. He felt Sherlock’s breathing in his hair. He vaguely registered that he was in his pyjamas, too, and even though that usually didn’t mean that he slept, he somehow felt a little softer around the edges.
And as John looked and wondered if he’d imagined it all, Sherlock’s eyes flickered to him and he smiled. “You’re thinking too loud,” the deep baritone murmured. Then he frowned a little. “John… I’m not exactly…
“Do we now?” Sherlock continued, amused. Greg was looking between them with a growing worry. It seemed, for all his enthusiasm, he finally realised the drawbacks of both of them being on the same page. “Oh God, this is what it’s going to be like with you from now on, isn’t it? You’ll just be obnoxious
“What?” he asked, giving John a look.
“You are no fun,” Sherlock stated with an eye roll.
Sherlock felt warm, just like last time. After he had crawled into John’s bed on Tuesday to chase away his nightmares, he had woken up early to an unexpected warmth emanating from the other body under the blanket. Definitely a new sensation and not entirely unpleasant in cold December.
John nodded back, content. Without ceremony, he begun nibbling his own, holding it with the napkin. His other hand found Sherlock’s, interlaced their fingers, and kept them both on Sherlock’s knee. Sherlock curled his fingers around John’s and left them there for the entire ride.
moving slightly under his hands.
could possibly benefit national security,” Sherlock snapped.
Mary nodded. After a moment, John sniffed and then nodded too. He held out a hand. Sherlock, without thinking, took it, feeling a lump in his throat. John held on tightly and then held out his other hand to Mary. She looked a little surprised and glanced at their clasped hands with a small smile. She pressed her lips together and took his hand. John squeezed their hands and smiled at them both, and Sherlock felt that finally, things had settled firmly into place once more.
“For now,” Sherlock said. “Let’s go.”
They backed themselves into the deepest corner of the pool, where two tiled walls provided a small amount of protection from the mayhem around them. John heard the muffled sound of a second explosion, wondering what kind of flammable equipment they had in this place. Sherlock had probably catalogued it all in his head already.
John sighed. “I— I don’t think I feel very much like celebrating.”
They waited until the boat had pushed off from the jetty before making their move. John sent a quick text to Lestrade to alert him of the possible hostage situation. They crept through the aisles of benches and John made a mental note of the footsteps echoing around them. Margaret and someone else in the captain’s cabin. Two men on the roof. At least two more somewhere in the back, one probably with Helen. John’s military senses were on full alert now.
Mycroft got up from the uncomfortable chair. “If we find more puzzles along the way, I’ll be sure to pass them on to you. But for now… it’s time you returned.”
“What,” Sherlock murmured into his neck.
“Oh, where are my manners,” the man muttered charmingly. “Mycroft Holmes,” he said, extending a hand.
For that one moment, they were frozen in time; but the spell broke when John’s eyes glanced past Sherlock and to something behind him. He blinked and looked up again. He swallowed drily and very slowly, very gently stepped away from Sherlock. Not too far, but enough to extricate himself from the hand caressing his hair. He smiled, his eyes reassuring Sherlock, but he still moved away. Sherlock felt a pout coming on and tried to regain some of his composure. He must have failed, though, because John gave him an amused smile. He removed his hand from Sherlock’s arm and pointed.
Sherlock paused. “Love what?”
Without further ado, he turned around and John followed, telling himself that he would pay him back for his restraint tenfold later, even if he wasn’t quite sure how yet.
, Mr Holmes. It was not his job to uncover conspiracies or acts of sabotage. If the ambassador had set things in motion, good. But she was dead, and it was not up to my husband to make sure that whatever she started would be finished. I am sure she would not have expected it of him.”
John sighed. This was the last piece of this morning that had to be resolved. Even though they had both been involved with this from the start, John still felt responsible for what happened to her. He knew he would have never forgiven himself if she had died because of their stupidity.
He stopped walking abruptly, which nearly made John fall over. Sherlock quickly pulled him upright, gripping his arms. John wore a befuddled look when he finally stood still. Although Sherlock wasn’t
Footsteps suddenly approached from their other side. His head snapped around, only to see Mary sneak towards them across the back terrace. He sighed in relief. She didn’t say anything, merely pulled out a small knife. She cut his hands free first, then turned to John.
From his arm, the slender fingers brushed slowly over his chest, before they receded altogether. By the time John realised what was happening, it was too late to politely look away. Sherlock had quickly undone his buttons and pulled off his shirt and trousers, kicking them to the side. He then started clumsily pulling on John’s shirt. John was half-waiting for some kind of panic to set in, but all he felt was a growing need to touch. He ran his hands over Sherlock’s fingers and gently took over unbuttoning his shirt. Sherlock’s eyes met his and his bare chest heaved a heavy sigh when he finally flattened his hands against John’s exposed skin. A shiver ran through John at the warm touch and he faintly wondered why he hadn’t combusted on the spot yet. He closed his eyes and let Sherlock explore.
John couldn’t think. He could only feel. His breathing was ragged, his vision still blurry – whether from the concussion or the anger, he didn’t know. He kept his eyes closed for a moment, trying to calm down. He tried to breathe. These feelings were neither healthy nor helpful in any way. But damn, he was
“Not yet.”
“What is it?” John asked, eying the bag speculatively.
“What? It must be Ajay’s, surely?”
John’s eyes widened. “But if he—“
John instead.
“Are you done?” She caught Moran’s eyes and jerked her head towards Sherlock. Moran advanced and grabbed his arms to twist them behind his back as well. Norbury’s gun was aimed at John now, who stood helpless, sweat on his brow. “
Sherlock pulled in a sharp breath and took in as many details as he could. John was staring at his forehead with undisguised panic.
’ firmly to Sherlock’s forehead.
Sherlock’s eyes met his and he smiled. “Not bad, Doctor.” Did Sherlock make that sound so suggestive on purpose? Or was that just his voice?
you do, besides
was still enough to completely shut down his brain. Sherlock was standing by the kitchen counter and turned around, holding out a cup of tea to John. He smiled at him fondly. “Good morning,” he said, his voice softer than usual. It was such a domestic scene, almost as if nothing had ever changed. Sherlock was fully dressed, all lean and sharp angles and looking nothing like the rumpled mess from last night. Yet even now John recognized the insecurity Sherlock had been exhibiting ever since he’d come back to Baker Street. After what he’d said last night, it was beginning to make sense. He was only human, after all.
So. John would either be awkward about his drunken misstep, or he would be terribly sentimental about it all. He remembered John’s earnest look and his words,
“Impossible. Have you met her?”
Sherlock’s smile widened until his eyes crinkled at the sides and John laughed and sighed all at once, wishing he could just drag him down to show him exactly what it did to him when Sherlock looked at him like that.
John suddenly felt like he was completely transparent. Of course, how could he not be? He was, to begin with, not a good liar nor was he good at acting or pretending. He was straightforward and honest, and he prided himself on it. But in addition, he lived with Sherlock Holmes, the most observant man on the planet. John swallowed and sat down for a moment, digesting this thought. Oh God, Sherlock could probably deduce his feelings towards him with a single glance.
“Anything but that, Mycroft. Really. I mean it. This is no joke.”
“How the devil did you know where the goddamn study would be?” John hurried inside, glancing around the small orderly room. Large French windows along the far wall looked out over the garden.
. Who had been willing to sacrifice his life for him; who, for some insane reason,
“One of them is Ricardo.”
Sherlock cocked a half-smile and began peeling away John’s cardigan, which was soaked in water and blood. “I’ll make you a deal, doctor,” he rumbled quietly with a raised eyebrow. “You stay with me and I’ll buy you as many drinks as you like.”
“Well, funny to ordinary people.”
“You may be the perfect gentleman, but even you cannot fail to see the advantages of the situation. She is in distress and you are her caretaker.” Sherlock’s word came rapidly, he hardly took time to breathe. “She is
off?”
He dropped his bag on the floor, took off his suit jacket and threw it over the chair and then let himself keel over backwards into the mattress. He tilted his head to the side, breathed in the comforting smell of his mother’s laundry powder and just relaxed. He was loath to admit it, and he would certainly never tell Mycroft, but he was glad to be at home. It wasn’t
Sherlock looked up sharply, trying to detect the sarcasm or the ridicule. However, Mycroft found he meant it. He’d seen how content Sherlock had looked, and despite what his brother might think, he was quite pleased with this outcome. It amused him that a good, honest man like John Watson had simply waltzed into his brother’s life and changed a few things. It was interesting and satisfying to watch, and if it made Sherlock happier, well, that was good for everyone, he concluded.
“Very perceptive, Detective Inspector,” he drawled. He paused, and then went on. “Yes, something has me puzzled, and I would....” he had to pause again and looked at Lestrade as if making up his mind. “I would value your opinion on it.”
Mrs Blanchard merely raised her eyebrows. “Dear me, you really are all they say you are, aren’t you? Biology, King’s College,” she added, and nodded for him to continue.
John froze at the sudden touch of soft lips pressed against his. Clumsily, tentatively… but
The crisp knock at the door startled Sherlock out of his stasis and he checked his watch; eight on the dot. Pressing his palms down against the front of his trousers, he took a deep breath, released it, and opened the door.
“Yeah?” Sherlock pants, “yeah?”
“Now! That’s better! Isn’t it?”
“Cambridge.”
But he can’t help it; he
. But Sherlock knows that this is something that people say. To sound genuine. To sound interested and engaged.
“I suppose.”
Sherlock huffs out an annoyed laugh at himself. “No.”
“That I most certainly am, though in what context is entirely up to you. I’m in no rush.” His prick gave a twitch to suggest otherwise but Sherlock did his best to ignore it, recognizing that after the day John had had, perhaps intercourse wasn’t appropriate.
“Listen,” Molly says, sipping again at her glass. “You’re handsome, dashing really, and quite smart and yes, you’re… you know,
Sherlock lapped at him wetly, noting the musky sweet taste. He worked spit to the front of his mouth and laved it up and over John with a careful, insistent tongue. They’d not done this before, but Sherlock was sure they would again. This too, he found he loved, having John open and vulnerable beneath him, desperate for the touch of his tongue. He sank in even further, his cheekbones pressed by the firmness of John’s arsecheeks, and Sherlock
“I won’t be able to compete in the circuit again, this is my last year. It’s nothing to do with age but with the deterioration of the body. More precisely, my knees can no longer take it.” Sherlock saw the chance and he took it, knocking one of his knees against John’s. It was risky, a move like that, when they were out in public but the thrill at doing so negated any consequence that might become of it.
Once under the covers, he stares up at the ceiling, again turning over the offer to meet John5NF in his head. What on Earth is he thinking?
Sherlock stretched and ran a hand through his hair, gathering himself quickly together. “John called you, I assume.”
Sherlock raises a single brow and keeps writing.
“Oh really?” he asked, jokingly and turned back to glance at Sherlock, who was just a pace behind him now.
Sherlock’s face, a mask of sincere conviction, “Nothing would… honor, John. It would be my absolute honor and joy.”
When Sherlock reaches the door, he turns back, ducks his head and winks. “Afternoon!”
“We could… leave it. We could store the boxes in the back hallway until…”
“Oh?”.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed to Phillip’s before he took a glance around the hut, assuring himself that no one had overheard. “Good,” he said without turning back. “Do keep an eye out.”
And that’s all John needs to hear, and the painfully corseted feeling in his ribs gives way to something lighter than air. He laughs, reins himself in with a hum and reaches out to squeeze Sherlock’s arm so hard that his knuckles turn white.
Sherlock presses his lips together, looking bashful, and murmurs, “I brought champagne.”
There were four more skiers and if they couldn’t pick up two seconds on the course… the gold was his.
It wasn’t a bath, but it did the trick, and as Sherlock was towelling off his hair, he took a moment to categorize the scent of John’s products. It was woody and light, and he brought his damp hair towel to his face for a sniff before hanging it up to dry on the rack.
It has occurred to John, somewhere between Sherlock dying and his subsequent return, that he should just call it was it is: he had been, and still is, desperately and endlessly in love with Sherlock, the best man he’s ever met. Proper, horrible, marrow-deep love. Not a surprise, really, as he’d warmed up to and accepted that truth for all of its intricacies and obstacles, amorphous and not.
John looked at him like he thought he was just the slightest bit mad, shrugged, and took a pull from his fresh beer. “Right, so.” John slipped up onto one of the stools and Greg followed suit, leaving Sherlock clutching his drink and standing there awkwardly. Under their scrutiny, he shifted up onto a stool himself, sipping primly from his drink.
“Well, it looked like it was brilliant.” John’s tone was low and nearly petulant at Sherlock’s blasé attitude, but as soon as the words were out of his mouth, he sealed it lips up rather tightly.
“Hold on, just, just stop. You
John smiled goofily back at him, managing to right his balance. “So, Greg, you headed back to the hotel?”
Sherlock swallowed, knowing he’d wanted to wait for this, this intimacy. But John had made it perfectly plain that he wanted more with Sherlock, that what was developing between them would reach far beyond the physical. If he’d been worried about John’s intentions, John had clarified them with a few heartfelt words. Sherlock’s blood thickened and slowed in his veins as his heart beat painfully in his chest; he could imagine much more with this man, a lifetime more, and Sherlock found the need to prove that with his body.
He can’t help but laugh at Sherlock’s near-flailing. John struggles to his knees, tongue out and touching his bottom lip as he concentrates on getting Sherlock’s shirt unbuttoned, even as Sherlock continues to move and shift.
At Plymouth hospital it took about all of five minutes before Sherlock felt like he was crawling out of his skin. He’d already insulted the first three nurses who dared to wish him a Happy Christmas; only John’s admonishing glare kept him silent now. He even consented to have someone check him over when John was taken in to get his ankle looked at. Once he had a somewhat clean bill of health he was back in the waiting area, alone with his thoughts.
“Oh no you don’t,” he laughed. He used an old army move to pin Sherlock’s arms to his body and blocked his leg, effectively immobilizing the taller man on the spot. Sherlock’s back was pressed against John’s chest, he was trapped.
in the hospital either.
Sherlock couldn’t help himself. He was staring in utter delight into John’s eyes. His feet, thankfully, remembered what to do on their own, and John was more than competent, as predicted. He held on tight enough so he could lead wherever they needed to go, but was pliant enough to make the experience surprisingly pleasant. Sherlock’s higher brain functions were trying to make something out of the multitude of sensations assaulting his mind, but gave up pretty much immediately when John shifted a little closer and smiled up at him.
John nodded. “Okay,” he said. “Yeah. That sounds… good.”
“There is one thing, Sherlock, one—“, John steadied himself once again before he could continue. “You thought I was worried that I had been taken in by you. But the only thing that worried me was that you
Sherlock began looking up train times.
“What did you bet Sergeant Donovan at the docks the other day?”
John ducked his head and had the good grace to sound like he’d been caught. “What do you mean?”
“You SPRAINED your WRIST? Sherlock, you complete cock! You could have broken your NECK!” John was absolutely certain he’d kill Sherlock once they got home. Scratch that, he’d kill him right now, for making him think—
John stepped forward. “Stop it. You are not turning this into some kind of grand debate. This is not
He froze at the touch; his nerves completely short circuited from the sensation.
? She nudged his legs a little. When Freddy answered, Sherlock absent-mindedly reached down and began ruffling her fur. John smirked a little when Abby’s tongue lolled out and she looked as pleased as ever.
John struggled upright, and they walked down the street arm in arm, steadying each other all the way to 221B Baker Street.
His last shred of conscious reason reminded him that Sherlock was never one to deny himself anything. He saw him move closer and felt the torment of his breath on his lips, and everything inside him was burning and screaming
They stepped up to the team. “Well, I think that went well,” Greg announced in greeting.
Two hours later, he was sitting on the back of an ambulance, an orange rescue blanket around his shoulders. Detective Inspector Lestrade was staring at him, his eyes full of pity. John wished he was shouting at him again, as he had up until that point. About how reckless it was of him to go into the hideout without backup. How he could have been killed. How he should have known better. Behind him, John saw three figures being led in handcuffs into police cars. One, he knew had a dislocated shoulder. That was the first thing that had given him a certain satisfaction that night. He felt effective, somehow; not just a useless former sidekick trapped in an empty flat.
“John, what are you doing,” Sherlock huffed.
Better: Moran should be worried once John Watson and Sherlock Holmes got on his trail, together.
Lestrade mercifully shut up and merely shrugged non-committedly. “Okay, fine; but let me know if anything happens, all right? Got money in the betting pool. You guys owe me that.” He drained his beer.
and he’d be in John’s arms in a heartbeat, closing the distance between them was only a matter of letting go…
“Tomorrow?” John scrunched up his face.
Sherlock took a deep breath and got up. He wiped a hand down his face and stretched his stiff limbs. “He's been in and out of semi-consciousness throughout the night. A nurse came in to check because of the concussion. He seems to be recovering normally. The last few hours he definitely went into REM sleep so he should be more rested when he wakes up.”
was bothered by it. He had
Suddenly, he saw something out of the corner of his eye and looked up. Sherlock was standing in a doorway down the hall, still clad in his coat – clearly he didn’t appreciate being parted from it – and looked at him silently. There was something in his eyes that made John’s heart constrict. For some reason, he knew it was something different from what happened on the landing. Something buried. He couldn’t help himself, though. He stood up and smiled at Sherlock. Even after all the confusion in his head, it was simply good to be on a case with him again. The dog continued to bounce around him as he made his way into the living room. Sherlock retreated to the sofa and merely greeted him with a thoughtful “John,” when he came in.
Mycroft wondered.
John smiled. “They’re not going to make fun of you,” he tried. It was, frankly, quite funny seeing Sherlock actually
John’s fingers pressed into his armrest. His throat closed up and he felt his eyes burn. For what felt like the hundredth time that day – that week? – he fought it until it stopped. Until he felt perfectly calm again. And empty. He continued to stare at the vacant space until the darkness enveloped him.
“Sherlock.” She twirled her cup between her fingers, evidently amused. “You haven’t told him how you feel about him, then?”
“Oh! Obviously,” Sherlock drawled, but John could hear the smile in his voice.
Molly sent him a grateful smile and they went in search of the morgue’s tiny kitchen. Molly unceremoniously dumped her pile of papers on a counter and began busying herself with the coffee machine. “So! How have you been,” she began, trying to sound chipper, yet sounding sadder than ever.
John cleared his throat and smiled a little. “So… Mrs Blanchard?”
“Oh has he? I doubt he’d see you as more than a liability at this point. A security risk. Who’s to say you weren’t working for Norbury this entire time? Use John to get to me, cash in the reward for the
“Well, technically—“ Sherlock glanced at his wrist. “—23 minutes less drunk than I was.”
“Happy New Year, Sherlock.”
John glanced down. Of course he remembered his words from the night he almost died. You don’t just tell people something like that and then conveniently forget. From the look on his face, Sherlock hadn’t forgotten it either.
Sherlock straightened and his bright eyes met Mycroft’s. “And therefore, so is John.”
“So… what should we call you, then?”
. He’d never really thought about it that way, but it somehow felt true. When Mycroft had told him, back in Russia, that he was
John remembered how he’d felt back at the Holmes’ house. He had been so undecided how to approach this issue between them, how to confront his feelings for Sherlock. It was too much, too complex… everything had felt so off-kilter. Now, everything felt strangely clear. And easy, for the first time.
John rolled his eyes. “Sherlock, it’s not about
“You could have been killed!”
“We’re not done yet,” Sherlock scowled.
’ on his own forehead almost immediately and was now leaning back with the face of a smug winner.
“Nothing,” Sherlock pouted.
,” he said. “How’s the multitasking going then?” He threw his jumper over the only chair in the room, and began unbuttoning his shirt. He did not fail to notice how Sherlock’s eyes moved down to follow the movement of his hands. John was very tired, but unless he was imagining things, he knew when he was being
“But Mr Holmes—“ people began shouting again, shoving microphones into his face.
, but not obviously so. Had people let him know it? All the time – or just since… What else had Sherlock missed when he was away?
was too much of a liability,” she informed Sherlock with a smirk that Sherlock couldn’t help but appreciate. The subtle inference, playing as if she was some kind of woman of his (entirely
“Good.” Sherlock sounded aggravated at himself. He seemed glad to stop the conversation right there. If he was honest, so was John.
He pushed his barely gained breath into his friend. He counted, then placed his hands in practised movements on Sherlock’s chest. Compress. Count. Breathe. The CPR and the surrounding smoke aggravated his own lightheadedness but he didn’t slow down. Finally, after a forever during which John’s mind went blank except for his movements, Sherlock suddenly sputtered and coughed. John sighed in relief and quickly rolled him to the side, allowing him to expell the excess water.
“Good.” Sherlock sent him another brief look, a small smile ghosting on his face as well.
“Well… yes, but… different times, different Sherlock,” he assented vaguely. John knew little about his friend’s time as an addict, but he knew enough to understand. He merely nodded.
Mary snorted. “You sound surprised.”
Only when they’d gone a few steps from the table did Sherlock question the soundness of his plan. He’d simply said the first thing that had sprung to mind, and now he and John were definitely heading towards the dance floor. John was still holding his hand. Before Sherlock could let it go and awkwardly shuffle aside, John glanced over his shoulder and chuckled. “I’m afraid you’ve confused the poor man, Sherlock, he’s still staring at us.”
“It feels like you’re living two lives at once. Nobody can keep that up, you know?” He studied her earnest gaze as she continued. “I think perhaps it would be better if you took a leave of absence for now.”
“I— buried you. I mourned you! And you
Sherlock smirked and John felt his heart give a little lurch. “Wouldn’t you like to know,” the detective drawled quietly. John managed a weak chuckle.
On the bedside table he saw the aspirin and the glass of water Mrs Hudson had left. He gulped both down quickly to at least relieve one of his worries. He looked over Sherlock’s bed, wondering when he’d gotten up.
“Sherlock?”
John let out a surprised laugh. “I thought you didn’t know! I thought you were genuinely clueless about what was the matter!”
“Yes. And I believe you are right,” he began, and John’s eyes nearly bulged out of their sockets at this admission. “She is not the kind of person to carry on a pointless relationship and they are probably quite suited to each other.”
Lestrade laughed. A big, warm belly laugh. Sherlock had to admit he liked the sound. “You bastard,” Lestrade said under his grin. “You utter bastard.”
“I did just fine without your meddling.”
“You know, I’ll never guess this one, darling,” Richard said to his wife, shaking his head and laughing fondly. “Myc’s probably given me some obscure Russian author or Norwegian Nobel prize winner!”
Sherlock turned to him and studied his face for a moment. “It would not have been possible without her. The fake body… and after,” he said.
Sherlock huffed. “Oh please, save it.”
“Right.”
Mycroft’s laugh was without humour. “I just might,” he said. “There was not a hair out of place, no forced entry, no prints, of course… and only one thing was missing. Mary’s file.”
Sherlock raised a delicate eyebrow and placed his violin under his chin. “Evidently not true,” he said with a certain air of smugness, and began to play.
. He mumbled something incoherent, turned on his heels and fled.
—John’s fingers tightened with shock and he noticed that he was holding the sleeve of a coat in a death grip, a sleeve covering the arms that had carried him, and he knew that there was no way he could let go.
John rolled the cup between his palms, glad for the heat. “It looks like it.” He felt a pang of sympathy and guilt. “What about you…?”
“I think she’s worried about you,” John tried cautiously.
know that?” John couldn’t help but ask.
“Well, it was certainly lucky John had someone watching over him last night,” Lestrade joked, his back still turned. Mary’s eyes flittered to Sherlock.
John had finally torn himself away from pondering Sherlock’s hair or the sounds he made, all the while enjoying a pleasant tugging in his chest. He’d decided to have an early night and was on the stairs to his bedroom when the detective’s phone went off.
Mary was watching him, sitting casually at the table. She wore a dark tank top and one of John’s plaid shirts was draped over her shoulders. He could make out the traces of the thick bandage on her arm. He quickly looked away when he saw her calm smile. “Good morning,” she said. Her voice was steady and calculated, but not unfriendly. She rather looked like she was in her element, somehow.
Now she really laughed. “You’re incredible. Both of you. And absolutely insane!”
Sherlock frowned as he finally locked eyes with John again. “Yes, you do.” He swallowed. “So you know that…
"Caring
“Oh God,” John said and rolled his eyes. “Of course you did. And what are we going to be doing at a fundraiser?”
“People often stay in misguided relationships, John,” Sherlock interrupted.
John felt as if he suddenly needed to make a decision then and there about where he wanted this relationship to go. He began fidgeting the longer they walked, and he berated himself for being such a coward. He was usually much more forward and had no trouble making his intentions clear. But right then, he wasn’t sure what his intentions even were. He wouldn’t mind spending more time with her, but somehow bringing her to Baker Street seemed inappropriate, as if he was going behind Sherlock’s back. He rarely had brought girlfriends there previously, as them meeting Sherlock usually put a bit of a strain on the relationships. That thought brought John back to thinking about the previous Christmas and the words ‘Sherlock Holmes is a lucky man’. He suddenly felt a stab in his gut as he realised that any break-up would have been worth it if it meant Sherlock wasn’t dead.
Abby went to his side in sympathy and John and Sherlock made their way upstairs. Sherlock looked at Helen’s belongings in the bathroom, designating John more suited to go through her clothes. John rolled his eyes but grinned at the same time.
But Sherlock was already on his way downstairs, not listening any more. He had to talk to Helen. After a small, rounded staircase, the cellar opened up into a well-proportioned laundry room, at the end of which was a closed door. In front of it sat the Labrador, looking as if he was guarding a treasury. Sherlock moved past him, and the dog sniffed him a little before it decided he posed no threat. Sherlock tried the handle, but it was locked. A startled gasp came from the other side.
John watched him for a moment longer, until Sherlock gave him a questioning look. “Good night, Sherlock,” he said gently, and rolled over to dream of dinner suits and violin quartets.
“How do you know she’s involved with the robberies?”
Moran shoved them forward into the open load area. John stumbled, his head hitting the edge of the van, grunting in pain. Sherlock painfully banged his shoulder against the open door, scrambling, trying to stay on his legs. They heard footsteps and more shouting, the sounds eerily muffled by the fog.
Mycroft raised a delicate eyebrow. “Can’t a man spend Christmas with his family without being harried about it?”
John pulled himself away from Sherlock’s lips to explore; he pressed desperate kisses to the long, slender neck and under the earlobe, at which Sherlock gave a delightful tremble. In between, he kept whispering John’s name, as if he couldn’t believe he was there. John raked his fingers through the black curls, sighing in contented bliss.
Finally, with a massive gasp, he broke the surface. He allowed himself one big gulp of air, quickly kicking and paddling, trying to fight the waves lapping in his face. He turned John so that he held him around the chest, keeping his chin above water with his hand. He was unconscious, and water ran freely from his mouth and nose, gripping Sherlock in a wild panic. He wasn’t breathing.
that was happening was far from over.
“It’s probably one of those mentally challenged pop stars only you would know about.”
“I am,” the braver one of the two replied cockily and adjusted her top a little to reveal more cleavage. John felt this was the time to intervene and save them from what could only end in disaster.
Lestrade waved that interruption away and leaned over the table, catching John’s attention as if he was telling John the secret solution to a case. “But you see, they don’t get it. They just think about you, and how crazy you are. But he’s got to live with you, too!”
Conversations and scenes buzzed through his mind as he sat there, studying Sherlock. The man who, a few hours ago, had been completely comfortable lying in his lap, being a thorough distraction to John. The man who shared his flat, his tea, his thoughts. The ‘unsociable weirdo holding vigil’ at his hospital bed for two nights. The man he’d dragged unconscious from the pool. The man whose breath he’d shared to stay safe for just a few minutes longer.
John replaced the book and got up. “I’m guessing a visit to Danby’s is in order?”
“I told you they’d turn on you, and they did,” John continued. “And look at them now. Not so eager to condemn you this time around, are they?”
They had finally stopped in a small town in the middle of nowhere. Somehow, the lack of huge buildings and thousands of people on a single street created an additional absence of warmth; for the first time in months, John felt like he could really feel the air and the coldness surrounding him. He zipped up his jacket tightly and wished he had a scarf, but other than that, the cold was wonderfully bracing. His feet crunched in the gravel of the path.
,” she added with a delighted wink to John. “Absolutely charming to see you both. I never thanked you personally for helping out with my
He quickly pulled in a deep breath, then another one, and then coughed vioently as acid smoke and heat assaulted his airways. Sherlock hung in his arms, unresponsive. John turned himself so he could grip onto his torso easily and found a foothold in the wall of the pool. The waterline had sunk about a foot. He pressed Sherlock’s limp form against the walls, noticing at once that he wasn’t breathing. With a desperate grunt, he wrestled his good shoulder underneath Sherlock’s and shoved upwards and forwards, hoping his leverage was enough to get the tall man out of the water.
Sherlock looked at him with stormy features. “Don’t psychoanalyze me, Lestrade. Others have tried and failed.” He pushed himself out of the plastic chair and turned his back. “Thank you for your insight into the matter, it is noted,” he said coldly. He turned a little. “The distraction,” he nodded to the case file, “was also welcome, but now I am tired and you should leave.”
“Nothing?” Mycroft leaned forward, intrigued. “Isn’t that rather... unproductive of you?”
“But what does it matter, they’re idiots,” Sherlock said, an eyebrow raised, but looking amused.
Her eyes snapped to Sherlock. “Please spare us, Mr Holmes,” she sighed, but the flicker of annoyance in her face spurred him on.
, and perhaps that was enough to explain this?
“Yes, John mentioned it.”
John leaned in to see and then gave him a questioning glance. “You sure?”
Sherlock slowly raised his gun.
“Mary,” he said genially.
“I could ask Mycroft if he can transfer you back to London,” Sherlock offered. “I’m sure taking out a major threat to national security should help with cashing in favours.”
She stepped into the room further, gun still raised, her eyes flickering from Sherlock to Mary. “You had better taken the offer, my dear,” she said, any trace of humour gone. Mary said nothing; she only briefly let her eyes meet Sherlock’s.
“You sure? Isn’t it a bit too much, too soon?” She looked worried.
A wooden door at the end of the corridor led to the cellar. She all but pushed them down the stairs; they turned and ended in a small room that smelled vaguely of laundry and storage boxes. A few smaller doors in one wall probably opened up to some kind of old-fashioned larder or perhaps hid a boiler. Norbury opened one of them and prodded John with the gun to step inside. The air smelled dusty. Each wall was covered with shelves full of jars. Sherlock was pushed in after him and stumbled against John.
John waited until the steps faded away. He took a deep breath and thought for a moment, rubbing Abby’s head. The Labrador looked up at him with pleading, despondent eyes. He gave her a small smile.
at Sherlock. His damp shirt clung to him, his curls were matted and tousled, and there was an expression on his face… John felt his heart speed up and his cheeks getting warm. He saw Sherlock’s eyes widen, no doubt detecting every minor detail of his physical reaction. Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed heavily. His pupils darkened with undisguised desire. It was a sight John never would have dreamed he would get to see. Only now did he realize how much he craved it. His skin tingled as he silently vowed to make Sherlock look at him like that again and again until he believed it.
. His legs were tucked in between John’s body and the back of the sofa. John was turned to his side and had slung an arm over them; he was still sleeping, Sherlock noticed with relief. John’s legs stretched out next to Sherlock and his arm had gotten trapped underneath them. Sherlock gently drew it back and flexed his fingers to work against the numbness that was enveloping it.
He had to work very hard at that moment to not let these stray memories of the previous night go any further into detail about bodies flush against each other and hands tangled in hair... or he would probably combust on the spot. So he gritted his teeth and focussed on carrying his friend, putting one foot in front of the other.
“No. Pretty much figured you out right away,” John said quietly, his eyes glancing up briefly, still smirking. “And you’re not selfish,” he added. Sherlock didn’t know how to respond to that, so he stuffed his hands in the pockets of his coat and they walked in silence for a bit.
He felt sad for Molly at that thought and also a little concerned for himself. He shouldn’t allow himself to think of Sherlock that way; it would only make things harder for him in the long run. He was happy that he was getting his life back, and he was relieved, so the confusing dreams of kissing Sherlock were probably just a… mental manifestation of his relief? Perhaps he was simply overcompensating for six months of emptiness by spurting an overabundance of affection now?
John searched his eyes. “I asked you… yesterday, because I needed to know,” he said, and he felt a bit dumb for having to say this. “And I really still do, Sherlock, because if you look at me like you did afterwards again I might not be able to take it,” he said, his voice almost dropping to a whisper.
“Oh,” John said, and smiled back, surprised. He’d have to pick up the blog again soon. “Thank you, appreciate it,” he cleared his throat. “Merry Christmas.” He hadn’t given any thought to being seen with Sherlock by anyone in the hospital – it seemed so far away from London. So now they had been sitting in an intimate embrace for hours, for everyone to see. He suddenly felt oddly proud and stood a little straighter.
He pulled the trigger.
“Mycroft,” he greeted.
Outside of the shop, a cold grip seized his spine and his heart began to race. His fingers clenched painfully around the handle of the shopping bag. He tried to take a deep breath, but could only gasp before his throat clenched shut again. He began walking, almost in a daze, gasping for air, feeling dizzy all the way back to Baker Street. With a still racing heart, he fumbled for the keys and jammed them into the lock, trembling hands pushing the door open. He managed to take a few steps after the door fell into its lock behind him, before his legs gave in. He dropped his bag and shakily lowered himself to the floor, where he wrapped his arms around his legs. He tried to control his breathing, but his heart still raced and he just couldn’t get himself to breathe normally.
Mycroft really should know better than to leave his laptop lying around like this; the password was a joke to crack and his brother was way too nosy by nature. Sherlock scoffed. Perhaps Mycroft was getting old. He quickly glanced through files and folders and emails until he found what he was looking for.
“Let’s get off the road, come on,” he said wearily, making his way toward the fire escape at the side of the building without even thinking about it. He really didn’t know if Sherlock still cared whether the whole bloody hospital saw him, but he was sticking to the secrecy unless anyone told him otherwise.
Mrs Hudson poked her head out of her kitchen for a moment. “Got a case, dear?” she said in that cheerful voice parents probably used to inquire after their children’s dates for the night.
The next day, John was still dismayed to have gotten no reply from Mary. Mycroft hadn’t called again either, so perhaps he had found her. Or perhaps he knew there was nothing else to find out from John. Either way, there was not much John could do.
“I see.” She finished her tea and demonstratively set down the cup. “Don’t worry. They’re not going to last,” she announced.
“Don’t you trust me?” Sherlock’s voice lowered seductively. “I promise I’ll be nice.”
“You’re still wondering… whether I’ll go after her,” he murmured softly. It wasn’t a question.
“Yes, you do,” John admonished.
Sherlock looked, for lack of a better word, captivated by the whatever he saw. Two sea grey eyes roamed dark blue ones, and a quiet little smile stole onto that face that was usually so closed off.
“What? No,” Mary waved him away again. “No, I think he’s actually, well… finding a way around that. He could probably put me behind bars for parking tickets or something.” She chuckled. “But he knows I know things that can help him. I’m not half-bad at this, you know,” she said with a glint in her eye that John rather liked.
“What are you doing out here?” John peeked into the corridor, where Sherlock was standing by himself. He was leaning against the railing, looking at his phone.
me. He told me all the mad things he… he wanted to do to you.” John shuddered.
“Sir,” Anthea stepped forward. “Rogers is on it.”
“Gosh, no,” John huffed. “I didn’t even know he had parents until a few days ago.”
John closed the gate behind him and walked up to Mr. Rodney, who straightened and shook John’s hand.
“I know, it’s much worse than that,” Sherlock said, raising his other hand to his face to rub his eyes in frustration, sounding so truly mortified that John had to smile. Sherlock looked over at him again and said, “much, much worse,” and John grinned, thinking that to anyone else these words would have sounded ominous, but to him it was understanding and relief and
“You need to get over this,” she stated firmly.
“Evidently, you cautioned against it?”
The pain in his shoulder flared up as his composure weakened. Despite his efforts, his hand slipped from Sherlock’s face just as his friend’s hand loosened his grip on his head as well. He blinked his eyes open, painfully against the chlorine and blurring with the first signs of approaching unconsciousness. He felt Sherlock sharply pull one last breath, gasping and unable to control it. John pulled back, a few errant bubbles escaping his lips.
“Why did this have to… why now, John?” Sherlock’s voice was low. “The case is all that matters right now. I mean—“ he composed himself some more. “I am back now and you’re fine… we can go back to the way things were until… well, until we’ve had some more time to think. Wouldn’t that be good, too?”
John breathed in deeply and nodded once. “Yeah. I’m fine. No harm done,” he said but then sneezed violently. He drew the blanket a bit closer around him, shivering a little. “Almost.”
As soon as the door clicked shut, Sherlock began pulling out his bag. “Have you finished packing?” he asked, his voice carefully emotionless, his posture stiff.
“Nothing,” he said gruffly. “Just glad you’re back together, is all. It somehow… wasn’t right.” And with that, Lestrade led him from the room, following their mad friend.
“Well, can’t they move?” Sherlock exclaimed.
Sherlock seemed perfectly fine with what happened – unsure, inexperienced perhaps, certainly a little overwhelmed with all this new
of our dear Detective Inspector over there.” She nodded at Lestrade, who was laughing at something John said.
. John felt the tears finally escape his eyes. Suddenly, he remembered his words from what seemed like ages ago. They had danced together, John promising Sherlock,
John watched him for a while as they got underway and finally asked, “how did you know about the promotion?”
“So what are you going to do about it?”
“You know me so well, brother,” Sherlock smirked as he wandered slowly back towards the banquet hall.
“Nothing, honestly,” John said and laughed. “I am rubbish at it.”
– anything. She said she didn’t know the guy from their assault and he had bought it, hook, line and sinker. So had Mycroft.
Sherlock blinked at them standing in the living room – Mycroft looking snarky as always, even at home, and Mary glancing around curiously, as if every piece of furniture gave her more clues about the peculiar Holmes family.
“She was murdered for what she knew,” Sherlock told her. Lady Smallwood sucked in a breath, but otherwise remained stoic. “But the only other person who had frequent access and opportunities was, of course, your PA.”
“You know how unreal you are?” he almost whispered, and Sherlock scoffed. However, John could see the corners of his mouth twitch. He was beginning to understand that despite all his pretence, Sherlock loved his admiration, no matter if it was for his brilliant deductions or for how gorgeous he thought he was. John felt that he could live with that knowledge very well.
Sherlock pursed his lips and shook his phone at John. “Don’t know that either,” he admitted with a bit of a sheepish smile. “But I can almost sense it.” He sounded like he was tasting the next crime on the very air they breathed. He hopped onto the backrest of his chair, his body humming with tension. “Why else would they have escaped the hospital? A relatively safe space, medical care for their injuries, they’d only leave if they had a job to finish,” he said, raising an eyebrow at John.
John cleared his throat. “Classified… so who was the victim?”
Sherlock felt a hand on his arm and saw John, looking tired but determined, nodding at him. “Let me try,” he said quietly.
“I could just get it over with and throw you in with the lot in the garden,” Norbury scoffed. “But Mr Moran offered me a sizable reward for you, Mr Holmes, and I know some people who are very interested in seeing the remainder of AGRA out of business. Fine by me, I can always use a bit of small change for bingo,” she added with an arrogant head-tilt. And with that, Norbury slammed the door in their faces and locked it behind them. She switched off the lights in the cellar, plunging them into darkness.
“The lanky one in the purple shirt?
Mycroft had, by now, deduced all that he needed to know to make his final decision on the matter. He reached into his leather attaché case and pulled out a file labelled
The building was not huge, but a decent size considering it only contained one retired couple. It was neat and robust looking; Christmas lights had been strung up over the door and around a small fir tree in the front garden. Morning fog still curled around the plants and fences, making the orange glow coming from the windows look even more inviting.
“Yes, ‘m fine,” John mumbled, looking at Sherlock’s hand on his arm.
“Shouldn’t we wait for either Helen or her mother?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. Mycroft wouldn’t help us break into MI5. But he also wouldn’t give me access to the information I need, so here we are.”
The sight that greeted him made one side of his mouth twitch upwards and he felt his whole body soften. John was sitting up on the couch, his lap covered in the rumpled blanket. He began stretching. His shirt hitched up over his hips just enough that Sherlock got a brief glimpse of his skin. John looked, well, a bit of a mess. His hair was sticking in all kinds of directions, his face was tired… but in that moment Sherlock remembered some of the things he’d said last night, remembered sleeping there next to him. John looked absolutely
John took a breath and swallowed. Sherlock never looked at him like that. Or perhaps he did, but John had only ever seen it out of the corner of his eyes. He frowned and Sherlock glanced away.
What would happen if Sherlock scoffed at him for even thinking it? For believing for one second that Sherlock would give in to something he considered a defect of his transport’s chemical makeup? What would happen if Sherlock had changed his mind about transport and decided to give in, after all? The problem here was that John was quite an imaginative man, and both options presented themselves plausibly to his mind.
Sherlock scoffed. “You’re a freelancer, Mary. You always will be.”
Anthea snuck into the room and grabbed the remote to switch the channel. And suddenly, Mycroft understood. A news reporter was announcing that they were currently in contact with a source who had not only seen the
An hour later, in her lunch break, John and Sarah were sitting by the kitchen table, each with some coffee and biscuits (thanks to Mrs. Hudson). The table was mercifully clean (thanks to Sherlock’s burst of madness) and John studied the surface, avoiding Sarah’s probing look.
“Uh,” John finally said. Sherlock didn’t react, just kept on exploring John’s increasingly befuddled expressions. He noted a faint blush creeping into John’s cheeks, which made him instantly look more alive and well. A certain strain belied John’s urge to look away, but for some reason he didn’t.
John’s breathing calmed a little. “I understand,” he said after a moment. His voice was still rough from sleep, but it hitched a little in his throat, higher than usual. “But—I need to see him.”
“Ah yes, I saw the order for the suit. The surveillance is a bit too grainy to see but I trust it fits?”
“Careful,” John winced as Sherlock gathered Mary in his arms. She moaned, but John knew they had to get away, as much as that would aggravate her wounds.
John looked up. “Right,” he said, but then he pursed his lips. Sherlock waited. “Um… what are you actually working on? Can I help?”
Mycroft took it all in without moving a muscle.
Thankfully, the small wooded area was not deep. After a good fifteen minutes of meandering, they reached the edge of the trees, looking out over a much smoother field than the one they’d left. Somebody’s front lawn, to be precise.
He remembered that he had been holding the key in the lock to the Mind Palace, so he quickly let the key fall, and forced the doors wide open. He needed every resource at his disposal. First, he reminded himself not to play the hero. Of course, he could solve this on his own, but he took no chances when he came to John. He pulled out his phone.
He tested a few more stones to verify, and they all matched. That was a good sign. He quickly opened two new tabs. First, he ran a query for all flight records from Japan to London in the past few days, and then an Interpol log of all known Japanese citizens with an international criminal record. The query ran slowly, the timer on the screen ticked by. The computer did not seem to understand the urgency of the results. John’s mind began to wander.
The man turned to face him, but kept his gun pointed at Sherlock. “Why should I?” he sneered.
“I-I don’t know! But I swear on my life he was there only moments ago,” the other one responded.
“My dear doctor, I’m very glad you did.” Sherlock stared into the depths of John’s eyes, taking in every detail of John’s reaction.
“Yes, please. You know how I hate being a patient in the hospital. This feels wrong to me.” John grimaced. He prided himself on being fairly self-sufficient in all medical needs.
“That’s the opposite direction!” He exclaimed.
“Open your eyes, you idiot, I know you’re faking it so I’ll keep saying nice things to you.” He snapped, back to sounding like his usual self.
“Who is his next of kin?” The nurse asked him.
Sherlock jumped down into the cell below, but John did not open his eyes. His breathing was shallow, and his pulse was slow and weak, but he was not too late.
The room spun and threatened to flip over. John’s mind flashed back to when he was kidnapped by Moriarty, only a few months ago. And now this. John’s legs shook as he tried to investigate the lab around him.
“That’s way on the other side of town, sir-” He began.
Lestrade stifled a laugh in an attempt to remain professional. “I know that, but I meant what happened regarding the case? Your kidnapper? You had information regarding the smuggling? What else happened in there?” he pressed further.
The real world snapped into reality. He was suddenly aware of the hard floor beneath him, and bright lights above him. He was still at Sherrinford.
“Yes, John.” He smiled. And then John’s lips were on his. It was bliss. Just yesterday he had considered ignoring everything they had said in Sherrinford and putting everything back to normal. Well, normal for them, at least. This would absolutely be their new normal. Sherlock would make sure of that.
That likely meant that John didn’t have much longer unless he located him fast. Fast acting poisons and the heist were likely more connected than he realized. He couldn’t save everyone. That was always the point, but he had made his choice.
“Good,” Eurus continued. “You have the choice to kill either Mycroft or John. Your choice!” She said cheerily. “Once one of them is dead, you can move on.”
“Get in the tub, you nutter,” he said good naturedly. “There will be time for that later once you’re cleaned up and sober.”
Sherlock’s moment of wisdom seemed to have passed. He grinned that sloppy smile as he grabbed onto John’s arms in a half-assed attempt to get to his feet. “Jooohhhn.”
“No, I’m getting you out of here. Can you stand?”
Sherlock’s eyes flew to the trap door. “Mycroft’s breached her cell. Now or never.”
“I was worried sick about you, I needed everything functioning at top speed. What did you expect? Come with me.” Not waiting for a response, Sherlock leapt out of the bed, and pulled John with him. When he first entered the room, he noticed a bathroom with a small shower stall.
“Of course we shouldn’t, that’s obvious, but we will. I saw fourteen million possibilities of how today could have ended, not all of them pleasant. I won’t take one more minute with you for granted.”
Sherlock intertwined his fingers with John’s.
Sherlock fought to center himself, running down an internal checklist. He appeared to be alive, at least, certainly there’s no way his consciousness could carry on after death. Mycroft was the one that was dead. Mycroft! The faint light above him quickly came crashing down. Eurus. The bomb. The gun. Sherlock’s own finger on the trigger.
Sherlock wordlessly handed it over.
He turned away from John for a moment to scan the nurse up and down. He smirked knowingly, and Greg put his face in his hands and groaned.
“Would you relax, please, love?” John muttered. “We just wrapped a case yesterday, it’ll likely be a little while until we hear from Lestrade again. Try to see the good in the world around you.”
“She certainly could have the knowledge to do what you describe. She wasn’t just hired to type, you know.” She shifted uncomfortably in her seat.
There was no more awkwardness, both of them settling into their new closeness surprisingly well, their bodies fitting together perfectly, and Sherlock was shocked to find that he felt more human and more himself than he ever had before. John managed to produce sensations and sounds and shivers in him that he wouldn’t have admitted to anyone, and he really must have been blind not to have deduced John’s capability to reduce him to absolute gibberish just from looking at him. It was an amazing discovery and it made him feel safe and right, and he agreed that he must have been a
Sherlock shifted a little and pulled his arms tighter around him, making sure to keep the pressure on the wound. John pulled up his injured arm, resting his palm on Sherlock’s chest. The skin felt soft and warm, despite their involuntary bath. The wind was drying them both, and even though it was cold, it was better than being
Sherlock frowned. “Knows what?”
“Have you talked, at all?” she asked, still in that same very careful tone. Sherlock really didn’t want to talk about John, but at the same time, if there was anyone to talk to about this, it was Mrs Hudson.
“What?” John suddenly felt rather like a child, left out of a conversation that was happening partly in his parents’ heads. He was reminded suddenly of Moriarty of all people, and of Irene; the way they spoke about him as if he wasn’t even there. It made anger boil in his stomach and he clenched a fist.
John took another sip of his drink. “Is that the kind of thing you imagine,” he said quickly into his glass, his voice dropping lower. Sherlock felt a pleasant jolt to his chest. Oh, this was going to be an interesting evening.
John swallowed and suddenly realised what she meant and why they needed to have this conversation. “I think you’re pretty great, too,” he said, slowly. “In fact, I keep reminding myself how perfect you are, Mary.”
Sherlock gave him one of those personal smiles again. “Good, you’re awake.” He rested a hand on John’s legs. “I found something.”
Mycroft was silent for a moment. He’d never seen his brother in this kind of mood before. Usually, Sherlock complicated most of the actual conversations they had with untoward snide remarks and insults. To hear him actually talk honestly about something like this was fairly out of the ordinary. He waited for his brother to continue.
John had the good grace to laugh again. “You mean how she used to be some kind of secret assassin and lied to me about her identity this whole time? I mean, I can put up with a lot, but that’s pushing it, Sherlock.”
“Cor blimey,” Lestrade said, glancing between Sherlock and his brother.
“I had them under surveillance, of course,” the other man went on, glancing at his brother’s entangled form. “There have been... certain indications, but to be perfectly honest I thought my brother was too busy being... himself, for it to ever amount to anything.”
However, something tugged at his chest at that thought. He glanced down at his sleeping friend. It was very comfortable and familiar, sleeping next to him. The feeling of breath breezing gently through his hair, John’s smell, the rising and falling of his chest... that felt nice. He’d always observed other couples and assumed that having to be so close to someone else would be tedious in the extreme. Annoying, restricting, like being tied to a leash. But right now, he felt only lightness and a strange sensation of pleasure worth indulging in. Sherlock usually indulged if he found something he liked. And he did like John Watson.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, picturing the scene. Young John, a gym hall, one of those odious balls… “Doing what?” he inquired, cocking his head to one side.
John quickly wiped a hand down his face and over his eyes to steady himself. His medical mind kicked in fully now and he leaned over Sherlock, tilting his head back on the tiled floor. He lowered his lips to the silent body, one hand holding his nose, the other to his slackened jaw.
. And yet it had been too brief. He just
“You,” he admitted simply, looking bemused, one eyebrow raised quizzically. “I didn’t know—“ he stopped, then tried again. “Something is different now. I didn’t anticipate that your mere presence could suddenly make me—” he trailed off, releasing a somewhat unsteady breath through his nostrils. His eyes searched John’s.
!” John breathed. “Sherlock, I—“ John didn’t know what to say. Was it just that? He took a deep breath. He wanted to say
.” He said it with such conviction that John’s heart beat faster still.
John laughed. It was rare to actually surprise Sherlock with something. “No, because you’re usually so busy showing off yourself, you arrogant sod,” he teased.
It was the thirtieth of December and John and Sherlock were finally home. Mary was back at her flat as well, and she’d assured John that she’d call the minute she needed help with anything.
“Yeah, yeah, that’s been great, it’s been really good.”
As soon as the words are out of John’s mouth, Sherlock rolls over and slithers out from under him, pops to his feet and begins divesting himself of his clothing with impressive speed. John just rolls back onto the bed as his laughter takes him, watching Sherlock’s impromptu striptease through the happy tears that settle along his lower eyelids.
“No, no, I can handle it. As you’ve said, we both have rather early calls tomorrow morning.”
“Are you?”
Sherlock ceded the point with a frown while Lestrade tested the viscosity between his fingers. “Yeah, this is… can’t really put my finger on it, it’s… doesn’t feel quite right, does it?”
Molly shrugs, minutely, and pulls him towards the door. “I don’t know, being friendly towards one another.”
“Honest to god, you impatient-”
“Careful,” John warns.
“Rather graphic,” Sherlock said with a laugh and noted that he too felt that way; the pills were finally taking the edge off, however, and a lovely swell of warmth was taking over his body. “Though the Vicodin is beginning to help considerably. Brilliant stuff.”
He’d won.
Sherlock swallows against the strange lump that’s risen to his throat and is immediately sent into a coughing fit from the toothpaste there. Rinsing his mouth quickly, he takes his mobile back to bed and sits atop the mattress, cross-legged.
It’s almost impossible to speak through the laughter that overtakes him suddenly, “Stop! Stop, you… maniac! If you don’t stop moving, I can’t get you naked!”
“Christ-he is a
“Any?” Sherlock asks, and it sounds more like an actual question, hopeful and terrifically sad.
John smiles, looks at the wall just over Sherlock’s shoulder and licks his lips. “Because it’s lunch time? And I can get you back for the coffee.” John waits patiently before Sherlock, never taking his eyes off of Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock watched his eyes shift, watched John bite at his lip and smear a bit of foam down the side of his glass. It was coming, the generic goodbye, the uncomfortable severing of eye contact.
“Still have that scotch from what’s his name after you solved the… zoo… thing?”
“Are you angling to get off with one of the ice dancers?”
Realizing it’s been a bit since Sherlock left, John does his best to shuck himself of his clothes while being very mindful of the state of his back. His trousers give him the most trouble, but he manages with a few grunts and curses.
It’s past noon and there’s nothing more to do; the rest of his day stretches out blank and empty in his mind and he’s struck with a pang of terror. His therapist visits have presented him with an awful possibility, have unearthed a truly terrible scenario: what if the rest of his days are just this, this bleak existence?
They begin walking again.
Pulling back, Sherlock spit and then used two fingers to work against the wetness, slicking it over his hole without any real pressure. John’s body twitched and Sherlock took that moment to press the pad of his index finger inside, curling the tip just so, letting John acclimate to the stretch.
“Yes,” Sherlock growls, “of course.”
“Daughter is studying abroad in America,” Lestrade says, dubiously, tapping a pen to his lips.
Sherlock turned and met his gaze head on, looked down his nose at the shorter man, who was so close that if Sherlock had bent just a fraction, his nose would have rested against Moriarty’s. They stared at one another, neither speaking, neither moving, as they tried to suss each other out. Sherlock’s eyes were cold and hard, but Moriarty’s held a glint, something maniacal and dark that made Sherlock wonder.
He swallows thickly, feels very, very small and awkward as he sends back,
“Yes. It could have,” Sherlock whispered and stared up at John in wonder. His eyes flickered briefly to Greg, who’d tipped his head back against the wall and closed his eyes.
for it! It really is quite something, a bit unstable sure but… ”
: 9.5 centimeters across.
John chuckled, but didn’t recoil. Sherlock hated him for it, hated him for pressing, for not just giving in and brushing Sherlock off as a lost cause. He hated that he didn’t particularly wish to be left alone by him, that he inexplicably wanted John to know every last thing about him.
“They know my order.”
“Sure, but there wasn’t the prospect of me taking you home afterward,” John jokes, realizing a moment too late that perhaps he should skirt the issue of sex for a bit, let them get accustomed to everything that’s been said.
John can’t figure out what to do with his entire body, so he blindly reaches for his drink and takes a pull. He swallows too quickly, nearly chokes, and flushes at that, as well. “Oh, alright, I… nevermind, I—“
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and he hesitated, glanced down at John’s hand, then back up at his eyes. “Sherlock Holmes.” He fit his palm against the other man’s and was greeted with a strong grip and sure shake. Sherlock inspected John’s wrist and arm, the forearm was clearly well-muscled but hidden beneath dark gray wool. His hand was tan below the wrist, weathered and cracked; interesting.
“I’m sorry, he’s been sent for cremation by the family, otherwise I would have…” She shrugs, and wheels a gurney back towards the refrigeration bay.
His hits the ‘Send’ button with an exaggerated stab of his finger on the track pad, and then he waits.
“Yes,” Sherlock hisses. He twists his wrist, reaches further and massages John until he dips just inside. “Just want to feel you.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock breathes again, more urgently, and that sets him off. The force of it startles him, and his hips buck twice and he’s coming, warmth spreading across Sherlock’s wrist and hand, John’s own stomach. White light fizzles behind his closed eyelids and he bears down, grits his teeth as the orgasm takes his body, thrashing it.
, you see.”
Sherlock fell into his body, deep and dark and cold and then came back to consciousness--like resurfacing from the deep, bubbling up--blinking his eyes open, sure that Moran was about to send him spiralling into darkness permanently.
Greg laughed and pulled him into a hug which a stiff Sherlock barely returned, rigid in his arms, though he did manage a weak pat on the back. “Sight for sore eyes you are. Still a hopeless arsehole.”
Sherlock shook his head in the crook of John’s neck. “Whatever you’re about to say, don’t. Just… come away with me for a week.”
“And were spotted out at a pub the evening previous? Are you
“If we’re caught,” John began carefully and paused midway through. “If
There’s a hum against his skin, reverberating through his backside, and John manages to slide his tongue against Sherlock’s rim as he strokes Sherlock inside. Knees slip wider and his hands reach for purchase, finding it in the plush comforter. He can’t help it, he rocks back into John’s mouth and John tugs him back, encouraging.
“Good,” Sherlock said and bounced over onto his stomach, shifting so that his chin was perched in the cup of his palm, lips pulling back to reveal a delighted, dark grin. “I like that you like danger.”
He gestured down at Sherlock’s knees with a little flick of his wrist. “Oh dear, are we falling apart?” he sneered, mock gasping.
Next to all the names were amounts of money, ranging from five-thousand dollars at the low end to nearly seventy-thousand at the high. At first glance it seemed rather rudimentary; Moran - and likely Moriarty - were selling what was in these jars to the athletes listed. Sherlock momentarily felt let down, thought that this couldn’t have been possibly this simple, but after taking Moran’s obvious lack of intellect into consideration, he wasn’t surprised. Of course the man didn’t have a more secure way of keeping track of his information - he was a neanderthal.
Sherlock closes his eyes, tries to settle down, turns his thoughts back to the morgue technician and muses on how much easier it would be if he could simply flirt his way out of the situation, like he does with Molly.
There was a beat when Sherlock wasn’t sure he’d said the right thing; John’s eyes narrowed and he gazed questioningly across the expanse of table. Sherlock held his breath, couldn’t help watching as John’s tongue peeked out at the side of his mouth.“Is it? Brilliant? Angelo’s?” John was resting his hands flat on the table and Sherlock wanted to surge across the table and rest his mouth on the man’s knuckles.
Sherlock’s nose just brushed John’s jawline and he watched on as John’s Adam’s apple bobbed with the force of his swallow. “Sure that’s what you want?” And Sherlock could feel the reverberations of the words against his lips. “Just FYI, you won’t be rid of me easily if you take me to bed.”
Settling against his pillow, he fell into a light sleep and didn’t wake until there was insistent knocking at his door.
He maneuvers up the bed so that he’s level with Sherlock, and presses his lips to Sherlock’s cheek, just by his ear. “You feel marvelous,” he whispers and Sherlock answers in a breathy laugh, his hips rising to meet John on the downstroke. Every movement feels carefully planned, and entirely spontaneous, John taking himself by surprise.
John rested his hand on Sherlock’s knee and took a long pull from his glass before setting it down and turning his attention to his left. He watched Sherlock for a moment, while Sherlock took a few hasty sips of his own wine. John’s right cheek jumped in a smile and Sherlock took another gulp of the alcohol, suddenly overcome with a bit of nerves.
One side of Sherlock’s mouth curled up in an amused and pleased smile. “And you invaded Afghanistan.”
John sends back, realizes how ludicrous his response is and cringes. He hasn’t looked at the image fully yet but he does now, leaning closer to his screen to get a better angle.
He was in the middle of taking off his gloves when Lestrade found him once again and sat beside him, both of them quiet despite the clamor of the crowd as the Austrian finished. “You say what I think you said?” Greg asked, picking at the skin around his thumb, looking off into the distance.
“Not your fault,” John says quickly.
: Are none of you able to estimate an amount of time? This is time sensitive.
“Hmmm.” It’s the only way John can respond, his mind too full with everything to form a coherent sentence. He can feel Sherlock’s gaze on him for a moment, but doesn’t dare engage, knows that everything he’s feeling is written all over his damned face.
KRASNAYA POLYANA, Russia -- Firmly establishing himself as the man to beat, Sherlock Holmes was fastest Saturday in the final Olympic downhill training run. Holmes finished in 2 minutes, 6.09 seconds, three days before the first medal race on the Alpine schedule. The 36-year-old Brit also turned in the top time in Thursday's opening training session. Coming in a narrow second was the British-born Swiss racer James Moriarty.
Sherlock’s eyes grin before his mouth is let in on the secret. His face does a lovely little scrunch and then cracks open on pure delight. “Through here,” Sherlock gestures, oddly formal, into a room that’s so bathed in light that it’s nearly blinding.
“So don’t dodge them, don’t… don’t talk to anyone. We’ll…” John sighed and closed his own eyes briefly. “We’ll figure it all out afterward,” he assured, even as Sherlock rested back on his heels, pulling away.
Sherlock shelved his serious thoughts for later. “Alright.”
Their perusal of the case reveals nothing solid or illuminating, but does serve to update them on the nuances and circumstances related to the first death. Sherlock has pages of scribbled notes and John makes photocopies of several items of interest. When they leave the constabulary, it’s rapidly approaching dusk and a chilly wind has kicked up, doing nothing to deter the throngs of people wandering the town.
The tips of Sherlock’s fingers hovered over the glossy surface as he stooped to inspect Molly’s handiwork. They looked perfect to his eye, but it was how they reacted when they hit the snow that mattered. If the run went well, Molly would know to prepare his equipment just as she had today. “Well done,” he said, eyes still on the skis and loathe to pull away.
He peeled open his eyes and looked at his visage from around the bridge of his nose; this was hopeless. He needed to do his best not to seek out John again, unconscious of it or not. He wasn’t sure exactly how friends acted towards one another, especially not this early in a relationship, but he had a sinking suspicion that this was not it.
Sherlock sank until his neck was resting against the lip of the tub, stretching his arms out along either side; he closed his eyes on a pleased sigh, the tension and soreness draining from his limbs. He knew he should relax, get himself back into a placid state of mind, but he couldn’t help thinking about Moriarty.
“That I bathe.”
The man presses on, “You came out after the last Games, tell us, how has that affected your life in skiing,” shoving his microphone directly into Sherlock’s space.
“Excuse me?” Lestrade said, “and what if I’m busy?”
“Then, John, I think you know me just about as well, if not better, than most people.”
Sherlock shimmies his arse further back. “Hardly.”
“Damn,” Sherlock says under his breath and the dog gives a gentle “Ruff,” detours over to a tree and does his business. Sherlock cleans it up with a clinical detachment, distracted by hopes that John5NF looks more like the first or second version he’s dreamed up rather than the third.
For a moment, John watches the back of Sherlock’s head, decides upon adjectives, descriptive language he might use to capture the ethereal nature of Sherlock Holmes. Taking a sip of the fine scotch, he leans forward and heaves a bundle of newspapers into his lap, beginning to sort through them. Pausing periodically as he unearths new memories, he takes a few pulls of his drink, letting the warmth diffuse in his belly and the bite of the alcohol open up his nasal airways.
John returns home, out of breath and giddy on adrenaline. He falls against the door to his flat once it’s closed and finds that he’s giggling under his breath. Being in Sherlock’s presence, watching him work, being able to lend his opinion on what happened to the body had been… invigorating.
“Oh. That’s…”
Sherlock watches him settle himself and once he’s got his pillow punched into near-perfect softness, John stills.
Sherlock felt himself seize up, could feel his nostrils flaring even though he did his best to remain unaffected. How did Moriarty know about dinner with John and what did he plan on doing with the information? His mind ran through the possibilities and there were many. He could have had someone spying on Sherlock’s hotel room in the flesh - likely that hulking oaf of an assistant - or had someone stationed far away with a long-range lens. There was security footage of the hotel and the hallway of course and the lobby’s personnel was lax, so there was no ruling out he’d seen John arriving and leaving.
The voice on the other end was paced and clear and decidedly mocking. Doing the math quickly, he realized it was rather late in London and could only imagine the level of importance of whatever information Mycroft wanted to relay. “And what a pleasure it is to hear
“I,” Sherlock sighed in response, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Yes, yes I am.”
“Try and tell me you got this house with that tub and didn’t think I’d make you get in with me.”
“We’ve earned a lie-in tomorrow, or, even if we haven’t, I intend to have a lie-in anyway.” Awkwardness seeps into the moment. They are standing so close to one another with no idea what to do, until John reminds himself that there are no rules to follow. He doesn’t have to live up to anyone’s expectations but his own.
He was in the middle of weighing the pros and cons when he felt something touch his foot. He didn’t bother to open his eyes until a moment later when he felt someone distinctly
“What’s say we get through lunch and see where we are?” Just then the waitress comes and John places his order, three rolls and a bit of edamame, something he can’t help ordering when it’s on the menu.
They spend their first evening reunited on the sitting room floor, Sherlock apologizing for his absence in profuse belly rubs and rawhide treats. By the time evening rolls around, Sherlock has taken Redbeard for two walks and one two mile run on which he encountered five individual women and one man who tried to pick him up by engaging him in conversation about Redbeard, and is entirely done with human interaction for the day.
He also uses the opportunity to wrestle his phone from his pocket and check his email to ensure that he hasn’t received a message from Guest.
A growl of a laugh in John’s throat and he ducks in, secures his teeth carefully around a nipple, teases.
John hums, his thumbs hooking just into the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, against his back. “Doesn’t have to be hard, just has to be acknowledged. I think.”
date or whatever…”
The departure gate was a sea of dark navy blue, some passengers ensconced in parkas, others in thinner, neoprene warm-up jackets. All of the outerwear boasted the Union Jack; emblazoned on the breast and sleeve respectively were the five Olympic rings.
to share this moment with John, more than anyone else. He wanted to spend every moment afterward with John Watson. He was
There’s nothing to hide now; he feels wonderfully flayed, open and free. The realization of their mutual, devastating feelings for one another so real and tacit.
at it,” came the accusation. “It still doesn’t make sense to me, you were obviously in my rooms. Why you didn’t take the ledger then and there is so far beyond me.”
“So, you don’t have friends.” It was sudden, out of the blue and said conversationally, as though to be passed as aloof and not prying - but Sherlock saw through the facade. Perhaps he had been right about John at first blush, it had just taken John longer to get here, to the place where he was critical and offput about the “oddities” of Sherlock Holmes.
Molly blinks up at John, waiting patiently for him to finish his thought but he never does.
“You’re back from the war and you want to collect your pension, and to get your pension you have to do the prescribed course of treatment set out by the army once being discharged, of course you have a therapist.” Sherlock shrugs and rounds the body, peeking down at the hair on the dead man’s head. “You’ll have, hm… a small bedsit, somewhere that’s cheap but not far from Barts. You are…” Sherlock glances at him, “Not an only child and, ah, yes, single.”
A hand appeared at his right, his sunglasses on offer and he snatched them up, sliding them onto his face without bothering to see who’d brought them. He sifted fingers through his hair, plastered a patient smile on his face and leaned in to hear the next question.
Greg pressed the issue. “He’s buying you a drink.”
“Hah,” Sherlock’s eyes peeled open and he moved his hands from John’s hips to his shoulders, pushing him away. “Get undressed and get in my bed
John leaves, not bothering to finish his cappuccino, fisting his hands deep into the pockets of his coat and resolves to walk home, head bent down against the wind.
He sends that off, feeling better for having admitted that he feels remorse at his words and actions and turns off the sound on his phone before placing it face down on at the side of his bed.
Asking about the alcohol would have been John’s first question, and he’s impressed that Guest has thought to rule that out.
“Really?”
John chose that moment to reappear, holding three glasses in a triangle formation as he wove through the crowd, doing his very best not to spill them. “Right Molly said this one’s on her, Greg, and Sherlock, your vodka soda.”
Sherlock licked his lips and considered insulting the as yet faceless man, eventually deciding against it. “There are other seats,” Sherlock said coolly, but not as impolitely as he might have, without opening his eyes, crossing his arms tighter against his chest in silent defiance. He mentally tallied the number of seats on the flight and the number of people aboard and found that yes, there actually
“Because… well, isn’t that what people do?” Sherlock is becoming agitated, but John waits it out. “Anniversaries?”
Sherlock stood, his dressing gown flowing off the stool behind him. Taking a hold of John’s biceps, he stepped into his space. Voice dipped low and imploring, he said, “Come with me.”
He makes it to the morgue just before Molly generally leaves for lunch, the confusion of desires in his head putting him in a foul mood.
“Sounds irresponsible,” Sherlock tried, hopefully.
John’s eyes narrow suspiciously at him and he crosses his arms over his chest, a stance that Sherlock almost smiles outwardly at, so standoffish. “Why?”
The final for the alpine downhill was in three days, and he and Moriarty would no doubt be the top qualifiers in the race. That didn’t give him much time to concoct many viable avenues of attack, and his newfound responsibility of providing the officials with a burden of proof they couldn’t ignore would certainly impinge on his generally tidy and focused state of mind.
John pursed his lips and rested his hands around Sherlock’s neck, a sweet, warm weight. It was a long moment before he spoke. “You’re going to try and ski, aren’t you?”
John had snorted, “Still could do, but
Two buttons on Sherlock’s shirt had been undone but John had made no move to go any further. Sherlock was grateful for this; this seemed like something he should take his time with and tend to. As much as his obvious arousal made his desire plain, he wanted to do this thing with him and John
“Haven’t done this in awhile,” John said as he dipped and dropped and affectionate kiss on Sherlock’s mouth, wriggling a hand between them to grip Sherlock and hold him steady at his entrance.
“You don’t have friends,” she mocked.
“You did.”
“All of it, all of me,” John spoke the words like he was testing them on his tongue, a little skeptically.
Sherlock has already folded back the duvet, and stands aside for John to look his fill. “Preferred side?” Sherlock asks, rather formally, and John shrugs. “I find that I sleep best on the far side; will the light from the loo bother you?”
“Alright Mol, alright,” Greg appeared and tucked her into his chest. “She’s had a few. Took you long enough to get here!”
“And don’t call him ‘some doctor fellow,’ I know you’ve done your research on him, so come off it.” Sherlock struggled onto his back, dragging a hand down over his face as his vision acclimated to the darkness. “And he’s a medic for the ski team, it’s not completely out of the realm of possibility that he’d be out with a member
“You bought me coffee?” She asks, happily. “Why?”
John turns to look at him fully, brows raised in surprise. “Sushi fan, then?”
Sherlock chuckled, stretched and spread his free hand over the small of John’s back. “Then just listen. You like my flat, this flat. And… you live too far away. Live here.”
His vest is folded and his jumper hung neatly in the closet; his jeans come next, slung over a wooden hanger and placed next to his other trousers. He stands in his pants for just a brief moment, and then he shucks those too, climbing into his sleep clothes with care. He glances in the small stand mirror atop his dresser and brushes his hair, regarding his appearance briefly before shutting the light and descending.
“Proper bed, now,” John points out, as though the tail end of a wonderful thought, a little bubble of giddiness floating the last of the sentence to Sherlock’s ears.
“Oh,” Moriarty sighed, pressing his hands together and bringing them to his mouth. “But I am. You two, the pair of you, you made it so
