Sherlock swallowed and shoved his different beauty products in the corner of the bathroom counter, leaving it for later, far too distracted to think about cleaning it all up now, and raced out and into the hall, sprinting around the corner and facing the front door, where he quickly meandered over to the living room coffee table to grab his house keys. His uncle surely wouldn’t be home till late.
The clothes he was given to wear to the reaping were ridiculous. They were itchy, and plain, and painfully dull, and he hated Mycroft for laying them out for him.
Within an instant, John was heaving himself forward and slamming a still grinning Sebastian Wilkes into the lockers where Sherlock had been only moments ago, and the brunette watched from the ground, nerves sending his body into a tremble as he witnessed the rage burning brightly behind the rugby captain’s eyes. John placed one hand onto Sebastian’s chest and the other curled into a pointed gesture, one finger jabbing viciously into the bully’s amused mug.
, uttered simply and lowly beneath Sherlock’s breath, hoarse and delicate, as though his innermost emotions had leaked out somehow through that one word, that title, that name.
John quirked a smile, as those charmed by Sherlock’s bashful expression, and lifted a brow, waiting patiently for him to finish.
Molly smiled further and then peered over at Sherlock, whose expression was unreadable, a mask forcing his true emotion, his desire for such a reality, into secrecy. She stared for a while, before the smile slipped from her face and morphed into a strangely apologetic expression, eyes growing wide as they fixated on Sherlock's own.
John frowned and lifted his head, storing their conversation in the back of his mind and watching as the three of them strode over to go about grabbing their own things, Wilkes meeting his eyes briefly to smirk, before ignoring him once more. He felt Greg tense beside him, noticed how quickly he was tugging on his gear, clearly eager to get out of the room, and, frankly, John didn’t blame him. The rugby captain stood tall, however, throwing the rest of his kit on and slamming his locker door shut, turning slowly to pat at Greg’s shoulder, the silver haired boy glancing his way and nodding. They turned to leave, keeping their eyes away from their other team members, and John found he was fully prepared to never have to speak to Wilkes again — but the moment was short-lived, and within an instant he heard that deep, wolfish voice beckon from behind him.
“The only one aside from my brother,” Sherlock admitted, because what was the point in hiding things now? John knew. John knew and there was no going back and Sherlock hated that his heart was happy he’d shared his biggest secret with the boy he loved; and yet his mind was berating his entire being for being so careless.
“Look,” Victor huffed, glancing at him as he slung the black bag over his shoulder, mask in place, unaffected and entirely blank faced, features flat and twitching without effort, “I wish it could be different but right now, I just can’t.”
John bent down slightly, expertly holding his lunch in one hand, and grabbed Sherlock’s pen, holding it out for the curly-haired boy with a charming smile, of whom slowly took it, shyly swallowing and shoving it into the black backpack by his feet.
“I mean, I’ve always considered it,” Molly began as they both headed towards their lockers, “but I don't know, it seemed too surreal, you know?”
Sherlock merely scowled and glanced down at his pastry, merely half of it left, awaiting his rumbling stomach. But he’d lost his appetite.
He was in a small coffee shop near Baker when it happened. The cup of coffee in his hands - black, two sugars - was slammed against the table within a matter of seconds, and his hands were, instead, reaching for his mobile, fumbling aimlessly for his YouTube app and tapping its red, cubed layout.
“Probably best if we dry off,” John hummed to him, smile warm and gentle, “Kissing in the rain is a sure way of getting sick.”
Sherlock couldn’t contain the slight chuckle that slipped through, and he quickly brought a hand to his mouth, attempting to block out the wide smile that threatened to break his features as he listened to John’s own giggle emanate throughout the rest of the surrounding noise. When their amusement faded and silence took over, Sherlock mentally kicked himself, taking a deep breath and sitting up straighter in his seat at the small coffee shop booth.
Before he could get the words out, Molly was skipping up to them, eyes bright and smile wide, her voice bubbly and giggly and all-round so very happy, John was sure she’d explode any moment now.
John stood up, grabbing his tray of food and school bag and leaving the table, heading directly for that special booth tucked away in the back of the cafeteria where a special someone sat arched over the same, tattered notebook he seemed to always be scribbling in.
Lestrade had been by a few times as well, but after the very first day, when the news had broke and he’d seen a side of Sherlock he never imagined witnessing, he’d begun to hover uncomfortably. He never quite knew what to say or do, what to address or mention or bring up in conversation. Frankly, his visits consisted of him striding confidently into 221B, saying hello, asking how things were, receiving no response, placing cold case files on the dining room table and leaving the flat with a solemn, and no longer confident, goodbye.
“So, I have to settle for slop,” Molly chimed in, shaking her head in shame and lifting a spoonful of far-too-yellow macaroni and cheese into her mouth.
And then, Sherlock shrugged, effortlessly, as if he didn’t care, as if it didn’t matter, his shoulders rising and falling with practiced ease, and he lifted a hand to his curls, ruffling them about in an attempt to look casual — though John saw it as anxious. He chewed on the inside of his cheek as he waited for Sherlock to say something —
Sherlock strolled to the dance studio with a smile on his face. He couldn't remember the last time he’d smiled so much, in a literature class of all places. But John had done that - John had been, well. John had been lovely. More than lovely, John had been kind, and sweet, and amusing, and
“Why are you so determined to ruin everything for yourself?” Sherlock asked, running a frazzled and utterly irritated hand through his thick, brown curls.
Sherlock had whirled back around and titled his head, brows furrowed, eyes narrowed, lips drawn down in a pout, “It is not.”
“New boy, yeah?” The other boy stated softly, grinning down at where John slowly lifted his eyes, catching note of the entirety of the boy’s table watching him from afar.
is honestly my favorite youtuber to exist and he deserves all the best things in life don’t even @ me.
? All of it? All of those warm smiles and those gentle touches and those high-pitched amusing giggles simply because he wanted more? He couldn't, he
Sherlock groaned, his satchel wedged between the weight of a, noticeably, rather fit boy and his own unmovable figure, along with a sizable cardboard box, a slab of which looked like a Smiths record quite close to his face as it remained the last vinyl not to fall from the boy’s move-in boxes — a miracle really.
,’ sighing to himself and allowing his cold-faced features to break for a mere moment, giving way to a shy smile. Humble John. He didn’t realize the effect he had as a human being, as
,” His uncle spat, his hand still midway in the air, his eyes widened in irritation as he watched what he probably saw as his poor excuse of a nephew.
He carefully made his way past the more crowded tables, sauntering quickly to the back of the cafeteria, spotting an empty table beside a group of laughing boys, their trays half empty and their school bags gathered by their feet. He sat down, placing his food on the surface before him and watching the students beside him with discreet interest; they had the hands that weren’t holding forks full of food on playing cards, a pile on the table amidst them, of which they all seemed terribly entranced by, gawking wildly at who put down what. John frowned, shook his head in amusement and made to turn away, but not before catching the eye of a dark-haired boy, a bright smile welcoming him as their gazes clashed. He quickly looked back down at his food and winced a bit to himself as the boy in his peripheral vision got to his feet, cards still held tight in his fingers as he approached John’s lonely table with ease.
And from that moment, Sherlock never had another problem with bullies, or moronic arseholes. His mother, of course, had gone berserk upon seeing his bruised face, but Sherlock had just told her it was a Peacekeeper that caught him stealing a loaf of bread. At least that way, he would seem heroic – attempting to acquire food for the family. Mycroft saw straight through him though, but, as it turned out, that was a good thing, because, in the end, it was he that persuaded his mother to keep the dog.
“I have class,” Sherlock pressed, eager to have a moment to breathe, a moment on his own, a moment to gather himself, back sore from the rough edges of the bookshelf, heart aching with further evidence of Victor’s obvious shame.
“No, Sherlock,” His brother started and suddenly there was a hand on the collar of Sherlock’s shirt, yanking him forward, roughly and forcefully, “I, of all people, believe that you have a chance. You just need to get your bloody head out of your arse.”
until the song came to an end, fading out to play another, a newer and far more current track that John didn’t know, and when he pulled along the side of the road to park in front of the small diner, he glanced over at Sherlock and positively praised himself for the grin that still remained there on his features — John sincerely hoped it was ever-lasting.
As if she could read his mind, Molly piped up, “You and John seemed comfortable on the dance floor.”
I lost my best friend in the past few weeks, and it has been incredibly hard for me to carry on without her.
Sebastian Moran rolled his eyes in frustration and, exasperated, began to explain. “The American term for arse?” He stated, and then simply continued when John appeared even more perplexed, “‘Ass?’
Then, Sherlock’s heart stopped, as John turned fully around in his chair, eyes falling directly onto Sherlock, still out of frame, his brows raised smugly as he chuckled to himself and bobbed his head to the side, “We have a marvelous Romeo in class, don’t we?”
“I'm fine,” he answered, opening his eyes and spotting John, close, gazing at him with worried features, downturned and solemn, and Sherlock hated seeing John anything close to upset.
John H. Watson: Okay, but have you ever found yourself so deeply infatuated that you’re sorta at a loss of what to do about it so it just comes out in the weirdest ways, like when you look at a box of cereal or drink your favourite tea?
“Hello fags,” Wilkes’ voice shot up over Sholto’s ridiculous tale, as he slammed his tray of food down and smirked at the other boys sat before him.
He'd tried once. He'd grabbed his old, worn down, green backpack, shoved some bread and cheese into it, stalked out into the woods, snatched up his bow and arrow from its hiding place within the hollow of a fallen tree, and ran. He ran and didn't once look back; he just left – as quickly as a finger snap, he left.
“Something funny, Holmes?” His maths teacher asked, halfway through a lecture on quadratic equations.
The sight before him was positively mad — in a night he’d surpassed fifteen thousand subscribers and his Twitter, just a day old, had gained more than half of them in followers. It was pure insanity and he simply couldn’t comprehend why he was possibly so popular. He danced, he composed, but that was all — he wasn’t even a real human being, just an anonymous figure behind a screen and yet here he was with actual
Or worse: he'd say something he'd later regret, something cold and brutal and rude and deductive and John Watson would never look at him again apart from the occasional glare.
“Dance. Can I watch you dance one day?” John grinned, leaning forwards and setting his forearms on the table’s surface, intrigue and question in the creases and curves of his expression.
With a laugh, John nodded and touched onto the small icon at the bottom of the screen, opening up his camera and taking a quick picture of his shoes and the hall's pale, pink tiled floor, "Hey, at least I have practically everyone speculating that my rugby coach is the next Doctor."
Ah, and so it began — the judging conclusions, the glares, the questions, the concerns. Frankly, John didn’t want to deal with any of them. Whether they were genuine or simply itching for drama. John scoffed internally and held back an eye roll.
Before John could counter Wilkes’ words, the tall boy drew in closer, sticking his nose right into John’s face, his features twisting into an eerily friendly smile, all teeth and crinkled eyes, “I didn’t realize you were into
A moment of utter silence passed until John leaned back in his car seat and let loose a loud sigh, shaking his head and glancing out the driver’s side window, uttering softly, “You don’t deserve it.”
— my only friend. I suppose I was afraid of losing everything we had simply because I found myself with a crush.”
He’d done it. He’d just partaken in one of John’s videos, of which would be on John’s channel by the end of the day, of which everyone would be introduced to Sherlock Holmes — one of John’s
“You’ve got to be joking,” Sherlock pressed, brows raised in disbelief, but when his brother shook his head, they lowered in disappointment, “Honestly, Mycroft, you of all people should know better.”
, of course, remained unknown. He observed the shake of Sherlock’s head and then waited a moment, noting the way Sherlock’s hands shook even pressed against the heater once more.
. A coward — running from mere conversation. Though, in his defense, conversation with the boy he’d jump off a building for, the same boy who had looked at him and had tried his best to hide the pity behind those ocean eyes.
“Shut up, you,” John snapped softly before leaning the entirety of his weight against Sherlock’s side, so much so that Sherlock had to brace himself from falling off the other end of the chair.
He felt Sherlock huff out a short breath and swallow against his wrist where it pressed against his throat, and then heard the faint, hardly audible response, a barely perceptible
As he stepped inside, his eyes darted over each and every thing he could possibly take note of — the living room was warm and cozy in shades of red and coffee brown, picture frames lined the walls portraying smiling visages, four people stood close together, the faces of infants, a family pet, a man in army fatigues. The sofas and rugs were floral and vintage, decorative prints and designs, along with oak tables and intricately painted lamps; the dining table bore a long table cloth smattered with arbitrary pink daisies, the chairs tucked beneath it covered in soft cushions of rosy hues. Sherlock’s features softened at the look of it all, one long couch and a small recliner positioned before a moderately sized television, a arched, open doorway leading to the kitchen, counters in white and black, tiled and dotted with speckles of gray. It was a home, it was lived in, it was warm and safe and secure and it held dear a family that cared for it and one another — Sherlock’s heart twisted desperately with want.
He shut his eyes for a moment and floated away, away to a world where he held Sherlock’s hand as they drove to his flat, where he kissed him goodbye in the hallways before a lecture, where he passed love notes to him in class and left funny little messages in his locker that told the boy how smart he was, how clever. A little world where his father came home for the holidays and invited Sherlock round for dinner, told him how good he was for his son, told John how proud he was that he wasn’t ashamed to be himself. What a wonderful world that would be.
He quickly clicked record on his camcorder, tapped the play button on his phone, and moved to the middle of the studio.
Sherlock felt himself turn pink, and with a shy smile, he glanced down at the ground, his hair falling forwards, damp and wiry, clinging to his skin, and his dark clothing sticking to his body beneath it, sopping wet, and uncomfortably cold.
“Ocean eyes,” Sherlock whispered softly, more to himself rather than John, but the rugby captain heard the hushed words and glanced over, the very same warm smile on that perfectly sculpted, tan face.
“Sherlock, do you —“ He froze, staring at the curly haired brunette atop his navy duvet. Sherlock had his eyes shut, his features relaxed and weightless, unguarded, utterly at peace in a way John had never seen them before. His hands were folded around his pillow, tucked lightly beneath that head of chocolate curls, and his pale lips were parted slightly, little puffs of breath escaping and he dreamed on, legs tucked upwards and thighs close to his chest, thin frame looking small on the wide stretch of John’s mattress.
John stood, quick and sudden, and Sherlock narrowed his eyes, inching back a bit on the bed and watching the blonde boy curiously.
At John’s soft laugh and a huff of her own, she stepped aside and motioned for them to enter with the flick of her head, alien antennas bouncing from side to side at the movement.
John felt his cheeks redden at the statement and swallowed, shrugging to himself and placing a hand on the back of his neck. "I wanna," He began, sighing shyly, "I don't know, be his friend, I guess."
John gazed back at him, brows raised and eyes wide at the sentiment, his heart clenching at the words, and his lips lifting at their corners in utter, pure bliss.
It was Redbeard who greeted him first when he stumbled into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him, and tossing his tattered backpack onto his uncomfortably small cot. The Irish setter placed his paws on his knees and attempted to climb him like a tree as he struggled to stay balanced. He chuckled and smiled down at his best friend, the only one he had, and kneeled to his level, scratching beneath his chin and behind his ears. He'd found the dog at a young age, skinny and scrawny, bones revealing themselves in places they shouldn't, hungry and weak and a bag of molting fur. He had taken him in, cared for him, much to his family's disapproval, even applying for tesserae a few times to help ensure that the dog would eventually grow stronger, in secret of course. The setter had become family to him and he spent more time in Redbeard's company, than the company of his own kind.
” The high-pitched voice questioned from the small mobile in his hand, Molly’s smile practically audible in the tone of her words.
“Get going then, yeah?” John snapped teasingly, and his mates guffawed and shoved one another, making their way forwards, the blob of red jerseys making their way towards the rugby field where John could already hear the muffled sounds of a crowd moving in.
So, instead, glancing at the brunette who was oddly transfixed by the others cars slowly drawing beside them, John merely uttered out a delicate, “You know you can trust me, yeah?”
“What’s going on with you and Sherlock?” His friend whispered, his tone quiet and hushed, as though he didn’t want any passing classmates to hear specifically
He jolted awake from his thoughts as he felt John shift beside him, heart leaping about in his chest as he turned back to that face, watching as those eyes slowly opened, led along by the fluttering form of long, black eyelashes, a dark frame around an array of sleepy blue.
, a voice snapped at him, and he clearing his throat, shuffling slightly in his stance whilst trying to remain expressionless in his more than obvious moment of self-doubt.
“Lunch isn’t over yet,” The tall blonde chuckled, towering over Sherlock with a predatory smirk as he worked on sucking a hickey directly atop the brunette’s collarbone, growling as he pulled at Sherlock’s navy uniform, white button down and sweater vest forced aside.
As though the boy beside him could sense his unease, John lifted his hand and placed it instead below his shoulder bones, fingers just barely grazing the thin material of his black sweater, the sharp protruding bones of his spine. With a soft, gentle smile, the rugby captain inched his body nearer and angled his head towards Sherlock’s, so close the dancer could feel the warm air of his breath, a comfort in the biting cold.
“Yes, and a pretentious one,” Sherlock added with a chuckle, which in turn made John smile, warm and wide.
Sherlock huffed and pressed himself harder against the small tree, bits of bark digging into the thin material of his jumper.
With a deep breath and a nod of his head in both Molly’s and John’s direction, he stated a sharp, “Good luck with your digging then,” and turned to leave, body hunched and guarded, expression a mask of simplicity.
John’s voice forming those words, enclosing that sentence, was entirely unanticipated. And clearly, it showed on Sherlock’s face — his eyes blinking blankly and repeatedly, his throat bobbing as he swallowed the knot in his throat, his shoulders tense in his entirely upright position.
Siger glanced over his shoulder at him, took a hearty sip of his drink and hummed, a malicious smirk spreading wide across his face as he began walking towards Sherlock, of whom stood frozen still, swallowing and watching his socked feet with renewed interest.
Harry sighed and rolled her eyes, crossing her arms and jutting out a hip, "Better start figuring that out then," She winked, leaning against his bed post, "so you can ask him on a date and all."
When John turned back around, his expression was amused and fond, and he slowly made his way over to Sherlock once more, sitting himself right back down on the mattress of the bed, closer this time, so close, in fact, that their knees softly touched. He glanced at Sherlock, the same twist of features, a look that spoke wonders, ocean blue eyes sparkling just slightly and soft, pink lips twitching in a small, crooked smile. They stayed that way for more than a moment, simply looking at one another, deep navy meeting ethereal cerulean and silver, before Sherlock’s hot cheeks couldn’t take it any longer, and his innermost thoughts were far too close to taking action — thinking things like
Haymitch scoffed and let out a swift grunt of annoyance, “Sweetheart, you don’t. There are never any best times or good times in the arena,” He glanced at Sherlock, gave him a once over, and then turned back to Molly, “You aren’t on any schedules and you have no control over what proceeds.”
“Since when have you cared about what other people think?” The rugby captain asked in return, his brows furrowed in honest wonderment, his hands gripping just a bit tighter to the straps of his backpack.
“Morning,” that soft voice mumbled with a happy sigh, sticky with the aftermath of a languid slumber.
With a shake of his head, Sherlock reached for the handle and yanked open the door, coming face to face with Siger, the man looking tall, looming over him in his white button down complete with alcohol and nicotine stains. “Don’t ask stupid questions then,” he growled back at the man of whom was supposed to be his guardian of a sort, his voice wavering slightly before he moved to slip past him.
A few moments passed before Sherlock’s phone lit up once again, the screen bright in the dark setting, illuminating John response clearly before his eyes.
Sherlock scoffed down at his phone, shaking his head and glancing up from his lonely lunch table, tucked away in his favorite corner, to see John standing in the line for food, his phone in hand as he waited on the students before him.
He then winked and flashed a grin, moving back from the door and sauntering towards the exit. Sherlock watched as he blew a mocking kiss and vanished, slipping outside of his dormitory.
“How far are you lot on your Romeo and Juliet papers?” Molly piped up in between bites of her horrid display of food, arching a brow and looking genuinely curious.
“Who’s yours?” Stamford asked knowingly, one brow raised in mute suspicion, though his expression portrayed his questioning curiosity quite clearly — he wanted to know why
The curly-haired genius braced himself and slowly arched a brow up at the man, of whom simply scoffed and gave the skinny boy a once over.
, had forced him to simply wince in his disgust and nod his head. It was far too risky to return to Baker’s studio, no matter how very much he enjoyed Ms. Hudson’s gentle smiles and the larger expanse of the room, all mirrors and shiny wooden floors that beckoned him into action.
Their eyes met and stilled, fixated on one another, a dark desire and unspoken message passing between the both of them, not completely unreadable as John swallowed the lump in his throat and felt his cheeks heat at the very image that came to mind.
He watched as the boy before him glanced down at his soaked clothes, his nose scrunching just slightly before his lips quirked at the corners, lifting up into a shy smile as he turned his head to peer back at John, wet curls shaping his expression, kaleidoscope eyes even brighter with the damp hue of his hair — he was all ebony and turquoise and John was such a goner,
“We know you’re arse over tits in love, mate,” Molly giggled, glancing between Irene’s arched brow and Greg’s kind smile before turning to John once more, “So maybe Greg’s right — you go tell him. Go find him and declare your love like your life depends on it.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and arched a brow, desperately trying to force his brain into forgetting how very close the two of them were, and hummed, “What?”
Sherlock Holmes lifted a dismissive hand to shush her, and Molly Hooper instantly froze, moving instead to simply gnaw on her own lip, nerves kicking in as they continued to walk side by side, only a few yards away from Sherlock's house now.
’ party, or something. My dad has a bunch of cool space shit and it’d be pretty damn cool for pre-game hype.”
With a dark smirk, Victor turned away and reached for his rumpled shirt and tie, left discarded on Sherlock’s dorm floor. Removing his eyes from the boy as he dressed, Sherlock sauntered over to his connecting washroom, stepping in front of the mirror and gazing blankly at his awful appearance. Hair a mess, eyes sunken in, lack of sleep obviously, limbs thin and lifeless, cheekbones sharp, lips all angular and — he whipped his head down and away, dropping his eyes to the sink, turning the faucet on and slapping cold water against his burning skin.
“Yes, I did,” Haymitch then began, “She was a career – I didn’t stand a chance. But luck was on my side that day. And so,” He held his arms out, gesturing towards himself with a large, conniving grin, “here I am.”
John smiled somewhat shyly at the group of them, all watching him with intent, before clearing his throat and lifting a discreet finger to the back of the mysterious boy’s head, “Who’s that?”
Molly stood back and glanced at the two of them, her eyes shining in the shimmering lights, wide and delighted, her head shaking back and forth as she admired their own costumes, something pulling cheekily at the corner of her lips.
“Maybe he likes you,” Carl Powers snickered, winking at John and smirking a rather suggestive smirk.
The two of them remained silent for a while, everything still and quiet, aside from the light tapping of raindrops and the chirps of bugs relishing in the cold water filling their homes.
The very man looked down at his shoes, inhaled sharply and then looked back up, ocean blue eyes sharp and serious, body tense, elbows resting on his knees as he leaned closer to Sherlock’s rigid, shocked position in the tub.
Her features suddenly fell worryingly sad, and she nodded her head, glancing down at her pink, rose clad dress, fingers fiddling mindlessly with the end of it.
“There we go,” John said next, his voice far softer than before, the kind of tone he’d use to comfort Sherlock or promise him all would be well — the same tone he’d used in the car that night when Sherlock had all but pushed him away with his words.
James Sholto let out a snicker and reached for his own phone, yanking it out and tapping the screen swiftly and with practiced ease, “Composes what?”
Just as he was debating between running back to the bathroom to double check his appearance, the itch to wipe all the makeup off and go simply as Sherlock Holmes —
” look completely gone now, and John positively adored the fact that he got to see him disheveled, not as entirely put together as he usually was when he sauntered through Baker’s halls. The rugby captain watched as he ran the towel over his face, wiping at the eyeliner and other makeup dotting his skin, somewhat faded already from the rain, the white texture of the towel coming away tinged with black, the charcoal hue of his matte lipstick finally smeared clean, and John was still bewildered by how long it had lasted, both through dinner and the downpour of the rain — not to mention John’s lips.
But, one second John was smiling, wide and drowsily adorable, and then his eyes were sliding across Sherlock’s nimble frame — much to Sherlock’s reddening cheeks and clenching heart — and freezing atop his midsection, joyous expression dropping, and anger furrowing his brows. Before Sherlock knew what was happening, a hand was on his side, urgent and firm, and Sherlock quickly flew back in utter shock, heart thundering against his chest, body curling away from John’s sudden touch.
Sherlock glanced over, his head at an angle, not fully facing John as he nodded once more and stated, firmly, and confidently, another, “Yes.”
The sent the couple before him into a fit of high-pitched giggles, and John’s heart surged with pride when he turned to see Sherlock chuckling softly as well, his laughter silent and small, a hand lifted to cover his mouth, his demeanor shy and insecure yet, to John, utterly breathtaking.
. He was more than ordinary, more than extraordinary; he was everything and a bit more. He was the sun to the revolving Earth, the Earth to the revolving moon. He was an internet personality, a rugby player, a genuine wonder of a boy that Sherlock found himself unable to stop watching. He was made up of strong arms and ocean eyes and soft lips and a brave mind. He was funny, and sweet, and kind, and gentle and Sherlock Holmes did not deserve any inch of John Watson and yet he wasn’t listening.
It was the only thing that kept him from giving up, that reminded him that he could, in fact, defeat what terrified him.
He watched with worry as the brunette in his arms pulled back slightly, bright expression dimming only slightly, a brief look of anguish before he righted his features back to neutral.
Sherlock shook his head and mumbled an, “Of course not,” before getting comfortable atop the bed, grabbing John’s planet shaped pillow and placing it in his lap, hugging it close and bracing his elbows atop it, clearly demonstrating to John that he was fine sitting there, watching — and he was. He could watch John do absolutely nothing for hours if need be.
The hard, wooden floor of Mike Stamford’s front porch was making Sherlock’s arse scream with discomfort but he simply couldn’t bring himself to move, let alone go back inside. He couldn’t think straight, not with all the noise, all the chaos, all the yelling and laughing, all the strangers and kissing and pungent smell of bodily orders and alcohol. His body shivered with the cold and he sighed to himself, his brain scolding the ache in his heart for deciding against bringing his cigarettes along for his night out with John — then again he hadn’t needed them until now.
“Course, it is,” John leaped off of the cabinet, and Sherlock noted that his shoes made no sound as he hit the floor, “I’m the one who’s always getting you out of trouble, aren’t I?”
?” He scoffed, raising one thick, black eyebrow at John, who sat discretely glaring his way, before running a hand over his slicked-back, black hair.
“Bloody hell,” Molly uttered, tone hushed and voice trembling lightly as she fell back in the seat she’d dragged from John’s kitchen and placed next to his desk chair.
“Bullshit,” John growled, chasing after him, determined to get to the bottom of the situation, fury in every line of his expression. He reached forwards, grasping a firm hand around Sherlock’s upper arm and tugging lightly, preventing the boy from walking any further, much to Sherlock’s utter scorn.
“Not much, I know,” John scoffed to himself, and Sherlock glanced over to his see his cheeks tinging red in what seemed to be embarrassment as he ran a hand over the back of his neck and forced the car into park. “But Mum’s a nurse and my sister’s a barista, so. You know,” He laughed and beamed at Sherlock, ever the same warm, kind, gentle expression Sherlock had come to swoon over.
When the blonde continued to stare and remain silent, Sherlock forced himself to look back up at the boy, his eyes narrowing in question, putting on his trusty
And, simply because he could, he took pride in the fact that Sherlock’s lips twitched to form a crooked smile.
John snorted and shook his head, glancing back over to the camcorder and winking, “But we won’t name names, of course.”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock uttered back a bit shakily, eyes still shut, trying desperately to get his heart rate under control.
The pounding stopped, and the voice replaced it in volume, loud and booming, angry — per usual — and utterly cold, “The fuck you doing in there?”
John Watson reached for the button on his small camcorder and sat back in his cheap black chair, spinning in a circle and turning to smile warmly at the little red light. "What's going on everybody," He chuckled, ocean blue eyes brightening as he bared his teeth in a fond grin, "my name is John Watson and this is what's on my face." He spun in his chair once more and threw his feet onto the top of his desk, running a hand through his ashy blonde hair and sighing, "Math class."
"Not like that," He huffed, rolling his eyes and looking away, a blush tinting his features, "As in, Sherlock."
“What?” John gaped at him, falling back in his seat, shoulders dropping and body droopy with devastation and as much as Sherlock regretted upsetting him, this was just something he could not allow.
Sherlock stood still beside Molly Hooper, of whom didn’t look like Molly Hooper at all, what with her alien get-up and brightly colored hair, though Sherlock applauded her imagination. She’d sent Greg and John off to find something non-alcoholic for him when he’d politely declined her offer of another red plastic cup filled to the brim with beer, stating Sherlock couldn’t possibly be without hydration, insisting on both of the other two boys going out on the search, the smirk on her lips clearly a sign that she’d been itching to get Sherlock alone. Greg of course had agreed with a smile, and dragged a hesitant John with him, clearly in on the arrangement.
Sherlock gasped with pleasure as he was rammed up against the book shelf, hands everywhere, touching him, grasping at him, lips on his throat and another body flush against his own. Fingers traveled from the back of Sherlock's neck all the way down his torso to his thighs, gripping and lifting, and he moaned as quiet as possible with all the overwhelming sensations, itching to be closer, to be bare of all clothing, but aware they were in the silent confines of a public library.
,” and Sherlock bobbed his head as he took his own, swallowing and turning away from the foul substance — he wasn’t a fan of alcohol. Not when he saw what it turned his uncle into. But he held onto it, for appearance purposes mostly.
A sharp jab to his stomach sent his eyes flying open and his entire body flinging upwards in shock. He came face to face with the amused expression of his older sister, her caramel brown curls thrown up into a messy bun and her entire figure clad in her green work uniform. John sighed, mostly to get his heartbeat back to a normal rhythm, and took out the headphones from his ears, glaring at his sibling for interrupting and letting out a sharp huff, "You scared the shit out of me."
.’ His trousers were white as well, and his hair was combed back in such a way as to make him look professional and mature.
“Have you conked your head, mate?” The new boy laughed, gentle and hearty, an entirely warm, melodious sound, “You can never have enough vinyl.”
The entirety of John’s expression lit up and he quirked a small smile, biting his lip in thought before granting Sherlock a soft shrug and letting out a short huff of amused air, “I always envied those people who managed to get up on a stage, make others smile, and laugh, effortlessly, comfortable with being the center of attention.”
The detective swallowed, throat protesting, scratchy and sore, and allowed himself a shrug, heading into the kitchen and sweeping over towards the fridge, eyes darting rapidly back and forth, landing on some of the few edible items that had managed to survive expiration. Wrapped leftovers tucked snugly in the front, within reasonable sight — Ms. Hudson
John turned to Sherlock and nodded softly, grabbing for the boy’s hand once more and following the small girl over to the drink stand. He’d just have to finish his sentence later.
,” he simply chose to sit beside Sherlock, tossing his bag beside the desk and sliding in so quickly, their shoulders brushed. To him, it was simply preference — he simply preferred Sherlock Holmes over James Sholto and Sebastian Moran any day, but to Sherlock it was as though he had openly performed a miracle. The brunette had originally turned to him with a glare, as though he was expecting some arbitrary student to take up residence next to him, however as soon as he realized just who was sat at his side, his eyes widened, his scowl dropped, and he visibly swallowed.
Sherlock swore someone had just lit his body on fire, cheeks aflame, muscles burning, gut twisting to let the numerous butterflies in to consume him. He couldn’t help the slight puff of air that escaped his lips in amusement and he peered over at John with a shake of his head, biting his lip at the boy driving the car, still entirely flummoxed with every word that left his mouth.
Lifting his shoulders effortlessly, Sherlock glanced back down at the ground, as though ashamed or far too shy to answer whilst meeting John’s gaze, “It’s obvious.”
“Oh, shut up, Moran,” Mike chimed in, rolling his eyes as the both of them seated themselves down, Mike next to John, and Sebastian across from him, James at his side. “He was never bloody abducted.”
“Bathroom pass,” John shrugged, glancing over at him with a shy smile, “You didn’t show up to class so I worried.”
“Molly,” John grinned at her, and Sherlock nodded slightly in recognition, watching as she approached the rugby captain and threw an arm around his shoulders, a bright smile lacing the pale pink hue of her lipstick coated lips.
John made to answer him, mouth open as he beamed at Sherlock, but his voice was replaced with another – one far harsher, far more unpleasant.
They both stared at each other in the small, quiet space of Mike’s guest bathroom; the booming of the music downstairs could be faintly heard within the four walls they occupied but it was dulled and faint and John could hear Sherlock’s every intake of breath, the way he sniffled slightly with the cold chill of the indoor air against the dampness of his clothing.
John H. Watson: Spending the day with Molls. :) We’re gonna be nerds and talk about science things most likely.
With a flick of his head, John gestured to the street's sidewalk, smiling encouragingly and observing the way Sherlock tightened his grip on his backpack - just his backpack, duffle bag missing today - and followed quickly until he was right beside John.
John scoffed, frowned, and then smiled, as if pleased he was aware of something Sherlock wasn’t, “You are, genius.”
Ms. Hudson didn't exactly know about what he did. She knew he recorded his dances, and she knew it was important to him, but she didn't know to what extent he used said videos for.
“I’m sorry?” Sherlock snapped back, arching a brow and keeping a straight face, blank and emotionless, trying to cast Wilkes off with a look of pure boredom, a desperate attempt to appear as though Sebastian Wilkes didn’t scare him — not at all, not in the slightest.
Sherlock swallowed the rest of his sentence and glanced up at he boy in front of him, gazing wildly at that small, bashful grin, those glowing blue irises, the warmth behind the creases beside his eyes and the soft dimples in his cheeks.
“I do loathe repeating myself,” He uttered, but the jab was incredibly ineffective, the complete uncertainty wedged into his tone neither intimidating nor hurtful, and the drop of his shy, ethereal eyes as they fixed themselves on the floor beneath his feet quite literally
“The obvious concern you show for injuries,” Sherlock uttered, rolling his eyes and pointing weakly to the fading, green and yellow, bruise beneath his brow.
He watched as the rugby captain grinned and nodded his head, before reaching forwards and yanking the door open, stepping in to a chatty classroom, students holding their playbooks up and yelling at one another passionately, worksheets before them. He suppressed a groan and slipped past Ms. Montgomery unnoticed, brain spinning and thoughts whirling as he plummeted into the hard surface of his wooden desk, throwing a fist beneath his chin and glaring forwards, already laying out his plan of staring into the abyss for the rest of the class period.
John let out a strained laugh and nodded, “I’ll be fine, Mum. Swear it.” He hugged her once more, planting a small kiss to her cheek before pulling away with a sigh, taking a moment to glance around his small dorm, taking in the white barren walls, the hideously large dresser, the empty form of his closet.
but kept his eyes on the book in his hands as he opened his mouth to speak once more, “It’s really not.”
. But Christ, aside from the nervous ticks and trembling hands, John was incredibly excited — he’d convinced Sherlock Holmes to attend a party with him, and hell if he wasn’t going to make the dancer have
In three minutes, he could lull Redbeard to sleep with a couple scratches behind the ear and a few strokes across his eyes and cheeks.
After she left, a knock at the door saved him from the insufferable silence of the small room he was waiting in, all on his own, locked in a metaphoric box with his mind and his imagination, an imagination of which was suddenly filled with images of his death, of him dying, over and over and over again.
“We’re not that good, lad,” James smirked, flinging a carrot at Greg’s head, before turning to John and lifting his hand in a quick wave.
“Right, cool,” John nodded, expression easy and relaxed, the teasing mood lulling to a certain, comfortable calm.
Mycroft grabbed his arm, whirling his entire body to face him, his eyes sharp and serious, beating into Sherlock's shocked gaze. "It isn't meant to symbolize sentiment, Sherlock," His older brother told him, his features falling to form a look of utter rage and fury, "It's to pose as a reminder."
, voice laced with a gentle comfort that so thoroughly crawls beneath his skin he wants to grip tight to his hand and ask him to stay.
Sherlock glanced down at his phone, swallowing and eyeing the thumbnail once more, admiring John's soft, rather adorable expression, and then shook his head, tucking his mobile back into his duffle bag and sighing.
He admired the way Sherlock turned to look at him, eyes somewhat wide, cheeks faintly pink, before he ducked his head with apprehension. The rugby captain smirked to himself, thinking he quite liked Sherlock in that color, before humming and glancing back at the lanky boy, curiosity in the twist of his features as they walked on.
John blinked at her, and then scowled, "I'm not a bloody idiot," He snapped, "What do you want anyway?"
Much to his own resentment, he felt a spark of pure and simple envy fizzle in the depths of his gut, his vision tinting faintly green as he stared at the girl — he knew they simply weren’t involved, and never would be, John thinking far too highly of her as a best friend. But he couldn’t help but be jealous of their closeness, of the ease in which she touched him, in which he greeted her.
John’s eyes dropped to where Sherlock had obviously been chewing nervously on his bottom lip, the slice across the plump flesh oozing red liquid sickeningly slowly, and, without even thinking, he reached for the small pack of tissues he kept close in his glove compartment and rapidly yanked one out, lifting his hand to press the white cloth against Sherlock’s lips. The boy jerked back in surprise and glared at John, eyes narrowed and glossy, clearing uncertain of whether or not he was safe, alone with John in some back alleyway, a sketchy side road where anything could happen — where John could turn on him and leave him for dead if he’d liked.
Sherlock glanced up with open eyes, the strange nature of their color swarming in both confusion and uncertainty before he inhaled sharply and shook his head, running a hand through his curls, “I can’t.”
“You can tell James, and Mike, and Moran, and the rest of the bloody rugby team that they better find something and
“Oi,” the man snapped again, two grimy fingers lifting to tap harshly at John’s shoulder, forcing him backwards slightly before he finally met the coach’s eyes, much to his own resent.
when the bell sounded, ending their lunch period and sending the number of students crammed into the cafeteria on their way towards their next class.
The sun had set as John’s rugby match finally came to a victorious end, field lights automatically flicking on with the onset of darkness and the soft shape of the rising moon. The parents and other family members lacing the crowd had cheered as John’s team scored the final point, the players throwing their fists up in triumph, another Home game conquered. The red and white clad boys had made their way over to the guests of whom had come explicitly for them, and with hugs and hollers had parted once more to head toward their locker room, eager for a good rinse and a good change of clothes before leaving with their families, more than likely heading out for a spontaneous victory dinner. John had headed directly over to the small tree, spotting the thin, pale boy thankfully still there, standing now, with a singly hand ruffling his curls as he watched the crowd dwindle with obvious trepidation. John shot him a wide, white grin as he approached, that he more than hoped displayed the entirely enormous amount of joy he was feeling right there, in that very moment.
John smiled a light smile, constrained in his still irritated state, and let out a long sigh, scoffing as Greg arched a brow, his expression curious but not invasive.
"I laughed my arse off mate," Mike chuckled, slapping John on the back, and beaming brightly at him as he strode across the small space, turning to hunch over his shoes.
“Magic hands,” John whispered, low beneath his breath, before a smile broke out across his expression, warm and real and bright and everything Sherlock loved about the rugby captain.
John bit his lip in concentration and scrolled through the Youtuber's playlist, humming and smiling softly as he chose his very favorite cover by the mysterious violinist, one he'd played himself and, in turn, videoed his very own dance performance to.
“Why the fuck did you do that?” John’s voice sounded out, his brows drawn forwards, his lips turned downward in an expression that Sherlock could not pinpoint through the rain and the chaos of his heart and mind turning against him.
John found himself staring for far too long until he turned to smile, wide and excited, at Molly, whirling around and jogging towards his new friend, crossing the rest of the field and ducking past the number of parents, of whom paid him no mind. He came to a slow halt in front of the tall, thin figure, rugby uniform and all, and swallowed thickly, not entirely sure what to say but utterly overjoyed that Sherlock Holmes was standing in front of him in that very moment.
“Thanks,” He beamed and watched as Sherlock gingerly took back the mobile, swallowing nervously and gazing at John with a rather desperate look, as though he was terribly confused and tired of it.
Molly swooped her arm around his, letting it hook at his elbow as they walked, sauntering softly to the school building, his timid friend no longer timid in such a moment, her eyes wide with excitement, brows lifted, cheeks crinkling in joy and utmost admiration.
“He commented,” John stated, standing up from his desk and whirling around the room, chuckling with excitement and running a frazzled, frantic hand through his dirty blonde hair, “on my video.”
Sherlock blinked, swallowed and then seemed to get a hold of himself, wrapping his arms around his torso shyly and shrugging a shoulder, "You didn't
He giggled his high pitched, infamous giggle and shook his head in amusement, "Honestly, I'll turn to my mate Mike and say, 'Watch this,' and it just blows his fucking mind."
Greg let out a relieved laugh, a serious question turned humorous by the warmth in John’s tone, but he quickly shook his head and shot John a careful smile, relaxed yet agog, “Sherlock, you git.”
’ and the meal he’d been ordering since he was eight. They ate in companionable silence and John found himself thinking this had to be the best date he’d ever found himself on — and he’d been on plenty of dates. There’d been Jeanette, who he’d found rather endearing for a short while when they met in class, though for their first date she’d insisted on taking him with her to some sort of heartbreaking musical, where he’d fallen asleep and she’d yelled at him after for not being in tune with his emotions and allowing himself to cry. There’d been Sarah of whom he’d taken to the bowling alley not far from Baker, where she’d only played for about three minutes before taking him in the back alley, by the dumpster, behind the establishment and giving him a rather messy blowjob — so much so, he’d found himself wanting to bowl instead. There’d been plenty of others, all boring cinema dates or simple generic restaurant outings, but this was so much different. He was so comfortable, he didn’t feel forced to make constant conversation or cover up any awkward silences, and he felt at
“Wilkes,” He coughed out and lifted himself up on one elbow, a glare firmly in place as he glowered up at the boy, unwilling to show any outward sign of fear, of weakness, of dread.
“I’d only waste it,” He mumbled, his eyes downcast but his body sliding just an inch closer to John’s, clearly seeking comfort, the boy’s sharp cheekbone’s a light pink.
He finished up in the shower and quickly headed back to his room, a towel wrapped loosely around his hips as he approached his dresser, quickly changing into a pair of baggy sweatpants and choosing to remain shirtless.
It was how he stayed organized – listing and graphing and charting and planning and sketching and devising all the next video ideas, all the notes for new songs, both musical and textual, all the different movements to perform across the shiny, wood floor of the school’s empty studio.
Sherlock blinked, and then dropped his eyes to his feet, bare and pale against the flat’s tiled kitchen floor. “Your father,” He began, “How often do you see him?”
. If his friend didn’t accept his adoration for someone of the same sex, was he really that good of a friend?
“What?” Sherlock’s voice was no louder than a whisper, and shaky, but still deep and clear all the same.
They walked in silence for a few moments, drawing nearer to their respective class, the only sound their footsteps agains the tiled floor of the corridor, when Sherlock cleared his throat, turning slightly towards the boy next to him and trying his best to swallow down his nervousness.
"Sherlock!" A voice called out enthusiastically from behind him as he walked along a bare trail back to his small home in District 12, where he already knew his mother and brother would be impatiently waiting for him.
Sherlock scoffed, “You could say that.” He paused, took another large sip of his water and sighed, “My brother.”
John had blinked, cleared his throat in that way he always did, the way that said he was both irritated and yet bewildered, and pursed his lips, shrugging a solid, pajama clad shoulder, “Sometimes it’s too unreal for people to grasp.”
His phone vibrated in his pocket impatiently, and with a huff of irritation, Sherlock grabbed the device and glanced carelessly at it’s screen, the white light bright in the dark of the night sky.
,” His sister started again, her face a bit solemn this time, strict and yet comforting, brows drawn down and eyes warmly narrowed, her mouth quirking a bit at one end, “You know that’s okay, right?”
And Sherlock hated himself for keeping quiet, hated that he couldn’t just ask, couldn’t just say it — but the idea that perhaps he’d possibly be a nuisance, possibly be unwelcome, was too much to risk. So, he’d go home, and he wouldn’t complain.
John turned to him with a shy smile, his cheeks shifting to a faint pink as he lifted a hand to rub at the back of his neck, “Well, Molly and I are trying to find this anonymous YouTuber.”
“Look at his neck. He has what looks like a wedding ring on a chain, no longer on anyone’s finger — now,
John scoffed and shook his head, grabbing his bag from the passenger seat, yanking it over his shoulder and shutting the door behind him as he stepped out of the car. He clicked lock and took a deep breath, watching as Sherlock stopped outside the school gates, just slightly hidden from view, to finish his cigarette, nimble fingers shaking slightly from the bitter cold of morning.
Sherlock shook his head frantically and whimpered, grasping at Victor's shoulders and biting his lip, hard enough to draw blood, "I," He began, inhaling shakily, "I can't."
— and not to mention the obnoxious parents, cheering when their children scored, berating the team when they didn’t, whilst shoving sandwiches down their throats and gulping entire sodas. But, all the flaws of attending set aside, John would be there.
He needed to gain control over himself. He was over thinking things, reading far too deeply into the unnecessary – his far too large brain was spitting ideas at him and it needed to stop. He was Sherlock Holmes – logic and sense both served as his specialties. But now? Now, he had been reduced to a simple boy of irrational fears and speculations. Control, control, control.
“I’m sorry, I -” Sherlock managed to whimper out, before he stumbled down the stairs of the porch and into the rain, drops of water immediately slamming against his cheeks and dampening his curls, the wiry strands sticking to his forehead as he let his body push him forwards, his heart racing and his limbs shaking. It had felt like an eternity in comparison to a mere few seconds when he heard his name shouted out into the whirling downpour, the sound dulled within the pounding of rain, and before he could even bring himself to turn around a hand was on his arm, yanking him backwards and spinning him around, his eyes meeting oceans once more, wide and panicked and surrounded by a canvas of droplets against tan skin.
Sherlock tucked his hands in his lap and tried to fight the blush from forming along his sharp cheekbones, “What is?”
“Look!” Molly’s voice cried out over his mind’s vicious scolding, and she was quick to get to her feet, climbing out of her chair and scurrying over to the window, gracefully placing a small, pale hand on the glass as she gazed out at the passing setting.
“Denial?” Sherlock had spat out in disgust, shaking his head and gazing at John with arched brows. “How can you
John let out a long sigh and leaned back in his desk chair, spine clicking slightly from his prone position, before he yawned and stared at his video, satisfied with the progress he was making. Smiling warmly, he turned around in his chair, a question on his lips.
“I don’t think I’ve eaten that much in a decade,” He admitted with ease, shutting his eyes and staring into the blank nothingness, listening to the gentle breathing and thick tenseness of a body beside him.
Fortunate bastard. He had long since escaped the reaping, turning twenty-four just last month, seven years Sherlock's elder. He'd made it. All those years, a possible participant in the Hunger Games, and not once had his name been called. Sherlock hoped to be just as lucky.
Of course. What did Sherlock expect? John was a straight male - a straight male of whom most of the girls in this school fancied, of whom played rugby, of whom had friends that called Sherlock a fag for his preferences, of whom remained quite open with those he knew. This was a normal thing for John - teasing, joking, jesting. It was not flirting. Not that Sherlock had the slightest inch of knowledge on the specifics of flirtation anyway.
Molly hummed sympathetically and grabbed for her purse, motioning for John to follow as they slid out of the dressing room hallway and back into the calm of casual shoppers meandering around Molly's favorite store.
“Best go in first,” He shrugged, smirking, “Can’t go walking in at the same time. People will talk.”
John remained silent, simply glowering in fury, golden hair a bit ruffled from the action as he stood in his red jumper and navy jeans, shorter than Wilkes but tall in appearance, the intensity of his glare making up for the missing inches.
John watched, carefully, as Sherlock reached for the duffel bag in an attempt to flee, quick as possible, but without much self-control he darted forwards and heaved it away in one solid pull, clutching it tight to his stocky form and staring at Sherlock’s blanched expression, the brunette’s eyes wide, body frozen.
Unconsciously, he pushed closer to John, and the boy immediately pressed his hand firmer against the small of his back, Sherlock’s rapid heartbeat settling just slightly with the comfort, his mind put temporarily at ease.
“John Watson!” A feminine voice rang out, and both boys whirled to face the door, having been completely oblivious to the woman stood leaning against the frame of the entrance, a smirk on her red clad lips, stark in contrast to her snow pale skin.
Swallowing, he turned his attention back to the lecture, only to be distracted once again as, predictably, Greg texted him back.
John shrugged and let out a sharp laugh, sputtering out, “It’s a big enough bed,” before he swallowed a little nervously, chuckling a bit to hide the shaky tone of his voice, and added, “but I can always take the floor.”
“Be my friend, I don’t care. Why would I? If you’re too moronic to take my advice then fine, so be it. But I
Greg stepped forward, expression amusingly serious as he lifted an arm and let it rest across Molly’s shoulders, “Are they pretty serious or is it more of a one time round sort of deal?”
The rugby captain snickered softly and shrugged a single shoulder, “Think its pretty serious, mate. Might be a happy announcement by the end of the month.”
He paused, glanced around the room and then cleared his throat, watching the ground shyly, “Bathroom?”
was something that wouldn’t go away without something breaking, something shattering, something hurting.
“That’s part of your whole deduction thing, isn’t it?” John asked, gazing forwards and spotting the coffee shop just up ahead.
Wilkes snickered and spread his arms wide in an audacious gesture, grinning wide and arching a dark eyebrow, “Obviously.”
He held his breath as the blonde reached forward and took hold of Sherlock’s fingers, examining them with utmost concentration, as though the digits were out of this world, not of this earth, surrealistic in their ways. He was studying Sherlock as though he were something extraordinary, and Sherlock was entirely new to the sensation.
“Mm?” Sherlock hummed, blinking sleepily, vision bleary as he lifted himself up into a sitting position; John had to drop his hand, regrettably.
else to run their mouths about, yeah?” John snarled, and slammed the boy in his grasp against the metal lockers once more, “And if you so much as think about putting another hand on Sherlock Holmes, I swear to
“Then we have James Sholto, member of the Officers’ Training Corps, and defense for the greatest rugby team in British history,” Greg announced enthusiastically, and James let out a loud laugh, shaking his light blonde head in amusement and grinning back at the boy.
“Somewhat,” John replied shakily, “He’s watched a few of my videos, talked to me about it — he’s cool with it as long as I do something else.”
“I’ll see you in Lit, okay?” John asked, winking gently and sending the entirety of whatever remained of Sherlock’s mask to the very pit of his stomach, replacing it instead with warmth, and adoration.
did on Bee. I adore the both of them and I legit screamed at my computer for five hours straight mates
Scoffing to himself, he glanced down at his mobile and tapped the screen, boosting it to life and revealing his text messages. There, before him, portrayed in glowing letters on his phone’s screen, was the contact name
When he spotted blue eyes and golden hair, he slammed his notebook shut, accidentally dropped his black pen, and scrambled for his phone, shoving it into his pocket and swallowing thickly as he yanked out his headphones, flailing idiotically. A sharp, joyful laugh, that Sherlock frankly found himself craving to hear more of, emanated out of the lips – those beautiful lips – of the rugby captain before him, and Sherlock looked up, embarrassment painting his cheeks a bright pink.
Sherlock cleared his throat and risked a glance over at the blonde boy behind him, taking in the wrinkles between his brows, angry lines that spoke of both irritation and hidden desire as Victor stood there, still as a statue, upper body bare, and jaw clenched tight.
Sherlock hummed a confirmation his way, his ethereal eyes lifting off of his elegant scrawl and focusing directly on John, the rugby captain sitting eerily still, his brows furrowed and eyes narrowed. He inhaled sharply at the sight, and with a sigh, shut the thick form of his notebook and placed both his hands in a prayer position beneath his chin.
“Because,” He swallowed thickly before sniffing and lifting his nose upward in an act to appear petulant, shrugging a single shoulder and trying unsuccessfully to push the rising memories away from the surface and back under the water of his flooded mind palace, “nobody reads it anyway.”
John hadn't been, whatsoever, because, to him, at this very moment, watching a skinny, ethereal boy with curly hair huddle up in his thick sweater and scribble in his odd notebook, was far more intriguing than listening to another one of Sholto’s mundane ex-girlfriend stories.
Bill was the one tossing food now, which Greg Lestrade expertly dodged with a giddy smile. John felt his heart warm at the sight and shook his head in amusement, turning now to the last member of their table, a smaller boy with black hair and a wide grin, all teeth and blue eyes.
“I’ll take the lasagna, ta,” John smiled, handing back his menu and watching fondly on as Sherlock ordered the fettuccini Alfredo, sans chicken, his expression polite and features gentle, voice that same deep baritone that sent shivers down John’s spine. After the hostess left with a nod of her head and a grin, John turned back to Sherlock and beamed as the boy took a careful sip of his water.
“I’m,” He paused and glanced down at his hands, of which rested in his lap, intertwined and utterly still, “numb.”
“It’s not a joke then,” James snapped, his eyes darting over to the thin form of Sherlock Holmes before returning to John’s confused expression, “You and Sherlock.”
?” Sebastian Wilkes snapped, much to the amusement of his friends, the other boys chuckling darkly under their breaths and grinning down at Sherlock’s crumpled position on the grassy floor.
John opened his mouth once more, looking as though he were going to refuse their offer yet again, when Irene was back at their side, a cup with something red and bubbly inside in her hand as she smirked their way, red lips lifting in knowing.
And yet, the very same boy had pressed his lips to John’s and apologized for it — which, of course, John couldn’t allow for a single moment. He replayed the scene over and over in his head, mind whirling with the surreality of it, the press of soft, plush skin, the way Sherlock’s tongue felt against his own, the way those curls felt between his fingers, damp and cold and perfect. And he reveled over the fact that he’d kissed a boy, a beautiful, ethereal, godly boy, and it hadn’t been different, it hadn’t felt weird, or uncomfortable or awkward — in fact, it had been the best kiss of his life. Better than Sarah in the bowling joint’s alleyway, and Jeanette just outside the movie theaters, and even Beth behind the rugby field bleachers. Nothing compared to Sherlock, to his lips or his breath or his curls or his sounds, and John was sure gender had nothing to do with it — he was Sherlock and John was John and John really, really,
Sometimes it would be covered in icy snow, cold and threatening, a wasteland of sickness and shivers.
“These are my mates, John,” Greg lifted a hand and gestured to the other boy’s at the table, their faces similarly sincere and bright, and John was hit with a wave of gratitude, that these boy’s had been the first he’d run into today, that they’d seemingly taken him under wing.
“I,” He swallowed, and then cleared his throat, looking down and away, skin blanched, and mind whirling, “I’m sorry, I was looking for the exit.”
"Not in a bad way, just as in, no one knows all that much about the lad," She shrugged, "only that he's super smart and does that deduction thing."
things, but he let the disappointment of having to wave Sherlock goodbye after class at the back of his mind, sighing and forcing himself to open his gym locker, holding on to his happy thoughts and setting forth a plan to race through practice with ease, so he could get home and text his friend to his heart’s content once more.
Swallowing thickly and glancing up at James, John took a sip of his water bottle, leaving his school lunch untouched, and hummed to himself, muttering a soft, “‘Course.”
Swallowing, John smiled, as warm and as friendly as he could at the curly-haired boy, the bruise between his brow and eye practically taunting him, tingling his nerves with self-hate and pity, knowing deep down that one of the people he spent most of his school hours with put that mark right there, on those pale, innocent features.
“What about you, though?” John smirked at Greg’s confused frown, “Going to ask Molly out anytime soon?”
Rolling his eyes and letting out a huff, Sherlock lifted his head and snapped out a sharp, direct, “What do you think?”
“What’s up everyone, my name is John Watson and this is what's on my face,” John announced, beaming at the camcorder and chuckling lightly to himself, spinning back and forth a bit in his chair.
Sherlock huffed and turned away, lips drawing downwards in a frazzled pout as John beamed up at him, carton of milk in hand and eyes bright with mirth.
“Boyfriend forget to get you off this morning?” Sally smirked, leaning back in her seat with an arched brow, cocky and proud, as though teasing Sherlock, of whom she so annoyingly knew to be a, quite simply, and extremely, virgin
“Well, people talk to amuse themselves,” John began, jolting Sherlock from his thoughts, “and for some reason, talking complete shite about a person is funny.”
“Come on,” John sulked, placing his elbows on the lunch table and his chin against his palms, a slight smirk in the curve of those lips, “I already told you I’ve been watching you for ages and the fact that you’re him — that he’s
John shrugged a shoulder, face guarded and arm falling heavier on Sherlock’s shoulders, as though grounding him, keeping him from moving away from his side — not that Sherlock would dream of it anyway.
"I," Sherlock cleared his throat, and turned, facing John but still watching the locker room tiles, "I like your videos."
“Wear that,” She scoffed, beginning to tuck the rest of the clothing she’d yanked out back into its rightful place, a soft smile on her lips as she watched him stare down at the shirt. “It brings out your eyes.”
Sherlock fixed his camera to it’s tripod and let out a long, rather drawn-out sigh, shaking his head as he switched the device on and to recording mode. He’d be an idiot, of course – thinking that he could talk to another human being without there being repercussions. Fraternizing with another put himself in a vulnerable state. And John – captain of the rugby team, up in the popular scale, golden boy of Baker – was the worst person he could have possibly chosen.
It was a mystery to Sherlock: how John got to be the way John was. In a world so attuned to tragedy and mayhem, John Watson brushed it all aside and lit a torch everywhere he went, the very ground he set foot upon illuminated beneath his feet; he carried with him an untouchable beam of light and it was a miracle Sherlock was even remotely able to bask in it. Sherlock, who lived in a empty chasm of a home, who wasn’t even good enough for his alcoholic uncle, who’s brother was too busy to be apart of the world he so brutally knew, who danced behind a mask, who normally saw any sign of light and hid from it, like a vampire in the middle of day; somehow John had taken hold of his hand and walked him into the sunshine, and Sherlock had yet to set fire and crumble into ash.
He felt his heart stop and his veins run cold as his mobile stopped ringing and John blinked up at him in utter incredulity.
His friend giggled and tossed the trousers at him before sauntering over to his closet, opening the wooden doors and digging through the many jackets and jumpers, her eyes fixed on what she was doing, though she continued their conversation.
“He did bring all his posters,” John’s mother chuckled, sauntering over and patting the top of John’s shoulder comfortingly.
“Well, if you’re going to be a part of the gang, you need a proper introduction too,” Greg shrugged, turning back to his tray and taking a sip from his milk carton.
book collection on the shelf near his desk and wanted John to be looking at it, admiring it. He even saw his bed and, much to his utter shame and red cheeks, wanted John to be lying across it, lying beside him, lying
This time John couldn't keep the small puff of air from leaving his cheeks and he froze, feeling a number of eyes gazing his way, and looking up to find his literature teacher glaring scornfully at him.
Hoots and hollers surrounded him and he grinned, the fire in his chest igniting, the positive shouts from his team knocking his own body into full gear, mind switching into competitive mode, heart thrumming anxiously in his chest.
John swallowed and gathered his courage, reaching forward and placing his hands on thin hips, gripping them tightly and slowly dragging Sherlock towards him, watching as the beautiful boy before him refocused his attention of the rugby captain, eyes wide and bright and bewildered but not unhappy, not uncomfortable, and John praised himself for making the move.
John looked smug as his eyes met Sherlock’s yet again, and he bobbed his head once, twice, three times before shrugging a single shoulder, “That
"Yes. It was imperative that I study," He lied subtly, lifting a hand to scratch at the back of his neck nervously, risking a glance up at his uncle, "what with tests coming up and all. I met up with a friend in the library."
“Another big word for you,” John murmured to himself as he gathered his things and began sauntering towards the locker room exit, mind whirling with agitation, only to be stopped in place as Sebastian Wilkes grabbed for his shoulder, squeezing it tight and letting out a sharp laugh.
Sherlock, of course, knew how he felt, knew what he meant — obviously, he couldn’t admit to that. But that feeling, knowing that you’re going to reach the eyes of so many without having to
“Anderson,” Sherlock coughed, lifting a hand to scratch the back of his head simple-mindedly, even if he was still out of the camera’s view.
“Nothing’s happened,” Sherlock spat out, gave John a short once over, and continued on his march towards the school parking lot — his discretely hidden limp didn’t go unnoticed by John, neither did the way he held his left arm, wrapped carefully around his torso, half hugging himself.
,” John chuckled, obviously attempting irritation but far too charmed by the hilarity of the situation. “I know how to cook,
He glanced up and over at the slender boy, sitting upright in his seat, attention fixated on the book in front of him, clad in yet another oversized, hooded sweatshirt and his usual adoration for black skinny jeans. Frankly, to John, he looked adorable, sitting there with his curls shaped as they usually were, with the exception of a loose ringlet resting against his forehead, contrasting effortlessly with the paleness of his flawless complexion. John swallowed the knot in his throat as his heart swelled with an overwhelming need to protect, to be gentle with the boy, to be nothing but honest and kind and sweet to the tall, thin figure he was so seemingly fond of, when he’d only known him for a mere short time.
"Next," The man snapped at him, and Sherlock glared whilst stepping forwards, slowly finding his place in the line up of children and teenagers.
“I’m not quite sure,” Molly mumbled, before she bit her lip and turned guiltily away, “but I may have frightened him.”
“Good on you, mate,” Lestrade scoffed toward Sherlock, appreciation in the amused smile atop his features, before he turned back to Molly with pink cheeks and the very same smile turned into a look purely
Sherlock smirked and rolled his eyes at the arbitrary statement, shaking his head in the dark of his surroundings and lifting his thumbs frantically, as though the message would soon disappear.
“Sherlock, we need to talk about this,” Mycroft pushed with a scowl, and placed both his hands on the back of
John bobbed his head happily and removed himself from the table, stepping to the side and turning towards the exit doors, but not before throwing a short, simple, “It’s a
“That better not be the case, Mr. Holmes,” Victor purred lightly, fingers suddenly digging in harder, so hard Sherlock could feel his nails pressing indentations into his skin.
It had been a cold, incredibly cold, winter and Mycroft had come home with a badge of sorts, exclaiming to his mother and father of how he’d managed to convince the public of his idiotically posh secondary school to vote him as class president. His older brother had trotted around the house, badge on, and head held high, clearly proud of his promotion into the government. Sherlock, of course, had been entirely bitter.
But Sherlock had pushed all of that to the back of his mind, and instead stared, and continued to stare now, as they drove, at John — at his eyes, at his lips, at his blonde and bronze colored hair, at the way his tongue peeked out whenever he was concentrating on a turn here or a traffic light there, at the way the fingers of his hand gripping the steering wheel still danced from time to time with the slow beat of the radio’s humming, tapping against the leather and into Sherlock’s heart, like the pied-piper himself.
The other students around him snickered at his comment, Molly’s eyes practically bulged from their sockets at his response, and Anderson’s already sour face twisted into a look of bitter annoyance.
She fumbled with her purse some more, fingers twisting the small cat key chain attached to its zipper, “That is — I didn’t want to knock. And—and wake you.”
Mike slowly dropped his eyes to the pink blow-up alien tucked against him, blinked and then let out a sharp laugh, layered with alcohol and nervous amusement, his brows arching and his lips quirking upwards, nodding his head to himself and staring at the alien as though it held the answers to all his questions.
Regardless, however, John waited — he would always wait — and simply turned back to the road, following the traffic out of the busy, over-populated area, and back onto calmer streets.
Letting out a sigh and holding back a whimper, Sherlock slammed his door shut and ran to his bed, throwing himself onto the unmade sheets, and hiding his face in a soft, white pillow. Sunday’s — they were the days Siger invited over several of his truest friends, offered them the best scotch, let the lot of them heave a number of cigars, and then sat around, for hours, for what felt like lifetimes, playing poker and yelling about sex, drugs, crime, politics, and their own misfortunes. There was a time when Sherlock had, in fact, been allowed to stick around. He’d hidden in his room, ceased to come out unless it was truly dire.
“Sorry, John,” Sherlock uttered suddenly, and John blinked in confusion, “Seems you’ll have to celebrate your victory
. “The only reason you found out is because you’re nosy and have no adequate sense of personal space.”
John smiled at the memory, recollecting how Harry had always made scrapbooks for Dad to take with him whenever he left for service - it was tradition for her. But then, of course, she’d come out as gay and Dad hadn't taken it too well.
John chewed on his bottom lip, sympathy twisting in the back of his throat, even if Sherlock insisted he was nothing but a nuisance.
, and he thanked the heavens that their hostess came by with the check just as his lips parted to speak. She smiled at them, breaking the lock between their eyes and dropping the check in the middle of the wooden table before leaving once again. John reached for it, clearing his throat and grabbing out his wallet, leaving the exact amount in change and a reasonably generous tip inside the small booklet the woman had brought over before turning back to Sherlock and beaming bright, his makeup still fully intact, expression back to a fond, soft smile as he looked right back at John.
John parked the car in his usual spot with ease, the hand interlocked with Sherlock’s own gently sliding away to put the car into park, their heads swaying just slightly as the car jarred them into a stilled position. All that could be heard was the dull rumble of the engine, keys still in the ignition, and the faint hum of the radio playing
— and John had proved that today, stepping in just before it could go any farther. But, frankly, Sherlock’s greatest fear wasn’t Seb’s punches or his cruel words or what he might do next — it was
? That seemed far more realistic an idea. What if John grew tired? What if he decided he wasn’t that interesting after all? Far worse — what if he found someone else? A
“I am perfectly fine,” Sherlock snapped back, his eyes hesitant as they dropped from John to his duffle and back out the window.
“Physical attractions are common, but a mental connection is rare. Embrace said rarity — for it is far more powerful than the will of the body.”
“What?” John mumbled fearfully as his cheeks where squished together, his voice coming out muffled and utterly ridiculous, his lips puckered like that of a fish.
Soon, but not soon enough, the film came to an end, and the pink-haired lady's voice rose up over the quiet that followed.
Within a few seconds, John was placing his school lunch down directly across from Sherlock Holmes, and sitting with a huff, removing his red backpack and shoving it on the floor beside him.
was the one thing he’d never asked for, the one thing he never wanted again, after his father, after Mycroft.
Lestrade lifted his head from his own phone, clearing his throat to add his own outlook on the situation, running a hand through his silver-dyed hair as he flicked his chin forward, “Oi, John has a point.”
And finally Sherlock met his older brother’s eyes, and hoped that somehow he had managed to summon enough pure rage to scare off the man of whom had just insulted his only real reason to live, his only real reason to be Sherlock Holmes.
He heard Molly hum from behind the curtain as she began slipping on the yellow cocktail dress, "Alright, well, how much
he snapped at himself. He just had to ask. That was all. Simple. Easy. Polite. They could hang out, Sherlock could talk to John for a bit, allow his uncle time to calm down, time to drink himself unconscious, and then he’d sneak back in and come up with something to do on his Sunday-away-from-home. Good. Fine. Grand.
“Well,” John shrugged and got up off the bed, heading over towards her, and sneaking a hand over to grab the handle of one mug, grinning to himself, smug and clever, “you
“That there’s Mike Stamford, president of the GSA, and calculus expert,” he pointed to a chubbier boy with round glasses and short hair, of whom bobbed his head happily, his entire body shaking slightly with the movement and his stubby fingers gripping to his playing cards. John found it endearing and yet again felt that burst of thankful fondness, his mind at ease knowing these boys were the right ones. He took a note to ask Stamford about joining the GSA after lunch.
Just before he dropped his eyes and refocused on the next story Greg had begun prattling on about, John caught sight of a tall, thin figure speeding his way through and into the dining hall, pushing aside the entrance doors and slipping into the now empty dining line. John recognized him instantly — the boy of whom had sent his vinyls clattering to the floor. He took note of his ruffled curls and annoyed stance as he spoke animatedly to the ladies working the kitchen, clearly irritated with his last minute decision to eat. John admired the way he stood; tall and broad in his school uniform, far more casual than before, shirt untucked, tie loose, sweater vest vacant, and shoes seemingly sock-less. He studied the boy carefully as he swept past the elderly ladies working the line, grabbing simple things, a few chips and a water bottle the only thing sat atop his plate, and John frowned as he saw the boy blink down at his tray, as though deciding whether it were enough, before he turned to find an empty table in the large hall, which, of course, was no difficult leap.
And then Victor smiled, and the wrinkles by his eyes crinkled, his lips pulling back, white teeth revealed beneath a pale pink, kiss-swollen mouth, expression relieved and content, the very opposite of how Sherlock was feeling. The tall artist grinned and reached for Sherlock’s waist, running his fingers along Sherlock’s hips soothingly and humming to himself, smile turning to a smirk as he arched a brow and leaned in further.
Another two hours passed before he realized the reason for his sudden blindness was simply because he hadn’t been able to cease his tears.
The detective felt his fingers tapping anxiously against his thigh, body shivering, blood going cold with every word that left Molly’s mouth, heart hammering against its bodily prison.
He walked back over to his leather chair and reached for the violin, untouched and unmarked in all the commotion. Perfectly pristine — as usual. He sat once more and hugged the instrument to his chest, swallowing and staring blankly at the smashed remains of what had once been the inners of their kitchen cabinet.
Watson and it was beginning to seep through his every move; it was in the curve of his toe as he pointed it outwards in a graceful tap, swaying with the melody singing out of the small stereo’s speaker, a music track he chose distinctly because he had been thinking about
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, eagerly tried to calm his nervous, rapid breaths, and then tucked his phone back into his pocket, arching a brow John’s way, leaning forward and folding his arms atop the table’s cold surface.
Sherlock was leaning back in the car seat, a smile engrained in his expression as they drove along the busy London streets, taxicabs skating past here and there, drivers honking their horns at traffic lights as though it had some sort of magical effect, street lights beginning to flicker on as the sun got lower and lower. John was sat at his side and they were reveling in a comfortable silence, the radio muffled as commercials played obnoxiously for several minutes, promising the music would return shortly. John found himself dropping his gaze on the road to catch a glimpse of Sherlock every once in a while, his face gentle and at peace, and John was drowning in the softness behind his eyes. He lsitenined intently as the last of the commercials finally faded out into a song, electronic and strangely familiar and within a few seconds of hearing the tune, John let out a loud laugh that startled Sherlock into turning to gaze wide-wide-eyed his way.
But, quick as he could, vulnerability far too close to its edge, far too apparent, Sherlock turned his head away and swallowed, “No.”
I’m writing this chapter on my mobile so I apologise in advance for the many spelling mistakes I’m going to make.
Every time Anderson called he would put off Rosie's placement for another week, which was incredibly frustrating to the pair. As much as they had grown to love Rosie they couldn't cater to what she needed properly. Both occasionally had thought they would rather have liked Rosie to stay with them, but these were immediately brushed off as selfishness. Rosie needed people who knew what they were doing. Still, the process was taking forever and Anderson wasn't helping one little bit. Perhaps that was why Sherlock was so surprised when he picked up his mobile to the news.
Rosie had a small pile of presents next to her. She was shocked when there were a few with her name on them, this had never happened before. Still she was able to accept and open everything. John could feel himself bursting with pride at how far she had come in such a short time.
“Sherlock, if you don’t do something about that girl today then I will. I can’t stand by and watch a child be a slave to that evil monster.”
Jim looked at her. Then, suddenly he pulled a cattle prod from behind the chair he was sitting on and stabbed the girl with it. She silently screamed as the current ran through her little body. She had messed up. “Did you get permission to speak fleabag?” He smirked as she violently shook her head. “I tricked you. Remember, questions don’t always mean you get to answer them.” She fought to stand back up and remained with her head dipped in submission fighting back what was sure to be a fit of coughing. She had had a chill since she had been hosed down as a punishment and was made to sleep outside in the rain.
When Molly came in she went to see Rosie first. This time, Rosie was in a more comfortable space and was much more able to prepare herself for what would be asked of her. This made the whole process go quite quickly. Molly then let Rosie fall back asleep and went downstairs to talk to John and Sherlock.
Her height and weight were all pretty smooth as well, though Sarah noticed she was flinching at every single move. Unfortunately this was just the calm before the storm which came when she tried to take her heartbeat. "Now Rosie if you could just lift up your shirt for me to put this on your chest." Who would have known that such a simple everyday action would have surfaced so many memories.
I'm really enjoying writing this story so I hope you are enjoying 3am ideas that I've never actually put on paper before. This is my first story that I've put on here haha!
Sherlock wasn't too sure how to talk to a teenager, let alone in this situation, so he kept his mouth shut. He opened up his newspaper and was glad to see that the slave market had made headlines. It was destroyed, for now at least.
"Oh Rosie, you haven't done anything wrong. Sherlock and I would really love for you to stay, but this family will be able to take better care of you. You are always welcome to come and visit. I'll leave you to pack now, you are welcome to take anything that we have bought for you. You are welcome to use this to put everything in." He handed her the bag and then left without another thought.
"Well for the concussion she needs total bed rest, same for her ribs. I would say at least a week. Her upper back should heal on its own, remove the dressing after three days. The bandages on her back will need changing in a week. Her thighs should heal on their own but please try to keep an eye on them. Her knees are in splints to keep them in place, this is looking to be for about six weeks but she needs to be able to learn to walk in them before you take them off. I've prescribed antibiotics for the infection and the UTI, iron tablets and B12 that needs to be injected. John I'm guessing you can do that. If its okay with you both I would like to come back in a week to see how she is?"
To her relief neither Sherlock not John were sat in the sitting room. That meant she was able to start cooking breakfast without anybody watching her, and she was glad she was up early enough to cook. She opened up the fridge and was greeted by a foot in a plastic bag. She was shocked, but knew she had to get cooking. She used the tip of one finger to move it to the side and carefully pulled out some bacon. Great. She found some tomatoes, eggs, and a loaf of bread. She places the bacon and tomatoes under the grill and scrambled the eggs.
"I'm a slave John, I'm paying off my parent's debt. Its the way stuff has worked since I was really young. It's my duty as a daughter to pay off the debt. People own me and I cater to their every needs. Then Jim gave me to you as a gift. Now I'm here to serve you but you haven't asked me to serve you in anything and it doesn't make any sense." Rosie was crying now as she realised what had happened and how she had questioned her owner. A small mantra of 'I'm sorry' fell from her lips.
Rosie sat alone, waiting a minute before she had the courage to pull on her dress. She let her hair out of its ponytail and brushed it out. Looking at herself in the mirror she realised how different she looked. No longer did her bones stick out and her face look like it was slightly grey. The bags under her eyes had disappeared. She liked how she looked now. She looked less desperate or sad, she was healthy.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When John came down he was the one to break the silence between them. "I never asked you. What is your name?" When he was only met back with a look that expected something else he remembered what had happened back at Jim's house. "I know how it was with Jim, however it's not like that here. You are allowed to ask and answer any questions you want to. You are allowed to speak at any time."
“In the basement there are two blankets and a bucket, but those do not belong to me Sir.” Her heart was racing. What would this new owner do to her? Did he have any other slaves? What did he mean by her being his help for experiments?
"It's much more than we can do. Even if it is just a week it will be one of the hardest weeks of her life. A new way of thinking and a new environment are being introduced."
“But Sherlock, she’s with Jim Morriarty. I don’t trust him with her, she’s what, twelve? We have to help her.”
John made a mental note to drop the Sir in the morning. He wouldn't do it now though it was far too late in the day to have that conversation.
“John, are you sure that you don’t want any tea?” Jim asked. John’s blood turned cold at the thought of drinking tea from this man, but at the same time he was absolutely parched.
John had gone back downstairs to the living room and opened his laptop to start writing his blog. He tried to type everything up, he needed to process what had happened but the words just weren't forming. Frustrated he slammed his laptop down and picked up a newspaper. Sherlock slammed the door to his bedroom in frustration. John looked at him, it was unlike him to get this angry when he was bored. With Jim Morriarty coming back into society and Rosie they were probably in the least boring situation they had been in for a very long time. However, Sherlock was still stomping around like there was nothing to do whatsoever.
Sorry this took so long to get out, basically I was an idiot and forgot to save it so like the entire chapter deleted and I have had no motivation to re write the whole thing. Here it is though!
Yeah I am surprisingly good at this daily update thing so hopefully you get more soon. I can't make any promises though :)
Sherlock thanked her for coming round before she left the two upset men in their living room. John was right, healing hurts.
“Sherlock I don’t know how I can repay you. I must give you a present of my thanks. If there is anything I can do for you. Now, I must be telling you to be off I have an appointment with the slave trader who is hopefully going to put a value on fleabag here.”
Rosie's face burned. She started eating her toast quicker in the hope that John wouldn't notice. "Rosie?" He asked. Rosie couldn't bring herself to look at him. How would he react if he knew she lacked such a simple life skill? She would probably send her back cleaning, after all that's all she was good for. On that subject she was confused. Here she was, a slave being brought breakfast in her bed! What had happened there?
She didn't think much about seeing a doctor, she imagined it to be like the health check at the market. She went back upstairs and slipped a pair of black ankle boots. John had called a cab, normally he would take the tube but he didn't want to scare her with the business of London.
"Oh okay." John couldn't help the beam on his face explode, he needed that little reminder that Sherlock was still human.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
John knew exactly what he was talking about. His first week back from Afghanistan was the hardest of his life, mostly because of the wild amounts of adjusting he had to do. God he hoped they could help her.
The door to the house slammed shut, which made her flinch a little. This didn't go un noticed by Sherlock who made a mental note to avoid loud noises. Basically, to not shoot the wall for a while. She was carrying three full shopping bags, containing mostly what looked like clothes. "I got your text and went down to the street with loads of charity shops. I am sorry I couldn't get much new or in fashion but we both know that buying an entire wardrobe full of clothes was going to be too much money, more than either of us could afford. You can get real deals though it's brilliant. You know, about two weeks ago I picked up a telly for only-" Before she could carry on she saw the girl Sherlock was talking about. She was just as skinny and malnourished as she could imagine. There was something else that made her heart pour out. The scared, vulnerable expression on her face maybe? "You must be who Sherlock was talking about. Call me Mrs Hudson everybody else does. I live in the flat downstairs I'm Sherlocks landlady. I've just been out to pick up some things for you. Clothes and toiletries mostly but I found a few things for you to put in your room."
They followed the noise and ran into the living room, where this journey had all started. John had to turn around before he was fully able to process what was before him. Jim with a knife in his hand, pointed at Rosie's throat as she lay on the floor. In the other hand he was holding a cattle prod which he kept using to electrocute her over and over and over again. She looked like she was in so much pain John thought he was going to be sick. He was frozen to the spot and all his senses were failing him. The only thong that could cut though his fog of thoughts was Sherlock's voice.
"I hope you like it, you can always move some things around if you don't. I'm going to let you sleep now, take some pyjamas from the bottom draw if you want to. The clothes in the wardrobe are yours by the way, anything in the room is yours. Oh - there is also a bathroom through that door of you need the bathroom or a drink in the night. I have left a glass." John wasn't a fan of her drinking out of the bathroom taps but he knew that she wouldn't go down to the kitchen to get anything. He knew she needed to drink, she was showing all the signs of classic dehydration. Her body seemed so broken. He thought to himself he had better check her out but then he realised she was still traumatised, she was struggling to speak. She probably wouldn't be too happy with a man checking her out after what had happened at the market. He would have to take her to the doctor.
She nodded in obedience, wincing as she put pressure on her feet that were now severely damaged. As soon as she was out of the room she let herself cry. She just wanted John and Sherlock to come and rescue her. They wouldn't though, they had given her back. They were probable glad to be rid of her.
Without warning a scream ripped through Rosie's vocal chords and into the air. Sarah, stunned tried to get words out. "Rosie, I'm sorry, but I'm going to need you to calm down."
Rosie woke up in an unfamiliar environment. She was in a very comfortable space and could feel many heavy blankets on top of her. She didn't want to open her eyes, afraid she might be dreaming and that she would wake up back at Jim's house away from this comfort. Then she remembered Sherlock and John, breakfast, and … oh shit. She shot her eyes open to see John sitting at the end of her bed holding a plate of cookies and a tall glass of water.
When they arrived at the surgery, John awkwardly said hi to Sarah. They were both taken instantly into a room and Sarah explained what she would have to do. Blood tests, urine samples, everything. Then John would have to leave the room and her height, weight, blood pressure would be taken. Taking the samples all went smoothly. She didn't even flinch at the blood test which was extremely unusual for a child of her age. When John left the room he was sure that the rest would go fine, she seemed pretty calm.
John watched as the same girl from yesterday came in carrying multiple plates of food for them. Everything was included, scones, sandwiches, tiny cakes, hell it was comparable to the Ritz! John looked at Sherlock who gave him a nod to confirm the food was safe to consume. It was amazing. All while they were eating the child was kneeling beside them ready to pour tea or cater to any other need that may arise. John decided that he would try and smuggle some food to her if he could. He watched the girl, so many questions arising that he wanted to ask her, but he refrained from checking if she was ok. He knew from experiences with his Father that being asked if you are ok can only aggravate people further. He was so caught up in his thoughts that he tuned out of Sherlock and Jim’s conversation.
"What have you done?" Her owner glared at her with piercing eyes. He grabbed the riding crop and ripped of her shirt. He kept building and building and building until she was a whimpering mess. "There. Your punishment bitch."
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Don’t think that this whole process has made us friends Morriarty, I still think you are the embodiment of evil in a human being. I still do not trust you, and I still will do everything I can to bring you down.”
“Dog,” She looked up from pouring her tea but kept her head slightly bowed. “Tell the lovely Sherlock Holmes and Dr Watson about where you came from. Then fetch us some food, the biscuits will do.”
"But, that's not why I was brought here. I was a thank you gift from Jim to you and Sherlock. Sherlock chose me to be the gift." Rosie was avoiding looking at John again.
“That’s a privilege. Use your fucking hands.” He pushed her down and electrocuted her. The glass was cutting into her hand as she tried to sweep it up and put it in the bin next to her. When she had finished (not without Jim using the cattle prod on her every ten minutes) she was told to clean up and then be dismissed to one of the many basements where she would sleep every night.
Rosie tiptoed over to the wardrobe and grabbed the first pair of pyjamas she saw and put them on. She wasn't used to this, all of these...things. She opened the door to the bathroom to see a small room with a shower, a toilet and a sink. She had been using a bucket for so many years, so was slightly unsure of what to do. She tentatively sat down, relieved herself, stood up and pressed the button on the top. She washed her hands with the creamy soap, brushed her teeth with the new toothbrush and toothpaste and helped herself to a glass of water.
About a month had passed since Rosie had moved in with Sherlock and John, and she had finally settled into a routine. She would wake up, shower, dress, and then cook breakfast for the three of them. Then she would spend the morning being tutored to catch her up to the usual educational standard for her age. She was naturally very intelligent so was picking things up really quickly, and she did enjoy watching Sherlock do experiments whilst she took diligent notes on what was happening. That didn't mean there was still so much for her to learn. Something she had taken to immediately was the violin. She would take Sherlock's upstairs with her during her free time in the afternoons and play and play. Sherlock had taught her the very basics and then she had flown. She was at a level that would usually take people years to achieve, it had become her love. Life wasn't all sunshine and rainbows for her, there were still nights where she woke up screaming and still days where she would slip into old habits. However she was on the road to recovery, and that's all that mattered.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The three of them entered the small house. John went upstairs to clear his room and change the sheets on his bed, the girl needed a proper room and he could just share with Sherlock until they found a more permanent solution. The police were going to come in a few hours but it was likely she was going to have to stay with them that night, it was already the early hours of the evening. She was not a fan of the fact she was alone with Sherlock, the man was very tall and looked like he would be able to hurt her very easily. However she was in no place to say anything like that. She decided that she would just try as hard as she could to stay out of his way. She knew from their conversation with Jim that these two men were to be her new owners, so she just waited to be given a task from Sherlock. He, however, did not tell her to do anything apart from sit down. She was confused. Never had someone asked her to sit on a chair before. She tentatively perched on the edge of the sofa, not wanting to get into trouble.
“I like canary yellow,” Sherlock admitted, leaning back a bit in his chair, eyes fixed on John, watching as he let out another soft giggle and nodded in response to Sherlock’s answer.
Sherlock’s cheeks burned, his limbs tingled, his fingers trembled and his heart sped up, and he resisted the awfully compelling temptation to reach over, place his hand against John’s jaw and make their lips
John, on the other hand, seemed entirely pleased with himself, beaming brightly as he slipped past Sherlock and grabbed out a carton of eggs from the fridge, followed by the raw packet of uncooked bacon.
“Good, I’m glad,” John hummed, leaning forwards and pressing his nose to Sherlock’s ear, letting his lips trail softly against his neck whilst his fingers slid up and over his far too prominent ribs, “Because you feel absolutely
“When do you plan on kissing him then?” She asked next, turning to face him and eyeing the still full cup of ale in his hand before arching a sculpted, amused brow at the small gasp that escaped his lips.
And then Sherlock was smiling back and John felt as though he were soaring, the small curve of those plush lips like a delicacy begging to be kissed but not touched, a look so soft John could sit and admire it for hours, gentle and warm, and so so very pretty.
At the sound of John scoffing, Sherlock whirled back to face him, frown widening into a look of utter confusion as the boy he was so very in love with giggled that infamously adorable giggle.
. This particular routine was to be reminiscent of his earlier videos, when he’d merely dance to wordless instrumentals, no words, no lyrics, no voices, simply mechanisms that brought forth timeless rhythms with the touch of a key, the deliverance of a note, or the pluck of a string.
what you saw,” He snapped, lifting a quivering finger and jamming it directly in front of Sherlock’s face, “Clear?”
“Better not,” Harry winked, expression sly and teasing now, no longer creased with muted worry, “or else I’ll burn every one of these posters.”
question,” He said, another wink aimed Sherlock’s way, and with that, his hand dropped from the dancer’s elbow and he moved to stride away once more, a movement Sherlock quickly followed, all while simultaneously pushing the disappointment of John’s enigmatic answer to the side and desperately trying to hide the reddening of his cheekbones.
“Hey,” the rugby captain grinned, his ocean eyes dropping carefully over the entirety of Sherlock’s body, calculating and focused, as though double-checking he hadn’t been hurt once more between the span of when John had dropped him off and now.
John blinked, frowned, and then sighed, shaking his head and putting down his headphones once more, turning his body back to face James Sholto and arching a brow curiously.
A shrug. “Asking,” Sherlock murmured, voice deep and muffled by the downward angle of his chin, “if I’m okay, how I’m doing, what the matter is.”
“How did I not put two and two together?” John asked aloud to himself, mind imploding, his eyes impossibly wide, watching the boy before him in both shock and awe — here he was, the boy he adored in his reality and the dancer of his dreams, one in the same.
“What’s wrong?” John pushed, noting the tense form of Sherlock’s rigid posture, the crease between his furrowed eyebrows, the nervous, skittish way he moved, facing just slightly away from where John sat on the edge of the mattress.
He shut is eyes once more and thumped his head yet again against his steering wheel, but before he could fall too deep into his own mental agony, a poke to the side of his stomach sent him turning right back to Harry again, his face portraying what could only be deduced as misery — not because tonight had been quite the night of
“Sherlock,” John breathed out, closing his eyes for a moment to calm his edged nerves, his thumping heart, the excitement pumping through his veins. He moved his hand from the boy’s shoulder to his elbow, tugging slightly in an attempt to turn the genius around.
He heard the passenger door open at his left and he nearly jolted out of his skin as his sister slid in beside him, turning and tucking her legs beneath her as she began staring directly at him, shaped brows arched his way suspiciously, caramel brown hair done-up in a loose bun, green uniform thrown on haphazardly, lashes lined with mascara and lips a light shade of pink — she’d clearly been given another nightshift.
,  warm and soft and kind, and Sherlock could not even bring himself to open his mouth. Instead, he just stared, bewildered by this strange human being who so abruptly and so distinctly impacted his life in such a short period of time.
“Christ, John,” Greg said from behind him before he moved and took hold of both John’s shoulders, shaking him a little, or perhaps shaking some sense back into him, “Are you out of your mind?”
“Well, I play rugby,” John stated, smiling as Greg, Bill and James lit up with intrigue, “and I’d love to be a part of the GSA, maybe even the debate team?”
“Saturday at seven, I reckon,” Mike stated and turned to them as a whole, “Pass the word on and invite anyone you like. Tell them to dress up too. I want it to be big!”
“Who’s they?” John interrogated, one brow arched and eyes narrowed, eager to get to the bottom of this entire mess, panic and resentment for whom he could guess had a hand in things resting in the pit of his stomach.
Anyway its a bit shorter than usual but it didn't seem to fit at the beginning or other end of other chapters so yeah.
“John, she is one girl. If we rescue her then another girl will just get the exact same treatment. We are better off leaving things the way they are.” John looked at Sherlock astounded at how he could say such a thing. This carried on when they walked into the house Jim was staying in. They recognised it as the same large suburban house as the one he hid in whilst pretending to be Richard Brooke. Sure enough, the girl answered the door. She let them in, took their coats to and then disappeared into the kitchen area.
I'm sorry this took so long to get out, basically both my parents are keyworkers (a teacher and a nurse) so I have had to look after my siblings during the daytime and its kinda worn me out but here you go kiddos.
"John you will not believe the idiot Lestrade, he still hasn't been able to find a placement for Rosie and she will be staying with us for another week after this one is over. She needs specialist treatment not some random men in a flat!" Sherlock shook his head. "And, get this. He has given her case over to Anderson. Flipping Anderson of all people. He doesn't know shit about her." Sherlock stopped. "You're crying, that means something is wrong." He sat beside John and took his hand.
The doorbell rang before they had even started to comprehend what was happening. Mrs Hudson showed the couple upstairs. Everything happened so fast. Rosie came downstairs, she was pulled out of the door away from her place of security and loaded into a car.
“How about I take it home with me. I could do with someone to help with my experiments.” Johns attention snapped back. Sherlock was talking about the girl. John had to fight not to kick himself right there and then. Sherlock had his ways; he wasn’t surprised this was happening. God he loved that man.
Sherlock never thought he would be in this scenario. Him and his best friend John, in the house of Jim Morriarty, drinking tea. They were talking about how they could reintroduce him back into society, something Sherlock was very much not keen on doing but he saw no other option to keep London safe. John wasn’t entirely sure how this worked, he knew that Sherlock had been promised that Jim would not be blowing up parliament if Sherlock helped him, but he was sure parliament would find itself in smithereens anyway. Especially after that failed attempt a few years back, Jim was desperate.
As if sensing Sherlock’s suspicion, Haymitch turned to him with a brow arched, one side of his mouth quirking at the corner as he tilted his head inquiringly, “Problem?
He yanked the boy closer, smiling warmly his way, his hips swaying, his eyes darting over every inch of his dance partner, the twitch of those pink lips, his pale complexion, clear and porcelain, the way his curls framed his high cheekbones and the bright multicolored beauty of his eyes. He admired the amused look in his furrowed brows and the way he looked in all black, seemingly so very dark and untouchable, like the moon itself.
Most loathed him; they hated that he spoke his mind, that he could deduce all their secrets, that he could see what others could not. And he hated them right back. Because he didn't need friends, or companions, or a love interest, for God's sake. No. He didn't need anyone. Not in an era where children had to kill other children, where districts despised one another in an act to please the Capitol and its multicolored mutants.
Moran balked at that, his eyes widening, and before Sherlock gave him the chance to take a swing, he slammed the door shut and pushed forwards in the direction Sebastian had told him earlier. No, he wouldn’t say anything, he wouldn’t share his new evidence, expose the boy of whom had threatened him countless times, insulted his very existence for what felt like a lifetime. It wasn’t his place to
John shrugged it off and shook his head, clearing his throat and allowing his old friend a short, glaring glance, before sighing and running a hand through his damp hair. “Let’s just get this practice over with, yeah?”
P.S. I come with gifts also! The fic now has a Spotify! An official one, made by me, and one that you can add to and put songs on that give you Reach My Eyes vibes or even songs you think Sherlock would dance to!
“You could stay at mine tonight. If you wanted.” John offered, hoping he wasn’t coming off as far too overzealous — he didn’t expect anything, Sherlock didn’t even have to kiss him again tonight if he didn’t want to
John swallowed thickly, annoyed by his friend’s denseness, and snatched his phone back, letting out a sigh and shaking his head, “A suitable one.”
“Messy handwriting, chicken scratch, honestly. The obsessive hand-washing,” Sherlock looked away wearily, watching the people ahead of them as they continued to stroll down the pavement, “the different face you make when someone sneezes, or coughs, or blows their nose.”
John felt a grin stretch across his features as he shut the refrigerator door and settled instead for tea, clicking the switch to the kettle and watching as the water within began to boil and bubble, “What?”
Sherlock quickly nodded and took the hand held out to him, grasping it tightly and reveling in the warmth beneath John’s palm, skin on skin practically throwing Sherlock’s mind into a rampage of excitement, nervousness, and desperate desire. He lifted himself up, with John’s help, and shyly brushed at his jeans, his bones bruised and still sore as he stood before the rugby captain, of whom was now beaming his way as though Sherlock back on his feet was some sort of gift to the world.
The two of them laughed quietly to themselves, staring softly down at their laps before lifting their heads once more, their eyes meeting yet again, the hold far more powerful this time, those oceanic irises brimming with waves, bright and active, and the silver shimmer of Sherlock’s own simply glistening, surrounded by golden speckles, light and unafraid. Sherlock swallowed and held strong, willing his inappropriate thoughts away and looking at his friend —
"It's time for you to cook. There are some steaks, do something with them." Said Jim as he roughly pulled her to her feet.
"Um, let me think. No. I've used her how I wanted to, I think I might kill her now." He walked over to the child who had crammed herself into a corner carrying the knife.
She complied only leaving a small vest and underwear that she would be allowed to keep, feeling cold and exposed. “And food. Do you think you deserve a food privilege today?” She shook her head; she had spilt the wine of course she wasn’t going to get food. He surprised her by pulling out a few pieces of bread and throwing them at her. She quickly took them and began to eat, slowly. With that Jim turned around and left her in the dark room. She realised he hadn’t turned the water on for her to drink and sighed. Her ever permanent headache from the thirst was worse, her throat felt like sand after eating the dry bread. She realised that he had used the food as a punishment, to make her thirstier. That was just like him. With no clothes or blankets to cover her she curled up on the other side of the room.
“Good dog.” He electrocuted her again and she fell to the floor. She didn’t need to be told to crawl off and fetch the food. John looked at the man in front of him who was looking incredibly smug. “Sorry John, Sherlock. I shouldn’t be neglecting you, and we have my reintegration to plan. How about we finish up here today and meet same time tomorrow?”
"Please Rosie, were not like the other people in you life. Call me John, and same goes for Sherlock."
Rosie's eyes fluttered open. She realised she was on the floor in Jim's bedroom. He was stood above her. She then realised quite how much pain she was in.
Rosie continued to cook, continuously stirring the eggs adding a lump of butter and slosh of milk to make them extra creamy. She also put a few slices of bread in the toaster. The tomatoes were starting to char and the bacon was getting a nice amount of crisp to it. She had another look in the fridge and realised there was a carton of apple juice. One look at it and she realised it would be inedible, two months past it's sell by date. She notices a few oranges that looked like they needed using anyway. She made quick work of squeezing the juice out of them in a method Rosie had taught her. It got most of the juice out and she was sure she had enough for Sherlock and John to have two glasses each.
She was stunned. This was a completely new rule. "Thank you Sir, people call me dog, fleabag, bitch, cow, vermin and a few others Sir."
”Thank you John.” She pulled it out of the bag. It was green and had a velvety texture. “It’s lovely.”
Sherlock's face fell. He immediately stood up and threw his coat over his shoulders. He was muttering to himself as a look of complete urgency had formed on his face.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“If it is ok with Jim you can bring the blankets with you.” He looked over at Jim who nodded, she quickly walked off.
Mrs Hudson gasped as she came downstairs. So did Molly, who had only just come up the stairs. Molly was smiling at how much better she was since her first appointment with her. “You look beautiful, that colour suits you.”
John swallowed back the impending sob in the back of his throat. He made sure Rosie drank enough and took her tablets and then left her doodling on her new notepad. It struck him quite how talented she was but he decided not to mention it for the moment. Once he had shut the door he immediately started sobbing silently. He went the stairs and collapsed onto the sofa, breaking down.
She knew she couldn't hide it any longer and she didn't want John to be annoyed at her for lying. "I can't read John."
“Now” said Jim interrupting her thoughts. “Go and get us the food, finish with the fireplace, then report back here. You are to only travel on your hands and knees for the rest of the day as an extra punishment for speaking without permission. This is to remind you of your animal state. What are you? You have permission to answer my question.” By this point Jim had nearly forgotten about the presence of Sherlock and John who were watching perplexed at the way he treated the child.
"The market sir? They called me whore and slut." She said, embarrassed. She didn't know what that word meant, but people would often call her it after they were alone and they would touch her in places she didn't want. Once she realised that she knew it was bad, and if she was called a bad thing she must have done something bad.
Rosie though for a moment, but she didn't want to waste this Molly person's time. Besides, she knew it was better to just get the examination over with. She tentatively agreed.
"Sherlock I have the most amazing news for you, I have found a couple that are willing to take the girl. They have experience with kids with similar problems to her so she will do great with them. I have sent a cab over to pick Rosie up, it will be there in just under an hour."
Rosie didn't say anything for a long time. She was trying to process everything that had just been said. "So I'm leaving?" she asked quietly. Her head was bowed, very similar to how she would always hold herself when she had first arrived. "Have I displeased you Sir? Is there anything I can do for you to want me again?" Rosie knew she didn't want to leave, she had been treated so well and was even given freedom. Sherlock would teach her the violin and let her watch his experiments, and John would hold her when she had nightmares and stay with her until she fell asleep. She was willing to do anything to keep this.
,” John scoffed, shaking his head and stepping closer, much to the resent of Sherlock’s already fractured composure.
John rolled his eyes and bit his bottom lip, glancing over at the tipsy state of his friend, smirking her red lips, and the guilty look on the other, lilac hair flowing down around her drearily — he wasn’t mad at Molly,
Sherlock blinked and bit his lip thoughtfully, sighing to himself before turning back to his screen just as another message came through, popping up unexpectedly in the chat box; a small grey bubble, mundane font of the worded text black in hue.
, Sherlock observed fondly, feeling his cheeks heat at the very idea that perhaps John was flustered over
John swallowed and slowly, casually, looked around at the other students, taking note of the page they were on and quickly flipping his own copy to its rightful place, before going back to their stimulating conversation.
“What?” The brunette asked, expression curious and perplexed, brows drawn together at the sight of John’s wide grin.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking,” He announced, a brow arched challengingly, admiring the way the boy’s face changed into a look of amused confusion. Internally, he was
“Speedy’s cafe,” Sherlock replied, voice hoarse and unsteady as he kept his palms on the heater, the softness of his tone knocking John from that dark place deep in his mind, the one that urged him to lean in close and kiss the trembles right out of him.
He shut his eyes tight, only to feel the touch slowly soften to a simple placement of hand, skin warming him through the soft fabric of his white dress shirt. He glanced up at John of whom was staring down at him in concern, blue puddles of distress shining down upon his pale, blank expression.
things, John,” His friend murmured, expression pained, and John’s heart clenched with guilt for ever having been the least bit irritated with Greg Lestrade.
“Why, because he’s smarter than the lot of you combined?” Greg snorted, grinning wide and bright, pleased with himself.
John shrugged, eager to keep himself together, and cleared his throat, “It's nearly the weekend. Most people do stuff on the weekend, ya know?” He took another bite of his apple.
“Not a fan of beer, then?” John smiled, trying his best to let him know it was okay, he didn’t mind either way — the last thing he’d want was Sherlock feeling pressured to drink in order to fit in with the tipsy crowd around them.
Sherlock bobbed his head in understanding and slowly meandered out of the doorway and into the corridor, shivering at the weight of John’s eyes on his back.
He lifted his head and ran a hand through his curls, grabbing for his phone and glancing at the screen, spotting his missed messages and clicking on John’s contact hurriedly, as though, in any moment, they may disappear.
Sally Donovan glanced over at him, a brow arched, her wiry brown curls done up in a pristine bun as she twirled a loose end in her ring clad index finger, observing him intently, a look of amused judgment staining her sneering expression.
Sherlock glanced at him through tired, surreal eyes, his curls hanging messily over his brow, his body hunched and slightly guarded, per usual, before he cleared his throat and blinked back at John, as though confused, as though severely perplexed by John’s offer, “What?”
Blushing, Sherlock shook his head and fell back, lying with his head flat against the pillow, taking his turn to look at the ceiling, all that attention fixed on his every move far too daunting — John would surely see how fucking gone on him he was if he wasn’t careful.
