He repeats; it’s a mantra conveying his every need in the two syllables of his name. Tony’s fumbling between them, puffs of teasing laughter mixed with his shallow uneven breaths tickle Steve’s neck.
He gets up and Steve rushes to meet him, stopping short and not daring to touch in case he might break the spell.
“Oh,” Steve says as they’re plunged into darkness. They both sit not moving but giggling in the dark until they hear a throng of voices approaching. The automatic light clicks on from the corridor and beams underneath the door.
” How chivalrous of Steve to remember his manners when asking for something so debauched. It’s the only encouragement he needs; he’s so hard that he can feel his pulse in his swollen cock.
Needless to say, no sign of forced entry was ever found, except for the broken lock on the cabinet.”
“You call me here to rub salt in or what?” Tony’s getting in his space.
Tony was lost in his thoughts over-tightening a screw on the chest plate of the mark 46, his heart’s not really in it. He wasn’t sure what was more embarrassing, what he was coming to refer to as
His eyes glaze over and Steve isn’t sure Tony can see him.
There are three front doors lined up like ignition coils to choose from each one looking about as derelict as the next, “That part she left out…” Natasha reaches for the flip phone in her pocket. Her hand freezes and Sam’s eyes go wide when the air shifts and goes heavy, vibrations rumble through the floor beneath their feet, like a distant engine firing up and a voice echoes around seemingly coming from nowhere and everywhere all at once.
“Did you know-” Tony starts, picking a choice fruit for himself, never once taking his eyes off him, “-that strawberries are quite a
was going to happen.” She murmurs quietly letting herself out onto the fire escape.
His hand slips against sleek fabric,
Steve subconsciously braces every muscle in his body, stretches up to his full height. “That’s not fair. I never-“
your friend,
“Umm… If you want it to?” Steve takes a cautious step back, worried he’ll do something that’s going to set Tony off laughing again.
with me Steve.”
Tony falls asleep half splayed across Steve’s chest, his head resting over where the metronomic thud of Steve’s heart keeps perfect rhythm, with one of Steve’s arms wrapping his shoulder.
“There’s no getting one around you.” She said shaking her head like a disapproving mother and stepping close enough to slip an arm through her companion’s joining them at the elbow, “come on, it’s this way, we’ll walk and talk.” Natasha felt the initial resistance of the person on her arm give as she fell into step next to her.
Nobody comes to check on him anymore.
He rests his hands at his sides digging his fingertips into the screwed up blankets and wills his body to stop throbbing,
“It was Hydra,” he blurts, “the break-in I mean. Sorry, I didn’t mean to disturb anything,” he rubs at the back of his neck suddenly all too aware of how he must look, he catches Steve’s eye then abruptly drops his gaze to his feet realizing he ran here in his socks. “They err… Well, they took The Winter Soldier file,”
“Like what?” She clicks across the workshop floor in a pair of dangerous looking heels giving him a quizzical look, “You’re not answering your phone, I thought I would bring you the good news.
It’s true, he does - blushing, giddy and nervous all at the same time with frickin’ butterflies the size of Hawk Moths doing summersaults in his stomach. It’s his first time all over again as much as it isn’t, he’s got some twenty years’ worth of experience since then. Twenty years’ worth of tricks,
using a weapon.” He huffs. “And, we’re Earths Mightiest Avengers.
All Steve can manage is a whimper when Tony squeezes his hand around his cock. The angle’s awkward but Tony’s dextrous wrist pivots, twists and strokes all the way down to the base.
“Steve,” he wheezes growing impatient for an answer he rattles the handle not really thinking it through, the door unexpectedly gives and he stumbles into Steve room.
Steve shakes his head. “Can’t sleep?” He asks choosing to look down at the magnolia neutrality of the floor tiles instead of at Tony, because that rush, it will come again, the urge to hit him and kiss him all at the same time when he pulls one of his stupid stunts and leaves everybody who cares in the dark until his triumphant return.
” He fidgets picking at the hem of his t-shirt like he can’t keep still.
Now they meet as enemies and part the same way.
Tony’s hand disappears, all Steve can think is
They’d seen him alright; CNN had been playing it on a seemingly endless loop for the last two hours -
“What’s going on Nat?” He says taking a step forward invading her space, backing her further into the corner. “You know something,” He points an accusing finger to the phone, “Tony’s nearly had an aneurysm over this.” Everything about him screeches ‘coiled spring’. From the way he flares his nostrils to the way he’s subconsciously balling his hands into fists at his side.
Tony’s mouth goes dry. It’s a loaded question, an ‘if I say yes to this it means we're going all the way’ type question.
“You have a dog?” Natasha asks glancing nervously at Ilona as she picks up a black and white print from the table. It was a diffusion tactic,
Steve pleads barely able to look at him.
The water’s perfect, soft like it’s had salt added and warm against his skin, he sighs finding himself shutting his eyes again and sinking beneath the surface with his weight cradled, his muscles letting go of tension he didn’t even realize he was holding onto.
Then everything goes eerily quiet, the back of Steve’s neck prickles and he hears Tony draw in a long steady breath. “Do they know who it was?” There’s a pause when Pepper answers. “Was anybody hurt? No?
They kept walking, the distant rumble of the imminent rain audible above the rustle of the trees in the wind. “Nat,
he says sharply, planting his arms in front of his chest “You’ve got two minutes before I use you as target practice.”
a Shadow Agent,” she says to the ceiling before looking back at Sam and shrugging, “besides, if we all existed within the realms of legality, it would be a
and Tony jumps up, “Have you eaten yet?” He says quickly making a ‘stay’ gesture to Steve then disappearing.
“No, Howard’s filing system was a little antiquated
“You should have. We could have flown in formation. Had a sort of ‘welcome home party’.” Tony all but skipped down the short flight of stairs to his workshop.
Tony.” Steve does the only thing he can do, accepts that their tryst was over and tries to be a tether that’s going to keep Tony grounded. “Look, there is nothing we can do right now.” He rakes a hand in his hair and it comes away sweaty, glancing around for something that going to appease him; spotting the tablet that was abandoned, “I’ll watch the footage with you.
, if I could have your attention, it will only take a moment.” The AI doesn’t give up, his uppety British tone exasperated by his disobedient Master. Tony’s shoulders drop, the spell between him and Steve broken, he turns away without a word.
you needed a night off.” Tony gets up and hands Steve a flute of champagne then busies himself with sliding Steve out of his briefs.
They weren’t the only ones indulging their carnal side tonight.
*      *      *
The driver flashes a thumbs up out the window as he departs leaving Natasha and Sam standing outside a garish Mexican grocery store. They’re close enough to the railway tracks that when a loaded freight train rattles past it shakes the ground under their feet.
curled on the sofa a few doors down.
Steve is lost; somewhere between wanting to grab the back of Tony’s head, telling him to make good on his promise from earlier, or just lying there and letting Tony take him on his terms. He grits his teeth, hands flat against the gratuitous silk of the sheets as his body flinches …
he could have seen the look on Tony’s face when he did it, he hears the noise- the shocked yelp that comes from above; the clatter of the screwdriver Tony knocks off the bench when it hits the floor by his knees. He feels Tony involuntarily jerk his leg out in surprise and catch him in the ribs with his foot.
, but they aren’t there yet. This
Steve makes a good pillow and Tony’s perfect,
by 11 pm. Steve’s not great with phones a flushes crimson at that last one
rather have done this alone.”
-passed that.” Tony’s breath hitches when Steve rakes his teeth across his shoulder and he’s not sure whether he’s more turned on or surprised; a hand he thought would fumble and need encouragement has found his junk; confident fingers wrap the length of him, sliding from the tip to base and signing it with a twist.
“I thought I heard you in here, really going for it huh?” Natasha nods to him from the doorway, smoothing down the folds of her outfit and snapping her purse shut.
The yellow cab pulls off Hunts Point Avenue and heads East along Garrison. “Anywhere along here is fine,” Natasha says smiling at an apprehensive Sam as she addresses the cab driver. He nods and pulls the vehicle to a stop on the corner of Falite Street.
From earlier, which made him feel warm inside was now replaced with the crushing realization that:
going to be drawn out careful touches or elegant and practiced.
Tony shrugs his shoulders and rocks his head from side to side in a non-committal gesture working his jaw and swallowing his mammoth sized bite. “This wasn’t yours was it?” He says frowning and holding up what was left of the crust of the pizza, hip-checking the fridge door shut before wandering over to join Steve who’s picked a spot on the far side of the kitchen counter to lean.
nipples, oversensitive and so hard they could cut glass. Tony’s not sure what to do with
last week. You need to
make a
Natasha watched her turn away shrugging off her grip to rub at the back of her neck, her hand disappearing inside the hood. “Is that because SHIELD doesn’t
I busted out of a Foundation facility when I took the….” Natasha looks at her and she trails off, smiling sheepishly. “You know what?
“Wait… Did you say
Steve asks and hears himself sound pitiful as he blinks back the tear it brought to his eye. Tony’s response is to smirk, with a reckless glint in his eye. He deliberately unlatches his belt, not once tearing his steely gaze from Steve who intakes a sharp breath when Tony jeans and shorts pool around his ankles, his belt buckle hitting the floor with a loud resonant clang.
“Area 13 smells like wet dog,” Tony huffs when he and Steve arrive back at the Tower. Steve chuckles pulling his cowl from his face and heads to the kitchen. “Note to self – don’t ever go back. No matter what, ignore any kind of
Steve says nothing, he doesn’t need to. He pulls Tony close and lifts him off the floor.
He mumbles but damn Super-Soldier-near-bionic-ears hear it.
He curls, searching with the pads of each digit for the spot that’s going to make Steve jolt, and Tony’s reward when he finds it? Steve lets out a noise
what the…
He’s in the frameless canvases of rayonistic artwork he’d commissioned.
. A six by six stone cube that was brought back as part of the ‘Treasures of The Himalayas’ Exhibit-“
and the air rushes from his lungs along with it. It controls his feet over the threshold of Tony’s workshop, makes him look well trained and practiced as he shuffles towards him needing something he doesn’t know how to articulate.
Laughter rumbles from behind him.
“Howard was a founder, and he had
“Wouldn’t you say, Sir, that they do have an uncanny resemblance to the person that broke into your father's warehouse. Unfortunately, that large flash took out all of the electrical equipment so they were never sure of the exit route they took.
He says seething, jabbing a finger at the monitors as it replays the moment the display cabinet opens. “What are you playing at Romanoff? What’s Nick Fury set you up for this time? Or maybe it’s not him at all.” Tony takes a threatening stride forward Steve intervenes splaying a hand on Tony chest.
Steve blinks up at him. “Where have they all been?” He asks, already guessing Tony had something to do with it.
Steve isn’t sure whether to laugh or be terrified, he’s saved by his stomach letting out a monstrous growl, reminding him that he still hadn’t eaten that morning.
It protracted as they both read and re-read the golden text. Natasha growing impatient for an answer as her heels started to sink in the ground.
has more to do with Tony laughing and looking so relaxed whilst telling him how Happy had managed to stain the couch with nacho cheese and tried to blame it on the dog before he remember Tony didn’t have one.
look while he rolls the stem of the glass between his thumb and forefinger. It makes Steve’s mouth go dry every-single-time.
“They might be
“She knew him…” There’s a pause Tony thinks he can hear Steve's breath quicken. “I’ve put a tracker on her,” Natasha says and it’s the first time Tony’s seen her look as guilty as hell.
has been on my property, damaged my property, taken my property,
Tony moves closer offering him the half-bitten fruit, lifting his eyebrow up like he’s daring him to take it.
he feels arms wrap his waist holding him up,
You don’t get to have the moral high ground here Cap,
wanted to try this.” He breathes shameless and wicked against the shell of Steve’s ear. His chest rolls forward pressing against him, pushing Steve back with his weight to get him to stand up. Tony shuffles closer slightly hindered by alcohol and the pants wrapped around his ankles, bites his lip when he looks down and uses his hands to line himself up.
on Area 13 against your morals?” Tony smirks.
He goes still, panting and willing his heart to slow down.
They chat
Steve not sure he’s found the right rhythm; he starts off slow once he gets the hang of not gagging. Flattening his tongue against the underside and pressing the tip along the vein that he can feel Tony’s rising pulse through. Tony shudders and goes tense and Steve starts to pull all the way back until his lips only just cover the head. He feels Tony grab him by his hair and hold him where he is in a mild rushed panic,
happening and neither of them had questioned it.
Tony’s shoulders stiffen under Steve’s gaze and he folds his arms, glancing once at the exit towards the direction of his workshop, a glance Steve doesn’t miss.
In his workshop, there’s nobody there to ask if he’s alright, nobody to ask him where he’s been, nobody to see him spin absently in the office chair, his eyes waxy and his expression lost to the fifty-yard stare, because suddenly everything in here reminds him of Steve, the wound that never really healed ripped wide open again.
Natasha cautiously peers around the kitchen door. It was close to five in the morning and the light that’s coming from under the door was unwelcome. She hadn’t factored anybody else into the equation.
Tony’s a tease and his errant hand is up and out of Steve’s boxers and sliding back over his body.
aka James Barnes,” she hesitates before continuing, not meeting Tony’s eyes, “and an old SHIELD personnel file belonging to one ‘Miss Ilona Warner’,”
There's a shuffling, what sounds like a rifling of papers followed by a clearing of the throat. “I got waylaid-“ the response was cut off by a sleepy yawn, “But it’s all here, what you wanted, as promised.”
The insuppressible wail rips from his throat and tears through air of his workshop, drowning out the low hum of electronics that always permeated the space.
“I’ll come with you-“
Firstly apologies for how long this has taken to update (life has been incredibly busy), aannnd for the fact it is now 5 chapters long instead of 3! Whoops!
anymore? I think there’s irony in there somewhere. I escaped HYDRA just for them to pull me back in as SHIELD…” She squinted up at the sky. The faintest spots of rain starting to fall, small inoffensive splotches that settled onto her clothes before soaking in. “I dunno Nat, maybe there are things I don’t want to find out; like you said, it was
he says his voice too husky and deep even for him.
Who’s he kidding he’s not going anywhere.
Steve obliges and steps back dropping his head as he does so. Tony shoots him a glance confused by the sudden change as he steps forward and it’s Steve’s turn to look at his feet. He shifts uncomfortably out the corner of Tony’s eye, who can't quite believe what’s strewn open on the desk.
Tony’s workshop that he was barred from entering.
Tears stream down Tony’s cheeks and he shakes and shakes with his breathing all wrong, Steve feels like crying, the wild desperate look doesn’t belong on Tony’s face. He never meant for this, seeing him like this, there’s a niggling voice at the back of his head that says:
He wasn’t lecturing, why did everybody think he lectured? It was more, trying to get Tony to see why everybody had been so worried, why Steve hadn’t had any sleep in the forty-eight hours since Tony had decided to jet off solo and cut communication with the whole team.
a limo.” He says disappearing into the bathroom, he comes back out with the forgotten strawberries and a towel that he tosses in Steve’s direction. “He owed me for ruining my couch.” He sits back down next to Steve and starts eating.
The storm finally breaks at dusk, coloring the sky to an inky black. It’s not violent thrashes of thunder and endless sheets of rain; it’s gentle, mumbling off in the distance, sprinkling from the darkened sky in soft droplets that run in pearlescent beads down the enormous glass panes of the new Avengers facility.
terrorist group,
“Is that a promise?” Tony smirks because humour and sarcasm are his go-to. Need to get out of an awkward conversation? Need to end an argument?
“How is this
Tony hooks his thumbs under the waistband of his shorts, “like them off huh?” he says every bit the tease. He makes a show of sliding them down; groaning when the cool fabric skims over his cock lifting his hips and arching his back, then sitting up to throw them squarely at Steve’s chest.
Tony sees Steve flinch at the mention, his hands momentarily balling to fists before they relax at his sides again. He grunts by way of response.
It had been hours since Tony had stalked into his workshop and put it on lockdown. Steve had tried knocking, when that hadn't worked he asked Bruce to shout through the door. He’d begged Natasha to try-she’d refused,
He feels his blood start to heat up as his voice raises a decibel or two.
is? Since
It’s another dare, Tony’s favorite game. How far can Tony push him
Natasha prompts.
Steve surrenders to the feeling, his hands aren’t his own anymore, acting on muscle memory, one laces in Tony’s hair the other’s weak and useless, he’d go limp if his body would let him, just lay there and do nothing but feel Tony groaning and how it’s vibrating through his balls and how he’s bumping his head on the back of his throat; the combination makes him rasp and mutter breathlessly
.” Steve’s desperate, Tony has to understand, his motivation was never to hurt him.
“Yeah, I, caught my foot… I guess.” It’s like last week, only Tony’s more pliant and leaning on him like a soft weight, the scotch has made his whole-body loose.
Steve’s hand grips Tony shoulder; it’s going to bruise down to the bone.
together.
“Thank you, for-“ he waves a hand in the space between himself and Steve. “There’s no need for everybody else to hear about this. I mean…
, you must be on more than one watch list.”
“Excuse me Sir..”
Steve’s eyes go comically large at the realisation. “I’m never going to be able to look at you when you’re fighting in the same way again.” He shakes his head burying it in the juncture of Tony’s neck, laying claim to his bare flesh.
Tony looks on dumbstruck still clutching the screwdriver in his hand as she continues, “An old SHIELD case file for
“I was part of a covert mission to obtain certain sensitive goods before they could be made available to the public,” Ilona smirks in Natasha’s direction, the lilt of her accent almost made theft sound honorable.
, Steve drops his eyes to his lap to the ridged issue current driving sleep away,
Sam freezes behind her, “Not that dude, I’m all for heavy lifting, but
Tony makes for a sorry sight, hunched over asleep with his head resting on the desk snoring softly into an expanding puddle of drool with one hand still loosely clasped to the bottle of scotch he was no doubt using as a painkiller. Steve shuffles over fully aware that his presence wasn’t wanted, sighing he teases the bottle free from Tony’s grip, his fingers instinctively flex and curl seeking out the solid glass that had been there moments ago.
He wheezes, and the words tumble out of his mouth unchecked by his brain with his skin going clammy and knees giving out beneath him, Steve goes down with him and they crumple on the cold kitchen floor.
he had smiled dipping his sunglasses down his nose to wink at Steve.
time, how long is Steve going play?
The hand that suddenly disappears makes him whine, muffled into Tony’s shoulder. It’s followed by the jingle of Tony’s belt buckle, the rasp of his zipper and rustle of fabric as he drops his pants. Steve jerks his hips forward on instinct, he wants to rub against Tony, bring himself off with skin on skin – Tony’s wonderful olive skin that Steve can
He catches Tony’s wrist and holds him still, “I can’t… ’s too…” He bites his lip when fingertips brush bare skin, little bursts of heat rippling out from their epicenter making him shudder.
stop pulling the raging bull impression.” She glances around before continuing,
You’ve changed Nat.”
Tony cuts in.
Tony had a cowlick in his hair when they started, now it’s well and truly fucked, a stray curl stuck to the sweat that’s on his forehead, he looks overheated, oversensitive with his cheeks flushed pink whilst he eases them apart and does a vague attempt at a clean-up. “The cars out the front.” He says quietly, not looking up. Steve can hear the shaking of his breath as he pulls his clothes back on. “Come home with me?” Something in Steve's chest jumps, an ember he keeps burning for Tony suddenly stoked to a fire because, in that one simple request, which might be nothing but might be something, Tony gives him hope- it’s not love. Not even close, but it has potential and Steve can work with that. He watches Tony sway a little as he buttons his pants looking down in concentration, it warms him to his core that tomorrow, for the first time he’s going to wake up next to this man.
“I see your point,” Steve agrees with a slight nod. “So, what do we do?”
“Shh.”
“Something like that…” Tony lets it hang in the air between them. “You?”
“I’ll owe you.” She nodded.
It brings him back online and he glances from his fingers to Steve, and even in the low light, Steve sees his skin flash a brilliant red,
Steve instinctively moves to hold Tony by both shoulders and his hands stop short hovering inches away. “Don’t
of texting where they could type all the things they couldn’t say, but it wasn’t the same.
“I’ve had a…
“Well, lookie here! The Avenger boys have come to see how the Monsters get things done!” Timothy Dugan strolls over to the new arrivals holding his arms outstretched in camaraderie. A dented fedora in one hand and missing a large portion of his uniform and synthetic skin off his forearm. He grasps Steve’s hand, shaking it vigorously. “Captain! Good t’see ya!” He booms. Steve manages to wrestle his hand from his grip. “You too Anthony, even if you don’t have the curtsy to lift the plate up on that thing.” Right on cue, the gold faceplate flips up, Tony flinches to speak. “There’s a good lad, respect your elders. Well, chitchat aside, to what do I owe the pleasure.”
He purrs, voice as silken as the sheets they’re lying on.
“I wouldn’t do that JARVIS-“ Natasha protests, but it’s too late the AI opens the file flooding the monitors with classified information, there’s photo’s, names, embedded videos, notes, and one big glaring inconsistency.
“You did a
She said as she joined her at the grave site looking down in a solemn silence.
“You know what?”
Steve damn sure he can hear the amusement in his voice when Tony’s beard brushes feather light against his pulse point, it makes the hair on the nape of Steve’s neck prickle from the roots, it coasts down his spine solidifying to a throbbing warmth in the pit of his stomach.
So saving the world, running a multinational Company and spying,
the teasing hem of the Guns ‘n’ Roses t-shirt he had on stopped mid-way down his thigh, the folds of it caught awkwardly at his crotch. Steve shuffles forward until he was close enough to run his hands from the back of Tony’s knees, up his thighs to where he can lift his shirt.
“What do you think Skip?” Ilona turns to the enormous creature that walks up next to her and noses his armored head under her free hand. She scratches the smooth leather-like plates of skin with her fingertips and he shivers and arches his back.
They haven’t exactly told anybody that they’ve been sleeping together for the past two months; Steve couldn’t even remember who had made the first move, it just sort of…
in a costume
The gate to the cemetery creaked on old hinges when she pushed it open; eyeing the suspicious shadows flickering unnaturally under the arcing willow that’s tendril-like branches brushed the manicured turf.
And that’s it,
“Yeah? Well, maybe I’ll kick you out the tower.
thing about your friend isn’t that she’s British?”
information JARVIS?”
“Pepper,”
I should
Natasha entertains the silence for a while watching Steve shift his weight from foot to foot and ring his hands, “Right, well I’ll catch up with you later.” She makes her move to leave, Steve’s fidgeting creating a gap large enough for her to slip past.
“None!
Up and
So a bit more character development, world building, plot development etc... Not much smut (sorry! - Chapter 4 for sure! Which I hasten to add
Tony says and Steve swallows dropping, not entirely sure why it feels so right. His kneecaps feel like rubber when they hit the hard metal tread plate on the workshop floor.
“It’s very therapeutic. I have one on the dartboard in my room.” She says matter of factly, “Pegged him right between the eyes,
He could hear Tony whistling all the way up from his workshop, it had been a couple of days since the kitchen, which meant a couple of days of Steve stealing glances at him when he wasn’t looking, hanging back after meetings hoping that they might talk and Tony inevitably making any excuse to avoid him. Steve waits in an alcove of a doorframe practicing his impression of nonchalance so that they can pass each other without incident when the whistling is cut off by the high pitch ring of a cell phone.
Suddenly it doesn't matter. It doesn’t matter that Steve’s a novice and hasn’t got a clue what he’s doing and it’s super strength and stamina and something else Steve can’t quite place that’s making this work. Steve pause tingling all over, he wants to say something. Tell Tony how sorry he is
When he
It makes him feel sick, ties his stomach in knots, he was angry before. Maybe more than angry, it had narrowed his mind made it easier to ignore the stabbing emptiness that came with losing Steve.
Steve, who was lugging his considerable amount of wood back to the bed, who makes a show of squeezing lube onto his deft artist fingers because he knows his audience is captivated. Steve who lets the bottle deliberately drip on Tony’s stomach then tracks slick digits through it and watches his whole body prickle with goosebumps.
Tony doesn’t react more than a shrug, still staring resolutely at his shoes, he’s not giving Steve an inch. “That’s it?” He rocks forward on the balls of his feet, “That’s what was so important you couldn’t tell me over the phone?”
Rogers. You want to go monster hunting,
“A little breezy to be taking telephone calls out on the fire escape Nat,” he points with his eyes, the rest of his face immovable and screwed up like scrap metal.
than Steve ordering him to drop his armour, he would have protested, lectured them about how it needs to be stored correctly and given the respect it deserved because it was
“You stole it?”
She shrugged, rocking her head and pursing her lips.
. Hasn’t
“So,” She finally sighs, “what’s the deal with you, Stark got under your skin?” She asks with a sly knowing smile creeping on her lips. “If you want, yesterdays’ paper is in the trash. I could tear his picture out and stick it on there for you?” She gestures to the bag.
The ex-special ops agent’s current status, marked with an enormous red flag- DECEASED KILLED IN ACTION.
He breaths against Steve’s throat watching him swallow and do something close to a nod. Tony shifts hovering over him whilst reaching for something in the nightstand; he’s relying on touch to find the small bottle that’s in there and Steve running his big hands
“So this is a Captin America sized fuck up?” Tony finally says, “He’s really that important to you huh?” Steve looks up and he’s still wearing the same tight expression he had earlier like there’s a whole lot more he wants to say but he’s holding it back with a thin-lipped grimace.
There’s a cage, an enormous buzzing electric cage with something monstrous pacing inside. It draws up on its hind legs and thunders a menacing bellow of a roar. It ricochets off every metal surface. It makes a tiger sound like a kitten. A low snarling responds from the corner of the balcony. “Easy Reyna, He didn’t say anythin’ about your mama.” Dugan eyes his teammate as he emerges from the shadows, some eight-foot armoured Werewolf. He chuckles when Steve and Tony both jump and raises his eyebrows at the way Steve puts himself between Tony and the Warwolf. “Werewolves and Manticores don’t get along. Mind you Manticores an’ anything don’t seem to get along. Damn thing nearly took my arm clean off, dented my ever-lovin’ fedora too.” Dugan holds his hat up in dismay, takes one last drag on his cigar and flicks the stub into the cage below, much to the occupant’s disgust, sparks fly up as it throws itself at the bars. “Quit your whining! You’ve caused me enough trouble.”
He ignores the kick he gets to the back of his ribs from Tony’s heal and the saliva that’s leaked down his chin and onto Tony’s balls. His mind tuned into the sounds from above, he relishes the desperate keening Tony does when he can't keep control anymore and his whole body starts to shake thrusting erratically up into Steve’s mouth and wrenching at his hair like he’s pushing and pulling him away all at once.
If it had been anybody
“We should move Tony.” He says, measured and careful.
They’ve kept up the public façade of ‘bros’, the odd flirtatious remark from Tony drops under everybody’s radar
“No lift,” Sam observes as they both politely play the ‘let’s ignore the smell of piss in the stairwell’ game whilst they ascend.
He mumbles and it’s half swallowed up. Steve steers Tony back to the bed until his knees hit the edge. He flops backward in a whirl of bedsheets smiling up through his lips red and kiss-bitten.
wanted?” The line goes deadly silent and Natasha wonders if the other person has hung up. Until she hears the faint intake of breath.
all he had to do was snap his fingers.
He pulls Tony up by his wrist,
With all his blood rushing South Tony’s lost all high brain function, along with any coherent vocabulary, all he can manage is rasping moans of encouragement.
Tony’s wrist moves in sharp twists, dragging his hand along the taught velvet skin. He pushes his thumb against the tip and feels it give, Steve curls in on himself gulping in air as his hand slips where it was gripping the counter and has a
Tony’s staring down at the phone and gripping it in a white-knuckled fist, he looks up at Steve with the same wild expression he had in the kitchen. “Everything all right Tony?” He asks cautiously approaching with one hand out like he is taming a wild animal.
Steve bites down on the
even when he’s miles away he knows when Steve at his breaking point when he needs a night like this just the two of them,
The penthouse sits on the upper levels of Stark Tower overlooking the city, it’s all floor to ceiling glass windows and silk sheets on a king-sized bed. The full moon hangs like high noon in the sky casting silver tendrils into the bedroom where the drapes haven’t been fully closed.
“Tony,
but perfect.
Tony looks up scowling and Steve blushes as deep and red as he did in the kitchen, his fair skin giving him away, the tips of his ears burn and he
It rings for a good thirty seconds before a groggy voice answers.
“Or maybe don’t use your tech to spy on people?” Steve emerges chugging a bottle of water to the point where the plastic sucks in on itself and cracks. Tony’s eyes flit to the way Steve’s throat bobs with each gulp.
It isn’t the least bit funny when Steve snaps his hips back, setting some damn near brutal pace going hell for leather. He’s barely letting Tony catch his breath between thrusts. He’s fucking him so hard and fast that words, noises, they aren’t even an option anymore.
Steve swirls his tongue around the glands at the head of Tony’s cock, leaving it feeling sticky and tasting the distinct saltiness that wasn’t there when he started,
“I can see that.” She sounded normal and close as she took a cautious step out from the shadows of the willow. Face obscured deep in the folds of an enormous hood attached to a loose-fitting jumper. “Been a while Nat.” She said her wild eyes flashing a phosphorous green from the depths of the fabric.
was the soft feeling of Steve’s lips on his and the warmth that radiated from the much larger body still pinned beneath him. It didn’t matter that straddling somebody Steve’s size was awkward; or that he was still holding a bottle of lube in one hand; or that Steve was clutching him so tightly that the arc reactor was probably digging into him.
he’s a friend.”
Tony Stark never learned how to cry with style. No blown glassy eyes with a lone tear rolling down his cheek.
Tony slides off of his chair and out from behind his desk, “If you don’t mind
Steve damn sure he can hear the amusement in his voice when Tony’s beard brushes feather light against his pulse point, it makes the hair on the nape of Steve’s neck prickle from the roots, it coasts down his spine solidifying to a throbbing warmth in the pit of his stomach.
The hands that are holding him up slide in the sweat against his skin and it’s too much, the way Steve’s biting his bottom lip with his eyes screwed shut, the way his whole-body rocks with each push, the way he cuts off Tony’s groans by bottoming out and knocking the air from his lungs.
“You’re the Captain Steve. You wanna go check it out? Or is
It took him months to get used to after the serum, he’d spent his entire life up until that point being half-deaf and suddenly it was like somebody had switched the volume up too loud,
Nothing.
He must have been at least doing something right, it spurs him on. He moves faster ignoring the numbness that was creeping up his knees, keeping the pressure of his tongue just right and focusing on the heat from Tony’s hand on the back of his head that told him the rhythm to keep, a slight push when he wanted it faster, the hard yank at his hair followed by a groan when Steve did something he really liked.
She instinctively shrinks back wondering if he was going to fall for her beguiling, feigning innocents she clutches the phone to her chest and smiles, “Morning Steve, up early?”
Sam flashes Natasha an: ‘I can’t believe this’ look, raising his eyebrows and going back to study the photo in his hands, “they kept him in chains… That’s barbaric”
with the self-destruct act.”
“He needs me.” And there’s that flash of anger in Tony’s eyes again the sudden intake of breath like he might say something but thinks better of it. “I don’t have a choice.” He adds, trying to convince himself more than for Tony’s benefit.
. Tony scoots back, glad of the cover of darkness, he’s sure he’s blushed the same color as the latest paint job on the Iron Man suit.
not answered my question,
“My God Nat, you make us sound
hands. He wants to touch, claw,
“Steve, I can’t-“
Three hours ago, he had been on the verge of collapsing over the monitors from exhaustion, now, lying in bed sleep was proving to be elusive, his mind racing a mile a minute as it struggles to comprehend the sudden drop in his anxiety levels; closing his eyes only results in dancing colors filling his vision, so he stares up at the ceiling, up at nothing, refocusing his breathing and listening to the sounds of the newly rebuilt tower as it settles.
He swears he’s numb to everything except the throbbing in his pants and the glide of skin underneath his fingertips.
There was a peaceful stillness that night, almost like the residence within and the building itself had all breathed a collective sigh of relief when Tony had returned safely the night before; not that he had been seen much since then, opting to stay locked in his workshop which gave Steve a nasty case of guilt having hounded him as soon as he got back. It’s amazing what a few hours of bad sleep and reflection can throw into perspective. Tony was part of the team and his own person, with his own business,
just made me feel a little better about my crappy middle name, that’s all.” Natasha hears her snigger and she rolls her eyes.
The hair pulling, it really shouldn’t do what it does for him, the tingles from his scalp jolting right down to his dick, if he wasn’t already on his knees they’d have buckled by now.
Tony looks up, fixed with an expression like a rabbit caught in high beams.
“You’re an animal Steve,
He takes his hands off, lets him take a step back and rub furiously at his hairline.
But this was not that, it wasn’t a reunion, it wasn’t a mad dash to the airport pounding on the cabin door yelling that you’re sorry. It was a goodbye because Steve was sat between two powder kegs, one would ignite the other and Tony didn’t understand. Tony was stubborn. He had to say goodbye to Tony. Such were the lies Steve would tell himself when he lay awake at night feeling his heart tear itself apart.
he gasps, curling his toes, “
“Why don’t you come in,” Tony drawls, with all the boldness of before, leaning a hip against the wall, his eyes drop South, then back up, his voice going thick just like in the kitchen, “You can show me how
“I love you too,” He surges forward, shifting the weight from his knees, kissing him
“I prefer monitoring
“Why do you have to be so perfect.” His voice has lost its silken flow and turned to a throaty rasp of lust, he growls in approval when tight walls clench around his finger; which quickly becomes two.
Natasha paused and stepped around to face her gripping her on both shoulders. Squeezing her until she looked up, a storm brewing in her wild eyes, “you wanted answers years ago.
aphrodisiac.” He smiles and sparkles when he bites into it, letting the juice drip down his fingers and stain his lips pink.
What… what was that?” Tony can’t really go anywhere with Steve’s hand clamped on his wrist so he dares to make eye contact.
He’d have to speak to Tony about adjustments.
He smirks. Steve glances down, past the equator, then back up before his whole body erupts in a blush.
disappointed he’s asleep as he slips in between the sheets, lifting Tony’s arm and easing himself underneath it; he stirs, mumbling and moves closer to the warm body now occupying his bed, wriggling back underneath the cover; his hand that’s now resting across Steve slowly comes to life.
muscle in Tony’s body seems to tense around him at once and the splayed hands that were resting on his chest suddenly turn to claws and catch like barbs on his skin. Tony sounds like he’s trying to speak, mumbling inarticulate sounds and arching his back as Steve pushes in deeper, sliding in right to the base.
Steve steels himself and goes in.
attention.
The bar stool rocks but doesn’t fall and Steve finds himself pinned back against the counter again holding Tony up at the shoulders.
“Stop thinking like that,” he says, chastising himself aloud, jumping when Pepper responds.
He carries him to the bed like it, sets him down on the edge and lets him watch as he strips his uniform.
not that Steve cares because Tony’s sliding his hands under his jacket, pulling it off his shoulders, he’s got fingertips that feel like they’re everywhere when they coast over the thin cotton of his shirt. They linger over his nipples that have gone as hard as bullets from Tony’s touch.
He hears the sharp intake of breath and the ever-so-slight groan when Tony
Tony goes to half-heartedly protest before he
and his briefs begin. “-I don’t
He surges up out of the tub knocking a few of the candles in the process, they splash and hiss as the wicks hit the water. Tony’s right there to meet him, his hands quivering to touch his wet naked flesh.
“I knew it,” she huffed but Natasha could see she was smiling. Cocking her head sideways and rolling her tongue in her mouth like she might be considering it, she squinted her eyes accusingly, “If it’s something you can’t do then it’s gotta be difficult.”
He was grateful for it now, spreading Tony’s legs further apart, feeling his body open willingly to his fingers and hearing him mutter breathless pleas for him not to stop.
Tony rests his forehead on Steve’s when they finally break apart. “Tony, I lo- “
“What was so important you couldn’t tell me over the phone?” His eyes settle on Steve’s for a fleeting moment before snapping to his feet. Steve shifts, restless in his own body, this was harder than he had ever pictured in his head.
It’s hard to say with a mouthful, Steve hums pointing his tongue and pressing it against Tony’s slit. His whole body goes tense and he curls around Steve letting out some strained growl as the hand on the back of his head turns to a claw and digs into his scalp pushing him back down until he’s got Tony all the way to the back of his throat again.
Steve groans squeezing his eyes shut when fingertips turn into a full hand wrapping his shaft and his boxers are dragged unceremoniously down to his knees.
Steve sets his jaw maybe he was too presumptuous in thinking that he could ignore every snide remark. “He’s not a monster.” Tony’s making this personal, but then how could it be anything but. “He’s my friend.”
and exactly what Steve wants. Every moan gets swallowed and every curse word bitten off. He pushes harder, faster deeper knowing Tony’s body so well and the angle he needs to hit that precious bundle of nerves deep inside.
Swallowing seems like the gentlemanly thing to do and Tony makes some appreciative sigh,
his cock’s dripping like a faucet and Tony’s writhing under his touch. He drags his finger almost all the way out just to plunge them back in hearing the air hiss passed Tony’s teeth and watch his hands fist into the covers.
They enter a hallway-come-foyer, it’s clean enough. A few ominous stains mark the cream threadbare carpet and the wallpaper is peeling in places. There’s a welcome rush of fresh air that comes in through the open door at the end of the hall where Ilona stands peering at them.
looking at me like that. I hate it when you look at me like that.” Tony nostrils flare as he takes a step forward jabbing a finger in Steve’s direction.
“I wear clothes
Steve can feel it, the pressure building, the sudden loss of any higher brain power as his balls jump up closer to his body, he doesn’t need to know how to breathe, or talk, because he’s gonna come, all over Tony’s hand probably, in the middle of the communal kitchen. He curls his toes against the smooth tiles on the kitchen floor.
“A little breezy to be taking telephone calls out on the fire escape Nat,” he points with his eyes, the rest of his face immovable and screwed up like scrap metal.
going to happen again.
Steve freezes.
Steve Rogers pushes Tony back into the mattress as he lets the under-sheath leach under his skin like liquid gold.
Sam looks up at her quizzically and laughs, “OK.”
Steve’s spare hand runs up his flank, fingers and thumbs running over muscles and scars and-
His shirt ends up on the bathroom floor and Steve pushes him back to the bedroom where the candles are burning low, never once breaking the kiss, he works the stiff fabric of his pants loose letting them pool at Tony’s ankles immediately going back to strip him of his shorts.
“It was, you know-New Years’ kiss? A bit of fun.” Tony’s mouth has never been so dry in all his life. He
, can’t think of one damn thing to say, he stands there stammering running a hand through his sweat-damp hair,
he stresses, “then we call it a night. Got it?” Steve does his best to ignore his body screaming at him to finish what he started, he half wishes he’d suggested a cold shower before there’s any more detective work.
It's close to 2 am when Steve is jolted awake by his subconscious; he’d been in that godforsaken valley, up to his knees in snow mixed with a mud slick, the more he struggled against it the further it pulled him down, soaking his uniform making it too heavy to move, making it feel like he was wading through setting tar. He could see Bucky lying motionless twenty yards away, he shouted until his voice was hoarse, taking step after arduous step that got him nowhere until the sharp ingress of icy wind in his lungs had him sitting up too fast, a mess of clammy skin against recirculated cool air and tangled in bedsheets.
Lets Tony slip to the back of his throat and swallows each time he draws him into his mouth,
he gasps, curling his toes, “I need you.”
to tear his eyes away because he might disappear, it’s possible he’s been driven mad by the separation and he’s resorted to hallucinating. He blinks and Tony’s still there, smiling and relaxed with his skin that looks gilded in the arcs of light and the soft brown of his eyes almost black.
Steve.” He manages to regain most of his composure and stand up straight-ish. “This is… Is this…
, he got his hands on Tony’s bare skin, slid them right up under his t-shirt, grazed his nails along his ribs and felt the heat from his chest. He’d heard Tony’s breath stall in his chest; the shell of his ears catching all the sordid things Tony asked him to do.
Steve has to strain to hear, that’s how quiet Tony’s speaking. He nods and shifts accommodating him when he leans closer.
gets drawn into the present, he’s not thinking what should happen next, the only thing that meant anything
Tony’s reading Steve through his mouth, every twitching muscle and
Then it all happens before Steve can make sense of it.
He can handle the pity, smile that forced grin, toss his head back and pretend that it wasn’t killing him inside, and at least… At least they don’t know, they all think it was a friendship that’s been ruined, no more of the Tony and Steve show; begrudgingly making each other coffee and disagreeing on the minor details just to see the other get angry, but always managing to pull it together at the last second and make it look flawless, because they were friends really. That's what they all said right?
you’re not involved in this.”
his hand still firmly clasped to the back of his head, the other resting in the small of his back so they’re touching as much as possible. His eyes flutter closed as he inhales the comforting scent of Tony. All the things he’s missed mingled together in the scant breadth of traded air between them. He smells of clean clothes, freshly washed skin that’s been dabbed with cologne and it throws him back to the first time he stood naked and blushing in front of him, back when Tony had gawped in disbelief and dare not be anything but gently in case Steve bolted. His whole-body floods with warmth at the memory, it makes his knees shake and threaten to give out and he goes back in for a kiss only to have Tony nose away with a coy smile on his lips.
“I’m leaving.” He finally chokes, the effort to hold his voice from cracking making the back of his throat ache and leaving a metallic twang in his mouth.
Tony clings to him and Steve obligingly stands with his arms held up at the elbows and awkwardly away from his body as his heart breaks underneath the wet patch Tony’s made on his shirt.
“Steve, I just realised.”
” Steve stands there unapologetically, feeling his chest swell and skin prickly everywhere Tony’s hands were on him, “Come on,” Tony gestures for him to follow as he disappears into the ensuite.
“If you remember Steve, SHIELD
Tony ruts against him, grinding with his hips as he bends to kiss and lick at Steve’s bare chest; tracing the outline of his muscles with his tongue; every kiss, touch, earning him grunts and groans from the man beneath him who bucks to meet him with each thrust. Steve’s large hands are on his waist, stroking over his back and down his thighs.
under construction ;))
He bites his lip as he says it, suddenly the cool kitchen feels too hot as fingers seek out Steve’s cock underneath the light fabric of his shorts.
and he wasn’t granted the same freedom to chase and pine like an adolescent school girl.
“You look nice,” Steve says stopping the bag swinging, “off out?” He points to her all-black dress that flutters elegantly around her knees.
wear too much to bed,” Tony’s hand is gone from the tags, he leans up on his elbow, fingers sliding underneath the waistband of the last piece of clothing left between them, as if to back up his statement, Steve tingles at the overwhelming sensation of another’s touch on the taut skin just at the base of his cock.
“That’s
The words seem to bounce off him at first, like they aren’t going in, but slowly,
The question of who was doing the fucking was answered the moment Tony melted against Steve’s chest in the common room, that being said-it still doesn’t make it any less of a surprise when Steve’s fingers are inside him, stroking, curling and touching every-damn-nerve.
There’s that wave of nausea again, Tony breathes through it, ringing his hands until his palms are red and his knuckles are white. Holding back the tears, holding them back until he can’t anymore.
He perches on the edge of his bed letting the last remnants of sleep ebb away, feeling the soft, plush carpet between his toes instead of the frozen soles of his boots.
“Tony,” Steve scolds again increasing the pressure against his chest, just for Tony to strain against it.
He can hear it in his head, he can also hear Tony panting in his ear, spliced with the pop and suck every time he draws back from his skin. So, what comes out is some guttural grunt as his head lolls to the side offering more.
He calls to Steve with a yawn, “You know Steve, you can stay the night if you want.” He’s still relishing in the post-sex afterglow, sinking back into the pillows and sliding under the covers, the 800 thread count cotton glides across oversensitive skin making him sigh and settle deeper into the mattress.
“Do you have any
“Who is it?” He asks quietly, not looking up from where he’s fixed his eyes to his feet. Natasha has no doubt he’s processing his Tony guilt at being the latest cause of his distress.
“Gee…
He catches up with her a flight or two later, albeit reluctantly, “So, this ‘old friend’,” he says making air quotes, “Are we talking
Ever since the night in the kitchen with Tony his body didn’t seem to get the message that it
he huffs sarcastically, “Well since you got in here it shouldn’t be any trouble for you to
Steve looks up at him, the picture of innocence finishing what’s in his mouth, Tony sits there frozen, his hand inches from Steve’s face, “Something wrong, Tony?”
“What’s
Now it’s all he can feel, twisting inside until he’s retching into his lap because Steve wasn’t coming back, not now. He splutters coughing up nothing but bile. Pressing his hands to his chest that feels like it’s been stepped on.
thinking it was
“Do you have any idea what I have been going through the last few days?” Tony pauses, not long enough for Steve to respond, “I’ll answer for you shall I?
“This is what you wanted,” Ilona says dropping a weathered manilla file onto the desk, a few stray photos spread out and slide along the worn leather surface of the desk.
“Well, apparently I have all night to listen, we’re all waiting to hear the story Natasha,
“I’ll do it, Nat,
“I don’t have anybody to
And now Steve knew. And Tony didn’t.
“A bit.”
They don’t know he’s lost a lover; nobody knew Steve hadn’t slept in his own room for the best part of three months.
Steve pushes down to meet him and Tony loses any scrap of self-restraint. He rips his fingers away wiping what’s left of the (by now) body temperature lube across his stomach.
for whatever good it’ll do,
In his head they shook hands, they
raw and
storage warehouses last night.” Tony blinks at him. “The one upstate. They took down all the security staff, granted there’s not many in the facility – it was for storage I’ve never cataloged what was in there. Hell,
“You know that big important thing she had to tell me? Well, turns out it was that she was leaving me.”
I had Steve telling me you needed a partner to go pick up something from somebody…
he was easier to forgive.
Tony sets a rhythm that’s rough and frantic, pushing Steve further back into the counter resting his head and gasping into Steve’s chest as he bucks his hips working up friction of his own against his solid thigh.
Tony’s slick lips are sliding down his shaft and Steve’s groaning, barely registering it’s himself making such an indecent noise; the bed creaks under his weight as he arches his back to stop his hips thrusting forward and fucking Tony’s mouth. His tongue feels like it everywhere swirling over his glands before sliding down claiming every inch of his unrestrained erection.
Steve would refer to it as obscene filth via an instant message, Tony would just call it risqué banter.
Steve gets ripped out of the moment so fast he almost gets whiplash. JARVIS’s voice echoes around the workshop, “I wouldn’t want to interrupt, but I believe that I have found something pertinent to the ongoing investigation into the break-in.”
“Listen, Steve. I should thank you, for the other night…. Wait, I mean,
“I’m not sure Sir, it could be new technology-“
Steve warned.
The bedroom smells faintly of cologne, the closer his proximity to the bed the more it teases his senses luring him in. He can make out Tony’s sleeping form in the scant light spread out and taking up the entire bed. Steve is
He orders ruff and breathless, stroking himself with his hand.
that Steve’s pinning him down with his chest, kissing his way up his jaw and back to his lips.
A shadowy-friend-of-Natasha’s someone else who’d managed to gouge and claw their way into several highly classified storage cabinets, leaving behind nothing but broken locks and blur on a CCTV camera.
“Kiss me,” he says looking wild as Steve climbs out steadying himself against Tony’s solidity and leaving big wet handprints on the sleeves of his white shirt, turning it see through in the process.
“Me too Tony, me too.” An arm wraps him, tight enough to be on the
Steve should feel embarrassed, he’s got no idea what he’s about to do, but somewhere within the last ten minutes eagerness had overwritten inexperience and Steve’s body seemed only too willing to comply when Tony had essentially told him to
fault.” He’s laughing when he chucks it in Steve’s direction who ducks into the bathroom. Tony half debates going in after him,
“Maybe there are things that it’s time you found out,
There’s an even longer pause when nobody’s speaking; Steve holds his breath. “What did they take?” Tony asks in a low, brittle whisper. “Right, yes. I’ll… I’ll review the footage.
Tony says breaking away, not giving Steve the time to respond before he’s back because he’s adamant
Gloves are pulled off with teeth and spat on the floor. The sound of each buckle that unclasps and every strap that comes loose is exaggerated in the silence of the half-lit bedroom.
What Steve means to say is:
“I shouldn’t…” Tony says not budging an inch, his voice thick and low. Steve feels the vibration of him speaking through his chest. His fingertips resting lightly on the fabric of Steve’s worn t-shirt tickling as much as it thrills and stirring up some dormant animal part of him.
It didn’t stop Steve feeling a little hurt that Tony hadn’t come to him for help, he thought after New York…. Well, he’s not sure what he thought.
Tony says again, it’s like a dare, his voice shakily breathless, like he’s not in control anymore as he shoves a hand underneath the waistband of Steve’s shorts; and he knows anything Tony finds in there is going to tell him the opposite.
“I was planning to." Tony’s voice is strained, and he thrusts making Steve grab the headboard for support.
still remember how to talk, Steve didn’t fuck that out of him after all. He returns the gaze and stretches his arms above his head suddenly remembering the state he’s in.
“Fuck it!”
Steve overhears the phone call by accident. Oversensitive hearing meant you couldn’t exactly stick your fingers in your ears and go
I could hand you over to the authorities, what was it?
Tony’s gasps Steve glances up to see he’s still watching, probably had been the whole time, he’s biting down on his bottom lip like it was the only thing that was keeping him together and it’s the- Tony Stark-about-to-loose-control that does it, like Steve is privy to this small part of him that nobody else sees.
compared to what I’m used to, but everything else was accounted for-“
He blushes and glances away feeling his own cock throb where it’s barely contained.
Usually, he’d pace around the tower, down a glass of water and they were done, he could get back to sleep ready for the next one.
it that’s all.” He soothes, gold-tipped fingers trace the outline of the star on Steve’s chest feeling the tense muscles relax under the softness of his touch.
“Hey, Tony.” Tony was halfway through a comically large slice of leftover pizza. “How’ve you been?” Steve says crossing the kitchen and shooting him a tired sideward glance. The stone tiles cool and smooth beneath his bare feet are his focus, not the sudden rush of excitement mixed with trepidation that soaks his spine and settles into a tingling warmth at the base.
needs you here, he gave me the puppy dog eyes,” She throws him a glance over her shoulder, “Steve can’t leave well enough alone where
“OK, I deserve that.” He says hands on hips, “drink your water Tony.” Steve watches as Tony’s hand carefully takes the glass and brings it to his mouth.
*      *      *
to the imagination) and doubled over in laughter. “I’m… I’m
Steve kisses his way up.
three.
And that horribly-nice-niggly thought of:
Steve’s back at the tower some two hours later than he planned, it’s nearly 3 am by the time he lets himself in, the front door comes into contact with one of Tony’s discarded shoes nudging it further into the room.
Steve pleads and catches either side of Tony’s face in his hands, stops him from pulling his hair out of his scalp.
He breaths against the skin behind Steve’s ear having stepped forward.
wasn’t ready to talk about it with the team.
as he watches him rummage in the pocket of his discarded pants, he looks sweaty and flustered with a wet spot on the front of his boxers where he was about to go off like a champagne cork.
, MY t-shirt.” He huffs but uses it to mop up the filth nonetheless. Steve laughs doing a half-roll/half-stand off the bed.
Nobody’s going to hear him. Nobody comes to check on him anymore. Because it was always Steve’s job. Steve who drew him up by his wrists from his desk and let him fetch up against his chest.
He stays there until his skin is flushed pink from the heat and his fingertips have started to crease. The sun is well and truly up by the time he’s regained some semblance of control and ventured out into the common areas.
“I’m sorry Tony, I would have come to you first if I had of known where the files were being kept-”
“We trust,” her response is met by silence, but the tremors beneath her feet tell she’s been heard.
“… I’m sorry, I shouldn’t…” Steve trails off, suddenly all too aware of the intimate position they were in. Tony almost sat on his lap with Steve brushing his fingertips through the downy hair on his temples whilst Tony stroked his thumbs across the delicate skin on the inside of his wrists. He goes to pull away and Tony instinctively grips.
He’s lost for words when he goes in, there are
He pauses. Furrowing his brow as he processes what she’s said. “Do people really do that?”
“It’s
Somebody managed to outsmart Stark Tech security systems and
at midnight!” Tony looks genuinely disappointed.
“Ms. Romanoff is on her way, sir,” the AI pauses almost hesitantly, “with Mr. Wilson.” Tony eyebrows involuntarily raise at Steve who shrugs tucking his hands up under his elbows.
, and sip whilst Steve floats around in the tub, it’s easy,
but if he does he knows it’s going to push him over the edge, ground him before he’s even had a chance to fly. It’s already
go get something to eat, you sound like The Hulk after Bruce has eaten a bad curry.”  She gives him a half wave as she leaves.
dull existence indeed.”
“You were the one that woke me up,
Steve puts his hands up in a sign of defense. “OK,” then he sees it; the empty tumbler, a few brown dregs settled at the bottom and the empty bottle of scotch in the trash. He makes it to the sink and keeps his back to Tony whilst he fills a glass from the tap.
Deft hands start to work the hidden zippers on the suit and Steve obligingly lifts and twists and lets it be peeled it off and chucked on his floor.
” He glances back over his shoulder in time to see him shaking his head. “Energy pulls flag up because ones of that magnitude usually mean somebody is either building
Tony’s watch rattles when he speeds up and Steve feels like he’s going to fall apart, everything’s getting slick and messy, he’s panting, gripping Tony like he’s desperate like he’s the only thing that’s still holding him vertical.
“It serves you right for leaving it on the floor. You’re messy Tony.” He pauses steadying himself on legs that haven’t quite recovered. “Case and point,” he gestures to the room strewn with clothes and pieces of armour, before gesturing at Tony with a smirk who stops his clean-up operation in mock indignation.
“We nearly sent out a search party.” Steve said, still hot on his heels, “We were ready to scramble the quinjets!”
Tony lifts his hand out and tangles it into Steve’s hair, gently kneading his scalp with his fingertips. “I’m comfy here,” he says blinking slowly and working his magic fingers in little circles against Steve skull.
Bruce was easy, when he wasn’t big, mean and green he seemed to suffer from every allergy under the sun and had a habit of sniveling. Natasha was difficult, she had light footsteps to the point where she had managed to make Steve jump on occasions. Then there was Tony, and Steve hated to admit it, but Tony’s sure stride always made his nerves jump and his stomach bottom out, Steve knew that Tony had a habit of whistling or muttering to himself depending on his mood and he had a guilty habit of his own listening for him a little more often than the others.
Tony pulls away leaving Steve panting with the beginnings of friction burn on his jawline from his beard. He tosses the covers back exposing them both. The air in the bedroom’s warm but he can feel Steve quiver ever so slightly beneath him, he sits up taking his weight off whilst trailing a finger from his sternum to his stomach watching goosebumps rise in its wake. He taps with the slightest hint of impatience at Steve’s boxers,
“You’re not my only contact.”
“Tony,” Steve clears his throat all too aware of the heat that was coming off the body plastered against his, “You should…” The
candles, so many that Steve begins to wonder if Tony might have robbed a church on his way here. The light they emit is ambient and low, flames flickering off every shining surface, Steve feels like he could star gaze in his own bathroom; the tub’s full of water and bubbles and Tony’s sat at on the edge leaning on an upturned palm with that mischievous smile on his face watching Steve’s reactions. “What is all this?” He asks unable to hide fondness in his voice.
“Sure… sure, JARVIS what it is,” Tony says disinterested, the post-coital glow still on his cheeks as his gaze flits from Steve’s eyes to his lips and back up again they both stand there is some suspended -almost-kiss.
“What? Didn’t you see me? I was all over the news.” Tony glanced back over his shoulder, smirking and throwing his hands wide, “Were you not entertained, Steven?” Whatever bit Tony was doing, it was lost on him.
He groans, deep from his chest, screwing his eyes shut when
like he shouldn’t be touching. His whole body is lean muscle wrapped in a flimsy t-shirt and sweats, and he flinches, a soft moan escaping his parted lips. Steve’s hands wander lower to his hips and he uses them like handles, pushing and pulling in time with Tony’s careful measured movements.
Tony’s kissing and sucking at the skin behind his ear leaving it damp and alive to the feeling of his deliberate exhale that blows cool air across his hairline, his body arches; an involuntary reflex, a desperate, silent plea for more.
He laughs after they’ve gone, taking advantage of the temporary light source to crawl off of Steve’s lap and turn on a lamp.
you are.”
He snorts awake his eyes flying open and startling Steve whose still leaning over him and narrowly misses being clocked in the jaw when Tony sits upright scrubbing a hand over his face and wiping the drool off his cheek.
Now if you don’t mind JARVIS. I’m a little busy-“
Right on cue, the sound erupts from the street below as the countdown to midnight kicks off.
moment, grabs a hand full of the meat on Tony’s ass,
Steve doesn’t miss the way Tony’s pupils are blown, his lips shining and pouty, the way his hair that was just-so when they left now has a cowlick where he’s run his hand through it, how could he? It’s driving him to distraction. Tony doesn’t say another word the:
like accountants.” Her companion rolled her eyes and shook her head, “I knew you didn’t call me here just to look at an empty grave.” Natasha could hear the resignation of laughter in her voice as she pressed her fingers to the bridge of her nose.
“It wasn’t Hydra,” Steve blurts, throwing Tony for a loop.
“Well. I’m here.” Steve says nothing and tightens his grip on the nothing in his pocket. Tony’s words are bitten out and clipped short with precise anger, but they haven’t spoken face to face in what felt like forever and the sound of Tony’s voice strikes every nerve, brings them raw to the surface.
His hands that hold Tony by the shoulders slide down the hard lines of his ribs,
He sets it back down, his lips shining under the bright fluorescents. “You wanna go to bed willingly, or should I drag you kicking and screaming?” Steve says, folding his arms and watching Tony’s huff like a petulant child.
Steve said in a shout-whispered for the sake of those who were sleeping instead of keeping an all-night vigil on the scanners.
“Ha-ha, the mighty Captain America makes a funny.” Tony sulks, but clanks over to the window still in his armour and stands next to Steve. “OK, spying was my bad could we maybe not mention it again?
” He breaths against the skin behind Steve’s ear having stepped forward.
pissed. He’s followed Tony from the landing pad to his workshop.
“Something funny Cap?” Tony appears in his peripherals, eyes sparkling when they catch the light, he’s shed his jacket and Steve has no idea how he got from the other side of the room to be standing right next to him so quickly.
A steak of shadow, misty, formless and barely human in shape moving with purpose across the marble. It makes his skin go clammy and he trades a glance with Steve whose eyes have gone hard.
what they were talking about.
She kicked at the grass again and peeked out at her. “I saw all the fancy new helicarriers get shot out the sky on CNN… Then, I get a phone call from you out of the blue. I call coincidence on that.” She fixed Natasha with her enquiring eyes. “You didn’t call me out here to show me where Coulson’s buried.” Natasha watched her push the hood back slightly the familiar swathe of short brunette hair falling around her face in an ebony curtain. “Spill it, what d’you want? And no Widow tactics,” she said pointing a finger, “I’ve known you too long for that, I see through it.”
He sighs somewhere between amusement and affection as he follows the trail of clothing like it’s rose petals leading him to his lover, shedding his own gear as he goes and laying it neatly over his arm in true military style before tossing it onto an armchair.
Sam twists it this way and that, scratches his head, looks at the lettering on the manilla file and asks, “How did you get this?”
His ears prick on instinct. “Hi Pep. I’m on my way t-“ Tony’s overly-chirpy-everything’s-fine-act is cut off by Pepper on the other end. He hears Tony stutter to get a word in. “Yeah, Bu-“
“Nat, take Sam with you?” He stops her with a firm grip on her arm.
Steve said ‘chaperone.’” Natasha rolls her eyes, “Then I find myself in the Bronx with you trying not to breathe the air in a stairwell that smells like cat pee,
Tony’s out of breath by the time he hammers on Steve bedroom door, half exerted half nervously-excited.
Steve could
Accidental or not, he wishes,
“Tony, that’s
Steve braces himself because it would be enough to get him begging for Tony to touch him,
, he arches Tony backwards, clinging to him because he can’t get enough.
“You mean like you came to me? About the terrorists? The ones buying the Stark weaponry?”
But Tony knows. Tony remembers. The way Steve reacted to his touch that first time permanently etched into his brain. It had been
What starts out as a semi-innocent
I’ve had enough enemies crawl out the woodwork. And now you’re sending me to bed?” He points accusingly at Steve,
He pauses then starts to breathe heavily, a vacant expression starts to creep across his face, “that’s, that’s not…
at 8 pm ends up as
“We were all teenagers once Tony.” He breaks eye contact batting his perfect blond lashes. “Do you have any…” He trails off leaving Tony to read between the lines,
He mutters watching Steve blush at his breathless accusation.
it was coming out all wrong, but Steve was looking at him now, something close to sadness and hurt in his eyes, “It, err… Well,
dangerous stuff?”
nightmares, he’d lived through the war and,
“Yep, these cages’ll hold until the moon comes back up. Then poof!” Dugan does a theatrical wave with his hands. “Damn things turn to dust. New moons always bring them out. Though not usually
He needs this to be what it is, a goodbye.
unique sound,”
He pants letting his head bow.
They watch ‘the thing’ crouch, the green light glinting off a blade it pulls from its boots. The actual picking of the lock is blocked by its back. There’s the distinct moment when the display case door opens which is followed by a blinding green flash that blows the camera and abruptly ends the playback.
It’s a few more awkward minutes before Natasha arrives, padding through the automatic doors in bare feet and pajamas her hair sleep mussed with Sam following close behind avoiding any kind of eye contact.
drawn-out movement and lingering kiss as Tony works his way down, lower and lower, he can feel him nosing at the soft hairs just below his navel; dextrous hands running down each flank and pushing his thighs apart; the sound of his own breath rasping, the slight pop and suck when Tony’s lips draw back from his skin; it’s overwhelming. Tony’s moving at an excruciatingly slow pace; ignoring Steve’s cock that’s pulsing and
Tony lingers, his breath warm and sweet and
useful. And of course the smut we all came here for XD. As always enjoy!
“Some people lost more than others that day.” She says letting it sink in, letting the silence creep back over them, watching Steve get truly uncomfortable and pull at the straps on his hands.
He was pounding on the door with his fist before he could stop himself.
“Of course I care, I wouldn’t have asked Pepper to let me in here if I didn’t,” Tony snorts in response folding his arms and twisting to half face Steve with his expression set hard in anger.
“Pepper….” Tony chirps, eyes darting to Steve as they trade awkward glances. “Me? I was… working out, couldn’t sleep, thought it would help.” Tony’s bringing his breathing under control as he shifts uncomfortably from foot to foot. He goes quiet and Steve can hear Pepper on the other end.
He’s not sure who's more surprised when it opens.
“Nat, this is a mess,” he says without turning to look at her, “tell us who she is, you’re in good company.” Steve’s hand momentary squeezes against Tony’s chest, a gesture of calm that only he feels. He glances up at Steve his eyes the softest blue, cool and quiet grounding Tony in the way that only he could.
“You don’t say,” Steve mumbles following the rivulet of red that forks over Tony’s knuckles and leaning into him.
“What? Oh, s’you,” Tony blocks his way folding his arms across himself, tucking his hands up into his armpits and tensing his shoulders, “What d’you want?” he says to the floor, the way his words blurred to one gave him away, so did the smell of alcohol on his breath, you didn’t need super senses to pick that up.
“What are you up to Stark?” He breathes through the darkness and traded air desperate for the second-hand taste of champagne from Tony on his lips again.
. I’ve got to know he’s OK,
,” he says sourly, narrowing his eyes and tensing his shoulders.
Tony had let the world fall away in those stolen moments. Got himself lost in everything Steve. Let himself think that maybe it was love, let himself believe it was when he lay awake wrapped up in Steve’s arms who must have thought he was asleep when he’d whisper: “I could lay here forever with you.” His breath the softest tingle on the back of Tony’s neck.
“Everything alright Tony?” Steve asks, and it manages to come out halfway normal.
“Honestly?
There a sigh, a rumble of bass notes like ripples through the air. “Well, any friend of yours
“So? I
It doesn’t even occur to Steve as he crosses the quinjet bay in the darkness that he hasn’t seen another soul for at least an hour. He tugs at his collar and shakes out his thigh, the worst of the humidity-induced chafing concentrated at the neck and the inseam of his pants,
God, he loves it when Steve wears them. He knows that he does it on purpose, it’s one of the few games Steve will indulge him in.
hazy and this horrible niggling thought kept creeping back in his head.
Tony says leaning back against the counter, close enough that their legs are touching from knee to thigh. He crosses his arms and cocks his head, indulging Steve.
Sorry it took me a while to post this... I have nothing to say for myself.
Once again, he resigns himself to being awake and he’s hardly surprised to find the light on in the kitchen, even less surprised at who he finds in there.
. That thing Steve feels that makes this so easy swirls in his chest and he can feel the warmth of Tony’s lips that are millimeters away, the heated body that was pressing against his, the friction of Tony standing that close-
“He always did make a
“The Winter Soldier?
Tony cut off with a protracted groan never quite finishing his sentence, Steve holds him through it as he squirms in his grip, his hips stuttering through his orgasm and coming down the back of his throat.
a choice
some fucking team Cap.
There’s a beat silence. “Err… Why are you on my bed? Scratch that-
Steve’s making a mess of his bedsheets,
Tony’s not watching his face, he’s watching his hand that jacking Steve off. A slight furrow in his brow and the way the tip of his tongue licks at his top lip says he’s up to something. His face is red, flushed all the way down to his neck, his skin’s burning hot when Steve lolls his head against his shoulder because he feels like he might go limp and come all over the vinyl floor if he doesn’t lean on something solid.
“How did you even get in here?” Tony flicks his eyes to the door.
“Why do I sense there is a
“By all accounts,
uniform!” He sits up to point at the pile of red, white and blue on the floor, “And this,” he gestures to himself t-shirt screwed into a ball in his hand,
“Is that what you’re calling it? C’mon boys follow me, I’ll show ya.” Dugan leads them deeper into the Area 13 complex, a monolith of adjoining warehouses sat atop and maximum-security prison for housing errant Supernatural beings. He draws a stogie from what’s left of his overall pocket and sparks it up blowing a cloud of fragrant smoke up into the windowless corridor. “This one’s a real treat for ya.” He says around another pull on his cigar as he pushes open a pair of double doors and leads them out onto a balcony. He gestures for them to come and stand by the metal railings and look out into the chasm below.
better and a pang of guilt shoots through Steve because he realizes he has
“The only way out of SHIELD was in a body bag, Tony. She went into hiding years ago… It got complicated,”
Steve says nothing, instead he pulls the Iron Man by his forearm until his chest plate clanks against his scale; loops his arms around his back, gentle enough to not dent his armour, firm enough so he can’t get away, he leans down resolving the height difference to ghost his lips over Tony’s that quiver under the featherlike contact; then Steve is screwed.
Tony looks genuinely thoughtful for a moment before he scowls. “What was it you said?
Tony rounds on her before she barely three paces in, “Your friend’s
“It’s…
He bites his lip until he can’t anymore, Tony’s coming undone in front of him and Steve’s whole body aches with need, the pressure already too much as it twists in his stomach.
He succumbes to sleep at some point and wakes up to light streaming in through the half-open drapes. Scowling at the clock like it was lying because he’s slept through what would have been his morning run.
You had best come in then…” The furthest door opens cautiously and the vibrations abruptly cut off. Sam looks like he’s ready to sprint back down the stairs and keep it up all the way back to Manhattan. He’d been training with Steve, Natasha wouldn’t put it passed him.
“Did your friend say which number it was?” Sam hovers behind her looking from one end of the corridor to the other.
The trudge to his room is miserable, he sees Tony everywhere
Tony startles at the hand Pepper waves in front of his glazed eyes. Snapping to attention.
“Thank you, I was getting worried… Did you find what
Steve rests their foreheads together when they finally break for air,
Tony smirks raising an eyebrow and stepping close to press the heal of his hand to where Steve’s cock strains against Kevlar. He thrusts into his palm on instinct, groaning only for the sound to be swallowed up by another kiss. “I’ve missed you.” Tony murmurs, his voice soft like the candlelight that highlights his features, the gentle slope of his nose, the definition in his cheekbones and the glossy dark pitch of his hair. Steve lets his head drop to his shoulder, leans into him and sighs when arms wrap his ribs.
Steve could kiss her, Tony goes limp in his arms almost like the panic has drained the last of his energy.
Waking up at 2 am had become such a common occurrence in Steve’s routine that it was almost a cliché. His dreams had been getting all mixed up, they used to just be about Bucky,
I had to call in a favor to get you your precious file.” Her voice drops to a harsh whisper, her eyes continually darting down the empty corridor and then back to Steve because she was acutely aware that Tony had been,
“Hey, Tony-“
file’s in the same archive facility.”
“I didn’t… It wasn’t-“ Steve ties himself in knots, he still can’t think straight, “
And maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was the thrill of it all but Tony sits unabashed, with his cock jutting shamelessly out into the space between them smirking down at Steve on his knees who vaguely remembers something about ‘covering your teeth’ before he licks his lips and takes Tony’s cock all the way down his throat on his first attempt.
along with those Helicarriers, everything pertaining to SHIELD was seized, including, but not limited to-“ Natasha paused for effect “-everything that was in that warehouse. It may have been Tony’s property, but they were under Government control awaiting an emergency sort and destroy.” Steve’s face goes grey. “So,
If he didn’t know better, it sounded like Steve was pouting.
His skin twinges pink as he crawls onto the bed.
He’s asleep where he fell splayed out like a starfish on his stomach, covers half kicked off, exhausted after an evening of pretending to be interested in what the high-flying socialites of New York had to say and plastering on a fake smile, sneaking off at any opportunity to message Steve.
stood closer than two strangers waiting for a bus. When he felt weak he imagined that they embraced, and Steve got to inhale the coconut scent of Tony’s hair and the heady tang of his cologne, just like he used to.
.” Natasha leans forward, “You, of all people should know better than to believe everything you read-”
“Err…” Steve can’t help the secret smile that starts to pull on his lips, the twinge of pink that was painting his ears turns to a full-blown blush of the cheeks when his mind goes back to kissing down Tony’s chest, dropping to his knees, Tony’s hand fisting his hair to a fucked up blond mess…
If that wasn’t an excuse for another hit of scotch, then Tony didn’t know what was.
he says shaking his head and waving his arms in front of him, “I’m out, done…” He turns, about to bolt down the stairs.
“Tony-mmph-”
“Steve.” Tony does a shout-whisper, nothing, he doesn’t even stir. “Steeeve.” He tries again, leaning over the sleeping blond and pawing at his shoulder. He rolls onto his side and clumsily swats Tony’s hand away.
He croaks sounding weak and small.
He comes up level with Tony, looking down at him spread out on his back and pinned with Steve's knees bracketing his hips. His hand comes up to cup the back of Steve’s neck. “I love you,” he says tracing little circles at his hairline, his eyes flitting over the features of Steve’s face.
you’re not alone,” it says, “Do we trust?” Natasha presses her hand to her chest where the sound reverberates through her ribcage.
Steve closes his eyes, recalling it as best he could, his subconscious had built up an image of what Tony might look and feel like naked from the glimpses Steve got in the locker rooms and generally sharing the same living space. His hand strays lower, pausing just above where his shorts are tented. He takes in a shaky breath, hearing Tony’s words from earlier echoing in his head -
His fingertips trace the lines of his ribs when he kisses the scars on his chest where the arc reactor once sat. He sucks at the hollow of his collarbone and it tastes better than the strawberries and champagne.
He pulls Tony against him by his open collar, fumbling blindly with the fragile buttons his attention not in his hands because Tony could kiss filthy, running the tip of his tongue along Steve’s top lip before pushing it passed his teeth tasting sticky and sweet; every calculated lap in his mouth and low vibrating groan pulsing and curling in his stomach, making his cock bounce and throb in anticipation against the rough denim of Tony’s jeans.
they took it.” He gestures at his tablet with a clumsy hand that nearly knocks the tumbler flying. “This footage? Useless, all fuzzy black edges and a few useless security guards going down.” He flips the device up in his hands holding it closer than needed to Steve’s face, it shows a still, a dull black outline of a person, soft and blurred like when a camera catches movement. “Somebody is
Steve asks, half joking half wanting an excuse to get his soapy hands all over him, “You not coming in?” He rests his chin on the edge and looks up, they’ll never both fit, the tubs big but it’s not
“So, this is the place?” Sam looks up skyward to the dull apartment block sat atop the store in fifty shades of brown.
premise. “Err… As much as I hate to ask Steve, but could you…” Steve leans over the side of the bed grabbing for the nearest piece of fabric littering Tony’s bedroom, he ends up chucking him one of his discarded t-shirts from the floor.
Steve, I’m not sleeping in them as well.” He mumbles into Steve’s neck dipping his head to suck at the hollow above his collarbone. Steve’s breath hitches as he lets his eyes flutter closed. “
Tony’s got the swagger he gets when he’s had a few too many, he swings his hips and snickers crowding Steve into an alcove that marks the entrance to a supply closet. “Do you know how hard it is to keep my hands
mess.”
“Neither of us are good when we panic, Tony.” He says evenly, Tony grunts in response. Steve resists adding on a comment about
is on the tip of his tongue when Tony shifts his weight clumsily from one leg to the other pressing himself closer. Steve sucks in air through his teeth.
. Give me a chance to
“Tony,
He ends up gasping in the shower.
, but they’ve brainwashed him and it felt like I’d lost everybody all over again,” Steve takes a measured breath, and Tony coughs a little like he’s stopping himself from saying something. He leaves out the part about the nightmares.
It’s surprise more than anything that stops them from springing apart, they both stand there pressed together from crotch the chest, Tony leaning his full weight against Steve.
,” Tony sniffs dismissively but it’s not an outright denial so it’s the best Steve going to get. “I was desperate,
the first thing we heard was on CNN. What’s going on that you can’t tell us?”
The tower was no stranger to night time wanderers. So, it wasn’t surprising when Steve saw the faint glow of the kitchen light on from underneath the door.
kept there, they would have been destroyed like everything else. As it happens-
Steve can feel the tremors in his arm, sensitive ears can hear the frantic fluttering of his heartbeat.
He hollows his cheeks,
aren’t supposed to be here either…” Tony trails off eyes widen in realisation “You were out with Sharon…” Steve’s gaze drops to his lap.
He can’t breathe right, can’t feel his face. His chest contorts and fights the urge to draw a breath and he feels his insides break, shattering like the crystal whiskey decanter he’d knock on the floor as a kid, he cut his hands to ribbons trying to clean it up before anybody saw.
it’s not him. Something to do with him,
He stalks out the room without looking back.
Tony seethes, sieving his next words through a set of clenched teeth, “Well now Natasha, your friend doesn't appear to be living up to her current status of
“Whatever works for you. I’ll call you tomorrow, we’ll arrange the transfer,” She pauses before adding, “one more thing-your little stunt
He almost pleads as the words start to crowd together taking his spare hand to grip Steve.
The moment their lips touch there’s no going back. It’s devastated because
“You think it might be Hydra?”
Tony’s staring when he opens his eyes his pupils blown wide and fixed at the point where Steve’s lips close around his index and middle finger. “I think you can get out now.”
“G'night Steve… I love you.”
Steve leans to grab a fruit only to have Tony jerk the plate away. “What makes you think you’re getting any?
has sent Tony Stark into a meltdown.”
Rain had threatened that day, it had made the air sit heavy and close against her skin. Natasha pulled her jacket tighter around her shoulders and hunched down into the collar.
he knows it.
She huffs, “Stark - what she does in her spare time is none of my business. She’s good at what she does.”
Tony laughs out softly “How the hell do you hide something
Tony’s blood goes cold.
But he sucks it up,
“What I would have given to have seen
if there’s a chance I can find him then…” Steve’s voice breaks, and he trails off from the high pitched squeak holding back the lump in his throat. He thinks he sees Tony react the slight drop in tension from his shoulders and the flash of concern across the lines of his face that have been pulled tight, “I never meant for it to get in such a mess,
… Now some unidentifiable scumbag’s got their hands on them.” Steve catches the sarcastic grin on his face. “If I knew… I mean… They could be anything-
“There’s something on the monitor.” He states, congratulating himself for dodging the potentially Freudian slip on answering Steve’s initial question.
She felt her companions step falter, saw the flinch of her hand out the corner of her eye as it shot up to paw at her neck subconsciously.
They end up on the floor with everything else.
“Ouch,”
? And that’s
involuntary tremor he’s eliciting from him.
” She drawled deliberately, “One person feeds you the information and
Natasha’s stern voice intones over the commotion.
don’t want to find out.” She watched her shuffle a few steps and stop in front of a newly positioned headstone of polished black marble and gold inlay.
to touch him again he’ll damn near beg if he has to.
stand there any longer. He staggers, almost tripping over himself when he spins to dart away, in a display of un-Captain like clumsiness. Tony stops him dead in his tracks when he says, “Hold up there
Tony’s cut off by the shrill piercing ring of a cell phone.
He reappears with a plate stacked full of strawberries.
The minute turns into ten and they sit long enough for the motion sensors to time out and leave them in darkness; Tony’s warm against his side and Steve still subconsciously keeps track of his breathing in time with the repetitious ticking of the wall clock set to the background hum of the refrigerator motor.
Tony walks backward guiding Steve with him, the smirk still on his face watching Steve obey; he stops when his back hits the edge of a metal workbench; leans up like he might be going in for a kiss and Steve’s there ready, Tony never breaks eye contact as he runs his hand up the back of his neck, Steve’s stomach flips and he starts to feel hazy, but instead of the soft touch of lips, Tony yanks a handful of his hair,
Tony backs down, only a step or two, folding his arms in front of his chest.
deliberately runs his fingers over his palette as he drags them out of his mouth, catching his nails on Steve’s plush bottom lip.
“He’s out there again…. The one I told you about, shall we find him before they do?” Ilona watches Natasha and Sam disappear into a yellow cab, then crouches to be at eye level with her creature. He rumbles and she reaches for the pendant she keeps around her neck, pulling it out from where it rested in the dip of her chest warmed by her skin. It’s a titanium surgical pin, about two inches in length and tapered to a blunt point, its surface polished and machine perfect as it reflects the light coming in from the open window.
“That’s not you in the video.” He says for want of anything better.
she waves a manilla file back and forth before dropping it onto the desk in front of him, “We’ve found out what was taken.” She flips the file open.
The day hasn’t quite broken over New York and it casts the street far below in an eerie orange glow. The small flip phone she has flashes as it proudly displays that it has found a signal. “She’s going to hate me for calling this early.” Natasha bites her lip as she dials.
Tony folds his arms and stares off to the side rocking his jaw likes he’s chewing on his anger.
“I’ve
” Tony says hastily and gets up. “I’m going OK.” Steve watches him hold his hands up like he’s walking towards armed police.
“You jump at enough shadows,” she shouted feeling the air around her shift and grow heavier.
He does it again and Tony’s right there to meet him pushing his weight down taking Steve deeper.
!” Tony switches back to angry and rigid his arms tense tight around his chest again.
Tony pushes the words out, resisting the urge to claw at his chest as the realization of what’s going on grips him, “What the
His stomach’s sticky when he reluctantly pulls away, from Tony, or himself,
and wraps his legs around Steve's waist, lets him hold him up with hands hooked under his ass. Steve doesn’t have to stoop to kiss him like this and Tony’s arms drape around his neck like they’ve been doing this forever.
Tony likes to kiss when he comes, he’d bristle and deny it if Steve every brought it up. He drags Steve in by his collar with his spare hand. Bashes their teeth together, licks and sucks and moans at his bottom lip while his hips jerk forward, making a hot sticky mess between them.
you and me. If anything, weird happens, just go with it…
Steve rolls over; every muscle is tenses, and movement is awkward when you’re this hard; Tony’s brought him to the brink
“Is this…
gesture, “I lent them Happy for the night,
The delicate skin of Tony’s ankles, his tapered calves and lean thighs. The warm indent at his hip bones, the flat of his stomach and the soft downy hairs below his navel.
answer, everything about this situation should not be turning him on this much-but everything about it feels so forbidden. The location, (OK not ideal, but hey who’s around to judge?) the danger of being caught, because it’s
Tony’s back before he’s missed, sunglasses firmly fixed in place doing his best impression of composure, rubbing the pads of his fingers across the tip of his thumb.
job Captain,” Tony smirks shoving his pants back on and stepping closer. Steve never ceasing to be amazed at his recovery time. He moves into Steve’s space, standing so close that Steve can see the slightly flushed gleam of his skin, can feel the graze of fabric against his own when Tony moves closer.
Any further to the left and he’s going to hit his head on the fixture again. The acrid smell of chemicals hangs thick in the air and the shelves are lined with bleach and cleaning rags.
it was his fingernails digging into Tony’s bare skin instead, he groans into his shoulder as his whole body gives out to the dizzying waves of ecstasy that makes his ears ring and leaves his knees shaking.
“Yeah… “ Tony’s voice sounds more like his own again.
… Whatever ‘this’ is.
He’d found Clint snoring on the sofa in the common room once, had a conversation with Thor and discovered he struggled with the time difference between Midgard and Asgard. He’d even caught Natasha on the phone, deep in a hushed conversation that she had abruptly ended upon his intrusion and excused herself.
” Steve struggles with the words, his hands restless with the need to touch brushing Tony’s then pulling at the fabric on his t-shirt.
Steve says and Tony does, filthier than before,
“JARVIS, please remind Steve he will be doing Tony’s laundry tomorrow.” He laughs before he’s silenced by a kiss, or two,
Everything from the waist down is throbbing and he braves the dark floor to find the bottle of lube Tony had jokingly chucked into his bedside drawers the last time he was here.
“Tony, the building was on
He huffs.
they took it.” He gestures at his tablet with a clumsy hand that nearly knocks the tumbler flying. “This footage? Useless, all fuzzy black edges and a few useless security guards going down.” He flips the device up in his hands holding it closer than needed to Steve’s face, it shows a still, a dull black outline of a person, soft and blurred like when a camera catches movement. “Somebody is
Tony’s still up orbiting blissful oblivion when Steve pulls out and drops heavily beside him on the bed, “Hi.” He breaths looking at Tony through half-lidded eyes hazy with contentment.
“I don’t believe you, what was it you said:
hiding in his room with Tony,
The fridge motor that’s been humming the whole time unexpectedly cuts out. Steve hadn’t even realized he had tuned into it but suddenly the only sound in the kitchen is the breathy gasping of unadulterated pleasure scattered with Tony’s casual blasphemy and swearing.
Steve still awkwardly holds the scotch bottle in his hands, “You’re drinking again,” he says and watches the whole of Tony’s back go tense.
Nobody’s going to hear him.
“What happened to
, dear old Dad was fond of designing war machines,” Tony’s face drops, and he looks to Steve in a panic, “what if... What if that’s where he kept the
“Maybe not-” Tony stands, eyes tracing the ridges and planes of Steve’s body, “-but at a hundred bucks a bottle, it’s still gonna taste good,” his tone’s so light-hearted and easy that it makes Steve's chest hurt like it might burst, his cheeks already aching from the size of his smile. Tony gestures for him to get in the tub, like Steve would need any encouragement.
Steve reluctantly shuffles back, still on his knees and waits for some sort of cue that would tell him what to do next.
The candles are burning so low now, the ones closest to them, the few that
hands to the shoulders, push, done, over-finished-nothing getting out of hand. But Tony smells of scotch-he’s making a bad decision, Steve knows he’s no better for letting him do it; his blood rushes South and his hands won’t let go of Tony’s hips because he started something, and now his dick is straining in his pants and Tony’s giving him that rough,
Steve doesn’t need to be told twice, he’s sitting up eye level with Tony and bringing him into a bruising kiss, one hand knotted in his hair and the other yanking down his shorts as far as his position will allow, they end up hooked on one ankle before he’s pushed back into the pillows by hands flat on his chest.
He counts a full sixty seconds of the wall clock ticking whilst they stand there, “You alright?” He says, breathless where Tony landed on him but not loosening his grip.
It’s a minute or two before Steve releases the vice-like grip he’s got Tony in and lets him sag against his chest before he unsteadily takes his own weight again.
Tony’s eyes flare with anger when they make deliberate contact with Steve’s who blinks back tears because this was the last thing he wanted. “And
man,” Sam warns. Tony scowls and Steve sighs.
isn't like you,” Tony smirks, it sends a wave of shame through Steve’s whole body, he shifts his weight awkwardly, doing his best to pretend he wasn’t here to see if Tony would listen to him,
He’d murmur and Tony would go like he was in a trance, fooling himself into thinking he could keep hold of something so precious.
He breaths when a hand slips under the waistband.
“You interrupted us to tell us that?” Tony angles his head away from Steve irritated at the AI, sounding like he might be trying to shut him up. Steve still isn't entirely convinced he’s breathing he can hear the conversation between the two, but it sounds miles away.
He knows that there should be
It feels tight and slick and
Tony’s voice is a broken whisper.
“You’re bound to see a few
slowly and
A gently pull at his hair has him perking up, “No falling asleep, come on your champagne is getting warm,”
No plot really, just me having a go at a different style of writing.
He braces on the counter when Tony slots back against him, straddling his thigh, resting something hard and hot just above his right knee. He watches Tony shut his eyes, flinch and grunt like the pressure is too much as he settles himself. It makes his stomach jump with nervous anticipation, he’s still torn; half wanting to push Tony away and send him on his way to his own bed and never mention this again, half wanting to drag him back to his room and show him that the virtuous Captain America wasn’t the morally righteous boy scout they all thought he was.
“Come on, it’s New Years' Eve, it’s almost midnight, come watch the fireworks.” Steve points towards the panoramic windows in the common room. “It’s a clear night,
“I said,
He’d blown it.
He can feel it building in pit of his stomach, making the back of his neck prickle and pulling the corners of his vision to a grey blur, his whole body feels like it’s about to explode and it pulses agonisingly close to tipping over the edge each time Steve hits the precious bundle of nerves that makes his balls jump up to his body.
“Nope, we’ll be fine. You seem to have everything under control here, so… Happy New Year!” Tony’s never been a dog person
It’s not fair.
Subconsciously he must have pulled at them because there’s shuffling and movement, the hand disappears, Steve instinctively follows it lurching forward off the counter.
“And I haven’t heard from you in over twenty-four hours, comms weren’t dark on this one, you were supposed to call yesterday.”
Steve says wiping a hand over his face, drawing in breath after ragged breath, trying to ignore his cock that's harder than it had ever been and throbbing where it's trapped against his stomach by the waistband of his shorts.
Steve must have felt Tony’s cock jerk in his hand because his grip goes loose, Tony whines. Steve
“So, it’s a
“It’s the holidays. I’m not even sure Nick Fury’s in the country right now. I mean, even we’re on a skeleton crew.” He gestures between himself and Steve before pausing. “Wait,
“-because she’ll lead us straight to Bucky,” Tony’s the only one with the right vantage point to see Steve's eyes glaze, his hand drops from where it was resting on Tony’s chest taking the warmth with it. Something constricts in his throat.
Sorry this took me so long to update!
his voice sounds strained but laced with amusement and he pushes back to release himself from Steve’s arms.
,” he pauses to stop his voice cracking, “Then I find my best friend growing up is still alive, and…
Pepper looks at him little uncertain, “I think so-“
there’s more redactions in it than something out of Area 51. Half of it doesn’t make sense.” There’s more shuffling, more papers get moved. “I
Steve cuts in, “Tony, are you sure that’s a good idea-“
“-Luckily Steve was there to save everybody’s ass.” The small crowd around him erupts in laughter at the conclusion of Fury’s anecdote snapping him back to the present, he plays off the startled look and pink twinge to the tips of his ears laughing along with them, hoping that nobody wants a ‘this is what happened next’ follow up because he’s not got a
Steve grabs Tony’s wrist. “Talk to me. If not me, talk to somebody.” He feels Tony twist his arm and test his grip before he sighs.
She flashes him the ‘just roll with it’ look beckoning him to keep close as they step over the threshold.
he whispers into Steve’s mouth sucking at his bottom lip with just the hint of teeth as his fingers brush the tags again. He pulls back, and Steve lets out something close to a whine following Tony’s lips like they’re magnetic. Tony only smirks in the moonlight lifting himself up and slinging a leg over to straddle his bedmate and rest his weight where the thin material of Steve’s boxer briefs is stretched to breaking point.
Anger mixed with betrayal churns in Tony’s stomach and rushes into the space between them, “You should have come talked to me, instead of…
“Fine,” he bites, stalking over to the railing to watch the footage, leaving Steve standing there shaking. “Show me what’s so important.”
Tony hasn’t got enough strength left to look into the void that Steve used to occupy in his heart, not enough strength just to look and see how deep it really went, how much of
“Right! Well, there’s a massive energy draw over New Jersey,” He starts leading the way down to his workshop aware of Steve’s bare footsteps behind him.
“S’Pepper.” He says looking up guiltily. He holds the phone in his hands like he can’t work the damn thing.
He yelps and his scalp sings, Tony laughs.
Every time Steve breaks away and threatens to slide his fingers all the way out only to let Tony’s body suck them back in again.
I kept thinking about you.” Stretching up, he ghosts his mouth over Steve’s and he quivers at the touch, the soft velvet brush and rough catch from his beard.
fight.
But that noise the rough-gravelly sound pitches straight to the recesses of Steve's brain that was still churning over the event in the kitchen and throws it back into sharp focus, when Tony’s rough fingertips had been pressing against the vein that ran along the underside of his cock and he’d been rubbing himself off against Steve’s thigh.
he wasn’t sure how to deal with.
It would sound petulant defending a corner that was no longer his.
if it’s bulletproof.”
Steve’s no better, hands suddenly grip Tony’s hips like he’s caught in a vice, the way his body jolts and he curses through gritted teeth, thrusting one final time before doubling over and exploding still buried in Tony’s ass. Super Soldier or not, he’s still brought shaking to his knees by one hell of an orgasm.
The security tape starts to play a wide-angled view of the darkened museum rotunda lit by emergency lighting and nothing else, nothing worthwhile, nothing interesting. He’s not even sure he’s still interested …
He wipes a tear away from his eye still stifling the last of his snickers.
before they go public;
Is all Steve manages to answer, his brain mush because it was expecting an orgasm and instead it’s like being doused with ice water. They stand frozen whilst the cell builds volume,
he says breathy and desperate, as he bears down on him again kissing him; pushing his tongue past teeth and tangling it with Steve’s; his hands have found the tags again.
She leads him to a back entrance through a set of peeling black metal gates and past an enormous mound of trash. She’s not surprised to find the back fire escape door hanging off its hinges at an angle.
mercenaries to break-in and steal-“
The pacing was doing little to placate his body, the softest glance of the fiction from walking alone was making him grind his teeth and his face flush with heat.
“So?” Steve yawns and stretches making every muscle flex and ripple under his too-tight shirt. Tony coughs, does his best impression of nonchalance but steals a glance anyway.
you need to know.” Natasha pauses in the middle of a flight of stairs four floors to go before the top. “She’s not… that’s to say… She’s,” Natasha always struggled with the right words on how to describe Ilona, “She’s not
Tony might have protested if he wasn’t so preoccupied, pushing Steve’s foreskin back exposing the oversensitive head that’s glistening and dewy, rubbing his own cock against it with his spare hand and sucking in a sharp breath at the contact. Steve’s knees could buckle, and his eyes are screwed shut when Tony works his skin over them. He not sure he ever agreed to this, the overwhelming feeling of being fused to Tony in such a way because that’s what it is - overwhelming. The slight stretch of his skin over Tony’s cock, the slick rub of their heads together, Tony’s hand that’s working him into a fervor. The calculated strokes along both of them, the complete contrast of the roughness of Tony’s palm that catches on the soft velour of his foreskin.
His lip curls back on his teeth when he speaks. “And you made it pretty clear who was important to you and who was-” he pauses, and Steve knows, he’s looking for the words that are going to cut the deepest. It’s fine Steve can take it,
“Yeah, yeah… It was there…” There’s a silence.
him in weeks. They spoke often enough, brief phone calls between meetings when privacy was at a premium that neither could afford; and there had been texting,
The moment the door closes behind her Natasha knew she was screwed, the intended stealth mission back to her room went out the window and smashed on the street below when she snuck back in from the fire escape and came face to face with Steve, and shield or no shield the guy cut an intimidating figure when he stretched up to his full height and puffed his chest out so he was as wide as he was tall.
“Don’t worry Cap,” Tony stands, clapping Steve on his back as the cliché tumbles out of his mouth before he can stop it. “There’s plenty more fish in the sea.” He feels shoulders stiffen under his hand.
beautiful the way his bare chest had flinched under his fingers, the way his breath had caught, and he’d shut his eyes and relaxed into the feeling, letting Tony have his way, letting him explore until there wasn’t an inch left Tony hadn’t kissed with the dulcet sound of Steve’s soft moans in his ear.
Steve stands and the lights flicker back to life as he blinks down. Tony holds his hand up. “Help me up? My ass has gone numb.” Steve thinks he almost sees a smile as he hauls him to his feet.
“So, we’re sleeping in this then?” Tony ask against the back of Steve’s neck with a hint of amusement. Steve answers with a deep sigh and a barely lucid sentence. Tony’s pretty sure he heard something about them both sleeping in worse. He stretches and yawns suddenly too sleepy to care himself. “You’re gross Steve.” He mutters, he doesn’t get an answer this time just the peaceful intake and exhale of breath from his lover.
“A friend. Somebody I trust with my life.” She looks for a reaction. “I’m going to get the file tomorrow.” Steve nods.
trick again, he pulls his fingers out instead and Tony wants to protest, call him a tease, tell him not to start something he can’t finish. His eyes fly open and he’s met by the sight of Steve sat back on his heels, sucking in raw uneven breaths. He watches as the air catches in Steve’s throat and he flinches at his own hand running the length of his cock coating it in lube until it's glistening and letting out some guttural growl. He looks so hard that he might keel over from it, apparently, he’s been getting off to Tony getting off.
. Tony rolls his eyes in the dark. “Rogers! Wake up!” He darts out the way narrowly missing being clocked in the jaw by Steve sitting bolt upright. “Whoa!” overbalancing, he ends up sat next to him on the bed.
Tony feels heavy in his lap and he realizes he shaking, his whole body quivering in his grip and they’re
You were going to ask me how I am and I’m answering,
The thought’s enough to make Steve pause, a deep-seated ache swells in his chest and pushes the air out of his lungs threatening to overwhelm him, he hasn’t seen Tony in
tight, he spreads his fingers out across each globe of his ass pushing his cock up against the tight ring of muscle until he feels the resistance give.
“No weapon blue-prints missing, no trade secrets snatched?”
*	*	*
It’s Steve who breaks it, “I should…” He says gesturing to the door around Tony whose hands still rest on his chest, warm through the thin faded cotton of his t-shirt.
Tony’s managed to leave a trail of his clothing from the front door to the bedroom, dress shoes, pants, jacket, tie, shirt and boxers-somewhere by the foot of the bed in a crumpled heap on the floor.
she says. The picture, the one currently making Natasha’s stomach knot, is of the cells at the Hydra facility documented when the base was found empty and destroyed.
him to notice. It sends Tony’s mind straight to the gutter because he knows the way those thin pieces of metal just brush his ass and the inside of his thighs when he’s lying back and being sucked off, the way they heat up and stick to Steve’s chest when he’s sweaty and about to come with Tony pounding into him, the way they rest in between his shoulders when Steve’s behind and kissing along his hairline fucking him on the nearest available surface when they’ve not seen each other for days or when Tony’s in his lap legs wrapped around him anchoring his hand in the chain and pulling at it, making it bite into the back of Steve’s neck when he’s all kisses and tender words bucking them both to ecstasy.
nothing was leaving that facility. It was the only way-“
Sam seems to jolt to life stepping around in front of Natasha, putting himself between her and Tony, “
His eyelids go heavy as the lights go out. He hears the bed creaking when Steve climbs in; Tony shifts and ends up being the little spoon, it’s nice. Steve’s chest is so warm against his back.
Why else would you be awake?”
He hears him say through grit teeth as he starts to fall out of rhythm.
they had been in the same room longer than ten seconds.
“What d’you need Steve?
“It’s the security footage that was recovered,” The screen blinks. Tony breaks their eye contact to glance at the screen.
“Got possessed and I had to hit him over the head.” Natasha laughed.
And maybe another twenty up against the kitchen counter…
They taste as good as they look, nectarous and lush to the point that his jaw and throat ache for the flavor again. He must have been pulling a face or making a noise because Tony laughs and feeds him another. Touching it to Steve’s bottom lip before he moves it within his reach.
does everybody say I lecture?” He says screwing his eyes shut. “I’m not pissed at you-“
He was a mess, no fit state to be standing here.
“Death has a weird frequency. I can feel it in this place, but it’s not coming from here.” She pointed down at the settling earth, “S’just dirt.” Natasha caught her arm as she turned away with a sigh, “I miss our team, you all went off to be fancy pants Avengers.” She said as they started away from the cemetery. “How’s Clint?”
