There must be another way. Come on, Watson.
This wasn’t their first kiss, but it was still new enough to overwhelm Sherlock and this was the first time there was a promise for more.
“Look, Sherlock, I was just...trying to have some fun. I know you’ve probably never done anything like this in school and it seemed like a great idea last night. I’m sorry. The Scotch got to me as well, I guess.  It’ll wash right off, though, I didn’t use permanent marker.”
Irene: Who are you again?
Jesus, what is my life?
Are there any developments in the rescue plan?
Greg: Always so eloquent. It isn’t hard to see why you are the director of media relations.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “They caught me in Serbia, right before I came back.”
From: Michael.stamford@nasa.gov
Here goes nothing!
“Yes, I don’t see why not. I’m Sherlock, by the way,” he said, awkwardly holding out his hand. How did ordinary people do these type of things? It was pure agony.
SH: Not a guess.
At around 4:30 a.m. CST our satellites detected a storm approaching the Ares III mission site on Mars. The storm escalated to severe and we had no choice but to evacuate the crew and abort the mission. Commander Sholto and the entire crew performed admirably, but it is with great sadness we have to inform you that during the evacuation astronaut John Watson lost his life.
“Hm? I didn’t do much at all. It was all you.”
LOG ENTRY: SOL 73
“So you see it’s quite simple mathematics, John, I’m sure you’ve the capacity to understand it if you put your mind to it. You are relatively clever.” Sherlock manages to sound bored and smug at the same time.
SH: I suppose. It’s really just the best solution to the problem.
I can give you the exact time windows for the satellites so they can make pictures of the Ares III site.
“Medical student, thinking about specializing in surgery. You should, you have the hands for it,” Sherlock finished for him. The man blinked up at him.
01.22.2036 - 16:05
I do not want to endanger their mission any further. Again, I only think about their safety. I suggest you do the same.
John’s hand disappeared under his shirt, sliding over his chest. His lips were still moving against Sherlock’s jaw, he hadn’t yet realised that Sherlock himself had become still as a statue.
Subject: Re:request for an emergency meeting
I know what you will say:
It took me forever, but it seems to be working!
: Inherently insane.
Alright, time to test drive this thing!
Subject: satellite time
Our team all have their specialties, but NASA makes sure we all know the basics, so we can take over critical tasks and experiments in case one of us falls ill or something. For instance, the rest of the crew all have a basic knowledge of medical procedures and had first aid training, in case I get stranded on a planet.
John let Sherlock invade all his senses. Breathing in the scent of sweat and smoke, the rough texture of wool brushing against his fingertips. With Sherlock panting against his ear and the leather gloves catching at the skin of his throat, it was easy to dismiss everything that wasn’t the two of them.
LOG ENTRY: SOL 34
Sherlock looks up at him, frowning against the sun.
Mike: Oh, never mind. What have you got?
Subject: Project Watson
Mike: Well, he’s on Mars. Alone. People know that it’s a risky situation, right?
Molly: Yes, well...
Dear Gregory,
Later, when the first shock had died down, and Sherlock had a lot more data about kissing and more specifically
: What does that entail?
We’ll see.
I’m going to give it my all, but if that isn’t enough, there is plenty of morphine in the medical area for a lethal dose.
was responsible for
Well.
The rovers can drive for 35 kilometers when charged - this is assuming the terrain is flat, which it won’t be. I’ve been thinking I can sacrifice one rover for parts and put its battery in my pimped rover, so I’ll have double the power. I’ll keep the Rover I stayed in during the Hydrogen Bomb Disaster - I’ve grown attached to it.
: We’re working on that as well.
Mike: What? Why?
Communications array: dish is gone and nowhere to be found, antenna broke off and nearly killed me. Not the best situation.
It didn’t take much to take him apart these days.
When they walked into the Scotland Yard  building, he started to notice something was off. He was used to people staring and throwing him funny looks, but it seemed to be more intense than usual. John was still walking right next to him though, so he deleted the others as was his usual way of dealing with their nonsense. Lestrade was sorting out papers when they arrived at his office and Sherlock was already bored out of his mind before he could take a seat. He’d rather start on that experiment he had wanted to do for some time now, and he better do it before John found out he had a jar of maggots stashed in a cupboard. He let his mind wander for a bit, until he noticed Lestrade’s hands had stopped rummaging through the piles of paperwork and looked up to see him staring at John. Then he suddenly came back to life, cruising through their statements and wishing John luck before sending them away again.
It had taken a while before Rose noticed, though – or at least, before she acted upon it.
She fiddled with her hair. “Shame.”
He and Sherlock soon concluded that two things needed to be done: to collect evidence of who she really was so that she could be safely locked away by the justice system, and to safeguard the baby’s wellbeing. In order to achieve the second goal, they had to postpone the first one, as it would be a lot easier to get custody over the baby if Mary didn’t get convicted until after it was born.
Sherlock cautiously let him. This was not a joke. John was dead serious.
-- Everything alright? The Hobnobs at Tesco’s reminded me of you. J
He has walked into the kitchen, not really knowing what it is he thinks to find there.
“Honestly, I don’t know. They were from all over the place. I’ve tried to forget. And I did,” she sighed. “One of them was a woman. That’s about all I can recall.”
is close,” he whispered back, articulating emphatically.
John was half expecting her to finally blame him for not telling her that Aunt Viv had been ill.
of giving his first.
“Yeah. Well, they were probably trying to protect me, in their own, strange way.”
“Saline.”
Quick as a flash, Sherlock had texted John.
Only now had he come to understand his lifelong, simmering fascination with the language.
“Well, looks like it was Arthur’s mum after all, who waited here to meet him and lost this from her bag.”
It dawns on him that they should really talk, either way.
John’s smile broadened and he briefly pressed his lips to Sherlock’s once more. “
Smith continued to smile confidently.
“You are a good man, and you are doing a good thing,” John mumbled.
you think I will ever believe you or trust you again, Sherlock! This is just one of your schemes again, I just know it. Now get me out of here. I want to go home.”
(While, occasionally, the two of them being completely worn out by cases that involved either day-long scouring for information or wild chases down dark alleyways might have contributed as well to the heavenly feeling of this particular bed, that always awaited them afterwards.)
Of course, John was shorter than he.
She frowned. Then, thankfully, she left.
Finally, John continued, “I’m personally not particularly comfortable with the idea of anything up my arse either. I totally understand. It’s all fine. I just... I love you.”
“You’ve come a very long way,” Hannah said. She knew it took courage to change your familiar ways, especially when imprinted by your parents.
Although… to be fair, it
.” He stared ahead, looking bewildered.
“Ten thousand pounds for the man who can say where your son is, right?” Sherlock said. “I’ll give you my bank details in a minute. Your son is right here, in your house. Do your fire alarms work?”
The dragon slayers were finally allowed to rest, relax and be in love.
“Well, this most definitely isn’t just an experiment to me,” John reassured. He stroked Sherlock’s back, secretly pleased that he was worried about this. Thankfully, they were on the same page. “And we’ve known each other for quite a while, so I’m pretty sure neither of us has any surprise secrets in store that could change anything.”
“Oh, that! No one. Just her.” Sherlock frowned. “Is that alright?” he asked cautiously.
?” John smiled back, raising his eyebrows.
“You’ve got all the way to the door and not made any move to phone for a taxi, and look at you. You didn’t even bring a coat. In this rain? Now, well, that might mean nothing, except for the angle of the scars on your left forearm; you know, under that sleeve that you keep pulling down.”
“Sherlock,” John said, sounding worried.
“Alright, I guess.” John moved closer and embraced Sherlock, burying his face in his neck, his head still cloudy with sleep.
Sherlock nodded a smile at her as their gazes crossed.
“He got them about a year after he came to live where he is now. So that’s, let me think… seven years ago. We were a bit wary of the idea at first, as you can imagine, but they seem to calm him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded and gave Sherlock a quick kiss. Then he went to make some tea for himself and sat down behind his laptop to answer an email from the estate agent. Once that was done, he would write an email to Harry.
“Hmm. Well, let me ask you this.” He stopped and looked at John. “Are you really a doctor?”
Sherlock thought for a moment as he studied the way her fur gleamed in the light just as the Lost Special had. “Hm. Although I do like it, I actually rather thought… Blackbeard,” he replied. “Let’s go and ask Sherrinford. I have a feeling he was involved in this initiative as well,” Sherlock smirked.
Who on earth was she? And why had she pretended to be Culverton Smith’s daughter?
Here went nothing.
John stared at him, appalled. “They gave you
John turned out to be the only one there. He asked how the interrogation had gone and Sherlock replied reassuringly.
Sherlock found out that he especially liked neck kisses while John touched him. And that John preferred when Sherlock pressed close to him from behind and nuzzled his hair.
He let his head fall to one side, feeling the velvety structure of the head cushion against his skin. Familiar, somehow.
They languidly nuzzled each other’s necks, hands sliding under T-shirts, and mouths finding yet new spots to plant kisses.
His simple, honest love and attention did seem to heal many wounds, though – slowly, very slowly – and as long as they were at home with the three of them, everything seemed almost normal. No, better than normal.
As soon as it was sent, he deleted the message from Violet’s ‘sent items’, so as not to leave any trace of his actions.
“Ah. Yes. The thing with the text to Faith had been my back-up plan, that I’d forgotten about until Smith reminded me he didn’t do handshakes,” Sherlock told John. He held a mug in both hands as he basked in the warmth of the lit fire. “Of course, I hadn’t really anticipated that I’d only hallucinated meeting his daughter.” Sherlock took a sip of tea, gazing towards the floor, and sighed. “Still a bit troubled by the daughter,” he said softly. “Did seem very real, and she gave me information I couldn’t really have acquired elsewhere.” He raised his eyes to John’s. He was trying hard to ignore his bone pain, which he knew would fade once his body gradually got used to the lack of heroin; same for the cold flashes. He shivered, and drew his dressing gown a little tighter over his clothes.
John unhurriedly started undressing Sherlock – whose lazy smile indicated his approval of the proceedings – and then made quick work of his own clothes, after which Sherlock instantly conjured up a bottle of lube seemingly out of nowhere and applied the contents onto John with dazzling and delicious dexterity.
“Pity.”
“Well,
She nonchalantly leaned her back against the wall next to the door, hands in her pockets.
“Sherlock, nobody who has ever loved me, has properly
“I don’t know. Mutual understanding?”
John sat up a bit straighter on the sofa.
“Yes.”
When Sherlock was done, he gestured for John to sit between his legs again.
John had no idea what to think. He didn’t like not knowing what Sherlock was up to. And he didn’t like him being up to anything in the first place, in the state he was in. Also, he most certainly didn’t like him being in that state to begin with (and that was the understatement of the year).
illustrations by Sherlockedart (used with their permission).
When they arrived at Priory School, the premises were still swarming with officers. There would only be a few more hours till dusk, creating a palpable nervousness in the air. Beverly led them to the DI in charge of the investigation, Lee, and announced to him in no uncertain terms that Mr Sherlock Holmes was to be given free rein and access to all parts of the operation.
.” She blew a big, purple bubble and let it pop against her mouth. “Your Mummy even stole my Daddy’s book.” She raised her eyebrows, waiting for his reaction.
Eric stopped and pressed a button outside one of the rooms. “The door-light,” he explained. “Instead of a doorbell, which he wouldn’t be able to hear. He startles if we just barge in.” After a few seconds, Eric opened the door with a key card and let them in.
“You do? Interesting.” Sherlock had steepled his fingers thoughtfully. “Is she the personal assistant to Lady Smallwood at the secret services?”
John had never felt so possessive of someone before. But maybe it was because of having seen Sherlock, who was always so very composed in this respect, become completely undone beneath him (and above him, alongside him; frankly in every thinkable position it was technically possible to give a hand- or blowjob in): it was simply the most exquisite thing in the world to see this genius being reduced to incoherent moans and whimpers, surrendering himself completely to John.
Sherlock didn’t see any cookbook, laptop or phone that John was reading instructions from. He did, however, on second glance, notice a yellowed old piece of paper with unfamiliar handwriting propped against the toaster.
Sherlock had never seen John like this before,
“Was it good?”
At that instant, however, his attention was drawn back to the table near the window. He couldn’t exactly hear the words, but Violet and Bob’s body language clearly indicated that the moment Sherlock had anticipated had arrived. They were bickering about who had invited whom.
“Yes, come in, Mrs Hudson,” he called back.
Sherlock studied him, without judgement.
“Wouldn’t it be much simpler to take out your grievances at the polling station?” Sherlock had jested, confidently.
“Then come inside me,” Sherlock whispered, their foreheads touching.
“Are you sure?” he rasped.
John followed them at a safe distance. They entered a supermarket in the next block, where they bought some groceries. Then they walked back to the flat again.
As soon as he sat down, Sherlock produced the new colouring pencils and notebook he had bought at the train station (not wanting to upset his brother by borrowing his without asking).
“John.”
Sherlock nodded awkwardly.
“’Partners forever’.”
“John, don’t be alarmed. I’m here now.”
Sherlock revelled in the feeling of their stomachs touching skin to skin and pulled John even closer to him.
Btw sorry for posting this chapter quite a bit later than usual. To be completely honest, I had a bad case of the writer’s blues. :( Although I am grateful for every single one of you who have left kudos and lovely comments, I had hoped to attract more readers than this. It’s just hard to keep investing around two hours a day, every day, over the course of an entire year (next to my day job), just so that a few dozen people can enjoy this story. There are some other WIPs being written right now that tons of people on tumblr keep going on about, and for the first time in my entire life, I felt jealous. Which is a crippling emotion. But in the end, I’ve decided to abandon all dignity and just promote myself more on tumblr, and in the meanwhile, to just keep writing. :) For my faithful fans. Especially mama-orion, who has become a dear fandom friend and who cheered me up when I needed it most. <3
what had happened at the morgue.
“Chips?”
“But I wanted more.”
“And yes, I am a bit creepy, but that’s just my U.S.P. I use it to sell breakfast cereal. But am I what he says I am?” Smith pointed at Sherlock. “Is that what you’re asking?” He walked past John and continued along the side of the table.
She shook her head, obviously realising that this was a strange inconsistency.
Sherlock gasped as John suggestively pushed back against Sherlock’s groin, before invitingly leaning forward on his elbows over the cluttered worktop.
He wanted to kiss Sherlock, hold him, tell him he loved him – but he just sat there stupidly on his knees, frozen, his whole body as stiff as his prick.
.” She rolled her eyes.
* * * * *
Hannah went pale. “That’s our street. Briony is in danger!” She dived for her phone and punched in a number, while she hurried out of the room.
Moore gave Sherlock a scathing look as he spun around to head for the entrance once more. John, in turn, raised his eyebrows at Sherlock in warning, and briefly touched his hand as if to remind him that he would be right there with him and they would only have to endure the ignorant prick for a short time. Sherlock managed a tight-lipped smile at John, grateful that he was there. He realised that he was on edge not only because of the thrill of a new case, but also because he didn’t dare to think about the boy’s current situation. Every minute counted.
Hold hands.
, he thought, apropos of nothing. He drew a long breath, wearily looking around Lestrade’s empty office. He’d gone out again, apparently.
John wasn’t even sure why he was doing this.
“Do you know, John,” said Sherlock, “that it is one of the curses of a mind with a turn like mine that I must look at everything with reference to my own special subject. You look at these scattered houses, and you are impressed by their beauty. I look at them, and the only thought which comes to me is a feeling of their isolation and of the impunity with which crime may be committed there.”
It soon turned out that said crook had had no idea who he’d tried to rob. He’d just been out for a quick snatch-and-grab. Which amused John no end, afterwards, when they were having dinner at their hotel.
They walked down hallways, up staircases, past painted portraits of ancestors and relatives – and even the odd pet – until they arrived at the door to Arthur’s room, in the north wing.
“What?”
Would he ever see John again? John hated him; that much was clear. The ferocity with which John had knocked him down spoke volumes. He could still feel John’s fist against his temple.
It was like an ingrained role pattern they had developed, but which might be able to change if they just implemented some small changes themselves.
In his mind, it was as if she was laughing at him, mocking him for failing to find proper proof of her crimes, delighting in his passive misery, even, over her own sodding death.
To see how much of a threat he was, perhaps? Or to figure out how to silence him if that became necessary.
But above all, she had needed to collect information, of course. She needed to know everything there was to know about Sherlock Holmes – and therefore, about John Watson – in order to be able to make the rest of his life as miserable as possible. To thwart all his plans the way he’d frustrated Jim’s and Rose’s, and to let him lose the person who was dearest to him, just like they’d lost Jim.
“Yes. This. Is. Amazing,” Sherlock stammered.
There was Mycroft, in his three-piece suit, pensively sitting in Sherlock’s chair, hands folded over the handle of his expensive umbrella. “Have you come to get his toothbrush and pyjamas?” Mycroft said, humourlessly.
Irene studied her for a moment. “Thank you,” she then said. “You have already saved the lives of my wife and our daughter.”
“Seriously, a
“Both!” Sherlock roared, adding a hysterical edge to keep the spirit up.
As they sat down at the small table in his room, Sherlock leaned close to John and put a hand on his shoulder, to help Sherrinford figure it out. When Rosie instantly stretched her little hands towards him, indicating she wanted to move from John’s lap to his, he took her in his arms.
The silence that followed was no longer awkward.
When they looked at each other again, both smirking, their faces still only inches apart, John mouthed “I love you”. Sherlock mouthed back “I know” and was about to walk on, but in a swift movement John firmly grabbed his waist with both hands and turned Sherlock back towards him.
, alright.” He shook his head, amused.
, has apparently
John was becoming rather desperate for some stimulation himself, but this was not about him; so he resolved to simply put his own needs on hold for now.
“If you could lower the daggers in your gaze for a moment, perhaps you could allow me to explain. I think I know why you chose to change your allegiances, but I need your confirmation to prove me correct.”
James raised an inquisitive eyebrow—I could only see the corner of it. Despite the darkness of the situation, there seemed to be some amusement in his expression. “Could not…?”
“Why should I bother to revere what is proper if he cannot think to address his own son with respect?”
Holmes smashed the head of the man he had been fighting into the floor and the man did not move again, though I could see the rise and fall of his chest.
James huffed indignantly, as if the years-old assumption still pained him. “Perhaps. Initially, I am certain that was his motivation; I am certain he was to confront me the next time he saw me after he heard the news. However, when he saw me standing in his rooms, with you—I daresay he thought I was about to attack
—my friend’s voice rang in my ear, prescient as always. Just as I opened my mouth to reply, our attention was drawn away by Mary’s voice behind us.
else!” Silver sounded indignant at the very suggestion. “We have been working together for
Mary smiled at me, despite the clear unease in her eyes. Her anxiety perturbed me greatly. My wife is not a woman to fear for no good reason, and few things from our shared past have caused this particular look to appear on her face. I have endured the height of wartime, the peril of villainous criminals, the thrill of uncovering the means to a most convoluted conflict. And yet, in this very moment, the Hamilton affair felt more dangerous, more personal, than all fear I had experienced before. I grasped Mary’s hand in my own, a small attempt to assuage the disquieting feeling coursing between the both of us.
Holmes steepled his fingers under his chin as he was often prone to do before laying out his findings. “I can agree that the casual way in which Lady Hamilton greeted us upon our arrival at the Hamilton estate did little to disprove the Earl’s indication of the unconventional nature of his daughter-in-law. What did strike me, however, was the demeanour of our hosts upon personal introduction. Thomas—as he insists we refer to him—was clearly not the pawn of his wife’s fantastical, villainous schemes as the Earl had so vividly described him as; quite the contrary. So quick in his wit and so very accurate and sharp in his rebuttals to his guests, one must doubt that such a man would easily fall to the ill will of anyone, much less a woman such as the Lady. Whilst he does strike me as rather naive in his convictions, particularly those pertaining to wider societal issues that he seems convinced he can solve with the power of discourse and enough glasses of wine, he is anything but a weak-willed individual. On the contrary, I believe he could be very powerful and destructive in his ire should one have reason to draw this upon themselves.
“Indeed, I have.” I spotted a glint of something jovial in his eye.
I wondered, vaguely, whether the fire was lit in Baker Street as well, whether Holmes was standing above it with his usual look of contemplation, hands steepled behind his back. The thought entered my mind, unexpected yet not unwelcome, as thoughts of Holmes tended to be. Any emotion born of this interaction with Thomas Hamilton seemed to rely, in exclusion, with feelings toward my old friend. A truth such as that unnerved me, in the altered state my mind existed in at the moment. To think of Holmes in such a vulnerable state was a danger I dared not explore most days. Yet, Thomas seemed to wish to pull such indecency out of me anyway.
Dear Watson
James then led Thomas into the cottage beside Mary and Miranda’s. Silver stood in the road, his hand flexing into thin air. Awkwardness was an odd look to him.
“Yes, I am well aware.”
After a beat of silence, Silver nodded. He followed Thomas and James, and closed the door behind them with a definitive click.
“How can this be the wrong transport?” I asked, looking from Vane to Holmes, bewildered. “I thought the reconnaissance—”
Whatever it was that James was about to say, it was left unsaid—for our conversation was suddenly interrupted by Mary, rushing into the room. She was flushed, out of breath and her eyes were shining in the darkness.
He nodded in exhausted compliance, and tore himself away from Miranda slowly. He removed both coats and his shirt in—somewhat surprising—haste, and handed them to Miranda to do away with. Mary had rushed past us into the hall to fetch my medical bag, I assumed. She returned in a moment with it in hand, before herself and Miranda left us to the fire, with Miranda placing a kiss on James’ forehead. At that moment I was less so Mary’s husband or even her friend, I was a doctor returning from war with an injured patient.
“If I tell Holmes I must rescind my involvement, I cannot confirm he will not be able to discover the true reason,” I replied. A knowing, pained nod from my wife followed. “Besides, with your knowledge of the Hamiltons’ personal lives, and Holmes’ detection abilities, perhaps we can work this in our favour.”
Unable to procure a response, I placed a comforting hand on his forearm. James accepted it, and although the tension in his frame remained, his breathing seemed to ease up ever so slightly.
He raised his hand to stop me from talking. “I am the one who should apologise, Doctor Watson. I did not mean for—” He seemed lost for words for a moment, which, I assumed, was a rarity for him indeed. “It was not my intention to make you believe I have any demands towards you. Quite the contrary. As I said, you are a rather remarkable man, in many ways—and I will stand by this assessment any day. Nevertheless, I am not blind, doctor. I know very well that your heart belongs to another.” A gentle, careful smile appeared on his face, one intended to comfort rather than mock. His gaze and voice both turned unbearably soft, as he added, quietly, almost pious in his revelation: “In fact, so does mine.”
“Debt? Is that all this is?” Silver spoke again, forcing my gaze back to him and James. James’ hand was on his belt, flicking at the buckle in a mindless action, as if he was reaching for a sword that was no longer to be found there.
“Allow me to help with this case, and perhaps my assistance can transform this matter into one for my new friend’s benefit,” she requested. “For I am disinclined to believe the Earl of Ashbourne’s assessment of her. Miranda, for as long as I have known her, has struck me to be kind, honest and true to her core. She has mentioned this man who you allege her to be in affairs with—James, did you say?—but not in any way I would consider improper. He is her husband’s colleague and, as far as I can tell, spends most of his time by Lord Hamilton’s side. If my involvement would be of help clearing Miranda’s name as it is, John, then I will stop at nothing to do so.”
He nuzzled Sherlock’s shoulder, breathing in his wonderful scent as he pressed his chest close to Sherlock’s warm back. Not entirely coincidentally, his morning wood aligned perfectly with Sherlock’s bum crack. Without thinking, he undulated his hips to create some welcome friction. That felt good. He dozed off again, dreaming about a deserted beach, with not a soul in sight but for Sherlock and himself, where they lay on the soft sand, making love.
They didn’t lean into one another on the sofa anymore. They’d hugged twice on John’s birthday, but not since. John took care of him, which was nice, but also meant that he treated him, well…, like a patient. More distant than before – although it was subtle enough for no one but Sherlock to notice, he guessed. It all went harmoniously enough and Sherlock wasn’t complaining.
For a second, Sherlock critically raised one half of his upper lip, crinkling one side of his nose. There the twat went again, John thought, doubting everything in this universe, galloping in all directions like a wild horse, looking for clues and causes that weren’t always there.
In case you are reading this in public, there is a 'safe' (illustrationless) version
“Listen, er, I brought your pills…” she said.
After making use of the big bronze knocker, they were shown in by a rather morose looking maid in her twenties, who brought them down a few corridors, as if against her will, and into a study, where a nerve-racked earl greeted them. “Anything new?” he asked, looking up at them with dark grey bags under his eyes that seemed to beg them to give him any kind of information at all.
“This alright?” he asked gently. Sherlock nodded. “We’ll talk later,” he smiled, while drawing him back in for another kiss.
LOG ENTRY: SOL 40
Irene: Still, gutsy.
SH: Out of interest, what way is he going?
Sherlock’s smile doesn’t reach his eyes. “I was, wasn’t I.”
Mycroft,
Sherlock snorts, but follows John to the kitchen, calms down, drinks tea. After he eats his apple tart, and half of John’s, he dozes off in his chair. John cleans up the study, finds the pen in the drawer where they’ve kept it since they moved in. He misses Greg. Misses Sherlock. And then he’s angry with himself, because Sherlock is still here; he’s right here.
Thank you for your letter and for the teabags and biscuits. I would say ‘you shouldn’t have’, but I wouldn’t mean it, so I’ll just ask you to send me more whenever you can. I’m sure you’re bored without me there.
01.25.2036 - 18:26
I need to fix the heating first, though.
The problem is that there is no Hab and no real supplies yet, so I won’t be able to survive there for long. The rovers are also not built for long drives, their navigation is tied to the Hab and their battery life is short, so it would be a one way trip if I ever make it there at all.
But watching Sherlock as he commandeered a young police officer to give them a lift home, with his lips red and swollen and his hair a messy halo of curls, he found himself not caring at all.
Turns out that I’m not that hot after all. After about an hour of driving I had to choose between keeping at it or keeping my balls. So I turned the heater on and went back to the Hab. You’re welcome, ladies and gentlemen.
: Indeed we do, Kitty! We’d like to welcome Michael Stamford, Director of Mars Missions, to our studio! [applause]
NASA was so kind to drop supplies before we got here via unmanned missions, so we had everything we needed for our month long mission. Unfortunately, we only made it til Sol 6. There was a nasty storm, and Nasa and commander Sholto decided to evacuate before the MAV toppled over (that is the Mars Ascent Vehicle - our only ticket back to the Hermes). I was hit by debris and knocked out during the evac operation and so I guess they had no choice but leave without me.
“I know, love. I know”.
them.
In other words: I have a lot of research to do, but it’s not like I have much else to do anyway. I’m pretty excited, to be honest! Driving sounds way more fun than farming in any case.
Sherlock opened his eyes and took a minute to figure himself out. The light filtering through the curtains told him it was around 9am. A decent night’s sleep, then, despite it being spent on the sofa instead of his bed. He carefully sat up, stretched and dragged a hand through his hair. He noticed the blanket covering him, and smiled at it. Thoughtful John. Despite the fact that sleep was largely a waste of time, he couldn’t deny he felt clearer and refreshed.
“Thank you, John,” he murmured.
“A successful pas de deux.”
Greg.
Date: Nov. 21
When John wakes up, Sherlock is still sleeping. It’s not that unusual anymore. Old age made him give in to his transport a bit more. John takes the time to look at Sherlock closely. His hair, still full and inky, spills over the pillow in a messy halo of curls. Only at his temples there are some silver streaks, but it give him a distinguished look. John likes it. He looks peaceful now, soft lips slightly open, skin stretched over the pronounced cheekbones, lashes frail and delicate. His impossible beauty. John wants to keep him like this forever, protect him, keep him safe from what’s coming, but he knows that’s not what Sherlock would want. So he just pushes his nose in the hollow between Sherlock’s neck and shoulder and breathes him in, lets his lips slide over warm skin and leaves him there, in the morning light, a dream.
LOG ENTRY: SOL 71
It’s a good thing NASA supplies us with a lot of extra material to fix things in case of emergency. They probably didn’t intend the extra Hab canvas and resin to make Mars Mobile saddlebags, but one of us needs to do some creative thinking! I put the battery on one side and filled the other side with rocks for balance, and voila: I have my extra battery!
Date: Dec. 24
Molly: Will do!
LOG ENTRY: SOL 45
: If we manage to make the MDV less heavy, they could land at the Ares III site before lifting off again and landing at the Ares IV site. It wouldn’t be without risk, but it’s the best option for now.
Irene: Mycroft, I need a raise.
He didn’t do this often, usually he prefered to go home and read or play the violin. But this week had been a hard one, and he wanted to let off some steam. The company was auditioning for some new ballets, completely new pieces with a modern choreography and Sherlock really wanted a part. The problem was of course that they all required pas de deux and none of the other dancers were keen on dancing with him, even though he was easily the best dancer in the whole company. The only reason that he hadn’t been promoted to principal yet was because he had such a bad reputation as a partner. He was fine being a soloist, if he had to be honest, because it annoyed him immensely if his dance partner couldn’t follow him on stage.
MAV: is gone, obviously. Taking with it the backup communication, unfortunately.
to store away in his mind palace, John had decided to take Sherlock out to dinner at Angelo’s. He wanted them to have a fresh start, and at this point Sherlock couldn’t deny John anything at all. When they’d untangled themselves and went to grab their coats, Sherlock caught a glimpse of his face in the mirror over the mantle. His hair was a wild tumble of curls, his lips were pink and slightly swollen, his cheeks rosy and on his forehead still the word ‘idiot’. He grinned at his reflection and followed John down the stairs.
There are many ways in which this plan can go wrong, and all of them end with a crater.
John is still leaning on the bed, and he can see Sherlock’s eyes, wide and pale, and the freckles on his nose. His desperation from a moment ago vanishes and makes way for hope and determination. He grabs Sherlock by his upper arm and ducks forward to press his lips against the soft skin next to the corner of his mouth before pulling back quickly.
: As a psychologist, I assume you have a good connection to the Ares crews?
Subject: Re:re:re:re:request for an emergency meeting
Subject: Re:re:re:request for an emergency meeting
Okay, I’ve spent last night checking the technical info we have on the Rovers on the Hab computer and doing some calculations. There are a lot of things I need to do to get the Rover ready for a long trip, but I’ll start with an important element: power. The rovers have batteries, but they need regular recharging. Because they were built for short drives, they are not equipped with solar cells - we just recharge them at the Hab. I’ll need solar cells for my trip, though, so I’ll have to borrow some from the Hab. I’ll need to recharge when I have sunlight and drive during twilight.
Alone in the kitchen, he takes a deep breath. God, he’s such an idiot. Sherlock will go home soon, and he’s still at square one. How do people do this? He puts the kettle on and prepares the mugs, adding a liberal amount of sugar in Sherlock’s. “Come on, Watson!” he mutters to himself, willing himself to be brave.
Molly: He’s on the move again. It’s different though. He’s a long way away from the Hab, but I don’t think it’s the roadtrip he was planning.
Mike: Could be, I hope so. Thank you, Molly.
From: mycroft.holmes@nasa.gov
John opened his eyes, and they immediately locked onto Sherlock’s bright gaze. Suddenly John felt like he was back at their first case, watching Sherlock study the pill and feeling the jolt of panic before shooting the cabbie. He was back at Barts, the moment he realised Sherlock was going to jump. The moment Sherlock collapsed in his chair, grunting John’s name after offering to help Mary. Their goodbye at the airstrip before Sherlock would leave for his final mission. The things he didn’t say, but always meant to. All the things they both had never said. It was absolutely worth the risk.
Many thanks to
Now Sherlock was draped in an inelegant heap on the couch, letting his body repair the damage of a couple days without sleep or food, and he was dead to the world. It wasn’t an unusual sight after they’d finished up a case. Tomorrow they were expected at The Yard to give statements and what not, but this evening had been theirs to celebrate.
LOG ENTRY: SOL 8
Mike: Well done, Irene! That was a well written statement.
Haven’t you got anything to interest Sherlock with? He’s been driving our team at Mission Control crazy, and they can’t afford to be distracted. He also kept trying to ask the Hermes crew weird questions and the last thing
portable space heater.
The solar cells were pretty easy to fix. I set it up with Knight and we’d spent weeks practicing setting the solar array up during training - it’s a critical part of the mission, if we screwed up, it would mean the end of our time on Mars. Taking away some of the cells seemed a bit wrong, but it wasn’t hard to do. They fit on the roof of the Rover easily, so I think I might be ready for some real test drives!
“Could you perhaps show us a bit of the house, and Arthur’s room?” John said.
Sherlock rested his hand on John’s leg.
Sherlock, who had stopped translating, turned to Sherrinford and signed, “Never mind her; she’s just talking nonsense. Count yourself lucky you can’t hear her rambling.”
Sherlock opened his laptop, struggling with the keys to type the right letters in the right order. Slowly. Carefully.
“Well, I think they’re nice.” She paused for a bit, feigning shyness. “Nice eyes.”
But he needed a top-up first. He couldn’t think when he was suffering withdrawal.
If you happen at any time to spot any mistakes, however small (be it typos or whatever other sort of errors), please do let me know in a comment! (What can I say, I’m a perfectionist. ;) )
In the course of September, as John’s headaches and dizziness slowly subsided, there gradually came more room for intimacy between him and Sherlock. They started to become more familiar with each other’s close presence, and their touches and caresses gradually grew more passionate and less innocent – with fewer layers of fabric between them. Timid groping had turned into proper hand jobs on several occasions.
“Stop clenching your jaw and open your mouth, if you want me to examine you,” Molly said, crossly.
me from the rain.”
With many thanks to myspecialhell, fatto-il-misfatto and johnlockismyreligion, who helped with the Italian translations of the Pearl’s name and with the newspaper headlines! And of course to deaflock for checking the BSL dialogue and grammar.
“I… I don’t remember.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t presume that, Mycroft. Since John is obviously not going, neither am I.”
Molly felt her face heat with anger.
It was then that John suddenly spotted a white plastic daisy-like flower behind her ear. “What’s that?”
He’d quickly pulled his thoughts away from that direction.
Sherlock stared long and hard at John, his eyes suddenly very shiny. He cleared his throat. “John, I’ve been meaning to tell you.”
By the end of the evening, they had booked three hotels and flights to Ørsta-Volda.
“Yes,” Sherlock exclaimed wearily, “which I’ve been trying to tell you: it makes me horny. Now stop objecting and fuck me.
John had topped about two dozen times now, and had subconsciously been waiting for Sherlock to initiate a switched position, as he was stupidly nervous about it himself. Still, as much as he loved it when Sherlock was submissive and open as he was when John made love to him, John was also more than curious to see what his lover would be like if they switched. Also, seeing Sherlock so blatantly display his feminine side the other day had kindled a longing inside himself to do the same. Not so much in the sense of dressing up, as much fun as that had been, but more in regard to occasionally assuming a more passive role and handing over control in bed. (Not that those were inherently feminine things to do, necessarily, but that angle did evoke a certain notion in him.)
Sherlock looked up at the sound of purring. It came from one of the cats sitting contently in Sherrinford’s lap. He was gently stroking it.
She put one of her fingernails between her teeth, but took it out as soon as she realised she was doing it.
“My parents loved silly names, like Eurus, or Mycroft, or Sherlock.”
“Are you sure? I mean, do you really want me inside you?” John frowned.
John was just getting them both a coffee, as it turned out. His future husband, taking care of so many of his needs. Sherlock stared, love-struck, as John came walking back towards him carrying two paper cups.
Ever since Mary had handed John that pen drive with the unfamiliar initials A.G.R.A. scribbled onto it, that supposedly contained all the information about her past, he and Sherlock had been frantically trying to find out what she had done, who she had been. Pretty quickly, it had become clear that the memory stick belonged to some random student she had no connection with whatsoever. She’d likely just found it on the street that day and picked it up in hopes of there being some sort of material on it that she could make a profit from, one way or another. In a moment of inspiration, she’d apparently just decided to use it as a test to see if John trusted her.
However, in that indoor pool in Reading, where Sherlock had ambushed the intruder, switching on the lights as soon as the man had grabbed the Thatcher bust from the artsy glass side table, Sherlock’s final piece of doubt as to who he was dealing with here had instantly vanished. All it took was a glance at the man’s rare, limited edition watch, that Sherlock knew so well from the index of stolen items in the Colchester file (besides it clearly being the manly version of Mary’s watch).
Eurus was on her way home from Sainsbury’s when Steve called.
Sherlock gave a curt nod by way of greeting.
. There’s actually some people out there who care about me, and who would be genuinely upset, believe it or not. Do I seriously have to
John’s eyes smiled and it was the prettiest thing Sherlock had ever seen.
for dessert.”
Sherlock scrutinised her every movement, as she did some more routine checks and scribbled something into John’s file.
“I will, if you kiss me properly.”
. We had three different teachers come to the house to teach all of us. They were all rubbish. And Sherrinford just wasn’t
Sherlock was sure he heard her grin like a Cheshire cat through the solid wood. She quite obviously knew exactly what they had been up to. And ever since they’d gotten together, it appeared to have made their landlady almost as happy on their behalf as it made them.
* * * * *
Sherlock needed surprisingly few strokes before his semen spurted against John’s chest. John had seen him come quite a number of times by now, but nothing like this before. The intensity with which he knitted his brows together, wrinkling his forehead and grunting out John’s name, sent a beautiful chill down John’s spine. (Making John awkwardly slip out of him in the process.)
“Watson!” Holmes was at my side yet again, worry in his eyes. “Watson, what—”
“Anything, anything you wish.”
“Watson, I swear to fucking God—”
“Eight o’clock, the Hamilton estate on Palace Street. We would be elated to host your company, Dr. Watson—and if your esteemed friend is free, it would be an honour to meet him as well.”
“She has even incited him to hold these blasted salons in their home, during which Thomas reads from books she has placed in his grasp, lecturing his fellow man on dangerous, foolish ideals she has undoubtedly drilled into him. She is
“This evening appears to be full of intriguing points, Watson. Our hosts are rather as our client described, and yet the atmosphere tonight lacks the animosity and wickedness I was led to expect. The Earl referred to the young Lord as stubborn and foolhardy, as you may remember, and while I can see how that assessment may be true of him—much in a way that can be true of myself—I fail to see him use it in any malicious way. I admit, while I find his views on Poplarism rather lacking, he is clearly an intelligent man and does not strike me as one to be deceived easily.” He spoke in a hush to me, to keep our discussion covert in nature. I stole a look toward McGraw, whose stare met my own as I nodded in affirmation of Holmes’ words. I was left with the uncomfortable feeling that, although Holmes and I were a good distance away from him and our voices were hushed, he could hear every word we were saying.
“Mr. Silver is quite correct, Watson,” Holmes’ voice sounded behind me. “For you are also hurt and in need of tending to. Yourself and the Lieutenant are quite done for the night.”
Inside the cargo hold were four cages, with a man in each. From what I could see—and smell—they had been there a good while, sitting in their own filth. Even with the smell of ash and fire from outside, nothing could drown this out.
I was at a loss for what to say then. The man before me was once again the one I recognised from our years working together and cohabitating. I no longer felt the fog of confusion and minced words between us, and if I had less composure, I am uncertain what I would have done in that moment. I looked at this man, who was finally a reflection of the moral eccentric that I grew so attached to in our younger years. I looked at him and felt no doubt, no fear. Instead, all that occupied my heart then was relief.
“I hope to make your acquaintance again soon, wonderful people. But, I must return to my post for the moment. Fare thee well, Captain.” He winked at James, and placed our empty plates at a nearby table to be fetched by a busboy. He left with the same sharp grin planted upon his face as it had been all morning.
James did not say another word, but he was clearly ready to make good on his promise as he reached for his already bloodied dagger.
“Remarkable, is it not, John?” Sherlock asked with a hushed voice against my ear. The closeness of it made my heart soar.
James did not look at me. “Kill a man? No. I knew I loved him when I knew I would kill a nation of men for him. I was ready to wage a war against the entire British empire, all in his name. It must seem odd to you, for you know that Thomas himself shunned violence often. Against his father, however, he held nothing but contempt. I am certain of this.” James’ eyes met mine then, glimmering in the low light of the room. “They say violence begets violence, Doctor Watson, and yet the world has taken so much from men like us. It felt only right that I should answer it by doing great violence against the world myself. We are
“James,” I said in a hush, looking at the broken, haunted man near me. He shook his head, incapable of any speech.
“My family will owe you handsomely for your aide. Good day, gentlemen.”
“I can only hope they did, after all. However, Madi and Max appear to be skilled tacticians, and I know that you definitely are one. Given all three minds combined, along with Holmes’ intellect, Silver and Rackham’s wit, and Vane and Anne’s brawn, I doubt that we would fail unless something unprecedented and unstoppable comes against them.”
“To what do I owe the pleasure of your visit today, Lord Ashbourne?” Holmes chimed in from his spot, lounging across his armchair, feet crossed over the other. He did not stand to greet him, unlike myself, as I clutched a firm, clammy hand with my own in welcome. Holmes’ leisurely appearance seemed to misplace the Lord’s words for a moment as he attempted an answer.
“Unfortunate as it may be, yes. One Lieutenant James McGraw. He works as my son’s advisor and liaison in his recent political escapade, and has been nothing but inflammatory in his beliefs and behaviour since the moment I made his acquaintance. I am certain he is the one aiding in the destruction of my family, Mr. Holmes, all I am in need of now is more evidence.”
“It would fit the mold I have uncovered here, yes. Whilst her father has been known to speak of his daughter with some contempt in the past, they appear to have found a recent middle ground of convenience. A middle ground that just so happened to involve her taking over this tavern, according to his most recent letter to Lord Ashe.”
“Oh, Holmes. Come in, come in.”
“I am unable to be dishonest with you, as you know, Mary. The case with which Holmes and I have begun to pursue requires delicacy I am comfortable with providing. In detection work, matters of social sensitivity or of familial despair are common. This one, however, appears to impact my personal investments as well as our client’s, and I cannot seem to remove myself—as I have in the past—from it.”
And then, my friend, I knew that the gentleman’s mind was quite sharp enough—if he could remember his reading, then there was no way that his mental disposition was anything but sound. I confirmed his suspicions and then Hamilton said the following, which I will attempt to present to you as truthfully as I can:
Shaking like a leaf, Miranda let go of Thomas and cupped his face, still sobbing, in disbelief of what she was seeing. Then, she stepped to the side and I saw the moment when Thomas and James locked eyes across the small distance separating them.
What became all the more apparent in my squinting glimpses toward the man, was just how similar I felt him to be to my present self. There is a small breadth of what I can discern from looking at someone’s wordless form across the way, yet the truth of the matter was that I knew many of that man’s innermost emotions. As great as my wish was to eradicate the message from my memory, it could not be achieved. Rather, I knew of McGraw’s romantic yearnings sent across the Atlantic, and the more I examined him, the greater my understanding of how he could be capable of such sentiments grew. For there was a deep intensity to him, something in the twitch of his brow and the curl of his mouth that spoke of deep currents of emotion hidden beneath the surface.
“Have a seat here.” I pulled one of the dining chairs from the large wooden table and flipped it toward him. As he collapsed into the chair, I could swear I witnessed each of James’ bones expel just a breath of the weariness lining them. I pulled up a seat for myself, and began unpacking my supplies.
“Doctor,” Rackham interrupted, his voice wary. “I think it best to— to withhold any explanation until you become aware of the situation yourself.”
“Dinner does sound lovely, Mary– perhaps not tonight as Thomas and I are hosting a get together with some friends and colleagues of his. The both of you are, of course, more than welcome to attend, if you are able.” A glance between Lady Hamilton and my wife flickered before me, then vanished, swift as it arrived. I had seen such a look from my wife toward other friends of hers in the past; knowing, warm, intimate. In most circumstances, such an expression would bring peace to my mind. However, I knew information about the life of Lady Hamilton that I doubted my wife to be privy to. Enough knowledge that my typical contented state around my wife’s friendly affection was replaced with a wariness I did not enjoy.
Sherlock had bought some psychology books touching on such matters, but he’d soon concluded they were all rubbish. Or rather, there was nothing useful in there that he didn’t already instinctively know.
“Mycroft? He’s fine. I mean, obviously ‘normal’ and ‘fine’ are both relative terms when it comes to Sherlock and Mycroft.”
Sherlock’s New Year’s resolution was to be less of an arse.
He couldn’t quite remember. Maybe skip that one, then.
-- How long do you think you need to stay angry at me? S
In a way, it was slightly unnerving to experience the monumental shift that had taken place between them. Rather than ignoring John or even forgetting he was there, as Sherlock usually did, he now seemed to keep a constant eye on him, checking that he was still there, still okay with this, still interested in him. John noticed this by the self-conscious way Sherlock kept flashing brief glances over to him, invariably ending with the beginnings of an almost invisible smile.
And then something in Sherlock’s mind clicked.
me already,” Sherlock panted.
John’s hands had a firm grip on Sherlock’s buttocks, pulling Sherlock towards him whenever he hesitated for more than a second, encouraging him to keep going.
Sherlock thought for a moment before speaking. “Faking your death.”
He let out a long breath. He started to see all the logical connections now.
Lady Smallwood was very impressed with the way the recording had been manipulated. ‘Remarkable. How did you do it?’”
“Oh? How so?” John asked, surprised.
There was a strange calmness over him, after all those frenzied months of continuous tension and jeopardy.
“What? Who told you that?” she asked, her voice high-pitched, letting the biscuit hover in front of her mouth.
“Think about,” Sherrinford ordered. “Still young.”
The next instant, he turned away with a pained expression and he went back to sit on his stool near the window, staring intensely at the half-finished landscape painting on the easel standing beside it. He took one of the tubes of paint that lay in a neat row on the window sill and fidgeted it repetitively between his fingers.
“But she was adamant about this,” Greg continued, between sips of tea. “She wanted to thank you. She said, quote, ‘her life was now perfect and she was even back in touch with her uncle’. Whatever that means; I’m sure you’ll know.”
“Do you know why I’m going to take your case?” Sherlock asked Faith, as dawn was already breaking.
The youngest family member gave them a similar shock, when she signed she wanted her water bottle.
Strange, Sherlock thought, occasionally glancing over at his brother, how one tended to attach certain meanings to the vaguest of eye movements, comportments and demeanours.
There was a short silence during which Sherlock looked at him with the most sincere and open expression John had ever seen on his face.
They both smiled awkwardly.
This was too much.
Sherlock had never seen John like this before,
“I’m telling you, it’s not the bleeding ring; it just needs that oil that came with it, the one that you bunch of morons managed to knock over and spill.”
“I’m beginning to think you’re not.”
* * * * *
Culverton was in the strange habit of periodically confessing his random murdering to friends and relatives while they were hooked up to some memory altering drug, so that afterwards, they never remembered a thing he’d told them. One time, right after such a session, his daughter Faith had started to take notes. Before she’d written down anything relevant, however, Smith had gently taken the note from her. He had given this note to Jim, challenging him to send it to Sherlock and see if he could solve it.
“Can you imagine?!” John wheezed, “This bloke going, ‘Oh, you know what? I’ll have a go at these two; they might have a fiver or a sandwich left in their bag’, and then me jumping on top of him and a sodding
John put a hand on Sherlock’s chest, slowly tracing invisible patterns with his fingers. It felt oddly calming.
“As I thought. Hence, we need to try out how to plaster these things to sodding walls so that we won’t draw too much attention to ourselves being all awkward near her building. John, are you alright?” Sherlock quickly grabbed John’s arm, just in time. He clearly wasn’t steady on his feet and had been about to sink to the floor, despite their taking it very slowly.
Sherlock stayed silent, a slight smile forming on his face while he waited.
Once everything was sorted, and she’d managed to soak her garments in the wash basin upstairs without waking Rosie, she went straight back to the bathroom to stash a stock of pads there.
He ignored her.
“Oh my God!” She gasped and smiled at her father, mouth still open. “Sherlock Holmes!” She looked at Sherlock, radiant. “I
They’d had quite a number of interrupted moments of intimacy since Hannah had left, not to mention several sleepless nights, now that Rosie was having to get used to sleeping alone.
Not that they had become more similar in any way; they were still poles apart in many regards. But they seemed to have reached a stage where they were both able to display an array of very different traits: vulnerability, self-assurance, pliancy, confidence. As if each of them finally had access to their own full palette of colours, like a rainbow sprung free. No longer were they hiding behind a mask of just one or two characteristics that they had subconsciously labelled their personal benchmark.
Of course it wasn’t him.
These wounds had been inflicted deliberately.
Several people looked up.
He sat staring blindly at the computer screen like a fisherman at his bobber. This was the only kind of doing nothing he could stand, and he allowed himself to let his thoughts stray as his eyes stayed fixed on both inboxes.
“Yeah, works wonders against stress, you know,” Greg said, with only the slightest hint of defiance. “Anyway, she’s been pestering me for days, ever since she found out I knew you, asking me to get this message to you. Apparently, Mrs Hudson wouldn’t let her in and you weren’t answering your phone.” One corner of his mouth quirked up as he added, conspiratorially, “I now see why.”
At how it had felt like the most intimate he’d ever been with anyone.
As he lay there, with his lover’s weight pressing down on him like a super-cosy blanket, mere moments after he’d been inside of John, he pondered how this invasion of Sherlock in his body was fittingly congruent with the way Sherlock had invaded the rest of his life and every other pore of his being. After that first time when John’s arse had painfully clenched, it hadn’t happened again. His body never protested, just as John himself in daily life never resisted Sherlock’s initiatives except after maybe one initial token objection, after which he would always give in and go along with him; and his body had actually responded in the same way to Sherlock’s penetration.
He was no longer sure which touches were welcome and which might not be. Which ones he did for Sherlock and which ones for himself. All the times he’d touched his lover in these past weeks, he’d done so under the naïve assumption that they delivered the same message he’d wanted them to convey.
No pointless mouth moving at him. Or at each other.
John managed a smile. “Yeah, okay. I was just wondering, you know, whether we wanted to tell people already or not. Whether it would be okay for the public to know, things like that. Stuff we should probably discuss.”
He had always been terrified of his sexuality. (Well, and of sex in general, he supposed. Although he’d made a craft out of hiding that little fact. Fear of the unknown was such a backward concept, after all.) He’d tried to push his desires away, each time they furtively crept in from the background, and, when that didn’t work, to just ignore them.
‘That’s not what happened at all,’ I pointed out.
That’s what his life had become. Just when he’d thought it couldn’t get any crazier.
“Sherlock? Are you alright? Sherlock, are you okay?” John asked.
He fished his phone out of his pocket and thought about texting Sherlock. He opened their text history and scrolled back up to read the last couple of texts.
“He actually has a
One day – when, for some reason, he had some ridiculous flower behind his ear – John finally glanced towards her, on the bus.
(Just to refresh people’s memory, since I’ve written the first parts literally *years* ago:
Even after all this time, John was still not used to seeing Sherlock in disguise, but today he didn’t bother to try to hide his smile.
A persistent smile kept tugging at the corners of his mouth, even in this drowsy state.
Trapped in a public space.
John concluded that no one could ever be happier than this. No one.
. I’m giving you tea whether you want it or not,” John said sternly.
While he had the most wonderful memories of their first night together, he did frequently think back in bewilderment about Sherlock’s initial suggestion to actually shag, and John was still rather puzzled as to why Sherlock had insisted when he was so obviously uncomfortable about it. But in the end they’d had amazing sex anyway without penetration, and ever since, John felt as if he was floating a foot above the ground.
Then nothing.
“Yes?” he asked, gruffly, over his weapon.
* * * * *
Sherlock curled his lips inward as he tried to assess whether this might be a case he’d be willing to take or not. At least the girl didn’t seem senseless or paranoid. He squinted at her for a moment before telling her to proceed.
. He hungrily watched John’s muscled body, his face, his eyes that were full of heat.
them.
“It is. I thought it might be… useful, to exchange our perspectives and perhaps take away some misunderstandings.”
He wanted to turn away from Sherlock, felt it was what he should do, for his own wellbeing. Just like he had with Dad and Harry. But he couldn’t. He just couldn’t.
“I promise,” Sherlock replied instantly. “And I will again in front of everyone. Because I love you more than I hate obligatory rituals. And crowds. And legal documents,” he smiled, and John sniggered.
He strangely enjoyed the lying, though. As if it somehow gave him a purpose, a
. Literally the only thing that might give him away was his voice. And they weren’t technically even trying to pass as women. They were only trying to pass as cross-dressers. But well, whenever Sherlock did anything, he threw himself into it at least a hundred percent.
“Well, we do need the income, don’t we.”
He closed his eyes, focusing on calm breaths, and slowly, eventually, exhaustion pulled him back into the realm of dreams.
A faint smile seemed to cross Sherrinford’s face.
So he had pushed all those thoughts aside.
All of a sudden, a million ants were crawling through his stomach. He couldn’t stand it anymore. Even though he kept being overcome by a physically sickening anxiety at the thought of actual intercourse, at the same time he wanted it so badly that it was driving him mad. It was not just that he wanted it to be gotten over with so that he could stop obsessing over it. It was just so good to feel John pressed this close to him, to sense John – his steadfast, down-to-earth John – being aroused by
“Mister Holmes, I’m afraid it’s not a terribly exciting matter that I’ve come to see you about,” she said apologetically. “All I need is for someone to trace the identity of this bloke that keeps following me around, so I can report him to the police. They’re not willing to help me as it is, because they think my story is too vague and doesn’t seem
Still, he trusted Sherlock, as always.
John blinked his eyes wide open and stared into nothingness for a couple of seconds. Then he awkwardly turned over, propping himself up on one elbow to face Sherlock in the half-dark. “Would you like us to be
“So how have you been? Tell me everything!”
“God, Sherlock, this is the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever...”
Firstly, there is the short film The Adventure of the Furtive Festivity, where Sherlock and John are in an established relationship and celebrate Sherlock’s birthday, which you can view
“Well, yes. I didn’t want to leave your side, and…” His voice trailed off, not finishing the sentence.
Hannah poked her head around the door and winked at Sherlock. “Hello, gorgeous! Well done, you.”
For years, waking up next to Sherlock had just been a far-fetched fantasy, and now the opposite – the idea of waking up without Sherlock by his side – seemed utterly unthinkable.
Sherlock smiled an uncertain smile, making a double chin as he tried to look down at John, which was however virtually impossible from this angle.
John leaned over to press a kiss to Sherlock’s lips, pushing him back onto his pillow.
John frowned at the incoming text on his phone.
“What things, exactly? No, wait, I know. You don’t just want the building surrounded in case she shows up,” John said, pensively. “You are the only one who is able to recognise her, which will nevertheless be tricky, with her chameleon abilities.
“Sherlock, I can’t do this,” he spoke softly through gritted teeth, his mouth close to Sherlock’s jawline, his breath hot on the detective’s skin.
ask how many cases he’d solved in the past six months, and how many he hadn’t, but not what sort of cases they had been or whether he enjoyed his work. How he was. It would never occur to her to ask such questions. The ones that mattered.
The doctors said he’d made an excellent recovery so far, with only his headaches and dizziness remaining from the blow. That, and his occasional disorientation, and fatigue. But all those things would pass with time, as long as he got enough rest, they’d assured.
had a lot on his mind at that moment.)
“Yes. I was wondering whether you remember or documented any other bruises than the ones around his neck. On the crime scene photos there seemed to be one that was not in your report.”
--It’s been too long.
Sherlock felt annoyance and anger, but frustratingly, seemed unable to speak, and was therefore incapable of putting her in her place.
, in this funny foreign accent which he couldn’t quite place. He generally just couldn’t put a finger on who she really was, with her ash blonde shoulder-length hair, frameless glasses and her notebook on her lap.
doctor, you know. Not just feet, or media studies or something.”
Sherlock led the way, repeatedly looking over his shoulder as if to check this was real. (Why did being in love mean you had to behave like a five-year-old again, he wondered?)
Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from casually remarking, “You know I only said ‘yes’ so that I would never have to use or hear the hideous terms ‘boyfriend’ or ‘partner’ ever again, right?”
Moreover, it was a revelation. To just trust, just
, you. Lovely to see you up and about at this hour. Is John away?”
When he came back with full mugs from the kitchen a little later, however, John was surprised to see a small grin on Sherlock’s face.
-- No problem. Expect a delivery tomorrow. She’s in Bronzefield Prison. You need to make an online request for visits, entering her prisoner number: 078615. S
Well, no need to dwell on the needs Sherlock could or could not provide for him, right now. As close as they were, the man was a lunatic, of course.
“Oh, no. We still need to buy food!” John groaned, lifting himself from the mattress with one elbow.
Just then, Sherlock’s phone lit up and a very familiar female orgasmic voice sighed from the speaker. John’s stare intensified, as he furrowed his brow. Sherlock, raising his mug to his lips, glanced across at the phone.
“It flatters me, you know. As long as you don’t mind not doing anything about it right now.”
* * * * *
“John, is this... will it always be like this?”
They bolted into a broom cupboard just in time, and then dazedly stood in the half-dark, breathing heavily.
Sherlock frowned. Then he realised. Of course, Eurus had told John what her name meant, just before shooting him. Sherlock had heard it through the listening device.
Sherlock started switching off the lights and headed for the bedroom. John put the plates in the sink and followed.
, with him there.
“Ka!”
Sherlock nodded, having a vague and not entirely unpleasant recollection of the woman.
“Somebody else,” John said angrily. He turned away from Mrs Hudson. “Not me. Not now.”
There was a short silence.
Yes, you’re welcome! Your wife, whom you have married, and is therefore your wife, is very important, of course. And your daughter, too!”
“Yes. Well,” Sherlock beamed, as he tried to act casual. “You can close your mouth now.”
There was suddenly an awkward silence, in which no sensible course of action would occur to John. Sherlock rolled onto his back and lay staring blankly at the ceiling. John let himself fall onto his back too, trying not to feel ashamed about something he’d done without being fully conscious in the first place and which was not such a shockingly strange thing to do with someone you were already having sex with anyway. Still, he felt stupid and more than a bit embarrassed.
Eurus had in all probability shot John
Ophelia hesitated, needing prompting to remember her next line.
, my stunningly clever detective,” John replied flirtatiously, and he pressed a soft kiss to his lips.
you. I
“Yes?”
Sherlock let his hands slide down towards John’s surprisingly bright red pants, then deftly hooked his thumbs in the waistband and tentatively pulled them down.
John momentarily froze, then continued to fill the kettle and put it back on its base. He flipped the switch and went over to sit next to Sherlock.
want to... get inside you, believe me. God, I can’t image a single thing that’s hotter,” he said, his voice slightly shaky. Then he exhaled slowly, steadying his breath. “But at the same time, if you didn’t want to do it, that would be
* * * * *
seemed to be gone. There was only unconditional trust, like a huge, bright cloud inside of him.
“Babies love hearing melodies and they love hearing your voice,” she had explained. “Especially when they can’t sleep, nothing is more soothing than the combination of the two.”
I hope this letter finds you well. I know it has been a while since we have been in touch—my relocation to Reading has significantly hampered my attempts at socialisation in London!
“You tell tales of your own, don’t you Dr. Watson?” he asked me, reaching over to a table nearby and grabbing a mug of ale that had somehow materialised there. I would have questioned such consumption at the early hour, but it felt rather unnecessary given his otherwise eccentric behaviour.
The name upon her lips—
“Holmes, what was it that you discovered this afternoon?” I enquired, uncertain of the information my friend held in his grasp, and impatient for the unveiling of it.
For a moment, we all stood at an impasse. This new, battle-hardened woman, fixed myself and Holmes with her withering glare, half-hidden beneath her wide-brimmed hat.
(See the end of the chapter for
James huffed a small, pained laugh.
I heard a pistol cock from Holmes’ direction. “The coordinates, Mr. Flint,” Eleanor said.
I returned to Baker Street the following morning to discuss my observations with Holmes. I was hopeful that my input would allow this case to conclude in a swift, willful manner on my friend’s accord, with no indication of my more personal motives.
“I have a cache,” James began, as though catching on to Holmes’ plan without a word. “Off the coast of Florida, near the Bahama Islands. It is mostly gold, however there are some gems and pearls in it too. I bought them with the money I stole while disrupting the cotton trade to Alfred Hamilton’s industrial endeavours. I left it there before I left Florida as a means of security. As you know, I did not have much in financial means upon my relocation to Savannah and I did not wish to find myself in the same situation ever again. I suppose there is no better time than now to utilise it. I will give you the precise coordinates of the cache, so long as you free those men, and give me some information.”
Her somewhat performative bravado warmed my heart as it never failed to do, and I permitted a smile to emerge from me in reply.
Vane found himself, then, under
Just beside the door of The Hangman’s Rest, stepping out from the shadow in his typical winter suit, coat, and hat, was none other than Sherlock Holmes.
“In these last weeks since Glasgow, you have introduced me to an incredible collective of characters. These people are not any I would have met of my own volition, and many of them terrify me to my very core, even still. Silver is counted among that list, to be frank with you. And yet, despite their dangerous habits and skills with weaponry or explosives, I have noticed a common thread among them all, and I believe this thread extends to you just the same. Through even the harshest of circumstances, prejudices, or even terrors, all of you maintain an unstoppable, unwavering affection for one another. Whether it be Silver and Madi, Max and Anne, Madi and Max, Vane and Rackham, or perhaps most evidently with yourself and Silver, there is a love shared among you all that I cannot deny. It is not so simple as the love between a husband and wife, nor even love such as yours and Thomas’ for one another. I believe that, perhaps, such affection is not something you need limit yourself from reaping the benefits of, certainly not now. Not after all that you have endured in its absence. I think, James, that Thomas would agree with me on that.”
However, I assure you it is of great social importance,” I stated, hoping my typical implicit way of speech with her continued to be effective.
“I apologise, I did not—”
“Quite so. Have you known him long?”
“I should think you know full well what happened since you started it! Now speak before I slit you from cock to gullet.”
I observed Thomas, and the way he was reclining in his chair. He had rolled up the sleeves of his shirt, exposing his delicate pale wrists and forearms in a way that bordered on indecent. Whether it was the charge of the evening conversation or the port, I could see a peachy flush upon his cheeks, rather obvious due to his pale complexion. He was, undoubtedly, a very handsome man.
“Do you know, Doctor Watson,” he said, his voice heavy with tears he did not seem capable of shedding. “I think Thomas would rather like it here.”
“Ah, John, dearest,” she greeted, standing to kiss my cheek. I returned the gesture in kind. “Lovely for you to come, I know it was rather late notice. I hope I did not interrupt your work with Holmes at all?”
“Well, James, your friend certainly is quite the character,” Mary spoke first. She was jovial in her tone, though, as she always did enjoy eccentric conversation with bizarre individuals.
“Er, yes. Yes, quite so,” Sherlock mumbled softly, putting the tube in the drying rack.
She even thanked him for all the work of organising Vivian’s funeral and apologised for the fact that she hadn’t been there to help.
. A smile tugged at his mouth. Although John had been right in thinking Sherlock didn’t have a lot of experience, thankfully he’d been wrong about him not wanting intimacy. (Which was actually a bigger relief than he cared to admit.)
“It’s only a matter of time before you get better,” Sherlock said, softly carding his fingers through John’s hair. “Patience, John. Listen, Rosie will be here in an hour. Just thought I’d let you know. In case you want to get dressed or eat first.”
how long it’s been.” He really is more drunk than he has been in at least as long as he hasn’t gotten laid. “Or a simple blowjob; that would do very nicely as well!” he adds, as an afterthought.
As John’s mouth found Sherlock’s neck and scraped his teeth over bare skin, his hands, which had been holding Sherlock’s sides, started to slide down towards his hips.
Greg’s blushing notably increased. “Yeah, well. Yeah,” he said, grinning like a teenager.
“Sod this,” he cursed, as he switched apps and used his browser history to tune in to the live audio connection again.
Had Sherlock
Sherlock nodded a smile in reply.
Her smile broadened, and she let herself fall back onto the bed so that a warm ray of sunshine fell onto her face.
John needed to come as well. But he would see to that later.
Where was the damn list?
With the very few brain cells that were still functioning, he realised that there was another erogenous zone that he could reach. He slung an arm around John’s bottom and pulled him close, ducking his head between John’s legs. This elicited a surprised grunt, followed by a strained gasp the minute Sherlock lightly bit John’s arse cheeks – after which he continued licking and kissing them, revelling in the feel of soft flesh that gave way so easily under the pressure of his mouth and of the little hairs that tickled his tongue.
John realised he should probably soon go back to work, now that he’d almost fully recovered from the damage inflicted by the rubber bullet and the subsequent time he spent being in a coma, and the threat of Eurus had been eliminated.
She raised her eyebrows, cocking her head. “Well, he has a rather long blond beard, and large-framed spectacles.” She paused to think for a moment. “Other than that, I can’t tell you much, I’m afraid. He’s of average height, average build and about my age, I would guess. I never managed to see his face clearly.”
He tried again. “Hospital,” he whispered.
Sherlock just blinked, not quite managing a smile, apparently overcome with emotions.
John had never felt so
“Text. From Mycroft. Who apparently has nothing better to do than scan London’s CCTV footage.” Sherlock showed him the screen.
“Er, yeah, well, no, depends,” John replied. Crap. Why hadn’t they come up with some sort of backstory beforehand? “I’m actually from out of town, just staying with my friend here in London at the moment.” That would have to do. “And you?” he asked quickly, in an attempt to deflect further questions.
, as far as I know.” She made a face. “But anyway, anything is possible these days, isn’t it, so one never knows, eh? Nothing like our time, is it?” She shook her head at her husband. “At least, I always assumed that if my sons got married, I would get daughters-in-law, not sons-in-law! Ha-ha, silly me. But there you go, everything always turns out different from what you expected, doesn’t it? To be honest, I’d already stopped hoping that any of you would ever find anyone, what with you two always scaring everyone away with your antics,” she said, pointedly looking at Sherlock and Mycroft, “and Sherrinford of course being the way he is… So this is better than nothing, I guess.” She smiled a radiant smile at them.
As soon as the ragged breaths near his ear told him that John was close, Sherlock wrapped his hand around his own cock, knowing precisely how to time his orgasm so that it would drive John over the edge and they would climax simultaneously. A technique he had fine-tuned over the three weeks they had been having intercourse now. He firmly stroked himself, until it flooded over him, drowning him like a sudden incoming tide, pulling him under, leaving him gasping for air, stranded like a flabby sea creature on a hot beach. It was a matter of seconds before John followed, uncoordinatedly slamming into his limp body – his loud grunts sending wonderful shivers over Sherlock’s moist and now extremely sensitive skin.
“Sometimes yes. In this case, no.”
“It’s the
Apparently, that was indeed exactly what John wanted, seeing as he was now pulling Sherlock towards him with more determination, making Sherlock fall forward onto his hands so that he ended up leaning over John, their faces very close. In the same go, John deftly aligned Sherlock’s cock with where John wanted it to go… and then carefully, slowly, purposely pulled him
He heard himself tell her that Rosie was ‘with friends’, that he struggled to cope.
She carefully crept through the little corridor to Sherlock and John’s bedroom and listened at the door. All seemed quiet.
“Mr Holmes!”
Sherlock hesitantly put his arms around him. “John, please tell me this is real. Will you… be mine?”
Sherlock vaguely remembered two young girls huddled together in his client chair, around the time of the case of the ‘flight of the dead’ (which he could safely call his biggest cock-up of all time, as far as cases went), over four years ago. The two cousins had very clearly been British, but now apparently one of them was no longer living here.
They looked at each other and smiled.
On Guy Fawkes Day, Sherrinford visited them in London for the first time.
Could it be that he had been blinded by his own expectations, or rather, in this case, the complete and utter lack thereof?
At that, John seemed to relax a little.
His gravelly, only-just-awake voice had sounded even more seductive than he had intended it to, and he didn’t know if it was that or just John’s general state of infatuation, but either way, the toast and eggs were cold before the men returned their attention to breakfast.
Sherlock briefly gritted his teeth.
Then there's OpNorbury, who run a
Molly looked up to see John appear from the kitchen.
Just then, the maid came back in with a tray with teacups, that she put on the earl’s desk. They waited while she poured them each a cup. “Anything else, Your Lordship?” Even in the two seconds she stood there waiting for his reply, she looked like she’d rather be anywhere else on the planet but in this room. She didn’t so much as look at the earl’s guests, letting her curly hair partially shield her eyes. “No, that’ll be it, Amy.”
He continued: “Ever since, whenever it was exactly – after I met you – I’ve gradually come to realise that I’m not… actually… entirely...”
“It was perfect,” John smiled. “You were perfect. I love you.”
“It’s more common than you’d think.” He attempted a smile.
In the 2.3 seconds he was pondering this question, John suddenly let out a surprised gasp. Sherlock hadn’t touched him, and it took him several milliseconds to realise it had been his breath. To double-check, he softly blew some air over John’s hole.
’ category. Then there is also of course the ‘what if he never wants anything to do with me ever again’ category, which invariably brings him back to the first one.
“Hmm, so you’re just assuming Eurus knows this and will show up there, so we can have her arrested on the spot?” John asked.
the woman he’d once loved. That had not quite been the idea.
... that it practically hurt to watch.
They did kiss good-bye: just a tender nibbling at each other’s lips, brushing and pressing them together as in slow motion. The minute John’s trousers threatened to become too tight, however, he pulled away. If he ever wanted to get home, he needed to leave right now.
Impeccable timing and audacity, like a proper Moriarty.
At the far end of the spacious room, a slender man sat in front of the large window, on a wooden stool covered in paint stains. He stiffly turned his head to them, his eyes widening at the sight of the strangers.
He gave up trying about thirty seconds later, when he decided to slip to the bathroom to solve the problem of his throbbing erection by himself.
The kitchen table was still full with lab equipment from last week’s experiment, which was probably why John had chosen to sit at the desk in front of the window. The bright morning sun backlit his silhouette while he was sipping coffee.
, look like the most amazing, gorgeous creature on this planet, begging to be
share a bed with her, so I did, but that’s all. I slept with her literally, but not metaphorically, John. When I said I hadn’t done this with anyone before, I meant
“Is Rosie in bed already?” John asked.
“Just one more minute,” John whispered, without moving.
The next morning, when Sherlock was in the middle of an experiment involving twenty-five dead mice and eighteen pounds of calcium oxide, the postman finally delivered the essential item for his other research. Or rather, practice.
They were communicating. For the first time, he was having a dialogue with his brother, without words, but with clear meaning. Although, to be fair, his part of the conversation had been limited to nodding and shaking his head. His brother, on the other hand, seemed to be able to say everything he wanted by just drawing it.
But accepting how they had made you turn out was the key to forgiveness for both past and future hurt, he could now see. That way, all the unpleasant white noise faded into the background, making real contact possible again.
One spring afternoon, two weeks into their relationship, when John had had an early shift, they were doing just that when they heard a brusque knock on the door. Since Sherlock had instructed Mrs Hudson not to let in any clients, with this narrowed-down choice it was quite easy even for John to deduce it must be Lestrade.
“Eurus might climb in through the window, you know,” John went on, drowsily, but with a decided hint of cheek. “Come. You can do your kitchen experiments later, or whatever you had planned.” John’s voice trailed off as he let his head fall to one side.
But that didn’t mean that everything always had to
Charlotte’s reaction confirmed that he was right. A hint of bitterness crept into her face as she said, “Yeah, there’s still a lot of bastards out there who think you’re not allowed to live if you don’t fit into their neat illusion of gender binary.”
Sherlock leans in to fill a glass with tap water.
Just a reminder that Eurus is NOT Sherlock’s sister in this version! That was just a random thing she implied to John before shooting him. There’s no reason to believe that’s true at all, if you assume that TFP was John’s coma dream.
Then Eurus pulled the trigger.
Of course they were already very, very close.
This man. The crime-fighting genius. Suddenly nothing more than a little lost puppy. John’s heart melted once again, as it had done for Sherlock a million times before, and he pulled him into a much-needed hug.
people into things. Then you can
“Could be,” she replied with a pensive expression, but a matter-of-fact tone, “although I would say his physique doesn’t look young enough to be one of them.”
John blinked against the sun and opened his eyes.
“Lestrade.”
It was the quiet before the storm, Sherlock knew.
Just then, John was apparently reading
Molly sat in the front, this time, next to the female driver.
Sherlock let out a half-giggle in spite of himself and rested his forehead against John’s. “Please, forgive me, John, for being the biggest idiot in the entire hemisphere.”
He blinked a couple of times.
Sherlock started stroking John’s thigh, making his intentions even clearer.
getting a little chilly, after all.
Mrs Hudson was indeed watching Eastenders. She looked up at them drowsily from her flowery sofa when they entered her lounge. She was clearly not well, even though she smiled and insisted there was nothing the matter when they asked. “It’s lovely of you to pop round, really, but I’m fine, honestly. Just tired and suffering from this wretched nausea.”
Irene’s eyes anxiously shot towards Sherlock, who gave her a resigned look.
Sherlock frowned. “I thought… this would… make it easier for you.”
And of course it took a bloody genius like Sherlock to learn how to give the most amazing frigging blowjobs John had ever had, within
And as he sees all those familiar sensations play out over Sherlock’s face – in a very
? Bloody hell. He couldn’t help but grin in response. “Not my missus,” he said, shaking his head. “My boyfriend.” More chuffed than he cared to admit, he left the driver with his mouth hanging half open and turned to follow Sherlock.
“Huh! I don’t recall making any confession,” Smith said, walking forward.
As John walked over to the kitchen, he could exactly picture the averted looks in the silence that stretched out between the two detectives and he had to suppress a snigger.
Sherlock shook his head to expel all other thoughts, like a dog ridding himself of unpleasant raindrops. It worked.
A certain melancholy in Mycroft’s stance betrayed his being only human, after all. His cold exterior seemed to have thawed, somewhat, now that he was in mourning over the passing of a long-term lover. A lover that nobody had known about – a fact which left him grieving all alone, without receiving sympathy from anyone except, possibly, Anthea, and which undoubtedly made it all the more painful.
She had been real, then.
He sleepily thought back to the previous night and the way Sherlock had looked up at him with delighted serenity and hooded eyes, just before John had emptied himself into him.
“What was that?” John asked, smirking surprisedly, apparently still not done rolling his eyes.
Also, what did he want from John? Weren’t they still supposed to not be talking? How was them breaking that rule essential to this case?
Sherlock’s mind seemed unable to stop going in all directions, not yet knowing which details from his memory were worth scrutinising.
“Tell me.”
John especially loved how sometimes, out of the blue and without saying a word, Sherlock would fix him with his intense gaze from across the room, stroll over and start kissing John’s neck, groping his back – his hands all over him – as if making up for all those years of distance between them.
John swallows as he lowers himself onto his knees, not far from the spot where Sherlock did the same two nights prior. He’s quite sure he’s never had this much adrenalin in his system.
“Finally! About bloody time, mate.” John slapped him on the shoulder. He was genuinely happy for them.
After he put his phone away again, they drank tea in companionable silence for a bit, until John left for the loo.
Hannah stepped out of the crowd and hugged him. Then Janine, then his father. Then Greg, even. And Molly. They all gave him a short hug or a quick peck on the cheek.
before, of course, especially in his army days. But somehow, it was different, this time. His life was so much more meaningful now, that the awareness of his own mortality, as well as Rosie’s and Sherlock’s, outright terrified him all of a sudden.
“I love you too,” Sherlock whispered back, still a little awkward, but very cute awkward, John thought.
But he didn’t know how to anymore.
It was midnight before Violet’s reply finally arrived.
“No, I’m fine.”
, John wondered. Wouldn’t it be annoying for someone who can’t understand anyway?
Sherlock smiled. “At the goldsmith that made Violet’s case interesting enough for me to take it, which led to you solving it, which in turn led to us drinking wine to celebrate, and which subsequently led to--”
John was moaning softer now, more breathily. Sherlock was monitoring him closely, and although he seemed fine and relaxed, having a finger up his arse didn’t specifically seem to do much for him, no matter how diligently Sherlock tried to stimulate his prostate. Maybe he needed to feel more stretched?
Only then did he realise he was terribly thirsty himself.
John’s cock had become almost painfully hard and was awkwardly leaking precum. He had a hard time keeping his voice steady as he replied, “Oh, Jesus, Sherlock, do you even have to ask?”
She let out a shaky breath.
Sherlock pressed his lips together in a smile, turning to the wall with the pictures.
Not ten minutes later, he found himself on the roof of the stables, from where he could rather perfectly oversee all activity while laying roof tiles.
kissing her or touching her; he only remembered
Then followed the deepest sleep he had experienced in a long while, with strange, intense dreams about donkeys, mountains, his parents, and his favourite aunt, floating in the sky.
Sherlock nodded, stupidly standing in the middle of the room, a vexatious bubble of happiness gradually expanding in his stomach.
Back home, John hugged him and kissed his forehead when Sherlock told him the boy was safely back. Exhausted, Sherlock dropped into his chair (the sofa being full of cloths and clothes that John was apparently sorting through). Within a few moments, John brought him sandwiches and tea. The best in all of England.
His eyes briefly widened at the vast diversity of the collection that appeared on his screen.
“Well…” Sherlock swallowed. “I
change for the better. I’m sure of it. Not in the last place because I am going to stay clean. I
He was on his own kind of high, beaming and laughing an amount Sherlock had never seen him do.
“Cheers,” John said, sipping his tea.
To Mrs. Holmes’ delight, they were in a slightly compromising position: Sherlock was sitting on John’s lap, straddling him and kissing his neck (the back of his head towards her), his shirt no longer tucked in.
(Which, of course, she always did.)
Still, it was quite an operation they had planned, and which had to be executed absolutely flawlessly in order to have even a chance of success.
She’d imagined the place John lived rather differently, to say the least. And what was going on with all those people in the flat?
This was a momentous proposal; it meant that John wanted them to be a real family. Under the law. And of course John was sure, or he would not have asked. With a hilariously appropriate ring, even.
“You think so?” Sherlock raised an amused eyebrow at the man behind him, as he shut the fridge door. “And what did I do yesterday, or the day before, or the day before that, to deserve all the
Those two things had been linked together in his mind for so long, that it was no real wonder that he’d banished that desire to the deepest cellars of his consciousness. John had managed to disconnect the two to a very large extent, but especially in the context of John penetrating him (quite literally making love to him). And now he was asking Sherlock to switch, requiring him to be as gentle as John had always been with him, and Sherlock wasn’t sure he could do that.
