It was a game they played, now they were old men and stayed at home nearly all the time and rarely went up to London except for specialist’s appointments. It was about reminiscing, and remembering, and reliving the past, something they found they never quite tired of.
He was in another world altogether, divorced from the crumbling, neglected reality of the gardens closer to the manor.  No – more than that. Much more.
“Where is Mr. Holmes, then? Perhaps you should fetch him too.” John’s fingers had encircled the patient’s wrist, feeling for his pulse, but the tremors prevented him from getting a good count.
She seems inordinately pleased, and Sherlock introduces Dr. John Watson, and Mrs. Hudson tells him she’s not their housekeeper but wouldn’t he like some tea and she’ll be back up in a trice.
Sherlock made no movement other than to turn his head slightly and study John from beneath long lashes. It was the first time John really noticed his very extraordinary eyes. They stared at each other, and it was Sherlock who broke the gaze first, letting out a deep, dissatisfied sigh.
The second jump was even more exciting, terrifying and adrenaline-stimulating than the first. There was no time for hesitation or error. Every step had to be executed with perfect timing and precision.
It had been awkward from the beginning – getting Sherlock back into the manor as he sat slumped in the chair with the shawl over his shoulders. Lestrade had done his best to push the chair, which was unwieldly on a good day. The proximity to Sherlock seemed to upset the man, and from time to time his mouth worked as if he very much wanted to say something but couldn’t – or wouldn’t – get the words out. They’d been fortunate to get Sherlock back to his rooms without meeting anyone in the corridors, and as soon as the door closed behind them, John directed Lestrade to spot Sherlock as he unsteadily rose from the wheelchair and lowered himself to the bed. Then Sherlock shakily poured himself a glass of water from the pitcher on the bed stand.
John stepped forward, hands firmly in his pockets where his clenching fists would not give him away. He kept his gaze on Mycroft, not allowing himself to search the path behind him for a different figure, a different Holmes.
want, John? When this is over? When you don’t have to answer to higher-ups and be my caretaker and deliver secret messages? Will you leave the army or stay? Go back to London and practice medicine? Live with your sister on your pension?”
John raised his hand to shield his eyes from the sun and found himself staring into a vaguely familiar face with very recognizable red hair.
He had, in fact, become first Sherlock’s physician, then his friend, and finally his lover - all of it slowly, painfully slowly, and all of it with his eyes wide open. He’d had any number of opportunities to change course, and even though he’d resolved to do just that, he’d proven himself incapable of doing so - or, if he were honest with himself, unwilling to carry it through. He knew what he was getting into in every sense, knew how his choices would define him for the rest of his life. Perhaps that was why the game had gone on so long. Why they’d played mind games over chess moves, or played side by side on a piano bench during his weakest moments.
“This wasn’t exactly my idea, you know,” she reminded him. They both looked over at Sherlock, who was paying them no mind at all, buried as he was in his music. “But yes, a table would be nice, if you’re offering.” She glanced at the bench – the first one he’d attempted. She’d taken a seat on it earlier, and had laughed herself silly while John pretend-scowled at her. “Something simple, though, John. A square or rectangle, perhaps with low legs so we can sit on the ground and his highness can still commune with nature?”
He moved his left thumb, trying to stretch it away from the finger beside it, then awkwardly lifted his hand and pressed another key.
“Really? It seemed like it was us,” Sherlock noted with a bit of disappointment. “Were we really that boring?”
He thought his resolve would last. He’d been determined before, and had weathered the years after his father’s arrest and incarceration, a man self-condemned to the kind of life he’d never wanted.
“Some other time then,” John said, handing Al the packed nappy bag. “We’re always happy to have him.”
He hoped a full-on reversal was the best way to turn the tables. He needed to get his feet under himself again – to tuck away the feelings. They wouldn’t give him an advantage here. Not at Rosethorne. And not with Sherlock Holmes.
She led him to a small antechamber, where Mrs. Hudson sat in a straight-backed chair against a wall, clutching a folded newspaper and looking out of sorts herself.
This was Mycroft’s doing, and John could protest all he cared to, but to what end? He was the resident physician at Rosethorne. He had explicit orders to be here. He had a capable second in command in Molly, and with Sherlock gone, no other assignments to distract him. He couldn’t even write to Sherlock, or expect to have a letter from him, or even news, as his location was closely guarded and his very existence not yet official.
“Here’s hoping that entire embarrassing episode stays locked and inaccessible in his child’s brain,” Sherlock muttered to John as they returned to their pudding.
“You’ve got him doing housework already, John,” Sherlock said with a sigh. “And no, of course it doesn’t matter. He’s perfectly perfect no matter what. If he can’t attend Bogworth, we can take him abroad and give him a practical education in the Amazon or Madagascar. But it would be helpful to know now, so we can make plans for childproofing the flat.”
He agreed. He could definitely have gone without the reminder that five years ago this very day he’d thrown himself off the roof of St. Bart’s hospital, feigning his own suicide to save the people he loved the most.
The matter resolved itself as he got nearer. Boards were nailed to the trunk to form a ladder leading up into the canopy, but the boards were so old, or had been nailed there so long ago, that they had nearly been consumed by the tree as it grew and now seemed almost organic - part of the tree itself more than something built onto or out from it.
“Rosie, Al, Sherlock, John, Severus, Harry,” the instructor called out. He helped position Rosie at the door, then moved to start the equipment check on Al.
“Of course I’m ill.  Our daughter is getting married, John. And she might have children some day – children who don’t need aeroplanes to fly and who can visit us here in this flat without actually opening the door.”
He looked at Sherlock significantly, giving him the opportunity to assure him that an appropriate and thoughtful birthday gift was already purchased and wrapped and the shortbread mixed up and in the oven.
He might have felt pain - once. He did feel it. Pain, and blessed, blessed relief. For Mary. For himself, when he was honest enough with himself to admit it.
He said it as a simple statement of fact. It was not an accusation. He was not trying to convince John of something that he didn’t already see.
“And this surprised you? That a six-month old managed to fund the dummy in the bed and get it into his mouth?”
Sherlock stood for a long moment observing, neither moving nor speaking, until John looked over at him and sighed.
Sherlock climbed across John and plopped down in the middle of the bed, on his back, head on the mountain of pillows. “Come here. I swear I won’t mention whose bed we’re about to desecrate again.”
John had no problem staying on script when Mycroft Holmes summoned him, well into the afternoon. Two officers had been escorted into the manor at eleven, while several more uniformed men prowled around the grounds. The officers were present for most of the staff interviews – Molly recounted her experience to John while he waited for his own summons, working on his weekly patient reports after lunch.
In this way, he learned that Harry Potter had grown up in Surrey, that he’d lived in Scotland most of his adult life, and that Severus really had been, for a time, the headmaster at Al’s school. And while he’d told Sherlock the name of the school – surely he had – Sherlock could never remember it, nor could he find the paper he’d written the name on no matter how long he’d searched.
The man in question was beginning to stir. He’d be sore, and out of sorts mentally for at least a few minutes, and John leaned forward and laid his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
quite a bit bigger than yours, though,” insisted small Mycroft. “Yet you’re quite a bit taller than he.”
“You have nothing to be embarrassed about, Sherlock,” said George, who’d been passing behind Sherlock. “Your brain makes up for you other…shortcomings.”
“Almost no technology at all!” exclaimed Sherlock. He either hadn’t heard John, or deliberately ignored his question. “No television, mobile phone, computer, tablet – nothing. There’s an ancient landline telephone and a radio that must have been around during the war.” Sherlock was speaking at an ever-increasing tempo and John didn’t bother trying to keep up. “Photos of the children on the mantel – two gingers and one that looks quite a bit like him. Wife was also a ginger – slim, athletic, quite pretty if you go in for such things.”
John could have told anyone as much. If forced to quantify, to order people and possessions in terms of value, of deemed worth, Rosethorne would only top Mycroft’s list because the manor filled a purpose and offered the necessary seclusion to further veil already secret operations. It was remote, sparsely staffed, fenced and gated. That it had monetary value was a bonus, but not of great importance to him. That it was a long-standing Holmes family holding mattered not for sentimental reasons, but for the social recognition that came with the land.
“What?” John stood with arms folded and stared at Sherlock. “Sherlock, you are not twelve years old. You don’t get to do this.”
“And it was she who first said you should be a surgeon. She’d watch your fingers on the keys, perhaps she even held your hands in her own, and said that you had such fine, strong, steady hands. The hands of a surgeon.”
“Hated that one in particular, did you?” John asks. He’s not worn his old jumpers for some time – since Mary pretended to chuck them, complaining about a wool allergy he’d always questioned.  “And no – Molly did the honours. I just provided the material. I managed to squirrel a few of them away when Mary threatened to burn them. She hated them – pretended to be allergic to wool.”
He’d changed it up after a month, found a take-out coffee place nearly as close as the café – two hundred and forty-six steps once he closed his door behind him. Carried the coffee to the park and sat on a bench and did the crossword in the morning sunlight, when they were lucky enough to have it, filling in all the spots he couldn’t solve with mild obscenities and self-deprecating words like
“Oh, Merlin, Professor, that’s so old,” answered Lily as Harry mouthed the answer along with her. “Ex- Smelly-Armus.”
How small had his life become that a man he’d met only weeks ago, whose parallels to his wife were only surface similarities, had hijacked his thoughts? That helping him had become more a vocation than an order?
He groaned, a deep guttural reverberation, as Sherlock bent his head and pressed his warm lips against the corner of John’s mouth even as John turned his head and captured Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock pounced on the information like a cat on a mouse who’d just been dipped into a can of tuna.
And while not rushing seems like a good idea, arriving home two hours later does not. Especially because the second case – the one Lestrade takes up while driving Sherlock back to Baker Street – is a classic (and utterly predictable) locked room murder masquerading as a suicide.
“And that’s saying something,” Al added. “Severus isn’t normally interested in much besides Dad and potions.”
“What do you think?” John answered. Sherlock smiled and turned his attention back on the bush, but John continued. “Does this mean we’re finished here? I can’t see why they’d continue to run a convalescent home out here in the middle of nowhere when they’ve already got what they want from you.”
“Seriously?” John blurted out, then slapped a hand over his mouth. Was it too late to grab Rosie and make a run for London?
Billy immediately complied, though he had some difficulty rolling the man onto his left side, facing John, and John had to help position his arms. The patient’s body continued to spasm and release, though the seizure was clearly beginning to abate.
Eventually, with Sherlock’s breathing still even, and his limbs relaxed – though he did not think him asleep – John reached into his dressing gown pocket and extracted the letter. He’d wanted to read it while alone, and he was effectively so now, with Sherlock slowly recovering, still curled on his side on the floor.
“And tell her John doesn’t like frumpy jumpers,” Sherlock advised. “Perhaps something form-fitting in indigo with a narrow black band at the cuffs and neckline.”
“All my jumpers now are cashmere pull-overs,” John reminded him. “The old ones were stolen in that break-in a few years ago.”
The work itself wasn’t too difficult, even right-handed. He found towels to layer under Holmes’ foot, then lanced the infected wound, drained it, and cleaned it thoroughly, not apologising for the pain the process caused, nor for his awkward fumbling. Holmes had asked for it, hadn’t he? He knew perfectly well that John’s fine motor skills were still severely compromised.
He was certainly not in an invalid’s room. The room was both bed chamber and living quarters, and there wasn’t a single item present that would support a case that an actual medical invalid inhabited the quarters – no wheelchair, no appliances to help lift a nonresponsive body, no bed pan, no stacks of diapers. No tell-tale smells of urine and bleach. And there were shoes, of obvious quality and scuffed enough to indicate frequent wear, dropped near the end of the bed.
Sherlock’s eyes had closed again, but he gave a single downward tilt of his head, dipping his chin toward his chest, in answer.
“If she meant to do it – to take her own life – you couldn’t have stopped her,” Sherlock said. “Who were you protecting by suppressing the truth?”
Rosie wrapped one arm around her new husband and the other around the closest father, who happened to be Sherlock. Sherlock wrapped his arm around John and said, “Leave it be. At least they’re not shooting each other.”
At that point, the groups split to opposite sides of the clearing and lined up in the order they’d left each plane.
“He’s doing a weekend Muggle crime solving class,” John said, glancing back reflexively toward the castle. “I’m supposed to be helping him out today by playing the corpse, but I’m skiving off class.”
Sherlock rejoined the wedding party in time to snag a glass of the best champagne and watch the two Mollys, the two Harrys and the two Roses pose for a photograph together.
“He didn’t do anything wrong,” Sherlock said. He’d been staring at Mycroft the entire time, sorting out the puzzle. “Your proportions are all wrong. Look at yourself. You’re … fit.” He sounded incredulous and very, very disappointed.
“All this time I’ve been trying to recapture what I’d lost – to find a way to piece back together all the ridiculous bits of information I’d archived before the accident. But while I failed miserably at that, I somehow succeeded in building something entirely new.”
Garden crew. That was it, wasn’t it? These days, resources were scarce. Nearly every able-bodied man who could was fighting the Germans. Old men and children, wives and daughters – those were the garden crews, the at-home work force, these days.
John didn’t bother insisting that the door had been locked when he’d tried to use it. It was obviously open now, and his attention was drawn at once to the windows, even more magnificent from this interior vantage with the sun streaming in from outside.
“Sherlock and Miss Hooper are working parallel to our main operations at Bletchley Park. Before the attack, Sherlock was working with a group we carved out of our main group at Bletchley, on a project no one had yet cracked. The routine is to receive intercepted messages, relay them to Bletchley Park where they are decrypted, analyzed and the results disseminated appropriately. While Sherlock at times worked to decode messages directly, he was his own special unit, receiving, analyzing and archiving nearly every message in its encoded and decoded format in his continuing efforts to create the perfect code language. A living resource, if you will - mathematics, logic, linguistics applied to the art of communication.”
“It is conspicuous in its size - inappropriate for a small loo such as this - the doors don’t even open all the way with the placement of the sink and commode. It’s against the south wall and is large enough to accommodate a grown man. It’s too large to have been moved here - so either the room was built around it or it was built into the room. It must have a purpose.” He leaned in close to John again until John could nearly feel the phantom scrape of the stubble on his chin. “Look at the shelf - there’s a build-up here -” he touched the edge of the shelf he’d indicated - “that you don’t see on the opposite shelf or the ones above and below. Residue from fingers, laid there over some time, and most importantly, not rigorously cleaned by the servants. Lifting the shelf, or doing it in combination with another action, could trigger a release mechanism on the panel.”
“It’s not working,” Sherlock said. “That ceremony will be worse than the ninth circle of hell. I’m still not going.”
“That’s our ride!” exclaimed Rosie, pulling John and Sherlock by the hand as the rest of the guests clapped.
John jerked his head in a nod. “Is there any reason you’re putting me through this, Sherlock?” He raised his head and stared the other man in the eye. “I was there. I don’t think I’ll ever manage to forget it.”
Sherlock fingers the scarf, looks at John, puzzled, but when he lifts it over his head to wrap it around his neck, he pauses, then bends to bury his nose in it. His eyes close, and when he opens them again, they are soft and full of something John can’t name but that takes some of the weariness he’s been carrying from his face.
But now – it was a sculpture. An exotic menagerie. A fanciful sea monster snaking in and out of the earth. A swan with outstretched wings. A porpoise’s tail. A stallion. A fox.
“Go – please. Sherlock has likely offended the entire staff by now, and will be insisting he doesn’t need the care he requires and should be returned to his own quarters. The staff will be as happy to see you as Sherlock will be.”
He didn’t make his way back to the other wing, despite his stated intention. Instead, he slipped outside, breathing deep gulps of fresh air and walking quickly and deliberately down the bricked garden path that led along the drive. After a time, he veered off along the ivy-covered garden wall that led to the locked gate.
But Sherlock had found peace elsewhere – in John’s arms in the quiet darkness or beside him at the piano, on a rickety bench with the violin pressed against his cheek and the breeze in his hair, prone on the ground in a bed of wildflowers cataloguing the movement of honeybees.
“There you are at last.” The woman who opened the door looked past John and addressed the chauffeur. “Simon – Mr. Holmes would like you to take Dr. Watson’s bags to the Westminster Suite in the west wing.” She stepped back as Simon dutifully headed off with the suitcases, then her gaze rested at last on John.
“Yes – or course.” It was increasingly difficult to keep the practiced neutral expression on his face. What else could that question possibly mean?
John occasionally has to remind Sherlock that they’d had another baby all those years ago – a daughter named Rosie whom Sherlock had thought quite wonderful in her own right. The sun rose and set in her eyes and the stars formed a crown about her wispy blonde halo. But Sherlock is quick to remind him that when Rosie was a delightful clean slate at eight pounds, John had been a tangled ball or nerves and he hadn’t been Sherlock’s, thus Rosie hadn’t been Sherlock’s either. John very much wants to remind Sherlock that Sherlock had been named godfather but hadn’t taken the job very seriously at first. John wonders if Sherlock has deleted the baptism, but it’s best to let these things go. Afterall, once he had started to take the job seriously, he’d never once faltered.
“You’d better be this excited on Saturday,” John said as he carried in the package that had appeared outside their door. He placed the package on the table and stared at the label.
They ignored his insult and he ignored the rest of their questions – he heard pieces and parts, something about marriage, and something else about adoption, and yet another about how he’d faked his death.  Old news and none of your business, he thought as he finally pushed inside and closed the door behind him.
Other circumstances, as in a world that wasn’t at war, or inside an ordinary man’s life, a man who hadn’t been working on a top-secret project, who wasn’t hidden away, purported to be dead, given the charge of single-handedly changing the direction of this war.
And off they’d gone, rapidly discussing his injury, nerve damage, therapy, recovery potential and whether the better course of action might be to give up on the left hand altogether and instead concentrate on working with the right until it became his new dominant hand.
“I’ve noticed a bit of improvement, thank you.” John was using his left hand to steady the toe as he examined it. The offending toenail had been cut out, as Holmes had indicated, but the toe was red and clearly infected. He pressed against a worrisome spot and Holmes winced then blew out a slow breath, but did not jerk away.
And while more people came to Rosethorne than ever before, the walled garden was private. The guests could wander where they would, but the original garden gate was removed and the open space built up to close it in, and the manor guests were none the wiser. Greg planted a new maze closer to the main house, and as the shrubs grew tall enough, shaped ravens and falcons, owls and kestrels, atop each bush to serve as sentinels.
Charlie and Al were young men, barely out of their teens, one blinded in one eye and heavily scarred, suffering periodic seizures, the other learning to live without most of his right arm. John sat by their beds and spoke with them every morning, seeing himself in their countenances, in their wounded and defeated demeanors, and wondered more than once if this was another of Mycroft Holmes’ attempts to manipulate him.
“It would be made well - our great-grandfather was a da Vinci manque of sorts. His specialty was clocks….” He manuevered himself inside the piece as he spoke and looked between the shelf he’d indicated and the one below it. “There’s a torch on the table in the corner of the workroom. Would you…?”
“No idea,” answered Al, sitting on the other side of Rosie’s bed. “The vestigial tail won’t show up for a few more days.”
"He came for me." Mycroft shifted, grimacing a bit, then limping forward toward a garden table, sanded and polished, and the sturdy chairs around it. "Sit, John," he said, motioning to one of the chairs.
The hum of an engine could be heard overhead, and a few minutes later, one of the two jump planes glided in and landed.
“Humiliating,” Sherlock responded. “But it was a valiant search. I didn’t trust anything at face value then, and don’t to this day." He huffed out a sigh. "It's served me well through the years.”
“Sherlock – you selfish thing!” exclaimed Mrs. Hudson. “The poor soldiers – you can’t simply boot them out of here.”
Sherlock waved a hand toward the bed and put a finger to his lips. John saw him only in reflection, standing before the mirror. He half-expected to see Irene Adler in the bed, but instead found another man sleeping there, stretched out with one arm flung over his eyes.
Despite his reservations about anyone else sharing their garden, he had a great deal of empathy for boys like Al – soldiers who’d given their all just to have the wind – and sometimes the life – knocked out of their sails. He’d been in their boots once, mere weeks after his own injury, when he knew he’d never practice surgery again. There’d been no one waiting for him back in London, and there’d be no place for him there, and nothing for him to contribute.
John very deliberately kept his mouth firmly shut, defying its natural instinct to drop open as he digested the content of Sherlock’s lengthy spiel.
“This is all for show. There’s really no need to spin around in circles when there’s plenty of space for a traditional stairway.”
And he was happier – far happier – as was obvious in his general disposition, and in the melodies that sprang from his violin. Molly could hardly keep up with him when they sat together in the garden, around the knee-high table John had made to her specifications. It was a fair effort, he thought, sturdy and level, the old wood thoroughly sanded, though Sherlock dragged it from place to place by one short leg, and told John that a round one would have been far more useful, as he’d have been able to put it up on its side and roll it across the garden.
John stared at the piano, trying to ignore that Molly somehow was aware that he knew how to play. Or had – once. If she knew, then she’d been told by Mycroft Holmes, as he’d not mentioned this lost talent to anyone at Rosethorne. He couldn’t imagine that his childhood skills – musical or otherwise – would have made it into his official military file, and, not for the first time, wondered how Mycroft Holmes knew what he knew, and more importantly, why he'd bothered to dig into his past so deeply.
John didn’t argue. Sherlock often strayed from the obvious when he was jealous. It was one of his most endearing qualities.
The door opened to an obviously agitated Mrs. Hudson, who looked like she’d rather be anywhere but standing in that particular doorway.
“That cage is covered, Sherlock. You can’t just go snooping around in his flat – it’s not – Sherlock!”
John relaxed against the bleacher behind him, elbows resting on the bench. He and Charlie chatted companionably, and John found that it was far easier than he’d imagined to ease back into their friendship at this distance from the devastation of Voldemort’s reign and the Final Battle.
John pointed Sherlock to the cottage. “Go inside and get cleaned up. There’s a loo just inside the side door. They want formal pictures soon.”
The two exchanged a look and giggled. With a pang, John realised that the two were practically sisters now, and a sister was something Rosie had never had before.
“Of course you would,” snapped Holmes, narrowing his eyes. “You are the resident physician – not the private doctor for our four convalescents.” He leveled his gaze at John, then turned and sighed. His mood had turned, John noted, since he’d brought up the subject of this additional patient at Rosethorne.
“I see.” He stared at John a long, uncomfortable moment then, in a most unexpected move, clapped his hands together and jumped out of his chair.
The crow in question had flown off the fountain to find a perch in a tree whose branches hung over the wall. They both watched it hop down to a lower branch then spread its wings and caw, once again, in John’s direction.
“I believe it was one of your conditions, John. When you agreed with Mycroft that I was fit enough to work again. Six o’clock, then?”
“Read it on the Met’s website more like,” John responded. “Congratulations, then. How long have you known?”
There were only two patients now, and John and Molly as the official medical staff, plus aides from a nursing service who filled out the schedule, appearing for two eight-hour shifts during the daytime and spending all of their time in the infirmary. Sherlock, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and Billy Wiggins completed the resident list. The cook, her assistant, and three maids, one of whom split her time between household chores and the kitchen, were present for a large part of the day, but didn’t overnight at Rosethorne. Ben the gardener wandered about, but seldom came inside, even for meals. And when Mycroft was present for his occasional visits, he had his personal assistant and chauffeur Simon with him.
“Good, good.” Sherlock spun on his heels and faced John. “But why try to make it look like a kidnapping instead of merely a flight in the night?”
But here, in the garden, with the crocuses of every hue heralding spring, and the waning winter cold colouring his cheeks pink, with Sherlock only a thousand steps away, he couldn’t give voice to the anger.
She shook her head in resignation – Sherlock’s class was far too popular for her to can him at this point - then turned and walked purposefully back toward the castle, leaving him to deal with his charge.
“He’s done it,” she whispered, tucking the paper back inside the envelope. “They’ve had it for a solid week and haven’t been able to make a start on cracking it. And they’re the best of the best, John.”
“Lost it - no. I’m convinced the information is intact. I’ve lost the structure around it. The filing system. The card catalogue, if you will. I’ve lost the artificial organisational construct around the data – it’s as if someone removed the cards from the drawers and tossed them all into the middle of the room.”
“There you go. Get today’s. Settle this matter once and for all,” John said. “Before you know it the year will be over and Mrs. Hudson will be home. Then you can get back to worrying about her breaking a hip.”
And still John waited – he could play the fool, take the words at face value. Interpret them however he’d like – however it suited him best. He could deny that Mycroft saw anything at all, or make up a creative excuse to explain Sherlock spooning up against him, to write off the kiss he’d dropped on Sherlock’s temple as a reflex action as he stumbled, half-asleep, from bed.
“I never had one as a boy,” John countered with an exaggerated sigh. “And ‘sides, we can be whoever we want to be in that garden.”
He wasn’t an expert, and had never even seen a secret drawer in a desk, much less a secret door in a wardrobe. But it stood to reason that if the wardrobe was hiding the entrance to a tunnel, the back panel of the wardrobe must be false, and removing it had to be simple enough for a single person to manage. He opened the doors and began to examine the panel. It was a solid piece of the same dark wood that made up the rest of the wardrobe, and had no knotholes or flaws that John could see. He ran his hands around the edges, pushing inward, and feeling a bit ridiculous for his efforts. When he gave up on the rear panel, he turned to examine the shelves on either side. He thought he saw a knob on the top right shelf, but soon realised it was just a discarded drawer pull.
John and Harry had quickly tumbled out of the plane behind their respective mates, Harry with his wand in his hand.
“Not all over,” Sherlock replied. His own eyes were closed again. “But I have then where it matters.”
Tightened the fist that held on to Sherlock’s jacket, twisted it to pull him closer even as the hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck worked itself into those soft curls.
John had at last, though reluctantly, agreed to use Muppet in place of Muggle. He had to admit that he enjoyed Lestrade’s reaction whenever Sherlock called his team a bunch of incompetent Muppets.
“I see no reason why we can’t provide an amenable working environment, with personnel trained to be attentive to Mr. Holmes’ needs. As for the medical help – ”
Sherlock took another sip of the very delicious lemonade and felt curls of fire buzz pleasantly through his extremities. “Am I going to remember any of this tomorrow?” he asked her as the figures on brooms raced and dove and performed moves that defied both gravity and science.
“Lestrade?” Sherlock had kicked another stone, seeming to take solace in the force of the act, or in the way they bounced erratically. But now his entire attention turned back to John. “Lestrade is gardening for Mycroft?” he asked, voice clearly conveying his disbelief.
anyone. It was Sherlock - brilliant, beautiful, flawed and maddening Sherlock. Sherlock who knew his secrets, who’d guessed his past. Sherlock who’d played a masterful game and left him the last move.
Or, better said, his daughter, his barely-controlled anger, the waning presence of the woman he had loved. Metaphors from therapy, from life, with only Sherlock missing, but he’s not settled on one for Sherlock, and isn't sure he’ll share it with him if he ever does.
And when she finally was dismissed, and began her slow walk back to her room with head held high, John himself was summoned.
Now, on the bench beside him, Sherlock’s posture changed. He dropped his hands into his lap, then lifted one hand to pinch the bridge of his nose. John rested his hand on Sherlock’s thigh and leaned a bit closer. It seemed to silly suddenly that they were entirely alone in the garden, on an estate populated by not more than a dozen persons altogether, yet he still had such difficulty showing affection when they weren’t in a locked room or in total darkness.
Mum?” laughed Charlie. “Of course it’s all right – it’s my party, isn’t it, and she told me to invite my friends. Two o’clock, then?”
“Home!” Rosie announced. Hamish, standing between Sherlock’s legs with Sherlock supporting him around the middle, squealed his delight and bopped Sherlock on the head with a set of plastic keys. Sherlock caught Al’s eye as he struggled in laden with packages.
He’d tried this very door only a few days before. He passed under the room’s  windows nearly every day as he walked the grounds, and often stopped to admire them, each a beautiful work of art in coloured glass, reminiscent of cathedral windows in design if not theme. There were four of them, each depicting a scene from London – famous buildings, parks, streets – and they struck him as so lovely, yet so out of step with the setting of the manor, that he determined where the room must be within the house, and found his way there one evening after dinner, only to find the door locked when he tried to turn the knob.
Sherlock glanced back at John, tilting his head up. He looked nothing like himself with the hat and glasses, with the defeated slump of shoulders he took on when posing as his grandfather. “I have Aunt Adelaide to thank for expanding my mind from an early age,” he stated. “I don’t know that Father ever knew the nature of our little conversations, and Mycroft certainly never let on that she’d treated him to anything similar.”
. He heard the echo of footfalls above them, a slow walk down a long corridor, but Sherlock released him as the footsteps receded and pushed past him, seemingly incorporeal again.
When Sherlock didn’t answer, John glanced into the kitchen. Sherlock had the milk out of the refrigerator again and was headed toward their bedroom with it.  John shook his head and turned on the news. Best to be sure all was well in Buenos Aires what with Rosie spending her gap year in South America.
John kept hold of the wrist, watching the man’s face as it relaxed, then took its time contorting again. That, too, was familiar territory for him. The signs were clear – the attack was passing, and he was beginning to make out the racing pulse.
And while John would recall the odd discussion of his own romantic attachments in this first meeting with Molly, he’d also remember this day for what followed soon after.
He faltered, 	then stopped speaking altogether as he looked vaguely off into the distance, into the far corner of the corridor, though his eyes were distant and unfocused. John reached up and touched his cheek, worried that Sherlock was slipping into a seizure.
He iced his hand after lunch, then, still frustrated and out of sorts over the letter he’d read the night before and his reaction to Sherlock’s relationship with Lestrade, he made his way to the music room, determined to clear his mind. The bee stings on his right hand, and the resulting short-term inability to use it, had underlined the importance of strengthening his left. He’d been remiss of late – hurrying to fit his daily responsibilities in a smaller window so he could take Sherlock out to the gardens at suppertime.
“Come in then, come in. We’ve been expecting you, Dr. Watson. Mr. Holmes will be leaving in the car that brought you, but I’m told he wants a word with you before he goes. He’s gone more than he’s here, isn’t he, so you’ll need your orders – we do hope you last longer than the last one – two weeks. Two weeks! It’s as if they find this wholesome ountry air an imposition! Now come along – I’m to take you to up to Mr. Holmes straight away. You’ll be wanting tea so I’ll have Annie bring it up. I’m Mrs. Hudson, by the way, and just to be clear, I’m not the housekeeper. My late husband was the grounds manager here – and Mr. Holmes kept me on to keep things going while he’s away, you know.”
Sherlock turned to him with a wide smile. “I knew there was a tunnel,” he conceded without apology. “Father told us - he challenged us to find it that summer we spent here. But - Grandfather wouldn’t tell us where it was - he claimed he’d had it filled in as it wasn’t safe. So naturally, we started digging to find it.”
The stack of books at the end of Sherlock’s bed had grown and had spilled over, spawning a second messy stack beside the first. Sheets of paper filled with small, precise writing covered the dresser. But Sherlock left the bedroom behind when Mrs. Hudson arrived with John, leading him into the room behind Wiggins’ and sweeping a stack of newspapers off of the upholstered red chair.
John chuckled. “An accident waiting to happen. How about the Speedo Faskin? You were convinced she’d be an Olympic swimmer. You must have spent ….”
It was the kind of statement that should have been possible only with rehearsal, but from Sherlock, somehow, it sounded ad lib.
When the cards were on the table, when the brothers stood across from each other, closed up together in a private room, the negotiations were straight-forward. And when the brothers sealed the agreement with a handshake, everyone was satisfied.
“That the old man had taken another bad turn,” she whispered as they passed quietly through Sherlock’s room. Sherlock was sprawled across his bed, head near the foot where a stack of books reached nearly as high as the mattress. He appeared to be sleeping, and in the muted morning light, he looked younger than he was, and decidedly peaceful.
John took the opportunity to stand and excuse himself. He’d never much liked Mycroft Holmes, and after this conversation, liked him even less. He had half a mind to make his way directly to Sherlock’s room, but had a gut feeling that letting this particular pot stir itself might be to his advantage. Sherlock would certainly find a way to get what he wanted. John wouldn’t need to defy Mycroft Holmes himself.
Sherlock was now busy turning out the sleeves to check the wand pocket and it was only when he laid the garment almost reverently back on the table that John noticed the embroidered shapes, done in a fine silver thread.
, John. Not file drawers in a card catalog linked by key words in alphabetic order – but something more organic, like hexagonal cells in a honeycomb. One bit tied to the next by colour and texture and scent. Each separate point of reference framed by six more – nearly the same but entirely different.”
Even on the stairway, a magical artifact so confusing it was senseless to even try to understand how it worked, the child complained.
“Sherlock Holmes – you’ve obviously already met my bully of an older brother. I’m the smart one, of course – he has me breaking Nazi code in return for keeping my feet on English soil, not that I’d be an effective soldier with injury-induced epilepsy, but that’s another matter altogether. So – you’re part of the team now, but things aren’t exactly as they seem, are they? I don’t need physio – Dr. Watson has my physical needs quite covered already. I need an assistant. Someone intelligent, loyal, unattached – someone who won’t stand out otherwise here at Rosethorne – someone who can double as a qualified member of the medical care staff. I hoped you would work well with Dr. Watson, and I’m not at all disappointed.
He doesn’t hesitate and is at Sherlock’s side in seconds, not caring that the door swings shut behind him. He practically carries him back to the door, praying the prayer of the unbeliever as he reaches for the handle and inches it open.
But he’d always remember Sherlock at his side as he worked on Mycroft, Sherlock following his instructions, stitching the gash on the side of Mycroft’s head, helping set the broken arm. It felt completely natural to have him there, and he proved more than a competent nurse, and nearly a competent physician. And when Mycroft was sorted and sleeping, and Simon’s more minor injuries were patched up and he’d gone off to bed, John collapsed on the sofa in the adjoining sitting room to wait out the night.
He’d think about Mycroft in the morning. About what Mycroft knew. About how what he did with that knowledge could affect his career, his entire life.
She’d shown an interest in John, and he’d gently pushed her away. He hadn’t been interested in her that way. As a friend, a confidante, yes. But he had no desire to risk that friendship with something more.
He stopped a moment to let his mind consider its own flight of fancy. This was unlike Dr. John Watson altogether. John Watson was a military man, a man of medicine, who was structured and orderly and obeyed rules.
“He’s not as jittery as he was at the beginning.” Mrs. Hudson walked beside John as he headed back to his rooms. “The air is good for him here – and the work. He’s outside nearly all of the time, even when the weather is foul. We don’t know what all he gets up to – but he’s made a world of difference in the gardens. We all enjoy going outside for an afternoon walk now that the pathways aren’t choked with grass and weeds. And the roses! We haven’t had such big blooms in years!”
“Fascinating. I must remember to bring my notebooks out tomorrow. We’ll need to come out much earlier, while the bees are more active. And I’ll of course need to document all the species of flowers here.”
He can’t remember a Christmas quite like this one. He’s never seen a more beautiful tree, a more perfect day to spend inside with the people who populate his life, who’ve salvaged a horrendous year bookended by joy – Rosie’s arrival, and her first Christmas.
“Only one of your hands is compromised – it’s certainly not crippled. You can use the tools in your right while you steady with your left.” Sherlock, apparently happy to be distracted, put a foot to the bench and jiggled it. “But John, the real work is in the planning and design. The best results will spring from coupling the brain with the strength of the body and the agility of the hands.”
As he’d expected, John found himself back in Sherlock’s room the very evening Mycroft Holmes departed for London.
“She was twenty years younger than Grandfather, a girl of sixteen when he fell in love with her at a friend’s wedding where she was a bridesmaid, a cousin of the friend’s new wife. That they married and he took her to live at his country estate, and locked her away there in a labyrinth of cold and opulent rooms, where her only joy was a special garden. Like his bride, grandfather loved the outdoors, and granted her every wish when it came to the garden. He had a maze built for her, and a lily pond,  and a swing hung from the limb of an oak tree that hung over the pond.  She loved roses, and he had a fabulous rose garden planted there for her, with roses of every colour and variety. But those roses, as much as she loved them, were her undoing.”
He turned his left hand over, studied it as yellow and green and red gems seemed to sparkle on his skin.
He didn’t panic. He didn’t want to stir up the bees. He himself had no particular fondness for them, always having seen them as a menace more than a curiosity. He waited as patiently as he was able while Sherlock studied the comings and goings of the creatures, propped on his elbows on his belly on the ground, until the light grew too dim and he finally backed away and stood up, dusting the dirt off of his knees.
Sherlock was playing now, moving from melody to melody, trying them out, abandoning them, starting up another, until he settled on something John recognized but could not name. By the quick and irregular motion of the bow, it seemed a complicated piece, but the expression on Sherlock’s face was more relaxed than contemplative as his body melded with the music, and the music, in turn, melded with the mood of the garden.
Molly was wandering around the maze, her fingers grazing over the sculpted animals as she completed the circuit of the maze’s outer walls. John stood beside an uncomfortable Greg Lestrade, who’d looked a bit wounded when Molly stepped into the garden behind Sherlock, through the door that led to the guest cottage. She held a leather portfolio tightly against her chest, and from time to time glanced nervously overhead, as if assuring herself that enemy aircraft weren’t hiding behind the clouds.
John enjoyed chess, despite the fact that Sherlock nearly always won when they played. But the game today was decidedly more interesting with the twist Sherlock had given it.
“Actually, I think I’ll stay home today,” John said as Sherlock reminded him of their scheduled departure time for Hogwarts. “This place is a shambles. We’re not only out of milk – we’re out of everything, and Mrs. Hudson’s birthday is tomorrow and someone’s got to get her a gift and make that shortbread she likes so much.”
“Good. You hit your head when you fell. You’ve got a nice bump. Does anything else hurt – and yes – I know – everything hurts.” He smiled, trying on his understanding doctor persona. “I mean – does anything hurt more than it usually does after an attack.”
“Alright – um – that’s a hard no to the Amazon and Madagascar. And won’t you have to childproof the flat no matter?” asked Al. He glanced over at Rosie with alarm, as if suddenly realising that 221B was not child friendly.
It was perfect. Aggressive, reckless, pleasure. All the better for Mycroft’s presence behind the very wall on which they leaned. Sherlock’s thigh rolled against his groin and he stifled a groan, coherent thought impossible as he hardened, and pushed back against Sherlock, groaning as Sherlock’s fingers worked under his shirt, pinching at his nipples.
His thoughts were on the mysterious invalid, and the improbable man in charge of his care, and when he reached the lock gate in the garden, he very nearly walked past it without stopping to stare through the bars at the forgotten garden beyond.
“You will have full access to the grounds, as well as to the patient and medical facilities and the swimming pool. In your explorations of the property, if you encounter a locked door, be assured that it is locked for a reason. I have been informed of your proclivity to wander at night – when your … dreams … keep you awake.”
“I’m not sure why you want to know what it’s like practicing medicine in wartime, much less in the desert. I don’t think you need a mind palace to understand that it’s hot, and quick, and dirty, and just enough – sometimes. Sometimes you can’t do a damn thing to save them – they were doomed before they arrived. You have to be fast – nimble-handed and nimble-minded. You’ve got to make quick decisions – right or wrong – and stick with them. And more often than not, you’re cutting off a boy’s leg, or his arm, and I used to do it without even thinking. About what kind of life he’d have when he got home – if he got home. Keep them alive – that’s what we do. That’s what we did, or tried to do, anyway. And sometimes you don’t get any sleep at all. And you hear the guns all the time, even when they’re not firing. They’re in your ears, like a permanent echo, just like the wind, and the sand against your skin. And I wasn’t even right there – we stayed well behind the lines, advancing or retreating as they did. Sometimes a few miles back, sometimes closer if we were losing ground quickly.”
John, head buried against the warmth of Sherlock’s neck, pulse beating beneath his lips, lowered his arm to rest on the small of Sherlock’s back.
“He had a fire going in the grate,” Sherlock commented as he dropped onto the sofa, removed his shoes, then stretched out, giving the ceiling a puzzled look.
“Yes – the majority of the story is more or less factual. A thousand random monkeys at typewriters are bound to get it right eventually.”
“But it’s more than that. There’s something more there – in my brain – something that wants to take shape, to take form, but I’ve been fighting it back -
This chapter wraps around the events of the "T" chapter in "The Alphabet Vignettes - "T is for Tomorrows."  Please read that chapter first as it refers to an event in this story that may be a trigger for some.
your keeper. The orders I’ve just had drilled into my skull by my commanding officer are very specific on the matter. My job is - to put it simply -
“Thank you.” John was careful to look Holmes in the eye as he spoke. He was all-too-familiar with power plays.
“Depends, I suppose,” John answered. “Are you representing Sherlock as his brother or as his supervisor?”
John reached out to stop him, but Harry Potter wasn’t the Head of the MLE for no reason at all. He was gone with hardly a whisper of a crack, and John’s finger tips brushed empty air where Harry had stood seconds before.
“Queerpitch! Surely he’ll play! And if he does, he’s bound to want us to come to a match or two. At Bogworth! John – we’re going to get to go to Bogsworth!”
They went on like a dressing gown, cascading fluidly to his feet, then closed up the front from knee to neck.
“Observing. Learning. Cataloguing,” replies Sherlock. “He has your upper lip, John. If we’re gone by the time he sprouts facial hair, someone will have to be sure he doesn’t grow a mustache. It will look just as atrocious as yours did.”
And it was only later, as he lay in bed, turning over the conversation in the garden, that he realised that Sherlock may have been talking about another pretense altogether.
The child on the floor – a much younger but equally annoying version of Mycroft Holmes – had dropped his hands from his ears and was staring wide-eyed at John and Sherlock.
as Molly left the room, and John took a deep breath as he lifted his left hand slowly and rested it against his chest.
“But the wiz-fits are here.” Sherlock had recently taken a giant leap forward in identifying wizards as wiz-fits instead of misfits. “They’ll spill you right back up here if your parachute doesn’t open.”
Sherlock sighed and reclaimed Hamish, settling him on the rug amongst the toys they’d left scattered there when they’d put him down for his nap, then sitting down behind him. Hamish obliged by turning around and handing him an orange plastic ring. “When will they be back?”
Sherlock laughed. “Aren’t you at all concerned that you’ve been set up? That the woman herself has left a sealed letter in her room claiming that she felt threatened by you and your unwanted sexual advances?”
“Come, walk with me around the garden,” he demanded as he set off down the outer path, and John, surprised, hurried to catch up. “And tell me more about Lestrade. Is he really mute? Does he make any sounds at all?”
“When Rosie was born,” said Sherlock at last. “When I dislocated both shoulders trying to get out of the strait jacket. When you needed stitches on your head and they shaved off all the hair on one side of your skull.”
“I don’t know, Da– Hawkins? Hambridge? Does it matter? Some sort of whole child alternative learning academy. But he’ll be at Cambridge next year, studying chemistry! With me!”
“Perhaps it wasn’t a guesthouse to all of its residents,” mused Sherlock. He placed his hand on the knobby growth over one of the boards, studying it, then raised his gaze to the treehouse above.
“Learning him, John, as I’ve already said,” he answers. He tilts his head, studying the tiny head from several angles, then smooths the hair back down and looks intently at the corners of small William’s eyes. His knees are next – chubby and cherubic, they look like every knee on every baby to John, though even he can see that they’re particularly shapely and well-formed on this particular model.
“He’s very hopeful – almost optimistic,” Mrs. Hudson continued as she climbed the stairs and he struggled to keep up. There might be no logical medical reason for the pain and weakness in his leg but he felt it as keenly as the bullet in his shoulder. “This time, he hand-picked you, didn’t he? Colonel Littleton was here himself just two weeks ago with the dossiers – I did the serving myself, though don’t you forget I’m not a servant here – and I hope I don’t offend you when I tell you that the colonel thought you might not be up to the job what with your injuries and limitations. But Mr. Holmes – Mr. Holmes, he thought otherwise.”
“And I’d very much like young William to attend as well. He’ll be far better-behaved without Sherlock there to distract him.”
“How long has he been having seizures?” he asked Mrs. Hudson as Billy finally edged over to a desk beside a closed door.
“I did.” His eyes closed, perhaps, John thought, to hide the pain awoken by the reminder of the mental acuity he’d apparently lost. “Once.”
“I wanted breakfast and I had no idea where their cook sleeps, so I pretended to see a snake so I could scream to wake them up, and Sherlock opened the door completely starkers. Then John got out of bed to make me breakfast because Sherlock is completely useless, and at first I was worried he was going to trip over it, but he managed to get his pants on and then made me toast soldiers and a soft-boiled egg, even though I requested a full English.”
of the war effort itself. Yet, for some reason, a reason that felt odd and uncomfortable, the paradigm shifted when the focus was on this particular man.
John had teared up and wiped at his eyes with handerchief Molly had made him with “First Father of the Bride” embroidered on the edge. Sherlock put an arm around his shoulders – a public display of affection he seldom offered – and John leaned gratefully against him.
John laughed, and the moment was light again, but after a bit Sherlock dropped his head back again, staring at the clouds, and John knew he’d not succeeded in distracting him from his thoughts.
John wanted to ask - and after the war? After Rosethorne? Are we going to share a bachelor’s flat in London? Have friends in common? Go to the theater? The symphony? Will my entire life be spent following you about London keeping you out of trouble and patching up your wounds?
John, still feeling a bit off after a long day of uncomfortable thoughts and feelings he couldn’t yet reconcile, was quite aware of the key in his pocket as he glanced warily at the crow. It was an ordinary looking bird, one of dozens or more than hung about the manor. It was impossible to know if it was the same bird that had scolded him earlier from the tree with the old treehouse platform, but the possibility seemed remote.
And the story spilled out. The locked gate, the overgrown garden within. The gate left ajar, and his peek into the second garden locked up within the first where Lestrade worked with clippers on the maze of living things.
She was flushed, clearly excited, as she continued, her voice still low. “I know you’ve tried to stay out of all of this, John – and it’s for the best, really. He’s – well, he’s unorthodox, on his best day, and you’re – well, look how much it upsets you to have him working out here. If you realised that everything – or nearly everything – is still in his head – why…”
They played several moves before John captured another piece. He’d had time to consider a new approach, and as he placed the knight beside the chessboard, he asked his question.
“I really thought it would blow all his circuitry when we told you last year,” Rosie said as she bypassed the curious crowd and led them inside to meet Molly.  “But he really took it quite well, all things considered.”
It was Molly’s voice, soft, gently chiding. He looked up to find her standing in the doorway. She smiled, and he smiled back wanly.
A locked door opposite the narrow stairway opened to another equally narrow stairway leading down. It was poorly lit, and John, who always struggled going down stairs with his bad leg, gripped the railing with a frown. The door at the bottom of the stairs was bolted as well, and Mrs. Hudson unlocked it with a shiny new key, opened it, and led the way into a large room used for storage. A half dozen dim bulbs illuminated the room. Old furniture lined the walls and spilled out into the center, while shelving held household items that had been retired but not discarded.
John’s eyes traveled from Sherlock to Hamish. The two-year old child was sucking happily on a dummy. John reached over and pulled it out.
“You first,” Sherlock says, passing a wrapped package to John. It fits easily in his hand, and is practically weightless. John smiles his thanks, then lifts the lid and removes the bubble wrap covering.
John flung open the bathroom door, shaving cream speckling his face. Sherlock had their grandson comfortably perched on his hip and his shirt had a white dribble down the shoulder.
He’d memorised the paths closest to the house well enough to walk them idly, passing the locked gate at the midpoint of his circuit. He was enjoying the sun, half-convincing himself that he liked it here at Rosethorne, that he wasn’t bored, wasn’t lonely, and put himself to puzzling out the Holmes brothers.
“You already know,” John answered at last, once he’d pushed past the unexpected panic. He studied the board for his next move. “Surely it was in Mycroft’s report - you know, the one that has things about me that I don’t even know?”
John frowned at the statement. “Sleep will help you with that clarity,” he insisted. “Your body needs it.
“Well then….” He pockets the phone and looks up at the man, taking in his military stance, the precision of his haircut, the way his shoes are lined up beside each other beside the bed.
“I’ve several ideas,” John said, casually uncrossing then recrossing his legs in the opposite direction, adjusting his position on the chair. Totally unnecessarily, of course. He was beginning to think the chair was designed specifically for him – for his height and proportions, for his predilection for reading the newspaper with legs crossed and tea at his elbow.
John doesn’t remember much about those first days, and barely recalls the accident at all. What came before he remembers, though without the anger and frustration of the moment. They spend far too much time at the crime scene, and Sherlock is nearly insufferable with Lestrade’s people. When he gets in a snit with Anderson as they are finally headed to the door, John announces he is leaving, gives Sherlock a last significant look – and leaves.
into the silent man’s world. To sit with him as he worked, and feed the squirrels nuts from his pocket.
“Remind my brother I’m being honoured for defusing a situation I walked into blindly, as a private citizen,” Mycroft said without rancor. “And that my award does nothing to diminish his.”
“Oxford or Cambridge?” asks the short man he’s facing – he doesn’t know his name, but he’s fascinated by his clear eyes and confident bearing.
“Or months. No matter – we’re both going to die eventually Sherlock. Where do you want to scatter my ashes?”
He knew Holmes was trying to rile him – but wondered, briefly, if the man was jealous, or desired the woman himself. He chose to ignore the second question and answer the first. “Objection? Not specifically. Though it would be easier to make a decision about her suitability for release if I knew why she was here to begin with.”
“And where in the hell did they get a pilot who’d let newbies jump by themselves, anyway?” John continued in the same desperate hiss. “We should be tandem jumping.”
“That’s another question,” he said. He looked at the bishop Sherlock had just moved, then studied the configuration of pieces around it. He touched his knight, then moved it along its L-shaped path to capture a pawn. “And I believe it’s my turn.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I must say I was quite surprised to see it again. I’m certain it’s the same – you’ll surely guess that I was wrong – the key didn’t fit that lock, and it became nothing but a child’s toy – we kept it in the treehouse, and obviously left it there when we left at the end of the summer. Odd that it’s remained there all these years, but then again, where would it go on its own? As I said earlier, it’s too large for a crow to carry off.”
Sherlock had stopped pretending to look out the window. John watched, as one might look on helplessly as two trains head for an inevitable collision, as Sherlock turned his head and met Molly’s eyes.
“Common wizarding name,” John said, trying to cover for whatever they’d just inadvertently uncovered.
“You’re getting pulled in? To what they say?” John deduced, though this conclusion wasn’t much of a leap. “And that’s distracting you from your goal.”
He thought he heard something – the tread of a foot, the squeak of the old floors beneath the carpet – but when he turned his head there was nothing, no one, there. Colours danced on the carpet where the sun shone through the streets of London scene, and he followed them to the door.
“I thought you were banned from the drivers’ compartments for life,” Rosie commented innocently. The plane started to roll forward and she sighed. “Finally!”
How the hell had this conversation even happened? John didn’t want to discuss his dead wife, his marriage, or his reasons for getting married in the first place. He’d expected that Sherlock would be explaining what part Molly was going to play in this new project of Sherlock’s, and why he’d chosen her to come to Rosethorne in the first place.
“Don’t bother, you idiot.” John ran his hand through Sherlock’s wispy hair. “I went along with your cock and bull story, but no robber worth his salt would steal my jumpers.”
“He’s a wiz-fit too. They’ve spilled the chutes to open after ten seconds of free-fall. And Al’s uncle is down there – the red-headed one. He’s going to guide us in if we drift out over the channel.”
“So – you’re seeing something you didn’t see before. Something important, or it wouldn’t be gnawing on you all the time like it is. So why don’t you pitch it to Mycroft and the others? Let me tell them you can’t continue like you’ve been going at it. Your seizures haven’t slowed down since you started – you’re having far more than you used to and we all know it has to do with the work.”
They stared at each other for a long moment, and Sherlock was the first to look away. He dropped his head back and closed his eyes.
Lestrade didn’t seem discomfited as Sherlock both dissected and analyzed him. If anything, he seemed to relax more the longer Sherlock spoke, his posture easing, his hands gradually unclenching and dropping loosely to his sides.
“Thank you.” With effort, John kept the amusement he felt from registering on his face. This was the strangest meeting he’d ever endured. Sherlock was completely unpredictable, and that unpredictability was beginning to make life interesting again.
John sighed. Sherlock was going to kill him for letting Mycroft touch his precious microscope. However, Sherlock wasn’t here, and had willingly abandoned the flat leaving John and Mycroft alone here.
“Anything’s possible,” Molly said. She looked over toward Lestrade and Al, at the maze with its sea serpents and lions, unicorns and ladybugs, and at the garden around it all. “At least here – in this garden.”
He’d been at Rosethorne Manor a month when he found the second locked door. This one, however, didn’t remain locked for very long at all.
They hid the chair behind a stand of azaleas, left the lap rug and suit coat folded up on the seat, but Sherlock kept the hat as John - somewhat reluctantly - led him through the garden paths to the gate he’d found so early in his meanderings here at Rosethorne.
And with that, he pounded his small hands on the ground and proceeded to throw a spectacular tantrum while John stood by helplessly, fingering his wand and wondering how long a tantrum had to proceed before one was justified in ending it with a Petrificus Totalus.
John let out a long breath as he relaxed again into the chair, this very lovely chair that seemed to have been made with his proportions and comfort in mind. Amusing and unpredictable as this game of Sherlock’s seemed to be, he was tired and really preferred to deal with the fall-out of Irene Adler’s disappearance after a good night’s sleep.
“Wait – honorees? What are you talking about?” John frowned and looked suspiciously at Sherlock. “What exactly haven’t you told me yet, Sherlock?
Sherlock was studying him now as if he were a rare specimen, an insect pinned to a board. He looked oddly pleased at John’s turn-about, despite the fact he wasn’t getting the answers he apparently wanted.
“This doesn’t have to be a game, you realise,” he said. “I’m quite happy to practice, and you could just tell me about Sholto.”
They were the kings of the world, princes and thieves. Robin Hood and his merry men, Peter Pan and the lost boys.
“Let her sleep a bit more – She finally nodded off thirty minutes ago – those reporters ought to be hauled in for disturbing the peace. Now go on up and deal with him, won’t you? And good – you’ve remembered the milk.”
“I can’t cure him,” John insisted. “And he’s making everything more difficult already by fighting off the natural impulse to sleep.”
He was brusque – professional, but not friendly. Probably accustomed to chauffeuring Holmes and his high-placed friends and family. He waited for John to extract himself from the vehicle and right himself with his cane, not attempting to help him, then followed him to the door, carrying the two suitcases.
“Alright,” Sherlock said. He’d been fiddling with the folio, and he aligned it now so it was precisely parallel to the edge of the table. He glanced at John, a look on his face that John could not interpret. “I suppose we’re going outside, then? I could use some fresh air.”
Sherlock circled the old maze with Lestrade beside him, hands constantly moving, admiring a bird with outstretched winds riding atop the head of a dolphin like a figurehead on a ship, then a mermaid sitting atop a monstrous sea-turtle. It was like watching clouds, John thought, the more he studied it. Shapes of greens instead of whites that morphed into new beings when you turned your head, when the wind blew.
“It’s mostly an inconvenience,” Sherlock acknowledged. He grew more serious. “It’s betrayed me on more than one occasion.”
John’s idea, when it came, didn’t come all at once. It took its time to worm its way around his brain as the pieces all began to fall together.
No – it was his behavior. His clear disdain for authority. His subversiveness in working against his brother in the Irene Adler affair. His unpredictability. It was the whole idea of this complex, creative and obviously brilliant man subjected to the random attacks of the brain that was so obviously his most prized asset.
And while this scenario was highly improbable given that Severus always wore boots and Sherlock never miscalculated, and that the mere thought of bending while trussed up with a pack on your back and leather straps between your legs was off-putting, Severus was wearing trainers for the jump and the plane was very bumpy and under all these circumstances, one shoelace looked a great deal like another.
He’d left everyone else behind, long ago. He’d left his previous life behind when he’d lost Mary, when he’d slipped over the edge of anger, when he’d joined up and marched himself into discipline, and order, and predictability. It was a penance, self-imposed, as harsh as he could make it, and he’d paid a high price to end up here at Rosethorne.
him. He had the oddest sensation that his skin was transparent, that his thoughts were words spinning around his head. But when he looked at her, it was like trying to see through muddy waters into a cloud-filled sky.
. And no – the occasional odd vocabulary Al used was just a curiosity, not a matter of national security worthy of Mycroft’s investigation. So he called a dog a crup. It was probably an odd Scottish breed.  And it was smuggle, not muggle – Sherlock really should get his hearing checked.
“What do you mean?” John settled onto one of the two benches that he had built, with a bit of reluctant help from Sherlock, from the next boards they’d scavenged from the shed. Unfortunately, it was his first bench, not the much-improved  second, the one with the slightly off-kilter proportions. The seat canted back nicely for the much taller Sherlock, but left John’s feet with toes barely touching the ground
“Sherlock’s health?” John glanced around the table, frowning, understanding that whatever it was Sherlock was involved in before his accident had enough importance to attract three officers to Rosethorne.
He pocketed it nonetheless, and continued walking. The key might be useless, but it was an interesting story, one that perhaps Sherlock could suss out later tonight in the garden.
“It wasn’t like this before. It’s not that I don’t have focus – I have endless focus, it seems, to research German dialect and regional food preparation techniques. And soil! I find myself constantly fascinated by the mud on my shoe – how it smells, and tastes. If it’s more sand or clay, loamy or rich with vegetation. Which led me to tobacco ash, and from tobacco ash to tobacco itself. The smell of it on a man’s jacket can tell me where he’s been, with whom he’s been traveling. It’s so distracting I’ve had to build an entirely new system to catalogue tobacco ash, and another for soils.”
you!” He stood up with sudden resolve, put his hands on his hips and stomped his right foot in its diminutive dragon-hide boot. “Take me to Mummy NOW!”
He reached for another sandwich, helping himself to two then topping off his tea. He was aware, as he added milk and methodically stirred it in, that the room had become very quiet.
things. Bits of information. Facts. Data. Hair colour. Eye colour. The fabric of your dressing gown. The particular shade of the flesh of your lower arms. I observe how you walk, how you talk, your choice of words, the variance in your vocabulary. Before -
“Oh?” he asked. He hadn’t worked out why she’d initially been so unwelcoming. “And what exactly did you expect?”
John shrugged. “Jumpers are comfortable.” He made his way out of the kitchen and over to his chair, sinking down onto it and pulling Sherlock’s ottoman toward him with one foot. “I’ll invite him up for dinner next week – Mrs. Hudson did ask us to look after her place. We should know who’s renting it.”
Holmes stood, hands held rigidly at his sides, and stared into the abandoned play yard he’d been regarding for several minutes already. His face was unreadable, but John thought he saw a struggle there.
“Hullo,” she returned, eying Sherlock who was peering inside the flat where voices floated out from the kitchen. “We’re sorry to bother you – I suppose he’s not used to carrying so much weight.”
It’s elusive, this ending he can’t yet claim, and he knows it’s not the end of everything, but the beginning of everything else.  He can’t know if John reciprocates, doesn’t know if what he sees in his eyes, what he hears in his voice, the frisson he feels in the very air they share – if any of these things mean that John wants him too.
“Are you sure you don’t need me?” John asked, not particularly anxious to see what a bat bogey hex did to a person. Thank God Sherlock wasn’t here – wild horses and Severus’ wand combined wouldn’t keep him from examining a hex-ridden Scorpius Malfoy.
“Right.” Al appeared relieved to change the subject. “She’s the youngest of seven – well, six now. Fred was killed in the war. He and George were twins – George is the one with only one ear. Anyway, mum’s the only girl.”
John ignored him. “Slippers, Sherlock. But bring a pair of shoes as well – you can wedge them in the chair beside you.”
It worked quickly, leaving a very bewildered, grown-up, full-sized, completely naked Mycroft Holmes in a jumble of limbs and blankets on the floor.
“My move?” asked Sherlock that first day, the day John let out the breath he’d been holding for half his life. He’d proceeded to win the game in seven moves, then set the board up again and addressed John softly as he carefully lined up pawns and pieces precisely in the center of each square.
John smiled at the thought. They seldom made it through the tunnel now without stopping to lean against the earthen wall, to kiss each other in the darkness, to touch each other through their clothes and sometimes skin to skin. They’d found a comfortable nook in the cottage, a cubby hole of sorts between two bedrooms, windowless and even more private than the rest of the forgotten building. But always their private time was hurried, moments borrowed from the business of the day, constrained by the ticking of the clock and the downward journey of the sun.
He pushed thoughts of another life away and affected the look that had become his daily mask – a look of dutiful attention, focus on the other, complete detachment from himself.
He hadn’t played in years, not since he’d left home, but there’d been a time when he’d played nearly every day – forced practice when he was very young, when he’d rather have been outdoors with the other boys, then those months – those years – when he’d play every evening for his mother as her cancer took her slowly, painfully, away.
“Where’d he go? Where’s Harry?” he asked, his little face screwing up in concern. “He can’t leave me
“What?” He was having great difficulty thinking clearly – he’d been sleeping deeply when he’d been so rudely interrupted.
“No she didn’t,” Sherlock corrects, eyes still on the prize he’s scored by beating John up the stairs and meeting a haggard-looking Rosie at the door, having left John to navigate the stairs on his own after calling back “Take your time with the stairs” as he raced up two at a time. He brushes the soft wisps of brown hair back from the baby’s forehead and traces his finger along the scant hairline.
He hadn’t missed that statement. It, and the details of his past experience with epileptic seizures – he would educate Billy later on about his use of the term
“No. No – of course not.” John’s grip on his teacup tightened. “Patients such as your brother may show improvement over years.”
“Sherlock – you know he could just reach in through the crib and take it out of her mouth. He’s been obsessed with that thing since she came home from hospital.”
It’s every bit as inviting as it looks, and they slide sideways into retirement in Sussex without hoopla or fanfare.
They passed in the entry hall, and he instinctively reached out to take her arm. Not yet fully recovered from her illness, she was clearly overtired and weakened by the long day.
“With my condition.” Holmes made the word sound derisive. “No. You most certainly are not the first. But sleep is impossible – no, exceedingly difficult. And please – John – Mr. Holmes is currently ensconced in a bunker somewhere beneath Parliament winning the war for England.  Do call me Sherlock.”
John backs out through the door, and Sherlock follows, crossing the threshold into a neat-as-a-pin flat, oddly appointed with a skull on the mantel and anatomy notes pinned to a wall. There’s a quirky sort of Victorian wallpaper behind the sofa, and a walking stick against the door.
In which John takes Mycroft to Hogwarts, Minerva keeps Mycroft occupied, John meets a dragon keeper and Sherlock gets Jealous.
“Scorpius!” Severus’ voice was icy and low. The young man stopped pleading. All John could hear was heavy breathing.
John grinned as he wiggled experimentally on the bench, much as Sherlock had when he’d first sat down. It swayed a few inches in each direction, side to side, and John shook his head. “I suppose you’re not going to let me claim a crippled hand as excuse.”
“Miss Adler,” John repeated, looking up at Holmes with what he hoped was a neutral look. He waited, and Holmes looked at him disapprovingly, as if he expected John to better uphold his end of the conversation.
“How did this even happen, Sherlock?” John had elbowed himself back in until he stood directly below Sherlock.
“Ah – noted.” Sherlock hummed a bit as he continued to press his toes into John’s oh-so-familiar leg. “Rose and William and I will buy a hot-air balloon. We won’t need to dispense with the pilot because William will learn how to navigate. We’ll scatter you over the Channel and perhaps the currents will carry you to Argentina.
“No – it was much more complicated than that,” Sherlock called out from the kitchen. “Now stop asking impertinent questions and tell us something about your mum instead.”
Something even more selfless than killing a man, taking a life to protect her and giving up his own as forfeit.
“She couldn’t swim,” John said, still looking at the board and not at Sherlock. The statement felt weak. If fell flat between them.
John didn’t hear the next question, which seemed to come from George, but he definitely heard Mycroft’s answer.
Damn brilliant, really. And though he’d spent less than a day with the man, the thought of Sherlock Holmes in uniform, obeying orders, was such an impossibility that he discarded it as such.
He hurried out of the cottage before the other two men appeared, and made his way back to the venue where the extended Weasley/Potter families were finishing up their photos.
John opens his mouth to gently chide Sherlock – of course they’ll be here when Will goes through puberty. After all, he’s not much past sixty now and Sherlock’s a few years behind him. But the words die on his tongue, unvoiced. Instead, he shakes his head.
Then one day, while he’s fiddling with his violin, plucking strings that need to be changed and wishing John was here to tell him to play something quiet, the door to the kitchen swings open. He looks up in idle curiosity, and John Watson is standing at the door. He’s the John from another day, and he stands there in the doorway until Sherlock finds his voice.
“He’s a novelty,” John continued. “You’ve taught Rosie everything she knows – she’ll get over her obsession with Sev soon enough.”
Between one blink and the next, her finger squeezes the trigger and the bullet leaves her gun and furrows into his chest, stealing his breath from him and pulling every thread of his all points awareness back to himself. He stares down at the dark hole in his chest and manages only half a word as he topples backward like a felled tree.
He watched as Sherlock rolled slowly onto his stomach, then laboriously pushed himself up on hands and knees. He paused, took several deep breaths, then dropped into an awkward seated position against the bed, still breathing heavily. John watched him without offering to help, realising that the man wouldn’t appreciate being babied, and had doubtlessly righted himself from this same position dozens of times previous.
And it didn’t occur to him until he had put the lock on the outside gate back in place that Lestrade hadn’t been silent after all.
“This isn’t forcing anything,” Molly said gently. “Taking patients out for fresh air and sunshine is age-old therapy.” She canted her head and lowered her voice even more. “Did you – when you were injured…?”
Mycroft watched his brother’s face, but the only sign of distress was a brief bob of his Adam’s apple as he swallowed. He gave himself away, though, when he wiped his hand on his trousers before extending it to Mycroft.
“Tell me you want this, John,” he murmured as they stood there in the darkest of dark, unmoving, not touching,
They don’t talk about why John gave in – that’s a good thing. He doesn’t hold his injury over Sherlock’s head, would never do that – not now. Not after all they’ve been through to get over the enormous hurdle of their pasts. And especially not now – considering Sherlock already holds it over his own. He’s never forgiven himself. It’s a burden he carries with him, much as John carries the bullet in his lover’s heart. It will be a long time – a very long time – that John’s cane and John’s limp become a part of John and not a weight compressing Sherlock’s heart.
He glanced at John, then continued his story. “He picked out a suitable tree, one close to the locked garden – the one I mentioned before, John, that Grandfather had locked up.” He glanced at the key in his hand, and John imagined that the key might have opened the lock in the old gate. “I was fascinated by that garden, but Mycroft always warned me away – he told me the garden was haunted, that our grandmother was buried there and her ghost was trapped inside.  But oddly enough
He said the words softly – a contemplation more than an accusation – but John held his stance, and his gaze, biting back the reflex to ask what the
He sat on the floor beside Sherlock, bad leg stretched out awkwardly before him, and continued to rub his back, a gesture he wouldn’t have dared before today. The rhythmic motion calmed him as much as it soothed Sherlock. As Sherlock’s breathing became more regular, John took the time to study his surroundings. They were in the middle of what must be, from its size and layout, a dressing room, with a large window to the side and mirrors on every wall. The room suggested a faded sort of elegance, with gold-flecked wallpaper peeling away behind the beveled mirrors and cobwebs glazing the crystal chandelier overhead. The gauzy curtains at the window were nearly transparent, and beyond them, through the dusty glass, he could see the line of the ivy-covered garden wall.
John chanced another glance at Sherlock. His lips were tightly compressed, and he gave John no outward clue as to how he wished John to answer the question.
John had no illusions about homosexuality and the world at large. Some people they encountered would simply look the other way, and some would love and accept them no matter what, but there would always be those who would see their love as something perverse and abnormal – immoral, even illegal. If they intended to stay employed, enjoy a life together in London, and ensure their personal safety, a large degree of discretion would be necessary, despite Sherlock’s proclamation.
Lestrade lowered his head at the praise, and John was reminded that until just a few moments ago, this place had been Lestrade’s secret retreat, a work in progress that no one - at least as far as he knew - had seen, that no one had judged.
They’d sat there long after the game was over, sipping scotch they’d pilfered from Mycroft’s office, breaking in like two school boys, muffled whispers as Sherlock picked the lock, giggling like school boys as they secured their booty. They talked freely - no need for games at this point, when lips were loose and guts were warm with the drink, brains just beginning to blur at the edges.
God he must be bored! He’d become too accustomed to conflict these last years, he thought, to appreciate what a good thing he had here at Rosethorne.
Her relief was obvious as she smiled back at him. “Of course. Not a word. We all have our pasts, don’t we?” she said enigmatically.
Mycroft laughed. It wasn’t a jovial sound, or even a pleasant one. He laughed like someone unaccustomed to doing so, seemingly surprised at the unfamiliar sound escaping his body.
He looked up to find Sherlock Holmes’ strangely-coloured eyes staring at him. His mouth twitched  into what might have been an amused smile.
“The seizures are severe,” he stated at last. “Though he comes out of them more lucid than I’d have expected.”
“And no, there really isn’t anything we aren’t telling you,” Al reassured him. “Most children with at least one magical parent are magical themselves, but not always. Severus’ father was a Mug – I mean a Muppet.”
“I was under the impression that you actually wanted your Mind Palace back again. Which is precisely why I’ve been hauling your arse outside because there doesn’t seem to be any other way to get you to rest your brain for even a minute. And for my efforts, I get this.” He held out his right hand, now swollen to enormous proportions.
“Charlie – the unmarried Weasley. He kept your wand for you all those years. Here for – hmm. Quidditch practice. Not his own children – obviously. Nieces or nephews. Or both. You had a reunion. Talked about old times. Made plans for a pint at the Leaky Cauldron and wanted to be sure I didn’t run off without Mycroft. Well, I have news for you, Dr. Watson.” His voice had lowered to that dangerous pitch that John found as stimulating as a surprise shag in the shower. “I have plans for you this evening – plans that do not include brawny dragon trainers who smell of dung!”
He couldn’t exactly tell her he’d been looking forward to spending the time with Sherlock. To make plans like they had that one tipsy, light-headed evening. As if they were children again, with no cares or worries or looming battles. That he’d thought about the time they’d spend together cutting the wood, nailing it together, just the two of them like two boys hiding out from their parents, carving out their secret, hidden place in the world. No, he couldn’t tell Molly that he’d wanted, as well, to give Sherlock – who by all accounts had had nearly anything he’d wanted as a child – the one fantastical thing that he’d wanted yet never had. Something like that from
- died there with his father off in prison and his mother sick and dying and David dead and buried. There’d been no more room after that for what he wanted. What
,” she said, her soft voice rising. “Mr. Holmes told me I was to meet my new patient – he told me I’m to start working with him now.” She spared a glance at John at last. “Lies work best when they’re built inside of a truth. You’ve not been minding Mr. Holmes’ sick grandfather but his
“Well, it didn’t exactly go as planned,” Molly said as John sank gratefully onto the bench beside her. “I’d hoped to get him interested in working the earth in the beds around the maze and planting some of the bulbs Greg’s got waiting. Maybe even carrying some of the smaller paving stones. But he took one look at the maze and that was that. He latched on to Greg like a puppy dog – I think I could have danced naked in front of him and he’d only have had eyes for Greg and his menagerie.”
“Which explains quite a bit about my grandfather, I think. He was the legitimate heir, but perhaps not the most loved, perhaps not even the first-born.”
He’d turned his mobile off until noontime, and when he turned it on he looked at John’s blog on a whim.
“But with his father…” Molly began, but she faltered at John’s look. “Right. It’s not the same.” She squared her shoulders and looked sagely at John. “Still, he’ll be able to do
John must have shouted as he hurried over to him, though he didn’t remember having done so. Sherlock was clearly convulsing, and John struggled to roll him onto his side, his hands painful, weak and useless. He ended up hefting him over with his shoulder leveraged against his side, panting as he struggled to make sure Sherlock was in a proper position to keep his airways open.
“Couldn’t you have done that ten minutes ago?” Sherlock asked as he and Severus packed up their respective chutes, his now back to normal size.
” Sherlock sighed and blew out a frustrated breath. “It’s distracting me from my goal – yes. But at the same time, it’s giving me ideas. A mystery to solve that seems even more pressing, John. I know you can’t see it. You have no idea what I’m on about. But each and every one of these transmissions has clues – insights into the enemy’s mind. Taken singularly, they offer nothing but snippets, like random lines pulled from a Shakespearean tragedy. No context, save a character name or familiar place. But then imagine you’re given a dozen lines pulled from Shakespeare’s entire works, then a dozen more, then a dozen again and again. Even if you’re not familiar with his opus, you’ll start to see patterns, clues both obvious and hidden. And you’d be caught up in it, wouldn’t you? Sorting out Romeo and Juliet from Hamlet from Richard III. You’d want to know what comes next, even though you might not have all the pieces of what actually came before. And there are clues – so many clues. That’s how great tragedies work out, you see. The end is always the same – but the path to that end can have a million different variables. And every choice – every one, deliberate and accidental – affects that path. It’s course, it’s length, the number of forks and turns and dead ends.” He swept his hand out to indicate the old hedge maze that Lestrade had begun to transform into a thing of wonder. “Like a maze, John. Do you see?”
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow and resumed fiddling with the violin. He hummed softly to himself, something John recognised but could not name.
She leveled a steely stare at him, then whirled around and continued purposefully down the passage, stopping in front of the last door on the left.
“Two weeks,” Mycroft said, not waiting for John to complete his question. “I’ve kept it clean and dry, as instructed.”
“His powers to break eardrums while he charms old ladies?” John smiled and held out his arms. Hamish obligingly leaned forward and held his own arms out to John.
Two chairs, two pipes, two pair of slippers on opposite sides of the fireplace. The London paper on John’s table, and the local from York on Sherlock’s chair. A radio, a violin, a small piano with sheet music in the bench. Photographs on the mantel – John’s mum, Molly and Greg in wedding finery, Mrs. Hudson with the children. Two separate men, two seemingly separate lives. But in the evenings, Sherlock would sometimes sit on the floor in front of John’s chair, nestled back between his legs, reading a medical text book on human anatomy, or entreating John to come to London with him to find a cursed necklace stolen from the neck of a visiting dignitary. John would always protest – he had patients to see, and work to do here – but he never said no, and off they’d go. A week or two of London air made Rosethorne all the sweeter, and they’d lie in bed with the windows open when they returned, and fall asleep thinking they were the only two men left in the world.
“Problem?” John frowned at the screen and backspaced to remove the random characters left by the phone’s impact on his keyboard. It wasn’t exactly unusual that Sherlock would throw his expensive mobile phone across the room, and he usually did aim for the sofa so that he could have the satisfaction of throwing it without the probability of damaging it beyond repair. But he seemed particularly vexed this time and didn’t move to recover his device quickly as was his custom in such snits.
be, in fact. Nor could he be speaking so well so fast - he should be disoriented for quite a bit longer.
“I doubt I’ll ever get to know him well enough to judge,” John said. “I’ve not yet seen him lucid. At this point, we’re just trying to keep him comfortable.”
He understands, rather late, that John hasn’t only missed 221B. He’s missed Sherlock – this Sherlock. It’s a welcome spot of normal in their upside-down world.
Sherlock blinked. He cocked his head, wincing as the bump rubbed against the mattress, and studied John with a frown.
“Hey Sherlock,” she said. “Al made an appointment next week for a fitting for all the men in the wedding party.”
“Well, I suppose that’s that,” she said, folding the paper and tucking it into her apron pocket. Molly looked troubled, and Mrs. Hudson looked like she didn’t believe her own announcement at all.
“Look, so what if we can’t figure him out? He’s not a criminal. He’s done nothing wrong. He was thoroughly vetted by the agency leasing the flat.”
Sherlock blinked back tears inside his goggles. When his bumble-bee patterned chute deployed and pulled him into an upright position, the cuff buttons on his drop sleeves mercifully no longer were whipping up into his face, beating his cheek to a pulp like an aggressive grasshopper with boxing gloves.  He breathed a sigh of relief – he couldn’t complain about the destruction of his razor-sharp cheekbones when he’d gone on and on about the very same buttons that had since turned on him. He took a moment to look around to watch the dozen other spots of colour floating and soaring against the clear blue sky.
“Yea!” exclaimed Mycroft. He skipped a few paces then looked over his shoulder back at John. “What’s a Burrow?”
He was interrupted mid-sentence by heavy footsteps on the stairs followed by a firm rap on the door and a loud high-pitched shriek.
“Well, this one needs a bit of ironing,” said Sherlock. He’d converged on Al as soon as he and John had arrived and had commandeered the baby. Hamish Arthur was all of fourteen hours old and had been peacefully sleeping in his father’s arms.
He opened his eyes, blinking back sleep. He focused on the figure before him, mouth dropping open in surprise when he saw who it was.
“Liar,” laughed John. But Sherlock wasn’t laughing, and the look on his face told John he wasn’t joking either. “Irene? So – you – did you…?” He wished it didn’t bother him so much. They all had their pasts, after all, and Sherlock was just as deserving of lovers as John.
He thought of it as planning, though. Covering all contingencies. He’d learned early in his life that he must always have a plan. He must always be aware of his circumstances, his surroundings. He would attract far less suspicion if he was never caught slinking around, slipping off without a goodbye, disappearing and reappearing at odd hours. It took a good deal of care, and discipline, and certainly planning, to have secrets.
“Just stop it, you two,” Rosie said with a laugh.  She looked around and gave a happy sight, then executed a perfect spin with her arms spread out. “Home!” she exclaimed. “It’s so good to be back.”
Some effort was still made around the main terrace, where the herb and flower beds were being maintained and the grass and weeds pulled away from the edges of the walks. Someone was trimming the hedges here too – someone with a steady hand and an artistic touch. The first hedgerow was low and wide, and cut so that it curved down and out, giving the appearance of blending seamlessly into the endless moors behind it. The hedgerow seemed to be part of the landscape – not something that separated the manor from the land beyond.
“I’m guessing you won’t need my help,” John said as they stepped into the laundry area through the side door.
“Oh, it worked,” she said with a feral smile. “Or it certainly would have had Mycroft been more balanced. I don’t think we anticipated fully what a couple months of captivity might do to him.”
He learned long ago that trying to to talk to John when he’s in a mood is quite useless. No arguing. No reasoning. Logical words are wasted when John’s mind is made up.
“Mr. Holmes called me in before he left this morning,” Molly told John as she led the way down a passageway on the west wing. She’d interrupted his after-lunch walk, intercepting him as he’d veered off the garden path beside the manicured hedges, and crisply informed him that he was needed inside. He’d assumed there was a medical emergency of some sort, and had followed her without question, but she’d skirted the infirmary and headed instead for the other wing of the manor. He kept pace behind her her, frowning, watching her back as she walked with determined purpose, and stepped back in surprise as she suddenly whirled around to face him.
Rosie surprises them with an unannounced visit the following Friday evening, and after hugs and kisses they catch up over dinner. Sherlock brings out the folio as they settle in with coffee after.  He’s already thrown out the multi-level property with the public footpath crossing the property, but left in the cottage that needs extensive repairs. John looks suspicious, but consents to looking up each property on his mobile and scrolls through the photos, and Rosie leans over his shoulder and offers an occasional “Oh Dad – that’s just lovely.”
He expected to see Greg Lestrade, or the old gardener from the village who came now and then to help out, but it was Mycroft Holmes who was approaching, dressed in traveling clothes, and looking completely out of place despite being the master of the manor.
Rosie reached over and squeezed John’s hand. “Dad, you’re going to love this. Stop thinking about it. We were sure Sherlock would be the problem up here – we didn’t do any contingency planning for you.”
to be. He was dangerous, John. The most dangerous man I’ve ever known. More so even than my brother.”
“Your transport?” John asked. “You mean – your body. That’s all it is to you, then? A way of moving your brain around?”
They dismissed him after a bit more discussion of the logistics of the couriers and communications. He’d refused to budge on a more lenient schedule for Sherlock, knowing it would be nearly impossible to keep Sherlock from doing exactly what he wanted to do. If he became too engrossed in the project, he’d certainly overtax himself and ultimately lose more than he gained.
“As if he’s going to forget.” Sherlock took John’s hand and tugged him across the corridor, then pressed him up against the door and kissed him on the mouth. It was a long kiss, a lingering kiss, unhurried and thorough. Sherlock hadn’t a care in the world that they were standing in a dark corridor, leaning against his brother’s bedchamber door, and it was impossible for John to be bothered by it either, not with Sherlock’s lips on his, with Sherlock’s body pressing him against the cool wood.
Harry Potter, dressed to move invisibly about London in casual Muggle clothing, slipped inside, tugging a small child by the hand. The child was nattily dressed in pressed trousers and cashmere jumper and pulled against his hand aggressively.
“Lestrade,” he choked out, scrabbling at the earth with his fingers, trying to get purchase enough to right himself. “I – I – John?”
The smile he gave her this time around was genuine, and there was something akin to respect in his eyes.
William opens his eyes a few minutes later, but only after a dissatisfied scrunch and stretch. He doesn’t cry – not yet, at least – but John fetches the bottle Rosie’s left for this feeding and warms it in a cup of hot water. He’s back before five minutes are up, the bottle at just the right temperature, and Sherlock repositions the beautiful bundle of baby in the crook of his arm and expertly feeds him one-handed, as if he’d spent the last six months practicing for this moment.
John found the openings in his own robes but couldn’t for the life of him understand how this was going to work.
John glanced over at Sherlock, who was sitting cross-legged on the grass tinkering with his violin. He thought, oddly wistful, of his original intent of distracting Sherlock from the problem of rebuilding his Mind Palace with the hands-on project of designing and building the pirate ship treehouse he’d never quite managed as a child. Finding a perfectly preserved treehouse at the guest cottage, no matter that it was designed and built for a different long-ago boy, seemed to have satisfied any lingering childhood fancy for Sherlock. Oh, he’d been happy enough to help John dismantle the garden shed and carry the wood here, but he’d not taken to the activity as John has hoped he would, and seemed happier watching Greg at work, or even picking up a pair of hedge clippers himself from time to time.
Sherlock wears the scarf the rest of the day, and John hangs moon and sun and rose in the window. As the sun sets, it prisms through the glass and the room dances in coloured light, a stained glass tableau of Christmas peace.
They looked at each other for a long moment, then John smiled and Molly’s eyes shone before she looked quickly back at the file. “Let’s just say he’s getting quite a bit of therapy for that hand.”
John had been in the service far too long to feel betrayed by what most would consider a breach of confidence. Holmes was a civilian, after all, high-placed or not, and obviously knew even more about John’s injuries – physical and traumatic – than he’d so far revealed to John. He wondered who else besides Mrs. Hudson knew.
.” He gazed at John with unabashed interest. “And quite astute about my brother, though that certainly not something he advertises publicly. Odd that you picked it up.”
“Go on?” John frowned, thinking he’d done about as much as he could given the time of night and his lack of sleep. But when Sherlock just continued looking at him, devoting all of his attention now to John, considerable brain no longer distracted by the violin, John couldn’t help but try a bit more. “Alright. Kidnapping is a crime. The local constables will be involved. Not knowing a thing about me, they’ll be predisposed to believe whatever she wrote in this alleged letter.” He emphasized the word alleged, frowning at Sherlock as he said it, but Sherlock only smiled, clearly pleased.
“Captain Watson – good of you to join us,” Holmes said, perfunctorily straightening a stack of paper before him.
“Is that the key?” Sherlock murmured sleepily as the key ring jingled in Lestrade’s hand. “The key to my grandmother’s garden?”
Brilliant. He’d just been led him through a torturous mental obstacle course at three o’clock in the morning. Sherlock Holmes might be brilliant, but it wasn’t the first word on John Watson’s mind at the moment.
Mycroft began marching back and forth at the end of the bed, in lecture mode. “You said we were going to visit the Weasley family today, at their home in Ottery St. Catchpole.” He stopped, staring at John, eyes accusatory. When John didn’t immediately respond, he straightened his small back and lifted his chin. “You said they have a practice Quidditch pitch and
, standing beside John, serious and tense, following John’s lead and even completing a row of neat sutures with John’s guidance.
It was unctuous and predictable. John wandered, not for the first time, what everyone saw in the too-thin, too-blonde, pompous, pretentious youngster.
John bit his lip as he considered a reply, keeping a lid on the vitriol that threatened to spill forth. “And that traditional physician-turned-field-doctor could not have begun to set that arm without Sherlock’s assistance. You probably recall it was Sherlock who set those sutures as well. You only keep half a physician here, Mycroft. You’re not only fortunate Sherlock was here to help, but that he was willing, and that he has the confidence to take on a task outside his realm of experience.”
“Did you, by any chance, write the letter I requested?” Mycroft asked. He may have appeared matter of fact, but John knew he was anything but.
He should not have been capable of this type of conversation – banter, sarcasm, wit. But since John couldn’t force him to sleep, he might at least utilise this time more to his own benefit.
He heard the bathroom door creak open then shut, and he leaned against the doorframe and blew out a breath, trying to steady himself.
“We’ve got a honeymoon cottage picked out in Sussex,” Rosie continued, ignoring Sherlock and Severus. “We’ll land in front of it, fronting the ocean and have the ceremony right there. Close family only – that’s Aunt Harry, Uncle Mycroft, Gran Hudson, Aunt Molly and well – just about everyone here.”
“I did. Once.” He slid onto the bench and, unable to stop touching the lovely instrument, picked out the melody of a popular wartime song.
His eyes were closed. His face was pale. He looked utterly exhausted. He was speaking with a cadence which was surely slower than was normal, though still clipped and precise. He’d just suffered through a series of seizures and was alone in his room with a man he’d never before met.
“Scorpius – tell me the truth, and I’ll drop this. But you are to go out, pose for the photos, be your charming self then make your exit. Understood?”
The other man has found his voice. Sherlock freezes.  His hand is still on the doorknob, his eyes on the man as he stops walking, pausing only steps away from him.
“He doesn’t speak, you know,” she told John in a hushed voice. “He hasn’t – not since before he came here, Dr. Watson. Something happened – something that
“Ah – right. Of course.” John dug for the file in question and opened it on the desk. He’d reviewed all of the files that morning after his brisk, wake-up shower. Brewton had suffered second degree burns over his back and buttocks and several badly fractured bones in his hand – but the injuries occurred nearly three months previous. The man was young and otherwise healthy - his broken bones should certainly have been on the mend, and his skin returned to normal. There was nothing in the file, in fact, to explain why he was at Rosethorne when he could be returned to his unit. “I’ve read his file. As there seems to be absolutely nothing there to explain his continued stay here, I’m guessing he’s someone’s son.”
Just like it didn’t make it right for a man to steal an easy kiss – or more – from an intoxicated woman at a party.
John scolded himself for his selfish attitude, and determined to reexamine his priorities. Men were dying out there - hundreds of them, thousands. Men he’d worked with, who’d had his back. Men who didn’t sit at a chessboard in the evening, playing silly games, spending time thinking about themselves,
“How are you feeling?” John asked after checking Sherlock’s head to see if he’d hit it when he fell.
A document was passed across to John in a sealed manila envelope. Sherlock watched its progress from Sholto’s fingers to John’s, frowning. John saw him look up at his brother, and caught Mycroft’s quick head shake.
“Could you give me a hand?” he called out. “He got so excited when he found this gate he started convulsing. He’s hurt his arm.”
John didn’t reply. He agreed with Sherlock about Anderson, though he thought Sholto more acceptable as he was than Sherlock did. As Sherlock had turned his attention away, back to the folio, John began to walk the perimeter of the below-ground room, examining the work space more closely before he condemned the room and demanded consideration of Sherlock’s infirmities.
But Sherlock was looking at Rosie now, too, and didn’t seem to hear John, nor was he put out any longer that no one cared about his buttons.
“One of them anyway,” Rosie answered. She stuck out her hand with a confident smile. “I’m Rose Watson.”
to return to his post. The major who’d lost his left eye and his right leg below the knee. The last patient – a woman, much to John’s surprise – whose position with the British government was classified.
“No one knows,” Al corrected, shaking his head. “It’s a magical registry with a magical pen. It only gets checked when it’s time to send out the year’s letters.”
Too long since he’d kissed a man, since he’d felt the scrape of beard on his cheek and long fingers on his jaw. Too long since he’d had to battle for control, since the body grinding against his own had been hard and angular, all hips and thigh and lean muscles and strong arms.
“No,” John said, when Sherlock tried to duck into a ready-to-wear men’s robe shop. “You don’t have the right money.”
John laughs. “You berk. You … you ….” He reaches out and tugs on the end of the scarf, tightening it around Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock grins.
“Forgot to be worried, didn’t you?” the instructor said as they all stood on the ground waiting for Sherlock. John, like Molly and Arthur, had not quite landed on his feet, but was upright and laughing with the others as the giant bird glided to a gentle landing in a field adjacent to the airstrip – a field filled with goats, most of which immediately accosted Sherlock and began nibbling at the parachute.
John glanced around as he took his seat, knowing that the absence of the officers who’d arrived earlier was not accidental and that his questioning would not follow the same script as Molly’s had.
“He did. He trusts you, John. He trusts me - he always has, though he’s suspicious by nature, given his profession especially. He’s always seen me as something like a younger brother, someone to keep out of trouble. But he sees that you are trying to help me regain my footing, so to speak. I assure you we will be welcome in the garden, and we may go there from now on during out outings.”
He didn’t particularly want to dredge up memories of North Africa, or of the conditions under which he’d had to work. He had no desire to revisit memories of the injury that had nearly killed him, that ended not just his active military career, but his active career all the way around. And what man in his right mind would want to hear about treating bullet wounds caked with sand and grit?
“Mycroft?” John pushed up beside Sherlock, eyes on Lestrade. “He’s not here, Greg – he’s in London.”
Mrs. Hudson, however, hurried away without complaint, happy, John thought, to escape without further discussion of the mysterious invalid. He decided to ask Molly about it – she’d been here longer than he had and got along well with the other staff. Part of him hated to stir things up – caring for invalids was difficult, tedious work and he was rather enjoying spending his free time exploring the grounds and picking at the piano instead of tending to an invalid. Yet another part of him wondered about the locked doors and gates, the sheet music in the music room, and the footsteps he’d heard in the corridor that day Molly had introduced him to the piano.
“So…..” he began, unsure of just exactly how he would make this very obvious argument. “All those clothes in the wardrobe in our bedroom – you’ve outgrown them?”
It’s Friday, he’s had a taxing week at the A&E, and Rosie has already gone to Molly’s to mind the boys for the evening.
to do that – before you were injured. And you filed all the information in your Mind Palace. Your plan was to use all this data to create a super code – the code of all codes.”
“I’ll stay with him until morning – I can sleep on the sofa,” he said, clearing his throat. “You should go back to bed – both of you. I’ll be fine.”
Sherlock buttoned the jacket and turned sideways, examining himself in profile. “This is marvelous, John.” He fingered the collar of his shirt. “Club collar. Very Edwardian. So, where’s your disguise?” He strode over to the wardrobe and pulled it open, then shuffled through the clothing and extracted a high-collared dress in green velvet.
“My dad was shot – in Afghanistan,” Rosie supplied casually. “He’s got a fabulous scar – not quite as fabulous as your dad’s though. And Da too – but he was shot by my mother – in the heart. He almost died.” She grinned.
What right did John have to think himself Sherlock’s only savior? What claim did he have to this odd man he’d known such a short time? Why should he be jealous of another man’s attention? Another man’s influence on Sherlock’s life?
“I detest hospitals. I don’t keep an army physician schooled and experienced in traditional medicine and field triage at Rosethorne so I can waste time in hospitals.”
He didn’t ask permission to address John by his given name, and didn’t pepper his request with the everyday niceties – no please, no thank-you. Despite his all-too-recent seizures, which should have made him want to crawl into bed and sleep for half a day, he managed to come across as both presumptuous and bored.
It was all going rather well, John thought, eying Mycroft. He was seated between the Potter boys, probably talking about Quidditch. George, seated directly across from them, was leaning in with interest, and John grinned and returned to his meal, half-listening to Sherlock and Hermione Granger-Weasley discuss safety at Hogwarts, when something else caught his ear.
John, lips pursed, mind racing, considering a dozen different possibilities, looked up sharply at Lestrade. Of all the startling information in the letter, he couldn’t get past the piece he felt Sherlock had glazed over – his rescue by Lestrade. He carefully folded the letter and ran his fingers over the crease, quietly considering his words before he spoke.
He shrugged his shoulder, frowning, and John finally realised he was trying to throw off John’s perhaps not-so-comforting weight.
He drifts off to sleep, but wakes to Sherlock unwrapping the scarf, removing it from John’s neck to drape it over his own shoulders. He hears Sherlock breathe in his scent through the scarf, and tips his head back to look up at him with a tired smile.
“And you’re left-handed,” she said, voice soft, sympathetic, but not pitying. “I’m sorry, Dr. Watson.”
John, who could no more cut out the severely ingrown nail right-handed than speak Italian, told him the truth.
“She’s added slits so we can pass the harness straps through. I passed  the idea long to her but Snape tried to take credit for it.”
John bristled. He hoped she didn’t know about Sherlock’s past addiction. If she did, there was no forgiving administering a heavy dose of opiates to him.
“As ridiculous as that suggestion is, I’ll honour it before striking it down. The floor was not clean – but neither was there any evidence of passing foot traffic. John – those people did not use the door to enter 221A.”
Sherlock focuses on the man, on the one person in all this world who may hold the answers his brain has refused to provide. “This has happened before. Here. In this room.” It is not a guess.  “Always this door?”
John stood there until Mycroft Holmes had disappeared from view. He stood there even longer, waiting for the telltale sound of the automobile engine starting up.
John shrugged, feeling both unsettled about and disconnected from the decision. The garden wasn’t his – he had no real right to claim it, or to prevent anyone entry.
“Nothing. I never encourage sleep and I don’t sleep on schedule. I sleep when I’m too tired to stay awake any longer.”
The estate – for estate it was – belonged to a man of some standing in the British government, or so John had been told. He’d had very little information, actually, only that he was being given an assignment of indeterminate length as the resident physician at the estate of Mr. Mycroft Holmes in Yorkshire, where he would, in addition, serve at Mr. Holmes’ personal physician. That Mr. Holmes was “of extreme importance” to the British government, despite his lack of rank or title, and that his inability to perform surgery with his injured arm would not interfere – in the least – with his ability to attend to Mr. Holmes and his convalescent “guests” at the estate.
“Your brother wants you to take up where you left off, I gather,” John said. “Is this what you want too?”
“What are you doing, then?” he asks as he looks on the peaceful-for-now tableau. He doesn’t see that they form an odd little triangle, all three of them connected with Sherlock running a finger down Will’s perfect little foot while Will clutches John’s finger and John rests his free hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
John pulled back immediately, surprised, and glanced over at the lock. It was a large brass padlock with a long shank, which had, inexplicably, popped open.
It doesn’t happen again for a long, long time. The years have been trying, but not unkind. Friends have passed on, and they’ve each battled cancer and won. John is getting forgetful, which worries Sherlock, and worries John as well, but they get by together in the snug cottage near the sea, and John reads detective stories – sometimes twice – and works crossword puzzles and warms his feet by the fire. Sherlock does the cooking now, and keeps his mind sharp with the cold case files from his friends at the Yard, and on sunny days takes John’s arm as they walk together in the garden.
John, who had been watching Sherlock’s fingers as they manipulated the instrument, lifted his eyes to meet Sherlock’s.
“Well, nothing here for us to see, John,” Sherlock said with a sigh. “The navigation system is not to be trusted – I’ve told you that for years, haven’t I? It’s taken us to a deserted house – probably full of criminals and miscreants.”
John blinked. He was rapidly losing control of the conversation and he wasn’t exactly sure how that had happened. He did know, however, that Sherlock Holmes was the most interesting thing he’d encountered since arriving at Rosethorne – more interesting, even, than what he’d found behind the locked gate.
He didn’t miss the twitch of lip as Sherlock registered his slip. The other man let out a similar huff - feigning an annoyance he clearly didn’t feel. His eyes moved to the wall over the door.
The whole family included Harry and Al plus Lily and Jamie, and Severus as a surprise bonus. There was a good deal of grumbling from Sherlock, who was forced to clear the table of the detritus of a dozen ongoing experiments. But Rosie and Al helped, and Al stared mesmerised at the bowl of human ears while Rosie calmly explained that they were from the morgue, and that Sherlock was not actually a deranged serial killer.
“Captain Watson, your report is being changed, effective immediately, to Major James Sholto.” Sherlock looked up as the colonel spoke, suddenly more interested in the proceedings. “Unfortunately, you will still some responsibility for your other patients. It is critical that life at Rosethorne continue to appear exactly as it does now to anyone on the outside.”
“Can’t you…?” Sherlock twirled his finger and tried to look desperate. It wasn’t terribly difficult to look desperate when you were dangling upside down by a parachute and a shoelace in a tree.
John forced a laugh. He knew she wasn’t joking, but taking her comment as such let it slip away without further discussion. They watched the two men a few more minutes, John thinking of the last conversation he’d had with the boy that very morning.
Sherlock was examining said buttons with what could only be called near rapture. He pushed John’s unexamined robes to the side and spread his out on the table then began to count the buttons.
Sherlock dropped a hand on John’s and squeezed it. “Taking that damn thing apart was the most physical labour I’ve done in my life.”
Sherlock sat up, curling his long body around until he’d managed to reverse his position and rest his head in John’s lap.
Greg knew. He knew for years before he and Molly dared broach the subject. He'd always known when Sherlock was content, and he hasn't had reason to question Sherlock's happiness in many years. He was uncomfortable at first, with the idea, and the reality, but it melted away when the children came, and when Sherlock handed him the keys to the manor house, and tucked himself away in a little cottage with John.
She shook her head. “His grandfather – Malcolm. He passed away only a few days before we brought Sherlock here to Rosethorne,” she said.
“You can do both once you’re a grown-up again,” John said, though he thought it quite unlikely that the Mycroft he knew would stick around for a pick-up game of family-style Quidditch, much less agree to finish his plate which was currently loaded with four roasted chicken legs and a pile of green smashed potatoes. Molly had mixed the smashed peas with the smashed potatoes for the children as she claimed they actually ate their vegetables that way.
“Sexual, then,” he said, turning his head just enough to see Sherlock’s profile. He was surprised that his face didn’t heat up, and if he flushed at all, it was from the smile that curled Sherlock’s lip at his correction.
“Of course I mean women. No photos with the boyfriend, though he started to mention him then changed course when he realised he’d done so.”
He found it with little effort, just off the workroom. It was small and bare, but clean enough. John gave the toilet a flush - it did the job, though slowly. He tested the taps - the flow wasn’t strong, but warm water did appear after half a minute. There was paper, a rubbish bin and two white hand towels and a stingy bar of soap. Checking the cupboard behind the mirror, he found the shelves bare, so he mentally composed a list of supplies - plasters and disinfectants, the basic medications and supplies for common ailments and first aid. A medical kit similar to the one he kept upstairs.
“A bit,” John conceded, shifting with a wince as Sherlock rolled off of his lap and pushed up to wobbly knees. “Hey there - careful.” He steadied Sherlock with a hand, then scooted back to lean against the dressing room wall, giving Sherlock space to get his own bearings. It was care-giving he’d learned from Mary, giving power back to her at her weakest moment.
“Dr. Watson. Though what good it will do to bring me back when I’ve only just begun to restructure my Mind Palace I don’t know. And the new system I have in place is rudimentary at best.”
“It was. And how would we have explained a man who is supposed to be dead, dressed as a woman, in my bedroom, had you had a seizure while you were out and about?”
“Don’t tell me you’ve taken up knitting in your spare time,” he says with a smile as he wraps the scarf around his neck a second time and examines the narrow blue and white stripes on the end. He fingers them, looks at John, and smiles again. “That blue and green atrocity with the yellow trim at the neck.”
There was no indication of anything other than a sudden, massive coronary, and from the look on his face, that he’d died a very happy man.
“You should make yourself a chair,” Molly suggested. “You obviously don’t find this bench very comfortable. You need to design something with the right proportions for you.”
She didn’t give him time to ask questions, or puzzle out the enigma she’d presented, but knocked briskly on the closed door, waited a moment, then opened it.
“I’d better get back to the castle,” John said, eying the Ravenclaws who were waiting to take the pitch. He wouldn’t mind staying a bit longer, but Sherlock didn’t even know he was here, and he wasn’t about to let him leave the castle without assuming responsibility for Mycroft. Knowing Sherlock, he’d find some excuse to stay out of 221B for days to avoid having to deal with his de-aged brother.
– it was something important. For England.” She breathed their country’s name on a sigh, and there was pride in her voice now – the pride of a mother, John thought, wondering how long she’d been at Rosethorne, how long she’d known this Sherlock Holmes.
He made a quick escape, and Sherlock sulked for another hour until the appointed time arrived and a hoard of elephants tramped up the stairs and knocked on the door.
“Oh yes, he’s gone,” small Mycroft said with a huff. “And he’s probably not going to get my Mummy, is he?”
With pounding heart, he took two steps across the corridor and leaned against the wall, hands on his knees. It had taken all his will and reserve to hold it together under Mycroft’s scrutiny and he was paying for it now with weak knees and a racing heart. He steeled himself. He was a soldier. He’d been trained – conditioned – for every circumstance, every enemy.
It was almost like dancing - anticipating the next move, the spin, the turn, the dip. Every sound - cloth on cloth, creak of bone, catch of breath, scrape of teeth on skin stretched tightly over collarbone - every sound was magnified, over-loud in the stillness. Heart hammering in chest too small to contain it, he pressed his mouth again to Sherlock’s, searching for sustenance. This kiss -
John leaned forward, trying to get a better look at his ankle which he knew must be the size of a cantaloupe. Though it was throbbing painfully, he was starting to second guess his original diagnosis.
Sherlock dropped back into the wheelchair, looking oddly deflated. “Old friend,” he muttered. “Well, better to say I worked with him. He’s – he’s helped me in the past. And I him. I knew he was here, of course. But gardening? Are you quite certain?”
“He loves Mrs. Hudson because she smells of herbal soothers,” Sherlock said with a snort as John carried their grandson out to the sitting room.
He turned his head, smiling his understanding, and she squeezed his hand again. He squeezed back, at least to the extent he was able, and when enough time had gone by and she should have dropped his hand, she hadn’t. She ran her thumb over his knuckles as he watched, realising too late what was happening. Where had his head been? When had he ever before missed clues so obvious?
He got in a decent punch with his right, however, drawing his fist back and jabbing upward like a boxer, connecting on the bottom of the chin.
After her experience with Sherlock, the proprietress certainly expected trouble from John. John, however, submitted quietly as the magical measuring tape sized him up and made absolutely no special requests.
“The offer stands – Rosethorne for the encoder. Documented, explained. You can bring the entire team here for training. I’ll work with them until you’re satisfied.”
He detoured to the shops for milk, if only to give John one small thing to be pleased about when he got in from the clinic, and turned in the direction of 221B, bracing himself against the wind that now blew directly in his face.
He stared at the spectrum of coloured light on the keyboard cover, mind returning to the time before the war, to the man he used to be. A man with a wife at his side, with no blood on his hands.
It’s a moment that’s stayed with him all of his life after, the dazzling moment of clarity when the stars aligned and the earth’s orbit – and John’s heart - skipped a beat in unison, giving in to the gravitational pull of the new center of the universe. The moment…the feeling…being in the right place at exactly the right time, catching Sherlock at his very best with Rosie, then sliding sideways into their private moment, claiming the family that was his for the taking.
!” He looked delighted with himself to have solved the puzzle so quickly. “Tell me, John! What have you taken from him?”
John acknowledged the statement with a shrug. “It seems you’ve done a fair job of keeping yourself alive these last months.”
And he did understand – at least he thought he did. He knew how memory worked, could not sit down at the piano without thinking of his mother, his grandmother, even of Mary. Could not smell the roses in the garden without seeing his mother’s face in profile as she knelt to tend the soil. He’d stopped attending church services long ago, when the hymns had recalled her pain, and even the alleluias had heralded her death. That this discovery would be new to Sherlock seemed remarkable indeed, but Sherlock, John had discovered, was not put together like most other people.
Behind him, Mycroft Holmes slowly followed him out of the garden, taking his time with the leg that would trouble him for the rest of his life.
“Get inside the enemy’s head. Accurately predict the enemy’s next moves based on a study of the information revealed in and by the intercepted messages?”
“It is a reasonable conclusion, is it not? That your grandmother would have high aspirations for you? That she’d want you to be successful – to live a more comfortable life than she had, than your parents had.” Sherlock shrugged dismissively. “It wasn’t in your file, John. Sometimes – well, I’m told that sometimes I see things that aren’t obvious to others.” He uncrossed his legs and John noted that he was wearing loose-fitting grey trousers and a dark green shirt instead of pajamas or dressing gown. In this every day attire, Sherlock looked even taller, thinner, more angular.  “Why did you stop playing, John?”
When it came down to it – when they stood face to face and showed their hands, Mycroft didn’t love Rosethorne enough.
“John! Could you bring my robes back down? I’m going to test my wiz-stick pocket with my flaming baton.”
“It’s all a game, Dr. Watson. Surely you see that? The king on his throne, but who will be the queen at his side? The powerful one to protect the king’s square while he goes about the important business of the state? The beautiful, cunning Irene Adler? The damaged but valiant doctor? The intelligent and lonely Molly Hooper? And don’t forget the army of pawns, the first line of defense – the Mrs. Hudsons and Billy Wiggins and Greg Lestrades of the world.” He sighed and closed his eyes, this time for as long as the morphine covered the pain. “Frankly, Dr. Watson, my money was on you.”
As Rosie grows, so too will their Christmas tree. They’ll be handmade glittery pinecones, trinkets from their first trip together to the Spanish shores, and a multi-coloured flight of origami geese. Sherlock will tease John about his obsession with the tree, and will delight in hanging household items on it for John to discover – a cocktail shrimp or two, hung by the tail, a decorative bar of soap, a miniature bottle of ketchup from a room service tray. But they’ll hang the little bee every year, and make a game of finding it in the branches, and the story of that first Christmas tree, and the buzzy bee Rosie chewed on for years, the woolen scarf made from John’s old jumpers, and the crystal suncatchers that still hang in the window, will be told and retold at Christmastime until John can’t be certain what really happened and what Sherlock has inserted over the years. His father might have had a heart attack, or been attacked by a bear, or broken his leg skiing, and he might have wrapped the two of them up in that scarf as soon as he opened it, giving John no choice at all but to kiss him silly.
“I don’t know your schedules – I’m not your secretary,” she said briskly, and not very truthfully. She may not be their secretary but she absolutely knew their schedules. “But go on now – he’s in a mood.”
“I’ve been so focused on recreating the original system that I didn’t realise I was building something new atop the rubble. Something made of colour and sound and motion and scent – memory is
“John – please. I thought better of you. They’re a trifle more than episodes. I quite prefer Billy’s terminology. Fits. More apt.”
The anniversary of Mary’s death had slipped by quietly. They’d acknowledged it, reminisced, passed it rather serenely with an early morning visit to the cemetery and a night in watching a movie with Rosie snuggled asleep on the sofa between them. He hadn’t thought of this particular anniversary until Mycroft had handed him his mobile, photograph of he and John holding Rosie’s hands as they walked through Regent’s Park displayed on the open newsfeed.
“A new game, then,” he said. “But let’s up the stakes a bit, shall we? A question for each piece captured. Any question, and we’re to answer honestly, and completely.” He adjusted a white knight so that it faced squarely forward, then looked at John, expression deceptively casual, raising an eyebrow in query.
Sherlock watched John as he spoke, and John shifted uncomfortably under the scrutiny. He knew that Sherlock, with his sharp mind and uncanny ability to see right through him, was very likely piecing together an explanation for John’s mood, and his reluctance to show Sherlock the key and to admit that the crow’s behavior seemed unusual.
And it was difficult to say, looking at Lestrade’s opus, what the creative process was exactly, how Lestrade started, and what followed what. Lestrade was damaged by the war, and this garden could be nothing but the man’s healing therapy. Was he giving life to a battered village? Bringing back comrades from the dead? Restoring beauty to the England he’d loved? Was it in homage to a lost loved one? Or was he vanquishing shadows in his mind, changing regiments of soldiers into fanciful birds and mythical creatures of power and light? Throwing light on dark shadows, knowing that demons are more threatening, more menacing, when locked away from the sun?
The smile, however, as much as it seemed to reassure Mrs. Hudson, did not seem to work on Mycroft Holmes.
Sherlock stopped the distracting game with his thumbs and folded his hands together, leaning forward to rest his chin against them. “Precisely that – I’m not convulsing on the floor, Irene Adler is safely out of harm’s way, and Mycroft is gone and his eyes here at Rosethorne aren’t loyal to him at all. We’ve hardly met properly, have we? I thought it a good time to get acquainted.”
The piano required manual dexterity and strength, though both grew with practice and experience, and the left hand was taxed less than the right. The piano required left and right hand independence.  It was rewarding – in ways that sorting pills and counting marbles never would be.
He unfolded the letter, smoothing it out against his thigh with the palm of his left hand, glanced over at Sherlock, and read what Mycroft Holmes had written.
“There must be other gardens – someplace more pleasant.” Sherlock gave an exaggerated shudder and closed his eyes, shielding them with one forearm.
He held her gaze, waiting. She finally gave him a tremulous smile, then turned to leave. “Do wake Billy and send him for me if you have any trouble,” she said as she pulled the door shut behind her. He waited, listening, and finally heard her footsteps fading away.
That – and – if he were completely honest with himself, the gnawing question of the relationship between Sherlock and Lestrade. He couldn’t stop thinking about the way they had interacted – how Sherlock had spoken to him, deferred to him when he had uttered that one word that puzzled John above all others.
He steeled himself for what was to come, resolving to strictly adhere to the script Sherlock had laid out.
As John made his way back to the castle, he mentally tucked away the invitation, deciding to deal with Sherlock once the Mycroft problem was resolved. It was past eleven thirty, and Sherlock’s class lasted until noon. He’d have time to track down Minerva and Mycroft and convince Minerva to hand Mycroft directly over to Sherlock. Then he’d Apparate back to 221B, go out to get a birthday gift for Mrs. Hudson and, instead of hurrying back to the flat to babysit, meet Greg or Mike at the pub for an afternoon pint or three. And if Greg or Mike turned him down, he’d find a pub Sherlock had never heard of and sit and watch football until bedtime, even if he had to go through a half dozen pints in the meantime. It was a good plan. A solid plan.
“Is he having an attack?” Holmes asked, too calmly for John to think that he believed that Sherlock was, in fact, having a seizure.
“No,” John said to himself, remembering Mycroft’s words that day in the garden. He looked up at the raven, still standing guard nearby. “The keeper of the keys? You?”
But he’d met Sherlock under entirely different circumstances. He’d met Sherlock when the man was at his weakest. He’d met him under the cover of night, under layers of complex secrecy, when Sherlock was convulsing. He’d known nothing of the man, had not been stunned by his beauty or taken in by his winning personality. He was a patient, and a mystery, and John had grown to know him, had become his friend, in an upside-down way unlike any of his previous relationships.
“I’d hope so,” John answered. “If he settles into the schedule well, and doesn’t have an upswing in the seizures, we can adjust it after a few weeks.”
“Oh for God’s sake!” Sherlock hurled his mobile at the sofa. It bounced and slid across the keyboard of John’s laptop, fell onto the sofa and dropped into the gap between seat cushion and armrest.
Resident physician at what was, for all intents and purposes, a convalescent home for odds and ends of the British elite.
“John – ” She bit her lip again – he’s already noticed she did this when she was nervous. “I hope I’m not being too forward, but I might be able to help.”
John considered his words carefully before answering. He didn’t know anymore what Sherlock himself wanted. He wanted his Mind Palace back, of course, but to what end? He’d assumed, when he first met the man, that he desperately wanted to return to his codebreaking job. But more recently, he’d begun to wonder if Sherlock was trying to restore his Mind Palace for other reasons, the codebreaking being nothing but an incidental benefit to the restoration. However, Sherlock’s desires aside, he felt obligated to answer the question as best he could.
He doesn’t return to Mary, doesn’t need any more proof that the doors know his heart even better than he does.
“It’s too late for a formal tour so we’ll save that for tomorrow. I’ll have Annie fetch you for breakfast at seven thirty. You will be awake by then, won’t you? I wouldn’t want the girls to be frightened if they have to wake you and find you in one of your fits.”
Soon after, Sherlock had a pair of garden shears in his hand, and Lestrade had the hedge clippers, and Lestrade seemed to be giving Sherlock a pruning lesson. They were working on a young yew, one that had sprouted from seed or root, and John left them to it as his gaze drifted upward again, into the branches of the oaks as the breeze began to blow again through them.
“Both eyes,” Sherlock said almost at the same time as the instructor riding with them announced “Two minutes!”
Sherlock used that opportunity to take another selfie of them, this one with John in reactionary lecture mode.
John didn’t comment on the implied pun, eating crow indeed. But Sherlock grinned nonetheless at his own cleverness. The bird in question seemed to have tired of watching them, or perhaps was frightened off by all the talk of stones and pies. It flew off with a loud squawk, and John watched as another bird fluttered in to take its place on the branch. It was a robin, however, and could not be mistaken for the crow that had just departed.
“Mr. Holmes is – well, he’s rather abrupt. He doesn’t waste words, and he has certain expectations of all of the staff. He doesn’t spend much time here, so we’re left alone to go about our business most of the time.” She lowered her voice and glanced down the passageway. “We need a doctor here, Dr. Watson. Don’t let Mr. Holmes scare you away.”
He's stuck in a holding pattern – charting everything but unable to make any reasonable conclusions, when one day, it happens to him.
John shakes his head fondly. He’s gazing down at a very sleepy William, whose beautiful muddy blue eyes are beginning to close. He can’t help but see his mother in them, and remember days pacing the floor with her, at the house he shared with Mary and then at 221B. He remembers the weight of her in his arms, the warmth of her small body as he paced with her on his shoulder after Mary’s death, soothing her but really – really – soothing himself. He remembers dancing, moving purposefully into Sherlock’s arms that fateful night, Rosie a soft and warm bundle between them.
There were those who’d tell him that that was for the best – he didn’t need anyone else’s blood on his hands.
Yet something gnawed at the back of his mind – something about crows. What had his grandmother always said about them as she gamely tried to keep them out of her garden?
Al and Harry came around with them, taking seats on straight-back chairs against the wall while the woman tapped a wooden box with her wand. “Shoes off,” she instructed. “Then climb up and be still.”
“Yes. Carries a small slate with him if he has something to convey, but doesn’t use it very often. I take it you didn’t know he can’t speak?”
? As in – not written down?” He shook his head, incredulous. “But you’re writing all the time – you can hardly keep up with him. I see you – with your notebook and pencil….”
“Hurry, Mum! James!” Al was corralling everyone for the formal photos. A photographer wielding an ancient camera, one that still used flash bulbs, was waiting patiently by a gazebo with the promised lovely ocean view.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is impressive and enduring, the lighthouse of Alexandria strong and long-standing. The statue of Zeus honoured the founder of the Olympic games, while the Colossus of Rhodes was, indeed, colossal.  Hanging gardens, temples, mausoleums all great in their own right while they endured, but nothing – nothing – will ever compare to a tiny eight-pound bundle named John William Watson.
Guitar? No. The stand was set up for someone who stood when they played. Guitarists didn’t typically stand to practice, and the music was put together in chords. No, the music John had seen on that stand wasn’t guitar music at all.
He thought his resolve would last, but as it turned out, he didn’t know Sherlock Holmes very well at all.
Though, as with anything in life, there was the occasional surprise. A quick visit from Mycroft Holmes, sometimes come and gone before John knew he was in residence. A very early morning wake-up call when Sherlock had a particularly bad seizure. Surprising bits of information gleaned from Sherlock as he strolled around and around the wild garden on the cobblestone path, talking – always talking – and intrinsically trusting that John was beside him, listening.
“I don’t really pay much attention to how we get there,” Al said. He looked nervously around for Rosie, then stood up. “Well, I’d better go down for a bit.”
Mycroft Holmes smiled. His finger tapped the table. He studied John intently, and John shifted uncomfortably under the scrutiny.
For his part, John opened the envelope, using his left hand to hold it and his right to break the seal and extract the single typewritten page. He scanned the document, the looked over at Sholto.
“This last doctor – the one that only lasted two weeks – what made him leave?” John struggled up the second long flight of stairs as Mrs. Hudson slowed her pace and walked alongside him instead of in front of him.
“Something for you first,” he said. “And for Sherlock. Do you plan on spreading those out all over the ground?”
Perhaps it was the nonchalant way he asked, or the fact that John himself was so obviously damaged that made Charlie step forward instead of back. Or perhaps it was the fact that he’d spent much of his childhood in his grandfather’s woodworking shop, and watching John cut the plank and pick up a sanding block to begin smoothing it out stirred something long-buried within him.
“About your project,” John said, an odd little thrill tingling in the back room of his consciousness. Time to get this conversation moving along. “About the work.”
time. Time to leave London. Sherlock’s been talking about it for years, but always in a not-too-soon-but-someday sort of way. He’s been talking about beekeeping too, and investigating village vicars who, if the BBC is to believed, are nearly always hiding great secrets if they’re not doing a bit of crime solving on their own. John’s only been thinking of it for a year or so, but only because Sherlock has started to complain about life in London.
It was a bleak and cheerless day, made all the worse by a confrontation with his brother, and the cold wind that had greeted him when he’d walked out to hail a cab at the crack of dawn was still with him as he made his way back to Baker Street, whipping the corners of his coat and pressing him forward like a persistent hand on his back. He’d rated the case a not-very-promising four when he’d taken it, but had reclassified it as a two by the time he’d identified the blackmailer and located the video.
He fumbled with the old-fashioned locking mechanism on the doors, cursing his lack of dexterity, but managed to pull them back at last. They creaked as they opened, and a breeze, as refreshing as it was symbolic, washed in. Relieved to finally be outside where the wind from the moors swept everything clean, he stepped carefully down onto the veranda.
He shouldn’t complain – should count his lucky stars instead. In the weeks of Mycroft’s absence, Sherlock had thrived. Once he’d discarded for good the idea of reconstructing his damaged Mind Palace and salvaging the information he’d archived there, he had instead begun to look at the problem afresh, and build a solution using the more organic construct of his new organisational system. He’d not only made incredible progress, but was sleeping much better and suffering fewer seizures.
No – what bothered John Watson, what was making him even more uneasy as he waited out this latest seizure, was the timing. The slap-in-your-face reminder of Sherlock’s injury and condition on the very heels of the intimacy they had just shared. It was as if they’d finally reached the summit of a mountain, standing side by side as the view to eternity opened up, then taking a half step too far, or stumbling on a loose stone, slipping and sliding back to where they’d begun, battered and bruised, all the worse for the wear.
“He’s really not that brawny,” he said. “But you’ll see for yourself tomorrow. We’re going to dinner at the Burrow.”
John shook his head sadly. “I’m sorry Sherlock but Hamish did not get his dummy from the dresser using magic.”
“What? No – not – Molly….” He called after her as she turned quickly back around and continued walking purposefully down the corridor. She slowed again, then turned around to face him, looking slightly wounded.
In the years that follow, doors typically open to expected places. Loos, offices, hotel rooms, pubs, warehouses where criminals are hiding the bodies. Visitors, as John once called them, stop coming to 221B, though on occasion, Sherlock and John open a door at exactly the right time to avoid a madman, and then, on what is easily the most memorable day of their lives, after Sherlock pretended to die and left John for far too long, John opens a restaurant door, engagement ring for his lover in his pocket, to find himself staring at Sherlock half-dead on a narrow cot in a cell in Serbia.
“It’s a game,” John said, when at last he felt he could speak without choking on the words he had to say. “Mycroft – everyone here – ”
Sometimes, they’d make love in the tunnel, covered by darkness - rough, primal, silent - apart from the world. Sometimes, they’d stretch out together on a blanket in the garden when the moon was new and stars pushed through the canopy of night and flooded their faces with innocence.
Sherlock stood suddenly. “The cottage beckons, John. Let’s not consider it hiding if we’re engaged in activities that most keep behind closed doors.”
business. But it seems our Sherlock has got himself tangled up in it – again – and by extension now, his brother as well. Mycroft Holmes might think he’s the one calling the shots, but he’s wrong. Dead wrong. And now he owes his life to me, and to his brother. I intend to take advantage of that debt.”
“The loo,” Sherlock answers. His grip on the doorknob tightens. “In my brother’s office building. On Whitehall.”
“I think - this.” He was fiddling with the sturdy pegs on which the shelf rested and reached out to touch the third. He pushed - hard - and the peg slid back through the hole into which it was inserted.
“I’ll be fine, Billy. I’ll be with the doctor should anything happen.” He uncrossed his legs. “Where are we going, John? Away from Rosethorne, I’m sure. London? There’s a train at six forty-five, though I hardly think we can sneak aboard without Mycroft’s spies discovering us. We’d have far more luck if you were in disguise as well. Or if we took a later train, though I’m dressed and ready now, and it seems a shame to waste such a lovely disguise on you and Billy.”
to dig. I soon gave up and stomped off, after calling Mycroft every bad word I knew.” He tossed the key up and snatched it again from the air. “And then, Dr. Watson – I stole Ben’s keys. Found the ring on a garden bench while he was up a ladder pruning a tree, and, believing that this one, the largest, the most ornate, had to fit the gate to
“Al told me at the last minute that the women were doing Muggle,” she answered. “And I had to find something short enough for the parachute harness.”
“Calm down, Sherlock,” John said with an indulgent sigh. While Sherlock’s childlike enthusiasm was infectious, he didn’t feel the same exuberance himself. “There’s no way I’m letting you climb a ladder today. We can come back tomorrow if you’d like – with Lestrade.”
Molly continued to stare at John as he fumbled through an acknowledgment, backing out the door and closing it firmly behind him.
His limbs are sandbags pinning him to the floor. Someone has placed a bag of bricks on his chest and dared him to breathe while they pile on more bricks and sand and mortar.
The day was filled with closed doors, tiptoeing staff and hushed voices. While John spent the day  frustrated and isolated in the infirmary reviewing the file of a patient who’d be arriving later in the week, Molly was summoned to Mycroft’s office to participate in the grand kick-off.
The door closed behind him and John grinned as he folded his newspaper, picked up his coat and followed Sherlock out the door.
The first thing John saw as he blinked against the muted light from the doorway was the reflection of his face in the mirrors that circled the room. He looked a different man - disheveled and relaxed. Where had the rigidity with which he’d carried himself for so long gone?
“They need something more to do,” she said, referring to two of the new patients. “They’re withering up like this. They need to believe they’re useful still– that their lives have a purpose."
“A reasonable request, Captain.” Major Sholto glanced at Mycroft. “Good advice for most of us, in fact. He will be able to work up to longer hours, yes?”
focus on first, but he managed to stay firmly on the already winding path down which Sherlock had started. “So your grandfather kept a mistress in a guest cottage and
In the time it took to get from ground level to jump altitude, Sherlock managed to take sixty-four photographs inside the plane, more than half of them of the button configurations on his robes. Rosie allowed Lily to freeze her hair in place, every curl and wisp and tiny braid. Lee cast warming charms over the girls, who looked very much like they needed them, and Severus unexpectedly told a joke.
. My head is too full of other things. Bee society and how it mirrors those of the countries we’re fighting and, sadly, even our own. Speech patterns. Dialects. Idioms – all of these things in the transmissions we decode, brief and barren as they are. And you – the colour of your eyes, the marvelous pattern of the wound on your shoulder. The way you fight with yourself when the soldier or the doctor in you roars its head and gets in the way of the lover and the friend. The way you groan when I take you in my mouth. The way your legs tense up, the way you run your fingers through my hair and breathe my name when you’re on the brink of orgasm.”
And, as he’d already learned that the best way to keep up with Sherlock was to suspend disbelief, push aside unanswered questions, clarifications and factual challenges, he allowed himself to get sucked into the Sherlockian vortex.
“She killed him?” John raised an eyebrow. He knew she was dangerous, and frankly, didn’t have to stretch his mind much to find her capable of murder.
Minerva intercepted them at the top of the spiral stairs. “Running late?” she asked as she took a firm hold on Mycroft’s hand and, ignoring John completely, said, “I am told you are rather strict about rules, young Mr. Holmes.” They stepped back on the stairway, which had reversed itself to take them right back down again. “I’m to oversee a detention now – three third-years were caught harassing a group of first-years. They seem to think that the younger children should do their bidding.” She walked purposefully down a corridor with Mycroft in tow and John trailing behind. “I was hoping, Mr. Holmes, to teach them a lesson and let you boss them around for a bit.”
Sherlock. No. Not Sherlock. He wasn’t part of the plan – just part of the game. And John had been foolish. Foolish to think that the garden, the violin and piano, the coloured light dancing on the walls of the music room, the childhood regained, that any of this opened up a secret door in his heart, or Sherlock’s. That magic was at work when it was so clear now that this was just more wartime strategy.
And the other thing – that John had put behind him so long ago. The thing Sherlock hadn’t yet discovered. The thing John could never voice.
It took only seconds to remove it, and hang it over a crossbar. He didn’t hesitate, then, to push the gate open and squeeze through it. With a last look behind him at the deserted pathways, he quietly moved forward toward the sagging swing, sparing it only a glance before heading down the faint path through the too-tall path.
like the rest of my body.” He rolled his shoulder, wincing, clearly indicating his body and the shoulder in particular were betraying him, then stretched his feet out and tipped his head back against the tree, studying the treehouse again.
“All right.” He at least could attempt to slow the conversation down to a more normal – or socially acceptable – pace. “Though I must say I’m even more unlikely to be a piano virtuoso in the future than I was in the past.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “I didn’t mean for you to do anything special with them,” he says. “The shop caught my eye, and I saw the sun hanging in the window and went in to have a closer look.”
Yet – he liked Lestrade. Or certainly felt no ill toward him. Or hadn’t. Yet the feeling in his gut as he thought of Lestrade’s past with Sherlock was undeniably jealousy.
Sherlock rattled the gate despite having judged the lock secure, then stood there, studying it carefully as if determining whether scaling it would be possible. The gate was quite sturdy, eight feet tall and topped with pointed iron bars set mere inches apart. Scaling it would have certainly been possible were either of them in the physical condition they’d been in before the war, but with John’s injury and Sherlock’s present condition, they’d need a very tall ladder on one side only to face a significant drop on the other.
John dared a response, choosing his words carefully. “I can’t be the first one to tell you how important sleep is, Mr. Holmes. Especially for someone with – ”
“Dr. Watson is typically in his rooms or in the infirmary at that time,” Mycroft said, helpfully and unnecessarily.
