"Yeah, yeah. You could drag your sorry carcass down and change the keg yourself, you know. You can do it. You taught me how.”
There were also lots of times when Tony was busy juggling alone, but Steve was strangely reluctant to just leave him to it. And there wasn’t much else for him to do, except running, but if Steve was honest with himself, that wasn’t why he had started bringing his books to Tony’s lab when Tony was off in Advanced Arithmancy Lalaland. It wasn’t even so much that he was still concerned about Tony’s safety. He was. A little. But mostly, he just liked hanging out with him. And wasn’t that the weirdest thing ever? It was as if the crisis they’d been thrown into had made the years of animosity somehow irrelevant. Tony still sniped, and Steve still stumbled over his words sometimes, but the sting had gone out of Tony’s words and Steve could now laugh at himself when Tony baffled him. It was completely different from his friendship with Bucky and Sam, which was based on a whole lot of shoulder pounding and other forms of mild to moderate physical violence plus talking about quidditch, but this felt like a tentative friendship nonetheless.
"We are flattered, I am sure, but this is our honeymoon. We are not ready to have other people join us in the bedroom. The answer is no." He rubbed little circles on the back of Steve's hand with his thumb, willing him to stay silent. No good could come from Steve speaking right now and as long as he was holding his hand, he might be disinclined to punch the guy. Or Tony. Abdel looked crushed.
"You got seven more to do before you can eat one, Tony." The warmth in his voice made Tony want to curl up in his lap.
True to his word, Steve didn't leave his side for the entire two hours they were there. Tony ended up dangling in Steve's arms on numerous occasions, which caused loud heckling from Clint and annoying little twirls with flourishes and smirks from Natasha, but despite that, or maybe because of that, he was actually having fun.
"Who the hell.... Oh my God! That's Cap! Tony did it. He brought him back. You owe me fifty bucks, Nat!" Clint exclaimed.
"It wasn't like that!" Tony disagreed. "I wasn't thinking with my cock, lady. I was thinking I didn't have the right to hold her prisoner."
Clint mumbled something that sounded like "farm", but that couldn't possiblybe right. Well, it was none of Tony's business if Clint didn't want to share. Tony looked back at the group to see if they were as surprised to see Clint as he was, but obviously they had been aware of Clint's presence in his tower. He really needed to have a little chat with J.A.R.V.I.S. about announcing visitors. Roommates. Whatever.
"Really," stated Tony, making sure all the apprehension he was feeling wasn't showing in his voice. "You're in the soul collecting business then." Fortunately, he had lots of practice getting what he wanted from despicable people at political -and charitable- events and he forced himself into that debonair mindset. "Demon? Devil? Evil overlord? Are you friends with Loki?"
"Honestly, Tony, a little less gold and a bit more white and blue and maybe a bit less skin and you'd have a perfectly decent USO tour. What are you selling?"
Natasha shook her head. "I don't think so. I'm thinking it's Falcon too." She turned back to Loki. "How do we find out who can go get him?" Loki unearthed a glowing globe about the size of a tennis ball out of a pocket. Its blue light was pulsating steadily, as if it had a heartbeat.
“I would,” said Steve. “They looked hungry to me. And it can pay the healer for the services Galahad needs.” He kept on walking. As an afterthought he added: “Take the tusks, Galahad may want them.”
your hips." And he forcibly started moving Steve's hips in a truly indecent fashion, while crowding against his back. Steve felt his cheeks flame. Tony seemed to be trying very hard not to laugh without a whole lot of success and that made it even worse. Steve pulled him closer to shut him up, but that ended up with Steve being sandwiched between the two men, all three of them rolling their hips in unison. Steve had never before experienced this particularly painful combination of embarrassment and arousal. He willed himself not to get hard, but it was a losing battle with the four hands on him and the rocking pressure against his ass in back and his dick in front. Tony was going to notice any minute now. Holy mother of god, what was he going to
But everything wasn't fine. The muddled mess of lust and anger and awkward friendship and need, so much need, was far from fine.
He very pointedly did not expect Steve during his Saturday shift, so it was stupid that he still felt disappointed when Steve didn't come. Scouring the cellar sink at the end of his shift at 1 am he wondered if Bruce would be willing to help out catching the cats.
The day Steve shaved off his beard was a big victory in Tony’s book. They still weren’t doing blow jobs, and Steve grew it back after a couple of days, after he’d yelled at Tony. This time  for Tony’s refusal to go and find a job, now that Steve couldn’t since he was in the country illegally. He cycled through various stages of facial hair in the space of a few weeks, but still, it was progress.
the pencils, I'll take these three. No, I am not going to run out, Tony. Stop it, I can pay for these myself. Oh fine, you can buy the pastels if you're going to pout about it." After that it seemed only natural to kiss Tony quickly before they left the store, as a thank you. So quickly that Steve had done it before he recalled that he wasn't going to do that anymore. The touch of Tony's lips had regrettably faded long before Steve had made peace with that little slip up.
, curled up on a bench with Steve, and apparently perfectly happy where he was. And so was Steve, he realized. Perfectly happy.
Tony stared at her. What the ever living fuck? He'd bet a million dollars that she had spent more than a dozen Christmasses alone. Same for Clint. And Bruce would never have risked bringing the Hulk to a Christmas dinner with friends or family, if he had any of the latter, Tony'd never asked. And Steve...
"No, no, no! It has nothing to do with being abused. Being submissive is about giving up control. Lots of really powerful people are into it, actually, like, to balance things out or something. It's like..... you're used to taking orders in the army, right? And you're used to giving them too, because you're a captain. And don't you feel sometimes, in certain situations, that you prefer just getting the orders instead of giving them? That you like not having to think about what could and should be done? That you don't have to make the decisions?"
a whole lot better. Really, why is he losing it over an insult to a toolbox? Steve forces himself to breathe in, and it's shaky, but he starts feeling better when he lets the breath out slowly. He does it again. Slowly he unfolds and leans back in his chair. He's alright. He's going to be fine. He's not melting down over a fucking toolbox.
Tony was halfway across the room before JARVIS had finished speaking. He checked that he was wearing the bracelets and was about to jump out the window when he changed his mind and raced down to the workshop.
"You're a guy. It's how you think." She shrugged and studied her nails critically. "Don't you think it's time to go home yet?"
“Hey,” Steve tries to mimic the nonchalance in Tony's voice. He wants to shove his hands in his pockets, but that would look defensive, so he is at a loss of what to do with his hands for a moment.  He also doesn't know what else to say, so in order to stave off the panic he can feel starting to stir, he starts unrolling the fencing for Tony and gets the next pole ready. He feels a little stupid. Doesn't know if Tony thinks so too, but Tony wipes his brow with his forearm and then hands Steve the hammer. Surprised, he takes it and after a moment of hesitation, he gives the pole a good whack. It feels good. He hits it a few more time, until it's solidly in the ground and when that's done, Tony has the next one ready and is holding out his hand for the hammer. The rhythm is easy after that and with every hammer blow Steve seems to stand a little more firmly on the ground. It is almost meditative, and he stops worrying about what he should say. He even startles a little when Tony finally breaks the silence.
“Lead the way.” Steve gestured magnanimously with one arm and slung his duffel over his shoulder with the other. They fell into step and walked the hundred yards in companionable silence.
“Such a chivalrous man you are, Captain. You truly aren't from this time, are you? Let me remedy that for you.”
"Yes," Abdel admitted, "You seemed not averse to public intimacy at the pool yesterday." Tony briefly closed his eyes. Of course that would come back to bite him in the ass now.
He started by making a point of saying 'my husband and I' wherever he could fit it in. Then he followed up by running everything by Del. "The atrium pool is quite nice, isn't it, Del?" "We weren't very impressed with the breakfast buffet, were we, Del? Were your eggs any good, doll? The breakfast burrito was kind of dry, wasn't it?" Steve looked at him a little oddly first, but then played along quite happily. When Tony took his hand and interlaced their fingers in the space between their plates, he gave Tony a smile. He hadn't smiled since the scene at the pool that morning and it made Tony lose his train of thought for half a minute. Thirty glorious seconds in which he smiled dumbly at Steve and hoped to god the guy had not noticed how sweaty Tony's palms had gotten all of a sudden. The senior contingent was a little taken aback at this sudden turn of events, but to give them credit most of them took the fucking hint and made an effort to be more gracious by including Steve.
So anyway, that was why he was currently leaning over the railing of a gunmetal grey rustbucket, with a frozen bottle of vodka, watching his breath crystalize in front of his face and occasionally removing clumps of ice from his beard. He tried closing his eyes and pretending he was on a cruise ship in the Bahamas, but the biting wind on the exposed parts of his face was getting in the way.
It was impossible. It was absofuckinglutely impossible that Cap was still alive after seventy years of being frozen. But if it was not impossible, if somehow his heart was beating, however slowly, he should be breathing. Tony brought his face a fraction from Cap's lips, trying to detect air flow, any air flow.
“The Chinese have already invented gunpowder by now, Steve, but I can't afford to wait until Marco Polo or whoever it was brings it back here. It's not like I am going to sell it to the locals. I just need some for myself.”
“That’s why he wore what he’s wearing. It’s shockingly modern. As a muggleborn I don’t suppose you see the significance.” He said he neutrally, as if Steve’s ancestry was of no interest to him, and that was the only reason Steve didn’t stalk away.
"No. No, Steve, stop. It's not that. It was fun. It was fine. It was totally fine. It's just - I'm just -"
"Looks like the Old Religion is spitting mad about that newfangled shit," Tony yelled at Steve over the howls of the monster.
"Good boy." he whispered and then let his thumb trace Steve's bottom lip. Steve's lips parted and his breath sped up. "
Percival's mouth fell open in shock. Bors frowned at him and Lancelot started to protest, but as Steve had expected, Gawaine cut that short.
Steve had fallen silent. Still glaring at Tony, though. Glaring hard. The suit looked great on him, Tony noticed, even now that it was wet and steaming in the winter air. He'd have to build something into it that made it dry faster.
“Maybe, “ he said inbetween kisses. “But maybe you’ll be sick of me in two months time.” Another kiss. “It happens all the time.”
Tony hit the arc reactor with the side of his fist a couple of times and it flickered and then shone a little brighter. He wheezed another breath and then, thankfully, it seemed to even out. He struggled up to sitting.
Steve scrambles onto the bed, only to notice that Tony has yanked his pajama bottoms off as he was doing so. He feels cold and exposed and is about to run, when he feels the bed dip behind him as Tony settles a proprietary hand on his ass. The hot hand print anchors him, and when Tony adds the other hand and starts kneading the globes of his ass, all thoughts of fleeing evaporate. It's pathetic how good this feels already.
He had to stop himself several times from going out to find a target for his anger. He knew that in his current state he'd pick a fight with anybody that crossed his path and also that, right now, he'd go way past the point of no return. He'd ruin whatever relationships he had. Just
of Steve, and he was just about to slip him some tongue, when Rhodey coughed politely behind him. Steve pulled back with alacrity and Tony stomped down on the urge to pout. He ran his hand through his hair instead.
you." Three seconds later an arrow sporting mistletoe thunked into the wall over Tony's head. Again with the arrows in his walls! Before he could ream Clint out, though, the man was yelling again.
Steve’s hackles rose instantly. It’d been a couple decades since Potter’s War, but he knew full well pureblood families like Tony’s hadn’t changed their views quite as much as they wanted the general populace to think.
"Are you saying my security system has no defense against polite, persuasive villains? Because if that is the case I can wipe you and start over."
Steve groaned silently in frustration. There was just no reasoning with these people. Concepts like fairness and compassion were so twisted here that Steve barely recognized them. He was now regretting not immediately heeding the hermit's command. He could have been -
God, he'd been a fucking idiot. He stood up and dried his feet on the grass, before climbing back into the armor. He had no time to lose. He was going to need a dilapidated castle and some henchmen and he had to think of some appropriate prize to be wrest from the demon, and-
It was. There were candles burning on the mantle, and garlands, and lights strung along the ceilings, held up by.... arrows? Tony was going to have a talk with Barton about shooting stuff into his walls. Anyway. Sam was right. The room looked warm in a way Tony had never experienced before.
Tony swallowed hard. No? What? Was Steve breaking up with him? Now? Had he finally had enough? He didn’t blame him, it was only-
“I can see I am going to have to bring my A-game. Now I am even more curious about your story, Captain Rogers.”
A couple of weeks later, he was pretty damn sure he didn’t agree. He was sitting sideways on his loveseat, legs thrown over the armrest while he was covered in cats. Thor was snoozing on his lap, Brucie had tucked himself under his chin and Clint and Tasha were climbing up his curtains. They were teenage cats now, all too long limbs and awkwardness and it wasn’t good for his curtains, but they were too funny batting at each other while trying to get to the top first, so he had decided not to care. Staring morosely at the stack of boxes in the middle of his floor, he tried to work up the energy to start collecting some of his shit to move into Bruce’s room. They had all helped Bruce move in with his girlfriend Betty in Leiden last week. He would stay there until his postdoc in Amsterdam started. Tony thought he’d most likely end up commuting, though. The housing market in Amsterdam was notoriously tight and he got the impression that Bruce was kind of done living an hour away from Betty.
Sam started laughing at him. "I know, man. I know who you are. I am just messing with you. I'd love for you to take a look at the wings. They're a little temperamental, actually." And with that Sam was Tony's new best friend. He happily trotted off to his workshop with his prize, breakfast forgotten.
Steve breathed a sigh of relief when only a few stragglers remained and then they were leaving too. He turned to pick Tony up. As he was struggling with the armor's considerable weight, the castle gates opened and a woman stuck out her head and arm and beckoned them closer. Steve looked over at his companion. Percival was having a hard time holding on to the panicked horses, a little wide eyed himself and shaking his head.
“Why can’t my house elves bring me lunch in my lab? This is ridiculous!” The voice was annoyingly familiar and Steve’s heart sank even further into his shoes.
Steve's driveway has suddenly acquired a single occupancy trailer park. Technically, the trailer isn't in his driveway, per se, he can still park his mom's old minivan, but it is so close to it it might as well be. Steve's house, the house that used to be his mom's until she died and Steve moved in temporarily to take care of her dogs, until he could figure out what to do with them. He still hasn't figured it out, only it's been years and just one of the dogs is still alive. That house abuts the open space where the hills are golden and dry in the late summer. The access road to the open space is right next to Steve's driveway.
"Yeah, that was the part that Nat and I didn't get. You know Hydra infiltrated Porter's lab personnel and tried to steal the serum prototype samples while Porter was away on vacation, right?" Clint paused as he took in Tony's face. "You didn't know." His voice was flat. "Okay then. Well, Nat was on site. Played a pretty lab technician. Thwarted their attempts to crack the safe Tuesday night, took a few prisoners, got the distinct impression that this whole circus..." Clint waved his hands around to encompass the ship and the milling people in various costumes, "was only to get Porter out of the way. Yet, you didn't come home after the lab raid went down. So we decided to come see for ourselves what was up. We quietly borrowed a quinjet, and, hey presto, here we are. Dude, I don't know why the fuck
. So he stayed the hell away from Pepper and Rhodey and his former teammates, because he might need them later. He threw himself into his work instead. The next armor was going to be a work of art. Gorgeous, efficient, deadly as fuck Art.
“Yes, Steve, I will marry you,” Tony announces breathlessly to the apple crumble and for a moment it looks like he is going to kiss the oven window. “How long till it's done?” he continues in a normal voice and Steve hopes fervently his blush can't be seen from where Tony is just now getting to his feet.
"How would the team handle those threats without both of you there?" Steve asked, obviously curious.
“I will do it,” offered Bors without being asked. “I will catch up with you as soon as possible, Sir Percival. Just remain with Sir Stephen in the meantime.” Percival nodded gravely. Bors looked at Steve. He said nothing, but Steve knew what he meant. “Keep an eye on him.” He nodded in acknowledgment and then Bors and Gawaine left with their entourage. The hermit had vanished.
Tony grabbed Steve’s hand, and Steve tore his eyes away from the guard house. They’d said goodbye that morning, there was nothing left to say. They were both apprehensive and scared, despite Rhodey’s assurances, but that had been talked to death too. So in the end they just hugged briefly, but fiercely.
He also started designing a suit for Captain America, cursing himself all the while for being a sap, for having hope, for feeling so fucking fragile. But if Steve was going to be stupid enough to flee to a warzone, then Tony would design him a suit that would keep him safe, for fuck's sake. He could only work on it for little snatches at a time, half an hour tops, before the anger would start getting choked off by sheer
Steve had learned long ago that kissing was the most effective way to shut Tony up and Tony couldn't say he minded his methods very much. As always, his heart did a little stutter at the feel and the smell and the
“Good… Oh, and Romanov? For fucks sake, don’t let him go clothes shopping by himself anymore. It’s a fucking disgrace SHIELD is letting a national icon go on tv in old man pants.”
Tony couldn't believe it. "You don't know? How can you not know? Were you, like, blindfolded? Were the curtains of your litter drawn? Were you too busy admiring--"
"That would have been stupid of them though, they could ransom me for billions. But I knew for sure they'd kill
“But the comb is plastic and the apple would be kind of alive. How do you infuse life into something that’s never been alive?” he asked a little plaintively.
"Yeah. Yeah, you're right. Well, we don't know if these people were random visitors or even spectators, or if they are actually government employees, do we?"
"It's a bit late to change the security codes now, isn't it? No, this was always meant to be the Avengers' home base. Consider yourself home." Tony couldn't read Steve's expression, but apparently the word 'home' was a bit of a sensitive issue. He turned to Sam.
"Grab the lances!" Steve yelled, "Go for the gills, that's where it's vulnerable." Bors and Percival scrambled off to go fetch them. The serpent bellowed and Tony could see all the way back beyond its yellow rows of teeth into the black depths of its throat.
wouldn’t happen. The weather was hot and humid in a way that promised a summer thunderstorm before the day was through. People were gathered on the cafe terraces that dotted the town, enjoying the heat, the company of their friends and cold beer. Sweat pricked his neck and his T-shirt clung to his back as he walked aimlessly. He knew, rationally, that he shouldn’t blame himself, that Steve had said he wouldn’t be back and Tony had left his address and there was absolutely nothing he could have been expected to have done differently. Yet still he cursed himself for moving. For not being there when Steve needed him. He didn’t know that last bit for sure, of course. But he’d said: You know where to find me if you need me’, so that’s what he assumed. That Steve needed him. It was probably a little unhealthy, really, how much he wanted to save Steve. And he knew, kind of, that Steve needed to save himself, or things would be fucked up forever. But being needed was an insidiously attractive state of being. And missing that opportunity sucked donkey balls. Although he really couldn’t blame himself for not being there…
The fight took forever. The serpent kept luring them into deeper water, where it was hard to move and hard to stay on your feet amidst the crashing waves. It would disappear under water whenever it was cornered, but it never actually left. As soon as they'd wade back to shallower water, or try to catch their breath, it would surge back out of the spray and try to take someone's head off. Once, Percival slipped and went under. Weighed down by his chain mail he couldn't get back up and Steve had had to drag him out while Bors held off the oversized snake by himself.
Steve was gone the next morning when Tony got up; the pajama pants neatly folded on the couch. Thor had made himself a cozy little bed on them. Gathering up his own sheets and Bruce’s for the laundry, he wondered what Steve would decide. And if he’d ever see him again.
“Tony, we can't... Your leg,” Steve managed to breathe into Tony's mouth. Tony smiled under the onslaught.
“I suppose you'd call it girlfriend. She... yeah... she died. Just before our date. Um, last year.” Ten years ago, actually, but it might as well have been last year, at the time Steve came back from the dead, for all the time he'd had to process it.
When the sounds died down and the thing was reduced to a smoldering pile of rags, Steve looked at him and grinned.
"If you turn around now and tell me you're sorry, but you're really straight, I am going to castrate you." Tony said. Steve didn't answer, wasn't even sure if he was able to articulate one, but pushed his erection against Tony's hip, making both of them groan.
. Why would you even....? You didn't want to come rescue me, Tony. You thought I hated you. They told me.”
Bruce was eating a bowl of yoghurt and muesli in the common room when they entered. He raised a hand in greeting.
Tony shrugged. It had been worth a try, but he had been prepared for it to fail. He was not prepared for the thing being able to tell whether he spoke the truth or not, though. That was a serious complication. Tony wondered if the demon could mind read or if it just had an internal lie detector of some sort. Or maybe it was just so attuned to the state of souls, it could tell when they were being devalued by the act of lying.
Dragging his eyes up from Steve’s torso, he watched Steve watch him. He swallowed hard and forced himself to pull back his breath. When Steve’s eyes came to rest on his face again, he stepped in and slowly brought his hand to Steve’s freshly shaved neck. This time it was Tony who pulled Steve in, kissing him just as tenderly and softly as that first kiss, like a promise. It felt like he was pouring everything he knew about himself into it and it was a little scary, but it was an offering that needed to be made. Steve caught him, though, returning something just as honest and vulnerable.
It took them a few hours to get Tony packed up to go. The Iron Man suit would sadly have to travel in a burlap sack, which was wrong and undignified, but it couldn't be helped. They needed an extra pack horse just for that, because it really was heavy. Steve inquired politely if Tony had actually ever ridden a horse before, when he had a little trouble getting the pack horse to stand still to accept its burden.
"You talk a lot, but you're not necessarily saying anything that is important to you. You obfuscate with words, Tony. I just don't talk. You hide too, though. When's the last time you shared something really personal?"
Tony sighed and tried to go back to his project. He should be ready to give the creation of the vibranium core a shot this afternoon. By this evening he might no longer be dying, if it all worked out. On the screen Helmet Hair abandoned her fruitless prodding into Steve’s love life.
He woke up several times that night, relieved to find Steve just as close every time before he dropped back to sleep.
“I am an optimistic man. Hey, Harry, could you help Steve decipher what Tony’s choice of clothes is trying to say?”
"And in return, the Pentagon sends you what exactly? A report? Some instagram pictures? How do we know what they've done on the expedition besides send a bunch of new recruits to build snowmen and maybe club some baby seals?"
He gives Tony plenty of time in the bathroom, before he lets himself go up to check and see if the coast is clear. The bathroom door is open and his mom's bedroom door is shut. He quickly brushes his teeth and speed walks to his own bedroom. There's no generator noise and no screaming guitars and he tells himself he's done the right thing. Even though it feels strange to know someone else is sleeping in the house. He doesn't think he'll sleep well. But he's out in minutes and sleeps like a rock.
"Either you or Natasha, I'd think," considered Bruce. "He's befriended you of his own accord and both of you have spent a lot of time with him recently. I wouldn't know who else would qualify, really." He looked at Tony. "Do you?"
Steve came out of the bathroom dressed for their reserved dinner seating in a perfectly serviceable sports jacket, except that every single item of clothing in Del's suitcase came in colors that really should not be seen outside of ice cream parlors. This one was strawberry flavored, by the looks of it, but the alternative had been pistachio and that just really clashed with Steve's tan. Tony willed his hands to be still and got up to join Steve.
Steve quickly dropped the chain mail on the bank and stepped into deeper water to hide the growing bulge in his small clothes, transparent as they were when they were wet. He didn't avert his eyes though and watched as Tony tried to work the coarse soap into a lather. The arc reactor glinted on the water as he was rubbing vigorously, to little avail.
He left his old house near midnight, approximately 5 hours after the stereo had been fixed. He whistled as he weaved a little unsteadily along the canal. The night was still warm and a little moist, with the almost full moon shining through the thin shroud of clouds, creating a silver halo. It was pretty and peaceful. He cast a cursory glance down the alley next to Cafe De Wijnhaven as he passed it. Then he stopped whistling and looked again. There had been a flash of white near the cellar doors. He didn’t see it now, but he could have sworn it was a cat. He was almost positive it had to have been Steve-the-cat, the elusive sibling of the gang at home. He hadn’t tried to catch Steve in months, he realized a little guiltily. Maybe he should get a trap and some food and try it that way, tomorrow.
"With all due respect, Ma'am." He knew his voice was curt and anything but respectful, "But if he is not worthy, then your definition of worthy is too narrow. He is one of the best men I know."
"It sounded good, but that doesn't mean they are actually good. Add a monocle and that man could have been palling around with the Red Skull."
He shoved his hands in his pockets as he started walking again. Then stopped when he encountered a handful of cat treats in his right pocket. He dug them out and looked back at the alley. What the hell, he might as well try now, right? If it didn’t work, and it probably wouldn’t, given how skittish Steve had proven to be, he could go the trap route another day. He rubbed both his hands on the cat treats as he slowly made his way down the alley. At the cellar doors he squatted down and peered under the stairs where he’d seen the kittens for the very first time. Two wide blue eyes stared back at him.
Steve doesn't know why he is smiling as he puts together a sort of improvised version of chicken tetrazzini, while Tony loudly deplores Steve's taste in books. It's not like Steve feels he needs to defend the literary merits of Tom Clancy. After he pushes the dish in the oven and sets the timer, he slices up some tomatoes and then he plucks his book out of Tony's hands and sits back down in his chair.
"It's the suitcase suit. It's like armor-light, it doesn't have the bracelet function. Now, come on!" It was a lot like going to see a surgeon when you only had a sprained ankle. Don't ever consult a surgeon unless you want surgery. Don't ever bring Clint unless you want people with arrows through their throat.
Natasha laughed. Tony realized he'd never heard her laugh before. He quickly looked over at Steve, who was also staring at Natasha, his mouth open in wonder. He wasn't the only one then. Then Steve's eye cut over to him and he shot Tony a big happy smile. Tony felt like he was drowning, but he couldn't look away. Finally Steve dimmed the wattage.
“What else is new? It’ll be a nice change to have a reason for it this time.” He jerked his head towards his room.
"That is a statement you had better address with your therapist, Mr Stark. But as far as the limited circumstances of this trial are concerned, it is a valid notion. This case is going to be interesting, but tough. Do not undermine my work." Elisa was ruthless and never minced words and normally that was something Tony loved about her, but right now he was feeling a little fragile. He sighed and tried to reconcile himself with not seeing or talking to Steve for months. It felt like someone had dimmed the lights outside.
Relief rushed through him. He grinned wider than he'd had in six months and slapped Percival on the back. “We are going to confront this demon king, Sir Percival. We ride at dawn!”
Three, or possibly four drinks later and decidedly buzzed, Tony found himself leaning towards Steve and wagging his finger.
He wasn't in much of a hurry and he preferred the back roads, so it took him a couple of days to get to Bethesda. Once there he visited the parents and the boyfriend of the marine he had inadvertently killed. He was grateful they didn't kick him out in disgust and were willing to hear his apologies, but the visit wasn't comfortable for anybody, so he tried not to overstay his welcome. He left a check for half of the amount left in his account in the mailbox on his way out. He wasn't sure how well the military took care of the survivors these days, but it probably hadn't improved much.
shit like that. You making assumptions about your equipment or communications getting through will get you killed! That is what the 'Roger that' is for, so you know your message came through. And if you make a pun with my last name now, I will punch you." Tony looked a little contrite but Steve wasn't done. "That was two stupid kids, but it could have been Hydra, you idiot. And you not only went after them instead of letting them come after you, you did so without back up! If they caught you and figured out you're not Corbin, which they'd know as soon as you lifted your shirt, they might have killed you!"
“Are you fucking schooling me on Monty Python quotes? For real? Captain America is out-nerding me now?” He threw his hands in the air and grinned. “Oh my God, wait till I tell Bruce!”
But on the good nights, he'd sit outside the tent in the cool air, staring up at the moon and the endless expanse of nighttime sky that seemed to swallow him up completely and he knew in his bones that Tony missed him just as much as he missed Tony. There were more bad nights than good nights, unfortunately. Tonight would be a good night in the sense that he would sleep. Maybe even without nightmares.
Steve kept his word. By the time he finally pushed into Tony, he had reduced him to a shivering, panting mess. Just the sensation of Steve slowly breaching his ass was almost enough to make him come. The slide of Steve's dick through the ring of muscles ricocheted through his nervous system, making him quake. He'd never been this desperate and eager to be filled, and he kind of resented being forced to leave his dignity so far behind, but that was something to worry about later. Much later, when he wasn't begging Steve to
Before Steve could voice his serious misgivings, Jarvis announced the first guests and Tony pulled Steve next to him. If Steve had expected an outcry at the break in tradition, he was sorely mistaken. They were minutely raised eyebrows, little creases of disapproval around delicately painted lips and many, so many inquiries about where the Rogers family originally hailed from.
"Super hearing. I can hear everybody talk in this building. I can hear their heartbeats. I can hear yours. That's why I thought you were scared, it suddenly sped up. But..." He flushed again. "Sorry about that."
That earned him a jab with an elbow and Steve retaliated by pulling him closer so he couldn't employ said elbow anymore. Then Tony just settled against his shoulder and started a sleepy diatribe about Steve's lack of taste and skewed priorities and his own dreadful misfortune of being stuck with a yokel like Steve in a country full of yokels in the Yokel Ages and Steve just laughed.
Tony's grin is positively evil. “You got it, soldier boy.” He places a hand on Steve's chest and pushes him back towards the bed. When he hits the edge, his knees buckle and he sits down with a thump. Tony straddles his legs, looming over him, one hand on his shoulder, still sporting that grin.
"I speak French, leave JARVIS to do the listening," Steve said, "Come on, over there." They moved to a bench that was placed looking outward and facing away from the couple they were spying on. Sitting down with their heads together, Tony passed him his com unit. Steve listened.
Tony didn't bother with virgins, as a rule. They needed guidance and reassurance and if Tony had been any good at providing those he would have become a kindergarten teacher or something. The thought of being significant to some random person as 'their first' held no appeal for him whatsoever. And virgins tended to blow their load a couple of minutes into the proceedings. When Tony got fucked, he wanted to get fucked hard and he wanted to get fucked long. He wanted to be
“Remind me to put away the charcoal before it starts getting wet.” Tony interrupted his internal agonizing.
"You were not cleared to leave the hospital, Tony. One of these days you are going to stop making me complicit in all those harebrained schemes that end with you nearly killing yourself."
Steve jumped off his horse and started to fight his way through the crowd. He suddenly didn't care if he hurt anybody. His sense of urgency was overriding most of his more careful instincts around civilians and there were plenty of painful cries as he shoved people aside. It wasn't that he thought these people could damage the armor and get at Tony, he knew Tony had designed it better than that. But what if Tony had had a seizure or something? Or couldn't breathe? What if JARVIS had to open the armor to get Tony air, what then? What if JARVIS
"I don't know, Steve. Are you? You ripped the Captain America underwear, remember? Trying to get them off me. That wasn't very patriotic, was it? Maybe it wasn't quite the same as burning the flag, but on a scale of -mmmpfh"
"There is a lot of speculation still, Sir, and the opinions are divided between Captain America miraculously surviving his crash or his fathering offspring in secret before he died, but the link between Captain Rogers and Captain America has certainly been established."
“Although I am sure I know some other dudes that would be ecstatic to be carried anywhere by a guy like you.”
Tony wanted to protest, but he knew that look on her face and he knew that resistance was futile. Steve must have sensed it too, because when he came out of the bathroom in Tony’s robe, his cheeks rosy and his skin glowing, he sat down in the chair Natasha pointed at without protest.
His downward spiral is stopped short by the realization that he can see Tony's cock now. It's half hard and cut and curves a little to the right. Steve's fingers ache to touch the silky smoothness of it, but this time when he reaches out, Tony slaps his hand away.
He never took the four kittens to the pound. First he kept telling himself that he was waiting until he’d caught the white one, who was obviously to be called Steve, but when Steve kept eluding him (of course he was, he should have called the cat Rain, or something) he kind of stopped trying to catch him. By then, though, there was no chance in hell he was giving up Brucie and Thor and the other two. They were funny and cuddly and excellent company when he felt particularly lonely. So he took them to the vet instead and had them fixed and vaccinated and dewormed and bought a couple more cat boxes. They were kind enough at the vet’s to give him a payment plan.
invaluable." With those words Steve wrapped him in a bear hug. Tony closed his eyes and let the sensation wash over him. The strong arms around him, the massive chest, Steve's scent, Steve's cheek against his temple. He exhaled shakily as he reminded himself that this was a hug, a very platonic hug, a thank you hug, a reassurance hug and not a come here with your face and kiss me hug, no matter how much he wanted it to be that.
It was too much to think about right now, though. His calculations were as good as finished, and so was the prototype arc reactor and he was in the middle of writing it all up. So he just replaced his 386 with the newest Pentium computer and bought a higher quality deli ham for his sandwiches and went back to work for the time being.
He went back to scraping, the contained fury obvious in the staccato motions of the knife. Steve watched him for a moment. He saw so much more than a brain and a middle aged body when he looked at Tony, even in this more vulnerable state. His brilliance, his loyalty and his hero's heart were even more obvious when he wasn't hiding in his suit or behind his public persona. But Steve understood how he felt, he'd felt the same so many times before the super serum.
" And with that Steve sealed his mouth over Tony's. To stop himself from saying more and to stop Tony from saying
“Stay,” said Tony. “I mean, if you have nothing else to do. The only thing I miss about that hermit-infested wasteland is using you as my personal space heater at night.”
“No. I guess it doesn’t come down to an extra few hours.” The apprehension was written all over his face. “Or days…”
“Actually, sir, you said not to show him the bad ones. I had to make a value judgment. I apologize if my exposure to your usual antics led me to believe that anything without nudity was not to be considered ‘bad’.”
Steve frowned at Tony, despite that. “Must you be so crass? That wasn't all it was and you know it!”
Steve sighed heavily. Natasha would have his guts for garters if she saw him maudlin like this. So would Peggy, for that matter. And Tony would needle him with relentless sarcasm, because that was the kind of annoying guy he was. An annoying guy that he had imaginary conversations with these days, though, because it never failed to cheer Steve up a little to imagine what Tony would have to say about living in this particular era. Or to imagine Tony actually living in this era.
"Thanks,' he said instead, "but I don't think it's necessary to break your cover just to sell a few more Starkphones. I think the ladies and I can handle it."
“You'll see,“ came Pepper again. She had been sympathetic to Tony's story, which is why she had allowed him to leave the hospital in the first place, he knew, although she had much rather he'd have waited for his official release. It sounded like she was settling in to watch now and wasn't planning on interfering.
“What? Me? Why would I be in the receiving line?” asked Steve, who had pretty much planned to go hide behind a tree for the evening.
“Because you’re a fucking shark too, Steve! You need to get that into your head. Stop acting like a minnow. Stop letting us intimidate you. Besides, he knew I’d boot you in the arse if you weren’t getting the message. Which I will do with much aplomb if you don’t get your arse over there in thirty seconds.”
He was finally on active duty. Of course, his commanding officers had agreed to send him here before he went on the mission with Tony, but apparently a few pictures of him and Tony on the internet had been enough for them to reconsider and order another battery of tests. Only when Steve had flat out refused to do any more tests, or do any more debriefings in which they surreptitiously tried to figure exactly
It was tiring. The crowds and the noise and the dazzling lights, they were pounding his senses. A persistent little headache throbbed behind his right eye and he needed to get out, if only for a bit. He made his excuses and went to catch his breath in a dark and cool hallway. He leant his back against a wall and rested his head on the cold marble. What the hell was he even doing here? He was so out of his element, it had gone beyond funny. He briefly considered leaving, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t leave Tony in there by himself. No doubt Tony would be fine without him, he’d done this before. Alone and in bad health. But Steve didn’t want Tony to be alone and he didn’t want him to be fine without Steve, especially if he didn’t have to. So Steve was going to take a couple of deep breaths and then he’d jump back into the fray.
"I made spaghetti and meatballs. Come eat." It was phrased as a command, but it sounded like a peace offering. Tony briefly considered blowing him off to sulk a little more aggressively, but his body had already breathed a shaky sigh of relief and let his shoulders sag with the release of tension. Steve's super eyes must have spotted it, because a small smile started to tug at the corners of his mouth. And just like that Tony lost the will to sulk.
yelled Clint from the couch, where he was finishing off the vodka with Natasha. "I can't take it anymore! You're killing me over here. Nat, give me the mistletoe." Steve and Tony dragged their eyes away from each other and stared at Clint.
“And, by the way, which one of you fucktards introduced him to the Edward Cullen School of Creepy Romance? Barton?”
“Are you even listening to yourself? I’ll never be able to pay that back and even if I did I wouldn’t want to spend my galleons on dress robes. Besides, robes or no, everyone will still know I am muggle born. Why would I want to be looked down upon all evening by your pureblood friends?”
Steve woke up when the morning announcements started. A jovial voice through the speaker system urged them all to make sure to visit all the cruise line approved vendors when venturing out and then listed all the fun activities scheduled for today if you chose to stay on board. Right... the ballroom dancing.... that was on the program for this afternoon. He rolled onto his back with his arm behind his head and stared at the ceiling while the voice droned on. Oddly enough, the idea of learning to dance with Tony wasn't as horrible as it had been not even two days ago. He tried to recall the sense of loss he had felt then, and it was still there, but it just wasn't as urgent. He still missed Peggy, but he was very aware that while there was a chance that he and Peggy would have worked out, it had been in no way guaranteed. And she had married someone else after the war, it wasn't like she'd been pining for him forever. Which was good, he didn't need the added guilt of ruining her life. The loneliness he felt right now was more of a yearning for the kind of companionship he'd felt during the war, being part of a company like the Howling Commandos and sharing a purpose. That is why he had volunteered for deployment before this assignment came up. Unable to make the connections he craved on a military base where his abilities were supposed to remain a secret, he'd hoped that getting back into the action would force those bonds under the pressure of danger. That, and he'd been bored out of his skull with the endless testing and hemming and hawing his superiors on base put him through. He needed to be needed and the holding pattern he'd been in had grated on his nerves.
“Come on. I have a can of soup at home and I make a mean grilled cheese. And I have beer. You don’t have to go tonight, do you?”
He was still awake though, when Steve rolled out his bedroll close by a little later. He waited until Steve had settled, then he hissed:
Steve wasn't always at Tony's left shoulder, to be honest. It wouldn't have been practical in the workshop. Tony spent quite a bit of time there working on some of the designs he'd started on the ship. But he set up an 'education station' for Steve within his line of sight. It made sense, it really did. Steve's main complaint about the internet was that it was so very low on facts and very full of opinions that used twisted facts. Steve had once asked him seriously whether Tony thought Elvis was really dead or not (and what about Paul McCartney? Did Tony have any vinyl copies of Sgt. Pepper that he could play backwards?), and Tony wasn't going to be responsible for setting a super powered conspiracy theorist loose on the world, so it was just better if Steve was right there while he caught himself up on current events. The fact that Steve hardly ever bothered to change after his workouts before joining Tony in the workshop had nothing to do with it.
"What I don't understand, though," Bors said after a bit, through a mouth full of stew. "Is how being forced to kill your mother would be damning your soul. I mean, if you're made to do it, surely you're not--"
“You know,” says Tony conversationally, after he's picked up his plate and licked it clean, forcing Steve to look away or lose it. “If you are trying to get rid of me, you're doing it all wrong.”
Eventually, the silence became unbearable and Steve thought it might now be worse not to say anything.
There was only so much of that that he could take, though. He stepped back and smiled at Steve, wished him goodnight and walked away, head high. One more day. He'd promised to be there at Christmas and he would. But after that it was time to go spend some quality time in California. Before Steve drove him nuts.
“Oh my fucking god, it is the USO tours all over again! Are all bureaucrats the same? Do they all look at those blue eyes and charming smile and go ‘cha-ching!’? Tell your director that if he doesn’t find Steve something to fight for, he is inevitably going to lose his dancing monkey. You can tell him Stark is willing to bet a hundred bucks on it.”
Steve’s mouth closed over his and Tony thought little woodland creatures ought to burst into song with how good that felt. He wound his arms around Steve’s neck and started pulling him backwards, while Steve tried to shrug out of his leather jacket. It dropped to the floor as they landed on the ugly couch. Steve landed between Tony’s legs and the weight of him felt so right, that he couldn’t help but push up against it. This caused Steve to groan into his mouth, and scrabble at his jeans and that was all wonderful, so Tony did it again. It elicited the same reaction, except now Steve got a good grip on Tony’s jeans and ripped them in two. Whoa! It was Tony’s turn to make incoherent noises now and as he helped Steve’s cock out of its confinement, slicked it up with spit and precome and guided it to where he wanted it, he vowed to get so many cum stains on Steve’s bland, beige couch that they would have no choice but to burn the ugly fucker.
for a “business trip”, like so many times before and he'd expected her to send him to the Stark facilities in Guam, or somewhere else suitably tropical, also like so many times before. There he'd planned on meeting the local hotshots for about five minutes before pissing off to the beach with the local beauty queens.
“I asked your robot butler to ask you, but he said you didn't want to be disturbed when you were working on the armor.”
By the time Tony came back to the camp, Steve was fully dressed and eating soup. It tasted weird, kind of bitter, but it was warm and filling, so he didn't particularly care. It was a small miracle Tony had produced something halfway edible in the first place. Steve couldn't even conceive of how antsy the man must have been to be desperate enough to try his hand at cooking. Percival was already asleep and Bors, who'd have first watch again, was seated against a tree a little ways away, fiddling with his knife and a dead branch. He looked ready to keel over. Tony sat down heavily somewhere beside Steve, and Steve didn't like how labored his breathing was from just that little walk from the creek to the camp. He fought the urge to turn around to check on him and kept his gaze on his bowl.
Steve started blathering something about getting another chance at serving the American people and Tony got up. He gave Steve a hearty slap on the shoulder, told everyone that he was sorry to interrupt, but he was sure that Steve would be fantastic in whatever way, shape or form he decided to serve, and he wished him all the luck in the world, and that he himself had to go back to work now, so he could solve the mystery of Vanko’s arc reactor.
So he found a back door and stepped away from it all. As he lost himself in the crowd he felt vaguely uneasy that maybe Tony was waiting for him. Well, maybe he was and maybe he wasn't. Steve hadn't heard from him in months, not since he'd watched Iron Man take off from the cruise ship. Not since Tony had not answered him on the com unit. But even if he was, Steve was in no shape to see him.
“The meeting is on a cruise ship in the middle of the Mediterranean, Stark. You'd be surprised to know how fragile those boats are, even big ass motherfuckers like these. One well placed hole and the thing goes down with all on board. I'm sure you've seen Titanic? Compared to the Hulk those icebergs are remarkably passive and peaceful, you know. Given that we're dealing with Hydra, the chance that Banner will hold it together isn't a risk I am willing to take.”
So Steve clammed up and fought down his blush when Tony tried to talk to him, until Tony gave up after a few days. Right now, even if he'd wanted to talk he wouldn't know how to begin anymore. Every day, every hour, every minute the wall between them had grown bigger and now it felt like the silence itself was choking him.
"What? No, the kissing was metaphorical." He paused. "Although, this is magic we are talking about, and Loki... so who the fuck knows. This is why I hate magic, you know. I can outscience the best of them, but magic just fucks with the fabric of the universe." He shook his head. "No. I can't imagine... Did you know that in the original fairy tale the prince raped Snow White... Or was it Sleeping Beauty? Anyway, he fucked her while she was sleeping and she woke up when she gave birth nine months later. To twins, I believe. Since neither of us can get pregnant -God, that is a scary thought- I think we can rule out the kissing."
Shame washed over him even as his mouth watered and his dick twitched. What the hell? That was no way to cast the virginal, law abiding symbol of freedom and the American Way (who was disturbingly nice and kind to boot), in your more rapey fantasies. Tony felt he'd sullied him just thinking about it. Except that his dick apparently thought it was a swell idea.
"I fit under your nose," Tony objected, "And believe me, she's not going to lead that dude. She doesn't have the upper body strength. She should look into Crossfit. Also, you're military and more used to taking the lead."
"Yeah, no. Maybe if you'd shown up in dockers, loafers and a pink polo shirt, but here you are looking like you're just stopping over on your way to shoot up a college campus. Steve stays. Talk or don't talk, I don't care."
It lasted all of 15 wonderful minutes. They were spinning by one of the open doors to the ballroom when Tony went rigid in his arms and hissed in his ear. "The Middle Eastern guy! He's in the hallway!" and started to pull away. Steve tightened his hold on him.
When they left the barn, Steve indicated Tony go first and as fast as he could manage and Steve would follow with Percy's horse and the pack horse in tow. Tony might not be fit, but his horse was fine, so they made good time anyway. Steve, through his super soldier eyes, thought he could see the black horse running pell-mell towards the sea and Bors several miles behind him. It was clear the shorter man couldn't overtake Percival before he reached the end of the bluff and it didn't look like the horse was planning on stopping at the edge. Unfortunately, that's where a swell in the landscape cut off his line of vision and the only thing they could do was ride on and hope for the best.
“You. You’re a matching pair. Just the other day, he was like-” Barnes gave Tony exaggerated puppy eyes and continued in a whiny voice that sounded nothing like Steve at all: “I don’t know, Buck, it’s been three months, I can’t assume he is still interested in me. He’s handsome and smart and rich, why would he wait for me? I am such a basket case.”
"Tony, are you ok? You seem tense." Steve looked up at him, sleeves rolled up and his forearms wet with steaming, sudsy water. Tony wanted to scream into his damp dishtowel that he needed to stop looking at him like that. With all the big blue eyes and the concern and stuff.
"Would you like to join us for drinks on the aft deck after dinner?" Abdel asked, "My wife and I would love to talk to you about certain... opportunities."
"JARVIS," Steve said, "How close would my com unit have to be for you to be able to pick up the conversation?"
When he finally crawled into his bedroll hours later, much colder, but no wiser, Tony scooted close to him and threw an arm around his chest. Steve stiffened and Tony made a frustrated little noise.
“Captain Rogers! What are your plans now? Will you be continuing as Mr. Stark’s bodyguard?” The reporter cracked herself up with her joke and the entire room laughed with her. Tony wanted to kill her career. A week to live or not, he wanted to drag Steve out of there and forget that anyone else had any kind of claim on him.
He flung his arms around Tony as both of them whooped in exhilaration. The snowy trees fell away below, with the watery sun peeking through a shroud of mist above, and the icy air hit their cheeks with a vengeance. Steve cast a wandless warming charm before the tears being blown out of his eyes could freeze in his lashes. He blinked rapidly.
you. He didn't even create me and he had a lot more to do with what I am, than with what you are. Your brilliance, your courage, your dedication, your generosity, that is all you. He doesn't get to claim any credit for that. You're not JARVIS or a suit of armor. It'd be like me patting myself on the back as team leader every time Clint hits a target. It'd be like--”
“So… uh.... Why sentient motorcycles?” Hoping Tony would let him leave the elephant right where it was. “Why not just get a bike from Weasley’s Auto Emporium?”
“Um. I guess? I mean, I read your thesis, but I am not sure how much use I’d be if you don’t know an answer.”
Tony couldn’t help but flick his eyes to Steve’s jaw. The man had already shaved this morning. It looked very kissable, but he wasn’t stupid enough to act on that.
“Tony? Are you awake in there? How do I open this?” This time he was sure he'd heard something. Breathing a sigh of relief, he put his ear near the face plate and said “What?”
"It's likely that we'll be seated with our contacts tonight," Steve said, voice cool and professional, "That's how I would have set it up if I were part of Hydra. If it is a different man, do we assume that the Middle Eastern is a hostile?"
“After last winter’s fainting spell, Madame Pomfrey thought it wiser to ensure your adherence to a schedule of minimum sustenance, social interaction and rest during the break.”
up for it. He mutely shakes his head no. Tony tilts his head a little quizzically. His hand brushes along Steve's pants again, a fraction harder this time, but still as light as butterfly wings. Steve stops himself from pushing forward, seeking more friction. The effort makes his legs tremble.
The men in the clearing tensed as the rustle in the underbrush became the loud cracks of snapping branches, overlaid with angry grunts. Everyone gripped their spears tighter and even Dinadan, who had been keeping up an innuendo laden string of jokes about men and spears, mostly featuring Galahad and his lack of experience, looked grim now. Angry boars were no joke and Steve, who'd only done this once before, knew that even the slightest moment of inattention could be fatal. Unlike the stags and the wolves who ran from hunters, boars were notoriously bad tempered and territorial and would fight back with everything they had. Steve looked around him. Tristan, Gareth Pretty Hands, Dinadan and Gaheris all had their boar spears solidly butted in the ground and angled in the right direction. The only chance of making a clean kill was to get the boar to impale itself on the spear, while it was planted in the ground. No one, except maybe Steve himself, could hold the spear in his hands and hope to keep a hold of it while 250 pounds of enraged pig tried to get at your guts with its tusks. Failing to make a clean kill was asking for death. Steve watched as Galahad, muttering in irritation, tried to wrestle his spear into the right position. He was the newest of Arthur's knights, seventeen years old and still very wet behind the ears.
"I can, but it'll leave Steve exposed for longer than would be advisable." Tony's voice sounded more contained when speaking in the armor. Like he was talking into a tin can. Which he kind of was.
“I am not even half as dead as I was two weeks ago, Pep. I am a paragon of health, relatively speaking."
Steve had also refused to have Redditch as his 'handler', claiming the trust was broken. After Steve had insisted several times, he'd finally been told that one of the marines that had come to 'escort' him had died. She'd been unconscious when Steve tossed her over the railing and she had hit her head on the raft and broken her neck. Steve was completely gutted by the news. That she was a woman made it worse. He was born in 1918, okay, killing an innocent woman, whether he meant to or not, was not something he could make peace with. He wanted to talk to her parents and her boyfriend, wanted to apologize, but Redditch had denied him permission. And then he'd muttered a snide comment under his breath that if women wanted to be on active duty they could suffer the consequences. Steve's super hearing had picked up the comment just fine and he'd had to force himself to walk away or he'd have pummeled the guy. He figured that 'broken trust' would be more acceptable than telling his superiors that he would punch the man in the face if he ever saw him again. That might be seen as insubordination, after all, and then Steve would not get to go somewhere where he could do
“You a good Christian boy?” Tony's whisper has an edge to it now, and his fingertips are trailing down Steve's abdomen. The feathery touch makes him shiver. He scrunches his eyes shut, forcing himself to keep breathing through his nose.
That led right to feeling irrationally angry at Howard for fucking up Tony's view of Steve in his formative years. Familiar terrain, that, because if there was one person Tony was used to being angry at, it was Howard Stark.
"I am not afraid to be mortal. I am not afraid to die. I would like to see the kingdom of heaven and sit at my Lord's side."
Tony looked up from his work. A soft smile played on his face with the flickering of the fire light. "I'm collecting charcoal."
"Okay. Fine. Please go take a hot shower. Or use the sauna in the poolhouse. Anything to warm you up besides your righteous wrath. My teeth are chattering just from looking at you. And your outfit offends my eyes."
“Consider this payback for all the times you played tonsil hockey with an endless parade of redheads right in front of me, Buck.”
As the line progressed, the names of the people he was introduced to became more and more familiar. They had wizarding laws named after their family, or they featured in the pages of the Daily Prophet and Steve was glad he was annoyed by all the subtle digs at his own ancestry and Tony’s health; otherwise he would have been intimidated. He wondered how many more of these people he could take before he did something stupid and humiliating.
It hadn't been there this morning, when he left for work. He had a bad night last night, worse than usual, his dreams full of blood and Bucky screaming, and he had woken up drenched in sweat with the smell of gunpowder in his nose, his heart beating overtime. He hadn't dared to go back to sleep so he'd sketched till dawn. Then he'd choked down some coffee in the hopes it would clear his head and torn up all the drawings he'd done. They were shit anyway, like everything else he'd done since he came back from Afghanistan. He'd left for the high school with a persistent little headache brewing, which had steadily gotten worse during the day, due to some particularly unmotivated students and it had reached its peak at the department meeting after school, where, just like every single year before, he had to explain you could not teach an art class without a budget for art supplies. And that those supplies never actually went down in price.
next to him. Steve yelped in shock as the bike crashed down and the jagged piece of machinery tumbled right after. He took a shaky step backwards and when he felt the wall through his sweat soaked shirt, he slid down it until he was seated on the floor, yanking Tony down beside him. For a moment they just sat there, panting, Tony leaning heavily into Steve’s shoulder. The moisture of his breath tickled the hair on Steve’s arm and Steve repressed a shiver.
She was only slightly less afraid of him in human form, at least initially. Her eyes widened as she listened to Tony speak gibberish and then she swiveled with alacrity as JARVIS translated from the empty suit. But she wasn't stupid. As soon as JARVIS had managed to convince her wasn't going to eat her, rape her or sacrifice her to Beelzebub, that she was welcome to stay here instead of being burned to a crisp, she saw the advantages of not being dead.
He finds Tony. The man is struggling with a massive roll of orange fencing, hammer shoved into a loop on his cargo shorts. Steve wants to keep walking, pretend he didn't see him, to deal with the uncomfortable flutter in his gut somewhere out of sight, but there is no way he's going to be able to pull that off. Why did he have to go look for Tony? What the hell is he doing to himself?
A disembodied, “Thank you, Sir,” came floating from somewhere between the chandeliers. Tony, Steve noticed, matched the decor perfectly. With his pale robes, he could have been Narnia’s Ice Queen if it hadn’t been for his warm brown eyes. Steve had come to love the way they narrowed when Tony smiled, but he wasn’t smiling right now.
"No. I mean. I don't know. I need to open his armor. I need to make sure he can breathe. I don't now how it opens!" Steve was frantically running his fingers over the armor to see if he could find a latch of some sort.
"So, according to the opinions expressed in that team meeting you missed this morning, fraternization within the team should be no problem, but -" Steve began.
“Did you know there are very salacious videos of him online? Have you seen them?” The bitch was practically drooling.
Shit. Tony whirled around. He’d left his bedroom door open and all four young adult cats were excitedly exploring the kitchen. Thor was batting at the water that came out of the dripping faucet. Brucie was standing under said faucet and ducked his head every time a drop hit him between the ears, but he didn’t move away. Sometimes Tony thought his rainy ordeal might have caused just a smidgen of brain damage, because he seemed to make even poorer life choices that the other ones. Clint, of course, was stalking something on top of the kitchen cupboards and Tasha… Holy fuck, Tasha had already managed to catch a mouse! She was beaming with pride as she deposited it at Tony’s feet and Tony couldn’t help but smile proudly too. God he hated to have to lock them back up in his tiny room.
“I have a strong suspicion that that is two more orgasms than he has shared with anyone else. And he is not just pining, he is pining and sulking. First it was ‘Tony says…. Tony says... Tony says…’ day in, day out. Clint started calling it
Steve strolled into Tony's workshop as if there weren't layers upon layers of security to prevent strangers walking in.
It had taken months for the hope to die. The hope that somebody, anybody, would figure out how to bring him back. Tony was supposed to be a genius, wasn't he? And Thor should by rights be able to undo what his brother did. Surely somebody would care enough to come for him. He had expected it to happen any day. But nobody had come. Month after month had passed and here he still was, without a clue of how to get back. If he was completely honest, a big part of his reluctance to fit in here was petulance and self pity. He'd been working so hard on fitting into the future for two years straight and he'd finally started feeling somewhat at home and somewhat connected to people like Sam and Natasha. And it had all been for nothing. Now he was living among people who didn't even know America existed or that the Earth moved around the Sun and he'd only stopped screaming his frustration into his pillow at night a few months ago.
"Don't sass me, you doddering stack of punch cards. This is no joke. There won't even be any coffee here for the next six hundred years or so." Saying it out loud made it uncomfortably real. He turned his attention back to the trembling knight to divert himself from the sinking feeling in his gut. The man was now fumbling with a sack tied to his horse's saddle. He shouted some more gibberish and the horse started walking backwards slowly while the man tossed the sack towards Tony. The top opened and gold and silver coins spilled out, plus a candlestick. Tony felt momentarily insulted that they were trying to buy him off. Like he couldn't flatten this sorry excuse for a village in under five minutes. Like a bag of gold coins were going to tempt him, Tony Stark, genius, playboy, billionaire, philanthropist. And then he realized two things pretty much simultaneously.
“If it was Clint, I’d say go for the blue, he deserves it. But we don’t want to piss Bruce off today, when he really needs to keep it together. Maybe we have time to go to The Hague?” Natasha was dubious. Tony sighed. He didn’t want to rush there and back. At all.
Tony chose not to answer the question, so he wouldn't lie. He started pacing around the little cave they were in, looking into the nooks and crannies. There had to be another source of oxygen in this space, or Percival would have asphyxiated already with the manhole cover closed. Steve would probably have lasted longer, but there was no telling how long. Meanwhile, he talked.
"Hey," he answered, eloquently. His fingers twitched a little and he felt Steve fractionally push his face into hand in response, as if it had been a caress. Which made him want to slide his hand along the jaw in wonder. He stopped himself just in time.
"Right," said Tony, "So you, Mr Bell, don't actually do anything but oversee a yearly donation to the Pentagon?"
“No, Tony. You’ve done enough for me. I can never pay you back as it is. I knew when I shaved the beard that my time was up. Even if I wish we’d had longer…”
“No, I mean... I can't learn to dance. I just..... can't.” Steve sat down heavily on the stupid round bed and buried his face in his hands. At times like this it seemed like yesterday that he had woken up in a world without Peggy, without Bucky, without Howard or anybody else that remembered him as just Steve, and not a personification of the all-American hero. Who currently happened to be the awkward little secret of the US Armed Forces. At times like this he could barely contain the grief about failing to die when everyone he loved had done so and left him the loneliest man in world. Out of time, out of place, out of friends.
Unable to get up (unless he wanted to dislodge cats, which always ended with him on the wrong end of small sharp claws) he mentally pictured Bruce’s room and tried to figure out where to put his desk and loveseat. He’d have to get a bed, because Bruce had taken his own. Or maybe he should have another loft bed built. Then he could get a slightly bigger couch and create a corner for the cat boxes and maybe even one of those cat trees, so they’d stay out of the curtains. That was only going to work though if he got a corner desk and put his Pentium tower on some shelves, else he’d be blocking the radiator…
So this chapter is un-beta'd, because it's been 2 years and I don't think my betas even remember this story.
"You would have gone off on a six month motherfucking bender in Malibu. Fat lot of good that would have done me. I needed you on the fucking ship."
“Easy now, soldier,” Tony murmurs, but then he uses Steve's instinctive lift of the hip to slide his pants down his ass and shift him towards the edge of the chair.  Suddenly Steve is sitting bare-assed on the very edge of the tacky leather seat, with his leaking cock slapping against his belly.
. If we leave now, they won't be able to find us again." Tony spluttered a little more but stopped fighting Steve's hold on him as they waltzed on. Any pleasure there was to be had in the dancing was gone, though.
were you thinking, Tony!?!" Steve snarled. "What, in gods name, would possess you to go drive a race car in a fucking Grand Prix?! And ditching me to do it! Are you out of your fucking mind?! You know what could have happened, even without that lunatic showing up? Are you
, he couldn't afford. The fucking palladium in the arc reactor was going to kill him sooner than he thought and the last series of failed attempts at finding a substitute had failed quite spectacularly just yesterday. So he was a little on edge and these smug assholes on the dais were just presenting themselves as sitting ducks, really.
"Okay, let's get out of this shitshow," his voice distorted by the armor. "I can only carry one at a time in this suit. Clint, you first. You can cover me when I go back for Steve. Let's go Mr . Everdeen."
He lied, because for the next few hours Steve stood in the eye of a storm of needles, threads, measuring tapes, buttons, scissors and a lot of silent judgment and Tony was nowhere to be seen. A house elf he didn’t know yet thankfully brought him lunch at some point.
Tony looked disconsolately at the offerings in the ship's duty-free-yet-still-overpriced electronics store. He sorely wished he'd had more time to prepare for this trip, but the damned spa treatments had eaten up most of the precious few hours after leaving Fury's office. So here he was without anything lethal that he could hide in a tux. Formal night tonight. Whoop dee doo.
He squeezed Steve’s hand a little and Steve responded by weaving their fingers together, causing another dangerous spike in Tony’s heart rate. Holy shit, what torture was this?
“I can see why you're scared. That's quite intimidating.” Stark jerked his chin at a realistic looking forearm with a balled fist that had been packed with the sex toys. He looked aside to catch Steve's eye. Steve looked back. Stark's smile bloomed into a blinding grin that came across as just a little bit deranged and more than a little bit evil. And Steve could not help but grin back, suddenly feeling a little less pathetically lost.
"Your fucking escort would be lucky to escape without casualties, you asshole! I tossed two dozen overboard, some of them unconscious and I don't know how many have been shot by Hawkeye! Or how fatally. Are you seriously telling me you risked the lives of these soldiers to administer a fucking
"Not like that, Tony, I want to touch you." Tony flung himself backwards onto the bed, pulling Steve with him.
It was over embarrassingly soon. Tony came within a minute of Steve actually touching his dick and then he held Steve as he silently shuddered through his own release, face buried in Tony's neck. Tony was still trying to get his breath back when he suddenly felt Steve stiffen in his arms. He was having second thoughts, then, not unexpectedly, but that didn't mean Tony had to put up with that shit. The last thing he wanted right now was to watch Steve stammer awkwardly through an existential gay crisis of some sort. He gripped Steve by the chin and pulled him into another kiss. A soft one that belied the firm hold he had on him. Not that Steve couldn't break free if he wanted to of course, but it was only meant to communicate the fact that Tony didn't want him to pull back, and as such it did the trick. It only took a few seconds for Steve to relax into his grip and return the kiss. Mission accomplished, so Tony broke it. He didn't pull back far, though.
Now the hours passed like days. Every minute or two Steve stopped and forced a few breaths into Tony through mouth to mouth, just in case. Their progress was agonizingly slow as they crossed swell after swell, an endless monotony of up and down in the cold gray water. Steve prayed they would make it before it got dark. He didn't give much for their chance of navigating through the no doubt rocky swells after the sun went down.
“Or, we could just strip the dye out of yours, Stark and have you go back to your natural state of salt and pepper. If Porter's man enough to age gracefully, I'm sure you could man up too.”
Tony yawned and pulled his shirt over his head, exposing his leanly muscular chest and a trail of dark hair leading from his navel into his pants. Steve’s eyes widened and his mouth went suddenly dry. He quickly flipped onto his back, slamming a pillow down on his groin and fixing his stare on the ceiling, as Tony made his way into the bathroom.
Tony retreated to the altar and watched the fight. As unnerving as the thing was, watching Steve fight was like poetry in motion. Usually when they fought, Tony was too busy fighting alongside to really pay attention. The man was fucking beautiful and Tony felt a familiar tightening in his lower abdomen. He swallowed. No. Nonono. This was not on. This was so not on. He and Steve were BFFs now, at least while they were stuck here together, and Tony wasn't going to fuck that up by adding lust to the mix. They really didn't need that kind of complication at the best of times and these were so not the best of times. He told himself that, intellectually, he could admire Steve's deadly grace, but there was absolutely no need at all to follow that up with wondering how that would translate in the sack. No need. At. All. And the fact that the man was a virgin was irrelevant too. That was Steve's business and not Tony's concern. At
He told himself to knock it off with the maudlin shit already. Tomorrow he was going to Wales, hopefully to find Steve or at least lure him here. He made a mental note to have JARVIS analyze the suit's power use during the trip. Somehow, it had felt a little... weak the last couple of days. Which was impossible, so he shouldn't worry about it. But gathering data never hurt anyone.
"I don't believe you would want to know, squire. Just know that it would tarnish the purity of his soul if it were to be reality." The way the man almost smacked his lips when he said the word 'soul' made Tony's hackles rise.
"Right," said Tony. "I guess we're getting a tree. I suppose having Happy come bring the Limo to transport it for us would be the kind of cheating only us soulless people do too?"
"Fucking hell," said Clint, who had legendary eyesight, "electric zodiac. With.... 12 men in it. Wow. Widow was wrong. That doesn't happen much. You sure they're not some random terrorist organization here to kidnap some other annoying rich dude?"
Immediately he was surrounded by a bright blue glow and his hand started to tingle. The feeling quickly moved up his arm.
Oh. Way to put your foot in it, Steve. Compound the grief with trauma, why don't you? He scrambled for something to say.
“Sooooo,” Tony starts, and Steve can hear the laughter in his voice. He's equal parts embarrassed, aroused and anxious and it's a painful churn in his chest. “You could watch the game, or we can play a game.”
"Fine. Then yes, as far as I am concerned, we are." He felt a brief moment of panic that Steve, maybe, possibly, didn't feel that way about Tony at all. That he'd read it all wrong.
"Who cares?" said Tony, "We're not staying here. JARVIS! Get us a cab." When a cab showed up not two minutes later, Tony had the man drop them off at Termini Station, where they zigzagged through the crowds a few times and then hailed another cab.
Only then did he notice that Tony was still struggling and that he had a death grip on the other boy’s face. Furious black eyes bored into his from only inches away, the brown irises swallowed by the pupils. Steve’s breath caught in his throat and his mouth went dry. He was immediately and urgently aware that he had never been this close to Tony Stark before. It was… unsettling. And exhilarating. Like touching the tip of your tongue to the end of a battery.
Steve shrugged. “It’s a technicality. MIA, I guess.  But as soon as I show my face at a base and it turns out I haven’t been a POW for the last 6 months, I’ll be charged with desertion.”
Instead of translating, JARVIS addressed Tony, his tone so dry Tony could practically see the dust forming around the speakers. “
In the morning, Elayne had found a broom somewhere and was busy sweeping out her room. She looked like she was planning to do the entire castle to firmly keep her mind off other stuff, so Tony thought it'd be wise to make himself scarce and do some more recon.
Florrie dished Percival out some gruel while the tall knight carefully emptied the buckets in the fresh water barrel and then they both joined them at the table.
He was so successful at the last that Howard cut off all his funding to try and force him to come home. It didn’t work. By the time the credit card stopped working, Tony had already paid the ridiculously low tuition and one of the PhD students that ran a lab Tony was in had taken a shine to the new kid and got him a job with his uncle who ran Cafe De Wijnhaven. Tony worked his ass off all day, bussed tables and changed kegs in the 17th century beer cellar under the bar at night, and got a share of the tips on top of his minimum wage. And he bought a bicycle off a junkie to get around town with.
"Yeah, that sounds a lot like the crap my father used to spout," Tony retorted and he added in Howard's cadence, "Stop being so needy, boy, we weren't sentimental during the war and I am not about to start with you. Captain America never let sentiment cloud his decisions and you shouldn't either." He paused and Steve wanted to shout "The hell? Why did Howard think I went for those Hydra prisoners if it wasn't for sentiment about losing Bucky?" but he bit his tongue. Tony continued in his normal voice. "God, I fucking hated hearing about that dude when I was a teen. Nothing like being required to live up to the posthumous idolatry of an American Hero. I'm glad he's still fish food..... Although, maybe if my father had found him, like he tried for three decades, he could have buried the guy and moved on.
He sighed. "Right. So I can't see anything and you can't sense anything... I guess we wait for daylight."
Like hell he did. He was running on three hours of sleep max, hadn't showered in days, and hadn't bothered cleaning up after the fight either, because he'd needed to strangle his humiliation by working himself into oblivion. He still smelled vaguely fishy even. His black wife beater was stained and torn, so were the black jeans he was wearing and he knew from experience that the goggles pushed up in his hair gave him that very unsexy mad scientist look. Still, he knew what Steve meant. The man could have shown up in a chicken suit with a big zit on his nose and he still would have looked like manna from heaven to Tony's Steve-starved eyes. It really wasn't the same when they were both suited up and screaming.
When he rounded a copse of trees, he spotted the man, but he wasn't alone. About two hundred yards down the track Percival was talking to a lady, who was holding a beautiful black horse by the reins. The animal was pawing the muddy ground restlessly and tossing his manes. As Steve watched the lady handed the reins to Percival, who looked delighted. Suddenly wary, Steve made to call out to Percival, but the man had already jumped into the saddle. As soon as his butt hit the leather, the horse was off and Steve's cry got stuck in his throat. Within seconds the horse had disappeared around the bend, its speed way beyond anything that could be considered natural. The lady turned to Steve, smiled at him and then vanished into thin air.
It was early morning and Tony was welding the last of his particle accelerator together. And suddenly there was Steve’s laugh, clear as day. Tony jerked and almost fucked up the weld.
But Steve smiled again as if that had been exactly what he wanted to hear. He had shoved his hands in his pockets and inclined his head towards the darkness of the alley.
On the bad nights, he'd toss and turn on his bunk and torture himself with an exquisite combination of memories and the certainty that Tony didn't care about him anymore. On those nights it seemed impossible to even imagine Tony would care, or could ever have cared for him. Even if Steve hadn't lied to him for five days straight, the man had everything: popularity, intellect, money, looks and the Avengers. The fuck could he ever want from Steve besides a roll in the hay?
“Just rest your hands on the back of my chair and lean over my shoulder a bit as if you're trying to read the screen. Everybody will be too preoccupied with your ridiculous shoulder-to-waist ratio to see what I am doing. If you stick your ass back a bit we may even get some free drinks out of this.” The leaning and looming wasn't that hard, and if Stark hadn't mentioned his ass, maybe he'd have been totally unselfconscious about pushing it back. But now he was hyper aware of the way his pants -capris- whatever, pulled down a bit when he leaned forward. Was the tattoo showing? 'Tramp stamp' Stark had called it. Steve wasn't sure whether that meant any tattoo, any tattoo above your ass crack, or compass rose tattoos above your ass crack in particular. By the time Steve managed to pull his attention away from his ass and how to prevent it from being on display while still leaning forward, Stark had dismantled part of the computer and hooked up something that looked like one of those pocket phones.
The room was filling up now. Mostly press, from what he could see. Steve’s story had gotten a lot of coverage when he had first disappeared and had supposedly been kidnapped. Tony himself had been followed by reporters ever since he’d arrived back in the States, thanks to the fucking Times article. And then, somehow, someone had put two and two together and the press had exploded with headlines of the ‘The Lost Heir And The Lost Soldier’ and “America’s Prodigal Sons Return” and ‘Mysterious Savior Revealed!’ variety. It was a total pain in the ass. With her deadly efficiency, Pepper had been fending off reporters, the woman was truly worth her weight in gold, but it had barely calmed speculations at all.
Both men spun around and Tony smiled at the sight of Steve in his full Captain America get up striding into the workshop. He must have just returned from his visit to the Children's Hospital, one of the many charities Steve was involved in. It was a good thing Tony had Jarvis quietly screen Steve's calls, or he'd be volunteering for 5 year olds' birthday parties too and Tony would never see him again. Steve was sporting a lopsided smile and his eyes were twinkling behind the cowl. Tony grinned back.
"Steve! No! I got this! Don't!" But a big splash not far from him made clear that he'd shouted too late. It was hard to see in the murky water, even with the armor's sensors, but it seemed like Steve had borrowed a large knife from Widow. He was doing a decent job hacking at the tentacles, but it was never going to work, he had no hope of killing the damn thing. Tony cursed and got the repulsors aligned so that he would hit squid and not Steve and let them blast. He must have hit it in just the right spot and he'd have to replay the footage later to figure out what that was, because the thing exploded into bite size pieces. Not that Tony had any appetite left. He grabbed Steve around the waist and flew them both out of the water and back onto the promenade. He didn't even wait before the man had taken a breath before he started.
Go. The answer should be go. Steve knows this, but he doesn't want to know it. He gets up and opens the sliding glass door. It's completely dark outside and the air is so still not even the grass is rustling. The day's heat hasn't dissipated yet and he knows it's one of those nights where he'll have to turn up the air conditioner to make the upstairs cool enough to fall asleep. That trailer is going to be miserable still. A goat bleats in the distance and Steve smiles as he looks back at Tony, who is now sprawling back on the couch with a small smirk on his face. The relief at having overcome whatever weird spell Tony held over him makes Steve feel magnanimous.
Tony was normally a very active participant in table conversations whenever they had meals together, but this evening he kind of let the whole thing flow over him. Bruce and Thor were talking science and normally Tony would at least be trying to follow that conversation, but Clint and Natasha were making plans to go to Budapest in summer. Apparently Clint had made it to the semi-finals of some dart tournament that would be held there and Natasha wanted to see it, now that the Iron Curtain had come down. Steve had a couple of suggestions of stuff to see on the way and Tony was just happy to watch them talk. To be honest, he was mostly watching Steve’s profile as the warm light played over his features and maybe it was the beer (which had a fairly spectacular amount of alcohol in it), or maybe it was the fact that he was dry and warm and in good company while the rain lashed against the dark windows behind him, but he couldn’t really recall ever feeling this comfortable before. He was almost giddy with it. Was this what happiness felt like, he wondered.
What followed was a tale of big indifferences and small cruelties. The story of a bright child who tried desperately to please his father only to be ridiculed or ignored. Whose father fed him on stories of his own brilliance and Captain America's heroic deeds, but when Tony tried to emulate the former he got disdain. When he had played at being the latter, as kids are wont to do, his father had laughed derisively and told him he'd never be good enough. It was a story of endless nannies and multiple boarding schools, of forgotten birthdays, trashed treasures and negative attention being better than no attention at all.
Yet, he couldn't help but admire the play of the powerful muscles in his arms and legs, the strong hands gripping the shield, the total focus and determination on Steve's face and he couldn't help imagining being held down by all that strength and having all that focus directed at himself. To be helpless and begging for release while Steve took him apart. To be totally at his mercy...
. Way too slow for a combat situation and he was going to have to work on that too as soon as he was home. It gave him plenty of time, though, to wipe the blood out of his eye and watch and admire Steve as he spun circles around Whiplash, full of deadly grace. Tony had watched Steve work out in the gym before. In fact, he had saved some 'special' recordings of that on a deeply hidden part of his servers for his own personal pleasure, but it had been nothing like this. Not even close. This was the real thing. This was why Steve was Captain America and Tony realized with a pang of apprehension that that particular cat was out of the bag now, what with all the cameras trained on them. Someone, somewhere, had probably connected the dots as of thirty seconds ago and Steve would be all over the internet in another thirty. And he would lose Steve to fame and fortune and other people. He grit his teeth.
"Coulson has the plans. He's good, but he isn't on the ground, so they usually go to shit at some point and then we all just kind of improvise."
"Honestly, Doll, fuck you so very much. Why are you not even a little bit hungover? I watched you drink."
“I think I proved my point,” he said with his mouth full, and Steve nodded. It was hard to believe he hadn’t been able to do it an hour ago, it seemed like the simplest thing on the planet now.
Tony went off on a happy tangent about computer animation and CGI and motion capture and he even pulled out his tablet and showed Steve photoshop and several drawing programs.
He had a feeling he'd miss Tony, though. He'd miss the wicked sense of humor and the... touching. But that wasn't real. Steve had had to remind himself of that multiple times yesterday. It wasn't real... But fuck if he couldn't enjoy it while it lasted. His councilor on base had called him touch-starved, well... Tony was fixing that, all by himself.
“Trust me, Steve. Just because they were published in a peer reviewed journal doesn’t mean the authors knew what they were talking about. Those particular ones are only fit for the litter box. Or to light fires with. That would be acceptable too.”
“No, he hasn’t.” Bucky turned his head towards the front of the room again, signaling the end of their tete-a-tete.
It was almost 2 am when J.A.R.V.I.S. announced Steve's return. Tony hoofed it up the stairs and arrived in the kitchen at the same time as Steve. Looking Steve up and down he decided that whatever Steve had gone to do it hadn't been a happy thing. He breathed a little sigh of relief that Steve apparently hadn't gone and gotten laid or anything, but then told himself off for being that petty. Not that it would shock anyone that he was petty. Still, he could strive to be a better than that.
Tony manfully un-scrunched his eyes and marveled at sight of Steve: sweaty, messy, bruised, debauched, beard burned and with a look of naked longing in his eyes so strong it might have been able to raise Tony from the dead. Which was good, because Tony was fairly sure his orgasm was going to break the arc reactor. When Steve finally started moving,
"Because, Mr. Stark, right now this is going to be painted as the immaculate American Hero versus the Dehumanizing Military Bureaucracy. As much as the public opinion is going to be on Captain America's side for this, because his story is just
And later, once he’d fallen back to earth and the Hulk had roared him back to life, he’d stared up at the sky and wondered how he had gotten so fucking lucky. Again. He tried to sound flippant when Steve moved into his line of sight, but it sounded a little shaky, even to his own ears.
"It was not I who judged him. It was God who favored my sword and therefore my words. God made it clear I was in the right."
It's not so bad at first. Steve introduces himself and Goat Man's name turns out to be Tony. There is an awkward moment when Tony comes into the living room and takes in Steve's mom's Hummel figurine collection. He obviously has an opinion on grown men and Hummel, but thankfully he says nothing. Steve shows him the washer and the shower and then he gets about twenty minutes to settle back in with his book.
They didn't run, but walked quickly over the Piazza Navona, got into a cab at the corner, sped through traffic in ways even more insane than that morning, jumped out at the train station, where they once again zig zagged through the crowds, which was a veritable mob of going home commuters at this time of day. Bursting out a back door, there was indeed another cab waiting and they made their way out of the center until they came to a steel and glass monstrosity that could only be Stark's local chapter of Grandiose Overachievers. Tony pushed his way into the front seat of the cab and dug a badge out of his wallet to open some really impressive looking gates and proceeded to direct the cabbie to an out of the way corner of the parking garage. There was a limo waiting, with a congenial looking man beside it. Tony thrust a handful of bills at the cabby and told him to get out,
He found himself an unoccupied room along the corridor and settled himself on the bare bed with his Starkpad to while away a couple of hours.
Steve sat astride the stone bench with his new sketchbook between his legs trying to get the frantic expression of the half submerged horse just right. The sun was warm on his neck, the fountain water smelled faintly like chlorine and all around were the sounds of children and people talking, and subdued traffic noises from further away. Tony was on the other half of the bench, feet on the seat and tablet on his knees while he used Steve's back as a recliner. His weight was a pleasantly warm and solid presence. Occasionally he'd mutter something to JARVIS about a particular bit of armor design and once he mentioned staple guns, but he obviously didn't need Steve's input. He was just
Tony had reached Steve, who had drawn himself upright and had watched him come closer with super stoic face. Tony felt at a distinct disadvantage, being shorter and so much weaker and with the bum leg on top of that.
Tony snorted. "If they come any more civilized than you I don't want to know about it, sweetheart." Steve laughed again, then seemed to slowly drift off back to sleep. Tony lay awake for while, until Steve shifted and threw an arm across Tony's chest, softly breathing against his neck. Oh Jesus fuck it, there was that cow-eyes-in-the-moonlight-thing again. He sternly told his dick this was all perfectly innocent and there was absolutely no need to rise to the occasion even as he pushed backwards to fit a little snugger under Steve's arm. He was never going to fall asleep with someone breathing on him like this. But that was the last coherent thought he had.
me. If I remember correctly,” and he glared at his teammates, because what the fuck had they been telling Steve and why even mention that awkward episode at all? “If I remember correctly, I expressed violent disbelief that you would dislike me more than you liked Sam or Natasha, because I thought I knew you couldn't possibly like me more than them.”
"Steve, you are the type of man who won't go get what he wants if he can't justify it for some altruistic reason. This is bullshit, of course. If you want Tony you should just go get him, screw the rest of the world. But let me give you your altruistic reasons. You need to come home because the Avengers need you. We need your type of leadership. We need Captain America. And we need you, because without you we'll lose Iron Man too. He needs to either be with you or get over you, in order to get out of his self-destructive funk, and for either of those things to happen he needs to see you." She paused and looked at Steve intently. It made him feel cold. "That, or I could kill you. Then he'd eventually get over you too. I prefer happy endings though. I am a romantic at heart." She smiled sweetly. Yeah. Right. Like Steve was going to believe
If you considered 'knowing' to be the equivalent of 'thinking someone was fictional up until 5 seconds ago', then sure. "Not really. Just rumors. Where is Camelot? I think I need to invite this particular group of knights personally."
At the end of the afternoon, at the point where Thistlethwaite had spent at least half an hour just regarding Steve and his new robes from every possible angle and making minute adjustments that only he could see, the door banged open.
Tony turned his attention back to Steve. “That. And Fury's message implied Black Widow thought Hydra might show up around now. Although I have no clue why she would be involved in this. Me and Fury are going to have a
"Hey, Tony." Natasha said when he plopped himself down. She had changed a bit. It was hard to tell what made him think so, specifically, she just didn't seem as ready to string him up and flay him alive. Not that she didn't seem ready to do that at all, just not
“Yes!” Tony beamed, then dimmed the wattage when Steve frowned at him with comically downturned eyebrows. “No. Not really. But it’s a good start! Proves that we still want each other and then, afterwards, we can communicate properly and take it from there.”
“Come on, it isn’t that hard to see. Short and dark, kind of a douchebag? Weakness for pretty blondes? I’m sure you can see the family resemblance.”
"Okay, spill," said Tony, tearing the bread into chunks and pouring the wine into goblets. "Where the hell have you been and what have you done with yourself?"
"Now that we're off the boat and we can hide our datastream in one of the numerous hotel wifis, I am hacking snapchat so we can send Fury an encrypted message. There, that should do it." He snapped a picture of the Colosseum and wrote: "When in Rome.... what are our friends doing?" It took a couple of minutes and then Tony got a picture back of Fury's desk. It said "its 4 motherfucking am and im at my desk waiting for your sister to call dont bug me"
“What happened?" shouted the angry pixie, "What happened is that you should never have let that sniveling twat go when she wanted to go home. When she said it must have a been a mistake. I told you she would stir up trouble. I told you she was going to make up some horror story about us god forsaken witches and the things we get up to. I told you she'd be back with her whole damned village in tow!" She paused for breath while Tony struggled to a seated position, pieces of armor rolling every which way. He didn't seem aware of Steve's presence yet and ended up with his back to him, facing the angry woman. She continued. "And lo and behold, the entire damned village shows up, frothing at the mouth, with pitchforks and shovels and you can't even get into the air anymore to scare them off! How the hell were you planning on stopping them? By annoying them to death like you do me?!"
Natalie was staring at Steve and she seemed put out. Fury was staring at Tony, though, weirdly enough.
"He's not a demon!" Steve had to raise his voice to make Percival hear him. "He is my friend and he- goddamn it!" People were pushing him. He turned and stood wide legged over Tony, his shield between them and the crowd that was busy whipping itself back into a frenzy. Percival put himself shoulder to shoulder with Steve, unquestioningly.
Steve woke up in the morning and noticed he had slipped sideways down the wall onto the bed. He wondered briefly if Tony had slipped down with him and had slept draped over his side and he'd missed it. He'd never know, because Tony was gone now and it wasn't like he'd ever ask him. He blinked in the bright morning light and scrambled out of the bed. Things looking different in the morning wasn't a good thing in this case. There were so many problems they hadn't addressed yet. He decided to leave his chain mail in the heap were it was, knowing he'd pay for that later. There was no such thing as rust free steel here and mail needed a ridiculous amount of care. But he needed to find Tony first. Apparently the need to have the man within sight at all times hadn't worn off yet after ten hours or so. That, and they needed to start planning. Fair enough. He knew exactly where Tony would be anyway.
In the middle of the honey dispensing process he noticed Steve had stopped shoveling gruel into his mouth. Because Steve was now staring at him with something very close to disbelief in his eyes.
It wasn’t all kittens and rainbows, though. Steve had frequent nightmares and flailed when woken up from them, as the shiner Tony sported for a week could attest. And he frequently just… blew up. The first time it happened was when Tony had thoughtlessly nicked a piece of toast from Steve’s plate and crammed it in his mouth. Steve’s reaction was explosive and Tony had been scared shitless for a second and then he’d gotten pissed and there was lots of shouting for a long time, until they’d finally slid down the wall together, crying and clinging to each other. Steve had apologized for days.
Tony reluctantly sidled out of the kitchen, purposely avoiding the table. The tree they had brought home last night was standing next to the fireplace and Maria Hill was stringing it full of lights. Otherwise it was still undecorated. He wandered over, tasting the beer. Yowza. Strong. He barely managed to swallow without coughing.
Three weeks later, Tony had moved into a spacious and sunny apartment on the southern edge of town. It even had a tiny walled garden, so he installed a cat flap and didn’t have to worry about cat boxes any more. Except that it took about a week for Brucie to figure out how it worked, while Tony shoved him back and forth through the thing several times a day. After that, though, things were fine.
Elayne did the little shriek that JARVIS had wisely omitted, when he had finally gotten around to translating. She scrambled back a little on the table.
It is a block day and his last period is officially his prep period. He's not supposed to leave the premises, but he's decided halfway through second period that he doesn't care if he gets in trouble. If nothing's changed in the last year or so the Vet Center should be running a group this afternoon and Steve needs talk to someone bad. He doesn't understand. He hasn't wanted to talk to anyone for so long and it was fine, well, maybe not
"Whoa! Wait a minute. What do you mean you overheard as we were walking down the hall? You were with me the whole time."
"What is he seeing?" Tony didn't really care. The curiosity he felt about what could make Steve look so happy didn't compare to the rapidly rising dread that something was very, very wrong here. He needed to figure out what the hell was going on and the nasty cassocked bastard hadn't spontaneously started monologuing. Yet. Tony still had hope he could goad him into it.
"That would be awesome. Totally awesome." Tony busied himself with the coffeemaker to avoid having to look at her. Not that she wouldn't look through that in a millisecond and make him pay for it later, but he just didn't know what else to do. Looking at Steve wasn't an option either.
And then Steve turned his head and smiled at him. Their eyes locked and Tony’s stomach did a backflip.
Abdel had no answer to that, obviously, and glanced at his wife for help. Yamilla raised an eyebrow and made some 'get on with it' motions with her hands. The lady was getting a little impatient. Tony was about to rub it in a little more, to expound on his feelings of being left out, figuring he could at least get the promise of a blow job out of it, but before he could speak, Steve yanked on his hand. The stunned look had finally gone. He was glaring at Tony pretty impressively now and jerked his head towards the exit. Fun times were over, apparently. Tony sighed.
Finding Steve was easily the most depressing job Tony had ever had. And some days he was even counting pretending to build a big gun in a cave in Afghanistan with a hole in his chest among those. At least he'd had tools there, and a plan. The first village had not been a fluke. Everyone he faced as Iron Man either ran screaming or fell on their knees praying like televangelists. Asking if they'd seen or heard of a big blond dude with a star on his shield didn't produce any coherent answers and was therefore pointless.
....? the slashfiction? It eh... arouses her to see the gay men. She would like to watch... you." As his brain struggled to make the switch from Hydra to voyeuristic sex, Tony considered tasering the guy on general principle. For not being Hydra. And for making him feel stupid because he really should have seen this coming a mile away. It wasn't like he hadn't been propositioned with a smorgasbord of sexual permutations before, after all. Usually they were a bit more suave about it, but he'd run into the bumbling kind too. He gave Abdel a toothy grin, that the man seemed to take as a good sign. Which was a bit premature, because Tony was planning on having some fun with this first. Before he'd turn him down, of course, because he doubted Steve would be.....
Just as he was starting to to wonder whether the open gate had been a decoy, whether he was in the wrong section altogether, he glimpsed a hint of blue light in the corner of his eye. It was glinting off a few minerals way down a corridor to the left, the source hidden around a corner. Steve stopped and turned his light off. The darkness was oppressive but it would hide Steve well if he was silent. Soundlessly he made his way down the corridor, halting when he heard voices. He almost started getting sentimental prematurely when he recognized one of them as Tony's. Not dead. Tony wasn't dead..... He stopped to swallow down his relief.
Steve to manhandle him. Steve went instantly, painfully hard. He lunged forward and shoved his tongue into Tony's mouth and after that everything dissolved into a frantic whirlwind of lips, hands, tongues, teeth and more skin than Steve had ever laid his hands on. It was absolutely fucking glorious.
The next few hours were a blur. Steve shook so many hands he thought he might need a brace the next day, or some actual healing spells. There was exquisite, delicate food on silver trays that meandered among the throngs of people. There was dancing and Steve was so glad there had been a yule ball last year and he’d paid attention at the dancing lessons. He only got to dance with Tony for a second before people were cutting in left and right and he ended up dancing with so many witches that he wished someone would hex him. Then there was more mingling, with Tony by his side, getting into conversations that Steve could barely make sense of. The one thing that was starting to make sense, though -and Steve wished it didn’t- was Tony’s previous behavior at school. Steve had thought he had been an arrogant asshole then, and it looked like he was being one now, but it was so easy to see through that Steve didn’t understand how he’d never seen it before. It was a defense mechanism. The more unsafe Tony felt, apparently, the sharper he got. It was worse here than Hogwarts. Once in a while, when he was afraid Tony might actually inspire someone to challenge him to a duel, he’d place his hand on Tony’s arm or shoulder. Just because he didn’t want to see him get into mixups he would regret tomorrow. It seemed to help. There’d be a minute drop in his shoulders and Tony would change the subject, to everyone’s relief.
"The gist of it, Sir, is that you are her master in evil, and she has been worshiping you. Apparently she has brought ill luck and death to people and livestock in your honor."
It took him another hour to reach the village. It was deserted like all the others, so Steve went right through it to the coast. He started looking around for a boat when he noticed the tide had fallen and exposed a narrow land bridge. Thanking the stars, he crossed quickly through the squelchy sand and made his way up some stone stairs into the castle, leaving muddy footprints behind. There was no one at the gate, so he went inside. A few torches were lit along the hallways, though, and he followed the main one to what he assumed must be the center of the castle. He had no hands free, so when he came to a set of double doors, he kicked them open.
If a demon could look surprised, this one did. Which meant he couldn't read Tony's mind and that was the first good news Tony had had all day.
“Are you getting in?” he asked Rhodey, when the man kept hovering by the door. “Don’t we need to evaluate or something?”
"I had my suspicions. A military serum expert named Steve Rogers? That looked a carbon copy of the old Captain America? It wasn't rocket science. Don't know how the man survived, but -"
Steve followed him mutely and stood taking in Tony’s room with the loft bed and the desk and the tiny two seater couch, which was really more like a wide chair, while Tony dropped the duffel bag in a corner and busied himself with opening the can of tuna. The big index finger stroked each furry head in turn to keep them from squirming. It was soothing even to watch. Once he had placed the saucer of tuna on the floor, Steve put the kittens down and in silent agreement they both sat down next to them and watched them make their way on slightly wobbly legs towards the saucer and then onto the saucer as they tried to practically immerse themselves in their food.
"How fares Sir Galahad?" His voice was hesitant and his eyes cut over to Lancelot for a fraction of a second.
“Excuse you? You did exactly the same thing in 1944. And we won that time too. Wait. We won, didn’t we?”
hand?!" Tony sounded outraged, but in a breathless kind of way that meant that he really wasn't expecting an answer. Steve kissed him some more to shut him up and Tony seemed to be on board with that. Also with the hip grinding. Steve thought he'd could more than likely get off like this, but that wasn't what he wanted. He didn't know what he wanted.
He forces himself to walk slowly, as if he is only out for a morning stroll, but he isn't kidding himself. He needs to know if it's Tony is working on that fence. It's not entirely clear to him what would be better for his state of mind though, to find Tony or to not find Tony.
He didn’t see how Tony pulled the material of the jumper up to his nose and inhaled deeply, closing his eyes.
“Yes. Sure,” Tony answered reflexively. Then wanted to kick himself, because honestly, he wasn’t sure about that at all.
"Jesus Christ, Tony! And they let you out with the Avengers? Do you even know the basics of operating as a team? You can't
“Not keeping them. I’m going to bring them to the shelter on Monday, so I’ll just keep them in my room till then. After I catch their brothers and sisters too. Pim wants them out of the alley.”
As well he should. Steve was just now standing up in the shallow end of the pool, brushing back his hair from his face. Water was streaming aesthetically down all the planes and angles of his torso. Muscles were rippling with the movement of his arms and his tramp stamp was just peaking out of the back of the swim trunks. Then he ascended the stairs of the pool like the gay porn version of the the Birth of Venus. Tony wondered if his tablet would break if he slammed it down on his dick to make it behave. He checked back in with the swarthy dude. Still watching Steve, still flicking his eyes back to Tony on occasion. Tony turned his eyes to Steve, wondering if he was going to go back in or come over, but one of the women in the lounge chairs had seized the opportunity to go chat Steve up. Now that she could safely do so and not get her designer bikini wet. Although the way she was trying to climb him might cause some water damage anyway. Steve looked uncomfortable, but he wasn't peeling her off. He was shaking his head, which had absolutely no effect whatsoever on the pouty princess. Tony sighed and rolled his eyes. Of
“That'd be great. Imagine if you could stand up on the battlements and light up the sky with green fire.” He made and expansive gesture with his arms. Tony could certainly imagine it. It'd be a hell of a beacon for Steve. “Do you think you can?”
God, the itch to see him was unbearable. Steve tried to get a grips on his antsy feelings, but it was no use. He got up and paced, then did some martial arts, trying to find the calm in the eye of the storm. He'd just finished a particularly complicated sequence, when the hermit reappeared. Steve dropped into parade rest and regarded him warily.
“What? Steve, no! You don’t need to do this. We can hide you longer, for as long as you need. New identity, private island, it’s not hard… I could come visit?” Tony hated how small his voice sounded at the end of that, because Steve’s face rejected the offer before he even spoke.
He doesn't even manage to read one sentence in that time, convinced as he almost is that he can hear Tony undressing, that he can hear the water hitting his skin, even the soap sluicing down his torso. Not to mention the way the man must be sliding his hands up and down his body to distribute the soap, washing his... He stares fixedly at the words on the page, deliberately not thinking about Goat Man's dick, but the words aren't making any sense at all. It is almost a relief when Tony comes back in, toweling his hair dry. Except that he is wearing low slung lounge pants and a wife beater that is just a little short and his happy trail in the gap is still sporting drops of water. Steve tries not to stare, but it is the most difficult thing he has ever done. Tony drapes the towel over his shoulders and looks at Steve, who determinedly keeps his eyes on his face.
"Yeah. Apparently," Steve sighed, relaxing his hold on Tony's face, turning it into more of a caress. "I'm sorry, Tony. I'm sorry he was such a failure as a father. But believe me when I say that not all people judge mistakes as harshly." Steve was rubbing his thumb over Tony's cheekbone now. Tony wasn't going to say it. Tony
something besides wait for the villains to show up. Something more interesting than looking up Frank Sinatra songs, anyway. According to the itinerary, Del and Corbin were signed up for the Karaoke Duet Night, so 'Del' and 'Corbin' were going to have to show up and sing
Tony hadn’t expected to ever have to feel grateful for that episode, but there he was. The best thing was that his roommates had all decided to do Christmas and New Year’s in New York and for three weeks the mansion had been full of warmth and laughter and booze and bickering and it had pulled Tony through the holiday season without feeling like Scrooge pre-Christmas Carol.
“Hydra had infiltrated S.H.I.E.L.D. It had to go.” Steve's expression made it clear he wasn't apologizing for causing Tony's misery.
He nodded appreciatively, then pointed at one with with a pointy thing on his hand and a red smudge where his nose should be.
“But maybe we will be Avengers together soon, right? We work well together.” Steve sounded so hopeful that all Tony could do was dredge up smile for him.
Tony did a convincing impression of a Vargas Girl, seated on the table as he was. Steve was about to mention said laundry lady's mustache when Morgaine cleared her throat. Loudly. Tony wiped the supposedly sexy pout off his face and pasted a contrite look on it before he turned to her.
He wrestled with the knots on the bag as the sound of splintering wood came from behind him. Hopefully that had just been the banisters or something and he still had time. He heard the other men heaving and grunting as their swords cut into flesh with squilchy wet thwacks over and over. Another heave and more creaking and splintering. The bag was open now and Tony pulled out the armor's left arm. Thank god he didn't need to adjust much, because there just wasn't time. He yanked the gauntlet on and peeled a bit of wiring loose with his right thumbnail. Pulling open his tunic he ran back to the impromptu fish abattoir. He pushed Percival aside and jammed the wire straight into the reactor, firing up the repulsor before he even had the connection made.
The next morning is Monday and Steve wakes up feeling at once as if all his nerve endings are scrubbed raw, yet he is light as a feather. He feels fragile. He considers calling in sick. But the last thing he wants is to wander around his mom's house with nothing to do, right now, so he gets up, determined to avoid Tony at all costs. He doesn't even want to know what Tony thinks of him right now, and frankly, he doesn't really care after the aftermath of last night.
So how was the one hallucinating the smell of cookies supposed to get any work done? The point of being in the workshop was to
The next man in line was pale blond and matched the decor almost as well as Tony did. He shook Tony’s hand and smirked openly. Steve got ready to punch him.
“I figured. And if you did, they’d be the wrong ones. That’s why Thistlethwaite is coming over. He’ll grumble and moan and charge me an arm and a leg, but you’ll have exactly the right robes by tonight.”
"We can't split. Tony, we agreed that we have to stick to the itinerary. Maybe the waiter is the contact, maybe someone will join us later. We're going in." And he turned to walk to the table. Tony followed, shaking his head. He sing songed into the earpiece: "Really not in the mood, Captain Strawberry Shortcake."
This was the third time today that Steve and Percy had been challenged by some random passing knights and once again, they would be busy for the next hour pummeling some bechainmailed idiot who hadn't realized after one look at Steve that he didn't stand a chance. Just the sight of another man bearing a sword was apparently like a red flag to a bull. Tony wasn't sure if they reminded him more of horny stags, fighting cocks or frat boys. A little bit of all three, with the bull thrown in for good measure. He sighed and climbed off his horse, while he listened with half an ear to Steve trying to persuade his most recent challenger that they really didn't have to do this, that they were just passing through and would be off his land in no time and they wouldn't even take any of the womenfolk. Ok, Steve didn't say that last bit, but Tony thought he should have, that might actually have convinced the guy to let them pass in peace.
have gray hair, Mr I'll Just Shave It Off So No One Can Tell. I happen to have superior genes all the way. Brains, beauty and a full head of
"That is enough, Captain." Redditch was looking pinched now. "Board the chopper. You will be debriefed later." He paused and stared over Steve's shoulder.
Tony could have sworn he had designed the ventilation system in the tower so that the workshop was on a completely separate system. Just in case something blew up in a particularly noxious way, with the separate systems they wouldn't have to replace the entire office staff of Stark Industries when it happened. It was sure to be more economical in the long run.
"I suppose he could have come as a tourist and overstayed his welcome after the Eurail pass ran out," she suggested. "You think he's an addict?"
“I guess they’ll ship me back for my court martial, too. Not that I’ll see much of the place… But it’ll be good to be home.”
He woke up drooling on Steve's shoulder. Tony blinked a few times. The chicken suit guy from Toy Story 2 was on the screen, but the movie was paused. Steve was still asleep, his head resting on the back of the couch with his face turned into Tony's hair. Every exhale caressed Tony’s scalp with a warm, moist, puff of air. Somehow that made Steve more real and alive than watching him wake up had been. Tony thought he should probably move. He didn't particularly want to, but it was a little... intimate and who knew how his Dad's perfect soldier would react to finding himself all snuggled up with another dude. When he tried to carefully extract himself though, Steve made a noise of protest and his hand gripped Tony's thigh like a vise. Right. Super strength. Not going anywhere then. For a lack of alternative, Tony fell back asleep.
“Of course they're not related.” Fury's eye was fucking twinkling. “Didn't I mention it was a Couples' Cruise? Del and Corbin are husbands. Married three months ago after a whirlwind romance. They are newlyweds going on their honeymoon. Now, off you go.” He made a shooing motion with his hand.
too good. And he clearly hadn't thought this through because in a few moments he was going to embarrass himself or do something stupid, or both. Tony looked back at him as the laughter drained out of him and the silence stretched. His eyes were dilated, but the light was so low, Steve wasn't sure what that meant. He didn't know if it was just him or if Tony felt it too, this tension that sung between them, so impossibly highly strung Steve wasn't sure how he was still breathing. If he was still breathing. He searched Tony's face for clues, but didn't trust his own judgment. The urge to kiss Tony, to plunder his mouth, to lower his full weight onto the man below, to dig his fingers in his hair and just take what he wanted, was overwhelming. In his mind's eye it happened over a dozen times in the space of a few endless seconds and every repeat made it harder to resist.
“And the white one?” Tony gingerly touched Bruce’s head. It was wet and cold. His jaw moved but he made no sound.
"Shhhh! I'll be right back." He started swinging hand over hand toward the couple, under their line of sight. It was easy, just like oddly placed monkey bars. When he was about 8 feet away, Jarvis let him know he had audio. Steve carefully removed the ear piece and twisted the ear hook around the iron bar of the railing. Then he silently moved back towards Tony, pulled himself up and swung himself carefully back over the railing. Tony looked at him a little oddly but then focused on his com unit.
"Done, Captain Rogers." Tony suspected JARVIS had a crush on Steve too, judging by his eagerness to please.
“You’re the worst boyfriend, dude. I don’t know what she sees in you. She is way too smart for you.”
idea, Tony, what our stock prices have been doing in the last 24 hours? You first decided to drive a Formula 1 race car, then almost got decimated by a lunatic with whips, powered by what looked suspiciously like patented Stark Industries technology, so now we seem to be the victim of corporate espionage. Or, you know, maybe you have gambled it away at some drunken party. Then you appear to have been hiding a national icon, miraculously come back from the dead and you take off with him and go completely radio silent. Tony, we are are the laughing stock of Wall Street right now! You may not be CEO anymore, but everyone knows you are the talent, and as far as all our investors are concerned you have gone completely off the deep end. I don’t know what the story is here,” she gestured between Tony and a sheepish looking Steve, “but whatever it is, you’re going to come up with something good and wholesome and you’re going to tell everybody how incredibly sane you are. Or as sane as you can be expected to be while you’re still continuing that whole Iron Man charade.”
. He grits his teeth as Tony slides out, dick still somewhat hard and before he can register what's happening, Tony manhandles him onto his back and swallows down Steve's cock. He shouts and arches up into the wet heat and comes immediately down Tony's throat.
“Never mind Sauron, he is just another demon of some sort. Minor one. But I need the Eye because the man I am looking for will recognize it.”
"Whoa! Whoa! Ste... Del! Oh, thank fuck you're here! Don't hurt him!" Steve eased up and took a good look at the man he was pinning down. It was one of the twins. He stared at the boy, not comprehending. Then he felt Tony's hands on him. One on his shoulder and one was turning his face towards Tony.
"You know, we are so the right men for this job," he said, "Your go-to solution is beating up people and mine would be to throw a lot of tech at it and instead we are sashaying around Floating Vegas in our fabulous borrowed clothes and picking fights with senior citizens. No good can come of this, Steve."
Steve shoved him off the bed and there was a thud and a laugh and then a disembodied voice came from below.
“You're out of your depth. As usual. Anthony,” Howard Stark's voice admonished him, the familiar disappointment in it sending shivers of almost forgotten humiliation through Tony's frame. “We all know you are going to fail, like you always do. Just try not to bring the family name down when you do, this time, will you? Maybe you could fail more.... discreetly? I'd consider that progress.”
Tony almost choked on his coke. His audience whispered and elbowed each other. He plastered on a smile for them. Then he hissed:
"Rules are for nice people, Clark. Go find a phone booth and get changed. I have to make more sushi." And Tony flew off with his repulsors at the ready. He still heard Steve though.
The shelter he found along the path wasn't perfect, but it beat abandoned barns by a mile. It was a small hut that shepherds used when they got caught by inclement weather. The sheep pen was empty and so was the hut, but there was a small fireplace and some logs, there was a, no doubt flea ridden, straw mattress and a few other odds and ends. He deposited Tony on the mattress and started a fire, then he went back outside to get fresh water out of the rain barrel. The small space heated up quickly and he peeled Tony's wet clothes off to hang them to dry on one of the low ceiling beams. He poured a little water down Tony's throat, which was swallowed reflexively, but the man didn't wake up. It was just as well. Tony's right thigh was bruised all to hell and there was a gash in the middle of the swollen skin that was still wet with blood. The femur didn't look obviously broken, but Steve had seen enough broken bones on the battlefield to suspect there were hairline fractures at least. He'd have to splint it when the swelling had gone down a bit. He cleaned the wound carefully with rain water and a strip of cloth he had ripped from his tunic, then rinsed the cloth out again and tied it loosely around the thigh to prevent dirt sticking to the exposed flesh. Tony flinched when he touched the wound, but didn't otherwise react.
"Vacation is over, O Captain, my Captain. Let's make a run for it before the dudes with the tele lenses get here."
There weren’t any words that fit here. Tony wanted was to go down there and hug Steve and tell him that somehow he would make it right, but he didn’t have a fucking clue how to make it right. Not even one.
"Sir Galahad was wounded in the thigh, Sire, and he is feverish, but he has survived so far and may yet recover with time. The boar is no more." Steve answered. In his peripheral vision he noticed Galahad struggling to sit up.
For the first time since waking up from the ice, Steve was disappointed in Peggy. He'd known intellectually that she wasn't a saint, but really, did she have to drop the ball on this? But it hadn't been her ball to drop, had it? It had been Howard's and no matter how much Steve wanted to punch him in the face right now, that wasn't going to change a thing. He flopped back into the grass. It was still too early for dew, but it felt cold under him none the less. Tony lowered himself next to him and silence settled in again.
"He is plenty deep, Pep," Tony sounded insulted in a distracted kind of way. "Because he likes me? He likes me
, the meal came to an end. Steve volunteered to wash up and Tony wanted to howl in protest. He needed to drag Steve to his room and ask him what the hell he was doing, but because he couldn’t, he volunteered to dry the fucking dishes while Steve washed. Thor pounded him jovially on the back (because it had actually been his turn tonight) and said he’d hang up Steve’s clothes in return. Bruce went to check on little Bruce and Clint and Natasha opened another beer after they had wiped down the table, and they talked some more about youth hostels in Budapest.
The man flickered again and for a second Tony thought he saw someone, something, much darker in his place. Something with leathery wings. Something that was licking its lips with an obscenely large and narrow tongue. Tony was grateful for the mask covering his face, because he was sure his eyes had bugged out. What the hell was he up against here?
Tony sat across from Steve at the small table in the nightclub that was hosting the Karaoke Duet Night, the tabletop disappointingly bereft of alcoholic beverages.
“It's an abomination,” stage-whispered the lord's wife, obviously salivating at the scandal of it all. “All the witches in the area are gathered there, cooking up unspeakable things. They say the whole countryside around the castle has gone salted and barren! And that the local villages have to pay tribute to that nest of vipers.”
the part, Captain Boytoy.” Steve sucked in an unsteady breath. Stark was very close and very angry and that was very... wow. It took him a few seconds to realize that Stark seemed to expect an answer.
"Yeah, yeah, whatever." Tony paused, then straightened up and pointed his screwdriver at Rodey. "You know what bugs me about that? You know what bugs me? That between Iron Man and Iron Patriot, I've suddenly become the generic dude and it is somehow implicated that by being a more patriotic version of me, you're somehow superior.
And quiet it would be, apparently. He took in the table set for lunch with dismay. There was professor McGonagall at the head of the table and a smattering of children who were third year students at the most. No upperclassmen at all. The door fell shut behind him with a lonely thud. McGonagall frowned at him in her usual way.
. And his ass was to die for in the European booty-short style swim trunks that clung in all the right places. He was going to have to send the real Del a thank you card for packing those. Right after he keelhauled Corbin for being the wanker that only packed Speedos as swim attire, mind you. Not that Tony would have been able to get in the pool with Steve anyway, because even camouflaged with the artificial skin flap, it'd be a little awkward to explain the arc reactor to the general public while still pretending to be Corbin.
"Captain Rogers is in the gym, Sir." JARVIS provided helpfully. Great. If Steve had gone there to work off his anger, that meant Tony would have to shell out for a few more reinforced heavy bags soon. If not an entirely new gym. He went back to work, ignoring the sick feeling in his stomach that he was sure was just caused by lack of food or something. He found himself nervously drumming some wrenches on the work table and forced himself to stop. Several times.
If only that was the thing he worried about... Steve went to wake up Percival, who truly slept like the dead. Which, good for him, because he and Tony hadn't kept their voices down or anything. It took him several minutes to get the young man up and alert enough to trust him with keeping the rest of the watch till dawn. By the time he'd managed that, Tony was in his bedroll next to Steve's. He slid under his blanket too and tried to calm the turmoil in his mind. Tony had his back turned to him, so there was nothing there in his body language that gave Steve any kind of clue if what had just happened between them had happened only in his own mind or not. What the hell was he doing?
“I see what you are trying to say, Master Stark,” Entwhistle conceded thinly, after a long pause in which he studied Steve with distaste. “I have to say the more conservative style becomes your friend, his physique can certainly carry it, but I am not sure that even when regarded as a pair, the narrower cut-”
“What are you doing?” The voice was unmistakably American. Dutch people spoke excellent English, in general, but they never managed to sound like this. Tony couldn’t look around, lest he lose sight of his marks, so he couldn’t tell if this was the touristy type who was here for the Delft Blue pottery or the backpacking type who was here for the weed. Both types were easily recognizable, generally.
“Simmer down, Bruce. I am not going to lose the fucking leg. If I was going to, I would have done it last week, while I was still unconscious.” Tony glared at him and Bruce stepped out of his way with his hands up and an 'it's your funeral' look on his face. Fucking right it was.
"Tony," Bruce interjected gently, "We want to cook. Cooking is nice. It's comforting. It smells good. It's fun."
An unfamiliar noise cut through the steady thrum of the ship's engine. It sounded like a massive waterfall had suddenly come into being, and when he opened his eyes it turned out to be true in some way. The enormous iceberg that had been depressingly present in Tony's view for the last half hour or so had decided to roll over for funsies. As its grey-blue underside slowly came heaving out of the ocean and the top rotated under, water ran in rivers out of the crags and crannies back to the surface. Tony watched in awe as the ice mogul rose from the depths like a frosty version of Poseidon. It rocked a few times until it had found its new equilibrium and then settled, with the last few thousand gallons of water dripping from its curves like an afterthought.
“Sir has been told on many occasions that, no matter how well he thinks he sings while intoxicated, this is not factually true.”
that he didn't question it. He had two more days with Steve. Two days, three nights and that should suffice. Better make the most of it and have
“There is no ‘or else’ in that statement. ‘We’re making this official, or else…’ It seems like there should be an ‘or else’.”
"We should. June work for you?" Steve looked a little wistful as well, but Tony doubted it was him featuring prominently in Steve's daydreams.
Steve flicked his wand silently and Tony was holding a red and gold beauty of an apple with little drops of condensation rolling down its side. Tony bit into it with relish and leaned back against the workbench.
Steve looked at Tony in horror, ready to tell him off for even toying with the idea, but he forgot what he was going to say when he spotted the profusely bleeding wound in Tony’s eyebrow. He shifted onto his knees and grabbed Tony’s chin to tilt the wound to catch the light. Tony tried to pull away, but Steve was much stronger than him.
"I am pretty sure I have sinned in ways you can not imagine, pal." Tony muttered and he was pleased to see Steve bite down on a smile. Meanwhile, Percival was gracefully thanking the hermit for his advice and asking for directions to Scunthorpe. Apparently, one did not simply walk directly to the Grail. Not without detours, anyway. Tony hoped fervently there weren't going to be that many of them, though. He was hiding it well, he thought, but the way the arc reactor was losing power was a constant source of worry and he really didn't have a year to spend on gallivanting around this backwards theme park.
Tony dove in the shared pantry and found a can of tuna with Natasha’s name on it in permanent marker. He grabbed a can opener and a saucer too.
"He'd never have been made a knight if he hadn't been the king's nephew. Actually, that is not true. King Lot, his father, would have bought him knighthood somewhere anyway."
"Oh please. Only last week Cap was blushing very prettily when I suggested he wear the chaps, because Stark would like them. And he wore them today. And Stark -"
Behind Steve, Dinadan sniggered. "Well, with these two most virtuous of knights going on a quest for virtue, how can we fail to win the prize?"
“Eating out another guy's sperm. Got it.” Tony leaned back on the couch and flipped his feet onto the coffee table. "Well, lemme just start with the Public Service Announcement that people who have kinks are not freaks or deviants and we won't be discussing
Tony stepped in closer, his eyes boring into Steve’s. Once again, the world fell away until there was Tony, and only Tony. Standing so very, very close and feeling so warm under his hands. So right.
"I have map in the work shop," said Tony and he hopped up from the bench. "Come on, let's go!" He had a little trouble dragging both men away from their breakfast. Percival spluttered a little and Tony just didn't understand how he could even think about food at a time like this, but Steve looked at him again and so he didn't mention that.
"I am sure I have no idea what you're talking about, sir." sniffed JARVIS. "Hello, Captain Rogers." he continued more politely.
Tony watched as the interview veered back to more inane matters and watched Steve’s affable performance with a critical eye. And a performance it was. It was good, but Tony could tell his heart wasn’t in it. The smiles were a little lackluster, there was no twinkle in his eye, his laughs didn’t boom the way Tony remembered. Steve was mostly ok, but Steve wasn’t
"Steve." said another voice and Tony's head jerked up so fast he hit it on a piece of metal and the delicate bit of wiring he'd been trying to get just right melted into metallic goo. Rubbing his head he backed out on his knees from under the hulking piece of machinery. "JARVIS, you traitor! You and your fucking crush on Rogers."
"No, no, Mr Porter!" Antonio had snuck up on Steve from behind and put his hands on Steve's hips. "The Rumba is about
The guy who blushed when he kissed Tony on the cheek in public, and when discussing chaps. Steve was likely to be on the verge of spontaneously combusting right now. He quickly looked aside at him. He looked... stunned. And very red, indeed, even in the dark. He wondered if he should take Steve's hand to reassure him, but was not sure at all about how he'd react to any physical contact at this point. That might be the spark to light the fuse. Better not. He looked at Yamilla who was looking at them beatifically, seemingly completely unaware of what was going on at their table. Right. Fuck this shit. What the hell had he done to deserve getting stuck on a fucking boat with kinky Frenchmen and an overgrown boyscout, and having to pretend to be all lovey dovey with the latter? Steve had conveniently gone mute too. He turned back to Abdel.
Clint gave him a grudging nod, but was grinning outright five minutes later when the strategy had turned out to work like a charm and the hallway was full of writhing, groaning thugs with arrows sticking out of limbs. It worked just as well for the four that were waiting inside the cabin. Throwing the door open, Tony fell onto his front and stapled all four in quick succession, after which it was child's play for Clint to take them out. Clint stepped into the cabin and locked the door behind him, just as Tony spotted the guys on the balcony.
Tony liked keeping an eye on the defrosting of Captain America in the climate controlled room off his workshop and he wandered in and out during all hours as the solid block of ice slowly thawed. They had a decided on a slow defrost to avoid as much tissue damage as they could. It would be great if Captain America came out of his watery grave looking well enough to undergo embalming and be presented to the American public before they'd have the official interment with proper honors and ceremony. Tony wasn't sure yet if he would let Pepper handle that, or formally present the corpse to the US Military as a gesture of goodwill from Stark Industries (and maybe that would get congress to stop pressuring him to hand over the Iron Man suit for a while), but in the meantime he had decided not to tell anyone about his find just yet.
Then the next person was there to meet and greet and Steve shook his hand and said that, no, he wasn’t related to any Rogers family on the Isle of Man, he was afraid he was just plain muggleborn, so sorry to disappoint.
“Yeah, no. I'm sure my ego could take the dent, big as it is, but that's still not really something I'd enjoy.”
Tony lazily tossed a pillow at his head, which Steve grabbed out of the air and shoved under his head. Tony made a face at him and ran his fingers through his hair, making it worse. Then he looked at his fingers in disgust when he spotted the glitter on them. He flopped back on the bed with an exasperated sigh.
"It sounds ominous. Are you sure I need to be there? Usually people demand I stay away from situations this fraught with potential disaster and alcohol, in case I make it worse."
“Same here! You’d think it’d be simple. Just some ground beef and salt on a griddle, what could go wrong?”
"Good." Steve's nod was more of a jerk of the chin and now Tony really wondered what had crawled up the man's ass.
A real witch joined them of her own free will. She showed up at the gates one morning, seated on a pretty horse, with a maid and two guards in tow who glared suspiciously at Tony when he met them in the courtyard.
Right. Of course. Tony scrambled back and found out quickly that trying  opening the wrapper with lube coated fingers was impossible. Impatiently, he tore it with his teeth and then failed miserably at getting his trembling hands to roll it on. Fortunately, Steve’s hands joined his and he was unrolling it and stroking it in place in no time. He tore his eyes away from the strong, callused hands on his dick and looked at Steve. Steve smiled.
“Come on, doll, time to act the part. I think I have spotted our contact.” Tony whispered in his ear when Steve had settled, a little reluctantly. He could feel Steve go alert against his chest, so he wrapped his arms around that lovely torso and said: “Ssshhh. Relax. You're just lying here with your husband, everything is hunky dory, you're not trying to spot any international terrorists, no sirree.” Steve leaned a little more weight against him as he relaxed back down.
"That is not the part that worries me, to be honest," Steve said softly, "I've seen you cranky and annoyed, but that is not what defines you. You are kind and considerate under that layer of snark and bluster. The guy you just described would not have any friends, Tony, let alone a bunch of teammates that are this invested in his happiness. In their own dysfunctional way, admittedly." His hands were now kneading Tony's arms and Tony had to stop himself from stepping back, to plaster himself against Steve's chest. "What I am worried about," Steve continued, "is that you'll get bored with me. I'm not as smart as you, I don't get most of your references, half the time I don't even know what you're talking about. You're sharp and funny and you're involved in so many things and I am kind of bland in comparison. I don't know how I'd ever keep your interest." Steve sounded resigned, sad even. Tony's head came up sharply, but he didn't turn around.
Tony was beyond irritated. They'd scoured the ship after Steve had put his clothes on, more ass-hugging capris and super tight t-shirts to torment Tony with, but they had not found a trace of their potential contact. Steve was in the shower now and Tony was drumming his fingers on the coffee table in the cabin in lieu of banging his head on it. Fuck Fury and
Steve slid his right hand into the front of Tony's lounge pants and cupped his balls. Tony sucked in a sharp breath. "No. It means you need to get back to bed while you still can," Steve whispered in his ear.
frequently enough to keep Steve from fretting. Eventually, Steve is able to relax a little and focus on his own book, even. The upside of this little episode is that it has totally killed the urges that were plaguing him earlier. It's with immense relief that he realizes he has control again, that he can look at Tony and see an attractive man, a very attractive man, but it's not making him sweat and shiver right now.
It was as if Tony could hear the collective gasp reverberating throughout the country. He himself exhaled explosively. A breath he hadn't realized he had been holding. As if he had not truly believed it until he heard Steve say it. He reached for his bottle of Talisker.
Tony sat nursing his coffee while Steve ate. And ate some more. And more still. Wow. Gotta love a man with a good appetite. Good thing he could afford to feed him. And clothe him, the man needed clothes that fit. Not that Tony didn't appreciate the way his own T-shirt was stretched delectably across those super serious pecs and deltoids, but the shirt was probably ruined and it being a vintage AC/DC, that was kind of a shame. Which kind of made him wonder what kind of clothes he needed. Which led to the question what Steve was going to do now. What were his options? He waited until Steve started chewing a little slower.
"Grammy, I don't see Josh and Dane!" he whispered urgently. Steve immediately looked all around. The kid was right, the twins were gone. Then he went cold all over. Tony was gone too. He tapped his ear piece. Nothing.
The heat hits him in the face when he steps outside. It's easy to forget exactly how hot it is when you have air conditioning. He hesitates for a second, but decides he's got to say something. Surely they have plenty of days this hot in Mexico.
“Is somehow losing power. J and I couldn't figure out how or why. Must be a side effect of the magic transporting us here.”
It was fun watching Steve trying to wrap his brain around that concept. He was trying to do that stoic face thing, but Tony had grown so familiar with it in the last week or so, he could see the little tell tale twitches that betrayed the internal struggle going on. He smirked at Steve and that made his face twitch worse. Then Tony figured he should ask now that Steve was still off balance. His chances of an actual answer might be better that way, dick move that it might be.
“I am Morgaine le Fay,” said the ethereal looking woman who was sporting a massive black eye gone green and yellow. The blow she'd been dealt had cut her cheek and eyebrow too, and the angry red scabs completed the picture. Gauntlet, Tony thought, already despising the man who'd punched a woman while armed.
There was a lot of pontificating that Tony didn’t listen to, but at the end of that speech Steve got off with time served and a dishonorable discharge. And that was bullshit, it should have been honorable, but honestly he wasn’t going to argue. He wanted to shout and to fist pump. He settled for punching Bucky in the plastic upper arm and that hurt his knuckles just a bit. Bucky turned and pounded him on the back with the arm shaped stick in return. And then they were free to move and they fought their way through the crowd towards Steve and Rhodey.
At least the people in the back were. The ones at the head of the crowd turned out to be hesitating, backing away from something in front of them. Steve craned his neck to see what it was, but he still wasn't close enough. Urging his horse to go even faster, it took him only a few more minutes to reach the back end of the mob. The horse reined in with a squeal, forcing the attention of some of the older men and women at the back of the mob away from the front as they hastily stepped out of the way. Normally Steve would have apologized, but the words died in his mouth as he caught sight of the red and gold outline through the forest of torches, scythes, pitchforks and other sharp farming tools that were in his line of sight. He clambered on top of his horse's saddle to get a better view, cursing the beast for not standing still. He knew it couldn't help being spooked, caught as it was in a frenzied crowd of people, but it was damned inconvenient. And then he forgot to curse too. Because there was Iron Man, prowling like a panther in a cage in front of the crowd. Steve could hear snatches of the infernal music Tony usually played in his workshop over the ruckus of the mob. The blue lighted eyes in the mask scanning the scene in front of him in a way that was so very familiar to Steve. He hadn't even realized how achingly attuned he was to Iron Man's mannerisms until he saw him now, after so long, and he knew, in the depth of his gut, that this was Tony in the armor and no one else. That it couldn't be anyone else. And he was so indescribably happy to see him that he wanted to cry. Instead, he started waving like a maniac to catch Tony's attention.
"Right..... Where are my manners? Steve, this is my friend, Colonel James Rhodes. Rhodey, this is Captain Steve Rogers." Steve smiled and held out his hand, but to Tony's surprise Rhodey didn't take it. Instead he clicked his heels together and his hand snapped to his forehead.
The interior of the limo was as quiet as a coffin. Happy had taken one look at him in the rearview mirror and then the divider slid up with a soft hum. Tony didn’t know what to do with himself, he felt so fucking conflicted he wanted to scream. But he didn’t even know why, and he wasn’t going to let whatever it was get the better of him. He had more fucking dignity than that. He did punch the seat. Once. Then he yanked his tie up and over his head and ditched his suit jacket and focused on breathing steadily.
the day after tomorrow. Corbin Porter's research on recreating the super soldier serum seems to currently be in the phase of animal testing and of course, both the Military and SHIELD are very interested in the results. Which have been slow in coming. Of course, the good guys are not the only ones interested. We started getting suspicious when Porter, who is usually a bit of scientific exhibitionist, suddenly stopped bragging about preliminary results. This could mean the latest results are disappointing, of course, but then it so happened we noticed that Corbin and Del had booked a small luxury cruise. Intelligence is almost sure the cruise was booked for them by Hydra and that meetings have been arranged to take place on board. We need to know what Hydra knows, what they are planning and how Porter's research fits into those plans. We need you to take the place of these two men. We don't think they have had any face to face contact with the Hydra people before, and we have our best people on surveillance, so if they had we would have known. As I explained to Stark before you arrived, Captain Rogers,” Fury turned to face the blond demi-god, “We need people on board who resemble the descriptions of these two men, who have a high enough security clearance and who can convince Hydra they know what they are talking about. It's a stroke of luck, really, that we have the two of you who meet these requirements and that both of you were available on short notice.”
“Not that,” he managed. “We'll save the athletic angry sex for another time. But we are going to make us come right now.” He looked Steve in the eye. “Straddle me, one leg on each side of my hips, no pressure on my legs”. Steve shakily moved into place. Tony used both hands to push his sweats down and told Steve to do the same for his track pants. He caught Steve licking his lips as he exposed Tony's dick, which was leaking profusely. Good, they wouldn't need lube and it looked like blow jobs would definitely be in his future. He guided Steve back up so he was holding himself up over Tony and then Tony smeared around the precome and took both of them in hand. They both gasped as Tony wrapped his fingers around them and a moment later Steve's hand was on top of Tony's and then he was kissing him again, much more forcefully. Steve was holding himself up on just one arm and that by itself would have been enough to blow Tony's mind. As it was, he knew he wasn't going to last long at all.
"Understood," Steve said, and Tony was struck by how alert he looked right now. Almost as if he was enjoying this. "You two go get the suitcase suit. Stay together if at all possible. You heard Black Widow, hostiles are already on the ship, so proceed with care. Try to take them out without killing them, if you can, so as not traumatize the other people on this ship." He paused and looked at Clint. "As soon as you have the suit, let me know through the com, or if necessary through a flare from the balcony and we'll make our way up to the helipad, so the quinjet can pick us up."
“No, hold on to them, please. They like you. Don’t want to lose them again. Come on, it’ll only take a minute.”
. It’s a modern classic. Hey, can we get to the part where you are angry with me and start pushing me against walls and getting into my face? I mean, this downer thing is a little freaky, Romanov wasn’t kidding. And the other thing ended really well, last time.”
“And yours seduced her brother when he was but 15 years old, so you need not speak of Sir Percival's mother like that,” snarled Bors.
It was Fury's turn to roll his eyes. “Nice try, Stark. The ladies at the spa have already received their instructions. If you hurt them or try to bribe them I will sic Black Widow on you. Are we clear?” Tony wisely shut up and apparently Captain Rogers was still struck dumb by Del Porter's fabulosity.
Steve smiled as if they both knew that wasn't true and considering the fact that they hadn't even talked about how much money he would get, he was right of course, but that fact would be manfully ignored for the good of all and they both knew that too. They were getting to be bros already.
"It'll do." Steve nodded curtly. "Come on, then. Wouldn't want to miss the god singing to you and your trees."
“So what have you been doing in Europe, if not blowing your money on fast cars and fast women?” Rhodes wanted to know from behind him. Tony turned to face him by the doorway where Steve was waiting.
I hope everybody realizes that Steve will get worse before he gets better. But he will get better eventually. Just not in this chapter.
.... Slight miscalculation. He tried sending a current through the armor, but that didn't seem to affect Squiddly Diddly at all. He needed to maneuver himself so he could use the repulsors.
"Nnnnggghhh, Steeeeve..." God, he sounded desperate. Steve responded by fisting one hand into Tony's hair, making him keen. Wrapping his other arm around Tony's chest, Steve hoisted Tony upright as if he weighed nothing. The he pulled Tony's head backwards over his shoulder and shoved his tongue into Tony's mouth, fucking up into him now. Tony got his hand on his dick just before his orgasm slammed through his body.
"My contract is.... indefinite," Steve said softly, his fingers twitching, "They're never going to to let me go." That didn't make a lot of sense, but Tony was so busy jumping on the
Look, this second chapter only took a few months! With that kind of acceleration I'll be cranking out chapters by the minute before you know it!
“You obviously have issues that I am not going to touch with a ten foot pole,” Tony continues. “I got my own shit to deal with, and I got no time for yours. But here is what I am thinking. You're hot. Like, ridiculously so.” He grimaces a little, as if life's not fair. “I'm hot. Hot enough, anyway. I want your dick. Or your ass. You want my dick. Or at least my mouth. This doesn't have to be complicated, if we don't make it complicated. We have sex. We
a good boy." And he slowly slipped his thumb into the wet heat of Steve's mouth. The sensation went straight to Tony's cock and when Steve curled his tongue around Tony's thumb and sucked it deeper into his mouth he had to suppress a groan. Oh lord..... He leaned forward and ghosted his lips along Steve's cheekbone, caressing it with his breath. Steve tried to turn his head towards Tony's mouth, but Tony would not let him. "Stay still," he breathed. Steve obeyed, except for continuing to move his tongue up and down Tony's thumb in a truly filthy fashion. Cheek to cheek with him, Tony lifted Steve bound hands and slipped one of Steve's index fingers into his mouth and gave it the same treatment Steve was giving his thumb. Steve moaned and the sound of it, so close to Tony's ear, gave him goosebumps. Tony could not remember the last time he had gotten this hard from just a bit of finger sucking but a quick look down proved that at least he wasn't the only one. The tent in Steve's pants showed that he was fully proportional and Tony salivated at the idea of getting his hands on that. He realized he could. Steve would let him. Steve would totally let him. Steve would also let Tony replace his thumb with his dick and fuck his mouth and the idea of that made a wet spot on his lounge pants. That would be way too much way too fast, but Steve would let him, because Tony had asked him to trust him. Tony knew instinctively that when Steve gave you his trust that meant to Hell and back, no questions asked. Which meant that Tony had to stop this, right here, right now, even though his dick was whining that it didn't wanna stop, ever.
“Let. Me. Go!” Tony bit out through clenched teeth. Steve dropped his hand with alacrity and sat back on his haunches. He finally noticed the wand that Tony had had pointed where Steve’s temple was just a second ago. He swallowed.
“I can’t go until after I defend my thesis in a couple of months though.” He looked back up at Steve. “Do you…? You’re not going tonight, are you?”
Steve’s wand shot up and before he could think about the fact that he didn’t know any comb to feather spells, he fired off a blast of magic that did just that right before the comb would have hit him in the forehead. Tony had good aim. He looked on in astonishment as a brown feather harmlessly drifted down before his eyes.
The soft touch of Steve's thumb on the cut in his eyebrow jolted him out of his mental math refuge. Warily he lowered his eyes and then got another shock when they locked with Steve's. He was so close Tony almost went cross eyed. It was... difficult to breathe and his heart started hammering in his chest. He knew that Steve could hear it, but it wasn't like he could help it. His cheeks heated as Steve kept looking into his eyes, as if there was something there that he needed. The silence stretched.
"Sure. It's fine. No problem. You know you all have suites of rooms here, right? I'm not kicking you out because you insist on celebrating holidays."
He sat the apple down on the workbench with a thwack and a comb tooth rolled away. Turning to Steve, Steve was once more caught in the pure intensity of Tony’s gaze.
Steve was leaning over the railing staring out over the moonlit sea and the little pinpricks of light at the horizon that must be the Italian coastline. Tomorrow the ship would dock in La Spezia for excursions to Florence. Except Steve and Tony were signed up for an afternoon of ballroom dancing lessons. If Steve was up for it. After checking that this part of the ship was truly deserted and there were no ninjas lurking in the shadows, Tony joined him at the railing. Steve moved closer, so their shoulders were touching, creating a warm and solid presence on Tony's side. He felt tension release that he had not even realized he was holding. Silence stretched and it wasn't uncomfortable, at least not until Tony became aware of the things his traitorous brain wanted to toss into that silence. He struggled valiantly, but it was no use, it was like all that decency Steve exuded had short circuited all the usual overrides and his mouth just went ahead without him.
