Harry's kitchen was painted an disquieting shade of red with a rooster motif peppered throughout. Cheery ceramic game birds stood watch on every flat surface, as well as chicken napkin holders, a chicken clock and black-and-white, checkered, chicken curtains. They ranged from realistic to exaggerated and should have looked merry but they glared at Sherlock and judged him.
"I'm not promising he can do anything, but the offer stands that I'd ask for a favor. All he can do is say no."
Mycroft ignored John. He closed his coat and  buttoned it. "There's nothing else to be gleaned from this crime scene.  Thank you, John. This has been most informative." He took a step  forward.
"I'm fine. I'm just thinking." Sherlock turned around. "I'm assuming you're already keeping tabs on the John Does coming into the local morgues. And that Mycroft already has feelers out, looking for John?"
But his thoughts were languid. Every idea limped. Crawled. His mind couldn’t connect the dots. Information writhed, wasted.
Since John knew that  silent understandings are no substitutes for truth, he answered  Sherlock's unspoken question with a spoken, direct answer; "You're my  best mate and I'm glad you told me this."
Sherlock held his breath. He needed some sign from John or  else he would break down. He couldn't believe he had gotten out as much  as he had.
Lestrade asked, "How many times did you try and make peace with John? How many times did you offer to talk it out? How many times did he respond with hostility? With violence?"
John took one step down the stairs towards Sherlock,  nose-to-nose with the other man. "What you said. Shameless, mindless,  rutting animals. Like. We. All. Are. Like
terms." John suddenly let go of Sherlock and pushed him away, standing up with a snort. "Maybe I will move out. I will find another flat, find another job. And I'll live my life without you." He turned around and stormed away, going out the front door. "Enough of this crap. I'm not a pet."
, Sherlock's heel dragged into John's  toe and he lost his balance. His leg buckled and he fell, though as he  flew down he grabbed the hand rail, which broke his fall, then his grip  slipped and he crumbled a few steps down. The impact was less  spectacular than it potential could have and Sherlock was injury free,  not even a scrape or a bump on the head. Nonetheless, his pulse hammered  in his throat, his eyes wide.
“Which will probably give you some sort of advantage in the coming Apocalypse,” Sherlock quipped. “John, you are everything a man should be. You are strong, determined, reliable and clever, all traits that I admire. What’s more, you’re a patriot, a veteran. You should be very proud. I know I am.”
Sherlock didn’t want to complicate the situation with any unnecessary sentiment, but John’s face was just too grim. Sherlock hesitantly put a hand on John’s shoulder.
was child-safe. "Hmm," Sherlock mused. "John Watson wants to be a father..." Sherlock bean to float away in a trance. "
John  said, resolve buckling, "Look, we had a falling out. I told you that.  We weren't speaking to each other. I wasn't hanging around. I just came a  few times for my things, that's all, and I'd go. I haven't spent a  night here in at least a month."
John howled, the  driver's arm snaking around his neck. "Mycroft! Mycroft! You can't keep  me away!"
Wordlessly, the older Sherlock fished something from out of his pocket. "Here. You'll remember this." He produced a bottle with one pill inside it. "I went back to the school after you and John and the police cleared out and I found the missing pill that you dropped."
father my own baby,” John asked, “and it came out with a disability? Would you still want to be part of its life?”
Sherlock! Our crazy, destructive, impulsive,  arrogant Sherlock. He went to a hospital." He was dizzy with relief.
"There are more valuable things to pass on to children than just you genes," Sherlock pointed out. "I have a particular lullaby I'd like to pass on, for instance, and as I don't imagine myself ever having offspring of my own, I'd be just satisfied giving it to your children." Sherlock thought a moment. "I know a trick to making perfect Easter eggs. Adults wouldn't find it appealing, but as a boy I was delighted when nana taught it to me. And I know a handful of good bed-time stories to quiet any needy child. I know.
Sherlock came out of his bedroom, hair limp and tousled, his dressing gown hanging open. He had a lit cigarette in his mouth.
John. And I’ll never forget it. It was my own brother. He’s an asshole. A prick. A selfish, self-centered, skirt-chasing, misogynistic asshole.” Harry sighed. “One that I’m ready to forgive once and for all and move on with my life.”
gone. John only existed in Sherlock's memory. When Sherlock finally died, then all John Watson's good deeds and heroism and…and that wrinkled smile would vanish for good.
“Fight a woman to take her baby, yes. Using your fists and your feet and your teeth and your nails and anything you could reach. Would you take it, by any means necessary?”
For the rest of the climb, Sherlock  remained one step behind John. He did not smile and there was no talking  between the two men for the ride home.
Sherlock said, “Nonetheless, I’ve missed your company. Every time I see you, it becomes more and more clear that we are drifting apart. You’ve been preoccupied with acclimating to your new job and being a single father. And I when I do see you, when I talk about the cases I’m working on, it depresses or disinterests you, so I’ve stopped talking about them, and discovered I have very little else to offer you in terms of companionship. I’ve repeatedly reached out to you by phone and text for dinner, but you’ve declined.”
Sherlock pretended to remain attentive to his task  and tried not to react as she passed behind him. He couldn't help but  shrink a little, then once she breezed by he watched intently out of the  corner of his eye, in rapt attention, his mind rapidly considering the  possibility that two of Lestrade's team were about to be horribly  murdered.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned away again, laughing humorlessly. “You’re insufferable. I’m going to bed.”
because he knew you would lord it over him. He only accepted your used mobile phone, the expensive one that was nearly brand-new, the one you didn’t want anymore because it was a gift from your soon-to-be ex-wife. I suppose you
“A murder would be nice,” John said absently. His eyes were rimmed red. He’d been crying somewhere. Probably why he’d taken his time coming back. He’d tried to get it all out of his system at once so he could manage the ride back home without embarrassing himself by crying on the tube or in a cab. Now that he was home, his defenses were shutting down.
It was now several weeks  after the fact and John thought they were both adjusting nicely, partly  due to the fact there was very little to adjust to. Sherlock didn't  reveal he had a secret boyfriend. He didn't suddenly take on feminine  mannerisms or reveal a lingerie obsession or leave lip gloss on the  bathroom vanity or answer anonymous craigslist ads for hook-ups. He  didn't start flirting with strangers. He didn't linger in John's  personal space or make any advances or comments or gestures or  unnecessary physical contact.
"It was  probably humiliating for him," Mycroft contemplated. "But he took the  advice, purchased what was recommended for him and came home." Mycroft  lifted his hand and dragged his index finger across the word. It did not  smear. "At least a week ago. Maybe longer." He casually rubbed his  forefinger and thumb together. "He wanted to be pretty when he died."
They placed an orders and left with bread, peppercorn turkey, smoked ham and swiss cheese and two bags of crisps. As they walked side by side in the fading dusk with grumbling stomachs, John finally said, “Do you suppose she was his mother?”
“Thank you for meeting me on such short notice,” Sherlock said, rising from his seat. “It was…insightful.”
On his way out of the building, he stopped at Mrs. Hudson's door. He took a envelope marked "RENT" out of his breast pocket. Inside was the remainder of his life savings. He pushed it under her door.
Molly looked  down at the floor. She turned away and went into her office. She  crouched and crawled under her desk and dragged out a roll-away cot,  unfolded it and smoothed the mattress out. She reached under the blanket  on the cot tucked into the mattress and pulled out a medicine bottle  Sherlock recognized immediately as antidepressants. She sat on the edge  of the mattress and stared at the bottle in her hand for a while.
When his skin was sufficiently pink, he rinsed the soap away and came out of the shower, his hair wet and dripping and flat against his scalp. He reached out blindly for a towel, not checking if it was his or John’s. John might complain later if Sherlock chose the wrong one, but Sherlock didn’t care. Towels were towels and he didn’t see what was so revoltingly unhygienic about sharing. The idea about bathing is that you were supposed to be
John rolled his beer bottle between his hands. “Sherlock. I love you like a brother. But you’re just….you’re not…  Unless our baby is as brilliant as you, unless it's in
Sherlock said fervently,  "You got a lot of free time on your hands now, right? Do this for me."  He shrugged off his coat and shoved it into her hands. "My key is in the  pocket. Come in the morning to my flat. I'll be in the bathroom. I'll  leave the door cracked. When you find me, call the police and say I left  the coat here tonight and you were returning it to me and that's how  you found me. No one will question it." He straightened himself up.  "Cry. Pretend to be distraught. Maybe it will shame the hospital into  letting you keep your job."
Mycroft asked, "And by 'have a baby,' you mean adoption, yes? There isn’t any fantastic science fiction involved in this? Nothing where I need to intervene on behalf of the Hague or the UN?"
It was a crowded, busy night and nobody seemed to mind. Besides, it was the kind of merry, hearty laughter that lifted spirits rather than grated nerves, the kind of laughter you heard at a wedding. And it was a casual, well-lit place where the tables were close together and the menu was simple. This wasn't a place for quiet conversations anyway.
?" John asked. "You aren't interested in helping victims. You solve crimes to please yourself."  He managed to cross the sitting room without tripping over anything.
Sherlock's expression fell and he glanced about the crowded café in mortal dread. The ring was loud. Couples and friends had stopped talking to each other and were looking towards the pair impatiently. "Good god, Molly, is that your phone?" Sherlock hissed.
Sherlock left the pot on the block, sizzling and smoking and hissing away, and he scrambled to the sink, yanked the faucet handle on full force, grabbed the spray nozzle and pointed it at his face. It splashed water on his face, cooling his burns and rinsing away the oil.
"Excuse me," Mycroft announced, unexpectedly pleasant, as he entered the visitor's center proper, clasping his hands in front of him. "I know you're all anxious to see Sherlock, but I'm afraid you're going to have to wait just a little longer. Please make yourselves comfortable."
John turned to Sherlock in the pitch blackness. Blindly, he swiped at nothing until he found Sherlock's wrist. They clasped hands and Sherlock placed the lighter in John's palm.
Mrs. Hudson dragged a chair close to John and sat down in it, leaning her head down close to his. "He was so excited when he met you. He called me up one afternoon. Said he'd take me up on that offer for the flat because he'd found someone to share it with, that he wanted to start moving in right away. He said 'Mrs. Hudson, he's an
John rubbed  his eyes drowsily. "Hmm?" He had fallen asleep in the arm chair. He  never even toed his shoes off. His coat was half-on. Looking around the  dark flat, John could see they left their front door open. They must  have been pretty drunk when they came home. His head still buzzed a bit.
“What could Mycroft possibly have said, what could he have muttered with his dying breath that turned your brain into a carnival fun house?”
John reached out for  Sherlock's shaking hands, putting his own over his friend's to still  them, to hold them. He couldn't stand to watch them writhe in fear  anymore. There was nothing to fear. He was ashamed that Sherlock thought  he had any reason to hide. John questioned himself, wondering if he had  ever said anything derogatory or dismissive. Maybe he'd been too curt  on one of those occasions they'd been mistaken as a couple.
family. I understand I don't enter into the equation. I understand that I'm…" he struggled for words a moment, "…you know, not invited in your family."
child. Like, God forbid they should ever be exposed to anything. I would like your child, I think. I wouldn't mind. In fact, I think I would like it very much--helping a little thing become an actual worth-while adult."
the heat wave is going to end tomorrow.” He looked glumly over his shoulder at John. “How do I look?”
"No where obvious," Sherlock defended. "Just his arm. But…I…I caressed him. I did it a hundred times before. He never cared before I told him I was gay."
The  next day, Sherlock waited anxiously for John's response when he  returned home. John never mentioned it.
In John’s mind’s eye, Sherlock was nearly a decade younger. His curls were thicker, tighter, a glorious crown worthy of an impish faun.
Sherlock took a moment to reflect on that. "Okay." He thought a moment more. "I…apologize for treating you with dignity and respect. I won't do it in the future."
Mycroft said, "He's no good at it, though. That  wasn't his upbringing, or mine. I suppose he thinks all he has to do is  prove he's got an indispensible talent, and the masses of the world will  have to embrace him eventually and accept him as one of their own…even  if only out of necessity." Mycroft started walking towards the door.
." He stood up from the stool and was pleased  when Molly backed away. "You went from admiring me, harboring
Mycroft  studied the stairs, silent and judging, as if he could see the whole  sad scene play out from the scoff marks on the steps and the fingernail  scratches in the lacquered railing.
Sherlock regarded John was a curious expression. "Are you suggesting we conceal the nature of our professions?"
"I can do anything with my mind. If I have to be ordinary, if sex truly is a undeniable instinct that I can't suppress, then let me join the ranks of the acceptable, the dull. I'll retire in obscurity, blanketed in the security of meaningless relationship structures and wait to be embraced. Desperate for acceptance, I'll become dependent on the opinions of others. Unable to think. Just like everyone else." He exhaled. "Do you think John will forgive me then?"
was ruined. Sherlock touched his painful burns with his fingertips. There were pronounced dimples in his skin. He imagined he looked like quite the idiot and would look that way for quite some time. Fun. He wondered how it went with the bruise on his cheek and the scab on his bottom lip from where John punched him.
, and his cheek was pressed hard against John's chest and there was a gun pressed against his opposite ear and this was okay,
But John was positively beaming. “I’m not mad. I’m…I’m happy!” He put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and pushed him down onto the couch.
Molly said, "Pretending to be straight isn't going to make you feel better. Pretending can't make you straight."
Sherlock turned away and went into the kitchen. “Don’t be absurd. I was only offering my help and trying to help you avoid a major catastrophe, not trying to…” He threw up one of his hands. “…whatever you’re suggesting.” He put his candle on the counter and made a frustrated sound, planted his hands on his hips, his head lowered and shook his head. “You’re impossible, John.”
John  ignored the tea, not because Sherlock had made it and he was mad at  Sherlock, but because he was hung-over and dizzy and never really  noticed it. Quite frankly, he couldn't remember much of the night  before.
what I said. I specifically said you shouldn’t feel like you should devote your life to the care of a disabled child because of your sterility. You are not ‘damaged goods,’ you are not ‘inferior,’ however your feelings of inadequacy might make you
John was still away  when Sherlock returned to the flat. It was very late and Sherlock had  expected John home by now. He resisted the urged to text John. The good  doctor would come home when he wanted.
Mrs. Hudson didn't take it from him, leaving it in John's hand. "Imagine how Sherlock feels. He can't ever give it back."
Sherlock  looked around for some object or instrument he could hurt himself with.  "Nothing much around to kill yourself with in the psychiatric center,  is there?" he said in friendly disappointment.
“I keep doing that,” Sherlock said, shaking his hands. “And then I…shut out the traumatizing information entirely into a little space in my mind palace and I…"
He was climbing the steps to hospital before he even realized he'd arrived. He went to the emergency room and patiently explained his suicidal thoughts to a stunned nurse. In moments, he was ushered away, stripped of his coat and his belongings, including his pocket knife. He didn't resist the anxious hands that pushed him. He answered all the questions that were asked of him calmly. He felt safe and secure.
. You know how willful and mouthy children are at ten? Just when my bones are going stiff and I start to look like an old man, their hormones will start raging." John shook his head. "And I'm not having a baby today. I don't even have a girlfriend." John smiled bitterly. "It's just one of those things that's just outside my reach and I don't think I'm ever going to have it. And my situation with women is just growing more and more toxic with every failed relationship, and the rush to have a family is just ruining everything. I have this expectation that I can…God, I really don't want to talk about this." John waved Sherlock off. "Just, never mind."
Harry cocked her head. "Wake up every morning? 'Morning sweet heart.' Give each other pecks on the cheek? Fake the sex, smile for the photos, and wait for him to die?"
He chucked the needle to the floor and sat dazed a moment. Then he settled back into the sofa, snuggling up on to his side and drawing his knees to his chest, closed his eyes and tried to drift off for a little nap.
Sherlock drummed his fingers impatiently. Then he laid sideways in the booth and glared at Molly. "Hey. Look at me."
Sherlock was standing in the middle of the kitchen, slipping the back door key into his pocket. “Sorry, I thought you might have gone back to bed. I was trying to be quiet.”
The  subsequent weeks were less tense, because John and Sherlock were  preoccupied with other things. John's investment with Sarah finally paid  off. He spent the night at 221b less frequently. Sherlock threw himself  into cold cases and eagerly responded to every text Lestrade sent his  way, no matter how tedious the crime.
But she was always fretting about something and Sherlock hardly took notice. He went right up to Mrs. Hudson, two coffees in his hands, and leaned in to plant a loud kiss right on Mrs. Hudson’s hairline. “Mrs. Hudson,” he implored lovingly, “How could you
John fumbled with his words, but he pressed on, taking  Mrs. Hudson's hands into his; "Sherlock…he's on suicide watch, do you  understand? I don't think he'll want all this attention." He cleared his  throat and looked over at Lestrade for support, but Lestrade was busy  putting his nose in a corner so no one could hear him laughing. John  looked helplessly back at Mrs. Hudson. "Maybe…we should hold off on  celebrating until he feels better."
No. Find a CCTV camera and stand there until Mycroft found him. Forgive Mycroft for rejecting him. Forgive Mycroft for being gay, too. Start his life over. Tell mother. Tell father. Get therapy.
Mrs. Hudson said, "He either has to…learn to be proud of that silly little thing…or hate himself along with it for the rest of his life." Now, she took the rainbow flag from John. "I think he wears those black suits because every day is a funeral."
Dejected, Lestrade turned around and walked out of the pub. Donovan was waiting for him, looking anxious. They walked together for a while.
He would walk the streets of early London, see stacks in the distance, steam-powered ferries, horse drawn carriages.
Now John wondered; What was the point  of coming out? Why subject himself to ridicule, why risk rejection if  Sherlock was committed to remaining celibate? Which was fine, as far as  John was concerned,
John sat in the backseat of Mycroft's town car. He absently massaged  his wrists, still tender where the handcuffs bit his flesh the day  before. His head lay limp, pressed up against the window. Occasionally,  he glanced at the driver. He thought absently,
Sherlock exclaimed gleefully, "Harry, you're brilliant! Or a witch! You've done in twenty minutes what our therapist hasn't been able to do in a dozen sessions and I haven't been able to do in my whole life; put into words
Sherlock winced, realizing what he’d said. “What I mean is…you should have a genuine interest…not a…um…”
"Mycroft recruited us to join the manhunt for Sherlock,"  Lestrade said. "Obviously, we didn't find him. But when the search was  called off, nobody told us at the Yard why. I made a lot of phone calls but nobody…"
Sherlock's eyes fluttered shut. In a moment, he felt his weight being supported. Mycroft was holding him. He felt so strange. "I wasn't hiding. Your agents are all garbage," Sherlock muttered.
"It's really me and I can prove it!" Sherlock said. He dug in his pockets for his driver's license and he showed John anxiously, his wrinkled hands shaking. "Look at my name. Look at the date it was issued."
"Listen to me," said the old man, ”I was conducting an experiment a moment ago, an experiment which did not yield results at all like I was expecting. In fact, the only reaction was you shouting in this hallway.
And it was so surreal. To  watch Sherlock Holmes, usually so elegant and superior, look so raw and  vulnerable and say something so personal, reveal something that had been  secret for so long, and then punctuate it with the heart breaking,  unspoken question that was the
, labor, the ripping and tearing of my vagina…and then, you would like me to surrender the resulting baby, the product of my pain and suffering and my DNA and all my motherly instincts...you’d like me to hand over the baby to
Sherlock answered, “Because when you decide to take her baby away, you won’t be doing it in private.  You would be doing it in public, in a court room, with spectators. Trying to wrestle her baby away, proclaiming you had more right to it than she did because you had more money." He snorted. "You won't win, John. And you might hate yourself when it’s over." He shifted his weight. "Or.
"No," she said again, "I don't want to know. I don't want to know any of his secrets. Don't tell me anything."
Harry held up her arms, as if presenting herself. "I'm divorced, baby. I've had those thoughts. They're real. And if you don't do something
John looked straight ahead. "How can you see this a bad  thing? Sherlock is safe and sound. He's in a hospital. He's being
had experienced so long ago,  he hoped Sherlock would come to understand all he had robbed John of, and feel and know the pang of separation and the frustration of a brilliant life wasted. Two brilliant lives wasted.
John ever-so-weakly lifted his head off the sofa. “I thought you didn’t do domestic cases. Too boring.”
John hung back. "Um. No. I don't actually know who he is…" With uncertainty, he looked after Sherlock's face. But Sherlock's head had limply fallen to the side, his eyes closed peacefully. "He's…just a stranger."
John absorbed it. He tried to remember his last  venture to Baker Street. He'd just gone straight up to his room, didn't  even greet Sherlock who'd been sitting quietly at the kitchen table in  front of his chemistry set. He'd just assumed Sherlock was deep into a  case. If Sherlock wanted him for something, he would have shouted to  him. But Sherlock just ignored John like he always did. John ignored  Sherlock in return. But now John thought about how Sherlock hadn't even  turned around to look at him, how he had just sat quietly without saying  or doing anything. John wondered how long he'd been sitting there and  if he'd actually been
Sherlock snapped his phone shut and grinned innocently. Sitting sideways on the arm chair with his back braced against one arm and his legs draped over the other arm, bare feet in the air, Sherlock turned to face the gathering nurses, smiling, hands steepled ingenuously. "Sorry," he apologized. "Was I being a bother? Promise not to do it again. Oh? Or are visiting hours done for the night?" He offered up his phone, waggling it . "I imagine you'll be wanting this back."
Sherlock shook his arms free and the male nurses let him go. Indignantly, he smoothed his hands over his robe, reached up to touch his hairline. Composed, he marched forward into the darkened room, leaving the nurses outside.
, spare Sherlock Holmes. Let the police find him  tonight. Don't let him lay there. Oh my God, please don't let him lay  there….," and then he heaved again, dry, painful, and it didn't feel  like bile or partially digested food, but like his heart was trying to  climb up his throat. "Don't let him
John stayed behind, frazzled and silent. He took the groceries up the steps to 221b. After he finished putting everything away, he sat down at his laptop and put in the password 'CLARA' and began to write about what had just happened, about the strange fan he'd met. Then he realized he still had the drivers license in his pocket.  He took it out and looked at it.
“Sherlock?” John asked, struggling to fill his lungs. “Do you see anything? Anyone? In your mind palace?”
Later, as Sherlock went back in the front door, he met Mrs. Hudson at the foot of the stairs. “Oh, Sherlock,” she said in the most despondent way.
“I think so,” Harry agreed. “But I’m not angry at John for the reasons you think. Yes, my coming out as a lesbian wasn’t welcome news to our ultra conservative parents. But John was always supportive in that regard. He was…unusually…sexually liberated. Kind of had a wild side there, even from a young age. A sexual opportunist. A real
Sherlock was lead down the hall, past Awesome Black Nurse's station. As she buzzed the door open, she muttered in disinterest: "Fiduciary."
The phone stopped ringing. “This is John Watson.” Pause. “Yes. You can tell me this way, I prefer it.” Then he was quiet for a long time.
Sherlock tried to control his smile. He swallowed, pursed his lips. "Why don't we talk about it some more later?"
In the time he'd been granted, John finished moving the remainder of his belongings from the flat he'd shared with Sherlock for two years.
John said, "Can I hazard a guess? Was it when you offered to ask Mycroft for a favor in expediting an adoption?"
Lestrade offered, "Well, yeah, he has hundreds of fans,  too. All the responses to his post have been very encouraging. People  love him for it."
“No sugar, no cream, just how you like it. And I didn’t poison or drug it.” Sherlock sat down on the coffee table, right in John’s line of sight. He put the coffees down beside himself and leaned down until he was almost nose-to-nose with John. “It’s hot, John, and the rain stopped hours ago. You don’t need that coat.”
"This is…," John waved his hand back and forth between them. "This is how you treat suspects and witnesses. When you're trying to coax a confession or bleed information. I
All he had to do was be strong for the next few seconds and there would never be suffering ever again. And what beautiful company to die in.
. But he hadn’t. He’d been in auto-pilot ever since John uttered the words ‘little ones’. And it all might have worked out beautifully if Sherlock had bothered to put any actual
Spectacular and effortless were not words  usually attributed by Sherlock to other people. And John was not  accustomed to hearing Sherlock praise or compliment him in any way. Love, also, was not a polite word a man used towards another man,  but Sherlock chose the word deliberately and said it with dignity and  confidence. Because it was now or never. Someone had to know.
"No, no. Please don't misunderstand.  I really want to be a dad," John said earnestly. "I really want it, more than anything else in the world. And Sherlock really wants it, too. And it was my idea. And Sherlock has actually been very wonderful through most of this. I've seen a different side of him. He's…um." John stopped. He pursed his lips. Then he began again, "I couldn't tell him I was having second thoughts. Not now."
Molly drank her coffee in sobering meditation. She decided that having the power to mute Sherlock Holmes on command was, indeed, a great and terrible power that she needed to harness immediately and master. People would gasp and clap.
to see? For all the assholes and the criminals of the  world to see?" John sank back against the wall. "For the….for the….the  Jim Moriarties of the world to see? Why the hell would he do that?"
explain it then, hm?! All these… these…primal…instinctive urges…this desire to procreate…all being tickled and gratified by this artificial stimulus?
website? No. Is this…?" He frowned. It was a commercial surrogacy website, matching infertile couples and gay couples with available women for artificial insemination. Sherlock's mouth fell open. "John, what
place, anyone outside looking in could see him clearly, but they were invisible to him. He could see nothing through the back door window but black night.  He knew there was a path, knew there was an old fence and a gate beyond, but there might as well be an empty void into the Nothing. There might as well be someone standing right there.
"Don't play dumb," Sherlock said sternly, his  hands twisting in a nervous fit in his robe, the material beginning to  tear only he didn't seem to notice. "Tell me the truth, no matter how  harsh, but don't treat me like an idiot..."
will help you move past it?” He gestured back to the oven. “I’m working on this experiment. If it pans out the way I think it will, we might have a tidy investigation on our hands, if a bit belated. It’s not grade-A, premeditated murder I’m afraid. Smacks of failed corporate oversight, but it’s something.”
She somehow heard the  comment from two rooms away behind a closed office door, which suddenly  flew open.
"I don't have to look at him," Mycroft said. "I grew up in the same house with the same parents and the same values. Hire all the witch doctors you want. It's not going to undo the years of hearing about how our bodies are sinful, that sex is dirty and that
He was between cases. He was bored. He didn't know  where John was. He hadn't been back to the flat in a few days. He'd  woken up in a bus station this morning and he was wearing the same  clothes since yesterday. His phone battery was dead and he didn't care.  He was slightly delirious and his moods were wildly fluctuating. He'd  wept in a men's public washroom at one point and screamed at nothing and  laughed at nothing, then grew quiet again.
Molly dramatically lifted her hand, as if summoning the spirits, even though Sherlock couldn't see. "Let him come, Sherlock."
Sherlock pushed aside the laptop and jumped  to his feet after John and followed him to the bottom of the stairs.  "John, wait." He reached out and tried to take John's hands.
And Sherlock hoped that, as his younger self lay on the sofa, expecting to die and cycling through the inevitable panic, as he experienced the misery and the sense of helplessness
Lestrade didn't hesitate though. He put one hand on John's  shoulder and squeezed. "How you holding up?" he asked sincerely.
John almost laughed and quickly felt bad about it.  "God, no. What are you talking about?" Really, it wasn't the suggestion  that Sherlock was effeminate that was ridiculous, but that he was
John offered, slowly, "You know. I don't have to be  your brother to keep your confidence. You can tell me anything."
“My career was ruined. My future was in the toilet. I had no sense of self. I didn’t know who I was or what I’d do. I was just this useless cripple with a pension until you swept in and gave my life meaning and purpose.” Then John’s mouth was on Sherlock’s mouth, gently pressing, gently sucking his bottom lip.
Sherlock had spent the remainder of his entire life, over fifty years, in the service of this moment.
Sherlock nodded. "On the boy across the street. I was so excited I might as well have been in love. I played every day with him all summer. Eventually, we grew apart. Well, I grew into a little snot and I pissed him off and he wouldn't play with me anymore, but that's not the point of the story. The point is. Mother was right. And that's what this feels like. I feel like…you know."
"Alright." When Lestrade got up, he went to Sherlock and put a brother hand on Sherlock's shoulder. He gave a gentle squeeze.
Sherlock put his arms down uncomfortably. He already knew where this conversation was headed and he didn’t like it one bit.
He carried on until dawn. Just as the sun was peering over his shoulder from the window, he was re-reading the very last paragraph of the very lengthy letter he had written.
"I was trying to protect you two from the predators and the child molesters that target vulnerable little boys in crisis…"
Sherlock tried to pull himself together. He sat up and dragged himself to a wall and rested back against it, drawing his knees to his chest. He didn't answer. John was
“I need a case right away, it’s an emergency,” Sherlock whispered, looking over his shoulder at John.
John approached Sherlock from behind. He eyed the dish rack and a hand towel crumpled on the counter. He picked up the towel and plucked up one dripping, clean plate and began to dry it. "There's nothing routine about our lives when we have cases," John pointed out.
Sherlock went to the coffee pot. “I once had a fantasy so immersive, I was convinced you and I were living in 1895. We still lived on Baker Street together. I did it back when we received that pre-recorded video message from Moriarty and I was trying to work out if it was possible for him to have faked his death…”
"I'm also disappointed.  Um. I'm very uncomfortable at the idea of…Sherlock…he's really not fit to be a father."
Sherlock could think of no reply. He thought he might die from happiness. His face hurt. He realized he was smiling a huge, goofy grin and he couldn’t stop. He licked his lips, but immediately his mouth pulled back in the involuntary smile. He flexed his mouth, opened his mouth wide and tried to pop his jaw, but as his mouth closed, he was smiling again. Oh God, this happiness was really quite something else. He laughed nervously. Oh. Oh, that felt nice. Oooh. He laughed again, like an edgy hiccup. Suddenly, he was giggling in the most irritating way, but now he had no control, and it kept bubbling up from his chest. He sounded like an asylum patient. “Please, excuse me,” he begged John between bouts. “Oh. Oh, dear God. I don’t know where this is coming from.” He’d never felt elation like this before! He was going to be a dad. John was going to be a dad. They were going to be dads together. No one was mad. Everything was going to work out. What had started off as John ‘sharing his most personal feelings’ was going to result in a whole new life for them both.
But Sherlock was not face-down on the floor  in a pool of his own blood. He was not slumped against the wall with a  needle in his arm. The bathroom was empty.
John's face was twisted in agony. "No! No, this…it's not supposed to happen like this." He seized Sherlock's lapels to keep him sitting up. "I was supposed to save you from the pill. It's supposed to be
On his way, he changed his mind several times. His mood swung wildly. He made plans to see Molly first thing in the morning and laugh like he had today, no regrets. He knew a shop that ground excellent exotic coffees and he could bring her a batch and they could enjoy it together.
"Of course," John assured him. "Nothing at all will be different. One thing has nothing to do with another, after all. I imagine you'll always be thankless, tactless. Messy. The other thing…well, it's not something I dwell on."
Sherlock didn't respond. His heart rate was elevated. His mind was troubled. He was about to open his mouth to ask John more about Harry when the door finally opened.
, she wouldn't be interested in him, not sexually. And the opportunity for first impressions had already passed. What other company could she have been expecting? Besides, she had no way to anticipate Sherlock's unannounced arrival.
John rubbed his temples. "You can't just be gentle, can you? You have to go in for the kill. Everything is cranked up to eleven with you. You can't be a
. He wanted to conquer his own sexuality, deny it.  Subdue it. He couldn't. He felt betrayed by his own body. So he painted  his face like a
"What's five  minutes early?" asked John. He was hopped up on too much coffee. His  eyes were rimmed red. He hadn't slept.
"Nobody knew about you shooting the cabbie except you and me," Sherlock said. "And the password to your laptop is your sister's ex-wife's name, Clara. I guessed it right off and that's why you were angry with me that time I took your computer, because…oh John, my visions never last more than a few minutes and I don't want to waste precious time trying to prove myself to you. I've spent the past fifty years learning how to travel through time and all I want to do is tell you that you were murdered and it's all my fault. Years ago, I dragged you to a case you wanted no part in and it was all too much for us, just as you said it would be, and we got caught and we got tied up and they shot you. They shot you and you died and I'm so sorry. And it's going to happen soon, John, and you need to get away from me, you need to get away from the Sherlock you know because he's dangerous and deranged and he doesn't understand anything good or worthwhile. If you want a happy life, you should move out, today. Go and find a nice girl and have a family and never think of me again, I beg you."
Billy returned to the table with a coffee pot and a glass of milk for Harry. He was about to pour Sherlock a second cup of coffee when Sherlock put his hand up. “No thank you, Billy. I’m done here. And please give me the bill.”
The  door to 221b was open when John came home. Peering inside, the flat  looked almost normal. Except that the violin was smashed on the living  room floor, the broken strings curling, the wooden neck splintered. The  lights were all on and it was mid-day. So. It had been laying there  since the night before. Or, possibly, since two nights before. John had  done a double yesterday, spent the night at Sarah's, then done a more  forgiving six hour shift this morning. Really, it would be his  preference to freshen up at Sarah's. She wasn't home but he had his own  key now, but he'd run out of fresh clothes, so he came back. To find  this.
to us." Suddenly, John's face was awash with guilt. He glanced away briefly to gather himself and when he spoke to Mycroft again, his eyes were fixed at some distant point. "Sherlock and I would be crushed if…this didn't happen."
. I  think I'm going to blow my brains out tonight. I can't take it one more  day." Sherlock's eyes were absolutely empty, frighteningly empty. "
, through all the seasons, through the oppressive summer heat and the bitter winter cold to decompose and decompose and decompose and
John absently rubbed the stubble on his chin, deep in thought. “I want to say ‘I can’t believe he’d keep a cancer diagnosis secret from his family,’ but…its Mycroft Holmes, so of course he did. Why wasn’t he on the other side of the world seeing a whoever’s the world’s best oncologist?”
The younger Sherlock pinched the pill between his thumb and his forefinger and looked at it, holding it up in the light. It was just as he remembered. "Tell me how John was murdered."
Then Sherlock shaved. He barely needed it, so he made quick work of it. He combed his hair, patted it dry, tossing his head dramatically until his curls began to fall in a way that pleased him. He crouched under the sink and pulled out a bottle of fine hair gel, spritzed his comb and ran it through his hair again, parting it the way he preferred. From here, his locks would take care of themselves. He liked looking attractive and it pleased him that his routine was relatively effortless.
, and even though it's not socially acceptable to say so anymore, they would be happy to see you dragged behind a car by a noose around your neck, or strung up in a tree! Which, by the way, when it
“You!” Chatterjee thundered from the kitchen, darting up to the counter. “How could you show your scheming face down here again?!”
John barely noticed the honor he'd been given and continued on; "And I did. I told her I loved her and I meant it, and there was nothing forced or fake about it. And Harry didn't stop drinking or partying and she didn't become a different person. But she did meet Clara and Clara was very sweet and the two of them were happy for a while and I was happy for them, even while my parents weren't. And yes, you were right, Sherlock, as always. When I came back from Afghanistan and I found out Harry and Clara were divorcing, I was disgusted and I didn't take up Harry's invitation to stay at her place. But it wasn't because I 'liked' Clara. Well, I did, but not in the way you were suggesting. I was disappointed in Harry for still being thoughtless and spiteful and immature. But I've never been disappointed that she's not straight. I haven't dwelled on it since. Not once." John sat up and propped his elbows on the table, ruffling his hair. His scalp inched. He was also long overdue for a shower. "Anyhow. Why did you ask me about Harry?"
," he said in a serious voice, though his flexing jaw hinted at his unease at having to speak openly about such a topic. "I've suffered mood swings my whole life. So, I sympathize. I know what it feels like to not want to talk for days on end, to struggle with…
John thought a moment more and said, "No, I’m right. If I have a baby with a surrogate's help rather than yours, it's a threat to your…" He shrugged, at loss for a moment. "This is going to be the wrong word but…it's a threat to your
never have to hear again, felt like Velcro straps attached to a bomb across his chest and John felt his breathing speed up and his heart hurt. He reached up for that ghost sensation and of course nothing was strapped to his chest, but by the time his hand fell back to his lap, his whole body ached from stress. “I don’t want to talk about Moriarty anymore,” John said as softly as he could. “He’s been dead a long time. He can’t hurt you or me or anyone we love.”
Sherlock flinched. "God! No! I don't want anyone to know. I just wanted to tell John. I was satisfied just to have him know and have him accept me and have him keep my secret."
is what I can't stand about you. Your mood swings and your general disregard for tidiness and hygiene and your inability to understand why body parts shouldn't share the same shelf space as the food we eat, your inability to compromise, your entitled attitude, your laziness. You're not a good man and you don't what it takes to be a good father or a good role model, so,
Donovan rested her head back. "Isn't it a mad house in that tiny little flat? All three of you, bumping into each other?"
Sherlock just put his hands out defensively and took a few cautionary steps backward. “John? John, I know you’re upset…and…this isn’t….John?”
With one cheek puffed out from a mouthful of food, Sherlock lifted and waggled his empty plate mutely.
John  just stared, stupefied. His widened eyes slowly narrowed to a glare of  his own. "You know, Mycroft, your fixation on your brother is edging on  incestuous."
Sherlock spun around, shaking, running his hands through his messy hair. His thoughts were racing out of control and he couldn't isolate a single idea long enough to hold on. He caught his own wild reflection in the mirror. "I wouldn't!" he shouted accusingly at himself. "I wouldn't ever…! Well, how do
Lestrade had beckoned  Sherlock to hit and run that didn't sit with him as being quite so  random. As Sherlock flew out the front door, he texted John and demanded  he leave the clinic to assist him. John came promptly (as usual) and  was miffed (again, normal) that there wasn't a true emergency  that really justified his leaving work (A typical day, really. Could be  any day. Today it was Thursday).
my friend," John repeated, more slowly  this time, tasting the words as if understanding them for the first  time. John sank down a bit, wobbling. He crouched down, head between his  knees and started hyperventilating. Reality was sinking in. "Sherlock  was my friend…"
in the sink and John took a hearty drink. After that, he gestured at Sherlock with the open bottle. “And I’ll let you know when I’m done with nothing. Until then, your live-in PA, blogger, marketer, public relations manager, medical examiner and maid is on leave. That okay with you?”
By the look on John's face, Sherlock immediately deduced  John's regret and embarrassment. He also quickly noted the bags under  the eyes, the stubble, and his crooked collar. And lipstick. Shimmer  pink lipstick in the corner of his mouth. Ah. John had not been at the  clinic at all.
, was he mindful? When he was  an effacing, condescending snot or when he left deteriorating body parts  in the crisper?
He sent off the  message and settled the phone on his stomach and closed his eyes. Across  the room, a girl was crying. Sherlock sighed again.
Sherlock knew immediately what was coming and turned his head to the side to dodge John’s kiss. His lips met Sherlock’s cheek instead. Undeterred, he kissed what he could reach. He planted warm, wet kisses down Sherlock’s throat and collar bone. “Isn’t this what it’s all been about?” John begged, his choked voice confused and desperate. “You wanted me to be dependent on you and now I am!” He reached up to kiss Sherlock’s mouth again and missed again. “You wanted your…your claim…and now…it can’t be disputed…” He kissed Sherlock’s jaw. His ear.
After an hour, he turned the phone back on. He scrolled  to John's name and sent a message without reading anything John sent  him:
Sherlock sat up furiously. His face had blood smeared across it. He made an inhuman noise that sounded remarkably like a snarl. "You can't go! I won't let you!" He tried to gather his long legs under him, but he was dizzy and he reached up to grasp the butcher's block for support. "John! Don't you dare go out that door!" He touched his bottom lip softly and when he pulled his hand away, he was livid to find it bloody. "
"We  can't both take the day off," she said apologetically. "You get some  sleep. And come to bed at a reasonable hour from now on, okay?"
The woman pointed out angrily, "He's in a mental hospital! He tried to kill himself. This isn't normal, Mycroft!"
So now Sherlock took night classes. Aeronautics. Electronic engineering. Arabic. Physics. Sculpture. Astronomy. Sign language. Just to pass the time. Crime scenes and cold cases had long ago lost their appeal and Sherlock only solved cases now because he felt obligated. He couldn't remember the last time he was happy, or excited. Going to school didn't thrill him either. But it was something to do and he never actually did finish university. It was sore spot on his pride that he was
Sherlock stepped in John’s path, grabbing him. “No! No! Stop it!” He wrestled with John a moment, John squirming in Sherlock’s arms. After just a few seconds, John’s attention was diverted again, and he backed up, drifting aimlessly. He took a few dizzy steps and then slipped on the glass on the floor, landing on his knees. On the floor, John just slumped over, muttering incoherently.
"I didn't think you would," Mycroft said. "Which is why he was released on his own recognizance pending a hearing. However, I wasn't going to allow him to come here. No. He's in a car outside. I had my people pick him up when we read your text messages." Mycroft's tone changed. "Brother. Did he
Sherlock had not read John’s blog lately. Had John posted anything about his desire to be a father? Could he expect that John might, in the future, blog about the kids? What would become of them? Would strangers take photos? Would they be followed? Their youthful exploits…exploited?
with. He remained untidy, demanding and obsessive. He was still a  pleasure to be with and his impulsive adventures remained John's most  relished delight. Gay, not gay, none of that changed. Their daily  routines didn't change. And now that the truth was known (only between  the two of them, Sherlock had impressed firmly upon John his wish for  privacy on the subject as he navigated coming out at his own pace)  Sherlock acted as if nothing had happened.
As Sherlock climbed up the stairs, “Just a little privacy for now.” He crested the landing, feeling a little numb. He saw their door was ajar. He nudged it open with his elbow, careful not the spill the coffee. “John?” he called cautiously “John?”
"Well, whatever," Sherlock scoffed. "I'd rather have a brother who loves me than reliable assistant."
Cases  came and went. For the most part, Sherlock investigated alone while  John tried to invest more time into the clinic and Sarah.
"John's not here," the other Sherlock assured him gently. "And he won't be back for a bit. After I let myself in, I depleted his bank account online, so he'll be struggling at the store  before coming home without the shopping." He nodded at the door. "Shut the door. I don't want to alarm Mrs. Hudson."
The younger Sherlock was slightly taken aback by the ready admission. "Well," he went on. "I can assure that John will be
, wasn't it? Better than being blown up in an armored vehicle in Afghanistan, yes? Better than the floor of a squalid dive flat with a needle stuck in his arm? Better than in a nursing home, pissing and shitting themselves helplessly, at the mercy of impatient hospice staff, dying one at a time and leaving the other to suffer in misery and dementia fifty years from now, their careers over, their victories forgotten?
As he tried to lift himself up, the butcher's block tumbled over and he fell back down on his behind. The microscope and chemistry tray toppled over, as well as a wooden block filled with cutlery. Glass shattered around Sherlock, and he quickly covered his face and head with his hands. He heard the metal knives clatter around him, one just barely grazing him as it fell. He opened his eyes and looked around as the spectacular mess he had made.
Sherlock didn't need to work, never had. After Mycroft died of pancreatic cancer, Sherlock found himself rich again. He tried giving his money away to Mrs. Hudson, but she died almost immediately after; a stroke. Sherlock was surprised to discover that Mrs. Hudson had children, children she left 221 Baker Street to, but they couldn't decide who was going to get the property and they squabbled. Sherlock offered to buy it and the kids (they weren't kids, they were much older than him) jumped on Sherlock's offer, splitting the money between them, and now Sherlock had a home forever and a modest income from the other tenants.
Sherlock called insistently, pleasantly, breezing through the front door of the flat, his black coat billowing. "Come on. That lead I told you about? It's the genuine thing and I know exactly where they're going to be tonight. If we leave now, we'll catch them just before they leave…London." He paused mid-step. After a moment, he relaxed and squared himself formerly, putting his hands behind his back. "Hello," he greeted.
are you asking me?" He wasn't sorry anymore. Now he was being provoked and he didn't like it. He was only going to feel repentant towards so many people.
John hesitated. "In an adoption, yes. But I haven't ruled out surrogacy yet. I have an appointment tomorrow to test my sperm count."
"Well, let me tell you something," John said. "I've been correcting people. Since the beginning. It's annoying, but it's no huge burden. I just don't want to be the last guy in the room who figures out he's gay when everyone else figured it out years ago."
John nodded stiffly and finished sweeping. He used a dust bin to gather the glass shards and deposited them in the garbage. Then he put the broom back in the corner and went out of the kitchen. "I'm off to my appointment. Try not to burn the place down before I get back."
Lestrade opened the taxi door for Donovan. He said, "Sherlock will never work up the nerve to go to Harry's."
“You don’t mean that,” John said sitting down at the kitchen table. It was a small, white table with four little chairs. Mary picked it out. She liked white, painted wood. John didn’t, because he could never remember to use coasters. There were rings in the wood. He grew up with 1970’s midcentury, Masonite Swedish furniture, and you didn’t need coasters to protect it’s finish. In the end, he let Mary have whatever she wanted, because he’d been so grateful that she loved him. And even though she was dead, and even though she’d lied and he should be angry, he gently traced the water stains on the paint and thought fondly of her. Love did things to you, against your better judgement, against logic. “I know you and Mycroft didn’t get along and there was some bad history, but he was your brother.”
She said, "He can pretend to mend burned bridges. But he doesn't want my friendship. He's just a lonely guy with bad manners."
Sherlock took a deep, shuddering breath, finally wrenching his eyes away, too ashamed to look John in the face any longer.  “Then,” he said, struggling, “you parted your coat and showed me the bombs. And when you said,
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Look, I'm not suggesting you couldn't raise a healthy, well-balanced child in a single-parent home. Successful, happy children emerge from all kinds of environments. But statistics prove again and again that children are happiest in two-parent homes regardless of whether the parents are a mother and father or two mothers or two fathers, so long as the parents are in a stable, healthy relationship. Why would you intentionally give yourself an unnecessary handicap when I am a perfectly capable adult, able to assist in child-rearing duties?"
"No," Sherlock said, matter-of-fact. "We're agreeing to make a life-long commitment. This isn't the sort of thing we should blindly jump into without thoroughly discussing…”
"Nononono!" On the other end of the phone, there were sounds of dull crashing, like Sherlock was throwing himself back and forth. "I don't want to see him!"
"Hypothetically, I could watch him get shot over and over again and he would always be suffering," Sherlock countered. "And it would only be my
She angrily pointed behind her, in Sherlock's direction. "He's sick! My son is sick. And he's a drug addict on top of it all…!"
Sherlock’s toes curled. He squeezed the union jack pillow against his face and stifled his own keen. “Oh yes,” he purred to himself, “Yes,
Sherlock sighed. "Fine. An educated guess." He rolled the bottle in his hands. Inside, the pill tumbled faintly about.
Sherlock shot  John an angry glare, but his fiery temper quickly fizzled out from  embarrassment. "I've always tried to be mindful of my behavior. Am I…  effeminate?"
Obviously, he and John were going to have a lot to discuss. And this was all assuming John wasn’t going to horribly murder him for approaching Harry without his knowledge or permission. Also, assuming that John would even be interested in allowing his sister to function as his surrogate in this way.
way extraordinary, you’re going to lose interest. And I just can’t let you crush a little child like that, the way you crush fully-formed adults.” He looked at Sherlock sadly. “If you want to help me, fine, good. If you want to be the cool uncle or something, do that. I'm sure you'll be adored. But being a
," John wheezed. "He wrote a suicide note and he's gone and  nobody knows where he is and he's shot himself or he overdosed in some  rat hole somewhere or he jumped in front of a train, but he's gone. He  wrote a note. He wrote a note." He wasn't crouching anymore. He sank to  his knees, putting his hands on the ground, trying to center his weight,  but the whole universe was rocking and gravity wasn't working. He  heaved once, nothing coming up, but threatening to. "He wrote a note to
to give you a chance. For one, I'm not interested. Sorry. I don't want your feelings hurt, but I just don't want to.  And furthermore, I'm very happy that you are straight. So just stand there and continue to be straight."
He imagined Mycroft’s face when Sherlock finally told him that he was going to be a father. Mycroft’s horrified face.
"Your  lab coat is wrinkled, like you don't care anymore. No make-up. You  didn't even shower. You're too much of a professional to come to work  like that. And you've never said a hurtful word to anyone in your life,  even when they deserved it. It's your defense mechanism, one that  clearly didn't work when you were singled out for termination." Sherlock  pointed at her black office. "And you were crying alone in your office  in the dark and there's a roll away under your desk. Despite putting in  so many hours you've actually slept here in an effort to save your job,  you're getting laid off."
Sherlock turned and watched John go into the bathroom and stand in front of the mirror, examining his reflection. John sighed and turned on the faucet in the sink and grabbed his toothbrush. Sherlock stared as John began his morning routine.
The pattering of feet descending the stairs; John emerged from the hallway. He didn’t look at Sherlock. His jaw was set, his eyes glaring. His eyelids were rimmed red. Ah. That was what he’d been doing alone upstairs.
"Blame father if you want,"  Mycroft hissed. "Blame God. Blame pedophiles or the media or pornography or liberals or whoever you want."
"The pay is crap. The hours are crap. There's no benefits and the accommodations aren't accommodating. I literally have a
"Good day,  John," Mycroft said, turning the landing and disappearing down the  steps. "I'll be sending someone your way to look after you until the  manhunt for Sherlock is complete. Please behave yourself or your  situation will only grow more complicated."
Billy smiled warmly at Sherlock and gestured to an open table. Sherlock saw his usual booth was occupied. Actually, most of the tables were occupied. The tiny, hole-in-the-wall restaurant was unusually busy.
John followed anyhow, followed despite clearly not being wanted. His fingers curled around Sherlock’s sleeve.
, like maybe God didn't know who Sherlock was, or maybe John just wanted to make sure God didn't confuse him with all the other Sherlocks in the world and inadvertently save the wrong one.
"I had no idea you felt that way," Sherlock interrupted gravely. "You've never spoken of children before."
“Shut up. I know you’re still in the angry stage or denial or whatever, and you think what’s going on doesn’t have to do with your feelings for Mycroft, but you loved your brother and he loved you, too...”
afterwards. So what was a little water on fabric? In the meantime, John frequently picked off Sherlock’s plate, even things that Sherlock had
Street lamps illuminated little islands of sidewalk and crumbling pavement over ancient cobblestone while the road was swallowed by darkness in either direction. Bare trees clawed the November sky against surging gray clouds and a sickly moon. The windows of the little white town houses across the street stared back at John, vacant and dark.  Dead leaves swept by the window as the wind kicked up.
"John," Sherlock wheezed, and it was as if fifteen years hadn't gone by. Sherlock was in the boot of the car again, and John was only a short distance away, crying out for God's intervention, calling Sherlock by his full name so God would know who to save.
–and a play bath was just how it sounded, with floaty toys and bath chalk, while a business bath meant shampoo and soap.
"Because…why? Because I'm unsuitable somehow?" Sherlock strutted back towards John, turning his body around like a preening peacock. "Men and women far more unsavory and boring than I have become parents and are legally entrusted to raise innocent children by the mere coincidence of being biologically related. I think as far as individuals go, I'm extraordinary. I can contribute!"
“I don’t care what you’re doing or how you look.” John settled his sweaty forehead on the unsanitary toilet seat rim. He drew his knees up to his chest and shivered miserably.
Heat rose to Sherlock’s cheeks and excitement roiled in his belly. His whole body buzzed in pleasure. “Well. I thought you might object to…oh, well. I guess it….well. Good. Good! If you have no objections, then I don’t see why I should.”
“Oh, it’s fine, honey,” Harry purred. “I’ve been a server, too. I know what it’s like. Pancakes, please. Banana walnut with butter and syrup.”
Sherlock got up, shut off the gas, opened the windows. He went back to bed, thinking he could still die from an overdose, thinking maybe he should call for help, but feeling too ambivalent to dial his phone. He'd be sectioned off, and then his life truly wouldn't be worth living. If he died…well, he'd die. And after all, John had already asked for Sherlock’s soul to be spared. He’d be fine. John had vouched for him.
"Desperate?" Immediately, Sherlock thought John was referring to sex and relaxed. John's never ending quest for sex was a familiar challenge, one that amused Sherlock. Poor, pathetic, rutting John. Ordinary in his desires, ruled by instincts. He pitied him and his consuming libido. How horrible it must be.
John  leaned forward. "You're just being a miserable bitch. Well, I don't  like it. I don't like how you're
"Ahh. Alright." Sherlock laced his fingers together while steepling his index fingers and pressing them against his lips, as he liked to do when considering an especially trying puzzle. "You're frustrated that you aren't married. You were hoping to be a high ranking military officer by now and being invalidated from Afghanistan ruined your career…"
for not being enough of a man to make his own sperm and father his own children. It was insulting and heartbreaking. And also John thought Sherlock was some kind of opportunistic, merciless predator that would bully his vulnerable, straight friend into a nonconsensual gay relationship.
The male nurse grabbed Sherlock firmly again and before Sherlock could respond, two other nurses came from behind and grabbed his other arm, one under the armpit and one by the wrist. "Stop!" Sherlock shouted, his knees giving, making the nurses drag him. He kicked furiously. "No! I don't want to see him! He isn't welcome, you understand? Get off me!"
John held the flag in his open palm. He closed his fingers over it and held it limply. He stared at it. "I can't," he said, handing it back.
John's face was drooping. "You've been reading up on this." He took up another candle and lit it. Then he shut the lighter and pocketed it.
From then on, their former  friendship was abbreviated to "Good morning," and "Good night."  Sherlock's promise to not summon John short of an 'emergency' made him  reluctant to contact John at all, or even look up from his laptop when  John walked by.
John paused, chewing on a piece of toast. He was sitting cross-legged on the sofa, laptop on his thighs and dressing gown tied loosely around his pajamas. His unwashed hair was messy, his cheeks finely mottled with stubble.  "Hm?"
Rubbing circles against a back for comfort. That’s what mum and dad used to do, Sherlock thought. He did it just as automatically as a bird gathering twine for a nest. He didn’t have to think about it. He’d been taught it since birth. And even though he had never been touched that way his entire adult life, not in at least fifteen or twenty years, it was permanently ingrained in his subconscious and he mimicked the motion instinctively.
When she was gone, Sherlock huddled over John's remains, cradling them, sorting them. He still had the leather gloves, John's green Woolrich parka with the fur-lined hood, the oatmeal jumper, the black shooting jacket. The camel brogue shoes. The mug. Shaving kit. Pocket knife. Laptop. Good things. John things.
to be angry. I have every right to be angry until the end of time. For the rest of my life and beyond my death, for the remainder of the human race, when the sun expands and burns up the earth and collapses into a white dwarf and the solar system gets sucked into a black hole and the universe collapses and
Neither man was a habitual drinker. John because he had seen what havoc it had wrecked on Harry's life, and Sherlock because his personal poisons were more exotic and beer offended his palette. But tonight was a night for celebration and drinks were in order. And so the laughing began. Hearty, merry laughing.
Once, Sherlock spent two hours sitting on the railing of a bridge next to a middle aged banker who had threatened to jump. Surrounded by police, Sherlock just sat next to him. He didn't coax the man off the railing or plead with him or promise him things would get better. He just listened to the man's story. Then he analyzed it and began listing all the pros and cons of suicide, given the man's situation, and made his recommendation. Then he warned the man, in detail, what death by jumping-off-a-bridge would feel like, what the man could expect as far as 'Will it be instant?' (It wouldn't) 'Will I feel anything?' (Yes. It will be terrible.) Sherlock knew these things.
"I'm going to stay in," John said, engrossed in a website. "Think I'll put on tea and watch the news."
After a time, a waiter drifted over and asked for Sherlock's order, and he asked for some coffee. It was brought quickly and the old man sat quietly, sipping now and again and simply reflecting on all he had done.
"Can't  you just let me be mad at you? Can't I just be angry for a few hours  without having to decide if I want to break up with you?" She dug in her  pocket for her car keys as they crossed the street. "I think I have the  right to be disappointed. I thought….I dunno, that you were
“Yes, you can.  Could you be so kind as to join me in my Mind Palace for a moment, so you can shut the door behind me?”
Molly continued, "I can be your friend if you want. I can listen and I can share my thoughts with you. We can even do things together, go places. I'm sure we have something in common we could enjoy. But just an hour ago, you were planning to kill yourself. I've watched your emotions go up and down all afternoon. Just a minute ago, you were laughing and smiling and teasing me. Then you were sad again. Now you want….God. I want to help you and I don't know how. I'm not gay and I can't give you any advice. But I hope you don't go back to hiding who you are. Coming out was very brave thing to do and you shouldn't give up. I think an honest-to-God counseling session might do you some good…"
In contrast, Sherlock was sharply dressed and freshly showered, which meant he had a case on the brain. He leaned forward a bit, resting his elbows on his knees. "
He couldn't do it. What if the gas found a flame and the whole flat went up, taking Mrs. Hudson with it?
His heart was pounding in his throat. He checked the lock for the third time, trying to force the knob with all his strength, not satisfied it would hold until his wrist hurt with the effort.
So Sherlock became very quiet, very disciplined and very focused. Because Sherlock was very fond of John's wrist watch and army mug and they were in the box and Sherlock liked his John-box so much, so very,
John sat up straight. He waited. Listened. Listened long enough to start to relax back into his arm chair.
Mycroft added as he moved on, "…and I would like to express my gratitude more thoroughly, but there's something
It was beyond John's capacity  to imagine Sherlock could really commit suicide. But he'd read  Sherlock's notes on his laptop over and over again. It couldn't be real.  Sherlock couldn't have written
Sherlock was poised to cross the street, his leg already extended mid-step, but he spun in the other direction with a violent twist, fists clenching angrily. “God fucking damn it!” he shouted at nothing and nobody, though two middle-aged women strolling by paused to gape at him before hurrying along. Sherlock stomped off directionlessly before whirling to glare back at 221 Baker Street.
Suddenly, someone was grabbing him. Multiple someones. They dragged Sherlock out of the boot and dropped him on the wet grass. They dragged him by his ankles for a distance. Not too far.
Just as Mycroft began to turn away, Molly said timidly, "I'm sorry. I've only seen you once before…"
"I got over it in ten seconds." John tapped his temple. "I remember. In the time that it took for the words to leave her mouth, travel to my ear, register in my brain…by the time my jaw and my tongue and my lips began to move, I had this exact thought process: If I say what I really think, she's going to call me a bigot. A heartless bigot. And I'll never hear the end of it. And all her sympathetic little followers will say 'There goes John Watson, a cruel prick, just like his parents.' So, I'll be nice. I'll be nice because that's what is expected of me, even though I know damn well this is going to crush mom and dad for good. But we shouldn't judge people if they are thoughtless, if they are spiteful, if they are impulsive and immature and have no perspective or tact or manners because fuck everyone else, its all about ourselves these days, and why should anybody give a shit about anybody else? Go on, keep missing school, keep waking up at parties with no memory of what happened the night before. Get strung out, I promise not to interfere with my oppressive 'concerns' that apparently insult you. Really, I don't care if my idiot sister is a lesbian. I just wish she had a fucking soul. That's all I want, just some decency for once. So. I guess it doesn't matter that Harry is a lesbian. I just don't like Harry's destructive habits. Which is entirely separate from what she just told me. What is wrong with me? Am I really going to sit here and pretend smile and reassure my sister that I accept her and still love her…because…this progressive, liberal society I've grown up in has reinforced it upon me that we should embrace people when they come out as gay, not because I'm actually happy for my sister? Wow. That's terrible. God, I am terrible. It's the 21st fucking century and here I am, sitting in this room while my own sister spills her guts to me and all I can think about is how inconvenient this is going to make Christmas from now on. I guess I'm really the one with no perspective. And I'm her brother. For God's sake, if I can't accept her…how the will the rest of the world? Who is going to have her back, if not me? This was who she is. Maybe…well, maybe all the other bad choices she's made are related to this. Maybe she's felt so mixed up for years that all those other experiments were just her way of coping with pretending to be straight. Oh god, no, that's equally stupid. One thing doesn't have anything to do with the other. Her sexuality doesn't define anything about her other than her sexuality. She isn't about to become some other person. She is still Harry. Just like the old Harry, but new. But the same. Different. This is the Harry I've always known, but it's like we're just shaking hands for the first time. Fuck. I love my sister. I should say so. Right now."
Mycroft took the laptop from the table and handed it to Sherlock. "Take it. You have all the time you need and no distractions while you are here. That is, if you want to stay here."
Harry's merry cheer fizzled out. "Oh, Jesus. How the hell am I supposed to know? Look, why are you over here asking for relationship advice from a divorced lesbian? I can't help you."
For the next twenty years, Sherlock devoted himself entirely to the subject of time travel, which wasn't really time travel at all he discovered, and nothing at all what he expected. He imagined that time travel would involve building a machine or traveling through outer space at unheard of speeds and it wasn't like that, though he sat through many lectures from men younger than him who insisted that's what it
Then he cleaned 221b from top to bottom. He straightened everything, dusted and vacuumed and scoured the kitchen and the bathroom and removed any trace of the offensive message scrawled on the mirror. He meticulously gathered every shard of wood from Sherlock's destroyed violin and deposited them and the rest of its mangled wreckage into its case, which he locked and put aside beneath the coffee table. He cleaned all the dishes gathered in the sink and put them away. He emptied the fridge of everything,
“Apology accepted.” She casually picked up her menu and began to look it over. “I think I’ll have pancakes.”
Sherlock asked, "What are you getting at? What are you saying? That…no disabled child could live up to my expectations?”
Or…or done something worse than leaving?" Sherlock lifted his chin with indignation. "First of all, I'd get
John eyed the breakfast table, seeing his laptop and a pile of papers and two abandoned coffee mugs and other assorted clutter. He fixated on it, breathing deeply through flared nostrils. He lunged for it.
"You don't have to forgive me," Mycroft said, releasing his brother. "You just have to be okay. And I see you are well on your way."
Sarah whirled around and walked  backwards, wanting to face John but unwilling to stop. "Can you hear  yourself? Are you out of your
, mate. He hurt you. He hurt you like…I've never seen you hurt. You can't tell me it doesn't matter to you. You were a different person for months. I didn't know you. You were a stranger."
Lestrade was staring at John in shock, his arms encircling Mrs. Hudson who looked horrified. Molly stood behind Lestrade, looking suspicious and ready.
After several minutes, John turned a bit and slumped. His forehead came to rest on Sherlock’s collarbone and the rest of his body settled nicely against Sherlock’s side. He molded against his friend perfectly and comfortably.  “I’ve been upstairs all day,” John said. “Do you know what I was doing?”
Mycroft opened up the screen and waiting for it to flicker to life. "I didn't even know there was a problem until John contacted me yesterday. He told me you were missing. I had no idea."
But Sherlock was not very fond of himself. He would stare at himself in the mirror above the fireplace, unbelieving, like he didn’t know the person looking back at him. He would touch his face sometimes, then let his hand drop and go about his business.
In turn, John ground his knee into Sherlock’s stomach sharply. “Oh, so, we’re not friends anymore now? Because of the adoption thing?!”
The whole flat had shuddered with the force of it. John’s gun on the table had rattled. Across the hall in the dining room, the chandelier crystals jingled lightly, and now it swayed. And her bassinet, Rosie whimpered, awakened, and began to cry.
Lestrade was quiet a moment. The taxi he'd been waving at didn't stop and passed right by. He watched it go. Then he said, "We role-play conversations."
John stood firm, one fist clenched, one holding tightly to his gun pointing at the floor. He set his jaw and rotated his shoulder, squaring up for a fight, or least letting anyone on the other side of the door know he was ready for a fight.
“Ummm,” John said lightly, bitterly, swinging his arms in agitation, like punching something or someone wasn’t out of the question. “Uh. Nothing.” He smiled at Sherlock, an empty, hostile smile. “I don’t think I want to do anything.” With that, he breezed by.
“That’s fine, that’s fine,” Sherlock assured John, standing up slowly as well, watching John carefully.
stuff in a manly fashion. He started laughing, imagining himself dragging lumber to the roof, both John and Mrs. Hudson looking on in horror.
Sherlock was glad he had his back to John, because the smile that spread across his face was big and uncontrollable and it made his face tickle. "
John studied Mycroft's face, saw how the other man's face fell in an uncharacteristic way that should have been beneath him. John could see how his body language, usually finely tuned to exude authority and control, was showing signs of fatigue of impending defeat. Something serious had transpired in the past twelve hours. Something more severe than the bruising of Sherlock's pride.
“Nope,” Sherlock responded, leaving his candle behind and walking down the hallway towards his bedroom, disappearing in the dark. “Not once.”
coming out and maybe his blog was the way to do it…but he so vehemently rejected the idea…I didn't think he would do it!"
If he was so inclined, he could probably map out all the physiological and psychological sweet spots this artificial situation was tickling in himself, all those procreation instincts being triggered and gratified, and all without the involvement of sex. Sherlock didn’t need to pass down his
“Oh. Um.” He took a step into the sitting room. “Little…explosion. Nothing life threatening.” He turned left and right to show John, hoping to elicit a laugh or a smile. “How bad is it?”
"I haven't been medicated,"  Sherlock said resentfully, pacing back and forth before the glass  encased workstation. "I'm not being treated. I'm bored."
remember our time travel rules and do not draw attention to yourself, in this era even showing your ankles in scandalous so stop flashing people!'"
Sherlock stammered on, “Just…before I suggested it to you and get your hopes up, I wanted to test her temperature about it.” Sherlock tried to wrench away from John and spun around to look at him. “Um. I guess you’re pretty mad. I mean…surrogacy with your sister…that’s a really personal thing and…I didn’t ask your permission or anything…”
Molly's fists clenched in front of her. "It's  harder to kill yourself than you think." She slightly jutted out her  chin, like she knew from experience. "I bet you can't do it."
“I have to get the baby,” John stammered. “You’ve got a key, right? Just let yourself in. Got to go.”
John shrugged in defeat. “Eh. Goes with the rest of this hole. There isn’t a piece of furniture or a wall in the whole flat you haven’t shot or otherwise ruined or...oh, which reminds me…” He took another drink then gestured towards the sitting room. “I see you broke a window, too."
Sherlock realized he was an old man. "John. It's me. It's Sherlock. I'm from the future and I traveled back in time to find you."
. He couldn't really  contemplate ending his own life. Couldn't fantasize about it, make a  plan, follow through, actualize the fantasy. But maybe he
She ignored his interruption. "…and their consuming obsession with the opposite sex, which you didn't feel."
Then he was kicked in the back, hard.  Sherlock tumbled down suddenly into a hole, muddy and cold. He landed hard on John's body, what he knew
Across the room, Molly and Lestrade were sitting together. They both looked over at John and Mrs. Hudson.
Mycroft stood directly in  front of the violin, eyes closed. His arms were straight at his sides,  his hands relaxed. He breathed deeply and evenly, sinking into some  spell. "He was going to do it
Harry said bitterly, “There’s this video on YouTube. Have you ever seen it? It’s a clip of an American soldier coming home from Iraq. There’s lots of them, but this one is particularly...well. The front door opens, and this little yellow dog comes rushing out and falls at this soldier’s feet, whimpering and squealing and kicking up a huge fuss, falling all over itself in excitement, scrambling to get into this guy’s lap. And he kneels down to pet her, going, ‘Dada’s home! Did you miss me?’ All the while, the wife is video taping it, crying.”
Sherlock nodded. "Okay. Imagine you went through with it. Imagine you contacted a surrogate, arranged for payment, went through all the medical procedures and followed along anxiously for nine months, just to have her change her mind at the last minute because of greed or nagging guilt or budding attachment to her unborn child and then she
John stood absolutely still for a moment. "WHY?!" he screamed suddenly, kicking a bolted table infront of him with such force that two legs cracked and plastic shards flew in every direction, nearly sending the table flying but for the two remaining legs.
A minute later, he exhaled. He fought the irresistible urge to spring from his seat and fly up the stairs of 221b after his friend.
Reluctantly, Sherlock gathered his feet under his body. "Don't you dare put me in a straight jacket. He would love that. Fucking love it. Prick. Miserable prick. I hate him."
“Good, because before I entertain anymore talk about mind palaces and ghosts, I need to be perfectly clear with you on something: Is Mycroft actually dead? Or is that something you imagined?”
would know…," Mycroft breathed deep, "…that Sherlock Holmes was a  cock-sucking faggot who had to die because sex ruined his genius."
When Mrs. Hudson started ramming a broom handle against their floor and threatened to kick them out, Sherlock and John went still.
Sherlock’s grip tightened on John’s shirt and fist. “I don’t have to compromise with you! We don’t have a
Sherlock’s thunderous voice had made things rattle on the tabletops. In its wake, the flat felt eerily silent between rings. His anger immediately snuffed itself out and he was acutely embarrassed for shouting like a child.
With a sigh, Sherlock went to the threshold of the kitchen and waited glumly, feeling boorish. As he walked, water ‘squished’ in his socks.
“It’s…it’s just staggering, the statistics of disabled and mentally handicapped children. Children within the spectrum of autism languishing in the adoption and foster care system for years and years.”
Back in the corner, Sherlock had slumped against the wall. Haunted and alone, he held his own thin body, like he might fall apart at any moment. Wordlessly, he turned around and shuffled back down the hallway in the direction he'd come, without saying anything to his friends.
Sherlock looked momentarily panicked, but he immediately squared himself and waited for John to close the distance between them, which happened in less than three seconds. The detective narrowly dodged John’s first swing. He wasn’t expecting the second.
. His skin was dappled in little faint burns. His bottom lip was blistered and purple. He grimaced. There was nothing he could do for it now.
Except there was no bullet for Sherlock. Above him, he heard the groaning of one of his assailants, the sound of him sinking to the ground and keeling over, and then Lestrade's thunderous order for everyone to drop their weapons, then Donovan's shrill voice joined in, telling the thugs they were surrounded.
Sherlock stood up and went into the kitchen and returned with a glass which he handed to his older self. In the time he was gone, he saw that the other man had taken a moment to compose himself.  Older Sherlock then took a small sip and set down the glass on the coffee table. "Thank you."
Do you think I'm a liar?" Now Molly wasn't just loud, she was talking down to him like he was stupid.
. I don't believe in an afterlife. I don't believe we're punished for our sins or rewarded for our good deeds in the hereafter, or that our loved ones look down at us in scorn or affection and I don't believe we're reunited when we die. If we want to make the most our ourselves, if we want to 'honor' the people we know, we ought to do it when it matters; when we're here, when we're together. Everything else is just empty sentiment." Sherlock paused. "I think the coffee's ready." He got back up. "Sugar? Cream?"
Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson's expressions softened a bit at John's admission, and John knew he was forgiven.
When the gunshot rang out, Sherlock held his breath. The only sound that followed was a horrible gurgling sound. Then nothing. John had been shot in the chest, or the throat, and now there was no more suffering. There would never be any more suffering ever again.
"Sorta, yeah." The taxi Lestrade waved at began to maneuver towards them and slow down. "He's got it in his head that he's going to go over to Harry's one day and see John and talk to him. Give him back some odd knick-knacks he left behind in the flat. A mug. His shaving kit. He wants to be civil and well-behaved and courteous."
John  quickly tucked his gun into his jeans and smoothed his jacket over it.  "But…what does being gay have to do with anything?"
"Your input isn't  necessary, thank you." Mycroft moved with purpose, eyes darting about.  He hesitated only for a moment before zeroing in on the bathroom, then  he moved towards it, John following closely behind. Mycroft went inside,  flicking on the light switch. John was silent as Mycroft worked. He  stood at attention, hands clasped behind his back, awaiting orders. So  long as he was in solider-mode, he couldn't become overwhelmed by either  the elder Holmes or his own warring feelings.
Of course, John rejected his own suspicions. They were  homophobic, he chastised himself. The idea was merely a projection of  his own discomfort, and those feelings would disappear over time as he  adjusted better. So John told himself. Nonetheless, the anxiety  remained.
"Like old times," Donovan eventually said, but without affection. You didn't look back on murders and missing persons with affection.
Sherlock realized he  was still holding out his hand. He looked down at it. He looked at his  fingernails, his feminine fingernails. He let his hand drop to his side.
. So then I remember it a different way after that realization. And...that's the way it really happened. You were kidnapped. You were a hostage. You were a mouthpiece under Moriarty's control. And I know that's what happened. I have two different memories of the same event. And one of those memories is real life. I have a file for that memory. It's neatly alphabetized, along with my cases and my every day life events."
The events needed to play out, now, and they couldn't be interrupted, even though Sherlock wanted his younger self to experience as much aguish and fear as possible. And be acutely alone through it all. But maybe it was just as well that John should see it, too, and see Sherlock's soul bared.
"Well, whatever you want to call it." Harry's voice was sugar and honey. "You wouldn't mind, would you?"
Sherlock looked at his laptop. "I didn't want anyone reading that. I wasn't done writing. It's unfinished. Raw. I didn't have my thoughts in order."
Inside was an empty room, stainless steel counters, a sink, cabinets, a table in the middle of the room, a partially drawn curtain. Again, the lights were off. Just the emergency lights glowing softly.
Sherlock said, "I kept a cardboard box. It was filled with John's things. Things that…they were for John." He took a shaky breath. "After the burial, I knew Harry would come to the flat and go through the box, through John's things, and take them away." He paused, his pale eyes full of infinite, infinite sadness. "
supposed to provide for the child, right? Not the other way around? A child is not a vehicle to…please you. To make you proud. It's not a little John Watson, seeing to your whims."
“That’s good!” Sherlock said encouragingly, feeling his spirits lift. Obviously, with some support, John was able to come to this conclusion on his own without them having to fight about it.
Sherlock said, “Its possible. Schizophrenia manifests in your 30’s. All these visions I have, these elaborate fantasies, could actually be signs of mental illness. Doesn't help me right now."
