John smiles privately and settles his arm back into place.
“What do you want, Sherlock?” John whispers.
When Sherlock opens his eyes he sees John looking up at him with a hunger Sherlock has never fashioned into his fantasies. It is a sparking promise that shifts from pure lust to unwieldy affection.
Still, Sherlock shed the rest of his clothes and stepped gingerly into the shower, turning the water on and standing with his head down under the spray. If the real John had been here he would have insisted the bandaging be removed with a saline solution. John would have had Sherlock stretch out on his stomach in the sitting room as he meticulously loosened and peeled each segment of gauze from Sherlock’s skin. John would have never let Sherlock stand in the stream of the shower. He would have insisted it wasn’t sanitary and he would have been right, and Sherlock would have let him spend far too long fussing about with the proper means of removal. Sherlock would have let out soft noises of discomfort as John worked and John would have traced his fingers over Sherlock’s ribs in apology. Sherlock would have wanted John’s hands to linger, and in his imagination they did.
One of Mycroft’s assistants had sent Sherlock back to Baker Street with a black duffle full of the necessary items for treating his injuries. After Sherlock’s rescue from what Mycroft kept melodramatically referring to as the “dungeon” in Serbia there had been a bumpy ride in the back of an unmarked van and a shock blanket draped around his shoulders. There had been Mycroft’s hand, light and persistent on the back of Sherlock’s neck, gritted back tears and a pill pressed between his cracked lips that brought with it a heavy descent into dark dreamless sleep. There had been doctors speaking a language Sherlock didn’t understand and was too tired to identify, bright lights, blood draws, tests for nerve damage, a psych eval in which Sherlock refused to participate, and 97 stitches for the chasms of open flesh that latticed his back. There had been unnecessarily long medical meetings, including one on the private plane back to London, in which austere men wearing tailored black suits explained in meticulous and maddening detail to Sherlock what the aftercare for his wounds would entail. Two to four weeks until the stitches could come out. Changing the bandages every day for the first three days. Keeping the flesh clean. Applying the prescribed ointments. It was all very simple, and Sherlock hadn’t even pretended to listen as they prattled on about potential infection risks and the necessity of sleeping on his stomach (surely not even the most braindead man would sleep on his back when said back was reduced to a panopticon of sliced open skin). Besides, Sherlock had been under the impression that he lived with a doctor. He hardly thought he needed anyone’s medical advice when he had John.
John’s eyelids flutter shut, and then open again, more hooded than before. He wraps his arms around the small of Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock mewls, a deep rumbling noise erupting from his chest. His erection is slotted right along John’s thigh. Sherlock squirms and thrusts against John. John runs the pad of his thumb over one of Sherlock’s peaked nipples and Sherlock jolts. His nipples have always been overly sensitive, but he’d never known they could feel like this, and at John’s touch he folds forward. Sherlock’s remaining composure shatters into shards of arousal that pierce every part of him. He shudders and deflates, turning himself over to John’s ministrations. The bolt of pleasure has chased all the thoughts from his mind.
“No. After you came, it was, I just needed a little bit of pressure.”
“I could bring you off like this, couldn’t I? Sit here and play with your nipples, let you grind against me until you lose control. I could.”
“Let go, Sherlock,” John says. “You’re right there, let go.” With his free hand, John cradles Sherlock’s jaw, tilts his head up so that all Sherlock can see is John’s face. “God, you’re perfect. Look at you. Just look at you. I love you so much.”
Sherlock hummed in agreement.
Sherlock didn’t like being reminded of how they had passed each other by. He couldn’t explain to himself how in their intense closeness he’d let John slip away. How, through his insolence, he’d destroyed the tenderness and intimacy that thrummed between them. How John was here in front of him, physically closer than ever before, and yet Sherlock still felt like he might disappear, slip through his grasp like smoke, run off to be alone, no matter how sturdy he felt in his arms.
Ms. Hudson crossed the room to wrestle with the street facing window. Her thin arms trembled as she attempted to heft the weight of the frame. Sherlock watched her from a distance, a moue of discomfort twisting on his face. He was fairly certain she had been capable of that before he’d left. He could vaguely remember her opening that same window on the breezy unusually warm day before he had leapt from the roof of Barts. Or perhaps that had been John. He should have paid more attention to those sorts of things.
“John!” Sherlock shouts, and with that, everything in Sherlock’s mind contracts and then expands in a rush of white heat, his release spurting over John’s fist.
Sherlock discovers a sensitive spot on John’s neck, just over his pulse point. Each time Sherlock runs his tongue over it John’s breathing falters and he arches his neck a bit more.
“Hi,” John says, as Sherlock blinks him blearily into focus. “You were gone for a minute there.”
A wooden creak comes from upstairs, disrupting Sherlock’s concentration.
John is beginning to pull away when Sherlock forces out his answer.
Sherlock must take too long to come up with an answer, because the door bursts open and bounces off of his shin. Sherlock looks up with bleary eyes at the sleep softened John standing in the doorway. Water has begun to cascade from the edge of the sink, the tap still streaming, a puddle forming around Sherlock’s feet.
Sherlock turns away from the toilet to face him. The nausea has passed, and John’s wide olive eyes are staring at him, full of some emotion that Sherlock can’t parse. John lifts the washcloth to Sherlock’s face and wipes the dried blood from his chin and lips.
“You’re getting your pants all wet,” Sherlock says, voice coming out thick, his nose stuffy.
“Yes,” John says, gripping Sherlock’s arms and jostling him backwards towards the couch.
“I said I’m fine!”
“Because I’m trying to be considerate.”
“I usually am.” Sherlock stumbles backwards towards the chair, pulling at John’s arm. He wants John to sit down first, wants to slide into his lap like he had imagined.
A deduction wavers across Sherlock’s mind. A small part of John probably thinks Sherlock is shooting up in here. Stopping his entry now will be nearly impossible. Sherlock fumbles forward for his discarded t-shirt and pulls it back over his head, concealing the scars that stretch across his back.
“Please. Don’t do that. What are we doing?” A bubble of adrenaline threatens to burst in Sherlock’s stomach. In his fantasies it is always John who sweeps him off of his feet, who crashes through the careful distance they maintain, who presses Sherlock against the nearest flat surface in a post case rush. And yet every time they seem to be hurtling towards something one of them slams the eject button.
“Not yet. What happens when you meet someone? What happens when I go into one of my moods, or-” Sherlock’s voice is rising into a pained pitch.
Sherlock stood there under the barrage of water staring at his feet thinking of this until the bandages slid away into the basin of the tub, and then he stood there even longer, letting the water batter down against his back. He did not let himself think of how the real John had chosen to ride away in a taxi rather than come back to Baker Street with him. He did not think of the furious hurt that had shuttered John’s eyes. He especially did not think of the blonde woman John had been out to dinner with. He fixed his eyes on the tile, focused on a grout line until it went blurry, and thought of nothing but how John’s warm and capable hands might feel smoothing over his skin.
“No, I need to say this.” John steels himself. “I need to. I’ve wanted to.” He speaks quickly and steadily. “After I got my own place I started dreaming about Baker Street. Mostly about you playing the violin. Those dreams were nice. But waking to a quiet flat after them was almost as hard as waking up from the nightmares. I thought moving in with Mary would make things better.” John shakes his head and lets out a derisive laugh, rubbing at his face with the heel of his hand. “It made it worse. It made it so much fucking worse.”
Sherlock shakes his head slightly before lurching forward and vomiting in the toilet.
“Oh,” John breathes out. “Alright then. We’ll definitely have to unpack that one. That’s - Jesus Sherlock.” John dips his fingers under Sherlock’s waistline and tugs his pajamas and pants down his thighs in one fell swoop. Sherlock’s cock bobs in between their bodies, precum beading at the head.
“While you were away.” John inhales sharply. “Jesus, Sherlock, when you got back I- I punched you. I pushed you down. Were these still healing then?” John shakes his head. “No. That doesn’t even matter. I can’t believe I-” John pulls his hand away reflexively, as if Sherlock’s skin has burned him.
John can’t see me like this, he thinks, and then says it out loud a few times for good measure, voice hoarse and hushed.
John’s intake of breath is almost inaudible. It takes him a minute to say anything, the time stretching slow and sticky.
“You’ve got nearly three hours then. Come on, we can kip for a bit and then I’ll make us breakfast.”
“Someone did this to you.”
Sherlock drifts into sleep with the steady thrum of John’s heartbeat beneath his ear.
John rises to his feet, and Sherlock hears him turn the faucet off. When John returns it is with a wet washcloth.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said quietly, almost whispering. “I messed it all up.”
“Well, that’s not entirely fair. Where else am I supposed to keep them?”
“Tea. I think - peppermint.”
“I’m home,” he said again. He had been waiting for this moment. He had even found himself fashioning crude approximations of prayers for it at the tail end of his time away, reverently repeating his address in his mind as he languished in the stinking air of the Serbian prison cell, all mixed up with John’s phone number, Lestrade’s badge number, the chain of license plates he last saw before he was interred underground. He had tapped these strings of memory into the concrete floor with morse code, drummed them against the back of his teeth with his tongue, sometimes even dared to murmur them out loud, anchoring himself to the promise of something beyond the faceless men who competed to drive the loudest exhalations of distress from him.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John says, immediately dropping to his knees next to him, right into the puddle.
“Sherlock?” The voice is closer this time. John is coming down the hall towards Sherlock’s room. Heavy footfalls pause outside of the bathroom door. John has heard the faucet. Sherlock tries to deduce what John will do next, but it’s like grasping at smoke. Frustrated, he buries his face against his folded knees.
John reached up to cradle the back of Sherlock’s head, his hand tangling in Sherlock’s curls. Gently, he pulled down, bringing Sherlock’s face level with his own. “Is this alright?” he asked in a whisper.
John has good reason to be confused. Ever since John moved back in, Sherlock has tried his best to be more conscientious, terrified of giving John any reason to leave. This means no more experiments at odd hours, no more screeching angry violin (although John enjoys falling asleep to Sherlock’s more soothing original compositions), and no more body parts in the freezer, among many other things.
Sherlock can’t bring himself to respond. He ducks into the bathroom through the door by his bed. He is beyond words now. The thought of John seeing him in this state has tightened his already frayed nerves, given him something new to worry about, stacked on top of the horrible dream he has just woken from. In the bathroom Sherlock braces himself against the sink, bowing his head so that he does not have to look at himself in the mirror. His back pulsates, as if the scars from Serbia have come alive under his skin, writhing like red hot snakes. His white cotton shirt chafes against the dense fibrous wounds, and all of a sudden the sensation is too much. Ripping the shirt off over his head, Sherlock throws it aside, next to the trash bin. It is a feeling reminiscent of when he was detoxing, thrashing in a small twin bed, sweating through his clothes, fighting off the imagined sensation of bugs crawling all over him.
Sherlock turns this over in his mind. “You didn’t know. I was never angry about that.”
Sherlock isn’t sure how long they sit there, but eventually the tea kettle begins to whistle.
“You too. Tell me one too,” Sherlock whines.
“I saw a movie where someone did that once too,” John said, cheeks flushing red. “Can I show you what they did next?”
John’s hand meets Sherlock’s skin in a feathering glance. His fingertips graze over the ridge of the largest scar that runs parallel to Sherlock’s spine. Sherlock shivers, his shoulders shuddering in one exaggerated movement.
“That’s rare for a man of your age.”
“John, please.”
“No,” he mutters into the silence of his room, his voice cracking. He drags his hands over his silky sheets, grips his comforter, presses his toes into the give of the mattress. Through his bedroom window, diffused by white curtains, glows the familiar orange street lamp that has been there since the day he moved in. He focuses on it, and then reminds himself to breathe. “Not in Serbia,” he whispers into the darkness. The words rattle out of him and dissipate in the cold air. Sitting up slowly with just his stomach muscles, he reaches out, searching for his bedside lamp. In his disorientation, he knocks a glass beaker from his end table. The beaker shatters on the hardwood floor just as the room floods with light.
Fuck, Sherlock thinks. Of course the beaker shattering would have woken John. Pushing the blankets aside into a rumpled pile, Sherlock rises, his heartbeat accelerating again.
Gratefully, Sherlock drapes the blanket around his shoulders and settles back into the couch, still trembling.
“Right,” John says. Then, more hurriedly. “Right. Ms. Hudson.” John pulls his forehead away from Sherlock’s back, their skin sticking together briefly, and then rises from the couch. He strides into the kitchen and the whistling ceases.
Sherlock wavers back into awareness, processing John’s words. We’ll have to try that sometime. John wants to do this more than just tonight. He wants to do this again. Sherlock grapples with the implication, and it twists him away from his arousal. He loses his grip on the warm tendrils furling through his abdomen, falls into the analytical mindset he so often dwells in. When will John want this again? How many times? Why? Will John feel the same way tomorrow morning? Was he planning this when he went and brushed his teeth? Would John let Sherlock sleep in his bed tonight? Or tomorrow? Sherlock has no idea how he’s meant to act beyond this moment. Will John want him to pretend this never happened? Or will Sherlock be permitted to touch at his own will from now on?
“Yes you do,” John says, but his hand is back in Sherlock’s hair, not smoothing anything now, but simply carding through, blunt fingernails trailing against Sherlock’s scalp. “I’ve always been bloody jealous of your hair.”
“Come up to bed?” John asks.
John snorted and shook his head, a smile shining behind his red-rimmed eyes. “Yeah. I guess I’m not either.” He flattened his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, fingers splayed and kneading into tense muscles.
“Me too?” John licks his palm and then begins to stroke Sherlock’s cock. The contact pushes Sherlock past the edge of coherency. “I’d like to get two fingers inside of you. I wouldn’t touch your cock until you were squirming and begging for it,” John says. He slips his index finger across the head of Sherlock’s cock, and lifts a bead of precum to his lips.
“I think a severed head next to my frozen peas qualifies as a nightmare.”
Sherlock’s breath is lodged in his throat. He had known his time away was hard on John, had experienced how furious John was at him upon his return from the dead, but they have never talked about it like this.
From next to him, John admonishes “Sherlock…”
Timidly smiling, “I… hope to have one… in the near future.” Slowly reaching a slightly trembling hand out to place it on John’s knee.
She stops beside the desk, profile to the window, eyes on the floor, submissive. “Sir, the files from the latest sales.” She hands them over, withholding one file.
Long Live the King
I sit in the offered chair, Sherlock leans against the back to my right. It doesn’t take too long to tell my tale. To their credit both men cringe when I get to where Carlyle dislocates my shoulder. Sherlock gives a gentle squeeze to my right shoulder when I mention passing out and waking up in hospital. Greg blanches but keeps writing.
I give Sherlock a quick peck on the lips “Good morning love.” I give Rosie a kiss on her curls “Morning babe.”
Sherlock grabs his pyjamas and a tan dressing gown out of his wardrobe. He starts to walk out of the room, “Just give a shout if you need anything, I’ll be on the couch.”
“I thought I lost you a few times too, I don’t want to have to go through that again anytime soon either. When Carruthers stabbed you… it was all I could do not to break his neck. I never want to spend another winter solstice in hospital again.”
There is a large green plastic tank on a small flattened area, there is a building behind it. “What’s the building behind?” asks Sherlock.
Sherlock smirks “Of course Doctor Watson.”
The two men are facing one another on the bed in the darkened bedroom, Sherlock is lying on his side, John on his stomach. It’s quiet down here, the small bedroom faces the courtyard and alley to the rear of the building. The sounds of traffic going by on Baker Street is muffled almost to the point of nonexistence. The main noise they do overhear are the breathy snores of their landlady in the next room through the old walls. The little light coming through the curtained window is further blocked by a dormant apple tree in the garden plot out the back door.
Frowning, “I, I don’t understand… Rosie’s friend was right. Why is she so upset?”
Sherlock slowly draws out and back in again. He adjusts his position slightly between one thrust and the next. Stars explode, fireworks! “God! Fuck again! Just there!” I cry out. Sherlock stays at that angle hitting my prostate more often than he misses.
“This is soft, softer than my old one. Warm too. Thank you.”
Sherlock walks in from the hallway, “Ah Lestrade. Did you find anything new?” Interrupting John before he can speak.
There, it is done, repercussions to come I am sure…
“So… I always wondered how you two met.” Greg wonders.
He’s not sure what wakes him at first. He’s exhausted and just wants to go back to sleep. It reeks of dog, he’s no longer sure if the scent comes from himself or the warm body next to him or the old mattress the two are sleeping on. Ah, his bunkmate is dreaming, that’s what woke him. According to the tag on the collar around the dogs neck, his name is Siri. A twitching paw grazes his ankle above the metal shackles, he listens as Siri whines then growls as he dreams. The dog continues to dream as he watches, his own eyes barely slits. No need to alert their handler he’s awake, he’s learned how to fake being asleep. The dog wakes enough to roll over, it’s back to his now. The extra warmth feels good against his naked body, he can feel the muscles in his lower back relax with the heat.
She takes a large sip of water draining about a third of the glass. “I guess I should add some background to this so I don’t sound so petty. Most of my youth was spent in the company of family. My aunt Myra and uncle Bob on my dad’s side share a vacation home with us. We spent many weekends, holidays and summers happily together. We’ve gone on trips around the country and even traveled abroad together over the years. My aunt turned 94 this year in March.”
Noises from upstairs alert them Rosie is awake. John groans, leaning his throbbing head onto Sherlock’s chest.
He looks me in the eyes again. “Yes John, I am certain. I’ve never been more positive in my life!”
“Harriet did say it was payback for all the hell you put her through when she dropped it off with Rosie’s present.” Sherlock smirks.
“Angelo was generous with the portions and would only send John’s favorites when he found out who the order was for.” Mycroft adds handing over a fork and napkin from the bag.
“Are you insane? You can’t buy him! You’re just supposed to be here to observe.” Taking a calming breath, “Mycroft is going to kill me.” Lestrade hisses out looking at the remaining crowd.
Sherlock dangles a set of keys from his right index finger. “Not to worry, he’s not driving anywhere.” Takes a glance at the shocked look on John and Greg’s faces. “He was being annoying while you were in the shower John.” Sherlock complains, John just laughs.
Doctor Barnes snaps her gaze to Mycroft, “Doctor Mark Jacobs? How did you convince him to come here?”
We have been eating scrambled eggs and toast for breakfast for a week, prepared by Sherlock. Sherlock also picked up on how I prefer my toasted cheese sandwich browned at lunch after the first day. Mrs. Hudson brought (well, had Sherlock schlep) a huge pot of chicken soup up the afternoon we came home from hospital. It was a bit of a welcome surprise this morning, to be woken by the smell of bacon frying while still having a warm body spooning me. Knowing the body behind me was Sherlock’s, I was wondering who Mrs. Hudson was talking to. I could clearly hear a male voice drifting down the hall with hers along with Rosie’s babbling.
John steps over to the new, larger, refrigerator and opens the door. Milk, vegetables, sliced meats, beer (his brand); no body parts in sight, sparkling clean.
Too early in the morning, John and Sherlock wake to the sounds of thumping footsteps, loud coughing, and then multiple cupboard doors slamming in the kitchen. Next the fall of heavy footsteps down the hall and several booming knocks on their bedroom door. “Guys, you awake?” Lestrade calls out.
I pull out and off with an audible ‘pop’. “Ok love, hold on. I’ve got you.” I crawl up his body and brush our lips together. “Mine, mine, mine” I repeat making him smile…
From the bed John grunts then mumbles, “Headache. Out of paracetamol. Sherlock took Rosie to pick up some.” Rubbing his scalp, eyes closed, rolling onto his back. “Case?”
Chapter 1 – Get Me to the Church on Time
Sherlock is confused, usually he’s urged to eat more. “John?”
Sherlock moves faster than I would have thought “Yes sir, right away sir!” Taking the tip of my cock in his mouth and gives a hard suck. He knows I love that manoeuvre. Sherlock swallows me down, curling his tongue around my hard shaft. Damn, he fantastic at this “Good boy, you are so good at swallowing me down. Damn you’re so pretty with my cock in your gorgeous mouth.”
Sally Donovan is once again manning the yellow crime scene tape, standing near Lestrade. Sherlock greets her with smile and a friendly “Hello Sally”.
Molly unzips the bag on the table, “Meet Thaddeus Knox, 48. Other than missing his head he’s was in excellent shape, nothing in the toxin screen. From what I can see, losing his head is what killed him. There was no trace under his fingernails. I found rust in the wound and a few fibres on his clothes, I have the results in the folder, here.” She passes the file over the body to Sherlock.
Smiling, “sounds good, which one of these is it?” running his finger down the menu.
4.	505 Fire (Solano Co)
Hissing as Mike starts to clean his wounds, John slowly explains, slurring here and there, “I was late for work and forgot to grab my wallet. We were slammed, and another doctor called in sick so I volunteered to work a double shift. Two officers picked me up three doors from the building where I live after curfew. The one, Sanders, I think would have gone to verify my information but the other, Donovan, she wouldn’t hear of it.”
Sherlock nods “We might take a few days before heading back to London. The return tickets have open dates. We’re in no hurry. Mycroft will more than likely have a fit if we take more time.”
“Kevin took Joe to lunch to check him out then invited him up to the ranch. Kevin offered Joe the two room place by the pond but Joe preferred the A-frame near the water tank.”
“Why not?” incredulous, “I’ve beat the crap out of you on more than one occasion!” irritated, but still in control.
Oh, how I wish he were serious with that offer!
I regain consciousness slowly, my head and shoulders ache. I’m handcuffed and am hung by them from a chain hooked in the ceiling. The room is cool and I find that am stripped down to my pants. No blindfold, chances are I’m not getting out of here alive. “Shit” is all I can think of to say at the moment.
“Thanks Mike.” As Doctor Stamford walks out, John looks at Sherlock with one eye and pats the bed next to him, “Sherlock, you look exhausted. Lay next to me and try to get some sleep.” Yawns.
John looks at Greg “You know, with my contract I have the right to prevent certain hostile personnel at crime scenes I’m working at. I’m seriously considering it!” he snarls the last part, toward Donovan.
“AT HIS REQUEST!” John furiously roars, hands in the air, stepping away from his chair. Sherlock flinches, his parents are surprised by the outburst. “I would have gladly bonded with Sherlock but he didn’t want me to.”
As he’s working I get a thought “Jorge? Was the purple shirt Sherlock wore today made here?”
Lestrade looks closer at the blanket “Good job, didn’t know he had it in him.” He then watches John as he sleeps. John seems rather restless to Greg, furrowed brow, a curled lip, hands fisting and relaxing, and uttering low moans on and off.
“John is a former soldier and my brother, Sherlock, might be a bit sharp upon a sudden waking. Allow me.” Mycroft informs Doctor Jacobs.
The cases have not been as intense, physically, as those in the earlier months of the year. No one has tried to kill or maim either man for the past month. John and Sherlock both have enjoyed the change in the criminal element. Sherlock was pleased they had been more intellectually challenging, not on par with Moriarty (thankfully!), but good enough. John was delighted they hadn’t been physically attacked for a while; gives him a chance to properly mend.
I head back to the lounge with my cooling tea and an icepack. I’m mortified for having hit Sherlock so hard with the crop. Fuck, between pain and guilt I can’t relax. I hear an odd noise from the bathroom… and again.
“We’re building a snowman Bee.” Her Papa Sherlock answers patting handfuls of snow together into a large ball for the base of the body.
[John POV]
At the back row of chairs Molly clicks on a CD player, it starts to play a violin duet of the wedding march. Our guests stand as Molly slowly walks down the aisle in a lavender dress. I glance at Mycroft then turn to watch Sherlock follow Molly toward me. I can’t help the grin on my face, or I believe can Sherlock the one on his. I vaguely hear the click of a couple cameras.
“Try anyway, he’s your friend.” Sherlock adds a bit quiet.
The Personal Blog of
Greg sputters out “No, no, I just dropped by to check in on you two, see how you were getting along after the attack.”
Sherlock shows me the texts “Mycroft will have everything ready by tomorrow most likely if not sooner.”
When we’re all seated and the champagne and wine classes refilled the wait staff start to bring out the feast. Angelo and his wife together created a traditional Italian Wedding Soup. The soup course was followed by a delicious Caesar salad. We all had a choice of a combination of Sherlock and my favourites, vegetable risotto, mushroom ravioli and/or veal scaloppini for our main dish.
1-2 bay leaves
“Good, good.” Taking another sip of his sweetened tea. “That reminds me, you being away. Is that where the marks on your back come from? I spotted them yesterday when I, um…” Greg stammers to a halt turning pink.
A nurse is taking John’s blood pressure and temperature. The Doctor looks up “That all he says?” he asks.
John looks to them, then Sherlock confused, “Sherlock, care to explain?”
Greg looks around at the clean and shiny surfaces, “Haven’t seen the place this clean since Mycroft had the place disinfected while John was in hospital.”
“What was the rank you attained while in the RAMC?” Daggett probes.
John squints open his left eye and gently squeezes Sherlock’s hand holding his. The nurse finally comes in, “Oh, Mr. Watson you’re awake. Let me go page the Doctor.” Before either can say anything she’s gone.
“Oh for God sake! Right, I can give you a ride.” Glancing over at the frown Sherlock is sporting “I drove my car, not a panda. Wait here, I’ll bring it around closer.” Lestrade quickly walks off toward the main street.
“Yeah, you’re right, that and an ice pack will do me some good. We can write up our lists as well.” He pays for lunch, leaving a generous tip for the waitress. We slowly wander toward the Clarence Gate to get to back home.
John and Sherlock don’t hear the knock on the door downstairs or the quick conversation between Mrs. Hudson and a man’s deep voice. They hadn’t bothered to close the door into the flat when they got back as it was warm and the open window in the stairwell allowed a cooling breeze to flow through. The footsteps on the stairs were drowned out by heavy breathing, increased heart rates and moaning.
I gratefully relinquish my captive to NSY. As I stand up I realize I am a bit light headed and slide down the wall across from where we were struggling. Sherlock is instantly at my side “John! Are you alright?”
“Doctor Watson I have an inkling you might just have an idea.” Sherlock groans back at me, he lifts my chin to give me a kiss on the lips. We start off simple and sweet but things quickly heat up as we start unbuttoning one another’s clothes.
Alana stopped, trembling while awaiting further orders, she quietly closes the door after her retreat.
He whispers back “Later Doctor Watson, we have an audience” then brings our lips together again. I can’t help but deepen the kiss running my fingers through his hair. I feel like a hormonal teen again!
‘I’ve Got My Love To Keep Me Warm’ by Dean Martin was coming through the speakers on the stereo. Outside, snowflakes were gently drifting down the windows, framing the sparkling tree between them. The pile of presents below the decorated tree were reflecting the multi-coloured twinkling lights.
“Right” Sherlock states sitting next to the tea tray on the coffee table and ringing his brother.
Yesterday I visited a certain Consulting Detective at Baker Street and we talked about the possibility of my moving back in. Sherlock rushed to help me pack up mine and my daughters belongings and even drove the moving lorry!
“See babe, electricity to order. Don’t worry, what’s the next photo?” I feel him relax again under my hand. Rosie is just about asleep in my lap.
“Morning gents! Missy and I were just finishing up breakfast. She insisted upon banana pancakes with sausages this morning.” Smiling, still bouncing Rosie.
“But why twice? Surely once was enough to bring him down? I don’t understand why you had to shoot him the second time Sherlock?” Greg is exasperated himself.
“Rosie wanted a plush chair for her room, we can move the one by the sofa up and put the desk chair in its place.”
“I… I’m not exactly sure why I reacted the way I did earlier, when I came back… I was so upset and relieved, and then angry.” Waving his hands about.
Sherlock has Rosie in a harness strapped to his chest. He smiles at Mrs. H “See, all set then. We’ll be back then head out to dinner together around half six.” Sherlock gives her a quick half hug and a peck on the cheek then heads for the door, I follow him out. He hails a cab seemingly out of thin air and we head off.
To his credit Jorge only pales a bit “I will do my best Mr. Holmes, it is a tall order. It usually takes weeks to sew a custom suit.”
“Why a bell?” Sherlock frowns.
John decides to clear Donovan’s confusion, he comes to attention and continues in his Captains Voice, while staring her down. “I’ve been hired by St. Bart’s. Part of my duties is to take over the contract Doctor Quincy has with the MET as a medical consultant, a paid consultant along with my assistant Sherlock Holmes (patting Sherlock’s forearm). We will start officially covering in January but, while Doctor Quincy is currently on vacation I, no make that we, are on duty. I have the right to refuse to work with certain officers I find hostile to my assistant and myself. Something you should well remember Sargent Donovan.”
Just after Molly sits down in relief Sherlock’s parents approach us and hand over a thick envelope. “Open it” Siger says as we look at it in confusion. It’s the deed to the property in Sussex that Sherlock mentioned the other day. There is a picture of a quaint stone, two storey farm house with a large garden between Brighton and Eastbourne along with a set of keys. I’m flabbergasted, the only thing I can think of is to give them each a hug in thanks.
It takes a lot to realize one might be in over one’s head. It takes a strong person to ask for the help when in need. My friends have helped where they could, but I can’t expect them to drop everything in their lives for me all the time. Managing a house, work and a baby are more than I can cope with on my own. I need help, I can’t do everything by myself. Lord knows I’ve tried my best these past few months since Mary was taken away.
I direct Sherlock to the first car, the driver opens the rear door to reveal another bottle of champagne in a bucket of ice. Last thing we need is more alcohol tonight. Sherlock and I kiss the short drive back to Baker Street, I grab the bottle of champagne as the driver opens the door. I thank him quickly as Sherlock fumbles to open the front door.
Doctor mode kicks in, “Molly will have to give us a warning so we can shower and, ah, prepare ourselves.” Going over to the desk for a pad of paper and a pen to take notes. “First off, we’ll have to be tested for STD’s, don’t want to make any mistakes.”
“Yeah. Did I ever thank you properly for introducing us?”
“Really?” sounding rather unconvinced.
Smiling, “Really? Thanks guys!”
“Yes sir” he starts scrubbing again.
John giggling a moment before being thoughtful. “Yeah, I’ll need to hire a truck to move Rosie’s stuff. I don’t have much.”
I give him a chaste kiss on the lips, pulling away with a smile, “I love you, you silly man.”
Greg is taking a shower; Rosie is watching Planet Earth on his telly. I’m filing Greg’s kettle to make a cup of tea when I get a text from Sherlock.
Looking up, “You were sleeping. Mike came in, checked you over. We discussed lunch options. Nurse Levi came in, gave you a shot and put cream on your stitches.” Sherlock went back to reading.
“I am so sorry for how I treated you after she died. You didn’t shoot her, it was not your fault. I know that, I had no right to drive you away. I was so angry at everything and everyone. Am I so afraid of my feelings for you that I lash out? I had no right to hit you. I had no reason to doubt your suspicion of Culverton Smith. I should never have doubted your abilities to spot a serial killer. I know you better than that. It was agonizing watching you try and kill yourself with drugs but I was in a bad place myself. No excuses, I do not deserve you. I can’t believe how close my idiocy came to killing us both.
“Yeah, well part of it is was a diet change. After I left hospital in January I had issues with red meat, we’ve gone mostly vegetarian since then.”
John groans, moves his arm to squint at Sherlock, “Ta” patting the bed next to him. “Come sit with me.”
“Doesn’t look like we’ll need much in the way of food while we’re there. Have to pick Rosie up a few things though. I’ll double check Costco, they might have baby food along with the bulk nappies we’ll need to grab.”
“Still thinking about us?” Yawning again, curling around Sherlock.
I glare him in the eyes “Greg I am a retired Army Captain, it will come out occasionally! Now are you going to take my statement or not?” I charge. Out of the corner of my eye I see Sherlock wince again; military kink 1, Sherlock 0.
“No it’s not Sherlock! There’s no time, it took Mary months to plan our wedding… what about flowers, the photographer and what about music? Oh fuck, I’m going to have to dance again aren’t I?” I can’t move. I can’t breathe. I’m sweating and it feels like bands are constricting my chest.
John raises an eyebrow at Sherlock clearly asking ‘what’s up?’
“Is there no way to get enough proof to remove Kim from the house and free my aunt from her tormenter?” Miss Ouellette is on the verge of tears.
“Interesting. So, you and your brothers do what exactly? Travel around the globe and collect items for this Japanese fellow.” Sherlock continues in a bored tone.
I point a finger at Kevin fuming “You will treat Sherlock with respect, he’s been nothing but polite to you. If you keep this up I’ll let him deduce the hell out of you!” I turn to look at Sherlock, I take his hand. “I need to take a walk, I’m going to start walking back up the hill. Pick me up on your way by. Give me fifteen minutes to calm down please.” I squeeze his hand. Raise it to my lips, kissing the ring. Then walk away, fuming.
From the kitchen Sherlock hears a simultaneous feral growl and a yelp in surprise. Running into the lounge he sees John kneeling, straddled, over a prone Lestrade with both of his hands squeezed tightly around Greg’s throat. “Fuck” Thinking quickly, Sherlock shouts out “Captain Watson!” even louder “At ease Captain!” once more, a bit more desperate “Stand down Captain, now!”
“Jesus.” I swear.
John has no chance to do anything before the booted 6 foot 4 inch tall gorilla, known as Robert King, kicks the side of his right knee knocking him to the ground. John cannot help the gasp of pain he makes, he is not sure if his knee is broken, dislocated or just badly bruised. None of the options are any good.
Sherlock snorts derisively as Mycroft stares her down. “My brother will not be leaving, arrangements have been made. I will come and go as needs be.” He addresses Sherlock while handing over the bag, “Mrs. Hudson was kind enough to put together some more clean clothes for you and added pajamas for John. I believe she included something to eat as well this time.”
“Nothing, just happy” and take a sip of my lager. Time to change the subject “So, tomorrow then. Sherlock has Molly as his Best Girl, says he has a ‘special assignment’ for her so you get to hold both rings.”
After kissing her cheek in greeting “Did you see when John came home?” Sherlock wonders.
“Please don’t contact us.” Sherlock drawls. “Go and search for your arsonist.” Pointing at the smoke still billowing up in the distance.
3.	Spanking
“I was curious about your nickname, ‘Three Continents Watson’. I’ve only had two lovers counting you.” He quietly confesses.
John frowning, “Really? He wants me? Why?” confused.
“What do you want Greg?” John moans back. Sherlock groans behind him, somehow spooning closer.
We are greeted by a wonderful sweet spicy aroma when we open the door to Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson has been baking. Before we make the first step she opens the door to her flat and emerges. “Oh boys, I’m so glad you’re home. I’m afraid I have baked more than I can manage again.” She pauses and looks at all of our parcels. “Someone has been shopping!”
John chokes out “That was the combination you used on the plane... and Smith… I almost lost you again then… I couldn’t… I don’t…” Looking lost, pale.
“Watson!”
Stephon steps back and turns toward the back corner of the shop. He moves behind the counter and opens a display bringing out a tray of rings. “These are all the titanium we have in stock, if there is something special you want I am certain we can locate it for you.” He waves his hand over quite an extensive assortment of rings.
From the floor in the lounge, Sherlock and John hear the kettle beep, Greg cough, and water pouring. Greg’s still somewhat raspy voice calls out “I’ll just make the tea then, you two relax.”
“What do you need John?”
I close the ledger and turn in his arms. “I knew you had money but I didn’t think it would be quite this much.” Patting the ledger against his arm. “I was worried we might go broke next month.” I hold him tight, and whisper into his neck “We could travel from house to house to house…” I’m a bit dizzy with the thought.
“All right, calm down.” John kneels down to her level as Sherlock squats down next to him. “I don’t want you to be disappointed if our snowman doesn’t come to life.” Daddy John calmly starts.
Shrugging a shoulder, “Truthfully? I’m not sure… As for owing me, don’t worry about it. The money I spent on you came from my brother. I was working undercover for him when I purchased you. Mycroft suspected there are people who have never been arrested before and others kidnapped off the street being sold into slavery without due process. He was correct apparently. Mycroft means to put an end to the three strikes law and eventually slavery, this is the first step.”
“I don’t know what you’re complaining about John, they didn’t exactly have an elf costume in my size!”
Sherlock finally looks up at John, “Yes.” Defeated.
“So… you (cough) don’t mind then?” John questions nervously. Giving Sherlock’s hand a gentle squeeze, receiving one in return.
“Mmm” we pull one another closer somehow and fall asleep.
“Why put it on the list then? You shouldn’t have anything there you are not comfortable with.”
At the next crossroads there is a subdued “Keep right, we’ll go back the lower road” from the back. There is barely any commentary on the way back toward the house. The only comment is at one crossroads “If you go up this road there is an old orchard. The only trees left are a pear and a fig tree. There should be some fruit on them. Feel free to raid while I’m gone.”
I’m not really sure what Sherlock was looking for but we spent most of the day driving up and down the coast. Not that I’m complaining mind, it was a lovely, warm, sunny day. It is just a bit disconcerting watching Sherlock meander with seemingly no clear destination in mind. It was pleasant when we had a small picnic on the beach though, complete with a blanket supplied from the B & B to keep us out of the sand.
“Too bad for them. I remember everything in detail up until it all went black when I was blindsided. Their lawyer is aware that I had defensive wounds? My blood and hair on their clothing. Not to mention they had me tied up and transferred to another location. It’s all in the police report for their arrest.” John grumbles back.
He was tired, exhausted. It had been a long taxing day at the clinic. All he wanted to do was go home and relax, maybe have a nice cup of tea or two. His leg had been aching most of the day as well. It hadn’t had a twinge for several months and it was rather annoying having it back now.
Marching out into the crisp fall air John hears footsteps behind him. Turning to speak to the man behind him, he timidly asks, “Sherlock, can I come back home to Baker Street? Please?”
He points to the door furthest from the woodstove “I have a bed in there, I sleep up here every so often. I was up here while we were emailing a couple weeks ago. Try to avoid the place, if I read my emails I have a tendency to accept assignments. Hence the necessity of you two being here. The middle room holds the gun safes, video and reading libraries and the room by the porch has Diana’s dog grooming and show gear.”
“Thank you, don’t worry about it. Family should come first. That’s actually why I’m here.” Big sigh, “Family.”
Pointing at the man prone at his feet, then John, Sherlock demands, “Ignore him attend to John!”
I walk down the hall from the kitchen where I was about to start breakfast. I knock on the closed door to the loo, “Sherlock you alright?”
Then Sherlock closes the door, quietly. “I don’t want to wake him yet.”
Our suspect is losing ground as his snow mobile seems to be sputtering as if it were running out of gas.
The mysterious stranger raises the knife and lunges toward the bed as John forces himself to roll to the far side. John’s not sure whose curse is louder as he gains his feet and grabs the dressing gown he wore earlier off the end of the bed. Wrapping the housecoat around his left arm as protection from the knife. With a shout, John launches himself at the man who stabbed the mattress where he was just lying.
“I can’t hear you clearly Sherlock. The doors not locked, come on in.” John calls back.
“When did you get so wise Doc?” Kevin jokes
Today we decided to pack a picnic and head off to the lighthouse near Point Arena. The website looked interesting and Rosie can see some sea lions again. We were not looking forward to driving the county road again but found it was in better condition on that side (but not by much). The views were beautiful on the drive down to the coast. When we arrived, Sherlock spent a goodly amount of time studying the marine mammal skulls in the museum. Rosie and I (well, me) had fun reading out loud to Sherlock the information on their touchscreen display about the whales and other native sea creatures. Rosie was excited to hear the different sounds of the whales and dolphins. We found a lovely tea pot in their gift store of all places, now to get it home in one piece. And before you ask, yes, we did walk up the 145 steps to the top of the lighthouse and see the view, along with a walk along the cliffs.
“Fantastic idea John! I’ll send him a text, remind him about your two years and Mary while I’m at it.” The smirk he is wearing is exceptionally wicked.
I braced myself just in time as we took a corner too fast, one rail rising off the ground before thumping back to the snow-covered ground. I’m not sure where Sherlock acquired the horse drawn sleigh but, here we are, rushing over fields of snow in pursuit of our suspect. I can’t help but laugh, thrilling at the adrenaline rushing through my system.
“In about half an hour. I gave them your phone number John to text when they near so you can meet them at the gate.”
Tilting his head, “Why the camera? Oh! You need to prove to your benefactor you do indeed have a werewolf. You need to film my transformation. Interesting, very interesting.” Smiling.
Confused, “Why ever not John? The money in the account is as much yours as it is mine. As my partner you are entitled to half after all.”
“After you came back I was a right bastard. I was so happy you were alive but so angry that you lied to me and led me to believe you had killed yourself. I feel horrible knowing I knocked you onto your healing scars. By this time I had met Mary, it was a whirlwind thing that really should not have lasted as long as it did. I just got swept along. She was tenacious and never let go, changing the subject when I started to talk to her about ending it. Nothing compares to you; it wasn’t fair to marry her when I loved you more.  It really hit home at the wedding reception during your best-man speech. You did care for me, I was just too blind to see before it was too late.”
“You do? Is it Sarah? I thought she understood I was happily married to you…”
“I, I’m sorry?” Kevin stammers, frightened.
“Yes, there were two assailants, we caught them both.” Reassuring. “Greg wouldn’t let me hurt them.” Pouting.
Looking down in surprise, “Do you want me to change? I will if you want me to, no problem.”
“Yeah, I’ll text her. Start the kettle, I’ll ready the pot.”
Coming closer Mike looks, “Yep, infection. Damn. Okay, I’ll prescribe an antibiotic and some cream before I go.” He pulls up John’s file on the computer on the wall, types in a few lines. “I’ll just get the duty Nurse on this, then head out to lunch. I’ll be back with food and hot coffees.” On his way out the door.
John can’t help but smile at the motherly way she’s treating Sherlock. He thanks her for the plate of what looks like chicken stew placed in front of him before asking, “So Sherlock, what is it that you do? Do you work for the government too?” before taking a bite.
They had even discussed when and where they wanted to retire. Tending bees on a farm in Sussex near the ocean is sounding better and better every passing minute to John as he wears a path in the linoleum in the too bright waiting room.
“And now, the bank contacted us the other day. Apparently Kim had an epic fit, yelling and swearing at my aunt at the teller window. Kim was trying to take out £80,000 to ‘renovate the kitchen’ they were told. Thankfully the accounts in that bank are part of the trust and needs a second signature from a trustee for access! For that kind of money they could renovate my aunt’s entire home.
I catch the flannel he threw, tossing it into the sink before rubbing between his shoulder blades again. Hardly any bile comes up. “Better?” I ask. If looks could kill I’d be dead from the one Sherlock aims at me.
“Precisely. The flat is ours again.” Sighing contentedly.
“Goodnight” Sherlock and I both reply.
“Must we do this John?” Sherlock moans.
“What?!?” Kevin exclaims.
John and Sherlock smile at one another. Sherlock then heads up the stairs as John goes out to the lorry for a load.
“Oh hi, glad you could make it in. How’s the shoulder John?” Sherlock hands Rosie over, she and Greg get along. She giggles as he tickles her.
John frowns at Sherlock concerned, “Will someone try to pick me up again?”
Sherlock steps up and cares for Rosie and me without any prompting. He goes so far as to take Rosie with him when he went grocery shopping. While he’s gone Mycroft comes to visit, I can’t help but wonder what he wants from me this time.
“Nothing” he stammers back
“Just this last bit by the door. I started with the toilet, sink and shower then the floor Sir.” He says demurely.
“Yeah. In the end it took three months and several operations to fight the infection that set in.” I look at Sherlock apologetically “I’ll probably have nightmares about this tonight, you may want to sleep in Rosie’s room.”
He smiles my smile at me “I am glad you enjoyed it.”
It’s been weeks since the debacle with Euros at Sherrinford. John has been helping Sherlock clean and renovate the flat taking time off from or turning down extra shifts at the clinic to help out as he can. Sherlock stayed at John’s for the first couple of weeks until the water and gas were safely on again. When John went to Baker Street, he would bring Rosie along with him if Molly couldn’t stay at his place with her. In the end she came more often than not and came to enjoy her time at 221, both upstairs and in Mrs. Hudson’s flat, after her kitchen was remodeled first. John and Sherlock spent several days working late into the night. John stayed over a few times, retreating to his old room with Rosie in a portable crib, too tired to make his way back to a cold and empty house across town.
We’re woken rather abruptly too early in the morning by a call from Lestrade about a case. Thankfully Mrs. Hudson is home, she’s was not happy about the early morning wake-up any more than I, but she is willing to look after Rosie.
Angelo went all out for the reception. He cancelled all reservations and closed the restaurant for the evening. He put tables together to form one large u-shape with Sherlock and me at the top. He and Mrs. Hudson were enthusiastic with decorating the tables. There are red camellia from the rear courtyard of 221 floating in crystal bowls, red roses and chrysanthemums in vases. Tendrils of ivy intertwined with votive candles and purple orchid flowers woven around the vases.
“I had a metal recycling guy come in and remove several vehicles, trailers and a bunch of other metal including rolled up fencing. I’ve started another pile near the front gate; old pipes, stoves, refrigerators and rusted out generators mostly.
“Kitchen is fine. Let me grab some supplies and I’ll be right back. Kindly take off your clothes sir.” Smiling.
John tosses and turns. Can’t find a comfortable position. Every time he thinks he’s almost asleep, his brain will throw something at him, it just will not shut off. After an hour and a half he’s had enough of trying to sleep, he’s beyond tired, exhausted.
“True, you’re right.” Sherlock gives me a quick kiss.
Calmly “We are already at risk if what Mycroft says is true. Wouldn’t it be better to have help than deal with this psychopath on our own?”
“In the morning I woke up in the same position with the same problem. I knew I loved him then, but he was so scathing in his remarks when he woke up. If he had told me then how he felt… It wasn’t until his best man speech that he admitted it.”
“Mmmm, comfortable… come back.” Mumbled from Sherlock.
They hand Greg the papers as Nurse Levi comes in to wheel John off to get his MRI. Sherlock and one of the two people guarding the door follow along. Greg heads back to the Yard, promising to stop by later with a few cold cases for Sherlock. By the time the test is finished, John is worn out from the excitement of the morning and needs a nap.
In the end we installed surveillance cameras and microphones around the aunt’s house when everyone was out for the day (with permission from the homeowner). Sherlock took a few pictures of the interior of the home, appallingly filthy with drugs (legal and illegal), trash and dirty clothing and trash strewn all over the floors. The ensuing material was enough for the police to arrest the granddaughter and her boyfriend for drug possession, abuse and endangerment to the aunt and to their own child!
“I have them on my desk as we speak, I was going to bring them by on my way home tonight.”
“Ah, you don’t want strangers thinking we live in filth.”
John fights his way through sleet, hail and spitting snow to make it to the clinic. He’s been off work for almost a month recovering from his injuries. The tube was cramped and people kept bumping into him, his head and his bad shoulder both ache and his right leg keeps cramping from slipping on the ice. He’s cold and miserable. All he wants is a nice hot cup of tea before he begins his shift. In the breakroom, he runs into Dr. Sarah Sawyer.
1 whole roasting chicken
He clicks on the second picture showing the living room/kitchen area, there is just an edge of a woodstove in the corner. There are three solid doors and a set of two open glass French doors leading to another brighter room. “Nice bar area, good height for a lab.” We both notice the microscope on the counter. Next picture is a shot of the kitchen itself “Refrigerator, and a freezer, old fashioned looking stove. Not many cabinets, not much storage. He mentioned a in a previous email as having a large pantry though.”
We rinse and turn off the spray. I grab a towel and dry myself and turn to help Sherlock do the same, running my fingers through his hair to settle the curls.
November 1st arrived cold and rainy, we have two of the three woodstoves burning to keep up with the chill. We’ve had a fire burning 24-hours a day, in at least one of the stoves for the past week. Fall has definitely arrived.
We stop at the clinic in Boonville to drop of the blankets Nurse Kate lent us. She is happy to see John up and awake. He thanks her for her quick thinking and gives his cell number to call in case of emergency until the end of the month. She thanks him for the offer and assures him that she would only call for a dire emergency.
“Yeah, that.”
“Fine.”
Outside the only noises heard were the gentle breaking of waves echoing up the chalky white cliff face from the beach far below. Inside one could hear the crackling of the fire burning in the woodstove. The mantle above adorned with a skull wearing an old Santa hat overseeing three hanging stockings and a small assortment of Holiday cards. A mirror above reflecting the cosy room and the twinkle lights draped around its frame.
We both look at the rings for a few moments. There are several styles that look suitable, one jumps out at me. As I reach over to pick it up Sherlock beats me to it. “Great minds think alike” Sherlock jokes. We both reached for the same band, simple edge with Celtic knots engraved down the middle. Sherlock takes my hand and places it on my finger to see how it looks. I lock my knees so I won’t collapse. He holds me around the waist as I place its matching pair on his finger. They look fantastic, I can’t help but smile and passionately kiss Sherlock. I come back to my senses as I feel Rosie kicking me in the chest and batting me about my ears, I’m hugging too tightly it seems.
“Yes Mummy. John and I are not registered anywhere, we don’t need anything.”
I square my shoulders “I can shoot just as well as you remember. My firearm instructor insisted on learning right handed as most guns are engineered that way.” Kevin looks at me with a furrowed brow.
“Good. I still have my service weapon in London. I’m familiar with this type.” I say taking the offered gun from Kevin. I notice the clip is missing, the chamber is empty when I check it.
Sherlock kneeling by John, covers his friend with his shed Belstaff. Sherlock just nods, freeing John’s hands then tucking his coat tighter around John’s still form.
Sherlock carefully and surely manoeuvres across the creek, past a pile of blocks on a cement slab, and up the hill where Kevin directed him. A few turns up the road and Kevin says “Stop. If you look up to your left, there is a green plastic, 1500 gallon tank holding the water for the house. If the water is running over like it is, the tank is full. If you don’t have water at the house check here first.”
We can see the smoke from the fires up here and the news reports are intense. We’ve spent quite a bit of time up at the ‘office’ so we could watch the reports on the telly. From the looks of things, we’ll be avoiding heading south until the fires are sorted out a bit.
Molly picked up Rosie earlier, they were going shopping and lunch at Harrod’s, then to see Father Christmas. I’ve been in my Mind Palace for a couple hours now. John has music playing low, sounds like Christmas tunes, the volume is low enough to be pleasant and non-invasive. Vaguely I been hearing John puttering with something in the kitchen, I heard clinking, cabinet opening and closing. Eventually, I’m pulled out of my thoughts by a very odd sound though. A wonderful sweet and spicy scent makes my mouth water.
Lifting an eyebrow, “Really? Do you know the name of my new, ah, master?” Sherlock wonders casually crossing his right leg over his left. Idiots didn't even secure his legs.
“Okay, fine then” she glares at Sherlock, “Stay out of the way of my staff then.” She nods and walks out writing something on my chart.
There was an almost four week break between Greece and the miniature beer stein that arrived from Germany. A week later a lovely waterproof watch from Switzerland along with a bag of assorted chocolates arrived.
From the couch I hear “Maybe not so hard? There is a lot of flex to the crop.”
He turns, he is crying and sobs out “I know John, and I didn’t mean to leave you. I thought you were right behind me. I texted Graham, I tried.”
“Ta very much.”
“Right. I’ll go out and back up Kreisler. You two stay inside until we say otherwise.” Parks noisily fumbles his way out the back door, failing to see Sherlock roll his eyes at him in the dark.
John turns to look at Sherlock amidst a church full of shocked noises.
I pick up my phone again “Did you get that Mycroft or shall I repeat it?” I ask with a grin.
“Good memory.”
“I’d turned down his advances during dinner earlier that night. I had never had such strong feelings for someone before and it, um… frightened me a bit. I was an idiot and told him I was flattered by his attention but I was married to my work. By the end of the night I knew I was doomed and he hadn’t even moved his things in yet.”
“I guess he’s the first to know then. Are we telling Molly and Mrs. H tonight then?” I ask
“Over the years I’ve watched these two drift together, get torn apart and finally find one another again. It is with great pleasure now that I can finally introduce them as husbands. Today we are here to celebrate all the good you have found in one another: a lover, a best friend, a playmate, a teacher, and a partner for life. Cheers to John and Sherlock!” He raises his glass of champagne and drains it.
John pinched the bridge of his nose. If anyone else said these kinds of things to him, he'd punch their lights out. He'd never do that to Sherlock… again. And somehow, that was a part of why this was all kinds of wrong in ways John didn't know how to verbalise.
16:00, Christmas Day.
Sherlock shrugs. "Tell him the truth. That I haven't applied, but I've been approached and am in the process of making a decision. King's needs to approve it, too, and though Stella said initial negotiations have been done at the top level, Lestrade is one of the people who will need to approve the split contract. Whatever you do, make sure you tell him that it still involves the majority of my time at King's. I don't want that to change. If GOSH was asking me to work there full-time, I'd say no. Tell him that."
I estimate Branger is in his early forties, and he speaks with enough gravitas to hold the attention of the assembled skiers. I would have preferred to hire his services alone for the day, but he is in demand and had no free solo slots, so I allowed him to talk me into a group. "
That's why Violet worries about the new job: for at least two days a week, John's not there. At least Stella Wolfson, who she had called last week, had been able to put her mind at ease: the work at GOSH seems to be going well. Violet wonders whether Sherlock will ever volunteer any information about it, perhaps realising that when he'd shown her the video of the surgery, it had helped her understand more about him. She hopes so.
achievements among other things, plus you have quite the man waiting for you at home. Maybe that group down in that dinner table weren't very impressed by you, but frankly, I wasn't impressed by them. One of the men — the one who marched out — had such a badly fitting jacket that they should be taken to the Old Bailey for crimes against good taste, and what the hell kind of a person covers up the best parts of a vintage Azzedine Alaia gown with an ugly scarf that isn't even silk?" Edgar jokes. "It's all a matter of perspective. Having worked with some very powerful, influential individuals, I can assure you that none of them lack insecurities and individual traits they've had to overcome to get where they are. What I suspect connects them is their willingness to step out of their comfort zone to give those difficult things a go."
He keeps chanting "Back, replace, forward; forward, replace back." Janine is quite stiff, not moving her hips enough and stepping too firmly so the sound of her shoes clumps on the wooden floor, but at least her steps are more or less in time with the music now. She's counting out loud, "One, two, three,
"The agency assured me their code of conduct requiring privacy rivals the NHS in client confidentiality."
he thinks bitterly,
, but now I see what it means when we don't waste the evening and weekend hours we have together doing mundane, boring things."
, John wants to argue. Sherlock doesn't exactly like people knowing that he can't manage even a regular dental check-up without heavy, meticulously tailored sedation. Granted, Edgar had already stepped in when he'd had that terrible cold, but this… this feels different to John.
Through the come-down haze and the pain of the re-opened wound on his chest, Sherlock forces himself to think. If he's to get out of this alive and John, too, then he's going to have to work out how to widen the apparent gap between these two men.
Knowing Sherlock, it's going to take some time to extract him; he'll want to know what imaging results will reveal about his patient's injuries.
A hand is grabbed, weight used to move the pair in a sequence of leaps, spinning off into legs flashing, interlocking, kicks synchronised to a step, between each other's legs. At one point, legs interlock and the momentum spins the pair, which they break by moving to a simultaneous side-by-side leap that is almost balletic in its form.
"I don't know. It never occurred to me to ask."
When he's got his hands around a cup of coffee that is actually drinkable instead of the coloured dishwater that they serve in the cafeteria, John prepares for the worst. "What's it this time?"
Opening a door marked Staff Only, she leads Mary down a poorly lit hall. The soundproofing is less evident here, and the music from the studio bleeds through the wall. She and then turns left, stopping in front of a wooden shutter on the left wall. "This is far enough."
Sherlock huffs, he’s on a roll and there’s no way he can stop himself now. Against all his best interests he spits out, “It’s a wonder you stay, considering you think I am so difficult to live with.”
His entire body flinched, his head shaking a desperate
Sherlock notices what he's doing right away after walking into the flat and shedding his coat. "I told you to show that to Laura," Sherlock comments.
John knows that Sherlock has lied often enough…
“Well, they seem to have been pretty convincing,” Lestrade cuts in. “It only took three minutes after the broadcast for me to get a call from the higher-ups ordering me to track you down ASAP and haul you into the Yard. Boss tells me it's our case, because if Moriarty is alive, then the person who died on Hampstead Heath wasn't the person you thought he was. We need proof this time” He points a finger at Sherlock, "and you're the one who's going to have to provide it."
This question is something she has asked other patients, and never very early into treatment. It is a dangerous but effective test in measuring how far the process has taken them in self-acceptance.
What he had been able to find publicly through Google maps he's backed up by hacking into the Ministry of Defense's map system. The higher resolution satellite maps confirmed that the best approach would be from the east. From there it would just be a matter of heading into the upper Lough Erne lake, then under the bridge between the two farms and into Drummond Lough.
Mycroft gives a pained smile. "I am sure that we will all agree that the first attempt was less than the roaring success we had hoped it would be.”
on garden-variety thieving,” Mycroft Holmes had declared in that received pronunciation of his. "You are doing this because you are bored and like a challenge, not because you really care about the money you'll get for those." He’d gestured Sebastian to sit in the chair next to him. Intrigued, Sebastian had warily accepted the invitation to sit down.
"No, not really. Edgar can certainly fend for himself. In many ways, he does it far better than I do. His social intelligence is admirable, and there is a sense of confident self-awareness there that must come from being at ease with oneself. I cannot let go like that in the company of others, to enjoy social interaction without constant self-monitoring. He says that he self-monitors constantly, too, though, and that it's both a blessing and a curse. Still, it must be rewarding to reap the benefits of such a skill."
Sebastian starts laughing. Is Holmes crazy? Has he really just challenged Jim to a duel?
John is minutely shaking his head. "I dunno know, Greg. I'm not convinced this is a homicide."
"Sorry," I offer to Fiedler in passing; "I know you are just doing your job."
The words he'd uttered about leaving still hang in the air. How had they come to this? All John had wanted was for Sherlock to be alive, to return. Yet nothing,
At 595 grams unloaded, the gun is 30 grams shy of his usual weapon’s weight which means it feels a little different. The trigger pull needs the same amount of pressure, but the recoil spring is a little more. He rolls the weapon over in his hands, testing the grip, the slide, the magazine insertion. By the time the jet starts to make its way down the taxiway, he is feeling comfortable with the feel of the weapon in his hand.
He can practically taste that moment of pleasure.
A burning, bubbling pool, his teacher had informed the morbidly fascinated and somewhat terrified (after all, wasn’t that the point of religious studies, to instill the fear of God) group of thirteen-year-olds — the lake of fire was the second death, the ultimate consequence of sin.
There is no John to look.
The man's ego is just insufferable, and Sherlock ripostes, "No, I don't think so. My team and I have eviscerated your original proposal; it's the exact blueprint of how
A sad end to an otherwise successful career. When he'd started, no one but he had seen the dangers of cyber intelligence, cybercrime and cyberwarfare in the hands of a single criminal. Back then, no one wanted to recruit the IT expertise needed unless it had a military edge or GCHQ relationship. IT was for back-room boys, geeks who were simply tools to be used in whatever geopolitical strategy was in favour at the time. Mycroft had been worried enough to be go looking for threats in other forms, and when he had found it in the young Moriarty, he'd done his best to try to channel it for better purposes.
like Moriarty. Someone who shares his genetic code, right down to the structure of his vocal tract.”
To his surprise, John answered within the hour. Between patients, probably.
Nothing new. The latest entry is from last night:
“Indeed,” Mycroft mutters through his fingers. “The CIA agent is a cyber-security expert who had been assigned to investigate the Eurofins ransomware; we spoke. He does not know who the perpetrator is. Neither do I, at least not officially.”
John lets out a breath and squares his shoulders when their food arrives. He's being irrational, and he knows it. The plain facts are that yes, Sherlock may well have a point that such a high position in a research organisation coupled with the demands of his clinical work easily warrant a professional assistant. It would warrant one even if Sherlock wasn't… Sherlock. And if he can find the rare exception of a person who doesn't drive him barmy but who can help him with things which he's not particularly good at such as dealing with people… Isn't this what John has kept telling him he wants: for Sherlock to stop hiding behind him when there are other people to be dealt with? Sherlock had commented favourably on Edgar's input regarding the GOSH meeting two days prior. That input had centred on reading the people attending the meeting and translating their reactions. It should be a relief that John won't have to do all that anymore and that he won't have to worry about Sherlock not having his help with communication and understanding others when he works at GOSH.
I rub a hand across my face. "We are hurting each other." He stares back at me. I am caught by Greg's comment in the pub.
Four hours and three cups of coffee later, he has devoured just about every news bulletin on the crash, from outlets on both sides of the Atlantic. Expert after expert has explained to the reporters that this was something that shouldn't be possible. Planes have too many redundant systems for this to be possible. A software glitch in one place couldn't do it. And speculation is rife about not just
For some obscure reason he can't fathom, Sherlock's speech is the last of the department heads, so when he sits down after his allotted ten minutes, the only item remaining is Lady Wolfson's duty to end the formal proceedings and re-join them at the head table.  While she makes her way from the stage back to their table, Sherlock wonders why he is the only one of the four department heads of the new unit to have been placed at this particular table; the other Steadman Neurosurgery Unit heads all have their own tables, with their own people and key donors relevant to their area of specialisations. This arrangement means that Edgar is not sitting with him, and that makes Sherlock uneasy. The man can hardly advise him on anything while others are present so close by, but perhaps… Sherlock realises he's used to John being present at these occasions. John, who takes over participating in the conversations when Sherlock commits a faux pas and realises it too late. John, who kicks him under the table if he senses Sherlock is about to say something particularly callous. John, who sometimes takes his hand under the table to signal that he's drifting off into his head when he gets bored of the company.
John helps him into the nearest. Presumably, the four men in country clothing in the second vehicle are Mycroft's minions.
is harder—he knows exactly where the CCTV cameras will pick up his journey, and how to use pavements, alleyways and parking areas to avoid being seen. When he draws the final tail of the S, the bike will have been picked up by every traffic camera on Bateman Street, weaving his way through the traffic going in the opposite direction.
_________________
the plan.”
It's all he can offer, an apology for decisions that were made more than half a lifetime ago.
Sherlock had replied to your outrage, "How was I to know you'd do something so stupid? And you've ruined the experiment by the way. Opening it up introduced new oxygen so will have changed the bacteria growth timeline. I'll have to start over; it takes six weeks."
“You’ll have to be a bit more specific, Molly,” Sherlock replied dryly, amusement apparent in his tone. “Even I cannot deduce which day in the lab you mean.”
He had walked nearly two of the four miles to his bedsit when a lorry sped by, hit a puddle, and drenched him.
“Partners. I’d like us to be. In a maybe-more-than-friends way. If you’re… amenable.” Sherlock’s gaze is fixed permanently on the floor, his eyes tracing the whorls of the rug in sync with his finger rubbing the rim of his glass. It’s an eternity before John’s reply
"I see you got my message,
It is answered on the third ring.
As they slow down to a red light, he leans forward and knocks on the plexiglass separating them from the driver. The intercom crackles to life, and before the driver has a chance to inquire what he's got on his mind, Sherlock instructs him to stop at the next possible place that might sell cigarettes.
think about it all."
"Do you really have any idea of the hell you are putting him through?"
John's eyes widen. He had not counted on that kind of reaction. "Um, would you be prepared to lose him for good?"
"You're very welcome, John."
14, 3;
Conversation over, Mycroft goes to reach for his teacup, but not before a polite cough comes from the direction of the doorway to the room. “This, on the other hand," he remarks, settling back into the chair, sans tea, "does not come as a surprise.”
What he had done is still there. He looks around and remembers how he had grabbed Sherlock, pushed him into the bedroom. The marks on Sherlock's body, the bruises he'd inflicted when he'd had his way with him. Sex? Yes, it was that. But Greg was right; it was a punishment, too. For both of them. A physical expression of John's anger and his frustration, too. A reminder of how they had once used their bodies to show love, but were now doing something else to each other.
"As far as I can tell, things are fine between us."
I hadn't thought past this conversation. I hadn't thought about what would happen past this moment.
“John,” said a heart-breakingly familiar smoke-and-honey baritone that most definitely did not belong to Mycroft Holmes.
Hm. That was—hopeful, actually. If John had been cutting him off, he wouldn’t now be wanting to apologise or explain.
Standing over a body in a dark alley at half one in the morning is bad enough. The icy rain dripping down the back of his neck, John decides, just wraps it all up in a big bow. What he needs right now, aside from having stayed in his bed, is for Sherlock to get the hell over it so they can leave. Going by the weary look on Greg’s face, he agrees.
to enjoy them," Sherlock snaps in a tone he realises too late is accusatory. He regrets the outburst; Edgar is working tonight at his behest, and it's none of Sherlock's business what the young man does or doesn't enjoy. "Thank you for the… non-existing phone call. You were attentive. That is appreciated."
“You agreed to the terms of participating at these meetings.” Helen’s tone was stern.  She knew how to get what she wanted from subservient people.
The apology seems strikingly out of place to Sherlock’s ears in light of what Moran has already done to him and the sweeping strokes the man starts to make carving the next letter. With endorphins fighting for space with his depleted opioid receptors, there is no mercy from the pain as Moran carves the letter ‘O’. Sherlock knows now that he’s found the hell he has been looking for. Maybe, if his luck holds out, he will die before John even thinks about turning up. He can only hope that whoever does his autopsy is as good as Molly Hooper is so the time of death will give John the alibi he needs.
Yet another mystery he is not allowed to deduce, not if he wants to keep his friendship with John alive.
, look Jim in the eyes, knowing that that this could end very badly for him. He decides it's time to play his own card.
"Edgar is very competent."
"Of course not," he lies with perfect sincerity. After a lifetime of social scripting, of masking who he is behind a façade of typicality, his skill at lying is a sharply honed coping mechanism.
A last glance into the kitchen. Too clean now, too ordered. But, there's that nasty scratch that Sherlock had never explained. So much that he'd never said to you and will remain a mystery now. You wonder if you will ever be able to look at a kitchen table again without being reminded of what is missing.
The police officer escorting him to the desk to collect his things tells him that it’s his lucky day. “Seems you’ve got friends in high places. The assault charges have been dropped.”
John rolls his eyes; trust Sherlock to be so literal. "Neither. It's a phrase; it means you haven't been talking, so please, talk now."
John took advantage of his unexpected free time to stop by the post office on his way to Mary's flat to collect his mail and cancel his P.O. box. He'd not wanted the paparazzi to have easy access to his address when he'd moved out of Baker St, and though the P.O. box wouldn't keep them from finding him for long, it had slowed them down long enough for other news stories to draw their attention away. It was worth the hassle, at the time. Now, nearly two years on, interest in him and his connection to the 'fake detective' had long since disappeared, making it safe to have his mail forwarded directly to his residence. Well. To Mary's residence.
"Why do you think she has reached out to you by phone after our session?"
Rising again, he sweeps his gaze from the top of the victim’s head to his fingers.
Mycroft Holmes had taken a keen interest in the recent spate of thefts across Knightsbridge. In particular because they had involved the hacking of upmarket security systems. Child’s play for Sebastian, whose time not receiving a state sanctioned education had been spent in a neighbour’s house while they were away for the winter, exploring all the ways to work around a home security system. Finding the control box and re-routing wires that dealt with alarms had been a much more interesting education than what was on offer at the local comprehensive school. It had taken time, but he'd learned how to build a jamming device to cause a blip in the security video stream, long enough for him to slip in and slip out.
John nods.
With this chapter, we are now at the end of this particular journey. This was my first co-authoring experience and it has been, quite simply, effing amazing. Working with @7-percent has stretched my skills, abilities and belief in myself and what I am able to do exponentially. And I think that has translated into an even better fic for all of you.
Sherlock is pacing, chanting out a list of numbers. "Fifty-four, full stop. Fifteen thousand two hundred and sixty-nine, comma. Dash. Seven. Full stop. Four one five nine zero."
It's before dawn on Christmas Eve and John can’t sleep. Mrs. Hudson is at her sister's place—he had told her weeks ago that he "wasn't in the mood" for any kind of celebration or company, and she had taken him at his word.
“Yep!”
"I might actually give a damn except I'm rather busy right now holding the world to ransom. Three little lines of code and I have brought the world's airlines to a standstill. Or has that news not reached you in your graveyard yet?"
’ he hears Mr. Phillips voice droning on again.
"Ankles?" John asks.
“Yes, you did,” he agrees. "But just in case, I've cut the telephone wire so you can't call for help before I get out of here." He's going to have to trust that she's of that generation who didn't grow up surgically connected to a mobile. That reminds him; "Do promise me you'll see a doctor."
Sherlock eyes his Belstaff that is sitting, crushed and crumpled on the chair in the corner, still reeking of Moriarty and death. He needs to get it cleaned but can't muster the energy to run the gauntlet of journalists who are still hanging around the front door, in order to go to the cleaners. He ignores it, when and if he is able to go out without the press hounding him, he will.
"No."
"Who?"
John is still standing next to Lestrade by the tarpaulin, his hands clasped behind his back, watching Sherlock intently, but not with the same sort of admiration that he used to show. How Sherlock misses that gaze and the animation John used to display at crime scenes when Sherlock does anything remotely clever. He knows he’s talented at this; people tell him all the time (when they are not shouting at him for being a freak) but John’s praise means more than anything.
"Yes. Even if you're telling me there is no one else in the house, I have to search it properly."
Sherlock had known these people in a way that John had never gotten to the bottom of; 'that was then, this is now' was about all he ever got out of him. Yet, whatever time he'd spent among them, once he left the streets, Sherlock had maintained his contacts. "Eyes and ears, John. And virtually invisible; better than any CCTV camera."
"I want him to be present for this. There may be a need for note-taking, and he needs to be aware of the outcome of this meeting."
JEKYLL & HIDE - Bishop Briggs • JEKYLL & HIDE
Sherlock hums as though he'd heard the words but obviously hasn't made a note of what John had actually said.
him; he was just… intense. Did
The word
"Tell me something I don't know."
Sherlock grew thoughtful.
"The NHS is an under-funded, creaky dinosaur slowly devouring itself through bureaucracy and too much influence from the weathervane opinions of politicians, but I still wouldn't work anywhere else in the UK. One of the two things I need to learn today is what constraints you are going to place on recruitment of the rest of the research staff. Seamus Murphy said I would be able to pick my own team. This is an important incentive to me, so I need a guarantee of it before I can accept the offer."
"You bastard. You're the one who left that stupid comment on the blog." John knows what he wants. He’s known what he’s wanted to do since he went for Moran outside the pre-inquest. So, he pushes him, verbally as well as physically. “You’re just jealous,” knowing this will hit a few hot buttons.
"What's that mean?"
“What am I going to do with you?”
John has re-read the exchange a hundred times. The replies are from a phone number he doesn't recognise, but then why would he? Sherlock's phone is still in the evidence bag in forensic storage, right where it's been since the day it was found smashed on the floor of Barts morgue. The fact that whoever is behind this number in his WhatsApp messages knows John's personal phone number is yet one more nail in the coffin of Sherlock's fakery. As for the username in the comments on his blog—the phrase ‘a concerned friend’ came up the very first night he and Sherlock worked together. No one but Sherlock could have known. It tells John that it is finally time to believe the unbelievable—that Sherlock is not only alive, but in covert communication with him.
"On the contrary, John; if we had, then we wouldn't be in a position now to find out where Jim Moriarty's successor is."
She pours two cups of coffee from the tray and slides one in front of him. Black, with two sugars. "How is John?"
Violet walks confidently into the appointment room when prompted and commandeers half of the sofa Sherlock usually sits in. He takes a seat beside her, placing a decorative pillow between them which he can grab it if need be and explore its texture with his hands to channel his nervousness in a discreet manner if it needs an outlet. That's not the case yet, not by far. It's strange how this feels like his territory, and as uncomfortable he's often felt discussing himself in this room, today Doctor Pichler feels like his ally.
Edgar opts for a
The buzz of journalists crowding around the Met DI outside the Coroner's court as he pronounces, “.... a full jury inquest is being scheduled." Then the sound of a scuffle as Watson tackles Sebastian, in the process causing him to stumble backwards into two journalists, knocking them off their feet.
"How was it, then?" John finally asks when the silence stretches.
"You didn't see the bottle of Lamotrigine on her nightstand? Not like you to miss something like that."
"And you argued with him?"
"That's a very good theme we could focus on today," Doctor Pichler says. "Spousal support, or lack thereof."
She remembered the early days, when her boys had just moved in. The flat had been rife with tension then. Frustration. Annoyance. Desire.
"Yes." Of course, he does.
"No, of course not."
This, Sebastian knows. This he is allowed to return in kind.
doing is wondering what Sherlock is doing right now.
The little bronze kneeling warrior is moved to the leather and chrome chair. She puts Billy in your chair. In the reflection from the mirror at the back of the display cabinet you are dusting you can see her rubbing her hands on her pinny. She and Sherlock had waged war over that skull; when he was being particularly obnoxious, Mrs Hudson would remove it. Of course, Sherlock would have been able to deduce where she'd hidden it, but never did. It would suddenly reappear, a symbol of her patience and forgiveness.
And this
"Up. If we get blocked, I may be able to talk someone into letting me walk the rest of the way."
It's a maximum fifteen-minute spot; John could have picked one of the commercial parking service areas close by, but he hadn't known he'd be invited to come in. That's why he asks, "You're not done with today yet? Edgar said you were."
’ Me. Sherlock,” he growls, getting to his feet.
," he growled.
I bury my nose into his shoulder as his arms come up around me. He smells of sweat and crisp new snow and
Sex and death, death and sex, those two driving forces of human motivation. They'd led him the way to so many cases being solved. He'd thought himself to be invulnerable to both, but meeting and then loving John Watson had shown him his foolishness. Now, despite escaping death because he loved John too much to let him be killed by Moriarty, here he is wishing he was truly dead.
"Fear often makes us see similarities between past and future events where there may be none."
"How is John doing?" Edgar inquires politely.
All that's left now is whether Sherlock can deliver the winning touch, the point of his weapon striking the mortal wound. If he can succeed, then Mycroft will be spared the ignominy of exposure, and he will have a chance to try to resurrect his relationship with John.
“I’m sorry, I know it hurts, I just need to check you out.”
There’s an open wound now, where the needle dragged as Moran tore it out. A trickle of blood is forming along the scratch line, a reopening of the incision made when the message was carved into his flesh. It’s painful, but a mere irritation in comparison to the world of pressure currently exerting itself on his chest cavity. His neck hurts, a pain that radiates down his arm. The stench in his prison makes him nauseated. He's both sweating and yet cold at the same time. And tired, so very, very tired. If Sherlock had the energy to roll his eyes in exasperation, he would
Tentatively, he then brings up his biggest worry: "What about the people thing? Having to work with others has never been something you've looked for before. What makes you think this would be different?"
For once, it is Mycroft who is pacing up and down in front of the evidence wall; Sherlock returns to his chair and stares at the apparition of his brother in an agitated state. Sherlock is alarmed but also slightly amused, and wonders if that is a bit not good. The three smiley faces on the customer satisfaction message seem to have been the final straw that broke Mycroft's
John is pretty sure his eyebrows have shot straight to the roof. His blood-pressure most certainly has. “Me? Explain to him?” His incredulous tone is only matched by how gob-smacked Lestrade is currently looking.
"Not unless I really need it."
"But with a British flavour. Check all flights leaving the USA for UK destinations that will be in the air at three o'clock our time. And then because he's a sneaky bastard, do the same for three o'clock Eastern Standard time."
John doesn't ask why he's left early. He can probably guess that something's happened — or perhaps he just assumes that Sherlock had made a hasty escape as soon as he had dared because he hates big social events.
Then he relaxes as he remembers that she's at her sister's for Christmas. He’s used to this feeling of waking (if one can get used to something like that) - the initial relief on waking that comes from rest on the other side of emotional exhaustion. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath ... and then his brain catches up and he remembers everything that happened the day before. The breath is knocked out of him again with the crushing weight of the realization of what his life is now like returns.
The thought propels you out of your seat. "Let me help, Mrs Hudson."
From an objective point of view, the next fifteen minutes are fascinating, watching the ski patrol member assemble a rescue sledge and organise the evacuation. As soon as the call went in, the piste had been closed to all traffic, and the cable car to 6-Gentianes suspended. The spinal board and head collar the patrolman has brought in the backpack ensure we can transfer the unconscious victim with the minimum of movement; the down bag that encircles the sledge to keep him warm has ingenious slots cut for the runners. I am impressed with the paramedical training that the Swiss patrolman has had; every move is well-rehearsed and authoritative. I may be a neurosurgeon, but he is the expert in dealing swiftly with evacuating someone with these injuries, so I have no problem with him taking the lead. Once he's confirmed my initial assessment, he gets on the radio to call in an air ambulance to meet us on the flat part of the piste.
"I will readily admit to losing my temper around you," Sherlock says dryly. "It's one of those things where you might ask
"She said they never even considered anyone else for this position. You always were good at research, much better than at clinical work. Apart from operating on people, perhaps."
"Who is she? Why do you waste time teaching beginner? If you want a good dance partner, let me introduce you to some of my friends. They won't step all over you."
Quickly, I type out a reply:
When I nod, he says, "Make that two."
"How did it go?"
The Colonel walks over to Sherlock, and then turns to the camera. "Hello. Jim Moriarty here."
, sadomasochism.
She hadn’t been invited to the Watson wedding, of course. She’d made her apologies by then, had long since seen the error of her ways and begun a course correction. But, for all that Sherlock had put in a good word for her with the promotions board, they were colleagues at best.
"Had he done that before? Gone off without telling anyone where he was going?"
"Greg, I'm not going anywhere. To start with, I like King's. I like working with everyone here that I know well, and then there's Sherlock to consider. I'm not going anywhere without him; we're sort of joined at the hip work-wise as well as at home."
He expects that she will press him further when he still hasn't replied a couple of minutes later, but she’s proven that she is nothing if not a little surprising.
"I paid her to fix those things."
My glare should be strong enough to pin Sherlock to the bed, but just in case he isn't getting the message, I add the command: "Stay put. I need to send Philippe back to Verbier to sort some things out."
“Oh, Mr. Jamison nice to meet you,” she nervously takes his hand and shakes it. “Are you her to meet with Mr. Lewis? (The General Manager, he’s done his research).
An electromagnetic pulse! Something strong enough to fry all the electrics in the plane. Not a software issue at all, but rather a weakness in hardware. Only military planes were semi-shielded from EMP weapons.
“Tell me.”
look and he knows he’s going to be in trouble tonight. Sebastian doesn’t give a fuck. This is all Jim’s fault anyway. If he hadn't been so keen on messing with Watson in order to win his bloody game against Holmes, the two of them would have moved on to bigger and better things by now. Instead of building his consulting criminal business, Jim seems to have been side-tracked. After being forced to sit in that wretched inquest all day, does Jim really expect him to apologise for taking out his frustrations on Watson?
"Since when have I been any good at judging people's reactions?"
The psychiatrist was still smiling. "It's just something I would suggest you give consideration to. Six p.m. tomorrow, and we meet here in the conference room at the end of the hall. You might find it interesting, but I also think it might be helpful to the group."
“This isn’t how this is meant to go John! I’m useless at these sorts of things.” Sherlock frowns and shoves his hands into his pockets. “What do I want? I want your hands on my ankles again when we watch your horrible shows. I want you to sit out here after you shower in your bathrobe instead of hurrying upstairs to get dressed. Don’t you understand? I want you. I want you to want me again. Or is it presumptuous to say that? I don't know! I don’t want to mess this up.” Sherlock pauses. “I don’t want you to leave.”
“Thank you,” John said breathily through tears, his voice muffled. “Thank you Sherlock. For -”
“I wouldn’t let anyone help me,” John continues, like the grey light of the night and the rare silence of the slumbering city is drawing the words out of him. “Lestrade came round a few times, but I just couldn’t do it. People kept sending fan mail to the flat. Condolences. That’s when I decided I needed to move. The nightmares slowed down after that, but I would-” John stops again, face screwing up.
She tapped her foot at him from the kitchen and perched her hands on her hips disapprovingly. The sight sent a hazy rush of relief through Sherlock’s chest. This was a blip of normalcy. This was what he had wanted. He exhaled and let his stiff posture crumble a fraction, his shoulders sliding forward in a true reflection of his fatigue. He’d been wobbling on a highwire of adrenaline the entire day, and Ms. Hudson’s familiar fretting over him softened his descent back down to solid ground. “I may need to sleep.”
Sherlock starts to interject, but John cuts him off. “I know you had to do it Sherlock. This isn’t about that.” John rubs Sherlocks arm through the heavy blanket, and Sherlock goes quiet, watching the soft light wash across John’s face.
He breathed slowly and heavily and then walked back to the kitchen with a measured pace. He closed the cabinets. He ran his palm over the dusty table and sneezed three times. Without looking back at the mess he’d made, he walked into the bathroom.
“Anything. Something-” Sherlock pauses. “You said you used to have nightmares.” Perhaps if John breaches the emotional walls they’ve so carefully built around each other it will be easier for Sherlock to reciprocate.
John looks at Sherlock with sadness buried in his eyes and Sherlock wonders if he is remembering the same things that Sherlock is.
Sherlock nods helplessly in small aborted movements. John feathers across his nipple again, lighter, and then, unexpectedly, pinches hard.
Sherlock wakes choking on coppery breath. For a moment, he can’t remember where he is, images of the prison cell in Serbia flashing through his mind, the smell of his own blood making bile rise sharply in his throat.
John laughs. “Not one for pillow talk are you?”
“Like this...could I have...” John trailed off.
Sherlock realized suddenly that John wasn’t crying anymore. Did he want Sherlock to relinquish his grasp on him? Was Sherlock expected to step away, to establish distance so that they could wind back down to normalcy before they left the flat? He wasn’t sure. John wasn’t pulling away at all. In fact, he had leaned more heavily into him and tightened his arms around his waist when Sherlock began running a hand through his hair.
“No,” John said. “Well - maybe. But I did too.”
“Well, it’s nice.”
“Anytime,” Sherlock said, feathering his hand over the burning nape of John’s neck. He moved upwards and ran his fingers through silver hair. It was softer than the last time he’d touched it, on the misty miserable day when Sherlock had snipped a patch right off of John’s head while he napped obliviously on the sofa. He’d needed it for an experiment on how different textures of hair burned down into ash. Sherlock grinned softly to himself, remembering how the smell of the smoke had woken John up, and how John’s gentle admonishments had been mumbled through a smile,
“Sherlock?” John's voice comes from the top of the stairs.
A smile drifted across John’s face. “My madman.”
“I need-” Sherlock starts, unable to find the words for exactly what he’s asking for.
Sherlock burrows himself into the crook of John’s shoulder, where muscle meets the sturdy length of his neck. He inhales deeply several times. “Pine,” he says, then laves his tongue messily up John’s sternocleidomastoid, following the muscular line to the base of his ear. He wants to devour John, wants to taste every part of him three times over, needs to catalogue the places John derives the most pleasure from.
“You need to rinse your hair better. You’re going to dry out your scalp,” Sherlock pants.
Sherlock feels a brush of soft hair against his back, and then John’s forehead is pressing in between his shoulder blades. John’s hot breath puffs against Sherlock’s back. He puts his hand lightly on Sherlock’s sharp hip bone, just above the line of Sherlock’s cotton pants.
The wind picks up outside, tunneling through the alleyway underneath the kitchen window. In the street below a trash bin falls over with a metallic echoing crash.
“We’ll have to air it out of course,” Ms. Hudson said, bustling into the flat from behind him.
“After Barts I was a mess.” John starts again. “I don’t think I slept through a night for three months. I tried to stay here, but it was…” he shakes his head, and his jaw tenses, his masseter muscle bulging. “It was too much for me, it was like I saw you everywhere. I’d wake up from a dream about you dying and my first instinct was to go downstairs to see if you were there.”
Tilting his body, Sherlock presses his hard length against John’s hip. This seems to snap John out of whatever trance he has fallen into, and he lets out a desperate noise, far too loud for this time of night.
“Yes. It’s fine.” Sherlock says. His chin falls to his chest and he closes his eyes, blocking out the drifting streetside view.
“We’ll have to try that sometime. Tonight I have other ideas” John palms Sherlock’s ass and pulls him tighter against him.
“Oh my God,” John chokes out.
The decision is easier than Sherlock thought it would be. He shifts away from John, who traces his hand across Sherlock’s upper back as Sherlock leans forward and then breaks contact, not venturing any lower. Sherlock turns away from John. He faces the window, peering out onto the street. A lamp flickers through the wooden frame. Sherlock lets the blanket fall from his shoulders and begins to pull his shirt off.
“Do you want to talk about it?”
Sherlock ran his index finger against John’s bottom lip. “Come back to me.”
John stands motionless in front of Sherlock, the practiced ritual of preparing their tea put on hold. The fridge switches on, a deep continuous rumble clattering from the metal coils. In the midst of the noise, John turns to face Sherlock. He is still clasping a dusky green mug in his hands. Sherlock reaches out and takes the mug. He leans around John’s stoic figure, carefully refraining from brushing against him, and sets it on the counter.
They never talked about those sorts of moments that they used to share. They used to sit at the table in the morning, knees brushing against each other, ensconced in their silence and proximity, like it was normal. It was normal. Or at least it used to be. Since Sherlock’s return, John does not touch him like that anymore. Even after the nightmarish debacle with Mary was over, a distance remained between John and Sherlock that Sherlock was afraid to broach. It was enough to have John back at Baker Street. It was enough to hear him puttering around in the morning, to have him nag at Sherlock to eat more, to make Sherlock countless cups of tea that went cold, to hear the rustle of him reading the paper while Sherlock peered through his microscope in the kitchen, or his humming from the shower that he thought Sherlock couldn’t hear.
“So Captain, huh?” John murmurs through Sherlock’s descent into sleep.
“You aren’t supposed to touch curly hair,” Sherlock says. “It frizzes.”
“Sherlock.” John has stilled. He moves his hands off of Sherlock’s hips. “You alright?”
Sherlock makes an awful sound as John licks the pearly liquid from the pad of his finger.
“I know.”
“Hello,” Sherlock said into the faltering surroundings. His words fizzled out. The skull stared at him. Sherlock turned his palms outward, gesturing to no one. “I’m home.”
“Did you learn that from a book too?” John asked.
John smiles, the curve of his lips not quite reaching his eyes. “You don’t have to tiptoe around me. I don’t want you to. Consideration would be not keeping severed heads in the freezer, Sherlock. There’s a balance.”
“What do you mean?”
John falls heavily down into the chair without letting go of Sherlock’s hands and tugs Sherlock down on top of him. It takes a moment to readjust, to get his knees on the outsides of John’s thighs, but soon enough Sherlock is settled in, arching over John, who looks just as drunk as he did the last time this almost happened, except this time he’s drunk on pleasure, drunk on Sherlock.
John raps twice at the door. “Sherlock, are you alright? I heard something break.”
Ms. Hudson reappeared with a handful of powder blue sheets. She vanished through the door of Sherlock’s bedroom, a tumbleweed of nervous energy. A few minutes later she was patting Sherlock’s cheek in a goodnight, her eyes rimmed red. She had obviously been crying over his return from the dead while she was putting the sheets on his bed. Sherlock leaned into her touch, a reassurance for her, and, if he was being honest, for himself as well, and then she was gone, the flat sinking into a deep uncanny silence. Cold air threatened to overtake the room, a chill snapping in through the window, dispelling the stagnant muggy warmth. Sherlock shifted uncomfortably. He felt as if he was visiting an estranged relative who had left him alone in their home without clear instructions of what he was allowed to do.
“I’m fine!” Sherlock says. There is a long pause.
“Sherlock,” John breathes out. He presses his free hand to Sherlock’s hip, calloused fingers bracketing Sherlock’s body. His thumb drags over Sherlock’s bare stomach, up across his chest, and catches against the mottled mountain of Sherlock’s gunshot scar. “God-” John forces out, and then he is kissing Sherlock in earnest, and this is more like what Sherlock had imagined, this is frantic and fast and everything all at once. John wraps his hand around the back of Sherlock’s burning neck, pulling him down urgently. A high pitched whine slithers up from Sherlock’s chest, and he pushes back against John, sandwiching him against the counter.
“Of course you do.”
“Oh, Sherlock.” John reached up to grip his hand. “Can’t you see I already have?”
Now though, his hair was softer. Different. Expensive product and professionally cut, probably in downtown London. Sherlock ran his fingernails lightly against John’s scalp, remembering how his mother would soothe him by doing the same thing when he was a child. John shivered. Sherlock did it again, his manicured nails tracing the same path rhythmically.
“Tell you what?”
Sherlock gets the neck of the shirt over his mess of sleep-strewn curls and drops it onto the floor. The tangled map of scars pulses in the still air of the flat.
Sherlock blinks and remembers where he is. John is warm and real underneath him, has his palms resting on Sherlock’s thighs, warmth radiating through thin fabric. Sherlock imagines John’s body heat burning marks into his legs in the perfect shape of his hands, then grimaces, dispelling the thought from his head. Too much sentiment. Not helpful.
“Were things always like this?” John asked, cutting the silence.
“Yes. Yes, it’s alright.”
John really does smile at this. He reaches out and tames a curly strand hanging dangerously close to Sherlock’s eye, smoothing the hair back into place. “I don’t know. Maybe you can get your own freezer. Not use the kitchen one.”
Sherlock couldn’t breathe. Instead of answering, he closed the distance, brushing his lips against John’s.
Outside, the sun is just beginning to rise, a deep and gilded blue washing through the flat. Sherlock rests his forehead in the hollow of John’s shoulder and closes his eyes.
“Kettle’s on,” John says, and sits down next to Sherlock, wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders in an easy movement. He begins to squeeze Sherlock’s arm and then hesitates. “Is this alright?”
Sherlock had always imagined a fire would be burning in the hearth when he returned to Baker Street. It seemed an infantile fantasy now in the grey and lonely light. Hesitantly, he began to venture through the flat. He checked underneath the couch for a flap he’d cut in the bottom of the cushion where he kept a hidden stash of cigarettes, but they were gone, replaced with a scrap of paper on which
“We’re a right couple of tossers aren’t we?”
Sherlock grips the arms of the chair. John is looking up at him with a suggestion of nervousness. “Don’t be stupid, John,” Sherlock says, and shifts his hips so that their lengths rub together.
“What are you doing?”
“John, you don’t have to-”
“Are these…” John stumbles around his words, not fully colliding with the right thing to say.
A flush rises on Sherlock’s chest. He wishes he had put his shirt back on before walking over here. He wishes he had never walked over here at all, had stayed on the couch, had let things taper out as they always did.
Sherlock slaps John’s stomach lightly. “Not fair.”
John exhales, the tight line of tension dissipating from him. He moves his hand from Sherlock’s chin to his shoulders, rubbing across them in soft rhythmic motions.
John pulls back, a laugh on the edge of his eyes.
Sherlock quivers with the barely contained desire to press against John. “Your hair used to smell like sandalwood. I liked that.”
“You’re okay,” John says, and suddenly Sherlock is embarrassed again, the emotion erupting hot from his chest to his cheeks, threatening to bring more tears to his eyes.
“While you were away.” John’s voice breaks near the tail end of his words. “While you were...okay. Okay. Jesus Christ. This is...Sherlock.” A phantom heat traces over the skin of Sherlock’s back. “Can I-”
John resumes his stroking, faster now. Sherlock exhales harshly several times in a row, thrusting into John’s hand. He is losing control of his thigh muscles, his legs quivering, sending him heavily down into John’s lap.
John sways on his feet, not quite leaning back against the countertop, but not leaning into Sherlock’s tall frame.
“You’ll have to get them out tonight,” Sherlock mumbles, a haze of sleep weighing heavily on him. He feels John smile against his hair.
Sherlock leaned against the back of his leather chair as Ms. Hudson exited the flat. John’s paisley plush armchair loomed empty in front of him. Sherlock stared at it until his eyes burned and then he blinked moisture back into them.
Sherlock nips at John’s earlobe, presses his tongue against the soft flesh, and then traces the cartilage all the way up and around. It’s salty with an undertone of shampoo.
“Bit my tongue.” Sherlock tries to keep his voice on an even keel, schooling his expression into a bored sort of disaffectedness. “Nightmare.”
“Ms. Hudson,” Sherlock says. If the kettle wakes her she will almost certainly come upstairs to tell them off.
“I know.”
Sherlock is alarmed to find tears springing to his cheeks. He is not sure if he can force his voice out in a normal cadence.
Sherlock offered an aborted nod, his eyes widening. He felt like the rest of the flat had fallen away.
He pinched the loose end of the pressure bandages culminating below his prominent collarbone. They unfurled easily, and he looped them around and off of his body in a practiced pattern. Throwing them into the bin on top of his shirt, he turned his attention to the second layer of gauze, which proved to be much more difficult. Dried blood bonded the translucent mesh against his skin. He pulled lightly at the fabric, attempting to loosen it. The gauze tugged at his stitches and Sherlock hissed through his teeth as a sharp stabbing sensation followed the direction of his hand. He stilled, took a deep breath, gritted his teeth, and then tried again, this time starting from the bottom of the bandaging. A few ribbons of gauze came free before he was forced to stop.
“I’m ju-” Sherlock’s voice breaks. Now that he is aware of the tears on his cheeks, he is finding it hard to stop them.
When Sherlock wavers back into reality it is with John’s hands stroking his back in a soothing rhythm.
“Yes. I think I will.”
The flat ebbed with his solitude in response. He could hear his heartbeat in his ears. It pulsed in rhythm with the thrum of his aching back. He shimmied out of his coat and dumped it onto the ground.
“I’m so sorry Sherlock.”
“Do you need me to-”
Sherlock, despite himself, sags against John.
been said before that I might not be the best communicator.”
“Can’t remember. Deleted the name.”
“Sherlock,” he says, hand strong and steady on the small of Sherlock’s back. “Look at me, okay?”
“The electric bill would be a nightmare.”
Keeping his eyes closed, he cupped his palms and splashed lukewarm water over his face. He did this several times, until his shirt collar was soaking wet and the fringes of his hair damply affixed themselves to his forehead, his curls loosening across his skin. Satisfied, Sherlock turned the water off and removed his shirt, unbuttoning it with businesslike efficiency. He had been right - he had bled through the fabric in four different places. The shirt was Dior. It was also ruined. He crumpled it into a ball and threw it into the bin. Twisting in front of the mirror, he craned his neck so that he could see the state of his bandages. A splashy panache of red raked across the white wrappings. Sherlock grimaced and the heat switched on, a metallic rumble clanging through the walls. The bandages would have to be changed.
John reaches out again and pushes it back into place.
They sit in silence for a few minutes, relaxing into each other.
