The pain was bearable and he was almost glad to have something to concentrate on other than Tony, still in his suit, leaning against the wall. Because what was with that?
Tony smiled. “I was just laying the groundwork to get you into a bath with me after we ruin my bed.”
again and then mumbled something about his suit, but relaxed when they'd got to the car and even cracked a joke about Steve being his arm candy.
Tony pounding into him could have been enough to set him off, but now that Tony had brought it up he found he couldn't wait another second.
”Trust you!?” Steve repeated hotly, and while he sort of realized their fights were almost predictable to the word and as such, ridiculous and stupid, he just couldn't drop it. ”How am I supposed to trust you when you show absolutely no interest in what anyone else says to you? You really think complete disregard to other people is going to achieve trust in them?”
“May I just say that I wholeheartedly support all your ravishing needs, but I would really fucking much like to see you spread naked on my bed.”
And that was it, the date, more or less. Storm drove him back, taking a lot longer route than before. Steve wasn't sure if it was to show off some sights or his driving skills or if he just didn't want the date to end.
Nothing was stopping him from going to Tony and telling him that he raised such a myriad of feelings in Steve, from frustration and annoyance to the more recent affection and lust that it was improbable that he was just acting out of loneliness. Maybe Tony would give him something in return.
When Steve checked his phone in the morning, he saw he had gotten two messages. Both from Tony. Steve groaned and waited for the worst.
“I like your face just fine, but I think I love your ass. I mean,” Storm said and leaned down again, mouthing at Steve's neck, “I could even go for rimming.”
When he was about to tell Tony how ridiculous he was, it occurred to him that maybe Tony still was jealous and insecure. Steve hadn't exactly returned his love, even though he had tried to make it clear that he was serious about Tony. Since sex seemed to be a language Tony spoke, Steve decided to try it.
Tony nudged Steve to lie on his stomach and he went easily, trusting Tony. “What are you doing?” he asked when Tony didn't come to lie beside him.
“And anyway, we have a lot of things to talk about,” Steve pointed out, thinking about their somewhat antagonistic past.
The ride home was excruciatingly awkward. As the only two Avengers at the gala, they had taken one of Tony's cars together.
God it would be so much easier if he could just talk to Tony. Wasn't that a thought, to be able to communicate with your
God. Steve had seen it coming. Had sort of anticipated it before, and had even thought of ways to duck. But in the moment, well, he hadn't felt bad for Storm exactly, since honestly, Steve really was the lonely and sad one, but he had thought that he kind of owed it to Storm. Who had taken him to a date and said that he had to be something special – and after eating well and driving around with the bike Steve had been kind of content for a second there.
Steve heard a choked off laugh from behind him. Clint, since the sound was male. Bruce wouldn't find this that funny, Thor didn't choke off his laughs and Tony still had his helmet on.
”What the hell does it matter to you?!” Steve almost yelled, because good God Tony drove him crazy like no one else.
Having sex had relieved some of the tension between them, but things weren't any sort of easy yet. They had started the whole relationship backwards, deciding to be together before really being together, so all rules and limits were still to be tested. Steve had no idea what was okay and what wasn't.
It was impossible not think about how it would feel if they were exactly like this, only with Tony riding him, his cock buried deep inside.
Tony was gone for a business meeting and Steve had just got a text from Johnny, asking him to hang out.
“I thought my life wasn't supposed to matter to you! But it seems like I'm missing something big here, because you make no sense!” Steve yelled.
, which Steve had not only expected but actually waited for. But then, Jesus, every once in a while Steve would catch him staring with such blatant desire that his mouth went dry.
He was down to his boxers and hesitated, but Storm's lips were parted and his eyes were dark and he was staring with his hand pressing against his erection, so Steve just went for it.
“You – I didn't hurt you, did I? I only thought about it in the bath, what with your semi poking me, that it was a bit rough and while not in your league, I'm not exactly small.“
Right. Steve had meant it as an invitation, but since it seemed that Tony would rather go to his workshop, he didn't say anything else.
Then suddenly Storm groaned and Steve could feel his cock pulsing in his hand, getting his grip wet with semen.
Also it made him a bit uncomfortable to think about going to meet Tony down at the lab after seeing Johnny. Which was stupid, he thought, because he didn't actually have anything going on with Tony. But still, it felt almost like cheating.
They had moved to the sofa and Storm had put the TV on. Steve wasn't at all interested in the show, and he didn't think Storm was either. Steve had already finished his drink, but wasn't going to make the first move.
Huh. Steve checked the time and saw Tony had sent it after three am. The second message, sent an hour later, got Steve's heart to beat a bit faster.
“Please,” he moaned as his hips jerked at the intense thought. Tony seemed to understand his need, because he slipped his hand into Steve's boxers and took him into his hand.
So, in the end it meant that he masturbated at least every morning and night, sometimes twice in a row.
Tony's facial expression tightened notably. “I see.” And Steve really didn't understand what Tony's problem was. Even if he'd been in any position to give an opinion about Steve's choice of partners, he was a self proclaimed
Steve felt that he had far too many clothes on still, but to get his shirt off would have required him to release Tony's cock and that thought was almost unthinkable just then. He tugged Tony down by his neck for another kiss, missing already the scratch of Tony's goatee against his face. He  fantasized about feeling it everywhere on his body.
Because even with it being Storm – who wasn't that obnoxious once you got used to him – Steve hadn't minded being physically close to someone. It sounded a bit pathetic really, but well. Maybe he was.
”It's also somewhat because, and it hurts me to say it, you're even better looking than me. Not hotter, though, but better looking. And some of it is the Captain America thing.”
Johnny moaned and pulled Steve's hips backwards, guiding him on his knees so he could get his arm around him and grip his cock.
Steve put the shield in place on his back and stepped closer to Tony. He had never flown any longer distances with Tony and didn't know how to proceed. Before, he had just taken Tony's hand and gotten a quick lift to where ever he was needed, but it wouldn't do now.
“Hey!” Tony exclaimed. “That's just no. I have nothing to do with that old coot. And neither will Steve. And actually, I'll have you know that we're together
Steve didn't answer that, because what could he say? He was not going to tell anyone about his weird sushi-date with Storm, and 'none of your business' never went well with Tony.
And then Storm's lips were pressed against his, moving slowly at first, coaxing Steve to respond. And it was like it had been on the bike, except they weren't in public, but on Storm's couch, and there was no reason to stop.
“Weirdly enough, it gives me a sense of security that you dress and comb your hair like that, that you don't make profiles on dating sites and don't watch reality TV.”
While it was possible that Tony had just decided that he felt like partying, Steve thought it safe to assume that he had found out about him going to Johnny's and was getting upset about it.
Steve's hands went to Storm's ass, because it felt like the thing to do and anyway, Storm had a really nice ass. Storm seemed to approve since he rolled his hips against Steve's then and well. Wow. It was an incredibly good feeling to kiss someone while they were pressed against you like that.
Tony wasn't done, though. “You said in the car that you won't give up on me. I'm not doing that either. And if it wasn't clear already, I'm almost nauseatingly in love with you. Pathetic, really.”
Steve was having the bullet removed from his shoulder. He wasn't given any local anesthetics, since they didn't really work on him. The only way to not feel pain during operations was being put to sleep, but he always vetoed that unless absolutely necessary.
And while he wouldn't hurry things along just because he wanted sex, it was driving him crazy just how much he wanted it. He tried to remind himself that he had lived well into his twenties without it, and it wouldn't kill him to wait however long it took.
He had a fleeting thought about Tony and what he would say, if he knew. He remembered insisting that he had no interest in Storm, no intentions towards him. Funny how that had turned out.
Storm moved his hand and head in sync, applying delicious wet heat and suction. Steve glanced at Storm and seeing him doing it was what it took. ”Storm,” he breathed to warn the guy and Storm took his mouth away, jerking him to a quick completion.
Steve cleared his throat. “I think Clint is shocked because he just learned about our relationship and I'm just embarrassed.”
“Okay, Tony,” Steve said and smiled. While he wasn't ready to talk about love himself, he didn't mind Tony saying it to him. Quite the opposite.
after cutting my business meeting short to get to – back here. So I don't know, what am I supposed to think?”
Of course he'd never cheat – and to be honest, he wasn't even slightly tempted – but he couldn't deny the tension between them.
He pulled out then and went to the bathroom to throw the condom away and clean up a bit. Steve lay on top of his own come on the bed and decided that he was comfortable enough. At least Tony couldn't get the wrong idea and go to the workshop or something if Steve stayed on
But he hadn't actually said that he wanted anything from Steve. Or even acted more nicely towards him.
Giving Tony a quick look  for consent (and getting it), Steve eased Tony out of his underpants. Feeling almost remorseful that he couldn't quite reach to take it into his mouth, he wrapped his hand around Tony's cock.
“I know,” Tony interrupted him. “I know, okay. And it's hard and awkward and not going that well, and, I don't know, maybe you feel I'm too old for you, or something, but – but don't give up on me yet. I'm trying and I'll try harder, but don't. Not yet.”
Well sure, the fire thing was almost on par with the Iron Man suit in impressiveness, and then there was the slightly weird experience of someone looking uncannily like you, but at the end of the day Storm seemed to be just another jerk.
The thought came to Steve that perhaps Tony had been drunk the times he'd texted and was now regretting them.
“But it's fine if you don't want to. I mean, it's not necessarily comfortable. Not everybody likes it.”
With an uncomfortable feeling, Steve turned to look where he'd last seen Tony and saw that Sue was right. Johnny was saying something to Tony, smiling widely. Tony didn't seem to be in as good a mood.
Tony looked really pissed off, which Steve couldn't comprehend at all. If anything, he should have been the angry one.
“I don't know. For a while. Not that you can't be annoying, but some of my more unprovoked sniping might have been because I was angry at you for making me feel like Pepper wasn't enough,” Tony said, smiling hollowly.
“Okay,” Steve said even though Tony had completely missed the point. Which was that he couldn't use any normal underwear under the suit pants. He usually had a jockstrap, anyway, for obvious reasons. But the boxers he now had on just wouldn't fit.
“Well. I wouldn't really mind, but the condom must be uncomfortable,” Steve said after trying to find the right words for a moment.
Sure, he wasn't much better himself these days, but he started to wonder if things wouldn't be easier relationship-wise if he still had his pre-serum form. While neither Johnny nor Tony probably would have looked at him twice if not for this body, at least he wouldn't have had to worry that Tony mistook his physical attraction for something else.
”I don't think so. JARVIS, bring forth any video material you can get to about Cap here in the last few hours, anything where he's with someone.”
. As in not seeing other people. Ever again. Because we're in love. And will get married. And I will stop there before Steve dies.”
Steve couldn't yet do anything physically straining with his left arm, so training was out of the question. Steve eyed his sketch book and sighed. He was too wired for that.
Johnny flashed him a brilliant smile. “Don't worry, the thought of having my cock in Captain America's mouth is almost enough in itself to make me come.”
They were standing next to the bed, Tony shirtless and both without their shoes, a  feeling of excitement and anticipation lacing through Steve.
After a heated kiss and somefumbling to get condoms and lubrication, Steve found himself on his hands and knees, Tony behind him, putting his fingers inside him.
“Point,” Johnny laughed. Then he grew silent before giving Steve a lewd smile. “You wouldn't be up for another kind of blowing?”
And funny how even though Steve was extremely aroused himself, for a second his most pressing feeling was that of accomplishment.
But anyway, he had sneaked out and Storm had been waiting and they'd stopped to pick up pizza on their way. They had decided to watch a WWII movie, and Steve had been somewhat apprehensive about it at first, but told Johnny that it was alright. While it felt wrong for him to see the war as entertainment – especially after he had learned about the scale of the genocide, about the concentration camps – he understood that it was important to the people who hadn't experienced it themselves to not forget about it.
”Not that I'm actually interested in Storm, but wasn't it you who said something about me needing to get laid and who gave my number to Storm?”
“Oh,” he said and felt his cheeks heat up. Was it weird that he felt embarrassed and bashful now, after what they'd done?
Steve wanted to repeat, feeling somewhat surprised. “You mean, you've never done it before?” he asked, trying to sound normal.
Still a bit paranoid he glanced around if anyone was staring, then threw his other leg over the bike and sat behind Storm. The back bag guaranteed that he didn't have to sit that close to the other man.
Steve had thought about how to say it for a long time, feeling the short note was impersonal and rude. But everything else had sounded like he was breaking up with Johnny.
, at least try it, in theory. He was curious, and if the guy bottoming on the screen experienced even half the enjoyment he was broadcasting it was worth a try. But he thought it was more intimate than sucking someone's cock and required more trust. And if Johnny just wanted to fuck
“Not really, I guess. I don't think we need to go on dates since we live together already, but we should do stuff together just to see if we can actually stand being around each other for longer periods of time.”
“I am conflicted about my feelings towards that suit,” Tony said when Steve was fastening the top piece.
after Steve started to rub Tony's hard-on with the hand that wasn't holding Tony down. Make that every single thought for two hours.
Steve woke up to the sound of his phone. It was close to nine o' clock in the evening. He had slept most of the day.
Steve was taking the elevator to Tony's workshop. He was still a bit damp from his shower and hoped Tony wouldn't guess where he'd been and what he'd been doing.
Apparently they had dozed off, Steve realized some time later upon waking up. He was cold–and no wonder–since they were naked on top of the covers. He looked at a still sleeping Storm –well, Johnny– and tried to come up with what to do.
The next minute and a half, Steve was sure, were some of the best of his life so far, being able to forget everything but the rough, fast slide of Tony in and out of him.
Steve couldn't quite say anything, but the way he lifted his hips demandingly against Johnny was probably answer enough.
Johnny complied, picking up pace with his hand, pressing his lips against any bit of skin he could get to. “God, you'd take it so hard, wouldn't you?” He whispered against Steve's neck.
Storm just gave him this look, like he knew better. Steve decided to leave it there. Which was easy since the food came then.
So apparently Bruce knew about his thing with Johnny. And Tony was jealous? It certainly explained his behavior, but really?
“Apology accepted, by the way,” Steve said, his back towards Tony while he was making himself a sandwich.
And then he started to think that would a relationship with Johnny Storm be that bad? They weren't identical – Steve didn't think of himself when he looked at him – so that wasn't really a problem. Storm was a horrible flirt, but Bucky had been a horrible flirt and Steve had carried a torch for him for ages. He didn't know the man well enough to say much else. He was attractive and was a good guy and kissing him had felt quite nice.
Steve moved to the other side of Storm, not really wanting to lose the full-body contact, but hoping that maybe Storm would quicker notice his need.
But there was nothing to really do about it. Johnny was his only friend or something like it outside the team and he didn't want to let that go.
They hadn't said anything for a while and Steve considered asking about their relationship status, wanting to be sure what was going on before he got too distracted.
Steve smiled. “That won't be a problem.” Forgetting to eat wasn't really something that happened to him.
Tony moved closer on his lap and pressed their cocks together. Groaning into Tony's mouth, Steve adjusted his grip to cover them both. It was burning hot and slick with both of their precome and just so
Steve couldn't keep his hands away, trying to feel up every inch of Tony's body, and couldn't stop himself from opening Tony's shirt, ignoring all thoughts about going slow. It wasn't like he could have forgotten that he was with
Steve pulled Tony tightly against him and started to explore his neck, barely noticing when Tony pulled off his tie and pushed his jacket from his shoulders.
Quarter to seven Steve was outside the tower waiting. He really didn't want anyone else to know about their date or at least not to be there at any point of it.
His hair was slightly damp, Steve noticed. And now that he thought about it, and how Storm had smelled when Steve had come inside, it was obvious that he had very recently showered, shaved and washed his teeth. And he had a nice button down shirt and snug black jeans on.
Steve was afraid of what Johnny might have said, but knew that he had to ask. They had been sort of okay when they had left for the gala earlier on. Tony had stared at him like
“You are completely ridiculous,” he said, but decided it wasn't enough, so he rolled to his back and pulled Tony against him just to roll them over again, trapping Tony underneath him. Feeling a bit cold without Tony's attention to his back, he pulled the bed cover over them.
“That's – really nice of you. Thanks,” Steve said. And it was nice. His gear was mostly SHIELD-made, so having Tony on it was unusual.
Keeping his hand around the shaft like Johnny had done Steve took the end into his mouth, tasting it with his tongue. He moved his mouth down until his lips touched his hand, then slowly did it again.
Steve was startled out of his thoughts by a voice belonging to a young woman. Turning around, he realized it was not just any woman, but one of the Fantastic Four,
Steve slowed his ministrations down to a complete stop and even put the sponge away. He wondered if he was maybe too touchy-feely or something, if this wasn't appropriate, if men didn't – if Tony didn't like touching outside of a sexual context. He could deal, he supposed, but he was, maybe, a bit starved for physical affection. He had never really had any except for Bucky's one armed hugs and elbows to the ribs and nobody touched him now outside of sparring or more lately, sex.
Steve dared a look around and saw Tony being very unimpressed by his silent audience and Clint watching the TV with his eyes as big as saucers.
”No, I'll be too embarrassed because I can't work the chopsticks to concentrate on how the food tastes.”
“That's the second time you've been away overnight,” Clint said. “You have to tell something about her – we don't have lives, we want to live through yours.”
Steve huffed. “I'm just wondering if I can wait till we get to your bedroom or if I should just ravish you right here.”
Dear God, he wanted to comment on the drinking, but reigned himself in at the last moment. Now was not the time to piss Tony off.
“That depends on whether or not your arrow will be pointing at me,” Steve answered as the elevator came to a stop.
But well, that had been when he had been in love with Bucky. Not that they would have ever done anything like it, since Bucky hadn't liked men and Steve wouldn't have ever told him anyway.
“What, rimming?” Johnny asked. And of course there was a word for it, Steve thought dryly. “Not really. I've never actually done it, but it's pretty basic stuff in gay porn.”
”Not alone, I hope. If you want to go clubbing or something, you do know you can invite us?” Clint said.
Well, to be honest, Steve actually was, a bit. Not like he thought he had any say as to how people should live their lives. Even though he rationalized that it was perfectly fine to sleep around as much as you wanted if you didn't lead your partners on, he couldn't quite smother down the feeling of disapproval. But he could ignore it. And that wasn't it, anyway.
They didn't use any stitches, since the wound wasn't very large and he would heal so quickly. He couldn't put his suit jacket back on since it was ruined, so they brought him a SHIELD issue undershirt and hoodie.
“At what?” Steve asked, because while he didn't mean to be so dense and difficult, he wanted one straight answer. To just know what the hell was going on. Was Tony just attracted to him or –
And it just got better, until they were rutting together and Steve wondered why had he thought he wouldn't want to have sex with a fit, good-looking man. Sure, Storm mostly wanted him because of his superhero persona, but at least he was honest about it. And, well, here Steve was reciprocating quite enthusiastically because Storm was attractive and he was lonely.
Steve was trying to find anything else to think about, but his mind kept returning to Sam, Wanda and Bucky. No matter where he was or how hard he tried, his mind would always wonder back to that any in Wakanda.
“That may well be the case, but the truth is it matters not. Here or not he would have vanished either way. You may still have people you care about on Earth. Your Pepper person. You at least owe it to her to try to get back home.”
Tony crouched down beside him. The man was a mess. Steve was rocking back and forth in a sweaty trembling mess.
“Umm, hi. My name is Jenny. Umm… since that day, all I have left is my 7-year-old brother, Danny. In the last 2 months my life has been turned upside down. I had just graduated from University, making plans for the fall. All happy go lucky and innocent. But then, I lost my parents, my friends, I lost my entire life in one day.” She sighed as a tear fell from her eye. The entire room was silent, all except for a soft scuffling sound at the back of the room. But no one was paying attention to that. “I just feel so alone. Danny is all I have left, but he is only 7. He doesn’t understand what has happened. He cries every night for our parents, and it breaks my heart as I can’t explain to him why they have gone. That’s the worst part. The not knowing, none of us know what even caused this. How am I meant to tell a 7-year-old that our parents…?" She was unable to finish her sentence.
Thor stared at the hostile raccoon. “Fine then, its just me” and just like that Thor left the building. The remaining avengers could hear him summoning the Bifrost with Stormbreaker and was gone without another word.
“Tony, you’re going to have to speak to him. You may as well get it over and done with.” Rhodey pleaded.
“So, are you really ready to give up?” Nebula questioned, “are you not even going to try to fight to get your kid back?”
He quickly realised no one cared anymore that he was a war criminal. Everyone was focused on banding together to help rebuild the community. It surprised Steve how in a time of universal crisis most of humanity were easily willing to unite and help each other out. Strangers where offering shelter to anyone who needed it. Food banks were set up in city centers, He even saw a few notices about support groups for anyone who wanted to talk through what had happened. Most people he met during his rounds of the city encouraged him to go saying it was a big help in progressing what had happened. Steve at first had been hesitant to go, but after relentless nightmares about Wakanda he caved and decided to give it a go.
“…No. That’s. This is utter bullshit!” Rocket yelled. “You out of all people survived and my friends, Gamora, Groot don’t? Thor was right, Thanos has to be killed” He called as he began to walk away.
“I’m done waiting around for someone to come up with a plan. I’m going to find him and kill him. Anyone else is welcome to join me. Come on Rabbit lets go.”
“Mr Stark, I’m so glad you chose to take Miss Romanoff’s advice and join us.” This statement shocked Steve further. Suggesting to Tony to go to a support group is the last thing Natasha would say. Her idea of working through issues was shooting targets, she had told him this herself many times over the past few years. Then it dawned on him what she must have been up to. She must have asked a few people or even planted people to suggest the group to Steve, then knowing he was going to be there, suggested the same idea to Tony. He smiled to himself. What a sneaky little minx, he thought.
“Oh my god Tony, you’re both as stubborn as each other. You both need your heads bashed together.” Rhodey growled
“I’m not giving up, you know me better than that. It’s just… Thor was right. Staying here will not help anyone. Being here, it brings up a lot of memories. Painful memories. I… I can’t…” He sighed. “There are millions who need help out there, I have to at least try to give some sort of help to them.”
“I know Steve, that’s just who you are, and I respect that. But I don’t like the idea of you being out there on your own. Remember you’re still a war criminal.”
“Oh my god Tony. You’re going to be okay now you’re back home” Rhodey told he best friend with relief. He had never expected to see Tony ever again. He took hold of one shoulder while Bruce relieved Nebula of the other.
Tony felt a huge wave of relief flush over him. He let go of his breath which he hadn’t noticed he was holding. She was alive, he had another chance to see her again. Nothing else mattered to him anymore, all he cared about was that Pepper survived.
Rocket hesitated. “I may have lost all of my friends but there is no way I am going on a suicide trip, but if you want to go, be my guest. I’ll see you in the next life.”
The hospital doors swung open. Tony could tell who it was from the quickened footsteps. His heart gave a leap of joy when he saw her.
Tony could feel his tears welling up again. The memory and pain of Peter was still fresh. Having to hold the kid and watch him beg him to help him. Being unable to do anything but watch him fade in his arms. He blamed himself. If he hadn’t recruited Peter back then in Germany, he might not have had to go like that. He could have been next to his Aunt or friends. Anywhere else would have been better than on a foreign planet surrounded by the destruction from the battle against Thanos.
Cecilia began to offer Jenny words on support and encouragement. But Steve wasn’t listening. He realised how much of a mistake it was coming here. How could he sit there and listen to the people stories, when fully knowing he was part of the reason the world was in this situation? He couldn’t give a logical reason for why the disaster had occur without sounding like a lunatic. He figured the least he could do what try. Try and explain.
It had been another sleepless night for the Avengers. Scott had returned earlier the next day after finding a pile of dust in his daughters’ bedroom. Everyone was still so lost and had no idea what to do.
“Oh, I don’t believe this!” Steve mumbled “You’re blaming all this on me? You know Tony you can be so selfish sometimes!”
There has been so much Marvel information released this month: Captain Marvel + Post Credit Scene, Avengers Endgame trailer... All I have wanted to do is to keep adding to this. However, of course College decides this is the perfect time to dump a whole load of assignments on us.
It did not take long for everyone to find an empty seat. Steve noticed there were a fair few empty seats.
“It’s a good thing I did or else you would have found yourself in the RAFT within the first week of being on the run.”
“No, No its fine. I understand what you meant” Steve answered despite inside he was feeling the guilt weigh down on him. Steve did blame himself for the snap. He would often think about how he could have done more. How he should have done more.
"Bruce said he went up chasing after the spaceship that attacked New York. If he survived the... the snap then he'll be working on a way to contact us from whatever ship or planet he ended up on."
“Ok, I’m going to tell you something I should have told the team way back during Sokvokia.” Steve glanced towards Tony.
She could see Steve sitting outside deep in thought. That is all any of the Avengers did now. Thinking and grieving for those who vanished into dust in front of their very eyes. It had been a week since Thanos snapped half of the universe out of existence. The world was in complete chaos. Families had been separated, Children became orphans, Crime had increased, not to mention millions more were dying as a result of the immediate aftermath of the snap. The general atmosphere was still panic. No one knew what to do next. Not even the Avengers.
“Of course, what have you been waiting for? Let the others know” Steve yelled back. He turned to Nat, “Lets go” he simply said still unsure what to make of the familiar face that had arrived.
“I even overheard him telling Nat that he might move out of the facility and into the city.” Bruce argued
“I warned you guys aliens will stroll back on to the planet, but you all said I was crazy. Now look what’s happened.”
Nebula just nodded her head, not wishing to engage in the conversation. But then Pepper got up, went over to her and gave her a hug. Tony had to hold back a laugh with all his might after watching Nebula’s disgusted and uncomfortable face at the kind gesture.
Steve froze. He knew who it was instantly. He must have been so lost in his thoughts that he hadn’t even noticed anybody was sitting out there. He didn’t know what to do or even say. He was lost for words. He slowly turned to face the man he was avoiding. He didn’t look all to bad considering not too long ago he was on the brink of death.
Tony saw the apprehension in Rhodey’s face as she said this, he turned to Tony, unsure whether she was a threat or not. Tony gave a small nod to Rhodey, informing him that she wasn’t a threat.
“No! Its my fault, It’s all my fault. You were right, I broke up the Avengers. I’m the reason we are all separated when we needed to unite. It’s my fault that half my friends were on the lam. You were right. I should have told you about Howard, but instead I clung on to the idea that it was all a lie” Steve sobbed, He clung on to Tony’s arm as if his life depended on it. “I’m sorry Tony, Its my fault, I’m so sorry. Now because of my failure my friends have disintegrated into dust!”
“No, Steve just shut up for a minute.” Steve and Bruce were both taken aback by this. “Bruce, Steve is right, you weren’t there. You left for 2 years. You didn’t even say a word, you were just gone. You don’t get to go all high and mighty on us.
“Have I gone insane, or was that just a talking raccoon?” Tony said startling Nebula. She had forgotten he was there.”
“So, what are you saying? Thanos, his army, it’s all my fault? Because I didn’t let you carry on building Ultron?”
Bruce and Rhodey got Tony to the hospital wing. As soon as they had forced food and water down his throat. He collapsed into a long-needed sleep. Goodness knows he needed one.
“I’m tempted, but I’m going to stick around here a while, shoot some targets, you know. I may even check up on some old associates from Japan”
Something clicked in Scott’s brain “OH MY GOD, YOU ARE THE HULK! I read the reports on your accident. Big fan…”
“Please, come in, there’s plenty of spare seats.” Cecilia encouraged, noticing Tony’s hesitation. He made his way over to an empty chair opposite Steve. The entire time he was eyeing up Steve.
“Tell me how is it luckier to find yourself alone with a blue alien on another planet after watching your entire team fade into nothing? Having to watch an innocent 16-year-old kid beg you to help him but being powerless to save him from vanishing your arms? No one in the entire Universe is lucky anymore.”
Neither of them where prepared for this. For the past two years Steve had been thinking about this moment. He always presumed they would have reunited just before a battle. Tony would have called him for help, he and the secret avengers would have accompanied him, and they would have slowly begun to rekindle the relationship from there. But it never crossed his mind that this is how they would come together again. After such as disastrous defeat.
“I’m not sure. I was floating around in there for a while then suddenly something dragged me around and I woke up on the building top. But Hank, Janet and Hope where gone. Everywhere was quiet. Too quiet. It was like something had gone terribly wrong with the world.
“You’re right Tony, I betrayed both of you. I am sorry for that. But it doesn’t change what I did, and I still stand by it. Bucky is my friend…he is… he was all I had left from 1945. I wasn’t ready to let that go. Steve stopped talking, he could feel the tears and pain welling up again. That was the first time he had said Bucky’s name out loud since that day in Wakanda. The memory of it was all too much. He just had to get out of the compound.
Natasha retold that dreaded day to Scott. As she did so everyone was reminded of everyone they had lost. Steve could see the ignorance fading away in Scott.
Steve stopped yelling back. For the first time on the roof top they both looked straight in the eye of the other.
Tony wasn’t expecting Steve to give up so quickly. “Luckier?” Tony questioned “You’re wrong about that Rogers.” Steve stopped in his tracks.
Steve sensed it was his cue to leave. He wasn’t sure what made him decide today was the day to leave. He had been thinking about doing so for a while now. More accurately ever since Tony got back from space. No one knew all the facts about his hiatus in Space. The only thing Steve knew for certain what that it had changed Tony. He had heard from Rhodey that he was more distant and emptier. He didn’t make as many snarky, sarcastic comments as before. Rhodey described it as ‘a part of him died with him in space’. Whatever had happened to Tony, Steve knew he had a lot to deal with and needed time to recover. He had to at least give him that before trying to speak to him.
There is going to be a proper Stony reunion next chapter, I'm so excited to see how the Russo's pull it of in Endgame.
Cecilia carried on with the meeting. “Yes, well thank you Jenny for sharing, I know how difficult that was for you.” She gave her a small acknowledging nod. “Who would like to share next?”
Nebula nodded, she was quite difficult for Tony to read. She was closed off and distant, yet Tony got the feeling that Thanos played a large part in that.
“I have to at least find Thanos. Half the universe, my people, Heimdall, Loki. They are all gone because of him. I have to make him pay for what he’s done.”
“Oh yes, there isn’t a single person who hasn’t been affected by… by this. The least we can do is offer support to each other.”
Tony gave Steve an expectant look. “Not because of Ultron…” Tony said smarmily. Steve knew Tony was trying to get a rise out of him. It was working, he could feel his own anger boiling.
Steve turned to face Tony. He finally understood the scale of what Tony had to deal with. He knew exactly who he was talking about. Spiderman. He realised how much the kid meant to him and what Rhodey meant when he said a part of Tony died in space. But what Tony described shook Steve to his core. He wouldn’t wish that fate for anyone. A small tear leaked out of the corner of Steve’s eye.
They all had gathered in the lobby 5 minutes later. Steve and Natasha had entered to hear Scott’s confused and panicky voice.
He was in love with the super soldier and like a punch, to his gut, he didn’t know how to react to the sudden wave of powerful emotion washing through him.
Steve leaned down, hand landing in a sharp smack across Tony’s ass once more before he massaged the pink flesh, pulled back and smacked hard in three rapid successions. Each one caused the most delicious sounds to fall from Tony’s lips to bleed their way into Steve’s ears and down to his cock. He could barely focus as he smack him one more time, watching him fight against a squirm and his ass getting so damn red Steve wanted to kiss it.
Just a press of lips, Tony’s to Steve but just that simple press made a fire rage inside of the super soldier as his body melted under Tony’s lips and the other man gratefully reached for Steve’s face and cup it between his hands, palms resting against day old stubble, before sliding back to entangle themselves in Steve’s hair. Tony licked his bottom lip a small tentative question asking if he was allowed and moan escaped Steve who opened his mouth and tasted Tony for the first time. Mind somehow committing to memory the taste of coffee, spearmint and motor oil that felt so right it made his body ache. He leaned forwards, slanting his mouth against the other man’s as his arms wound around Tony’s waist and pulled him up, balancing himself enough to brace the other man on his lap so he could hold him. He could touch him. He could feel the tears splashing against his cheeks as Tony trembled around him. Tears running freely from his closed eyes and Steve chose to kiss those away listening to the hiccuping gasps of the other man as he kissed across his eye lids, his cheeks and jaw and back up to his lips where he tried to tell Tony it was all okay.
“He’ll take care of you.” He heard Steve promise before Tony’s lips ghosting across Bucky’s throat, nipping down at his collarbone, tongue tracing the seam where flesh and metal met, sending shivers down Bucky’s spine. He could feel Steve’s hands on his legs holding him in place repeating over and over that it would be okay, that Tony had him, Tony would make everything better, all Bucky had to do was try to relax.
Neither said anything further just tangled themselves closer together, lips touching every so often as one or the other drifted off to sleep only to pull back to the surface searching for their counterpart. To Steve this was home. Tony in his arms, dark had resting against his chest with those worn hands curled around his waist. To Tony this was a safe place, somewhere he felt he could escape to with no fear of someone tearing it all apart. Steve was stable, Steve was strong and the vice like grip around him kept him balanced.
“Are you okay?” Steve waved his hand in front of Tony’s face. Things had been going fine, more than fine, they had been going really well all morning, so why was Tony acting as if he had something he needed to get off his chest. Why was he being so fidgety-
Steve watched Tony carefully as his eyes examined the damage, a small smile tugging his lips up before he turned back to Steve and shrugged, “Her perfume never lingered,” Tony said quietly.
“Hey Buck,” Tony sang when he turned around from the stove, the pan of eggs in his hands and a smile that made him look even younger than he already does tugging up his lips, “Breakfast?”
“Harder, Steve,” He needed it. Needed to be fucked over ten ways from Sunday until he was nothing left but a withering mess.
He hadn’t said a word since they climbed into the truck, his jaw twitching as Steve rambled on about Tony trying to make him understand that this wasn’t just some, some guy he barely knew. That Tony was something special to him, Tony made him feel wanted, Tony, made him feel appreciated, Tony never made him feel like he wasn’t good enough or that he was a shadow.
“Most people call me Tony or even Stark will do but if you really want-” Steve slammed his mouth against his boyfriend’s ultimately silencing the neverending babble that falls from the genius lips. Their teeth clash together almost painfully but soon a rhythm builds that leaves them fighting for dominance and pushing against each other until Tony breaks and lets his soldier pull him tight against his chest, left hand slipping down to cup Tony’s ass and spread his cheeks. The thumb he had so teasingly wetted slips against his hole and the smaller man gasps into his lover’s mouth.
He pulls out to let Steve whimper a please and he can barely contain the shiver that spreads over me as he slides down Steve’s body and captures his lips with his owns. Steve keeps his legs spread so Tony can press his head into Steve’s tight heat, capturing the hiss that escapes him with his tongue.
He would always do something with his hands, never once sitting or standing still, legs always bouncing, fingers always moving, and sometimes he’d have two to three screwdrivers on him at one time. The first time Steve ever saw Tony outside of the coffee shop they met or the library he was carrying a very heavy looking briefcase, a screwdriver tucked between his fingers, a coffee cup pressed to his chin with a different screwdriver tucked behind his ear. He had smiled at Steve, coffee-colored eyes flashing as he bounded towards him, already going off about this project he was working on with a lab partner named Bruce.
Steve groans around him and Tony watches beads of pre-come smear across Steve’s stomach as he adds a third finger to his hole and pumps faster into himself.
Fist resting against the glass he bent his head down took a steadying breathe before lifting his fist once more only to drop it again and sigh in defeat. This time he leaned his head forward to feel the cool surface against his forehead mentally chastising himself for not being able to simply knock. Just knock that's all you have to do. Actually, he didn’t even have to knock he could have asked JARVIS to announce his presence and walk in without so much as an “Access Approved.” he’d done it countless of times before.
Steve halted though, pulling whines from deep inside Tony that begged for him to move, “Last I checked, Stark,” He punctuated his words by thrusting deeply intp Tony, “I’m the Captain here and I give the order,” Reaching down he grabbed a handful of hair and yanked Tony up and back to match his thrusts. He cried out, body shaking against the new angle that pressed right against his prostate. Steve pounded into him, harder and harder as he bounced Tony up and down over his dick, he could feel his balls tightening beneath his lover, the wasy Tony moaned and moved over him shot sparks into his dick that ignited the world.
“Silence,” Tony hold up his free hand, “Steve, we’ve-well-we’ve been through a lot and we’ve done a lot and a lot of shit has happened to us and somehow we always ended back on our feet no matter how hard we fell and we always ended up at each others side. My-my whole life I’ve only ever trusted a select number of people, Rhodey, Pepper, Happy-Jarvis-” He pauses for a second, “And you.”
He'd only known Tony for about six months when the younger man kissed him, just a soft one that made Steve’s cheeks burn and he wasn’t even sure it had happened until he felt the slight turn of Tony’s head.
Those blue eyes are blown wide, swollen lips parted as his chest rises and falls and God looking at Steve all blissed out is the single most beautiful thing in the world.
Feeling a little too floaty Tony climbed into the middle of the bed, dropped down to his chest and buried his face into the down pillows paying attention to every movement of Steve behind him. The way Steve’s hand slid up his calf, over his thigh to settle at hip and dig into the skin as if just the sheer sight of Tony bent over and willing was enough for him.
He waited patiently. He was always so patient with me. I smiled, reaching for his fingers. They were wedged in the sand and so, I held them in mine. Perhaps I should’ve said it then but instead, I squeezed his hand. I was hoping he would understand all the things I felt and all the words I couldn’t say.
Well, none of that was possible. The woman he thought he was going to marry married his best friend. They bought a house together. They raised children and were now helping to raise grandchildren. Steve wanted to hate him for living out his dream, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t hate Gail and he couldn’t hate Bucky.
He had accepted he and his father would never agree on matters. But he had also argued with his mother, and he never argued with his mother. Often, they saw eye-to-eye. Howard hated how much Tony reminded him of himself until he spoke, and when he spoke, he sounded like Maria.
After their breakup, he took an extended leave of absence. Gossip magazines published all sorts of outrageous lies about her, about their relationship. It wasn’t fair to her. She had been a tremendous partner. He had been the one to let her down. Gossip magazines aren’t known for their nuance though. They dragged her through the mud.
This workshop was still unfamiliar to him. Though he spent most of his time here, it wasn’t home. Not the way the others had been. In due time, that would change. He knew. He wasn’t worried. It always took time to get used to working in a new lab, even one designed to his specifications.
It was dark now and we were alone. It occurred to me then that I had never asked about his mother or about his homeland. I didn't even know his name before he came into my home.
They sat in companionable silence for some time. Tony had more questions and he knew Steve did too. He wasn’t sure he could answer them all.
And so, he spent his time in the workshop, freely giving into his whims — he could read or design or sleep. Here, he could be unguarded. It was the one part of the spaceship he hadn’t let anyone else design or redesign. He had left his Malibu mansion, all his armors, and all his cars to Jim. Without Jim, Tony would’ve died in the desert many, many moons ago. And he wanted to leave his friend the things he knew he’d appreciate: a beach-front home and all the luxury sports cars he could ever want to drive. But he also entrusted Jim with his legacy, that of Iron Man. Most days, Tony didn’t think he was the best choice for Iron Man, but he wouldn’t let anyone else do it, saved for Jim.
Steve let him cry while he tidied. When he finished, he came back to Tony, who was no longer lying on the floor, but sitting with his legs crossed. His chest was exposed. Steve had seen Tony strutting around, half naked before, but this time, it was different. He was… Vulnerable, exposed.
Jim had offered Tony a place to stay for the holidays. Jarvis spent the holidays with his extended family and Tony, who had planned on spending the holidays with his parents, wasn’t looking forward to being alone. He had never loved the mansion, but now it was devoid of life. The little life it had.
Tony explained the plan, not that there was much of a plan, seeing as how Tony had barely made it. They made their way through the ship, quickly; undetected. It almost worked.
She’d come to him unsure but determined. Determined to find the answers, determined to do all she could to uncover the truth. Tony knew she was the real deal. She was a go-getter.
He kept the cookbook in one of the drawers for ease of access. He didn’t cook often, but if he did, it was one of these recipes. He flipped through the pages. He thought of making
She wished him luck. He thanked her, though he didn’t believe in luck. He had one try. Only one try to get it right. She was counting on him, they all were. It felt good to be needed. It felt good to be useful. All these years, he had wanted nothing more. He couldn’t fail now. Not again.
She had been the only bright light in his life, but lights that bright were blinding. Was he blinded?
I teased, but I knew the answer. I just wanted to hear him say it. I just wanted to see that crinkle in his eye. I just wanted his lips to form the words so I could treasure them.
I sat up. The sand fell from my head and off my back. He laughed as he brushed the sand out of my hair and off my shoulders. The little that remained didn’t bother me. Nothing bothered me in his presence. I turned to him and pushed his hair back. The golden ringlet framed his face beautifully, but I wanted to see those eyes.
Letting himself experience desire was liberating. He could understand what people felt when they described what it was like to fall head-over-heels for someone. Finally. He had denied himself so long.
Nevertheless, the Fates had already decided and by now, it was much too late. I was already in love.
JOCASTA spoke. “Tony, it has been several hours since you last left your dormitory. It would be wise to spend time with your shipmates,” she said. She pulled him from his reverie. His fragmented thoughts left him shaky, or was it the lack of food? When had he last ate? He couldn’t remember, which never boded well.
When stargazing was too much, he devoted himself to reading all the bestsellers he had bought but neglected over the years. He had stacks of books, as well as the numerous magazines and journals to which he had subscribed. Pepper had teased him about it before, noting he should discard the ones that were out of date. Eventually, he did, but the pile would soon grow into a new column.
She had ingratiated herself. She had sought power and he was the perfect conduit. Once she had what she wanted, she had no need for him anymore.
“No sweat. Rescue that Inhuman. No more regen formula, no more adaptoids. High fives all around,” he said, flying through the ship.
Before stepping out, he had poured himself some ginger ale with a splash of bourbon. He was cutting back but hadn’t stopped. He set himself hard limits: he didn’t drink when he was alone, he didn’t drink prior to eating, and he didn’t drink any dark liquors on their own. Hence, the ginger ale.
And moreover, he couldn’t do his job and hers. Jim had teased him, saying he was pickier with assistants than with girlfriends. Tony hadn’t found it funny; the wound was too fresh. Picking at a scab would only make it bleed.
I can't say how long we sat in each other's company reminiscing about the past. I can't say what possessed me to tell him to stay. The slaves' quarters were on the opposite side of the house, but I wanted him near me. Now that I knew how it felt to have him close, I couldn't bear to let him go.
“This is my friend Clint,” Tony turned his attention towards the purple-clad man behind him. He had sandy blonde hair and the most impressive set of biceps Bucky had ever laid eyes on, he too had a beer, only Bucky was sure this wasn’t his first and nowhere near his last.
Bucky raised a brow, “Don’t act so surprised, Barton,” Clint jumped over the counter, one hand holding his weight as his legs kicked into the air, landing with a soft thud. He wrapped Bucky in a hug, squeezing tight and pressing a kiss to his temple before pulling back, leaving one arm wrapped around the man’s shoulders.
He could practically hear Bucky in the back of his head, leaning against him, a cigarette dangling from his lips. His application for the Army dangling from his fingers still unsigned and still a twisted knife embedded in Steve’s chest.
Enjoy the subtle ways Tony would submit to him but he wasn't comfortable with the idea of controlling Tony. Not unless he knew that's what his lover wanted and or needed him to take control.
He pressed his lips together waiting for Tony to continue, “She’s perfect in every sense of the word. She saved me when I didn’t even care to be saved and she kept saving me, Cap, she kept pulling up from the depth as I clung to the last gulp of air I had left. She was my life preserver for so long that I couldn’t keep myself from loving her,” He pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes and Steve watched his shoulders shake with silent tears. Without thinking the soldier leaned forward and touched Tony’s knee causing the man to jerk upright and look into Steve’s eyes.
“Peachy, Cap,” He waved a hand through the air sounding like the real Tony for about 2.5 seconds before a strange bitter chuckle escaped him. “Whats up? Is the coffee maker on the fritz? Someone need an upgrade to their weaponry again? The city being burnt down by overgrown teddy bears on a warpath?” Steve could hear the forced humor behind his friends words.
“Steve,” He pulled back for a moment but saw the look of panic across the other man’s face and shivered giving in to the urge and tugging his arms back enough to pull his shirt off and haphazardly discard it.
“Hey,” He leaned forward and kissed Steve softly as if Steve were the one who just fucked himself over Tony.
“How are things?” He managed to say. His voice steady even as Tony’s brown eyes raised to his and that empty pit in his stomach deepened.
Steve’s arm came around his waist, fingers reaching for the soap in Tony’s hand, “Hey,” he pressed a kiss into Tony’s shoulder blade.
Continuing his job was becoming rather difficult as he reached Steve’s hips and had to ignore how hard the other man was and God was he hard. In all of Tony’s many sexcapades, he saw some beautiful men and women splayed out before him as an offering. He touched the skin of some of the world’s most beautiful models. Pepper had been gorgeous, still is gorgeous, and he had buried himself in the depth of her beauty but none of them could rival with the architecture that is Steve Roger’s cock. It was definitely proportional to the man’s body thick, veiny and curved at just the right angle to slide against Tony’s throat in such delicious ways. If he could make a religion out of Steve’s cock he would.
He almost buckles over him when Steve’s tongue slide across his slit, “Good, so fucking good for me Steve,” He moans as he fucks himself into Steve’s mouth.
Steve rolled his eyes, “Get to the moseying part, Stark,” Their hands were still tight around one another every once and awhile Steve would rub circle into the top of Tony’s hand with his thumb and Tony would quickly pull his hand to his lips before letting them fall between them once more. Somewhere along the way they strayed off the normal path and started walking along the edge of Central Park, the wind had picked up a little and you could really start to feel the nip from the November air around them.
“You’re so damn tight, “ Steve murmured circling his finger around his hole, his eyes scanning for the lube he had tucked beneath the pillow. He clicked the bottle open squeezing the cold liquid onto his fingers before slipping a second on in and not even hesitating to scissor the billionaire open and pull that fucking gorgeous sound out of him, “You’re so wanting, Baby, so needy for my fingers you want to rock back and fuck yourself against them, don’t you?”
“I love you,” He said roughly before mouthing at Steve’s erection and earning a delicious moan. He licked over the fabric savoring how wet Steve already was for him before he pulled the fabric away and down Steve’s thighs.
‘You did really well today Mr. Barnes.” The physical therapist smiled up at him. Her green eyes were bright, lovely and if Bucky wanted to, he knew he could make them roll back in her head as he pounded his aggression in her.
Bucky rolled his eyes, “We’re meeting at a karaoke bar, I don’t think I will like anybody,” He watched Steve closely took in the twitch to the blond’s eye as he straightened out his (new) tight blue button-up. When Steve turned his head to look at the clock Bucky felt his stomach twist painfully at the red mark just peeking out from under the collar of his shirt. Jealousy burned through him, cinching his heart until he felt bile burn his throat at the thought of that other man being able to touch Steve in ways Bucky could only imagine.
“May 8th, 2015 time approximately 14:03, “ He saw the glint in Steve’s eyes because Maybe Tony had finally just remembered it and maybe he hates himself right now. The screen showed them on the couch in their apartment area, Steve was cradling Tony’s head in his lap, his fingers tracing over a bruise across his face that took up the entire left side.
“Come on,” In a brave act Tony reached out and grabbed Steve’s hand, earning a gasp to fall from the blue-eyed man’s lips eyes wide but he ignored the thumping fear in his chest that Steve would rip his hand away and pulled him along.
Steve groaned, one hand carding through Tony’s hair as the other one stroked over his chin, “You’re sharp tongue was made to lick me, wasn’t it Stark?” He shoved his cock in deeper, just past Tony’s teeth so that his tongue slid all the way down the shaft and he wanted so badly to pull Steve in, swallow him whole and gag on his cock as the super soldier fuck his face.
“It’ll take some physical therapy, but you are already an excellent candidate and Shuri says she can have it finished with a limited need for recalibrations soon,” Stark told him that last time he went in for a fitting. They had sat in the man’s lab for what felt like hours. A younger woman Stark kept calling ‘Princess’ moving around behind him, complaining about how much better her equipment was to his.
“COMMON ROOM NOW!” He yells. Bruce looks up at Steve who is trying to hide his laughter and simply shrugs as they make their way into the common area and watch Tony pace back and forth in front of the wall they usually project their movies on. His suit jack had been thrown over the back of one of the love seats as he waited for the team to sit in their respective places. The only one not sitting was Steve who was still trying to not laugh until Tony had his proof.
“Set just this level for seventy five, return all other levels to their original temperatures unless otherwise directed,” He drops the towel and kneels on the bed.
Steve took a breath before speaking, “When you, well, uh,” He was no good at this he really wasn’t. He had talked to Bucky a few times about his breakups but Bucky had always just smiled, clapped Steve on the shoulder and told him dames were a dime a dozen. He watched Tony’s shoulder tense quickly, chest huffing with air as if he was ready to yell at Steve until the man left so Steve just turned off the logical part of his brain and let the words fall where they may, “When your baby leaves you alone and you feel like you have noone to talk to, to talk this over with or to just stand there by your side, when you walk into your room an all you smell is her perfume, I know that you feel like breaking down and everyone needs a shoulder to lean on so, go ahead, Tony, cry to me,” He had said so quickly he was afraid the other man hadn’t caught on to what he was saying.
Tony shoots all of them a sharp look, “I tried to be romantic. I proposed to him after telling him I loved him for the first time because I’m all about class but apparently-” He stops and noticed a whole line of raised eyebrows and smirks across his team- “What?”
“Damn, fucking beautiful Tony, fuck, you are so incredible and gorgeous the way you wrap yourself around my cock,” After all this time Tony still manages to blush whenever Steve dirty talks him during sex. Mainly because despite the current situation they are in Steve still manages to be sweet and caring and Tony doesn’t deserve him. He doesn’t mean to, he really doesn’t but he falters a little bit and Steve misses the sudden change in rhythm which causes his cock to slide down Tony’s throat and hit it a little too roughly which nearly causes him to pass out from the pain, but it turns it all off.
Tony hesitates but follows order and is met with Steve’s cock before him again. This time he really takes in the view, the pre-come beading at his slit, how red and hard and throbbing it is just waiting for Tony’s mouth to wrap around it and put it out of its misery. He can practically taste the tangy saltiness that is Steve on his tongue.
He was lying in bed trying to fight off some evil monster with a screeching laugh that sounded like tires spinning on wet pavement. His heart was pounding, and he kept screaming to wake up! Wake up! Dammit, just wake up! When suddenly Steve was there shushing him, rocking him, bare chest pressed against Bucky’s back so he could feel the rise and fall of the other man’s breathing. Slowly the evil monster disappeared and Bucky could breathe for what felt like the first time in forever, all because Steve had come to his rescue.
“The moment it's too much you tap my hip,” He lifts his hand and shows Tony what he means, “If anything, ANYTHING, becomes to much you tap it, okay? I’ll stop, I won’t even hesitate, okay, Sweetheart? I need to hear you say okay,”
“It's more than okay, Cap,” Tony is breathless and wide eyes and so damn gorgeous it makes Steve feel like the world was spinning too fast.
“Here,” Steve reached around and grabbed Tony’s right arm to place his hand across his cheek, “I want you to hold yourself open for me, Gorgeous, can you do that for me?” Steve heard a grunt into the pillow and he laughed. His could feel his boyfriend shaking beneath him and God it had to be the most beautiful thing in the whole world to ever witness, seeing Tony come undone beneath him- he could barely think.
“Hey man,” Clint fist bumped him, “So you’re Bucky? The way Steve talked about you, I expected someone bigger.”
“ I’m gonna fuck you, baby,” Steve warned before removing his hand and barely giving Tony time to whine before he slicked up his cocked and shoved it into Tony’s clenching hole.
