“My building my rules booboo kitty!” Tony smirked leaning over to playfully bite one of the omega’s nipples.
Of course, they had done that privately and settled on being cordial when near the man but not overly friendly. Even seeing how sullen and broken Loki had progressively become over the brief months had been difficult. Clint had been the one to extend the proverbial olive branch when it came to speaking to Loki. That had been a surprise to most.
“Damn it…” Tony snapped the journal shut and lay back on the small bed covering his eyes. “What do I do now?”
“Language” Cap chimed in, cringing after realizing what he just said. Why did that keep slipping out!
“Taking everything into consideration, Living under Stark's roof has not been completely intolerable.” Loki said sipping his tea. His head ached slightly but it had on and off for days. “How is Kurt? He's phoned me a few times but...alas, I have been... detained.”
Bruce sighed and watched the omega make a hasty exit, “Jarvis, will you let me know if Steve needs anything. Even if he’s not asking?”
Looking back a few rows he saw his friend Bruce, it seemed the other young man had noticed something as well and gave him a questioning glance. Tony shrugged and looked back to the pavilion where his grandfather wielded the great spear Gungnir.
A gentle English voice spoke with in Nightcrawler’s mind. He smiled and led the other omega through the halls; obviously the professor had taken a shine to Loki as well.
Images flashed as the AI went silent, although it seemed less like acceptance and more like irritation on Jarvis’s part, if that were possible. However, Tony did not care. He had enough of people telling him how to feel or how to heal his broken heart. He wasn’t like them, no book club or widower’s message board was going to some how fill the hole in his very soul.
“Loki, you are not the man who did all those terrible things.” Steve took Loki's hands between his own.  “My Ma, she went to Mass every week and took me along with her. If there's one thing I learned it's this.  '
Steve found himself whisked away to be poked, prodded and urged to pee. That last one was more than a little awkward.
As it turned out Steve did like it, that was until Tony stood up from their table and asked him to dance.
She was good like that, always taking care of everything...even the hard stuff. Tony just nodded numbly. "I need to be alone."
This is Omega verse, A/B/O Dynamics. So yep, you know what to expect. This will be co-posted to my Ao3/Wattpad. Depending on where you are reading this, the Ao3 version will be more graphic. (means fuckin...just sayin)
One golden eyebrow crept up, “Stark if you’re going to try and lecture me about anything, just don’t.” Steve really thought this was going to be Tony’s way of telling him he shouldn’t have trusted Bucky. That he should not have let his old friend get the better of him because of sentiment. Steve didn’t want to hear that.  Even now, even after everything that had happened he wanted to believe that James Barnes was still in there somewhere.
The owner of the shined leathers tugged at the wrist of his black gloves. Looking out at the able bodies at his disposal, all fodder for the cause. If all these men died it would mean nothing, it never meant anything. Only one thing had meaning and that was complete superiority.
Maria believed in things like that, fairies, angles, and all the good stories that mothers tell their children. She painted wild flowers on the walls and intricate butterflies. Howard can still remember that day coming up from the workshop.
By now, James had made his way across the yard and rubbed his nieces back. “She's been pretty good, don't worry so much Punk. As I recall it there was another squirrelly little blonde I used to have to tell to relax.” He winked.
“Ah…yeah about that, playing hookie actually. I figured if I had to spend time with an old man talking about nothing, it might as well be an interesting old man.”
Cold-hearted children who have learned to hate the world and carry blame like a weapon. Tiny hands clutching onto the bloody daggers of their parents dogma like a security blanket. Never once accepting kindness or knowing empathy, such concepts seen as weakness and weakness could never be tolerated. Minds warped perhaps from the cradle and rose with words of vitriol and touches heavy with malice. Fragile lives molded with hate, there is a reason ill intent exists in this world – it begins in the home.
“This story will end much this way.” She said, their mother ad been at the woman’s side and Frigga’s eyes filled with fear.
Steve doesn't even know he's screaming and banging his fist on the floor breaking up the kitchen tiles with his strength and cutting up his hands. Loki can barely hold the blonde still even with the alien omegas own strength.
With a sharp intake of breath Tony blinked away unshed tears, he needed to get back to work. The others had not been supportive of this new Tony Stark. They said he should step back, take a breath; think of what Steve would have wanted.
The solder had taken a lot of those lately, between guilt and anxiety  - Lust seemed to be a new emotion entering the mix.
The omegas upset did not go unnoticed, Tony could see the white knuckle grip of Steve’s hand and hear the subtle creak of the steel chair‘s arm. “Alright ok that’s enough! This was a fun chat really but a little privacy would be great right about now, as in get the hell out, love you science bro but you need to scoot with Alice in spy land as in yesterday.” Tony was out of his seat and at the door.
Additional when on a vacation one does not expect to get a call to assemble not once but twice. So really, this was Steve’s fault.
In the course of a single night, he managed to construct a cradle that would act as an oxygen chamber to help the little boy breathe. The first of it's kind to be so small but Howard refused to give up. It was inelegant in its design but it worked and that was what mattered. He just needed it to work until his son was strong enough on his own, surly that wouldn't be long? Howard wanted to believe this was all just a temporary pain and soon his son would be a smiling happy baby like Maria had always dreamed of.
The soldier thought about their son, Peter had already lost a family once, now thinking that his father was dead and now his other father angry and distant. That’s not what either man wanted for their child. Steve knew how it felt to grow up without a father; while there was no deny he loved his mother and Sarah had don’t everything to care for and protect him, Steve always felt different. He knew Tony had not had the best upbringing where Howard was concerned and they had both been so adamant about things being better for Peter.
Leaving the filthy roach motel all Stark could think about was, ‘it’s not enough, there are a million sorry sacks just like Beck, just like the men who killed Steve. There is Hydra, the remnants of AIM. It wasn’t enough this… Vigilante justice, Tony was a man who looked at the bigger picture. He couldn’t stop, wouldn’t stop until every last one of them was dead.
“Captain Rogers, are you well?” Jarvis asked again. The poor AI had been trying to rouse Steve for some time now when the Captain’s vitals spiked signifying a nightmare.
Yet, things do not work out as you plan and sometime it is the plan you never saw coming that could change everything.
Steve tried to push up on his elbows only to hiss from the pain in his abdomen, it took Tony all of three seconds to jump up and push him back down. “Not so fast Cap,” the brunette chided
“I am pleased you like it; shall I have a room prepared for you? Although, possibly that is too forward of me, would you like a day to prepare yourself first?” He said already knowing the answer, he’d never force her to lay with him and she knew that. She would have her own chamber near to his and if they never shared a space together then so be it.
Tony turned the envelope over between his fingers, “I’ve seen Steve’s file, you think hacking into SHIELD was hard? I know everyone’s dirty little secrets. I know that Natasha is allergic to cats and Bruce like cotton underpants only, breathable on the boys ya know. I can also spot a lie, its a little talent you pick up when you have a bank account that would make most men cry.”  Having said, Tony didn’t think that this man was a liar, so if Steve wasn’t an Alpha or a Beta….
“Sorry? You’re sorry?” The inventor’s voice came distorted through the speakers; it pitched low and metallic like a demon. “Her husband had to bury her, her kid will never know her and you’re sorry?”
Actually... “Fine...”Tony grumbled after imagining Fury as the old kid-cooking granny in the Hansel and Gretel stories. Moreover, the dramatic swish of his matrix outlet mall coat. “But this early really?” he tried to appeal to his mates merciful nature; maybe this could wait a good hour or...four. Maybe…
AN: Song featured Is Take me to church by - Hozier, I do not own it or the avengers this work is purely for fan enjoyment and I profit in no way. Please support the official releases. The video below basically inspired this whole fic.
The world still believed that James Buchanan Barnes died during the war, died a hero. Maybe that was true.
He would give them this, sitting there on the front row of the church, holding his boy and staring straight ahead with no emotion on his face. His eyes guarded by dark glasses, guarded because he knew if they could see his eyes then his carefully crafted façade would be broken.
Peter and Wendy were already excitedly talking and clamoring all over Loki who seemed to take the attention in stride. He knelt down and nodded with rapt attention at their little stories and the 'show-and-tell' period of what they decided to wear today.
“Damn …” The alpha hissed, finishing up in the restroom before washing his hands and splashing his face. “I didn’t think it would happen so soon. . .FUCK.. J put me on speaker.”
He watched for a moment before taking a seat a few spaces down from the omega. Bruce hadn’t wanted Loki to feel crowded. Finally the ravenette sighed and spoke.  “That’s hardly necessary. Though, perhaps it would be a comfort to James after…”  he paused looking down into the cup.
A shuddering breath leaves his lips and Steve reluctantly places the photo back on the side table. “I’m glad…that you're ok. You know that. But I can't feel you Tony. Our bond, you realized it didn't you? It's broken. I thought...I'm still not sure this is even real.” His voice breaks because damn it if this is just his mind-giving ghosts of comfort...if he really is that far gone what will happen to the kids?
Tony smiled soft carding his fingers through his little one's hair. " I know honey. You're ok now, daddy's here. Look how dirty and tired you are sweetheart. My poor Stevie. How about we get you cleaned up and in your jammies? Daddy brought the ones you like best."
“Come on honey, talk to me? I mean I know my voice is sexy but I wanna hear you too ok? The alpha touched his chest and arms easing the omega bit-by-by, needing his fingers into the tense muscles and slowing the blondes breathing. “ That’s  it, just breath with me Steve, that’s right honey. You‘re so good for me.”
Loki couldn't help but think how well adjusted Kurt had been, not to say it didn't matter to the other man – clearly, Kurt had similar desires as Loki. He just handled it with so much more grace.
"Pep what's going on." he started to stand up from his work bench but his friend and former body guard stopped him.
With the quin jet on route, Coulson and his team were on the ground doing recon on the area. The team was coming across some rather troubling information.
“I do though.” He says, pushing around some fried rice with a cut-rate plastic fork. “We do, ya know.. we been trying but, it ain't happened yet.”
Unimpressed grey eyes shifted up. "If I didn't want to I wouldn't. I swear you and that punk are two of a kind. Ya know I had to nearly beat him to take a bath when we were kids?" Bucky continued taking off Tony's clothes and wrapped his arms around the man to carry him into the large shower cubical. "Besides..." he grunted sitting Tony into a bathing chair. "Ya've grown on me."
A gentle smile graced the omegas features as he pulled the luxurious fur fabric under his face. It smelled like the alpha whose penthouse it the article hailed from. The alpha that was currently not present- though Steve doubted would be far. He few a slight wetness slicking his thighs and buried his face in the blanket. It was happening and Steve really wasn’t sure how to feel about that. Considering he didn’t even remember much of his first and only heat. It had been something he had always been happy to have absent from his life both before and after the serum. His dated way of thinking that said his nature was weak.
Walking into the private floor where they had been residing, James notices one thing immediately. The senses of ease and calm washed over him like a cool breeze and made his skin buzz with possibility. He was struck by the thought that it had been so long since he'd last had this sensation of restfulness along his mates bond.
Maybe that was the real problem, they were looking at this like something they were doing for Barnes, as if it was a chore to grin and bear. The only person who genuinely wanted to give Loki a chance had been Steve and maybe Bruce to some extent.
Amora watched him closely; he was startled but not afraid. In fact, the only emotion she could glean from the man’s tight jaw and dark eyes was …desperation. Desperate men were her favorite. Often those were keen to make the deadliest of deals.
After nearly an hour, James had gently coaxed him into a warm shower where he carefully held him as water rained around them. His alpha had been so patient as he gently washed his skin and hair. Dried and even dressed him, it all felt like a blur. Sometime around breakfast Loki began to regain himself, like a fog parted ever so slightly. There was, nevertheless, a heaviness in his chest but not so oppressive as it had been hours before. His therapist had said this was normal. Loki hated that she said that.
Wasn’t this the cutest and adorably pathetic sight she could have ever seen. Tony stark laying on his sofa with one arm over his eyes and poor dummy tugging on his pant leg. The litter of bottles and pizza boxes around the sofa was a Stark equivalent to rom coms and ice cream.
Those who cared for him watched, as the promising inventor became known as the merchant of death. With advances in weaponry came threat of War, not all at once but over time. People feared the might of others and Howard was all too ready to be the man to give them what they wanted. All the while Stane counted the money and provided endless women and booze.
“Loki, baby doll…come on sweetheart.” James felt his heart clench as he stroked his omegas face. The way Loki’s eyes had glasses over when Cho dashed from the room with their child. He had seen the baby; she was so small, so still.  He knew that she was gone.
Steve woke up to the sound of voices entering the penthouse. He recognized them immediately as Natasha and Bruce, the third voice made his heart ache…Peter.
Steve nodded along and helped Bruce with a set of plates when he returned from the kitchen. “Tony keeps telling me that, I hear there is going to be a Disney themed exhibit soon for kids, I may take them to that and if I can drag Tony along that will be a bonus.”
This was something that started all those years ago in that dusty tenement bedroom shortly after Sarah Rogers’s death. Bucky had come over with a bottle of whiskey and the two friends sat and reminisced. He didn’t think getting Steve drunk would end like it had, or that he’d want it.
“She was wrong, well her formula was wrong but I'm so much smarter than her.” Tony's standing now and pacing. “Babe look at me! I've never felt this good, I'm faster and stronger and I can feel everything! The tower, the coms, and hell I can tap into the whole fucking internet with just a thought!”
There's more gunfire and sound of laughter. Mallen knows how screwed they are and he's just playing with them. Toying with them like a cat with a mouse and that pisses him off more than anything. How dare he, how dare that sack of shit think he can do this.
The alpha had no idea what was really going on behind the dark oak that separated them. Later he would wonder why he didn't listen to those subtle tugs and pulls within their bond, why he chose to dismiss them as the usual strops that Loki was so prone to.
Loki paired the plum shirt with a slate trouser and a tie, he felt good about himself as he gazed into the full-length mirror. Today was going to be a good day.
Barnes tiled his chin up looking down at him like one might examine a bug under glass. “You told me to lick your boots. You about to have my foot up ya ass.”
He hadn’t seen it coming, the punch to the temple of the helmet send stars across his vision before everything faded to black.
Steve was fast, but the Winter Soldier was lethal. The brunette had no qualms in causing as much bodily harm as possible to achieve his objective. The Captain however, did not want this to end in blood shed.
Still, didn’t Steve deserve better? Tony wasn’t special, sure, he had his money and the suits but at the end of the day, he was a social embarrassment most of the time and emotionally stunted man-child with abandonment issues. Oh, god he was going to fuck this kid up beyond measure and Steve was going to hate him for it.
I would like to thank everyone for his or her kind words of encouragement during what has been a very difficult time. I sat down to write this chapter thinking a lot about the struggles I have been through and the struggles still to come. I am not here to lament my past or seek sympathy. What I would like to do is dent a friendly nod to everyone out there just trying to keep his or her head above water. You are not alone, and if you only take one thing from me and from this story – it is that when things are there darkest, that is when you have to have to keep going. You must strain your eyes and find the light because there is light. It may just be a flickering pinprick but it is there.
Loki had surrendered everything, all because he couldn't bare to see other die, to see them suffer for his ignorance. He had aided in the impossible and destroyed a titan – at the cost of his own body. In point of fact, Loki had hoped to not even survive; he was willing to actually die on the battle field with the honor of a true warrior of Asgard, to perchance finally make his father proud. But then...he already had that, the old man had said as much. Feasibly it was cowardice that drove him into that final act, to go down in a blaze of glory. One could barely find glory is what he was presently.
“Stow it. You have two humans trying to escape your body, that can’t be fun. Also I think Tony is pacing again and Sam can only handle that for long before he puts your fool alpha in a choke hold.”
Tony could handle a happy Steve, a extremely focused Steve, and even an annoyed Steve. However, it was the little spurts of crying that sent the former playboy into a panic.
James and Tony were not close, not the way he was close with say Steve or Natasha. Yet the alpha’s found themselves seated at the communal dining table over a cup of ‘more Irish that coffee’. It had been nearly a year since the loss and maybe because of the time it felt better to do this...thing they were doing right now.
“To be fair Steve, you were unconscious for months. Honestly, I don’t think Nick anticipated you waking up for at least another few months. I wasn’t even aware you were here until December. I had been out in the field cleaning up after Stark.” The agent said pulling a gun from the downed guard and handing it to Rogers.
Without missing a beat Tony kicked back on his chair looking horribly smug, “So are you gramps. Just because your patriot pop ass caught, a case of suspended animation does not change your birthdate. Thus unless I make a liar out of Captain America I must go with the facts.”
The sensual tenor of a woman’s voice filters through the old beaten up transistor radio and into the night air. Tony Stark was sure he was alone, hunkered up under that big rusted beast of a tractor in Barton’s barn. It gave him something to focus on in the vary least. Considering it felt like everything else he put his hands on lately turned to shit.
The servant girl bowed as the Queen entered, Wanda quickly swished away to leave the royals alone. Careful to avoid the sea serpent who gave her one final warning snap.
A smoky mental image collected of himself sitting in a bombed out bar trying so hard to get drunk and knowing it wouldn’t work. Yeah, that’s the kind of leader he was, he was the kind who hid the truth behind high ideals. The golden boy with a dark side.
She first turned her attentions on Balder; the middle son was much like his elder brother in strength and stature. He appealed to her aesthetic and she found the thought of mating with him pleasing. Unfortunately, Balder had his eyes set on another. So much so, that even Amora in all her beauty failed to enchant the heart of the prince. He likewise had friends among the court that whispered in his ear to stay away from the troublesome siren.
The monster screeched and shook its head as a blast of powerful magic struck its muzzle from the tip of Gungnir, wielded by the former king. “Thor strike it now!”
“So you told me all this before that.. Sono.. …what ever you call it… cause what? So I wouldn’t be shocked if it was gone already?”  The words just spilled out and he was angry and now that they were out, he wanted to put them back. Wanted to just shut his mouth and take what they were saying at face value but he just couldn’t. The more it bounced around in his head the more agitated it made him. Steve Rogers had never given up in his life and it was down right offensive to think he would just bow out of something this important. This was a life, a living little person who didn’t even get to have a say in all this.
“Mr. Stark.” Steve said and stood up as the older man entered the room, his other fellows - with the exception of Natasha, also stood.
“Tony!” The specter shouted his name and came walking out of the quinjet. Approaching him with the shield over one arm and gloved hand raise. “Tony Listen to me, I know what this looks like, but just listen.”
Mornings began with guided meditation and mindfulness and when the dreadful fear would come or overwhelming anxiety reared its head he could take it bit by bit. Repeating a quiet mantra -telling himself that he was going to be alright, that things were not as grim as they seemed. Distracting himself with a task or a positive outlet. Sometimes writing out what exactly worried him and then listing reasons how that could be resolved logically.
More and more, Coulson was starting to wonder if they had dropped the ball on this a lot sooner than they all thought. Had Hydra been watching and waiting for this moment to insure who would be on deck? Could this whole thing have been a play to take out Stark and Barnes specifically?
Presently, there was a warm comradely in his heart when gathering in the communal kitchen. After the evening meal the trio could frequently be found over cups of fragrant tea talking among themselves over the events of the day. Loki found himself calm and from the corner of his eye caught his own reflection and thought.
"I can't keep him in the lab it's to dangerous." Bruce tried to reason with his omega who was giving him a glare that could curdle milk. "Tony said he'd be back soon and Steve is at a SHIELD  meeting. It won't be more than a few hours at most....your quiet and this worries me."
Bruce often wondered if Tony understood just how important he was to the team. For a man who had spent his whole life trying to live up his fathers standards, then the media. Sometimes it seemed like Tony didn't really believe in his own worth – despite the bravado. Bruce knew what it was like to feel worthless and he would never wish that on anyone. Thanks to the team the beta had found his place, he found a beautiful Alpha and omega who opened their arms to him. This was his home and Tony and Steve were the pillars of that home. If he could help Steve he would.
No one came forward to stop her, no one even noticed until she came to court on the arm of the raven-haired prince. Even then it was little more than murmuring of how the two of them deserved one another with their shriveled hearts. The only one who seemed to look down at the pair was the Queen - Frigga.
It made sense now that Steve thought about it, Tony had been so attentive and yet hesitant. Not in the way that suggested he didn’t want to, but in a way that seemed almost- Fearful. Stark had been avoiding him lately but not actively treating him with cruelty, so maybe this was just Tony feeling insecure. Still, while that quelled some of Steve’s worried it didn’t put an end to all of them.
They had been trying to break down society, in an attempt to bring forth their new world order. They had ties to the organization AIM, or what was left of it. A small group of hackers and scientists  from the fallen group had joined with the Avenger’s oldest  enemies to perfect a plan and unleash chaos. They would show the world how their governments could not protect them. How ‘heroes’ where little more than puppets to the establishment. Hydra and AIM would then offer a new alternative, they would offer power and protection. All the while brainwashing the masses.
Stark scoffed, “lies…filthy lies Brucy goose. Now tell me what you’re not telling me. If I have to get all the video feeds from the tower sent to my suit I will. We both know that will take way to long to watch when I could be punching bad guys in the dick. So let’s speed this up shall we?”
A sliver of fear took route as he ran a hand over his wrapped stomach moving lower.  They wouldn’t have noticed would they?  It’s not that noticeable, not like it should be. Still, he couldn’t remember much about being brought in. He couldn’t remember anything beyond the familiar grip of the cold water biting his wounds and filling his lungs.
Tony sneered and picked up the sniveling criminal, “You killed a woman, a mother, a wife in front of her child. Didn’t you.”
There was a slight twitch in the inventors brow. He'd seen loki's file and today was...Risking a glance to his watch he knew the kid was right. "So what, you think cause you aren't in the bait menu I'll just jump at the chance? "
Steve was busy painting the nursery, having sent Bucky out on his mission - Omega wrangling. This roughly translated into keeping Tony from doing anything asinine.
Steve was innocently looking for a place to sketch when he walked in on the three of them and the choreographer.
“So that’s basically it, Stark’s been Fury’s personal nuke.. least until a few days ago. They had a meeting and it didn’t go well. To be honest I’m surprised Nick didn’t find himself sans-another eye. Tony isn’t exactly a conversationalist these days.” Natasha said leaning back in her chair.
Tony was ashamed. “I don’t know baby… I don’t know.” He hugged the child to his chest and let Peter cry himself out. He whispered apologies and rocked the simpering child back and forth. Swearing that he would never yell again. Promising it wasn’t Peter he was upset with.
Tony looked down at the medical information, it was the pre-serum work up, and there was a similar copy in Steve’s SHIELD file. However, this one was much longer with details Tony had not seen.
The little boy rubbed his eyes; they were puffy and red from crying. Peter had not been sleeping and been extra sensitive since the funeral. Those first few days after, he clung to Tony fearing his daddy would disappear just like his papa.
The pair of alphas fell into silence as they ate, Tony seemed a little less cagey then he had when she first arrived. Still, Natasha could see the gears turning in the inventor’s never quiet mind.  “Wanna talk about it?”
Washing up and sending all the linens to be laundered was next. After both headed up to the penthouse where Steve settled onto the sectional sofa. Left alone for the first time in days while Tony met with Pepper to make sure they hadn’t missed any major crisis.
They didn’t Let Thor on ITunes any more, he found a bunch of weird Norwegian metal and piped through the Towers external speakers and Tony was left paying a huge fine for disturbing the peace. Bruce was a beta and his taste was Classical and international folk music…nothing Tony cared to listen to, he made the mistake of poking through it once, Banner caught him and roped Stark into an hour of hellish pan-flute meditation.
Steve shook his head and brought the mug to his lips. Pepper sighed and stepped closer, rubbing her hand on the middle of the soldier’s back. Even from this distance Tony could see the reluctant twitch in Steve’s muscles- he wanted to lean into the comfort but didn’t. That hurt the alpha that a member of his pack didn’t even feel safe to accept comfort.
Backhanded compliments and full scale confidence was in full swing, or so it seemed. Natasha smiled and stepped over the threshold. “Hope its not a bad time, I happened to be in the area.”
Steve leaned forward and rested their foreheads together, and that just broke Tony’s heart being so close to this man. If this wasn’t Steve…if this was some kind of ploy to bring him in… there’s no way he could come back from this. From having these feeling so close and it just being a game.
‘Just a little while longer, the serum will work and I’ll be fit as a fiddle.’ Steve believed it but as every passing moment that he pushed his feet one in front of the other - that belief wavered. His chest burned and his sides ached, he shouldn’t feel this exhausted. A wave of nausea washed over him and the Captain felt a cold sweat pop at the back of his neck. He had to stop for a moment and lean against a tree. It came on faster than he could contain - his stomach flipping and rebelling against was little bit of food he’d had that morning. Which had been little more than a few bottles of water and the protein shake he’d had when he came back from his run.
He couldn’t do that, even with the pain his side and the heavy feeling of dread settling into his chest, Colonel Rhodes staggered to his feet and flipped up the helmet visor. “ Please… Tony, it doesn’t have to be like this..”  His heart broke for his friend because now he could see, he could see everything he and everyone else had missed about Tony.
“Thanks Tony, really. I … I’m glad it’s you.” Steve said, a bit unsure if the other would find the sentiment odd or not.
The omega levelled his eyes playfully before reaching over and cleaning the mess. “No, you know I loath public transport. I think I'll give Shield a little surprise and just pop in the lobby.”
“Coulson, is your team ready to ring the dinner bell?” Stark's voice sounded over the coms. Iron man was taking point on this mission, not that Barnes would have argued this decision. He'd let the playboy have point all he wanted, James just wanted to get this over with and get back home.
Truth be told, Steve was excited too. A whole day alone with his Alpha that didn't include hours in the workshop, missions, paperwork, or fighting giant angry robots hell bent on destruction. It was kind of wonderful.
So he stood there crossing his arms with a little bit of annoyance bubbling just beneath the surface, enough attitude to mask his insecurities.
How many times had his father told his mother that he loved her? How many times had he seen them smiling and laughing, before the screaming? Bad men could be bad easily enough, but there were plenty of good men who made the same mistakes. Tony often talked about his Fathers drinking days. In quiet moments, Steve had confided that the few memories he had of his own father had not been the best. It wasn't an unfamiliar story, and maybe that was the worst part about this. How common place such violence often was.
“Raise oh death, oh twisted writhing thing of nightmares. Rise and fill me with your life oh enemy of light. Bid me your prideful scales, bid me your crooked fangs. I call to you lend me your power and let it become mine, misshapen beauty of the cruelest design. Let me breathe for you and deliver vengeance in your name… Lavation!”
Around six hours; the sun were shining in the penthouse and they had visitors.  Pepper had come by to make a light breakfast and see how they were doing, around noon Phil and Clint came up with lunch. Now it seemed like everyone was there.
She would arrive just before sunset and perch on craggy stone that jetted out of the inlet, its shining black surface reflecting the fiery sky above her. The siren would stretch out on and fan her tail soaking up the warmth from the stone. All the while, her fingertips danced over the glittering gem nestled in the hollow of her throat.
“I’m just saying Steve won’t want to do it, plus this guy- Howard Stark, he sounds like a crazy old coot. He’s looking for monster hunters. How exactly do we get paid doin that?”
He didn’t have the answer, it was a question he often asked himself and still he had nothing for it. Suddenly here he was lashing out and being the kind of man, he never wanted to be. The kind of father he had promised himself he would never be.
It took 83 hours to locate Steve. In Tony’s mind, that was 82 too long, but apparently, the goons that seized Steve were smart enough to change cars once they made it out of the city. They had boarded some sort of tactical jeep that had scramblers that jacked up ever camera they got within 100 feet of, and satellite imaging was only so good until they entered rural areas with canopy cover.  From there they had to narrow things down to a list of know combatant locations. Everything from hydra cells to watchdog groups was on the menu for possible locations that could be holding Cap.
Tony wanted them to know, to carry around the proof of the heart he no longer had right out for all to see. He wanted them to see that name when he killed them.
Bruce handed over the steaming cup of tea into Loki’s lightly trembling hands. The man looked even thinner than the day before, Bruce wished he knew what was going on, it was like Loki was giving up on life and his body was simply responding in kind.  “have you ever thought of a traditional pet, like a dog or cat? I had a ferret when I was a kid. I know you love Duchess but in the mean time I’m sure Tony wouldn’t mind a kitten or a puppy in the tower.”
He saw her, the woman in the darkness that called his name. She was so angry and her eyes turned black and cold. Something about her eyes, the death and the emptiness of them. Like staring into nothing and everything. Like being swallowed up, by that nothingness. Those eyes were a void of hatred that was reaching out for him and trying to pull him in and swallow him whole.
James hummed shoveling a fried egg into a sandwich of tomatoes and mayo. “ I know Nat will be there today. She's pretty jazzed about it.”
The fight was starting to drain out of the Captain, this was just Steve from Brooklyn with shining eyes trying to hard to be strong.
Tony was still playing over in his head what Loki had said. Was he a monster? Looking down at his hands as he sat in the quin-jet, he contemplated every line and crease. His hands were his greatest tool and like a map to his life.
Tony instantly recognized the restraints; they were some he made for SHIELD. Seems hydra borrowed quite a few toys from the former when Price was in charge. A little fiddling with the mechanism had the cuffs released. Tony frowned at the raw red lines left in their wake. Intellectually, he knew the serum would protect Steve form his injuries but still…it ached to see him like this.
Steve gave his old friend a soft chuckle and stroked his daughter’s hair. “She takes after Tony in that whole 'words verses air' thing. Still learning that her lungs don't always like that.”
Turned out nothing was right and never would be again. Steve had slept for 70 years and everything he knew was gone. He was surrounded by a world full of lights and sounds…noise and mess. It was all so wild and loud. He did not belong here. He could never belong here.
Once inside the pair lay down and Tony had Jarvis, play some ambient sounds, normally Tony would have just started talking about anything but that didn’t seem ideal at the moment. Not with the way, Steve’s eyes darted around in the low light and his face fixed in a look between frustration and anger.
Fury stopped in his tracks… did Stark know? …no there was no way. “Exactly what do I have to lie about.”
Stark rolled his eyes, “About if I’m staying with him through the heat? He is a grown man Bruce, older than both of us are if you wanna get technical. Therefore, I think he can handle how far he wants this to go, if he wants me to go I’ll go. If he wants me to stay I’ll stay.”
What was Wade going to say? What if he didn't want this? Were they even ready? He would have to leave the field and Shield training - probably go home because Wade's apartment wasn't exactly the cleanest or in the best part of town.
Steve didn’t say so right away, prompting the towers omnipresent butler to alert Bruce a few floors below.
Still, even as the years past Howard never relented on his story of mermaids and his stolen son. He never forgot the golden hair and cold eyes that promised in one breath and killed in the next. Even as time laced gray into his hair, Howard Stark never forgot and he never gave up.
Luckily, Steve adored house rules, he admired chore boards, gaga for grocery lists- he love any and all lists. Tony was pretty sure Steve and Phil had a little club where they hang out and talk in terms of bullet points.
“Pete, Wen, why don't you go get your crayons and color a picture for Uncle Loki. I'm sure he would really like that.” Steve says and shoos the little ones away. There was so much in Loki's eyes, so much they all hadn't seen before and he realized it was because no one bothered to look.  As soon as the kids were out of earshot he placed, a gentle hand on the other mans shoulder. Thinking of his conversation with Bucky not long ago. “How long have you been trying?”
Bruce liked to think that he was a good judge of character, he had been to a lot of places and met a lot of people after all, so when he looked at the man before he knew he was telling the truth. Part of him felt bad for thinking otherwise. Yet to Er' is human isn't it? Maybe that's why Loki had managed to slip so far through the cracks. They all had their preconceived notions about the both of them. “Can you tell me what those problems are. It might help figure out how Loki got this way and maybe how to help him.”
The soldier tried his best to calm  his racing heart, “Fine..” his voice shook even as he spoke trying hard to force it . “I’m fine thanks Jarvis.”
Finally, Just before Christmas Loki couldn't stand it and showed up himself. Natasha looked him up and down and let the suited man in, shes hadn't said anything other than to show him in.
“After 20 years of not finding anything, don’t you think that maybe.” Steve started only to have the older man raise a hand in silence.
Jane shook her head, eyes darting around between her mate and the now shambled hall. “Thor I can’t! I can’t just leave you here!”
“He’s only a few days old. Please, if you don’t help him he won’t survive. Doctors, Priests, none of that is going to help him right now. What he needs is something more, and this was the only shot I had. I’ll give you anything you want…just… I want my boy to live.” He was desperate.
This wasn't even exclusive to the omegas of Midgard, Loki had heard and seen some strange things on his travels of the nine realms. Exotic eel like creatures turned into candies confections, fruits of every color of the rainbow blended with the blood of small mammals, but this...this was disgusting.
They would have to talk about it at some point, now with Red Skull and Bucky out here somewhere it would be even more difficult. Steve just hoped he was the one who found Bucky and not Tony. While he trusted the smooth talking Alpha, Steve was a realist - Tony would want to hurt Bucky… of course he would.
Steve clenched his fist hearing the echoes of laughter from the dining room. Brock and Grant the spoiled idiots. He heard the crash of yet another teacup and knew that it most likely had been some of his mother’s china. There was only a few of them left at this point, so few things he had of her that were still in one piece… including him if he was being honest.
Zipping up his boots the Captain began to think less of home and more to his duty, today they would be working with a few unenhanced recruits so his shield would likely be tucked away in its case unless Coulson came in and asked for the old 'razzle dazzle' for the newbies. Steve thought maybe Coulson got more of a kick out of seeing the shield than the recruits did. Even so, there was a small part of the omega that preened under the wide-eyed admiration as he let loose the star emblazoned disc.
Pepper smirked crossing her arms against her silk blouse. “Name five things then that you care about that don’t have anything to do with you.”
“What’s the matter sailor? Lost your nerve?” The siren challenged, a smirk curling her full pink lips.
Steve wasn't that proud anymore... when you fight for something only to find out that its gone, that all you've sacrificed has been for nothing.
After that, no one really tried to push him again. To see that look of just… Surrender in his eyes was to haunting.  Things went down hill; the omega hardly ate or spoke. It was if something left him that day Cecilia was born, the baby he had wanted so fervently. The little life he held inside of him for those precious months, felt her little soul flickering against his siedr like a flame,
A rumbled chuckle makes this thighs quiver. The alpha looked up with hooded coffee colored eyes and hollowed his cheeks. Steve was a bit of a lightweight when it came to this, if his mate kept this up he’d be done for in a few minutes at best.
Words that came across not nearly as teasing as they usually would have. While they didn’t do everything, what they did do was everything Steve had wanted for so long. It was that connection and comfort that came from long slow kisses. It was burying his nose in his alphas neck and breathing in everything that was so uniquely Tony. They had a love that was playful and curious. Hands and lips that touched and tasted with out fear of rejection. There was no preconceived notions of what was expected, only what felt good.
Steven Rogers for instance had become rather close to the former villain as they spoke about many things in the world they found unusual or unfortunate. From Steve's prospective: the modern generation of youths that lacked so much respect that he himself once grew up with. Loki also commiserated as the necessary formality and pageantry in Asgard was some what 'old fashioned' as Stark had once pointed out. The two bonded over feeling displaced in the world.
“Yes Sir, I have also gone to the liberty to forward a video copy to Agent Coulson’s Mobile. He says thank you, and please suspend Agent Barton’s credit cards until his return.”
Steve stilled staring up at Tony, his face was flushed and usually soft skin felt clammy and rough. The Alpha ran his fingers back through the omegas damp blond hair. “Bruce, I think he’s getting dehydrated.”
Numbers, of course Tony would look at it that way because numbers were easy and could be manipulated. Steve just wanted to tell him to be quiet, to stop acting like this was something the alpha could plug into one of his fancy gadgets and come up with some solution to fix everything.  Some things just are the way they are, like when his mother died. She worked with the sick and had been lucky for a while. Then she caught the bug and just couldn’t shake it. Just the way it was.
The German had always been honest. “I thought so, I am glad you are with your family now. You know your family here is also available to you? I would come if you needed me to Loki, anytime.”
Steve did his best to calm down and think rationally, he would have remembered something like being frozen again. He had to remember, but the more he thought the less plausible answers he was getting and that was crushing.
“Drinks on me then!” Phil clapped his hands, “Steve, latte? You look like an Americano kinda guy but trust me I think you’ll need the sugar.”
Bruce wasn't an idiot though, which was part of the reason Loki enjoyed his company so much. The man was intelligent and his banter was playful and witty.  He was also familiar with all of the ravenettes tricks by now.
Tony took his hand and the entered the master bathroom where Steve gently removed both of their clothes. He stood there for a while just looking his husband over, mentally cataloging all the changes. It was so jarring, considering Steve had woken up just a day or so ago. Before that, he’d been on the mission for two weeks, so for him it felt like all this had happened in less that month. Steve knew that wasn’t right of course.
Maybe Tony was having second thoughts too. That cut Steve the deepest, the idea that maybe Tony was regretting the time they spent together. Maybe the alpha woke up and realized that this was a fruitless effort. Why bother with a stubborn, sarcastic, overgrown omega when he could have one that was beautiful, demure and all the things an omega should be. Someone Tony could show off with out people whispering behind his back.
“Looking at all the samples and history, I’d say Steve’s hormone levels are defiantly as unstable as Howard thought they were.” Bruce said bringing up a few charts and graphs.  “From what little of Steve’s medical documentation that I could still dig up - I did find a lot of miss diagnosis. This could be to our favor I think.”
However, not all the world cared for the young prince as much as his father. Not all faces smiled and not all eyes shined with hope and happiness.
The name Stark sent a cold throb through his heart, how could he ever face that man. Then when Thor had relayed that Steve was expecting. The thought of the blonde heavy with child formed in James’ mind, it was distorted with memories of how Rogers used to be. All knees, elbows and grit. He imagined that slip of boy’s  little frame sitting on the small bed in the tenement apartment, legs folded and arms around a heavy belly.  It hurt to think of that because he knew that wasn’t Steve.  Those images were  just false memories and wishes he had conjured for himself out of comfort. Perhaps as his time as the winter solider it was thoughts like those that kept him warm at night.
Walking through the dust and debris of what once was the service entrance, Tony made his way down a narrow hallway. The right shoulder of the armor digging a line in the drywall that must have sounded like nails on a chalkboard. Not that it looked as if anyone one was around to hear it, it seemed strange that this area wasn't crawling with Hydra. True, there was a perimeter breach in effect but still – the security and control room was completely empty. Then again, if their suspicions about Madam Hydra being an LMD – having human personal watching the camera was redundant. She could be tapped into the place right now.
Clint pauses to think that over when a loud boom to his right sent a creeping Hydra officer flying. “Do I gatta cover you’re ass while you daydream Legolas?” Tony snarked.
He would have remained a wonderer from another time had he not been spotted by a pair of synthetically created opticals and brought to the attention of a certain mad titan.
Part of him said he should go, that he should make sure the room was stocked and Steve had the appropriate tools to get him through the heat. Yet at the same time, he worried about this budding relationship between them. Would leaving now make Steve feel rejected? Then again, what would happen if he stayed? Bruce told him that with Steve’s imbalances, the heat would likely be on the short side and serum would protect him.
Pepper walked farther from the bedroom door, holo screen floating along with her. “He got really worked up and the media coverage wasn’t helping. You know you were down almost six minuets right. We had no idea what happened and Jarvis couldn’t link up with the suit.” She hesitated and took a seat at the kitchen bar rubbing her hands together and clasping them under her chin. Tony had seen her do this 100 times in the past when she was stressed about a meeting or something he’d done that had the press breathing down their neck.
Steve didn’t seem to think this was very funny though, he just looked solemnly at the now empty bag and its crinkled shiny green packaging. “I just remember this brand…nostalgia ya know. There’s not a lot still around from back then, nothing…survived”
“Traitor... um well you see....It's magic and, it's special. So... You can't do it cause, only adults can do the magic when they love and respect each other.”
“I’ve got you doll, don’t you worry that pretty little head.” Oh and there he was sliding inside going all the way until there flesh was flush together. “God it looks so pretty sweetheart, seeing how full you are.”
She even took Pepper up here once to visit a little roadside vintage shop. Pepper had found a pair of old earrings; they weren't the most expensive thing, just a little pair of art deco baubles from the 20's. The old woman at the desk had smiled when she saw the omega admiring them. Apparently, the jewelry had a colorful past, belonging to a woman who had never taken no for an answer. The story had been well worth the 30 dollar price tag for old costume jewelry. Sure, it hadn't been diamonds and the gold probably wasn't even genuine. Even so, Natasha had never seen anything as stunning as the way the colored glass caught the light and sparkled against the other woman's skin.
The woman’s eyes narrowed, mistrustful of the voice. Anyone could use a modifier, this had to be a trap. There was only one way to find out.
The soldier banished the idea before it could take root; he wasn’t going to think about it now. Not in front of Tony, they had gotten closer but still… he couldn’t let anyone see that much of his heart, never again.
The billionaire had just awkwardly patted his omegas back and steered the larger man over to a chair with assurances falling from his lips that he loved Steve very much, and found him incredibly sexy. This led to some founder memories of light fondling on the bedroom floor until the mood was broken by Steve’s urgent bladder.
“Thank you Loki, now run along.” She said instead patting his cheek playfully. “I have work to do and of course I will have to show off this beautiful treasure you have given me. I’m sure all of my friends will be positively beside themselves with jealously.”
“I didn't want to at first,“ Loki began “because of what I am. It may seem foolish given what this place stands for. However, on Asgard – if you are not Aesir ..you are a beast. I am the worst kind of best in the eyes of those that once called me blood.” Loki raised his hand and the skin took on a cobalt hue a few shades lighter than Wagner's own. “ This place helped me to think differently, but now... I fear that my hesitance has been my downfall. Perhaps all my wishing against it has poisoned me.”
Bruce liked to introduce Loki to all of the little out of the way places in New York that reminded him of his many travels around the world. The city was rich with culture of every kind and if you knew where to look, you could spend hours exploring. Today's plans had been just that and was going well, Loki seemed pleased with trekking through the city and the hidden gems of tiny shops.  Finally the two of them began to feel the first pangs of Hunger and Bruce suggested a small family owned Indian restaurant that served authentic cuisine.
“Monster darling, we are not going to intentionally kill those mythical creatures we are going to help them.” She said, “They don't deserve to die. Stark will get his kid back and if he asks – who fired on the spot. He doesn't need to know what we were firing on exactly.”
The point was the heavy and uncomfortable erection in his jeans. “I’m burning in hell.. That’s what this is. It’s hell and  I am in it.” The billionaire tore out of his clothes as fast as possible before flopping back on his still unmade bed. “God I’m fantasizing about a guy my old man could have fucked…that’s.. That’s hell.”
Hearing Tony talk about the child they may or may not even have was sweet. “Really sure of yourself huh?” Steve pulled back just enough to look into the inventors eyes. “I might not be ya know.”
She was alone and holding some sort of container, dressed as any civilian. Loki might have been concerned if she had come in her usual Avenger regalia. Even so, Romanov was not one to make casual social visits so why was she here?
"tell my love to wreck it all , cut out all the ropes and let me fall" - Skinny Love, (Birdy) *Written by Bon Iver*
It was elegant, and maybe that was the lack of sleep talking but Clint Barton gave no shits! He could not dial fast enough to own this masterpiece of engineering, this panicle of fitness technology.
“This is an underground secret facility Captain, not even all of SHIELD knows about it. Fury runs this place on minimal, meaning along with myself there are four field agents that come and go who I handle personally. There are seven strike force agents or as I like to call them “the muscle brigade.” They are all so terrified of Fury they don’t ask questions.” Coulson said as they entered a room at the end of the hall this one looked to be a room for security footage. The guard on duty was kicked back with his feet on the consol and hat down over his eyes. Well into his 40 winks, such job pride.
Steve took his shower and god it was totally worth it. In fact he can honestly say he’s never been so thankful for that multi-sprayer  system Tony put in until right now.
A youth fueled by the memory of his father and mothers riddled corpses in the summer sun. Their blood soaking into the dusty earth of their farmland. One might find sympathy for this child had they not known him. Had he not nourished that same paranoia and rage that rocked him to sleep at night.
The mouse looked over her shoulder to the other mice, one with only three legs squeaked petulantly at the question. Natasha shook her head.
“Absolutely not Agent Romanov, what per-say would have you traveling so far from Stark's beloved tower of heroes?”
He was almost sure that everyone was lying, until the quin-jet arrived. Until he saw them. Now, sitting here staring at a photo of their family Steve doesn't know how to feel. Doesn’t know what’s real.
“Of course he did, the spy twins have to stick together,” Tony muttered, hoping over the rail. The armor hovered down to the 11th floor landing. The suit folding away from his body and reforming into a streamline briefcase.
Being behind a stove again had it's undeniable charms, Loki had always liked cooking as it reminded him much of alchemy and potion making. Two things he'd explored heavily in his youth, most would never know it but the god of chaos had quite the brilliant green thumb. Despite the aforementioned thumb being occasionally blue. Keeping a garden of herbs and vegetables had been therapeutic in the early days of their relocation. Somewhere along the way Loki had found himself too busy and then...then he just felt like he was worthy of simple pleasures.
The ancient magical creatures that ruled the seas and mastered its creatures. Once they looked over man like gods. Now? Now they hid from the ignorant beasts above that saw them and the other beings of the ocean as little more than trophies creatures of fantasy.
Loki wasn't used to being what one would call 'social'. Sure, when he was young he had been forced to attend feasts and pay respect to dignitaries of the realm. As he grew older, he was often the one to escort his mother to her meetings with the Omegas whom held high rank or title.  These obligations where less about his ability to hold intelligent conversation and more with his ability to stand statuesque and silent.
When Loki finally pulled away there was silence surrounding them. Green eyes locked with blue gray. “If you die...I'll burn the world.”
Four more hours would pass before the rest of the avengers would meet the newest members of their pack. Doctor Simmons wanted to be sure the twins were healthy having been pre-term. Amazingly, both babies were perfect. Small as they were, neither had any lung problems and scored high on the Apgar scale. Jemma gave Steve a once over as well, he had require stitches for a perinial tear, which the doctor assured him wasn’t abnormal. She surmised that the serum would likely pick back up over the next few days and if the tear healed before the stitches dissolved she was only a call away, or Bruce could remove them.
“I never said you were helpless, stubborn as a mule… oh yeah that fits. Maybe all those muscles have finally choked out your brain.” Tony complains, following the staggering omega. “Jesus Steve will you just wait!”
On the way inside, she noticed the loading bay doors; they had been maintained and greased. Clearly lacking any substantial build up of rust on the tracks from lack of use. Someone had been coming and going regularly in a van - non descriptive most likely and an old model.
How dare she...how dare she toy with him. “Stop playing your games agent. They call me silver tongue but even I would be hard pressed to fake care for a being I detest. You may feel some obligation to James- but do not sit here and pretend you've come under some altruistic mission for my sake. Do. Not. Insult me.”
The older omega sat silently, thinking over his next words before placing a gentle hand on the solders’ leg. “You tell Stark what you told me. As self centered as he can be I don’t think he would say he didn’t want this child.”
She quickly found that those who would fight to the death protecting the one-day king beset her way to the throne on both sides. However, they all seemed to forget Odin is other sons.
The first order of business was to get Steve and the baby a thorough medical work up. Bruce was adamant about that point, and Simmons agreed to be the couple’s personal physician since technically speaking- Bruce was not that kind of doctor. Moreover, Steve could not go to just any Obstetrician in New York because if he had it would out him as an omega. That was something Steve just wasn’t ready to face, no mater what anyone told him he just couldn’t tell the nation he defended in their darkest hour that he and the government that claimed to protect them - had lied.
Stark laughed and looked over to the one armed man, “Thank you for your candor, Sergeant Barnes is it?”
Letting his head tip back against cold metal he fought against the lump in this throat. “baby..I'm there you know I am. I'm with you even when I'm not. I am gonna do everything I can to make this right and get back to you. But don't think for a moment that I'm not with you.”
"Boring. Completly and utterly boring.I thought you were different." Loki scowled. He hated being told no.
The days he does not want to remember – there was work then too, every time he opened his eyes there was a mission waiting. These days it almost felt kindred with all the demand SHIELD had for him. He couldn't say he hated it and that was maybe the worst of it when he got right down to the old brass taxes. He was still a soldier looking for a war to fight and SHIELD had been happy enough to have the Winter Soldier on their side this time around.
Cause that was a good sign, not even a hello, or by your leave. All signs point to danger Will Robinson! Even so he pressed on because you had to try right? “Hey, I just wanted to hear your voice before I ship out.” He tried to smile as he spoke to maybe convey the warmth there that he had usefully smothered this morning.
Steve looked wide eyed at the screen, two small bean shaped silhouetted wiggled in a sea of black. Twins… them where having twins. Before Steve could comment or have any feeling on the matter he felt the grip on his hand loosen and looked over to his alpha that now looked pale as a sheet mumbling the word. “Twins” repeatedly.
Tony was having the bots cut replacement plates for Vengeance, the suit had taken a beating in his last little ‘trip.’ It was worth it though, he came by a particular piece of Intel and  now things were falling into place. “I don’t like being lied to.”
Dum-E trying so hard to be comforting with offerings of milkshakes that were often more Motor Oil than actual milk. Bless his little wires and bolts.
Darcy didn't comprehend what the two legger wanted, she had seen their kind arrive after the fearsome beast, maybe they had set the monster on their peaceful kingdom. Now this one was trying to take Tony from her! She solemnly promised Loki to assist his son to the surface. Tony was so frail. Darcy didn't want her ill friend to die miserably. She didn't have time to deal with this land walker. “Go away!”
Bastrop, Texas wasn't much to look at. Of course, Mallen, Nilsen and Beck didn't come out to the abandoned slaughterhouse on the outside of town for its charming views. It was an out of the way place that had been suggested that Mallen could be the first recipient of the Extremis serum.
So maybe took out some of that aggression and hurt with wild parties and deviant behavior. It wasn’t like he was hurting anyone other than himself, or so he thought.
“That was impressive, boy will have helluva knot on his head when he wakes up.” Steve comments leaning down to check over the unconscious soldiers, pocketing the magazines from their weapons.
Steve gaped looking between them, “I actually..” He blushed, “Tony always ordered me Carmel frapacinnos.. I like em.”
Tony remembered the nightmares Steve had on occasion, he would wake up covered in sweat and fall out of bed. Mumbling things about Nazi’s, the Luftwaffe, and about the ice. Jarvis was good about calmly calling out the date and the time. Tony had the Ai do so for him after Afghanistan and again after New York. Tony often felt like he was poor imitation soldier next to Steve. Steve had seen so much in his time, things Tony knew nothing about beyond documentaries and history books. Nothing beyond faded memories of the look in his own fathers eyes on memorial day.
Tony smiled and shifted Peter in his lap to lay down on the sofa with the child. “I’m getting over an emotional crisis, sue me if my humor isn’t top form. Now lay down Blondie it’s nap time.”
Kurt watched from a distance, tail swishing fitfully left and right. He knows what it looks like when a man is breaking from the inside out, he's seen it a thousand time- in his students- children thrown away for being different. Persevered for things they had no control over and made to feel like freaks.
Lmd' s were nothing like people – no matter how well made they were they lacked that certain something. Maybe it was the lack of self-preservation or the overly logical thinking. While the shorted distance between to points might be a straight line – it's not if there are land mines. See, that was why human heart would always win out over machine. People might be flawed but they learned from their mistakes. Androids refused to honor the idea of mistakes. Even if as a result, they often made them. Because of this, his team was familiar with the fighting style of their electrical based foe. So far so good Coulson thought, keeping an eye's on his team and an ear on the coms.
Fury didn't look so sure, “I'm starting to think you're too close to this Coulson. I've enabled you play house with Barton because I thought that meant you could keep an eye on things. Presently I have to wonder if this has all gone to your head.”
The little boy shook his head in the negative and took a few steps toward the blonde. "Can...can I have a hug? Daddy say's I'm too big but sometimes..Anna and Jarvis give me hugs. Mommy too sometimes."
AN: First off I wanna say I am not good at action but I try my best so don’t rip me apart or be rude if its not good enough.
It was late in the evening when they both woke up for the second time. Tony needed to go to the workshop, and that was ok. Steve needed to take care of some things on his own.
Just after sunrise there's more to look into than just the theft at the pharmacy company.  Dr Aldrich Killian, was found in his office that morning by his secretary. The man had committed suicide after typing and printing his confession. A typed and signed note informs co-worker Maya Hansen that he has stolen and "loosed" the company's dangerous Extremis serum for some "greater" purpose.
Tony stepped back, his hackles ready to rise at the harsh words, yet they didn’t when he noticed the flush on the omegas face and pale ring around his lips. Steve did not look good at all and that wasn’t right. Tony could be mad later but right now there were more important things to worry about. “You’re right I haven’t Steve, but that doesn’t mean I don’t care, or that we won‘t when we can. You know that.  Now will you just sit down and let me call medical out here, or hell just let me take you? I know you don’t like it, neither do I but right now you’re freaking me out ok.”
The alphas arms felt so good, like a shelter from the storm as the mans words washed over him. Loki wasn't sure what tomorrow would bring, but right now felt good.
The idea that there could be one person he would genuinely want more than anything else would. That he could have that and be able to keep it, be able to find someone that could handle his baggage and all the insanity of being Iron man. Steve could though, because he had his own past and his own mantle of Captain America. There was a connection there, a sort of unspoken understanding that bridged a near century.
Sam whistled as he planted his palm down the side of the underwater craft. “Kinda small but fancy, I’m going to have fun driving this baby.”
To be honest I was hoping I caught some weird hydra hybrid version of the flu, or anything other than what this was. Looking down at the lab reports the cheerful nurse at the Shield clinic brought me made me want to heave again.
The thunderous sound of tiny feet rocketed down the hall; Steve barely had enough time to nudge Tony awake before the bedroom door slid open and a tearful little ball of energy launched onto the bed.
Tony watched as his omega disappeared into the bathroom and found himself alone with his thought, zipping up his under suit and thinking about all the possibilities ahead of him “J, how ’s that little project I had you working on?”
“Great...that's great...wonderful, stupendous so we could have a real life terminator on or hands. I thought you and your robo fapping arm was bad.”
After that it was mostly clean up, Bruce had sat this one out in favor of helping Pepper and Phil to set up evacuation of the surrounding area and contacting goodwill corporations who would be willing to aid in the repair of the park. (With the promise of future generous donations from Stark Industries to the Charities they represented or supported)  So the team hadn’t much to do other than insure none of the mechanical miscreants had slipped through the cracks. They didn’t need to hear about a Taurus bot running wild in China Town.
Loki let out a shaking breath in the darkness and rolled close to his side. For the first time in what felt like weeks, Loki was warm as he pressed against his chest. Warm, plait and just...beautiful. “You have no idea how happy I am to hear you say that.”
“I’ve gotten most of the women and children clear, it looks like it’s more than just this thing we have to worry about. All the blood is attracting sharks and their picking off the stragglers. Natasha, circle back to my position and watch our backs while Sam and I take point. Let’s see if we can’t give this monster a reason to back off!”
Tony also hadn’t said anything about what he told him. It had been months since Steve had found out, but he just couldn’t say it aloud, he wasn’t even sure who he was protecting anymore. Bucky, Tony, Howard’s memory? Maybe he was just protecting himself because admitting that his best friend killed his other friend (and father of the alpha he had a thing for) would be admitting that the world wasn’t black and white. There was no ‘strictly good’ or ‘strictly bad’.
“So, who wants to start explaining?” Natasha slipped off her sunglasses and latching them onto her shirt. “I’m all ears.”
Stark was addicted from then on. Something about seeing Americas golden boy all, red-faced and spread out begging. It was the big boost to his already inflated ego. The sounds Steve made when he finally let go. How he’d take anything …anything, Tony was willing to give him and beg for more. Tony still gets chills every time he walks into his workshop. He can still see the hand shaped dents in the metal work table where he had Rogers bent over  panting and begging while he fingered him with the gauntlet on.
The holo screen changed to a surveillance video showing the Winter Soldier standing at Red Skills side. Schmitt’s hand braced firm on the masked assassins shoulder as the crimson faced tyrant addressed a group of hydra operatives.
There was a pause before Steve had to be sure “Tell me you did not put a hot tub in the quinjet.”  Steve poked his head out zipping up the jacket.
He knew she was getting worse. She couldn't shake it this time and he wasn't ready. She was all he had.
The first person to take note was Bruce, it happened by accident actually. You see everyone had ‘chores’ (Steve’s idea of course) various little tasks that they all did each week or so. Loki’s task had been to wash the quinjet.
There was always some meddlesome mortal that had to make him known. Worse, Thor. His blundering brother simply tried too hard to 'help'.
Making her way to a set of metal stairs, Natasha notices another tell. The dust had been disturbed by the treed of boots, small V patterned inner treed with a wider outer treed. Standard issue for SHIELD field operatives, the size is obviously a mans shoe.
James followed, staying a few steps behind taking in the omegas stride. Something seemed off but he just couldn't pinpoint it. Loki was a lot like Natasha in the way he held his walk just so. It wasn't as with most people where you could read the slouch in there shoulders or the slight drag in their steps when something was off. He reckoned Loki would keep that steady prowling pace even if he was missing a limb and dribbling blood all over the rug.
He’s smiling, maybe he’ll just crack a few jokes and leave.  Oh Christ almighty why is so close to me…
Tony wanted to snap back, wanted to say Fury didn’t know shit about what happened or how he feels. Then it occurred to him, maybe he dose. “No more boy bands, I’m out of that line of work. Strictly a solo artist these days.”
That was how she knew she wanted more. Natasha wanted everything the world told her she couldn't have.
“What?” Of course Tony could imagine why, he knocked up Captain America. Knock. Up. Captain. America. If Howard could see him now… The old fart was likely rolling in his grave, or maybe he’d be oddly proud and clap Tony on the back for it. Considering the contents of the old mans journal Tony wasn’t so sure it wouldn’t have been the latter.
His mate was currently standing behind the curtains, bare feet clearly visable, while their son sat on the side table with a lamp shade on his head. Peter was doing his best impression of a lamp while Wendy stalked around the room looking under chairs and behind pillows. Her little face scruntched up in deep concentration. Although, Tony suspected she clearly saw her twin and was merely draggin gout the proccess for theatrics. His little Diva, the apple hadn't fallen far from his tree with her.
Loki turned around with murder written all over his face. "It was Stark wasn't it! That ...that ....Bilgsnipes anus!!! I'll kill him!!!"  The man burst up out of his seat and was storming through the house, Bruce caught him around the waste.
However, it wasn’t, when Tony looked back he saw only a very concerned looking Thor whose voice was just starting to break through the fading shrill noise in the inventors ears.
Steve straightens up in his seat, assuming the movie was finished though he hadn’t caught the credits… or anything else. “That was …interesting.”
Tony had been a little worried about the gift, but after really thinking about it he thought it would be a good way for Steve's little side to work through some of the hurt he held over his lost friend. "Do you like it sweetheart?"
Looking back, Barnes couldn't even remember the last time he saw Loki finish a meal or have anything more substantial than a cup of tea. The alpha was kicking himself for not noticing it sooner. Had this really been going on for month’s right under his nose? Loki had that battle field like this, expended all that energy and then had his heat. No wonder he was in such a state. A tiny voice in the back of Barnes mind taunted him.
He couldn’t see Peter anymore, not now, there was too much blood on his hands and Peter was too innocent.
The merchant’s hall was a noisy place filled with old men who drank far too much ale and boasted of deeds far grander in their own minds than reality itself. Steve was directed to a back room of the hall, lead down a narrow walkway where the sound from the main parlor was muffled into silence the farther he walked, and to a meeting room.
Tony squirmed against the enthusiasm. “Alright big fella, calm down a little you’re gonna bruise up the goods.”
So they did, Bucky didn’t know how long it had been when he felt the jolt next to him. The assassin slept lightly and was alert as soon as his omegas muscle tensed. “Loki what’s wrong?”
Being pregnant was one thing, Loki could handle that...he was god! Blessed with glorious purpose after all. However, being being pregnant and left to babysit a toddler?
Even so with all the positives, Loki felt the annoyance of his preheat since the early morning. Given, he was in a better state than he had been weeks ago, and while he was still not well from months of neglected self-care. Loki was on his way back, learning day-by-day that is wasn't selfish to take care of himself, that he rightfully deserved it.
“Steve...we got this” Bucky assures. He knows that since finding out that the twins had a few mild health problems from Steve's genetics. It had taken a toll on the omega but the pack had rallied around the couple and their pups.
That was good; Tony either didn’t think about writing out that bit of protocol or subconsciously didn’t want to. It was a good sign. It meant there was a possibility he might be able to end this peaceably.
Their next date was that weekend, yet again Steve found a garment bag waiting for him when he returned home from the gym. This one held something a bit more casual -still too expensive when Steve noted the labels.  He humored the alpha got dressed in the slacks and sweater that was probably cashmere if the luxurious feel was anything to go by. When Steve opened his door to head to the elevator he spotted Tony waiting out side. The billionaire was leaning against the wall in a burgundy button up and matching shades. Steve had to take a moment to appreciate the view. He also noticed the long stem peach colored rose held in the inventor’s hand.
“Damn it…” Tony cursed seeing the dark red stain on Steve’s left side. “How bad is it? Do you feel like you’re gonna pass out?” He asked concern coloring his voice now, the look of disappointment erased. This was no time to worry about how Steve may or may not feel about his old friend.
He was going to be a Lord of industry and Howard had planned his life out from start to finish. The old man even went as far as compiling a list of “appropriate partners” for his son’s future. All beautiful omega girls with shining pedigrees. Daughters of other CEOs from around the world, Families with political ties, and most of them as dumb as a sack of hammers.
However, this wasn't just about Loki. There was a part of him that ached to hear glee filled laughter, to have someone look up to him with eyes full of hope and call him Dad. James wanted to be the kind of man he didn't get the privilege of knowing.
So they agreed and Howard went to work on fusing the arm to Bucky’s shoulder, it was a painful endeavor but in the end, the metal appendage moved and reacted just as a human limb would. Bucky said it felt ‘eerie’ but better than nothing did. Afterward, Howard took the group through his ‘experimental weapons’ vault. Showing them all the things, they would be equipped with for their voyage.
Natasha took her hand back and thought over the conversation she had with Barnes during their stake out. Clearly, Loki wanted a family just as much if not more so if this had devastated him to this degree. Taking their continued childlessness as a personal failure. “Are you sure? Have you been to a doctor? Or talked to your Alpha about this?”
For Steve it was like falling, floating, and flying all at once. The world hazed over and all he felt was the hard bite on his throat and the orgasm tingling through his limbs. He wasn’t even sure he knew how to breathe for a moment, in fact, he was pretty sure he’d stopped for a moment until feeling strong hand wrap around his chest and belly.  Alpha was there, alpha would take care of everything. It was ok now, the babies were ok, they would live and be healthy and Steve was good. He felt it all filling his head at once, a powerful love washing over him and he knew….this was Tony. This warm swirling feeling like satin sheets and expensive coffee. ‘You’re mine, only mine, I love you, I need you, I’ll never let go, and I can’t lose you.’
It wasn’t hard to see why Steve wouldn’t want to tell just anyone. The man was an icon, a living legend whom - up until recently, was Americas greatest Alpha. In Steve’s eyes that made him a lair. Even if the choice hadn’t been, his and he hadn’t exactly been in a position to correct it in the last half century.  There was also the problem of dynamics, in the old days there would have been no way a pack would consider an omega a worthy leader. Times had changed though, leaders where selected and followed based on merit first and everything else fell second. At least in the more educated circles.
He moved over their heads to get behind the approaching troops firing toward the Hydra agent’s backs. This tactic proved essential in parting the troops as some turned around to chase him.
“Captain Rogers, may I ask a very personal question?”  She finally said as her cheeks tinged in pink.
Loki hadn't slept well the night before and ended up rising with the sun to start breakfast, something he had taken to more often than not these days. Evidently, the little one shared some of his bearers early morning tendency and found his way into the kitchen where his uncle was cooking.
“I told you to go before we left Clinton.” Phil chimed in from the quinjet. “ I can switch on the tracking in Caps boots if no one has him.”
James is behind him in two long strides, heavy hand on his shoulder. “The you fix it. That's what you do, and we kick its ass cause that's what we do. Me, Nat, Steve, Clint, every damn person in this tower. We got your back, as annoying as you can be your my brother now. I won't let you down ya here me? Till the end of the line Stark.”
This was going to take work, some days it would be all he could to pull himself up and keep going. The point was he could keep going, not for anyone else but himself. If he wanted to show who he was he could only do it himself. No one else was going to write his story.
The Captain liked to think he was a patient man, but after a few hours of having his favorite sight dangled in front of him - he wasn't quiet as well behaved.
Loki breathed out a relived sigh, scrubbing his palms over his face. Every moment now seemed stressful. Holding himself taut as a bow string 24/7.
Pepper noticed right away, “Steve, if  you noticed something strange you know what we all agreed. Loki might be Bucky's but if there's any question on if he's doing something wrong…”
There was a time he would have laughed at someone who worried this much, someone who agonized over every decision, someone with regret. There was a time he would have been glad to make it to his next birthday, yet would still throw himself into a fight to protect someone he saw being wronged.
Steve showed up later in his boots, some spare fatigue pants and with the promise they would go home and Tony would never do laundry again.
That's what made this all the more disturbing – they hadn't seen this coming. Sure there had been chatter about someone knew in the Hydra ranks, but it wasn't anything that left the SHIELD offices. They claimed to have a handle on things.
“Well look whose home, Greggy needs a welcome party.” Tony said darkly kicking his boosters into high gear.
After all, Phil had a lengthy talk with Fury this morning. He made it perfectly clear he would not defend him if Sargent Barnes came knocking on his door. Nick had a decent poker face sure, but Phil had a knack for seeing right through it. The director was all too aware that angering Barnes wouldn't just end with an annoyed super soldier. He would be opening himself up to the terrible wrath of a whole team of Avengers.
His men would say he fought valiantly, that even in the midst of certain doom the Captain held fast and raised his sword to heavens. Yet valor is not armor and courage no shield.
Poor James, most of his things had been remanded to a single drawer. Not that the alpha needed much in the way of beauty products. If he were honest, he would leave the house looking like a wild animal if it wasn't for his Omega. Loki took some strange pleasure in braiding his hair every morning before the alpha headed off to SHIELD and on the rare occasions when he would allow it –something more intricate as the styles on Loki’s home world. It was a quiet kind of bonding that they enjoyed in the early gray light of morning.
For a faint moment, Steve could smell the distress on him and turned. Their eyes met briefly before Loki can calm himself and insist that nothing is wrong. It is wrong and they both know it. Steve follow his eye line and realizes what causes the slip in the other omegas usually impenetrable facade.
James hasn't opened up to anyone about this, not Steve, not Sam during his sessions at the VA, and not Barton who has become like a little brother. For some reason, now seems like the time. On the other hand, maybe its just Nat, how she never pushes or reacts poorly to anything anyone tells her. Hell, he could call her at  Four am and say 'bring a shovel and meet me at this location.' and she wouldn't even question a body in the trunk. Some people would find that concerning but to James that spoke volumes about their friendship.
The dosage was high to combat the solders’ metabolism. Now it was a waiting game, Bruce could sense the alphas frayed nerves and excused himself after bringing the pair a pack of bottled water. “Have Jarvis page me if there’s no change in around 10 - 15 minuets. Or if you think he‘s going to need that IV.”
When suit popped up the Shield ship was making its second round and spotted the dented in red and gold break the surface. Hawkeye, who was standing on the bow, shot a grappling arrow to real Tony in.
“Tony listen to me, you came home and for good or bad at least you made it. You know that we will all be here for you every step of the way.” Bruce says as he kneels down on the carpet in front of him. Gentle weathered hands touching his face and neck. “Right now I need to make sure that you're ok. We have no idea the affect Extremis might have on your organs, especially your heart and what it might do to the reactor.”
Sam dawned a pack with thick metal arm bracers. “Old man Stark dose know that I can’t fly under water right? “He said, activating the bracelets as a halo of red glowing light mimicking wings appeared.
“Of course you do dear. I am very lovable.” Loki smirked, taking Bruce's hands to place around where their child resided. “We love you as well.”
His words cut by an abrupt splash that rained water over the lamp extinguishing its light. As well as soaking the bewildered human. Howard took a few trembling steps backward. He had a spear bow of his own design just out of reach. He wanted to blame the occurrence on something other than what his mind told him it was. What this completely foolish jaunt out to sea had been for.
He hoped like hell he wasn’t waking up after another 70 years, to a world that could still be under the thumb madmen.
Melinda crossed her arms and watched from a few steps away. “It's not just one or two; Mac and Daisy said they saw a few guys gearing up. Unless Hydra recruited a family of identical octuplets, all these guys have the same face.”
They had this arrangement now, anytime. Anywhere. The thrill of almost being caught, of having this secrete from the world. This dirty, decedent, secret.
Tony looked around as the room filled up, he was fuming but wouldn’t out Steve in a room full of people. “Sit down Rogers.”
“Yes. Yes…” Steve drooled pressing his hips back until he felt Tony’s thighs pressed his. “So deep Alpha…please…”
Tony popped his jaw and turned on his heels. “Ya know, I know I’m sure the old man did a lot of important work being the leading death dealer for years but I haven’t had my coffee yet and I don’t really feel like reminiscing so if you could excuse me.”
A sigh escaped him as clever fingers sought out the soft opening pushing between his warm folds. Each languid movement complimented with kisses that traveled down his chest and abdomen. The soft scratch of facial hair sending a shiver up his spine.  He could feel the alpha smile against his skin with separately breathy shudder, the cocky snot.
The redhead alpha chuckled and shook her head, “He’s gotten a little better. Who knows, by the time your actually ready to give birth he might not pass out or anything.”
Dark tinctured windows oscillated with the bass beat as Dave Mustane's unmistakable voice screamed out “Peace sells but who's buyin?” over an aggressive guitar lick.
Tony just chuckled humorlessly and rolled his head to the side. “Sorry buckaroo, think its in there pretty firm.” If Barnes thought his drill Sargent act was going to make a difference he was about to be sadly mistaken. Natasha had tried idle treats and bargaining and she didn't even make it past the door. Why did he even let him in.
“He is yours, a son Thor, blessed with your eyes. This is our child, a child given to me by the magic of the sea. He is destined to be king one day.” She sobbed and held the babe close, the great oaf would eat up her words hook line and sinker.
Entering the bedroom turned temporary sick room, James was hit with a wave of depression and confusion. Loki was too weak to keep up his false face or hide from his alpha. It aches seeing someone you love suffering. All the agony and sadness nearly brought James to his knees right then and there but he pressed on. He had to stay strong now more than ever, no matter how terrified he was on the inside. Hey doll face. You had me so worried.” He speaks softly and strokes Loki's hair, Bruce said the pain medication was guess work at best, and not to be alarmed if Loki seemed disoriented. “I'm sorry if you're sore at me for letting Bruce help you. You know I love you baby and I just want you to be okay.”
If he was damaged then he would just be damaged, he would live that pain because what else was there?  Maybe it was time to give up?
The asset struggled, his metal arm hanging useless from the repulsor blast. His remaining human hand desperately trying to lodge a knife between the side plates of the armor.
“Captain Steven Grant Rogers. Serial number Zero four six two three six two T four two four three zero.”
Loki wished there was an answer to everything, some magic in the world that would somehow undo the wrongs he felt. A way to turn back the clock and never know the things that hurt him most.  Life didn't work like that, there is no reset button and once you pierce the veil thats it.  He found himself compartmentalizing and tucking away all the difficult emotions because he was ready to feel them. Feeling them meant dealing with it and dealing with it meant talking about it.  That...was something he not going to do.
Days melted into weeks as the ship sailed north, following the maps to the ultimate destination. In the meantime, the crew acquainted themselves with the new weapons and implements they had been given. Things of near fantasy that Howard Stark had created under the sole purpose for revenge.
“I think we all need to sit down and talk about this. Bucky can't do this alone, I know he thinks he can but I don't think anyone could handle this alone.”
Loki will never forget hearing his mother scream for healers as his Brother entered carrying the seemingly lifeless child.
“Hope you don't have any plans to take a stroll later Babe.” He said through smirking lips. “Cause you'll be walkin real funny.”
“A-are you sick? A-are you gunna die like papa? A-are you gunna leave me Ple-please don’t leave me daddy!” Peter dissolved into sobs and Tony couldn’t believe what the child had said.
The guards snapped to attention nodding toward their senior agent. “Agent Coulson how are you Sir.” One of the men said.
It had been a fear of Steve's when they first found  Bucky,  he was happy to see his friend getting help. That help by extension was making James stronger for the fight here at home. No one wanted to think that Loki would do that to Bucky, but no one thought the God of Lies would ever sob like a frighten child.
“I'm kidding, you can unclench Stark. It's about Extremis, the project I was working during the summit.”  She assured, asking if he even remembers the project  that had promised to be revolutionary even then, though there were still quite a few kinks to work out. While she remember the night they shared in crystal clarity something about the long pause made her realize it hadn't nearly been as memorable to the famed- Genius, billionaire, playboy. Then again, it had been along time ago.
Things had been quiet since the big reveal to the team, Pepper and Phil had gone about taking Steve under their wing. In the gentlest way possible of course.
“You used me!” Steve was furious stalking up to Fury who did not appear to care for the other man’s aggression.
“I was just thinking, Peter and Wendy will be starting pre-school soon, then kindergarten so they won’t be as much of a handful at least for most of the day. In addition, the team has grown a lot in the last few years. We hardly ever get called out on joint missions any more, I haven’t had an assignment in a few months actually.”
“I don’t know what you need Steve, or what a kid could need.” he said turning to look at the omega. It struck him then how unsure and young Steve looked. It was so uncommon to see so much open vulnerability on the blondes face and it made Tony want to gather the man his arms and lock him away in the penthouse somewhere dark and warm and try everything to change that. To bring back that confidence and sass. “Tell me Steve.”
Tonight however, Loki wanted to fill their floor of the tower with scents of home. He wanted the magic of spices and herbs to carry all of his hopes. Didn't the mortals have a saying that the way to a mans heart is through his stomach?
“Alright, come on.” The alpha said helping him to his feet. Looking around Natasha and Clint were already there cuffing Bucky and holding the soldier up between them.
Rogers watched clips were War Machine had tried to intervene and Tony raised his repulsor and fired on his own friend. He was sure that Colonel Rhodes was fine, the hit had only been enough to damage the armor nothing more, but still. That wasn’t Tony; none of this could be Tony. The violence, the rage, this couldn’t be him; there had to be a mistake. This had to be some kind of nightmare that he would wake from because Tony Stark could never be broken like this.
“Peggy, please come with me…it…He won’t come out and… You have to come I think he may have the revolver.” The shaken words were enough to prompt Peggy into action. Sleeping on a pair of shoes and dashing down the sodden cobblestone streets toward the Stark home.
Tony gasps placing a hand over his chest in mock horror, “Such language! I know someone who would wash your mouth out with soap for that. Come on, we both have extremis; well...you have the bootleg sad beta tester. I have the future. We both know how this is going to end.”
“I'm not sad, I am truly happy to have such a smart little helper.” the words were thin but the child let go. “Why don't you sit at the table and watch the timer for me?”
Scratch that, something like this was always happening. They should have known, Tony should have known - every time he gets a little taste of happiness it blows up in his face. Sometimes literally.
There was one other thing he wasn't sure he was ready for but it wasn't like he had much of a choice – Loki.
Dear sweet norns this could not be happening. “Are you....truly not about to put that in your mouth.”
“Ah yes…well.” She stalled looking back at the chart and flipping a few pages. “It’s just…I noticed something so… Doctor Banner told us about your nature and the recent treatments he has administered. However, he did not divulge any personal information and so just to be clear at what I’m looking at here I have to ask.”
Steve laughed indulgently and pointed with the spatula at the fridge. “ You can get out some veggies and cut them up, carrots, broccoli, and celery. Then pour them each a little cup of ranch dressing.”
Steve shivered and looked at the clock, he didn’t have to be anywhere for hours. Part of him wondered though if Bucky would let him change out of everything. It wouldn’t be the first time he went to a meeting or charity event with a pair of nylons or lace underwear hidden beneath his clothing. Rogers still fretted over the possibility that one day he’d get a call to assemble and be injured on the field. The embarrassment of disrobing in the med bay and some nurse seeing him in a pair of satin panties.
The day he left for Afghanistan for the weapons testing of Jericho he surprised Joanna with flowers. He thought maybe when he got back he would give it an honest go with her, maybe Stane was right. Maybe Pepper was right; he was not like his father not completely. He was not broken.
All he wanted in that moment was to make it right, and maybe something or someone was listening because the doors opened and the one person he wanted was standing there.
Part of the inventor wondered however, was it truly over? As the adrenalin began to ebb away and he felt the painful cold biting his skin. Maybe this was just a new kind of hell, a kind where he had to look in Steve’s eyes and see the reflection of what he had become looking back.
He took off the helmet and looked down at the beast he’d made himself into, ‘It’s going to finally be finished babe, everything that you worked so hard for. Then I’m done – then I’ll come home.”
It felt like he couldn't do anything right. He tried to reach out maybe a kind ear would bend his way once but not twice, on the second occurrence the once kindness turned to annoyance and then he was just being 'over dramatic'
The young siren lifted her head and clenched her fists, she had to do this. What it terrifying? Yes… but her friend needed her and the world they knew had been torn inside out and tumbled upside until it was crashing down around them. “Yeah,” her resolve found as she looked down at her straining friend. “Go. I’ll keep Tony safe.”
The bath was easier that trying to make Loki eat, that was the first and only reaction James seemed to be getting. Loki would turn his head away and whimper 'no...Please…please just stop.' every time James tried to get him to eat or drink. The omega was weak and shaking, he needed something in his system badly.
“We all know how this story ends.” Loki said, he had been given back his life to live again but still… he was the same inside. Still the monster beneath lying skin. Still the extra son, what good could he be?
Bruce gestured to the pan as Steve looked down at the mess as well. “The meat, I think it's ready to add to the pasta now, unless you are making a puree of some kind. Are you okay?”
That was good, the dent the door… Steve hurt the bastard, at least Tony hoped so. “What do we have on tracking them?”
He was everything a male of their species should be, everything she lusted for from his voice to the shine of his slate gray scales peppered in crimson and blue. Her first endeavor to seduce him had nearly worked. He was dim, young then, and willing to follow the lead of any sparkling eyes. Unfortunately, his fellows were not so ignorant of her ambitions nor her reputation.
“No, and even if we could with your metabolism you would have to pop them like mints all day. The point is that your body chemistry isn’t like anything I have seen. By some accounts, I would consider you an Alpha, by others…. I don’t know. At present, all I know is that your hormone levels seem situational sensitive.  Stress and Adrenaline raise your Testosterone levels, which in a sense suppress you the same way today’s chemical suppressant injections would. However, keeping you in a constant state of stress really isn’t an option.” Bruce sighed and looked down at his hands. “Trust me when I say that’s no way to live.”
Steve had made to 18 weeks without any trouble. The twins both looked to be growing at the appropriate rate and appeared to be healthy and thriving. It was a massive weight off the couple’s shoulders. With more time behind them, the twin’s chance at survival went up exponentially. With that, the fear of something happening went down little by little. That was not to say there was no risk, the babies still needed to make it into the next trimester safely. If anything happened, they would be able to survive outside the womb after 20 weeks, though the more time they had the better, as twins were typically smaller.
The other gentleman stood and smiled, he was tall and handsome, and his dark skin complimented the light blue t-shirt he wore. “Sam Wilson, I know who you are Mr. Stark. You might not remember me but I’m the guy who flew for project Falcon during the war.”
Howard was the worst of them, he was old school, Maria was to be seen and not heard. She accepted it with poise and grace; she smiled even when there was nothing to smile about.  Even through all the hell she always smiled, Tony hated that.
Pride was something all well and good when it's something you are raised with. When your heritage is something that is in your culture and woven into your daily life with traditions and stories. However, Loki had the opposite impression of his ancestry. Growing up sincerely believing he was just like the other Aesir, Loki was only exposed to a dark and tainted view point on a species that was far enough away to become something of a boogie man.
“You’re scared, so am I.”  Steve’s voice wobbled slightly as he reached out to his alpha. “But this will make me feel safer.”
Honestly, he was happy that it wasn't the gold and green armor of the fallen nobles’ previous invasion garb. No towering helm or rather obnoxious cape. In there place were jet-black leathers and dark metal bracers. The man looked more like an assassin than a Prince. Twin blades sliding into his hands as the Ravenette stalked through the fray.
Little by little, he was fitting in and learning to smile without pretense. Here on Midgard there was no need to hold ones self apart from the commoners. Here Loki could simply ...be, and no one would judge him.
Walking back to the mansion felt like walking to the gallows, don’t get me wrong I like kids, I really do! Just…having one is somewhat inconvenient for me. Also, thinking about how ridiculous I was going to look waddling around in the uniform…
His jaw clenched imperceptibly before Steve stood with all the military readiness he could muster. Tony reached out and touched his hand, silently asking if he wanted him to go along. Steve shook his head; he wanted to get this over with and with as few witnesses as possible. He hated doctors and this type of thing he had always loathed.
It was something Tony had seen before, something even he had felt before. It was that cold, dirty, self-inflicted bitterness. Yeah, Tony knew all about that.
Stark seemed to find this amusing and took the seat across from the redhead. “Perhaps you didn’t see because you were not looking. There are things in this world Captain, which science cannot even imagine. Monsters that will take your very heart with a smile on their face.”
Coming home was like the first week in the tower, only instead of everyone looking at him like he was going to snap and kill them. It was just pity in their eyes. Barnes wasn’t sure what was worse.
Today was special. Steve had just come home from a rough month-long mission and he had just barely kept it together when he saw Tony.
Every time Tony closed his eyes, he found flashes of peachy skin warmed with feverous want. Pink pert nipples and gold hair, blue eyes glazed and dilated.  He’d had two cold showers today and right now, he just couldn’t give a fuck.. Or could give one…to Steve, which was beside the point.
Tony looked back having over heard the conversation, “Try again Mini Me, more like 37...right about when I let you date.”
So no, the glass could never be half-full for him. Not until he was unafraid of it being empty. To lose fear of loneliness meant freedom, it was a freedom he had lost the moment he placed his hands in those of James Buchanan Barnes. He handed over his heart that day and let a mortal man have the only thing with in worth having. He did all of this gladly and would do it a thousand times over. Loki was well and truly helpless to this man, he did the one thing he swore he wouldn't do and now he would fight tooth and nail to keep that love. If he had to lie – so be it, if he had to swallow down every ounce of poison his broken heart could provide – he would. He would do it because he Loved James Barnes ...more than he loved himself.
The poor man looked flabbergast at the small back seat compartment trying to figure out how in the world both he and Steve would ever fit. It was not logical or practical.
“The great mac and cheese debacle of 2017” Steve said feeling the alpha shiver. “That was more Clint than you if we're being honest.”
“Loki...I know in shiny god land you all lay around on silk pillows and eat grapes, but here on earth we like meat and processed sugar. So yes I am going to eat this. I am going to eat the hell out of this and enjoy every moment of it.” Tony said placing the bacon and cheese covered beef patties between two frosted doughnuts.
Looking down the alpha understood why, he also understood that he’d been right. “Oh honey I’m so sorry…” They were tied and there was a bit of blood, not enough to be concerned considering the serum would heal Steve. Still, it didn’t wash away the slight shame Tony was feeling. He wrapped his arm around the soldier and felt the distended belly Steve was now sporting. “Mmm, we went for a while huh…you’re all full.” He hummed, despite the pain he caused the alpha couldn’t help but be a little proud of himself. That primal part of his brain that demanded the omega be bred full.
Steve was loosing his mind. His fingers lacing back through the billionaire’s dark hair griping it to the root. He pinched his eyes closed when Tony finally swallowed him down.  “Fuck…” he breathed and couldn’t take it anymore, Tony knew exactly every button to press. That bastard.
“You can't just ground me on this, I lead this team Stark! I have the most experience with Hydra, it doesn't make sense for anyone else to go.”
Steve shrugs his shoulders. “Different times, But hey look where we are now?” The kind man smiles and gently places a comforting hand on Loki's frail shoulder.
On the other side of the door, Steve was wondering the exact same thing.  Between all of the blood samples and strange machines, Steve was not feeling exactly hopeful.
“Tony.. Ya know, if you don’t want to…” Steve started but was cit short by a strawberry pushed between his lips.
It felt easier to hand the child off to a wet nurse and swim away as if his hands were pained from holding the infant. Surely, a woman would be enough; he simply could not spend another day alone with the false child.
“That is no lie brother. You are no more a monster than I, you are my family. You are James' mate and family to all here under brother Stark's protection.” Thor pulls the sobbing raven from his embrace to look at him.“You are Frigga's son, no matter who bore you.”
Tony rolled his eyes, “Quite spangles we’re sceincing.” Stark tapped the hologram, “You said it’s treatable, well bullet wounds are treatable too, they had to use enough dope to make nurse Jackie blush but they still managed to knock him out and stabilize everything like they would anyone else.”
“Jesus Christ” Bruce mumbled from behind his hands. “He’s going to hate us after this you know that right?”
“I can set that up with Jarvis, normal procedure would say in a month but if you feel a change of any kind feel free to contact me. Again it’s been wonderful meeting you and best of luck” She offered a hand that Steve shook with a smile and equal thanks of his own.
“It was supposed to get better. That’s what everyone said.” he muttered, thumb cranking back the hammer. “It doesn’t their still dead. Obie, he keeps bringing me these women and…I can’t all I see is her face. I look at them and see her cold dead face. I can hear Anthony crying at night, just like that first night.”
They had made the call, everyone was coming to try and confront Tony. Some weird intervention, Bruce didn’t like the idea of cornering the billionaire when Tony was so clearly unstable. Nonetheless it was the best idea they had.
Steve had been sent out to help stop them, he wanted to go. He wanted to finish Hydra once and for all. He needed to end this now. Rogers was so tired of never being able to take out this cancer at its root. This time it would be different. He had a family to protect and once and for all he was going to destroy Hydra.
The bag crunched in the soldier’s hands, “All that’s left are cheap chips and me! Soon you’re not even going to want me around; I’m a lab rat Stark, a fat lab rat eating pickle chips on the toilet!”  Big crocodile tears slid down the blonds red face, it was one of those horrible ugly cries too, equipped with wobbling chin and stuffy nose. This just went from bad to horrible in record time.
As it seemed, that gentler warmer part of Steve won as the sun went down and the other occupants of the farmhouse tucked in for a well-needed rest.
“Doll..we talked about that.” James sighed but smiled. Loki sounded more like himself everyday and it was wonderful.
Something on the alpha's expression turns sour, “Maybe you don't. Maybe the old me was broken and not worth knowing. This me…this is who you need babe. Can't you just accept this for what it is? I mean, you're getting a hell of a deal here.”
Finding Steve beaten to hell, his back was such a mess Tony wasn’t even sure how to touch him. “Baby..hey.. Come on wing head open those baby blues”  Tony worked as fast as he could snapping the chains and barking out orders over the com. Friday had relayed his GPS location to the team when he first breached the compounds side wall.
“eh..shut up ya mook.” he joked slouching comfortably  in his chair. Bucky knew this would come up sooner rather than later, “he’s not like he was, not that I know about then but, I know what Thor said, I’ve seen some of the footage. That’s not him anymore.”
“I was asked.” She replied nonchalantly, though it sounded more like ‘You have a metal arm not metal eyes, get it together.’ Because Natasha had a way of insulting without actually insulting you.
A long-range photo of the billionaire’s pain would later sell for 80grand. The paparazzi evidently never took a day off.
Damn… What do I say. On the upside, he doesn’t seem angry, not really. I’ve seen Tony angry and this just seemed like a mild annoyance.  “What was I suppose to do Tony. I never thought this would happen and I didn’t want you to think I did it on purpose. Cause I didn’t, plus I didn’t think you’d be too thrilled about it.”
Steve frowned looked back trying hard to remember what code that was and still couldn’t place it. “The what?”
“Huh…it actually can get tighter…Bruce, I think Steve’s outfit is defying physics. It shouldn’t do that, I think that needs testing. Steve would you be a peach and whip that off? Maybe do a little spin for daddy?”
The woman’s eyes focused on the point of light and then traveled up to the merman’s pained face. It couldn’t be. What she was seeing was a boy in his mid-twenties that looked remarkably like Howard Stark.
“It’s been almost a year.” Bucky finally said walls crumbling. “Sometimes it’s like he’s there and other times he couldn’t be farther away. I wanna believe there‘s an end to this, one that wont.. Well, I know what everyone‘s worried about.”
Sure, he knows about Loki's past, but this was the first time he actually saw what he was capable of. First time he'd seen even a glimpse of the man featured in SHIELDS files. Maybe it was stupid of him to compartmentalize who Loki was in those images from the invasion and the man he knew. Loki had been just as much of a victim as anyone after having been abused and brainwashed. It would have been the pot calling the kettle black considering all the deaths the winter soldier was responsible for. Even so, there had been a moment of jarring realization. A terrible clarity when all he could think of was the sweet sleep tousled hair of his omega and then this version of him, standing there ready for battle and unapologetic about the slaughter. There was something so painfully desperate in those eyes, a look that James knew well from his days on the run. It was the same look that glared back at him in dirty broken mirrors and fetid water reflections. He never wanted to see his omega with that look.
“The serum, she means the serum.” Steve quipped looking over at a plant in the corner. It was one of those ferns with the long thin leaves, he let his eyes track along the veins of green and wondered if Pepper was the one to pick it out like most of the towers decor or if maybe Bruce had brought it in.  He was willing to think about anything other than what was going on right now.  Wished he could be anywhere else than listening to Simmons give words to what he’d already considered. That even as the governments ‘physical perfection’ his body was still attacking itself, still letting him down. Something’s never change.
By the end of the battle and clean up both men were so tired there was literally nothing sexy about staggering into the penthouse and peeling each other out of their clothes. The shared shower was more about comfort than anything else was, Steve kissed the bruising that Tony have from getting knocked around in the armor. In turn, the Alpha lovingly ran a soapy sponge over the soldiers face and chest to clear away the sweat and grime.
He had seen it  in his Alpha, Logan carried around so many ghosts of the past and there where times that he sat up in the night and stared out in the darkness for hours.  Kurt had also seen it in himself a time or two, he never had an easy time of it but his faith kept him strong, his friends and family had buoyed him on in those dark hours.
Yet Phil had somehow maintained his distance. It wasn't so much out of fear than simply not knowing what to say.
Joseph Rogers, the young man who had caught Sarah's eye- had been a hard man to love. At times he was too stubborn and saw the world in black and white. He was a soldier and son of a Duke who was once a highly decorated general of the kings army. Joseph had every intention of following in his father's footsteps. Thankfully there was another part of his father's legacy he also intended to follow. The duke adored his wife and son, and like him – Joseph had loved Sarah and their happiest day he loved their first born son- Steven.
“You can't shelter me from this.” Loki gently twisted his desperate fingers in the soft cotton shirt, pressing his face into the familiar curve of neck. He distantly remembers being so small and sleepy as his brother carried him. Wondering when that was and why he recalled it now of all times. Why he couldn't have thought of such tender times when nothing but anger had consumed him.
There was one thing that Amora had neglected to consider in her great plan, she may have found the wonder of the see in the baby boy’s eyes…but she did look at his hair.
As the babies became more active, Steve wasn’t the only one talking to them. Nor was he always aware of that fact.
Flying out of the elevator Tony’s heart sank even further. He should have listened to Bruce. “Spangles…hey its ok… Hey look at me!” Stark called out nervously as he wiggled between the wall and the side of the curved divider. It had been a pain in the ass to get in the room, Steve slept like a log though.
“Figured Jarvis would have picked up the info seeing as I didn’t bother encrypting it.” She smirked, her foot propelled her body off the wall towards him, poster not threatening but not quiet relaxed.
What Xavier finds worries him greatly. A disordered mind a wash with loathing and abysmal darkness, memories in tattered little boxes and shattered mirrors bearing the image of a monster. The grotesque monster was a caricature of the man before him. A hideous thing with hollow eyes and sharp teethe. Was this how Loki saw himself?
When he pulled up Steve’s ITunes he expected to find nothing made after 1945, loads of big band and swing. That was not the case, knowing what he knew now however made this easier to understand. Tony wondered if he had seen this before what he would have thought. Maybe he would just have mercilessly teased Rogers for all the Celine Dion and Celtic Woman. Tony flitted his eyes down the lists and spied a collection titled ‘T’ strange name for a play list but knowing Steve he’d probably been trying to type something and then clicked out of it and couldn’t figure out how to change it.
The pups cheered and pulled out new sheets of paper. Steve was sure that half a wall down in the workshop was covered with the kids doodles. It was adorable really, Tony had insisted they hang every single one and the workshop wall was really the only good place for it. Plus, barring any major fires the little works of art were safe and not plaster all over the fridge. Both very good things. The other avengers had equal amounts of the little tokens of pride from the pups. Such as Bruce's lopsided coffee mug, rainbow colored targets that hung in the archery and gun range, a Unicorn sticker still slapped on the side of Thor's hammer (he apparently thought it was a blessing of battle and no one wanted to ruin it), and all the times Bucky and Sam walked around Shield with painted nails or bows in their hair.
Standing there on the bridge the words still didn't seem real, this all had to be a terrible nightmare.
James slipped in on the other side and wound an arm around his mate’s waist. “I'm home today too, if you just want to rest up. We got that fancy bath stuff Pepper sent over here for you. You know I'd love to spoil you.”
With knowledge in hand Loki set off to the vast fields and forest of the realm to procure his first gift of courting.
The next date was announced when Steve opened his gym locker and found a single yellow rose with red tipped petals. The flower had a bow tied hallway down the thorn-less stem where two movie tickets nestled.
Loki smiled his blue skin shimmering back to white. “I appreciate your efforts, it may well take a saint to ease my ills I'm afraid.”
This was for the good of the team, this was to protect Steve. That’s what Tony told himself as he spread the yellowed old documents out on the bed.
That morning's gym session had been a productive one. It felt good to leave the apartment without having to worry, Loki had been having a streak of good days and it felt like the steady progression into healing was really gaining some traction. James hadn't felt that tug of 'stay' along their bond as he had come to sense so much lately when kissed his omegas brow. That morning had been a gentle one filled with soft touches . A soft word of “I'll be back soon, just down in the gym if ya need me.” and a return of “Take your time my darling.”
Howard was sure this was a horrible idea, still - he swung the lantern from the ships bow as the sailor had told him. It was meant to signal the sirens to the ship, ‘a light in the darkness’ the man had said. Comparing the golden glow of the oil lamp to the lighthouses steering ships safely to shore. The light would show the mer there was no harm to come to them if they should approach the vessel. Howard was skeptical, and rightly so. No one had believed the sailors tales - who in their right mind would?
“Anthony… It’s alright, hush now it will be alright.” Loki assured placing his palm over the boy’s chest as it pale skin turned red and beads of blood seeped through the skin. He didn’t know what this was and it terrified him, he always thought the light had something to do with the stone, why Amora would have placed the stone in the child’s chest he didn’t know. Truthfully, he was too afraid to find out. Afraid to lose the only good thing he had in this world.
Having lived here among humans, even loving one, he hadn't really embraced them into his heart and mind as he had in these passing weeks. Mortals were not all so focused on unattainable perfection or appearance; despite what Stark may say of media jackals. From what Loki had seen, humans – the better ones at least, they cherished things like independent thought and learning. A place where art and music was praised as much as sport and feats of superior strength.
The omega hummed in agreement while slipping on their son’s socks. “Wendy, Peter don't forget the special pictures you made for your Uncles. I know you worked hard on them.”
Jim could still remember that first conversation he had with Fury. He’d asked only one thing ‘ if it gets out of hand, you let me bring him in’ Rhodes didn’t want some shield agents surrounding Tony with some high powered weapons trying to shoot the man out of the sky.  He had fought with Tony, flown with him, he knew all of Stark's tricks and he could bring down the suit with out hurting Tony. At least not permanently.
"Yeah...yeah he is." Steve had a little bitter smile at that, he wanted to say 'but he's my idiot'; however he didn't. Bucky had so understood about that but still... They had something all those years ago and now, now, Steve wasn't sure what they had. Whatever it was he knew he loved Tony too much to just abandon what they were building together. Why did his heart have to belong to two of the most beautiful and infuriating men in the entire world?
All the while trying to keep an eye on his stepfather’s cat. The old tomcat had a sour disposition and one remaining eye. Its name fitting, Fury.
“Ah, would you like to go and have lunch? I understand that your alpha is away at the moment.” There was an underling comment there, it seemed like Loki's Alpha was away a lot lately and Kurt wasn't sure if maybe that was what had the omega in such a state or not. For some the distance could cause illness or depression.  Somehow he thought this might be deeper than simply missing ones mate.
The digital images pixilated for a moment before sharpening into clarity, the woman is tall and formidable looking in her tight black garb, her hair in sleek waves obscuring half of her face like an old Hollywood starlet of days gone by.
Howard stumbles away from the cold truth of it and his back impacts with the corridor wall. Part of him wants to give up right then, just sink to the floor, pray that the earth opens beneath him, and swallows him whole. Yet he does not do that because there is one thing in all this darkness...one light left and he needs desperately to know if it's still there. "And the baby?"
“The hits keep on coming, Mallen's also got a rap-sheet a mile long and ties to the Aryan brotherhood. A real swell guy to invite home to meet Ma.” Barnes flips a few surveillance photos onto the table. “He's aligning himself with a small cell of domestic terrorists. They have a hydra connect to, how high it goes we don't know. Nat was able to lift a blackberry off of one of them, nothing but porn, burner numbers and all the speed dials were pizza joints.”
Steve looked so submissive like this, Tony had no idea the effect on him would be so immediate. Part of him wanted to tell Bruce to leave them and lick a strike up the soldiers’ exposed neck. The inventor fought the thoughts away. Now was not the time, they needed to help Steve first and foremost.
Loki wanted to feel more like the rest of the Midgardian so Darcy suggested that in order to fit in he learn a bit more about the culture of earth. In her opinion the best way to do that was ‘friggin tunes, if you have a soul you will like music, though the jury is out if you do.. have a soul.”
“What the hell does that mean for us?” Barnes said, looking around the corner to see Mallen standing up – his body regenerating.
Tony thinks it is somewhat cute how the bots miss him so much when he has been away from them for a while. Like excited puppies hearing the front door open, they come rolling up to him when he enters the shop. Each time he steps through the doors it is like coming home for the first time. Before the alpha had settled down, he never really felt at home anywhere else. Some might call it cold to take comfort among metal and gears, but Tony doesn't feel that very at all. Growing up he was, as coddled and spoiled as some people might like to think. All he really had was the things he made with his hands. Circuits and wires lined his childhood dreams and through those aspirations and hard work came his “kids”. As troublesome as the bots could be they had been more than just projects between youthful transgressions.
Loki couldn't help but laugh, “Oh that's terrifying.”It gladdened his heart to believe his friends cared that much for him.“ I should be heading out, though.”he reiterated before finishing off the last of his tea.“We are meeting a bit before to group the children by what they are most interested in.
What followed was pandemonium. Sam took to the birds nest scanning the surface for any signs of their Captain. James wanted to climb in the sub himself and find his friend.
"I see that Petey pie," He said scooping the child into his lap to have a better look at the drawing.
“An electro magnetic door lock doesn’t care if you call it a ‘dirty girl’ before you pop it!” Wilson said tossing a pillow at the giggling man-child across the room.
“Calm yourself Lokison and friend. You are safe now, though that was a very foolish thing to do…awakening a behemoth. They prefer to sleep for at the very least a thousand years.” The mer said…or rather the not-mer; the woman who had saved them had a lower body that was a mass of writing black tentacles.
“J! Fire up the shower, Dummy and You - you two  are an wash and rinse duty make sure the Shelby is sparkling full detail! J I’m gonna need you to call Pep tell her to pick out a suit and tie for me oh and get Steve’s measurements and send Hap out to my tailor and see how fast he can get a suit made for my boy. I’m thinking navy with some light blue and gold tie. I also need reservations, pick a place you know what I like.” Tony was shouting out orders while pulling off his goggles and other work garments while heading to the elevator.
It was a usual weekday afternoon; Tony was busy working when he happened to look over his shoulder to make a comment to Steve when he noticed the omega was asleep.
“Our heir, reindeer games, and she's hungry.” Tony quipped as he dismantled a bacon cheese burger and flipped open a box of doughnuts.
“Tony!” Bruce is there and he’s holding his hand looking confused. The glass hadn't even cut through his flesh. “Tony...you need to tell me the truth right now.”
He thought, watching his fellow instructor pack up papers for the day and tidy up his class with the wave of a hand.
Somehow Peter knew his daddy was lying, just like when Papa said he was coming back. They were liars and that hurt. Peter didn’t want to be left alone, because who would take care of him? What if Auntie Pepper couldn’t keep him? All these things were so hard to understand and made his heart hurt.
It didn’t mater though because now Steve was up too and when the alpha made a play to grab him, he pushed the hand away with a poisonous glare.
Clint:.... I am legitimately nervous now. Come near me or my fabulous ass and i will shoot you between the eyes
Tony rolled his eyes and crossed his arms, “You’re the best we have right now Bruce and before you ask - No I’m not looking into any remnants of Shield. For all I know they are off in some shady underground lair saluting a hydra flag and circle jerking.”
“That's the thing,” She began “I live with this weird Alpha, Omega and their kids and these guys love second chances. It rubs off on the rest of us.”
“The thing, the thing where you just say a lot of things because there’s one thing that you’re not saying.”
Loki doesn't even look back at the beta, his shoulders straighten and he makes his stand. “I will not stand idly by Doctor Banner, I am a prince of Asgard and warrior by right.” He glances back and feels a tug in his heart watching Steve suffer. He moved closer once more and kneels down taking the blonde omega's chin in his hand. There isn't much he can do for Steve, but perhaps this will be enough.
Thinking about new pups made the omegas mind linger to a few floors below. “I should take Pepper something; she's probably lonely without Natasha there.” He mumbled aloud before looking back at the cookies he'd put in the oven for the kids.  “Maybe another batch.”
Last word she had was Fury’s meeting with the man days earlier, things had pretty much gone FUBAR after that. To barrow the phrase from Rhodes, who had tried the intercept Tony the day after…that hadn’t been pretty.
Bucky just smiled sadly and shook his head. He hated that Tony was so wounded by the people in his past that the other man couldn't see what he was worth. Couldn't see that he was so much more than a name and a trust fund. More than a star at MIT or future king of industry. More than the tabloids playboy in and out of rehabs and jail. Tony had so much to offer and it was terrifying how little Stark thought of himself. How much danger he put himself in with little or no regard for what might happen.
Loki had been clear that he swore no allegiance to SHIELD. Reformed or not Loki had always maintained that he was not a soldier or a puppet, he would let Barnes play the good company man but he would not. Yet here he was in the middle of the firefight between Shield and hydra. Then again, Barnes had always been able to handle himself in the field. If Loki was here then things inside must be worse than they thought.
Steve always said he’d stand up for what was right, the right thing to have done would have been to bring Bucky in. He didn’t do that, all he saw was his friend. His judgment wasn’t what it used to be. Friend or not Bucky was still a killer, at fault or not he still needed to answer for it. After that, maybe they could undo some of that damage Hydra had done. There was still at fear that what may have to be done if Bucky just couldn’t be helped. Would they lock him away? Would they kill him?
Tony rolled his shoulders with a crack before settling down on the sofa. “Pretty good, Fury and the B-Team are all tying things up in a nice little bow. How are you feeling?” He reached over and rubed the mound where their child rested. “Did you miss daddy ?”
If it didn’t he’d go down and see Bruce, he trusted the beta to quickly access the situation. Depending on the results they could decided what to do, Steve hoped if it was his heat they could stave it off if caught early enough.
“Pepper…she put it in the closet, with everything else of yours. It’s locked up actually cause…” Tony didn’t want to say it, Pepper was afraid that Tony would have slashed his wrists with Steve’s straight razor. He saw it in her eyes the day she came in and stowed everything away in the safe with explicit directions to Jarvis not to let Tony in.
Tony would laugh and point out that he was 19 and there was not a damn thing the old man could do anymore. He was not afraid of Howard anymore, he was not the scared kid who hid in closets when the man he called father would be so blind drunk waving a belt around. Not the child who coward and hid his face in his knees when the sound of screaming grew to loud, when slamming doors knocked the pictures from the walls. Tony would never be afraid of that again.
Loki sighed gathering his magic in his hands and holding them over his son’s chest. “He’s delirious Darcy, as soon as he is well enough I will take you both to safety. For now, we are in the safest place possible. Asgard forces will not allow the beast to breach further than it already has.” He tried to comfort the young ones, though honestly he was not sure if he believed his own words.
Steve leaned in and kissed his husbands head, “I know, it’s over now. To be honest I wouldn’t be surprised if Tasha isn’t in Fury’s office popping out his other eye.”
In the next moment, he's standing up and Barnes is calling him an idiot and shouting at him to get down. No, he's not an idiot not now… he was before to think that it would never come to this. Honestly, he should have done this years ago. “Relax Sergeant, go out and play with the other kids, daddy has some work to do.”
This had Tony’s attention. Peter was only 2 when they adopted him, at the time they hadn’t had much luck with conceiving due to the serum. Which made this little one such a miracle. The alpha turned away from his worktable and adjusted the goggles from over his eyes to nesting in his hair. He gave his omega a look that said ‘do you want me to or do you have this one?’
After a bit of searching Steve just gave up and grabbed a take-away list from the fridge. “Jarvis could you place an order with Vargas  brothers Pizzeria?”
“But Tony ..this thing, and her. I don't know how it could be her but if there's even a chance, she was a monster Tony. She was every bit the same kind of thing Schmitt was. She killed people and enjoyed it.” His desperation and fear was palatable, it hurt Tony to see Steve worry like this-worry for him. It wasn't often that Steve let those feelings show but when they did he wore them all over. The pain lines his face and filled his eyes, it hung around his shoulders and slid like streams down to his hands.
Slurred words begging someone, anyone, to make sure Loki was with Steve or Pepper, wouldn't make sense. Bruce and the med assistants would just smile and nod. “Don't worry Mr. Barnes.” they'd say and the world would fade to black once again.
It looked like everyone was still hunkered down post mission. The only greeting was from the towers AI as James was trying his best to carefully remove his mate from the car.
Fury turned and pointed at the screen. The former representations banished from sight leaving a brand-new more sinister set of visuals. “Hydra is now under the control of a woman calling herself Madam Hydra.”
“We have a tour coming today.” Agent Melinda May said as she looked to her superior and friend Phil Coulson.
Tony counted the event as a win and was already plotting out ways he could build suitable harnesses for the creatures.
Many of Hydras 'old boys club' felt that she could be the figurehead they needed if nothing else. A sleek and beautiful creature they could manipulate and hold up on a pedestal. Madam Hydra could become what Red Skull never could – with her beauty and the right amount of PR, they could change perception. They could creep out of the shadows and use her as a tantalizing lure for a younger generation. Maybe even turn public thinking against SHIELD.
All Natasha and he knew is that it was something valuable was being held in a vault at a nearby hi-tech pharmaceutical developer, and the word 'virus' was thrown around a lot. That couldn’t bode well even with the limit knowledge Barnes had on such things.
Filled with determination the soldier clenched his fits and straightened his back. If Fury’s men wanted a fight, he’d damn well give it to them.
“Naturally, take your time. I would love meeting all the little ones in the meantime.” Charles smiled and gestured to the pups whom were throwing this new person curious glances.
Once they were both ready to face the day, Steve carried Peter, with Tony walking just behind where the little one could see him, out into the kitchen to find breakfast ready set for three at the table. God bless Bruce Banner.
The idea of that made me feel sick all over again, as if by instinct I press my palm against the still flat expanse of my stomach. I needed to think about this. It’s not just me anymore, like it or not there’s someone else or an almost someone… Almost? No that sounds odd. That’s like saying I’m just a little pregnant. Pretty sure this is one of those all or nothing kinda things.
"Cut the crap reindeer games." he said climbing up the cracked and broken concrete steps. Loki wasn't going to keep him out this time.
“Oh I’m lookin sunshine… and you’ll see when I come back here a big hero your just going to have to change your tune.” Barnes grinned.
Natasha stood up to refresh her drink, speaking as she poured herself a vodka tonic “Punish is one thing, if Stark wanted to he could have stopped at the Hydra he leveled back in October. We all would have helped him. He doesn’t want help or even to stop Hydra and Aim. He just wants a body count to even up the scales.”
Apparently, that charming young woman in the 7inch heels made it out of the motel. He had to hand it to her, she must have made it past the cops and when straight to sell her story to the highest bidder. Considering the mags and web sources, she maybe could afford a clean pair of panties with the cash she made.
Barnes watched in horror as Mallen's head was disintegrated from his shoulders. The body – headless and spraying blood wobbling to its feet a moment before dropping to the concrete.
She rolled her eyes, the humans bravado was a thin veil for his nerves. Putting up such a front to conceal the true weight of his request. The tactic was one she had seen a thousand times. She would likely see it a thousand times more. “What makes you think you have anything I desire? Or that your offer is worth your quest? Tell me what you want.”
Thank god for Jarvis. “Sir, Captain Roger’s contractions have occurred this evening at 30 to 25 minuet intervals. This would suggest that they are not in fact Braxton Hicks.”
Steve had thought about it, a lot recently if he was being honest with himself. “ Yeah, and… I think I’m ready to tell people. When the kids were young I didn’t realize how much it hurt to have people look at us and think it was strange that two Alpha’s were raising pups. I guess I put it out of my mind because we had other things going on. Peter is getting older and I don’t want him to be ashamed about being an omega.”
AN: I am not confident with fight scenes, but I did try my best so don’t ream me if its not up to snuff.
Tony was still sitting on the side of the bed right where Steve left him, just staring at his hands.
Tony groaned and felt his eyes roll back in pleaser. A string of unintelligible sounds spilled over his lips as Steve held his hips and pounded into him. Barely able to utter the phrase “harder” and “more”, and Steve gave it to him. He was going to be bruised, but it was worth every moment of the mind numbing pleaser that spread over his nerves like a blanket. He came untouched and whining as Steve just kept going, abusing his over sensitive ass as the solider chased his own release.
Tony and his words, always talking, always moving, always creating. Steve could see these traits already passing to the pups and he wanted to see it that much more. Placing a hand on his stomach in an absent-minded gesture he turned his mind onto better things. He had come off the special cocktail of suppressants that Bruce had come up with. Hopefully, he would have a heat in the next few months and then maybe...well only time would tell. Don’t count your chickens before they hatch, his mother would say.
“Ja, I think so, a full day for us both then.” Kurt laughed as they headed toward there respective classrooms. “I shall see you at lunch hour, do not forget again Loki. You are much too thin.”
AN: Short Chapter but this needed to be done. I felt like I needed to button this up with Bucky, oh and I think there will be a book 2 winterfrost. If you don’t like that I’d ask no one flame that work. I feel like I will prolly get it anyway  though.
Smashing cameras and aside - settling into a routine with the alpha turned out to be not nearly as difficult as Steve thought it might be.
“Nice skirt princess, was it your mothers?” Grant said smirking with his feet kicked up on the table, gesturing to the apron the young man wore. Brock stood by the window with folded arms grinning likewise at the rude customs of his younger half sibling.
Today was the lovely young Sirens wedding day, and more than that - her soon to be husbands coronation as the new King of Asgard. All of the palace inhabitants were a buzz with activity for the occasion. The grand halls decked in finery, the dining halls prepared for days of feasting, as the celebration would no doubt last for the full week.
“J, scan the police ban and cross reference with CCTV and current warrants by facial recognition. Violent crimes.”
“Well I would but this ones personal, an old acquaintance of mine may have gotten herself into some trouble. Ever heard of a pharmaceutical company called AIM?”
“t’horse?” The little one motioned, of course, Sleipnir was much larger than the tiny sea horses his grandmother showed him, but he seemed like one maybe. “T’horse papa?”
“Jarvis scan Steve for vitals and get Coulson down here with the med van pronto.” The Alphas voice wavered as he adjusted his downed lover in his arms. “Come on Steve, you have to be ok. Open your eyes baby, come on, come back to me.”
“All the good my hands are for...I can make a million ways to kill a man but I can't save one child...” He whispered brokenly over a glass of whiskey one night. He had spent hours in his workshop after visiting with his ill child. In front of him a mound of designs that all seemed useless in the end.
When Bruce arrived, he knew this was bad, Loki looked sickly pale and was sweating. Upon pulling back the bedding there came another discovery - the omega was bleeding. They were not prepared for this.
“Gluttons for punishment.” Steve laughed clapping his friend on the shoulder. “Take it easy Bucky. Come visit more often too, Peter misses you.”
“He ain’t much better with the emotions thing, think the only time I seen him cry was when his ma died.” Bucky drained his own cup looking down into the dull grey porcelain at the grounds that had settled in the bottom. “Even when he was sick, or got the stuffing knocked out of him. Never cried.”
