“The couches are for us. When he gets older, we can shift them out and change the furniture. But I figured for now, it’s a good thing.”
“Like when you caught me after that mission with the robots and I passed out and woke up to see you staring at me, god you were so worried-“
But Steve silenced him with a harsh look. Then slowly he opened his hands out a little and showed Tony what was inside.
“It should work, provided the source is still alive.” Hank said, ignoring Steve’s flinch. “If there’s even a remnant, this should flush the system and kick-start it.”
His heart pounded. His hands shook. He stopped in the middle of some random corridor and leaned against the wall, breathing heavily and digging his heels into his eyes until they felt raw. Slowly he slid down the wall and leaned his head back, closing his eyes.
“Let me.” Steve immediately said, stepping forward and reaching out to take Tony’s wrist and inspect it.
Tony’s flat on the ground and his body is facing the sky like a twisted sculpture. His helmet and gauntlets are off revealing his face and hands, and for some reason that makes Steve ache more because he looks so vulnerable, and almost fragile. He looks human which is something Steve has always found to be not enough, when describing how brilliant Tony is.
It seemed hard to imagine. Like some abstract thought that didn’t slot in with the image he had of Steve now.
When he next blinked open his eyes, he was greeted with the familiar white lights of the medbay and against his will his lips curved into a small smile.
“See you then.” Steve replied easily and set his cup aside, leaving the room in four confident strides.
It was just about two hours later when James sat up straight in his chair, after being hunched over documents with Dmitri, and cracked his neck. He rolled his shoulders and tried to get some of the tension out but no luck.
“James,” Steve said quietly though the firmness had not faded. “I was still recovering when you found out about Bakuto and Laufeyson and you didn’t know exactly what you were up against. I never should have let Tony out without me either. But Clint
alcohol. He picked up his glass and finished it off, grateful for the burn taking his mind off other things.
Carefully he stretched, trying not to wake James but what he didn’t know was that James hadn’t been able to sleep a single minute all night and now he was lying awake, his face away from Clint, just holding him and wishing he could go back in time.
In all honesty, the last two years had been unbelievably long and tiresome. Thankfully the hardships were interspersed with moments of joy and love but, overall, Steve was ready for 1950 to be a calmer year. No attempts on his life, no blackmail, no betrayal, no kidnappings, no
“Yeah,” he said, his voice low, barely there. Steve turned, confused and slightly worried. James ran his fingers through his hair and with a few long strides he quickly closed the space between them. “James?”
Some time later he felt a hand on the back of his neck. His cup was gone and Pepper’s glass almost empty. He sighed in frustration when he realized that he had gone far away again.
.” He chuckled, imagining James’ face. The look of complete and utter disgust. “We needed a witness. To make it official, you know? That’s when I met Dmitri. He was the only person either of us had to call. He just stood at the back of the room. He wasn’t even drinking age but already nice and scary-looking. And… that’s it. Huh, maybe that wasn’t that great of a story. I mean, we did almost burn the place down when I bumped into a candle and knocked it onto some curtains but otherwise, smooth sailing.”
Tony leaned down to kiss Steve’s hand and got up to get him food. He wouldn’t ask someone else to get it but he would take care of it himself, even when one of James’ men asked him if he needed something.
Clint’s injury barely registered anymore, though. Ever since James had hinted at the idea of them going away on vacation, of them going to that lovely little house in France, for once in his life, Clint had a one-track mind.
Together they got dressed in their casual clothes before going to the kitchen. Sarah had outdone herself, offering up pancakes, eggs, bacon, and fresh rolls.
It was from a trip to the country house that he and his family had taken. Their last time, actually, but James didn’t dwell on that fact. Instead he showed Clint what he could expect from the little town and the house itself. It was modest compared to their current location but still very nice. It was somewhat secluded, a short drive from the center of town and the nearest neighbor a few minutes down the road.
“Phil, bring us a bottle of Powers, unopened, and two glasses please,” James said and Phil hesitated before nodding and heading out to get what was requested.
The way his lips twitched, the way his eyes seemed to grow colder, the way his jaw clenched sometimes. And then other times when he looked at Tony for just a second and their eyes met.
“Don’t move a muscle,” a second Asian man standing in the door frame hissed. Even though they were also on the smaller side, Tony knew that he had no chance to win. Instead he watched one of them open the window and then throw a blanket on the cot next to him. Seldom had he been this happy to see some protection from the cold.
“I’m not going around telling people about ya, Tony. I’m asking as your friend.” She poked his arm and rolled her eyes.
He jerked awake, picking it up, apologizing to Sarah, and he was just about to clean up the mess when Lucky beat him to it.
Tony bit the inside of his cheek in order not to laugh. He wanted Benni to know that he took him seriously.
“Steve,” he said in a way that almost sounded as if he was scolding Benni. Almost. “I used to be last in bed and first up. I got four hours sleep tops. This counts as a full night’s rest.” He shrugged. “Your routine sounds much more worrisome.”
The movie started and he leaned back, getting more comfortable and so did Steve. Although it seemed impossible for him because he was simply too tall and too broad. Whenever he adjusted himself he ended up touching Tony in one way or the other. At first their elbows, then their arms, even their hands brushed together at one point. Then Steve bumped his foot into Tony’s, hitting their knees once.
Steve knew exactly what he was doing and that thought alone was making everything hotter for Tony. His skin felt like it was on fire and being apart from Steve made everything worse. Through heavy lidded eyes he looked at Steve, to that gorgeous man who was busy getting rid of unnecessary pieces of clothing. He nodded to him when he finally understood what Steve was waiting for, finding his hands useless and way too heavy to do anything other than roam over Steve’s upper body.
“And if you don’t eat those,” Sarah mock-threatened, “I’ll just have to give you all another fresh batch.”
“I mean… I don’t—but wait, what about Lucky?” Clint said, looking at James. Clint didn’t want to leave Lucky in that big huge home alone for most of the day. Lucky had just gotten Clint back. It was hard enough leaving him today.
It took Steve a moment to hear Tony’s question and then another moment to respond. He was back. He hadn’t set foot on Irish soil in years. He inhaled deeply despite already being in the car, savoring the moment of being back.
Steve was a few rooms down from James. Sarah was across the hall with Benni. Natalia and Dmitri were on the second floor below them. Dugan and Jones were the only two regulars who actually went home. Jones had siblings of his own to look after and Dugan had his fiancée. Maria was bunking over with some women from work just to be safe.
Dugan and Dmitri stayed outside the door, talking amongst themselves. In all their years of working together, they’d struck up quite the friendship as well and both had that same unshakable sense of loyalty to their bosses, especially knowing everything they did about them.
Steve looked confused when he asked that. Maybe his reputation didn’t reach as far as he thought. “I’m not known to be particularly… caring,” he explained. “I’m happy to hear it.” Steve didn’t know what to do now. Tony was awake and he was still awake and this was so far the best part of his evening—or early morning, rather—but he knew Tony needed to sleep.
“Hi, Uncle Steve,” she said, coming into his office and letting go of Natasha. She walked up to him and climbed in his lap when he offered. “You look tired,” she said and Steve laughed.
“To being needed. I guess.” Tony gave him a weak smile and drank his water slowly. The little physical contact did a lot to comfort him and ease his pain.
“I know,” Benni said. “But it’s warm here and safe and our home.” There was that unexpected maturity in his little brother.
“You’re gonna have to throw all that American measuring rubbish out yer head once we get there, love,” Steve said, grinning right back. “And yes. For now that’s it. I’d like it to be a surprise. Is that so bad?” He bent to press a kiss to Tony’s forehead and waited for a response.
Steve tugged down his underwear and tossed them to the floor next, pushing Tony’s legs apart and taking a moment to admire the beauty before him from head to toe. He dipped his head again, teasing, kissing around and below and then direct contact and Tony seemed to like that. Steve chuckled, moving back briefly to remove his own trousers, reaching down to give himself a little love.
Steve moved out, slowly towards the sidewalk. Falsworth moved faster, coming around the corner and grabbing Steve by his arm and slamming him into the wall. Steve was a big guy, a strong fella, but so was Falsworth and he had years of boxing on his side.
“Oh, love,” Steve said, his voice thick with tears and relief as he pulled Tony gently into his arms and then lifted him off the ground.
“That lad’s dead set on taking good care of you, isn’t he?” Dugan asked. Steve looked towards the hallway and smiled.
Clint had his head leaned back, trying to slow the flow of blood trickling out of his nose. He lifted his hand to his face, looking over at Tony who looked like he was saying something but it didn’t seem to be for Clint so he looked away.
Tony couldn’t quite grasp why Steve was sorry and he was too exhausted to ask. He simply lifted a hand to rest on Steve’s head and gently combed through his sweaty hair as he was drifting off to sleep, feeling comfortable, warm and satisfied.
No one mentioned his distant behavior and Tony was foolish enough to hope that maybe they hadn’t noticed. One look into Steve’s eyes told him that that was not the case.
Tony didn’t know just how much time he had spent sleeping. Every now and then he woke up for a few seconds or even a minute but fell asleep again. Sleeping was better than trying to deal with the pain and soreness of his body.
He paused and then continued, but slower, not sure if he was hearing pain or pleasure but he assumed the latter until he heard a soft thud and what he thought was a sniffle.
Tony allowed himself to relax a little. Clint was okay. They were taking care of him. And they were safe. They didn’t die. He clung to Steve’s hand and closed his eyes in an attempt to keep the tears at bay. “I missed you so much,” he whispered, his voice cracking.
She mouthed the words ‘everything okay?’ and then gestured in such a way as to ask if she should come in or go.
Steve moved around the table and sat in the chair beside Benni, resting a hand on his head and ruffling his hair playfully. “Does Miss Monaghan ever call on those kids?” Benni shook his head no. “Do those kids ever raise their hands?” Again, he shook his head no. “Well, then, lad, don’t bother with ‘em. They’re just jealous because
“Hello?” Maria said and Natalia spoke, letting the others know who it was. James and Steve watched her face carefully, saw the slight widening of her eyes and then she was furiously tapping Dmitri’s shoulder, demanding a pen and paper that he provided as she scribbled down the information she was being told.
“I’m so sorry,” Clint breathed, not even sure he had actually voiced the words or just mouthed them. What the hell had he been thinking? Risking Tony’s life like this? He gently touched Tony’s fingers, curling two of his around them and giving them a very light squeeze. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
“I feel good.” James extended a hand and Steve looked at it, considering slapping it away and hugging him but he chose instead to respect what he was offered and he shook James’ hand. “Thank you.”
James smiled, still surprised when Clint so easily got on board with his job and all its requirements. He looked over at Natalia and Maria but they were having their own conversation and he suspected they would not care much either.
“Okay, okay,” Loki said quickly as Dmitri and Dugan took a seat on either side of him, turning to him. “A few months ago, I was approached by a man.” As Loki continued to explain, James’ expression darkened and Loki knew that no matter what he said, that busted nose was not the last bit of pain he would see.
Tony got up to stretch his legs, hoping that would distract him from his hunger. He couldn’t find it in him to talk about Howard more than he already had. If he wanted to hurt himself more, he’d simply continue talking about how much he missed everyone.
“Haven’t in a long time,” Steve said, slightly distracted as he continued to watch the phone. “Not together at least. Ma goes back to Ireland a lot. Visits friends.” He turned to Tony, a soft smile on his face. “Why? You wanting to take a trip?” Steve lifted his hand to cradle Tony’s face with it, stroking his thumb gently across his cheekbone. “Any places in mind?”
“I…” Steve could count the number of people on the planet who had ever seen him blush on one hand. Tony was one of those people as now Steve’s cheeks went a deep crimson. “I saw someone else do it. Made me wonder if you might want mine.” It wasn’t a lie but it wasn’t the
Now there was someone with him. Maybe someone who worked for the Asians? But what would be the point of that? If they wanted information, they would have asked when they first took him.
And then he spoke and Steve didn’t know what to do. Steve knew Tony was aware of at least the physical aspect of what had happened that evening between himself and James. Sarah had told him it didn’t bother him but a part of Steve still wondered if Tony wasn’t at least a little bit disgusted.
James led Clint back over to the couch and maneuvered them so that Clint was in his lap sideways, his head still resting on James’ shoulder and James’ arm tight around him. His other hand was gently stroking Clint’s cheek as he whispered reassurances.
“That’s scary alright,” Tony nodded. “I wouldn’t want Sarah’s wrath on me.” He looked over his shoulder, scared she might pop up right behind him and give him one of her stern looks. “Hm?” He turned back to Steve. “Picking up Benni and her siblings from school and walking around a bit. We don’t do much when we’re out. She likes taking walks and says it’s good for the kids.” He rolled his eyes and shrugged.
“There is also a workout area over there and as you can see, a bar on the far other end for the nights you might not want to go out. Dmitri’s not a bad bartender if you can convince him to make you a few drinks.”
“Have you met them? I trust them in an emergency situation because I know they know their job but to boss each other around? Only Thor. Maximoff would just be annoying with that kind of power and Wilson—Wade, not my Sam—would probably
She tilted her head up to look at him, her green eyes sad and her expression almost innocent with the amount of vulnerability she was allowing. “You’ll come back?”
Hoping against hope, Tony prayed he would be brought back to Clint immediately. Instead he was thrown on the floor in front of the stairs. One of the men headed upstairs, yelling something while the other kicked Tony in the stomach and cursed at him. He didn’t need to speak their language to understand that nothing nice was being said.
“Yes, of course.” Tony nodded without hesitation. Again she made Tony agree to taking a pain tablet before she would allow him to come with and so he did.
“Right. In that case, I’ve got you a lovely Ford Prefect just waiting to be driven,” Pinky told him, winking in the mirror.
“What if we split up? Cover more ground,” James blurted out and Steve wondered how long he had been thinking about it.
James pushed his hair back out of his face and sheathed his knife; Steve holstered his gun. They made a beeline for the hallway where they assumed their guys were being kept in one of the rooms. They weren’t sure where Bakuto was but they figured he wasn’t at the warehouse at night but that was alright. Their hostage hadn’t spared any information.
“I am. Steve would know. And he would’ve asked and he’s positive himself that it is what it is.” James nodded, his arms crossed, looking out the window.
“It’s not productive answering a question with a question, asshole,” James told him. Steve glared and James glared right back. James pulled his knife out, pointing it at Steve who didn’t flinch. “Did you have a problem with me that I seemed to have overlooked or are you angry about something else?”
Tony looked up, seeing the darkness in Steve’s eyes but he couldn’t bring himself to say anything. He didn’t blame Steve but because it was just still too fresh.
“Ben Grimm, owner of the deli two doors down from Clint’s bar, saw a black delivery van pull into the alleyway around the time Clint was taken. He didn’t actually see him but he thought it was odd for the van to be there, seeing as it was a restoration company van. And,” Natalia said, reading the room as she came in and made her way to the couch, wondering what she had missed, “Teddy Altman, a bagger at the grocery store where Tony was taken, said he remembered seeing the same van in the parking lot.”
Later, still mostly naked and both very satisfied, they were laying on the couch, a blanket underneath them and another draped across them. Tony was lying on Steve, one of Steve’s legs dangling off onto the floor and his arm around Tony. The arm around Tony was slowly drawing designs onto his soft, bare back, his other one tucked behind his head to prop him up so he could look down at his beautiful fella.
Tony nodded and took a deep but shaky breath, trying his best to keep the tears at bay. Now wasn’t the time to feel sorry for himself.
“It doesn’t matter where it started. You could have gone with what you had. But instead you made improvements and helped people.” He looked at him again despite the feeling of embarrassment and shame about the money on the floor, next to the two pieces of paper Steve had given him. He had seen that. Why did that thought make Tony’s eyes fill with tears? “I’m stubborn like that. It was giving up or stealing and saving whatever I could.” He leaned back against Steve and took a shaky breath.
Clint smiled. He had always seen the contrast between Work James and their James but it stood out that much more now after having seen both in the last few hours. James never would have said please to a single living soul in that restaurant and here he was asking Natalia to
Steve came out of the room, fastening his belt buckle, flushed but smirking. Dugan was sat not too far away reading a paper and he looked up, jerking his chin up as if to ask ‘and?’ Steve made a face that said all and Dugan chuckled, shaking his head. Steve’s partner couldn’t leave the bed just yet.
Clint, as worn out as he had felt in the trenches, looked up at them with a smirk and said, “Fellas, it’s good to see—”
sorry that Steve thought and felt that way. That Steve was going through what he was going through. His own mother or maybe Sarah would have been a lot more helpful but Steve just so happened to have ended up with the least helpful person ever. He looked down at their hands, not knowing what to say.
His hair was a mess, all ruffled up. His arms were around one pillow, one half of his face pressed against another one, his lips slightly parted. And dear lord, he wasn’t wearing a shirt. Steve Rogers wasn’t wearing a shirt. And his sleeping pants were hanging awfully low. And Tony couldn’t move, only stare. There were smaller scars all over his back, some from knives, others looked more like scratches and tears. And was that a scar from a gunshot wound? After what felt like an eternity, Tony finally managed to breathe and move again.
No, he wouldn’t ask that but he wanted to. He needed to know. Instead he simply nodded, his eyes still locked on Steve’s.
He pushed himself up just enough to look out the window. It was dark, they’d been doing business in Manhattan with the Italians and were on their way back. There was another shot to the window and Steve ducked, pulling out his gun.
James nodded, groaning and knocking back the rest of his whiskey. “So we started discussing a problem with a more obvious solution: Bakuto.”
“A’right, fine,” Steve said, his accent slipping more and more away from Irish-American to simply Irish. “I see how it is.”
Steve checked the clock for the first time in a while and decided to head home to shower, change, and get ready for his date. He felt a buzz of excitement when he thought about it.
. He could have listened to him read the ingredients in lotion for hours so long as he did it in Italian. Truth be told, he wouldn’t be too bothered if he read them in English either.
“Time to party,” he said, grabbing his jacket as he swung open the bedroom door and they headed downstairs. With perfect timing, Dugan came in and they all headed back out to their cars, driving there separately.
“Tony’s gone,” Steve said, his voice tight and James wasn’t sure exactly what emotion it was that he could hear in Steve’s voice but he knew what it felt like. It felt like absolute, undiluted dread. James almost felt like he was going to be sick from it. The man who took them would not be getting off easy. There would be no quick death. He wouldn’t even be as lucky as Howard. His death would be slow, agonizing and, as long as James was in control, it would go on and on and on.
They ate slowly, sitting close to each other. In more private circumstances, Tony would have made himself comfortable in Steve’s lap but this wasn’t the place to take risks in.
Steve wanted to say he wasn’t escaping. That he had no intention of running scared from anyone but he knew that wouldn’t sit well with Tony. “There’s a set of house keys in the car. Ma will be with you, she knows all the secret ins and outs of his home,” he told him. “I’ll meet you there. No one knows I live here but the guys. My address is listed as halfway across town. To keep you all safe, I have to come separately.”
He lifted his free hand to his face, holding it there tightly and a sob broke through that shook his shoulders. He was gasping for breath as he cried into his hand, torn between the pain in his chest—the constant dull ache he always felt—and the pain of the torn stitches.
,” Steve said, closing the door behind him and heading back to his room. He crawled into bed, a smile still lingering on his face and wrapped his arms around Tony. He pulled him in close and pressed a kiss to his temple. “Love you,” he said softly and simply because he could.
“I’d love a tour.” Tony nodded. It wasn’t the first time he’d seen him in clothes that weren't a three piece suit but this time it was completely different. Throwing punches at someone else made him look even more fierce. Now he looked soft, private and sincere. Still strong and ready to act but also relaxed. “I’ll follow,” he said and pointed to the door leading to the hallway.
“Who knows what you’re planning.” He gestured to Steve to cut the cake. “By the way, did you ever do anything with the deli?” He watched the cake and focused on plating everything nicely instead of looking at Steve. Just thinking about that building was difficult.
“And, in the interest of honesty,” Clint continued, “I like that you are who you are. I think it’s, well, attractive. And really, I try to be a good guy but life and the people in it have fucked me over plenty of times. Sometimes it’s nice to see ‘em pay.” He took James’ free hand and intertwined their fingers. “Only person who should be fucking me over anyway is you, Mr Romanov.”
James hummed in approval, nodding his head and looking at Steve as if to say ‘see? Much better.’ Steve ignored him and instead put more gravy on Benni’s plate when he asked and then grabbed a new roll since he’d given his to that jerk down there.
His hands were shaking and he covered his face with them, trying to breathe through his nose. The last time he had woken up from a nightmare like this, James had been there with him. He had pulled Clint into his arms and pressed kisses to his hair until he relaxed. He had taken him downstairs and made him a warm glass of milk and given him one of Sarah’s muffins.
Tony listened and nodded. Yes, that much was clear to him. He didn’t know how he felt about Dugan yet. Not that he didn't trust him. But that man was definitely unreadable to Tony.
“Mmm,” Clint hummed happily. “That was a good nap. You’re a good nap buddy,” he said, grinning at Tony and then yawning. “What’d I miss?”
Tony tried to remember the last time he had seen Steve. Was it when Steve went to the office after breakfast? No. Just before Sarah and Tony headed out to order food for Thanksgiving, he made sure to stop by, kiss Steve on the cheek while he was talking on the phone, and scribble an ‘I love you’ on a blank page in Steve’s private notebook.
“Jones, stay here with ma and Benni,” Steve said, knowing that Dmitri’s men were keeping guard as well around the perimeter of the house.
Even despite kissing him when he woke, he still felt alright about the night. Sleeping curled up next to him, breathing in how he smelled and having him run his fingers along Steve’s neck. It… it did something to Steve. Something awful. It gave him hope. Hope that was crushed when Tony talked about going to meet Pepper and Steve was firmly put back in his place.
“Do you ever get out of this town? Take a trip with your mom?” Tony refilled his cup and then turned back to look at Steve. The idea of them going away somewhere nice was rather tempting if he was completely honest. They both had been through a lot these past months. Even though Tony wouldn’t quite admit to it and whenever he thought about it, he tended to hide his left hand that was still scarred from the burns Howard had inflicted on him.
“Is Winter with him? My boss wants to know.” He didn’t—well he didn’t specifically ask Dugan to find this out—but that usually did the trick when he needed information.
Steve understood now why James said Tony would want to kill him. He nodded as Tony spoke, his worries melting away with every word until he felt at peace again.
Tony turned and looked at the whole room again. That was him. All this was Steve and what meant most to him. And oddly enough, if anyone had asked Tony to describe his room, it would have been exactly this. Slowly he opened the curtains, letting in the soft winter light. With Steve’s name on his lips he turned around to wake him but upon seeing Steve lying there he froze.
“Something light for Sarah. And orange juice.” Before he could justify why he asked for those things, one of them left. Tony went to the bathroom and washed his face with water. The cold water helped for a second but that feeling didn’t last too long. Steve would be fine. There was no other way this would go. He simply wished there was something for him to do other than sit and wait.
” He had a point. “Okay, so we move him. Moving on,” he said, walking with Steve back towards the door and then he stopped, his business face on. “There are more important issues.”
Tony shook his head in an attempt to free his mind from those dark thoughts and memories. “What are you doing up? Do you need pain medication?”
“Well, had you told me earlier, I wouldn’t have had to. If someone found the connection between you and Clint, I’m sure they know about mine with Tony. It’s not right that you kept this from me.”
Tony took a deep breath and walked up to Steve, putting his hands on top of his. “He did but I’m here now. And I need
“I told you, as long as you carry me around, I’ll be fine,” he said impatiently. “Come on, Mr Rogers. Don’t make me beg.”
He went back to the store but couldn’t find the strength to open up again and welcome customers. Instead he went upstairs and lied down on his bed and curled up to sleep the hunger away. Feeling the bitter cold around him he remembered the warm touch on his knee, on his back, and chest. If he had thought that he was pathetic back then, he’d rather not have Mr Rogers see him in his situation now.
“I’m here for you too, you know. This—is there sand on the floor? Did you punch through a bag?” He turned back to Steve. It was incredible that he was able to do that.
“We have a system and you two chose not to abide by the system, ergo your fault,” Bucky said. Sam was still hiding behind his hands, his forehead resting on Bucky’s shoulder.
Sam, being without Steve or Bucky, was beside Tony, their shoulders touching but neither of them saying a word. Both were just staring at the doors the doctors had taken the men through, silent and anxious.
Tony leaned into Steve’s big, warm hand and closed his eyes to enjoy it fully. “Hmmm, I see. You know… she could take Benni with her over summer break next year. We could go somewhere else.” He turned his head to kiss Steve’s palm. “I’ve only ever been to Italy once or maybe twice and I barely remember those trips. Other than that I’ve never left New York.”
This was the closest Steve had to been to Tony while both were conscious. He had carried Tony to bed and to the ambulance before that and Tony, he assumed, had been close to him when he woke him earlier.
“Ugh, Steven, you need a bath,” she said, pinching her nose and pretending to wave away his smell. He finished the glass and turned to give her a look, all in good fun. She looked him up and down and added, “Maybe even two.”
Around the same time as always Tony waited in front of the phone. It was the best they could do until Steve had taken care of everything.
“I told you before that I don’t care if you robbed a little old lady to give me the money for my hearing aids. My only issue was taking your money in the first place, not where it came from. I told you I forget sometimes what exactly it is that you do. That’s not because I make myself do that so I can bear to be around you. I just have a shitty memory and I don’t see you as James the mob boss. I see you as James who sleeps like a rag doll and gets excited over science like a big ol’ nerd.”
Tony playfully snapped at Steve’s finger, which was when he remembered that they weren’t alone in the room. “Maybe a little of both?”
Now they were in the kitchen, papers spread out between them, calming teas provided by Sarah and she was making food as well. She was cooking for three reasons: to calm herself, because she figured if James and Steve were eating they would have a hard time fighting, and because she knew neither of them would remember food and sleep existed until Clint and Tony were back.
“You shut it,” Steve said, stabbing his fork in James’ direction. “You handed me the brick in the first place, you traitor.” James shrugged, still smiling and turned to Tony, pointing at Steve.
“So nice of you to take time out of your day to spend it with me and not your handsome fella,” Pepper said without smiling at first. For a split second it made Tony anxious and unsure if she meant it. “Relax. I’m just pulling your leg.”
“I wish we could make it into a safe place for others like us. If they don’t know where to go they can get in touch with someone there, whether it’s for a new home or to get out of town. I know James and you support others but Clint told me about his bar. Something like that but nearby.” He put the plates on one tray and the cups of tea on another, indicating for Steve to follow him to the living room.
“Also, this guy claims to know you,” Tony added after Rhodey had finished yelling and agreed to come get Tony. “How? I don’t know, forgot to ask. One sec.” He moved the phone from his face and asked Steve how he knew Rhodey.
Tony looked to his left where Clint had been just moments ago and when he couldn’t see him panic rose inside of him. Before he could give into it there was a hand on his shoulder. A firm grip but not one that hurt. He was gently pushed back down in his bed. A bed? Only then he realized he was in an actual bed. In a hospital bed. One glance to his right and there he was.
Tony listened closely to Steve’s words. “I can’t imagine liking rain. But the way you put it, it sounds beautiful.” He smiled. “What else? Is it true that there are pubs at every corner? And everyone likes to drink?”
James was running his fingers through Clint’s hair slowly, watching him sleep. After a moment, Clint stretched, moving Tony’s arm with his, and looked up at James. Still holding Tony’s hand he signed ‘sorry’ and James simply shook his head and sat down beside him, kissing him quickly.
“So, this is us for the next five days,” Steve said, gesturing to the room. “I know it’s two beds but we could always squeeze into one.”
“How are you liking it here? I realize it’s only been one day,” he said, helping himself to some potatoes and then passing them on to Sarah who put some on Benni’s plate and then her own.
James nodded the entire way through, giving very minor details of Russian activities, even less than Steve, but James could do that because he knew no one at that table would demand more from him.
“More than one friend. Just one more-than-friend,” he said, and crossed his arms over his chest now that they were stood at the car.
He laid back down but the stress and the guilt he felt weighed too heavily on him to even close his eyes. Every minute counted, every second. Tony was counting on him. Tony needed him and if Steve couldn’t sleep, he should use the extra hours to do whatever he could to get closer to finding them.
“It has my blessin’, dear boy,” she said, her hand moving to his cheek. “Only thing I ask is you keep it down or use one of the guest rooms on the other side of the hall.” Steve couldn’t help but grin, still blushing. “Has he always been…?” She didn’t know how to phrase it and they’d never really come up with a term. Most of the commonly used ones were derogatory so they avoided them.
Jones came in then, his face sympathetic but also a tiny bit irritated. “Never trusted me enough, Cap?” He asked, putting another file on the desk. It was the boy Dugan had questioned but left alive. They were also collecting the good ones for their own knowledge of who was alright.
Again Tony could do nothing but watch James leave. He didn’t even get to thank him for bringing Benni.
Clint staggered back, his chest feeling tight and head spinning. He grabbed at his shirt, feeling restricted, like his shirt was squeezing him and he couldn’t get enough air in. His legs hit another box and his knees buckled, bringing him down to the ground, one palm flat on the ground supporting him and the other still clawing desperately at his chest.
“I do, ma.” He stood and kissed her cheek before leaving, shutting the door behind him and walking to his own room. But he wasn’t tired so he turned and headed back down to the living room to just sit in front of the fire—where he stayed all night—and think.
Maria was still looking around the room, her lips parted slightly as Natalia sat on the couch where Clint normally lounged when he spent the day at James’ office.
James sat up, remembering. “That day in the basement with your mother. You were about to say something. What was it?”
“What about you? And what if James isn’t there?” Tony asked, not liking it one bit but also feeling rather grateful that Steve let him in on that. He had no intention of leaving Steve behind.
“I get it,” Steve began before James could continue, “sometimes I see Tony and he’s… distant. Like he’s trapped inside his own mind and I don’t know if it’s a protection or if he’s stuck with all the badness and suffering and it breaks my heart. I… I can’t even look at myself.”
“Good,” she said, reaching for her cane and hitting it on the wooden floor loudly. A door opened and a man came in. She looked up at him, said something to him in Mandarin, and he left again. “Li Qiang will bring you what I have on Bakuto.”
“If you’re the good one, I’m Japanese,” Sarah said and James’ mouth fell open briefly before he went back to eating, defeated.
.’ “Speaking of, how's that going? I wasn’t even aware you were… interested in our type, shall I say?” He was eyeing Tony, curious of his reaction and responses. Sarah might have thought it was fine, Steve as well and it may have been fine but James knew what it was like being in a relationship with Steve.
Steve laughed and then got to the end of Tony’s last statement and moaned against his neck, feeling those words all the way to his core. “Bloody hell, love,” he sighed, his hands roaming over Tony’s chest. He was losing himself in Tony again, getting drunk off of him and he needed to ask one more question before he was too far gone. “Are you sure you’re not too sore?”
Steve shuddered, breathing out shakily. He moved up and turned Tony’s head towards him, kissing him deeply, his eyes shut. He pulled away and kissed the tip of his nose and his lips again. “You catch on fast,” he said, kissing him again, his tongue moving along Tony’s bottom lip.
That was how the days at the hospital went by. Sarah brought one meal a day, Steve stayed by Tony’s side and James by Clint’s as much as they could, and they slept, healed, and felt more like themselves. They both still had a long way to go but for now Tony could leave the hospital.
“It is,” Steve said, looking down at Tony with all the love he felt in his heart. Steve had done a lot in his life but right now and forever the only goal he had left to achieve was to always make sure Tony was happy.
She sat with her own food after setting up Benni’s on the bed too and ate quietly while the boys talked.
“It’s only smart if he actually found them. What if he didn’t?” He let out a sigh. “I would give everything to see him one last time. And to kiss my brother goodbye.” He swallowed again and rubbed his face with his free hand. He regretted doing so because it hurt, which meant that his face was probably beaten up good. “I’ve always wanted to taste Chinese food. Have you had it? Is it good?”
“Steve, are you listening to me- Son of a bitch!” Howard yells and Steve comes back to himself and realizes what happened.
“Don’t listen to Clint, Cap, they look good.” Bruce stated before turning his attention to Clint. “Do you really want another smack to the back of the head?” Clint winced and turned to Tony, frowning while he rubbed the back of his head. Huh. Guess he’d been wrong about that.
If it were up to Coulson he would recruit the guy as S.H.I.E.L.D. had originally intended once upon a time, but he doesn’t know what happened with that. All Coulson knows is the he got the order to take Barton out, and that was what he intended to do.
“No.” Natasha answered for Clint as she got up to get juice from the fridge. “Coulson is probably going to come by later and tell him though, which is why I told Clint he should man up and apologize before Steve finds out.”
“God, you’re gorgeous.” Tony murmured as he settled back on top of Steve. Reaching out to tangle his hands in Steve’s hair and pull him into another kiss. He groaned at the soft press of tongue on his lower lip and granted access to Steve with a soft moan. Steve moaned into the kiss and tightened his grip on Tony’s waist, spreading his legs and grinding against him.
“Does this have anything to do with Loki? Perhaps the declining relationship with your brother has affected you more than you thought.” Sif seemed to be trying to comfort him, placing her hand on his shoulder reassuringly.
Natasha looks down at the phone in her hand. The caller ID shows a blocked number. She answers with a sigh.
“That sounds nice, actually. We can -” Tony, whom was now much closer than before, licked his lips as he spoke and Steve’s eyes were immediately drawn to the motion. He’d barely have to move and he’d be in Tony’s space, his lips would be on Tony’s and he would finally know what it would feel like to kiss Tony.
“In my defense, this was all Clint’s idea.” He shrugs and moves to sit against the couch, stealing one of the pillows to use as a seat cushion.
How did Tony Stark get so lucky? His life was great. He may have never imagined his life like this, but he wouldn’t have it any other way.
“I see. Loki, leave us alone for a minute.” Odin dismisses Loki without a second thought. If Thor hadn’t been paying attention, he wouldn’t have seen the way Loki’s face contorts in betrayal, but he is paying attention and he does see it. “What do you need to speak to me about?” Odin finally asks when Loki steps out the room.
Steve couldn’t help but feel giddy at the other man’s words. Whether it was because of the mead in his system or his newly discovered feelings he wasn’t sure, though he suspected the latter was a more likely explanation.
Fun Fact: The machine Jane is working on had a completely different name when the story was originally written (and it was pretty fucking cool if you ask me) but I had to change it because it made me sad. As it turned out, it was also the name of a certain sports team that shall not be named and it would make me cry when editing so I changed it.
“Relax Agent Barton,” Phil said from where he was going through surveillance video, “If your presence was necessary, you’d be down there helping.”
Tony made sure to keep his eyes on the screen when he replied. “I told you, I don’t know.” He sighed and looked down at his hands.
“Of course sir.” Jarvis replied at the same time Natasha turned with a raised eyebrow and said, “You know that makes you the mother right?”
Tony considered his friend for a moment. “I see. Unfortunately, I’m afraid I won’t be signing those contracts.”
“What about Thor over there?” He nodded to where Thor was spread out on the couch, having passed out a good 10 minutes prior.
His celebration however didn’t last long. “Captain Rogers, Thor, and Doctor Banner have been called to assist local authorities in a robbery down in lower Manhattan 20 minutes ago, sir.” Jarvis informed Tony and Pepper smiled at Tony again.
Tony crawled up the bed and kissed Steve. It was a much softer kiss than any of the other ones they’ve shared, just a soft press of lips.
“Yeah, I do, Pep. Believe me. I know what this means more than anybody. I have been thinking about this for the past week, do you really think I’d be doing this if it wasn’t the right thing to do?”
Tony released Bruce and waved at Happy as he pulled up. “You know me so well Legolas.” Clint flipped him off and tried to shoot Tony again, this time Natasha stepped in and blocked the shot.
He reluctantly lifted his lips away from Tony's sweet ones to take his hand and lead him up to their suite in the tower.
But for the foreseeable future, this was going to be his life and he really wasn’t complaining, but this particular bed in the Moroccan apartment he rented was smaller than small. As he rolled onto his other side, he was already onto the other side of the bed, way past the limit of his half of the bed. To his surprise, there weren’t any complaints from his bed partner as he invaded his space which meant that he wasn’t in bed.
"I can't. I want to make Clint turn the jet around so I can come back to you." Steve’s voice cracked and he cleared his throat.
Bucky leads Clint up to his room and undresses him despite the string of complaints that rang in his ears. “I told you I didn’t want to change.” Clint repeats as Bucky pulls his hoodie over his head. Bucky simply laughs,  tossing the purple hoodie aside and proceeding to undo his pants. “What kind of a boyfriend would I be if I let you wear wet clothes to bed?” “A better one than I’ll ever be.” Clint mutters to himself but he knew Bucky hears his every word.
“You could give the card to me. I could give it to them. I’ll tell the others what happened. I’ll tell them you died peacefully.” Steve says gently, looking at him sadly with his palm out and Tony glances at the hand before nodding.
“Yes." Steve shook his head and looked away. “Because giving money you were born with is trying. I don’t buy that.”
“God, please do not ever do that to me again.” Steve chokes out and Tony moans quietly a little and hears Steve’s breath catch.
“What’s going on?” Tony said but knew the minute he looked up that Steve had no intention of telling him anything. He wasn’t even looking at Tony because he was too busy glaring at the tailor.
It had been hard to accept at first but Tony had known the risks right from the start. When Fury had asked him to host what would be his small family, he’d known even then that something would change. He just hadn’t been prepared for the intensity of his own feelings.
Plus he didn’t want anyone poking questions about his self imposed celibacy. Something the media and the rest of the world had no idea about.
He kicked a box on the ground with enough force to send it hurtling through the air towards Steve who was rounding the corner after having searched the other end of the warehouse. He dodged it and walked over to James, the dog tags in his hand.
“How are you with research and the process of elimination? I have some new recruits and I’m supposed to look through them and weed out the bad and keep the good. Can you do it for me? I have a few calls to make this morning first and you’d be doing me a favor.” Tony seemed hesitant at first but he accepted. Steve had already done this and he’d already given Jones his answers but he was curious to see if he and Tony would share the same opinions.
know what I’m planning. About everything but this holiday, that is. I know how you hate change. I wouldn’t just move us without telling you far in advance and without cause,” Steve said simply, cutting the cake as evenly as possible. “No. It’s just sitting at the moment. Is there something you want me to do with it?”
desserts tonight,” he said, looking up at Steve from beneath those inky black eyelashes, his meaning crystal clear.
Sarah kneeled so she was lower than eye level to Benni, her hand on his knee. She gave him a soft smile and a once over. “Hey there, pet,” she said softly. “I hate to see you so sad. How can I help?” Her voice was determined but still tender, confident but still patient, waiting to hear what he had to say.
He stared down at it like he had the bread roll she pressed into his hand a few days earlier. Again, he narrowed his eyes at her and then watched as she went over to Steve and held out her hand, offering him another freshly washed piece of fruit on a napkin.
Clint’s expression lit up enough to make James laugh and he got up to greet her with cheek kisses and a firm hug. She returned it and headed for Clint.
They grabbed him by his shirt and like always, with what little strength he had, he fought back, even managing to knock one guy off of him and just as he was trying to get his balance and turn to the other guy, a third came into the room and the second one grabbed Clint’s arms. The first one delivered one efficient blow to the head and Clint was out like a light, his last thought being that he wished he had eaten the roll he had hidden.
James chuckled. “That’s just her face. She just doesn’t trust you yet. And Clint’s not the grudge-holding type. He understands why you did what you did. So do I.”
“Would you be alright to call it an early night, love? We don’t have to sleep right away, I just need some alone time with you.”
“That was different,” Tony said, his voice lower than he intended. “Can we… not talk about it? I can’t talk about that.” Tony got up, suddenly feeling like the walls were closing in on him and there was no air left to breathe.
When it was about the time that the last meal of the day would be brought in, Clint sat obediently on his mattress. The men swung the door open and came in, eyeing him distrustfully. He drew a fake halo above his head with a finger and clapped his hands together like he was praying.
disclaimer: neither I nor Blanket pretend to be experts in handling PTSD or anything else, we're just going by what we know and research we've done. Also, don't forget this is 1949.
James watched his face closely and then said, “Come here,” pulling Clint up onto the bed and resting him between his legs, wrapping his arms around him. Clint covered his face, willing himself not to cry as he inhaled sharply through his nose. “It’s okay. I got you. Want your pain meds?” Clint nodded and James reached into the side table and grabbed them along with the glass of water he had brought up.
“God, no one ever talks about the shitty side of dating a firefighter, huh? I was just in this for how hot you are. This is definitely not fun,” he said, burying his face into the space between Steve’s neck and shoulder. He laughed but Steve could feel the wetness against his neck and the shallow breaths Tony was taking and he knew he was crying.
Tony watched Steve with curiosity. Normally, he didn’t like surprises but with Steve he didn’t mind all that much.
Steve shrugged, as if none of that worried him and honestly it didn’t. He would let Tony take O’Shea’s office space but he didn’t
James didn’t like talking about Clint without his knowledge but he would do almost anything if it meant he was better equipped to take care of him, so he’d asked Natalia about it. She confirmed James’ suspicions that Clint didn’t do well with communication relating to emotions or mental well-being and then she’d promised to talk to Clint when the opportunity arose and try to get a read on him.
“We were discussing finances. Specifically, where to move them to should another threat like Bakuto come along and also just to make sure we have safe offshore accounts, which isn’t a complete lie since we were going to talk about it tomorrow anyway.”
Steve sat on the edge of the bed and waited for whatever dame James had in mind. He also chose good ones for Steve. A few moments later, the door opened and Steve’s lips parted, no sound coming out, and then he smiled.
James laughed and nodded. “One last thing before we go back out.” He glanced back to the far corner where Howard was, assuming he was unconscious but on the chance he wasn’t, he continued in Russian, “
“Deaf not blind, keep up,” he said, nudging Tony’s shoulder playfully. “We passed this long hallway and at the end was a door and I could see the street. So
“Do you want to hear my life’s story and how I realized my feelings for Steve so you can be sure that I mean it and that I’m not just using him? For whatever reason that would be.”
“Twenty-two,” he corrected, finishing the one in his hand before she could take it. He pushed the plate towards Benni, getting up to pour him a glass of milk. “There you go, pet,” he said, echoing his mother as he patted Benni’s head gently and took his seat again. He only slightly ignored Tony or at least, avoided his eyes a bit.
“I am,” Clint said firmly. “So then this is all we got. Worst case scenario, I get hit again. Still better than not knowing. To me, at least.”
Tony was facing Steve, resting his elbow on the back of the couch. Talking about anything but himself? Yes, Tony was familiar with that.
“Aw he kissed you first,” Clint said quietly, smiling. Hearing about Steve from James’ point of view helped him prepare himself for what he would be like. Hearing him from Tony’s made him like him a bit more.
“You said you had news?” James asked drinking the vintage scotch Steve had brought with him to James’ home.
“Are you talking about this?” He asked, lifting his barely bruised knuckles, the ones sprinkled with blood earlier. “This wasn’t anything. I had to meet with the Chinese. One of her men thought it smart to put a hand on me, I gently corrected him.” He hoped that was all because he couldn’t talk about the other thing and there was no way he was putting Tony anywhere within spitting distance of danger.
As soon as their eyes met across the room, Tony grinned and Steve stood up. Tony walked towards him confidently, the nervous butterflies he felt earlier having not been invited on their date tonight.
"SHIELD says that our target should be using the children to distribute the drugs today. We'll make our way close to their hideout by bike." Clint briefed as he got the jet airborne.
Steve bit the inside of his lip and stared at the floor of the forest, choosing to catalogue the different shades of fallen leaves instead of think about what Clint said.
Steve nodded and sped up his hand marginally but Tony reacted. He clutched Steve's biceps and had his eyes squeezed shut, focusing solely on Steve's touch.
The bright lights of the jet turned down and Steve opened his eyes to find Clint hovering above him.
Tony’s schedule was absolutely swamped. Between meetings to discuss how they’re finally going to put an end to the failed project that is the Accords and approving potential projects to be funded by the September Foundation, he had to reheat his 9:00 AM coffee four times so far.
"Don’t you worry your pretty mind. I know what I have. I know what you are." Tony whispered confidently, running his fingers through Steve's sleep messed hair.
There were two very terrible snipers that they don't even deserve the title and Clint eliminated their threat efficiently before moving into the building easily, Cap having drawn out all the henchmen and was dropping them like dominos.
"And when you've succeeded, when you've made him pay for everything he's done to us, I still have one more favour to ask of you. But I think you'll appreciate this one a lot more." Tony looked down at his hands, as if they're somehow a lot more precious because they've held the baby boy.
Steve reached lower to pepper kisses against Tony’s collar bone, making Tony lean back over the railing and exposing more of himself to the night air. As the breeze suddenly picked up, it carried the raindrops across his face. “Oh Steve. Hang on.”
“Steve!” Tony exclaimed as his heart jumped. “Don’t scare me like that.” He held his hand over his heart not far from where Steve had his arms wrapped around him.
Tony glanced back at Steve and felt his heart sink. Steve had the 'this is my fault' expression. Of course it was like him to blame himself for getting busy while Jack slept or rather couldn’t sleep.
The small box landed in his hand and he didn’t have to look to know what it contained. Steve bared his heart for him and he only wished he had the words to articulate how much that meant to him, how incredibly exact his feelings for him are.
When he emerged from checking and rechecking the bolts holding down both his and Cap's bike, Steve was in the second pilot's seat.
Hold on. Damn Steve smells good and he's so beautiful looking at me like that even though he looks so tired.
Another shudder racked his body and he hugged himself tighter under the blanket even though he didn't feel cold. Maybe if he could convince his body that it is cold, it would distract him from the boy's pleas for help and his apologies as his body drifted away on the winds of an alien world. Maybe Tony can convince himself that none of it happened and Peter is still safe on Earth. Maybe Tony didn't have to look into his eyes and see the fear that shaped them, and he wouldn't have had to hold him into his arms as he..
Tony stares down at his wrists, purple bruises forming in the shapes of Steve’s fingers. He still couldn’t find any appropriate words to say so he closes the distance between himself and Steve with a hug. Steve continues to hide his face in his hands but Tony is easing them down so they are lying on the bed. He just about had Steve under him when Steve pushes him away, going to stand by the window, darkness coloured by red clouds filling his vision.
Tony opens his eyes at the touch and a smile brightens his face. “Steve.” He whispers, voice heavy with sleep. Threading his fingers through Tony’s, Steve faces his husband. “I’m here.” Tony cuddles up to Steve’s side. “Where else would you be?” He jokes way too early in the morning for Steve’s liking. He chuckles anyway. Tony brushes the back of Steve’s hand with his thumb. “Stop blaming yourself.” He hopes all too knowingly that Steve will. Steve kisses the soothing thumb. “I am to blame.” Tony shakes his head, pressing his forefinger to the Captain’s lips. “Don’t. Please. It’s okay. It’s more than okay.” He drops his finger and cups Steve’s face. ”They’re only marks. They’ll fade.” Steve attacks the inside of his lip. “I promise you honey.” Tony assures, smiling. “And now that they’re not hurting, I kind of like them.”
Tony followed Steve’s map through the hotel lobby to the restaurant. After that, he had no use for it. Once he was in the crowded restaurant, an unearthly gravity pulled him towards the only man in the crowded room who mattered to him. Like the tides pulled by the moon, Tony gravitated towards Steve who stood out from the hundred or so faces.
They sat like that wrapped in each other's arms for a while, Steve listening to the even beats of Tony’s heart and Tony peppering soft kisses to Steve's neck every few minutes. It wasn’t until Tony asked about the mission that Steve felt like he was being woken up from a good dream he was having.
As if pulled to him like opposite ends of a magnet, Tony sauntered forward, his silk robe flowing around him, until his chest made contact with the expanse of Steve’s back. Steve jumped a fraction, imperceptible to another looking upon if it weren’t for Tony’s cheek against his back.
He didn't feel any different once he was surrounded by the hair he'd cut off and the smooth skin under his fingertips. He was just, tired.
His flight was long, even with the advanced Wakandan technology and autopilot. His heart ached to be somewhere familiar when the last of what he considered stable in his world was taken away. The compound can give him that. It was his home. He wished he could still call it that, but he hasn't been able to since..
“Just because you’re not actually watching the TV, doesn’t mean you get to bore me out of my mind by putting on a channel that shows documentaries about the possibility of penguins being homosexual.” Bucky spits out in one breath. Clint isn’t listening but the last part of Bucky’s complaint catches his attention. “Penguins are what?!” “Homosexual. That was the documentary that you were boring me with.” Bucky clears up, choosing a movie he finds interesting and lying back against the back cushions.
When he was physically exhausted, the serum kept him on his feet but at the cost of blurring reality and dreams together so he ended up in this fuzzy state. This is definitely the toll of many days without proper sleep. His eight hours nap earlier not doing much to replenish his energy. And after a mission, unlike when he’s at home where he got a few hours in and at least no physical exersion, this was how things were to be for a while unfortunately.
He kissed the same spot again and Tony gasped, in the same second, Steve's hands were on his, fingers threading through his and holding on tightly.
"With you." Tony assured him and Steve kissed him with the passion of a forbidden lover, yet with such delicacy and intimacy that was solely Steve’s. Tony felt as if his lips were to melt under his husband’s.
Despite himself, as he stripped out of his office outfit, he felt butterflies in his stomach like he did three years ago when they’d agreed to go on their first date. Fresh off snapping his fingers and ridding the world of Thanos and his army, he understood then why he felt nervous. Now it didn’t make much sense.
Tony's head returned to the pillow and Steve only nuzzled closer to Tony, pressing small kisses to his neck as his hand set up a comfortable pace they both liked.
The last item was strange as Tony usually kept all armour gear in his workshop. It was also in pristine condition, as if it had never seen battle. It was beautiful, same as everything Tony created. Steve reached out to pick it up to examine it from a different angle when its eye slits suddenly lit up.
Steve wasn't confused anymore. It made sense now. Clint was pulling the sensitive thread, Steve's own worst fear. The happiness that Tony always managed to bring him versus the deep sadness that he was also the cause of. Clint was right. You couldn't ever make sense of their relationship.
The smell took Steve back to Tony. It was his favourite blend. He had it everywhere there was a coffee machine. The jet obviously not being an exception.
Steve drops his gaze to their hands. “Yesterday when I kissed you..” He shuts his eyes and tries again. “We’ve been spending a lot of time together and I thought that.. that..” Steve sighs, unable to say the words racing in his head. “That what?” Clint pushes with another small step toward the chest that nearly knocked him over. “That you might like me.” Steve finishes his sentence, daring a glance up at the archer’s blues that widen before his eyes. “You could tell?” Clint asks, clearly not expecting Steve to confront him. The Captain nods. “I like you as well. That’s why I was as bold as I was because I can’t stop thinking about the things you say to me or how you can make me laugh. I never thought that I..” Steve looks away, the rest of the confession hanging in his throat.
Challenging, Tony knows exactly what Steve will do. And he does. Steve shifts a little in his chair so he’s looking at Tony and with a thumb coaxes Tony down to his level. He tilts Tony’s head to the left and brings his lips down to brush against his pulse point. Tony shivers. Steve doesn’t kiss or bite or lick Tony’s neck, just leaves his lips touching the soft skin. Very content to just breathe in his very familiar scent of expensive cologne and to count every beat of his heart under his lips as the sun slowly sets, darkening Steve’s room and creating Tony’s favourite mood.
"All done handsome." Tony announced, heading away from the dresser to the bathroom to wash off the extra hair gel.
"I've been seeing it for a while. You’d be tired and looking like you have half the strength you have for a couple of days. And then you'd be yourself again and everything would be fine. Or seem fine. Strange pattern don't you think? Not to mention it coinciding with Stark's trips to the workshop that last weeks." Clint couldn’t stop. Now that he's started, he needed to let it out. Needed to let Steve know that he felt for him and that he didn’t need to keep whatever this was between him and Stark a secret. He could talk about it to Clint. And even though he much rather prefered that he was the one in a relationship with Steve, he would definitely do all that he can to see him happy all the time. Not just in a weird pattern that depended on Stark.
Steve gave his hands a gentle squeeze. "When I laughed earlier, it's because he was there, he was talking to me about what Jackie did and the weather and how the mission was going."
Clint waited for Steve in the hanger beside the jet. It was dawn and he knew Cap would be on time but he was anxious. Cap must’ve learned about his son by now. He tried to shake the feeling by checking the bikes he secured in the jet for them to use in B.C.
Steve woke up to a different sound than the one he's used to and a hand on his shoulder. Bright light hit his eyes and he quickly squeezed them shut.
Tony smiled. "He's sleeping on my chest. He's all warmed up. And he's having quality cuddle time with Cap bear."
Clint looks up at the soldier and can’t decipher his expression. “Cap?” He asks but Steve says nothing, just takes another step towards the archer. Clint eyes the shrinking distance between him and the Captain.  What is he doing? What is he thinking? Steve takes hold of Clint’s wrist and leans into him, stopping only to see if he can go on. Clint is too shocked to produce any reaction and Steve presses forward. He brings his lips to meet Clint’s in a kiss and for a while, he’s sure Clint will kiss him back.
Tony saw his tears and he couldn't help not comforting him. He pressed a single soft kiss to his lips. "I will give you all my attention."
Steve began sliding his hand up and down Tony's member slowly before stilling briefly to grab hold of his own against his lover’s.
They both gasped at the new feeling of each other and in Steve's hand, Tony's gasp almost completely shadowing Steve’s were he not so close to Tony for him to hear.
Tony shook his head because there wasn't a word worthy enough to describe Steve. His Steve. He leaned forward and captured his lips gently.
Tony was shivering even though Steve's body heat kept him warm. He bent his knees and locked his ankles around Steve's thighs, and held him tightly in his arms, taking in all of his bodily warmth.
Steve hung up with Tony and slung his bag over his shoulder, checked his shield and went out to find Clint already on his bike.
"I missed you too Tony. More than I can describe baby." Steve admitted, sitting up, keeping Jackie at his chest with his arm around him.
He pulled his lips away and drew Steve closer to rest his forehead against his. Panting, he whispered, "Don't. Don't you for half a second think that anything you could say to me would hurt me. Not with everything that I've done to you."
That was it. If Clint thought he'd gotten Steve to loosen up earlier, well that just laughed in his face. The way he just laughed while talking to Stark, all loud and bubbly and beautiful and full of reckless abandon at something that possibly wasn't really all that funny, told Clint why he couldn't be the one for Steve. Why it had to be Stark who got the prize because people don't let go and open their chests up to just anyone. And Clint just witnessed firsthand what Steve's like when he lets his guards down. He’s never done that with Clint. It couldn't ever be him no matter how safe and at home he felt with Steve or no matter how wide he opened his chest for him. Nope. It had to be Stark.
"Steve. It's okay baby. I’m not doing so good either." He said that to encourage Steve but he felt like he was on the verge of breaking. Maybe both of them were addicted. The drug being each other.
Tony brushed his nose at the nape of Steve’s neck, breathing in his scent. "Baby.." He inhaled and leaned forward to kiss him, Steve meeting him half way.
Steve smiled, the only indication of which to Tony was the way his facial hair shifted against the top of his neck. “Who said you’d be away from me? I’m not leaving this apartment. You’ll just be unaware of me.”
“I don’t want him to feel bad.” Clint grips the edge of the counter as he remembers how Steve’s lips felt against his. They weren’t like Tony’s or Bucky’s. They were just like Steve himself; gentle and honest and exploring, yet afraid. Clint knows exactly why Steve kissed him with such hesitance. And he had to go do exactly what Steve didn’t want to happen by not kissing him back.
"I see you kissing sometimes and you couldn't be happier, the both of you. But other times, it's like you're strangers." He reached out and tilted Steve's face to face him. "I just want to make sense of it because I hate seeing you hurt."
He hadn't even opened his eyes and already felt movement around him. That's great. He didn't want to be alone. A lot of movement surrounded him then and a little body was crawling up on his chest.
“Bucky!” He calls loudly to wake the lazy soldier. “Bucky! Get up!” Bucky groans under the blanket and tosses to face away from Clint. “Wake up. It’s late. Come on!” Clint climbs up on the bed and hits him with a pillow. “Noo. Stop that!” Bucky complains, pulling the blanket tighter above his head. Clint rolls his eyes. “I made tea and coffee.” He bribes, hitting his boyfriend again. “Together? That’s gross. Bucky mumbles, voice quieted by the pillow he buried his face in. "No, not together! Get up!” He smacks him with the pillow over his head.
Outside on the street, Steve wiped away at his cheeks again though it was useless. His cheeks were covered in streaks of dried tears. He vaguely noted that he should probably drink some water and that led him to remember his hunger. All of which seem irrelevant in the face of what he was feeling.
Steve gripped his hand where it rested on his hip. "Tony.." He murmured, lacing his fingers through Tony’s tightly.
He was breathing heavier than usual and Tony guessed that after who knows how many days, this was affecting Steve on a very deep emotional level. He had every right to. Tony knew Steve loved him a lot more than he'll ever be able to love him in return. It explained Steve's hesitancy and desire for only the slightest of touches. Tony owed him and he reminded himself of his promise.
Steve reached for Tony’s hand and took the box. He opened it and took the ring in his hand. Tony on cue, extended his hand out to Steve who so carefully placed the ring on his finger. They smiled.
Steve walked in, sketchbook tucked under his arm and his hands in the pockets of his sweatpants that he wore to bed.
"..beautiful and I missed you so much it felt like you weren't even around anymore. And you said that it's okay if I didn't want to. Tony, baby I do. I just want to spend more time with you actually doing things like playing with Jackie and watching movies and cooking together. I want my Tony around me every second of everyday more than I want to make love to him."
If they'd been together, if they fought this battle against Thanos together, they wouldn't have lost. The world wouldn't have lost, the Avengers wouldn't have failed, and they wouldn't have failed the world. He would've still had..
Eyes following Steve toss his jacket, Tony’s heart fluttered at Steve’s use of his nickname for him. He’ll never admit it. “Nope. You can’t use that. It’s mine.”
Steve tried to free one hand but Tony shook his head and grasped Steve’s hand tighter, bringing it to his lips and kissing the back of it.
Steve didn't dream and he was grateful. He was having enough of a difficult time keeping the thoughts out of his mind while he was conscious, this was a rare gift. He didn't know how long he was asleep for, but he felt rested, and a little hungry but that can wait.
Tony was gasping again in a very brief time. Steve’s own little tiny whispered gasps getting louder.
Tony chuckled. “Steve St-” Realization dawned on him and his chuckle faded only to be replaced by a hopeful longing in his eyes as they met Steve’s.
"Are Captain Rogers and Master Jack included in the list of those you wish to not disturb you, sir?" JARVIS asked, knowing Steve's been waiting outside the workshop for hours with his sketchbook and the noise of Tony working. Jack, Steve and Tony's son was sleeping peacefully under JARVIS's constant watch. Truth is, not only is Steve worried but Clint texted him earlier telling him that they're leaving for BC at dawn. Steve was already awake so it wasn't a problem and decided to spend the few hours next to Tony at least. You know if he won't come to bed.
It was nice, it just rendered Tony useless, especially when Steve refused his help and donned the Captain America suit solo.
“Still.” Tony untangled one hand and reached back to catch Steve’s windswept hair and pushed it to the side. He rose on his toes and placed a single kiss in the crook of his neck. Steve shivered; Tony smirked in triumph.
He could write a book filled with mistakes that he's made but that's too easy. Admitting them to Steve was the hard part. Steve who was repeatedly kissing behind his ear now and murmuring quiet apologies as if he's the one who's offended Tony with what he said and not the other way around.
Maybe that was another reason why Steve didn’t let him in, because he couldn't tell the right thing to say from the wrong.
Steve ducked his head in a sad smile that he hoped Tony wouldn't catch. He had no idea just how much Steve missed him. At this point, Steve wasn't even thinking about making love to Tony. He just wanted to be close to him.
Clint and Steve watch as they run under the pouring rain with content smiles colouring their faces. Bucky chases Tony all the way to the entrance of the tower where they lose sight of them. Clint turns to face the soldier.  ”Wanna give it a try?” He asks, patting the sniper rifle in front of him. Steve’s eyes widen and he shakes his head. “No way. Not me.” He answers honestly, his smile audible in his voice. “Not in everybody’s interests, I guess.” “Maybe not. But bikes are in both of our interests.” Steve tries to make small talk but he can feel the awkwardness hanging in the air.
Steve was the addict, Tony the addictive in small dosage. It's finally been switched around and Tony gets what it must always feel like for his love. He's glad.
He stroked him in the right rhythm for a little bit and Steve followed, muscles and body locking as he reached his climax.
Steve knew without the promises though, be they spoken or symbolic. Tony may get very busy but he'll never stop loving Steve. Ever.
Nebula, who's his companion on the jet, who mostly leaves him alone to his thoughts and he's usually glad for, walked over to him and laid a thin blanket at his feet. He realized that he must have been shuddering quite a lot if she bothered to find him a blanket. His chest swelled at the act of kindness and constricted almost immediately after.
Tony gasped then, quickly bringing his hand to his lips to not wake Jack up. Steve couldn’t just say things like that about him. These things were the things Tony was supposed to say to Steve. Steve, the love of his thousand lifetimes and his rudder and every pure thing that Tony couldn't ever do before meeting him.
Steve pressed his nose just off the nape of Tony's neck and kissed behind his ear. "You have me sweetheart. You've always had me."
He took off around his room in the compound gathering what he needed to get ready which proved difficult because he didn’t know what he should wear. Sure, it was a dinner but it was also an invitation to a date that he and Steve didn’t plan together. A quick ask to FRIDAY about the address yielded that it was a hotel in the middle of the city, and not just any hotel, one of the 5-Star ones. It did kind of help to give him a dress code to follow.
"You'd be you, amazing, forgiving, you, and you'd come for me because I messed up. Again." He shut his eyes and willed his voice to stay level, even if became deadly quiet. "Honey, I'm so sorry. My time is coming and my mind is everywhere but I can't help but think of you and Jackie. And it just makes me believe to my core how much I've wronged you and how much I've wronged us. I don't know.."
Steve shut his eyes as he realized that Tony knew about his lack of sleep. "It's nearly impossible to feel safe without you Tony."
Tony initiated the kiss this time, touching his lips to Steve’s with every intention of leading them to the point where Steve does things to him. Steve seemed to have other intentions and kept his kisses relatively PG-rated. Tony pouted. Steve pulled away an inch to confirm what he felt was correct and kissed Tony’s pouty lips. “What’s with the pouting?”
It wasn't because he didn't care; it was because he cared too much. He still had obligations and duties to fulfil, for himself and for everyone counting on him. If he'd allowed himself to breach the edge into that line of thought, he'd be compromised. Tony means the world to him, had meant it before their fight and had meant it even more after. Perhaps that was another reason why he hadn't allowed himself to wonder, because he'd know if anything happened to Tony.
Steve simply rolled his eyes at him and opened the door. He motioned Tony inside and followed soon. He locked the door after making sure the Do Not Disturb sign was present and removed his suit jacket. “I’ll just be a minute Tony.” He announced as he entered the bathroom.
“I’m horrible.” Clint mumbles, letting the tears he’s been holding back since this afternoon fall onto Bucky’s shirt. “Sshhh. Sshhh. You’re not horrible.” He continues to run his fingers through the damp blond hair. “I am but I didn’t want to hurt him. Bucky, I didn’t. I.. I didn’t.. I should’ve said..” Clint stutters, tears falling faster and soaking his boyfriend’s shirt just like the rain had. But the rain can’t ever be sad. Not like Clint can.
It's all Steve can think and he wished that he could stop thinking for a fraction of a second. He lost, they lost. They're all gone. T'Challa, Sam, Bucky. God, Bucky. How cruel was the universe he lived in that he had to lose his best friend over and over and over again?
They were both moved like they were never before; Steve's rhythm, while slow and gentle, the very meaning of making love, was faltering, Tony was beyond the ability to say anything as he switched between indulging Steve with the kisses he demanded with red lips and focusing on how he felt within him. They knew it wouldn't last nearly long enough and they chased each other with their release.
“Yeah? You’re not hiding from me in there?” Tony joked, turning his ear to the door. He heard Steve’s chuckle.
Tony’s eyes narrowed even further but they didn’t remain that way as Steve stepped back and around Tony to pull his chair out for him, giving Tony a full view of himself.
Tony's gaze flickered between Steve's lips and eyes before he stepped on his tip toes to slot his lips against Steve's soft ones in a gentle sweet kiss.
Steve holds his head between his hands and tries not to think, to just focus on Tony. He concentrates on his breathing, managing to find a rhythm that matches Tony’s inhales and exhales. It’s working. Tony can feel his pulse slow under the tips of his fingers. “This is much better.” Tony whispers to the streaks of water on the window, only loud enough for Steve to hear. “Your pulse is slow and steady. Just like mine. Can you hear it?” Of course Steve can hear Tony’s heart beating and Tony knows this but he wants to hear Steve say something. Steve nods slightly in response but Tony is not content with his answer. “I didn’t hear you babe.” He leans into the back of Steve’s chair, still very gently working his fingers in the tense spots on Steve’s neck. “I can hear it.” He says almost to himself, leaning back just as Tony leans even further forward. “Let me know that you can.”
Steve looked up at the dark sky. “Looks like it’ll get worse.” Tony knew Steve could see the clouds despite the darkness of the night.
Clint snuggles close to Bucky, resting his head on his chest. “Me having two boyfriends, you and Tony having three, Steve having two… How did that happen?” Bucky sighs and listens to the still falling rain for a while. “It’s what makes happy.” “Steve isn’t happy. I didn’t kiss him. He was so heartbroken.” Clint’s voice cracks at the last word. Bucky’s hand brushes his hair, his lips pressing to the blond hair.
With barely still hands, Steve raised the helmet closer to his face and pressed his forehead to its cool metallic one. A tiny smile of hope itched onto his lips. "I'm ready to listen." He said in a hoarse voice as the sound of Tony's inhale of breath filled the room.
Tony's already quickening breath leaped. He nodded quickly. "Yes. Baby.. I want that. You. I want you Steve. I want you to make love to me."
Tony rose up higher on his toes, his next kiss placed directly below the line of Steve’s beard. “I don’t mean symbolically, Steve.” He placed another just under his jaw. “I mean next to me.” He accentuated his last word with a kiss to the corner of Steve’s lips. “Physically.”
Steve, when he was last with Tony behind closed doors, made love to him like he knew something was wrong. He made a point to kiss him the entire time as he held him close between the comfort of his arms. He manoeuvred Tony so that he straddled his hips and Steve held onto his like he was holding on for his life, strong enough to darken the skin under his fingers.
But this far in his life in the spotlight, he knew better than to create a scene. Still, he needed to make room to sort out where he was going to begin with his work and pushed the majority of the documents off to the side. To his relief, the coaster he kept on the desk made an appearance and he set his coffee mug down.
“There you are.” Tony whispered against Steve’s shoulder blade. A whisper was all his vocal cords seemed capable of this late at night. He wound his arms around Steve’s larger frame and revelled in his body heat.
Around the room were the futuristic looking items that were of Tony's liking. That was usual, what wasn't was the lack of Captain America memorabilia that Tony loved so much. It didn't come as that big of a surprise to Steve. That was the way Tony chose to cope.
"Hey baby." Tony replied and wow did he screw up big this time if the awkwardness of how that sounded on his lips was any indication. How long did he spend in the workshop this time?
"If you do that, who'll bring home the bacon?" Tony joked as he took hold of Jack's hand to steady himself.
“It’s a little bit off centre.” Clint fires his second round just as those clouds began to rain slowly. Bucky rolls his eyes and fires at Clint’s target, hitting the bullseye again. He winks when Clint turns to look at him, clearly confused but impressed.  "Admit it.“ Bucky orders, his eyes glinting with joy at the expression on his boyfriend’s face. Clint shakes his head, "Nope. Never going to.” and fires again for practice. “Because you’re jealous!” Bucky supplies, over confident of his own skill.He earns a cocked eyebrow from Clint. “Come on! You are! I’ve been a sniper a lot longer than you have!” “Doesn’t make me feel jealous. Not denying that you’re really good either.” The archer compliments as both he and Bucky spot Steve and Tony walking hand in hand out into the range.
After catching a few breaths, Tony had enough air to speak. "That's amazing baby. That's amazing honey. Keep going babe." Tony encouraged as he scratched at Steve’s nape gently.
He decided that making love to Tony the way he wanted for a while could be doable if he eased himself into it. That is when he familiarized himself with his husband all over again.
Tony kissed his cheek and Steve kissed his forehead. "I'll make it up to you kiddo. I promise." Tony smiled, lifting Jack from Steve's arms along with a few teddy bears.
The music still creates a happy atmosphere in the room that smells of coffee. Bucky turns himself and Clint around to lean against the kitchen counter. His eyes follow the gentle swaying of the curtains covering the cracked window. Through the mauve, Bucky only sees unmoving Gray. He brings his lips down to touch Clint’s short soft hair.
Tony brings his hands down on the Captain’s tense shoulders and begins messaging them to relax him a little. Steve sighs deeply under his touch, suddenly very aware of the precious metal ring on Tony’s finger as he works his hands efficiently. He did tell Tony what he did a few hours ago obviously, and even though Tony took it very well, he still couldn’t forgive himself. Steve suddenly drops his head down onto his desk,  too overwhelmed by the events of the day to make sense of anything. Tony’s hands follow him, wrapping ever so gently around his neck and rubbing delicately. He shuts his eyes and lets himself really feel Tony’s touch on his skin as he works just for Steve’s own benefit without being asked.
“You’re the one who organised it.” Steve retorted and Tony flicked his eyes over the way Steve’s hands were fidgeting over the balcony. “So thank you.”
Tony’s eyes watered all over again. “Okay.” He croaked, feeling Steve hold him even tighter. “Okay.”
“Of course, my lord. What would you like me to do with your current ones?” Tony asked as he raked through Zeke’s wardrobe, searching until he found what he was looking for. He pulled out the dark green robes with the gold lining on the cuffs and inspected it.
Pulling back, he met Steve’s eyes. They were glistening and this close, Tony could see green flecks. They were beautiful.
Steve had to clap a hand to his mouth to hide his own sob, feeling his eyes burn. What if the Beyonder had really hurt Tony? What if he had gone even further...
So Tony hoped he wouldn’t encounter him tonight. And if he did, he’d not linger and would leave instantly. His curiosity really wasn’t worth the risk.
Steve smiled tightly behind his cowl and took Iron man's outstretched arm. Settling himself into their usual flight position, Steve let himself relax when Iron man curled an arm around his waist. He did the same and with a soft exhale, he clasped onto Iron man and took a deep breath.
“Wave back.” Fury said quietly and when he didn’t move, Fury turned to him and lifted the glass of water to his mouth. But something burned in his eye.
“Yeah yeah.” Tony waved him off, inching forward till he was fully seated in the back. Thankfully, Steve didn’t try to move him, and simply came around the side.
Tony screamed so loudly that Steve’s hands instantly shot up to cover his hypersensitive ears. Obviously the minute he did that, the omega shot up from where he was lying to reach for Steve’s belt around his waist. Thankfully Steve clamped his hands down around Tony’s instantly and didn’t let go until Tony jerked his head up at him and snarled, teeth bared and eyes wild.
"I don't expect anything from you Steve." Tony said quietly, and suddenly all joking vanished as he stepped forward until he was a breath away. "I never expected you to feel anything like that towards me. But I'm glad if you do, even if it's just a fraction of what I feel for you."
He dragged his eyes up slowly from the blood splattered on Ezekiel’s boots to the base of his neck and stared. His eyes then darted up when he caught the shrill sound of Whitney’s laughter, but he kept refocusing on the splatters of blood all over Ezekiel’s armor.
Not just now. But for a long time, maybe even eternity. He’d always remember the complete joy he felt hearing that.
If the asteroids were too big, they would have little room to maneuver and without serious horse-power, it would be near impossible for a human.
“I-I woke up with them. I d-don’t have much but this was one of the few things I have. I...it’s all I have.”
“What do you think Steve? You think I’m a bad person?” Tony’s nails started to dig into his palms hard enough to draw blood. The irony.
Reed and Strange are sat down over a pile of metal and sheets. They both seem to be mulling over some blueprints while a hologram of the incomplete Dyson sphere takes up the room. They don’t hear him or Carol come in.
It had all been for nought though. After a particularly bad night that he barely remembered, he vaguely recalled waking up and turning to see the mark on his wrist disappear. That had solidified it for him. He had to change.
He felt his lips curve into a plastic smile. “Well maybe you’d be thankful anyone wanted you at all. Second is still better than none.”
Whenever they invited him, he started to accept their invitations more. Maybe it was the way Thor smiled when he saw him, or the glare he’d get whenever he hesitated in front of Nat. Or maybe it was the look of relief of Bruce’s face.
” Tony choked and began to sob quietly, feeling for all the world like he was the worst person out there. That he was so cursed and awful and selfish that he'd killed Captain America. That he'd killed the person he loved.
With his shoulders held high, he made his way through the crowd to the bar again. Just as before, he made his request for Dugan and waited while the bartender got a glass.
"It's not your fault. I get it, trust me." Tony laughed and shook his head tiredly. "You can't be liked by everyone."
“Be quick.” He murmured and watched their eyes light up with joy before they crowded him, sinking their small teeth into the soft flesh of his neck. Contrary to popular belief, vampires had very soft skin so as to allow vampires to share blood through bites. Of course, it was rare for the rest of the creatures of the world to know that. Vampire skin was highly vulnerable and hence, leaving the cavern without armour was forbidden. Their weaknesses could not be exposed.
“We’re here.” Steve said, prompting Tony to uncurl his fingers from Steve’s waist. He’d clutched on for dear life because boy, did Steve like to go fast!
He was safe. For a moment he was completely safe. No bullets, no team of assholes, no reminders of the SHRA or Osborn. Just...Steve...
He looked old but sturdy and Tony was sure he would've been freakishly strong in his prime. And of course, Tony knew how the history went for the Howling Commandos. How they’d all done their part and eventually laid Captain America to rest. It must’ve been a shock seeing Steve come back but something about the thought of them reuniting made Tony feel warm.
It had something to do with the recent excursions. Zeke and the others had been going on many recently and Tony didn’t know why. But he did know Ezekiel had been giving him less and less each night.
Tony nodded silently, letting his eyes drift as he stopped seeing beyond Steve. There wasn’t much point in arguing when Steve was like this. And what could he say after how he’d just behaved? It really was repulsive behavior. Pathetic and fitting for him.
In one smooth motion, Steve released one of his wrists and spun him around. Then, with viper like speed, he grabbed Stark’s wrists back and pulled him against his chest, keeping his hands crossed in front of his chest.
He had to live on the Helicarrier for however long it took to get the technology working again. There wasn’t a specific time frame in there. He had to take orders from the head of R and D which was also not ideal since he was better than all of them (not his fault). And not just that but he had to be prepared to follow the orders of the current commander. That meant Steve. Essentially this was a contract to work as a Shield agent.
Steve looked concerned. In fact, Tony would go so far as to say he looked scared. But of what, Tony wasn’t sure. It couldn’t have been him.
“Tony.” He heard behind him and swore when he jumped in his seat a little. The starstruck glow in Jeremy’s eyes told him all he needed to know.
“I got you something. I thought it would work with your-ah. Your suit.” Steve said, licking his lips a little and pushing the box into Tony’s hands and suddenly Tony was hit with the realization that Steve had just stumbled on his words. Steve never,
“Containment. I want the Wrecking Crew under S.H.I.E.L.D. custody until we figure out what this Beckett guy’s plan is. Thor, I want you to take the Wrecker, your hammer is the best defense against his crowbar. Banner, I want the Hulk to take on Piledriver. Iron Man, you and Hawkeye got Bulldozer. Black Widow and I will take on Thunderball. I want these guys taken out quickly and safely.” Steve called out orders as Clint landed the quinjet a safe distance away from where the Wrecking Crew were causing havoc.
At the end of the night, he walked Peggy home, like a gentleman, kissed her hand and wished her a good night. They parted on a promise to meet again. It was almost perfect.
“The Wrecking Crew has been spotted West of Central Park.” Coulson answered, appearing from behind Steve, Natasha at his side. “They appear to be doing nothing more than structural damage, which based on the Intel Agents Barton and Romanoff provided means this may be another distraction.”
Natasha and Clint had left for DC shortly after the Avengers had been called in to deal with the Wrecking Crew and though they hated leaving their team, this took precedence.
Clint also ended up leaving the student at a rest stop 5 miles outside of Salt Lake but given that it was so close to a major city, he didn’t feel bad. At least they could get help soon enough, and by that time he would probably be in another state so there was no danger.
As soon as everyone had their drink in hand, Clint walked back to the bar and grabbed a beer for himself, “A toast! To a well earned vacation.”
Clint finished his little speech by starting the course. If he did a few flips and showed off a bit, it was only because he was letting off some steam. It had nothing to do with the fact that Nat and Sam had been getting all of the attention. Clint was a professional.
“Didn’t I tell you this was going to be a great party?” Tony asked, smirking at Steve, there was a slight flush in his cheeks and Steve wondered whether it was due to his alcohol intake or something else.
Tony groaned deep in his throat, his eyes darkening with arousal. “You have me.” And kissed him again, all the urgency from their first kiss returning.
Tony’s mouth was warm and Steve couldn’t help but moan Tony’s name in between a slew of profanity. Tony looked up at Steve and moaned around him when he caught his eye, almost sending Steve over the edge. He shut his eyes and tried to think of anything but Tony’s mouth on his cock. Steve had waited too long to let it end like this, he wanted to feel Tony. He wanted to come with Tony inside him.
. God, Tony. You feel amazing. You’re so big. Of course I love it. Of course I love -” Steve groaned loudly as Tony found his prostate. “Tony.” Steve whimpered, lost in pleasure. Wanting to come, but not wanting this to end. “I need to come.”
“Harmless human? I do believe it was you that once said, ‘bitch, from where?’” Thor lets out a booming laugh, earning a glare from Clint.
After his night with Thor he had never imagined being able to have Tony – sure he hoped that one day it would be possible but it was just that, hope. Steve thought that night had been nothing but a mistake, nothing but a moment of weakness that was probably going to cost him the only thing he ever really wanted in this century. Now, though, Steve couldn’t help but wonder if he would have ever had this – any part of Tony really – without that night. A part of him wondered if he would have ever realized how hard he had fallen for the billionaire if he had never slept with Thor.
“Yes, she did.” Pepper replied moments before Tony walked into the kitchen and said, “She didn’t call me.”
Thor walks to his father’s chambers intending to speak to him. The dreams he’s been having are escalating and even as he walks to his father’s chambers everything feels, off. He feels as if he is in a waking dream, as though he is losing touch with reality and falling into a never-ending spiral.
Bruce turns around and starts making his trek to his apartment, deciding to stop for a coffee along the way.
Tony has been back at work for the last few days and has noticed Obie’s minions – as he has taken to call his new interns, secretaries, and a few board members - act secretive around him. They hold secret meetings, try to distract him with R & D, and ask him for more innovations. He doesn’t trust any of them.
“Have it your way.” Tony said as dodged the ball and sent a repulsor blast toward Thunderball, sending him flying back and just like that the fight started.
Eventually everyone seemed too entranced by their conversation to wonder about what was said between him and Thor, which Steve appreciated. Steve was especially grateful that Tony’s questioning eyes never lingered much on his face and he never voiced his questions, even as he tried to include him in the conversation. He knew himself too much to know that he would give the man anything – in hindsight he really should have known how he felt sooner - and everything he asked for and this wasn’t something he wanted to share with anybody, let alone him.
Steve reached out and managed to pull out a little bottle of lube and a condom before he lost himself in pleasure as Tony took him into his mouth. He groaned and dropped the bottle on the bed, reaching a hand down to cup the back of Tony’s neck, leaning up on one elbow to look down at him. It took all his will power to not fuck up into Tony’s mouth, letting the smaller man do as he pleased.
Tony kept working them both into his hand, although he was having a hard time keeping them both in his one hand. When their lips finally parted Tony rested his forehead against Steve’s and looked down at where they were rutting against each other. “Christ, Steve. Look at you.” He swept his thumb on the head of Steve’s cock, collecting precum, and brought it up for a taste. “So good.”
“Of course not.” Tony answered with a small smile and turned to his friend and PA. “Just having a friendly little chat.”
He hears the rustle of the tent flaps being open and braces himself for a fight. There is no way in hell he is going to be brought down by fucking newbie Agents. Fuck that.
Lately it was always unnerving to come home to an empty apartment, though he couldn’t understand why. Bruce can’t help but feel an acute sense of loss. By all accounts it doesn’t make sense since he’s been alone for a while. No anniversaries are coming up to remind him of what he lost and yet, here he is again feeling utterly and ridiculously alone.
*** Reminder: this is a SteveTony fic! In case you cannot read. This was always going to be a SteveTony fic, any side pairings were always going to be side pairings and I am not changing my mind. If you don't like it, don't read it. I don't want to see comments about this should have been 'XYZ'. Write your own fic about 'XYZ' and kindly leave my fic. This will be the only respectful warning. Thank you for your time.
Thor is just getting started with his theories, if he were anybody else he’d use the word ranting to describe what he was doing. But, a harsh laugh interrupts his thoughts and he stops. He half turns toward the door, half expecting and half hoping Loki was standing there, laughing at him. The doorway is empty. The laugh is coming from his father.
“Shut it, Barton!” Tony yelled at the same time Pepper grabbed an apple of the counter and handed it to Tony.
He turned to see one of his undergraduate students making his way to his office. He sighed, this was the third time this week this student came during his office hours and quite frankly all he wanted was to be left alone.
“Since when do you ask for permission to do anything?” Clint inquired while he shot another paper towards Tony, which Steve easily blocked with his left hand.
“Steve -” Tony’s voice brought Steve back from his thoughts and he backed away, embarrassed at being caught staring at the other man’s lips. “Why -?” Tony asked, reaching out to Steve. “What’s wrong?”
“So what you really mean is he suggested we take the weekend, but we can, in theory, take the whole week if we wanted, right?” Clint asked in an amused tone.
“First, let me serve us some champagne.” Betty moves to pop open the bottle, laughing ferociously when the top pops up and hits the ceiling.
“We have a lot to celebrate.” Betty raises one of her arms and Bruce sees the champagne bottle. He’s amazed she didn’t drop it during her laughing fit. “I have some pretty big news.”
Fun Fact: I almost went with a completely different storyline for Bruce and had him be alone with the Avengers and happy with Betty in this new life. I couldn't do that to poor Bruce though, he deserves to be happy.
“You are here because you are in the top of your field. Because you are what S.H.I.E.L.D. is looking for. If your sexual frustration is too much for you to handle, then maybe you should reconsider being here.” Clint walked towards the start of the course and hears as the small group of trainees follow. “There will always be distractions out in the field, we need people who are willing and able to stay on task no matter what. That includes two of the hottest, half-naked people you have ever seen sparring within your eye range. Believe me, if you can accomplish that, the rest is cake.”
First, let me say that I know that the beaches in Cabo are not how I described, BUT for the purposes of this fic, they are.
“Good.” Tony smiled into the kiss and sat up, “Come on, let’s go to my room.” Tony helped Steve up and kissed him one last time. “My bed is much bigger.”
“A job? With the Avengers out there? I thought we were taking a break?” The one with the metal helmet on his head replied with a suspicious glare. He could see the three other members of the Wrecking Crew – as they called themselves - sitting on the crates in the middle of the room.
Howard gave a small chuckle and looked away while Steve smiled and gave her hand a gentle squeeze, to reassure her of his presence. Another knock drew their attention to the door followed by Colonel Phillips and the doctor walking into the room. “Captain Rogers,” the doctor spoke as he looked down at his chart, “all your test results came back normal.”
“My head is killing me.” Tony muttered and rubbed at his temple. “JARVIS, what happened last night?”
“Yeah. So, what is so special about this target then - Sir?” Another of the new recruits, Skye is the one who asks the question.
Sparring with Sif was exactly what he had needed. There was nothing like losing yourself in the mists of battle to make Thor’s worries disappear. Fandral, Hogun, and Volstagg joining in their friendly spar session only made things better. Amongst his friends there was no time for his mind to wander and Thor could forget about everything.
Coulson sighed and turned to the junior agent. “I want eyes everywhere. We need to know where he went. We can’t let his trail run cold.”
Bruce looked up at her and took her hand in between both of his. “Nothing.” Betty laughed, a sweet carefree laugh, and leaned down to place a small chaste kiss on his lips. The moment, however, was broken by the alarms going off and Jarvis informing them that Fury was on the line.
“What for?” Steve asks, honestly confused as to why Tony is apologizing. “You’re not the one who broke the coffee cup. If anything, I should be apologizing for ruining-”
“Nice to see you too.” Tony smirked and sat on the couch after grabbing a slice. “So, what brings you to New York?”
“I am sure the Man of Iron is worth it.” Thor whispered and gave his shoulder a final squeeze, releasing his hold and walking toward the kitchen to join the others.
Tony was sitting in his office on his tablet, looking over the schematics R&D had dropped by earlier. Pepper had surprised him with the little fact that he not just had the share holders meeting but two other meetings to attend today – and he used the word attend tentatively – and the R&D meeting at noon was the only one he was looking forward to. He was vaguely aware of someone coming into the room but ignored them in favor of checking the schematics in front of him for any errors.
“That was the longest suit we found in the place, now come outside or I’ll go in there and get you myself.” Natasha threatened.
“Come on big guy, let’s go shower and get breakfast.” Tony smiled against Steve’s mouth and climbed off him to get out the bed.
Tony tensed up as turned to look at the man, wondering how much of their conversation he had overheard.
Clint didn’t object and took the hand she offered to get up; a sign of how much he had actually had to drink. He mumbled what Steve assumed to be “Goodnight” to everybody as Natasha put his arm over her shoulder to hold his weight.
The whole team was already there when Steve walked off the elevator. Bruce and Natasha were standing in a corner of the lobby, deep in conversation. Thor sitting on one of the chairs by the door, and Clint at his side shooting little pieces of paper at Tony, who seemed to be arguing with someone on the phone. By the look of satisfaction on his face, he was winning.
Despite being almost naked in front of the man Steve felt comfortable, more comfortable than he had been in front of the rest of his team. “Thanks.”
Fury sighed and answered with a simple, “Hopefully neither.” Which usually meant he would be providing back up only if it was necessary. “Based on the reports we are dealing with the Wrecking Crew, intel isn’t clear on how many of the actual members are there so you’ll need to keep your eyes open.”
“Alright you two, break it up.” Steve stepped in before the two assassins started arguing or got into another one of their prank wars that everyone else would end up paying for. “Clint, be nice and do not threaten the lady’s vodka. Natasha, don’t kill anyone.” He said with a smirk. “We are on vacation.”
Tony sighed in relief at the fact that JARVIS was there and functioning, though he wasn’t sure why. “What day is it?”
“I mean, I’m not making weapons for the military anymore. In fact,” Tony got up and strode over to the bar, “I’m done making weapons.”
This was right. This was how it was suppose to be. The war was over, he stopped Hydra. He had his whole life ahead of him. He had his friends, he had Peggy. So, why was he so sad?
“Yeah, so stop twitching or the next person to be shot in the ass is going to be you.” Natasha supplied with a smile that had Clint sliding his chair away from her. He has worked with her for long enough to know that she wasn’t opposed to shooting anybody, especially when they got on her nerves.
Tony’s mansion was beautiful, spacious, and extravagant, much like everything usually surrounding Tony. The private beach that accompanied said mansion was even more breathtaking, with its white sand and clear blue water – visible even in the moonlight - there was nowhere more beautiful. It was paradise, and there was no one Steve wanted to be here with more than Tony Stark himself.
“Party?” Steve asked from Tony’s side, giving the man a disapproving look. They were supposed to be on vacation, this was no time for one of Tony Stark’s notorious wild parties.
Steve slowly opened his eyes, blinking his eyes against the bright overhead lights. He grunted and tried to say something, gagging when he felt the tube down his throat.
Fury had volunteered the Avengers for a Charity Auction for Children – the winners of the auction got a chance to dance with a celebrity or Avenger of their choosing for the night – it was for a good cause but Steve couldn’t help the ache in his chest at the thought of dancing with someone who wasn’t Peggy.
Odin’s words are said with mirth, amusement is still written all over his face, but Thor can tell that there is an edge there too. Meaning, that this can all turn sour if his father doesn’t like the next words out of Thor’s mouth. Thor should shrug and end the conversation there. He should play the part and try to find help somewhere else or try to forget about his dreams.
“Obie’s former secretary. When the hell did this happen?” Pepper is starting to look a little pissed.
“He picked those out himself.” Tony glared at Clint. And yeah maybe Steve had chosen the swimsuit that reminded him most of Tony but that was just because they were the longest thing in the store. It had nothing to do with them being the color of the Iron Man armor, well almost nothing.
“Tony, I appreciate your concern but you’re right.” Tony looked surprised to hear the words and opened his mouth, but before he could say anything Steve kept talking. “I think it’s about time I learned how to dance and what better dance partner than Tony Stark.” Steve aimed for humor but his words came out more sincere than he was willing to admit.
“I got something.” Phil called out and they walked over to see that the agent had frozen the video feed on a strange man standing next to the doctor they were investigating.
Clint had been working odd jobs at a carnival in Denver. Mostly he’s been pick pocketing, but he’s considering moving on with the carnival down to Albuquerque or wherever they head to next. An idea he reconsiders when he sees an Agent actively tailing him.
Thor looked up at that, giving them an indignant look, as if even questioning the abilities of the mead was an insult to his being.
“Why?” Tony asked, turning toward Steve, walking over to climb on his lap as soon as he saw his lover’s pout. “Got any better ideas for today?”
Tony continued to work him open, adding a third finger and pulling off Steve with a filthy pop, kissing his thigh and looking hungrily down at where his fingers entered Steve’s body. “God, Steve, so gorgeous.”
“Okay, well if you’re fine then answer my question. Who’s Steve? You kept repeating his name in the kitchen, and you sort of started freaking out just now when I-”
He shook his head and took off to his left. If he made it to his bike before he was spotted he knew he could get away. He made it to the parking lot but spotted a black sedan with tinted windows blocking his path to the bike.
Steve traces a hand over his face and sighs heavily. After all the shit he’s been through, the year he lost, he thinks he’s allowed to dream of the live he can now have.
It has nothing to do with the weird dreams she’s been having and her weird new obsession with carnivals and circuses.
Tony laughs in triumph. He is definitely going to have J.A.R.V.I.S. save a recording of their conversation and use the sound clip as Pepper’s ringtone.
“No, Pepper. No hospital, please, I’m fine.” Tony repeated as he rubbed his hand over his face and felt tears running down his face.
“Yeah.” Tony rubbed a hand over his face, the shield forgotten inside the crate. “We were fighting aliens if you could believe it.”
The best part of the night, for Steve anyway, was that he spent it mostly by Tony’s side, which was only partly due to the courage provided by the mead. Eventually though, more than one Avenger began to stumble and they moved the party over to the living room, if only to keep Jarvis at ease, though they were all still in their swim wear and it was well past midnight.
“Thanks Jarvis.” Natasha answered pressing the button for the appropriate floor and turning to Clint. “On a scale from one to ten, how angry do you think Fury will be tomorrow?”
“Steve.” Tony’s pupils were blown and he whimpered Steve’s name as he began to thrust into Steve’s fist.
His chest hurt - it wasn’t a physical pain, more like a deep ache in his soul, if your soul could ache - and his vision was starting to blur, something was seriously wrong.
Bruce laughed from the pool. “Clint, are you drunk already?” He asked, giving the man a questioning look.
Now that he could relax, at least for a while, Clint wondered what his next move would be. He could go into Canada and wait for the agents to forget about him or he could go down to Mexico and take a long needed vacation. The only problem was that something didn’t feel right.
“My best guess, when I was busy losing my mind about Steve.” Tony rubs a hand over his hand, opening his eyes to see Obie coming their way. “Heads up. Incoming.”
Bruce yells, angrily picking up a lamp and throwing it against the wall and storms out of the apartment without cleaning up the mess.
Coulson dismissed the group after a chorus of, “Yes, sir.” He turns to see Agent Hill standing behind him.
“Come one Bruce, one drink will not bring out the other guy and you know it.” Natasha reasoned and added quietly, “Besides, getting a drink doesn’t mean having to drink it and we all know it will shut him up. I’ll have my usual.”
“Okay, so maybe I didn’t always know he was crazy. He was just always just Obie to me.” Tony grunts as he pulls a small mechanism from the iron man armor. “It wasn’t like he had been trying to kill me my whole life. Before everything went down, he was like a really cool uncle to me.” Tony shrugs and begins tinkering with the armor while J.A.R.V.I.S. pulls out the corresponding specs.
Tony shifted on top of Steve and pushed his hand out of the way to take them both into his own hand.
“No, thanks, Bruce. Tony doesn’t have time for breakfast this morning.” Pepper answered for Tony and the billionaire shrugged as he drank his coffee.
“Come on Capsicle, you have to learn how to dance.” Tony pleaded as he pulled him into the living room – all furniture had been pushed to the side to make room. “You can’t be the only one who doesn’t participate. Do you know just how much money a dance with Captain America will raise? Besides, Fury expects all the Avengers to attend.”
It had been a long day and based on the look on Fury’s face it was only going to get longer. Phil could only hope that Clint and Natasha were having a better time in DC.
Tony turns and watches as one of Obie’s interns simply walks away without a word after knocking into him.
Except her mark was supposed to be the only casualty and as she arrived to her destination she could see that he was not alone. A woman – probably the wife – and three kids were there with him.
Her phone vibrated on the table across the room. She moved off the businessman’s lap and went to retrieve it.
“Thank you.” Steve smiled against Tony’s mouth as they pulled away from the kiss, resting his forehead against the billionaire’s and closing his eyes. Reveling in the feeling of being in Tony’s bed, in his arms.
There is a small voice inside her head, however, that is asking her to stay at the carnival. It’s all very unnerving. The large crowd is the only thing keeping her calm. She has a gut feeling that she is missing something. Something important.
“Jesus!” Bruce jumps slightly back and focuses on lowering his heartrate. “Are you trying to kill everyone in the tower? I thought we agreed no jump scares.”
“Downtown? Pepper what are you talking about?” Tony began to protest, he didn’t know what was going on and now Pepper was telling him he needed to go downtown.
“Sir, Ms. Potts is waiting for you in the kitchen, she asks that you come down as soon as you are presentable.”
Steve cut him off with a kiss before he had a chance to take the words back and smiled brightly at him. “I love you too, Tony.”
Natasha feels shaken. Her dreams are getting out of control. She takes a few deep breaths to try to calm herself. She needs a change of scenery. She checks her email and sees another job posting in Chicago. Chicago may do her some good.
Peggy gave him a questioning look. “You’ve been missing for a year, Steve. It’s a miracle Howard was able to find you in the ice.”
Steve needs to relearn how to live again and that is exactly what he is going to do. He stands from the park bench and makes his way to Peggy’s apartment. He doesn’t want to be late for their date.
“A little, but it’s worth it.” Steve replied as he turned to steal another kiss from the smaller man. “You are worth it.”
He is stopped by a guard and Bruce takes a step back, confused as to why the guard won’t allow him into his apartment.
“This is not the pair I was expecting to see,” James mused, sitting up further. “Everything alright?”
“James has theories as to who it could be. Some are more worrying than others. Right now, I honestly don’t know but the main thing is this: whoever it is, they went after Clint. James’ fella. Means there’s a good chance they’ll try the same thing with you and I’m not about to let that happen.” He paused. “For now, I want Jones and a few other men with you at all times. I’ll have Dugan with me. If anything happens though… I want you, Benni and ma to go away for a while.”
Steve chuckled, suddenly feeling too warm for his jacket and pressing more kisses to Tony’s neck. His hands traveled down Tony’s slender frame and fiddled with the fastening on his pants.
Tony’s hands were working on Steve’s belt and Steve’s hands held Tony’s face steady while he kissed him. Steve was dirty about it which Tony hadn’t expected, his tongue greedy and wanting, his lips practically illegal.
Steve’s breathing hitched and he felt hot all over, wanting nothing more than to peel off all their clothing and have Tony bouncing on his lap but he was hurt and if not for that thought, Steve would already be in his underwear.
“I told Tony but it’s not necessary for you to get us anything, even though I appreciate it,” she told Steve politely. Tony had noticed that she always avoided saying his name one way or another.
Steve got to the restaurant at exactly six-forty-five. He was wearing a nice pair of slate-grey trousers and a light blue button down—all clothes picked out for him with Sam’s help. If it were up to Bucky, he would have arrived in just his turnout pants, helmet, and no shirt because “that’s how you get laid, Steve.”
Steve exchanged a look with Sarah. He’d told her immediately what happened and to keep an eye on Tony, be in his space if necessary but not to let him be alone for too long.
A few days later, Clint was sorting through items in the storeroom, inspecting his monthly inventory and making a list of what he needed refills on. It was a quiet afternoon so far, not much traffic in and out, so he decided to do some of the more boring stuff that he might usually pawn off on Fitz but he didn’t mind having something that required focus. Focusing meant his mind didn’t have time to wander and lately it had been doing a lot of that.
Tony knew what she was asking and why but it still made him wonder about a lot of things. Their lives were risky enough as it was. Add that to the mix and it would get even riskier. He wondered how many of their men knew. Did they care?
Steve walked back downstairs with Sarah in silence, doing his best not to look towards Tony’s bedroom as he passed. He stuffed his hands into his pockets to give himself something to do and Sarah sighed.
wrong.” He pressed another kiss onto him, this time into his hair and Clint let out another shaky sigh and held onto James tighter, his fist clenching around a handful of James’ shirt as a shudder ripped through him.
Dugan held the car door open and Steve let Tony in first and then he slid in after him, keeping space between them. He couldn’t help but look Tony over. He knew James meant ‘best care’ when he said it but he couldn’t keep himself from worrying.
why didn’t you tell me your captain was so good in bed? Had I known, I would’ve jumped his bones that morning when he found me on his couch.”
James asked softly and felt the hand holding onto his shirt slowly loosen its grip. Clint nodded against his neck and stood up. He inhaled deeply, looking at James with those big, blue puppy-dog eyes. “Lucky will be happy to see you.”
“Hello, you two. Everything alright in here?” Tony asked carefully. Maybe he should have knocked or announced his presence another way. Maybe this was a private conversation and none of his business.
“Look at you, making my night easier one roast at a time,” Tony said with a grin, grabbing the shirt and starting to change. “And as for the date, it’s a secret. The only thing I know is that I’m supposed to meet him at his place.”
He scooted himself back to lean against the wall and catch his breath. Breathing was hard, his ribs hurt, and he suspected he had a few fractures. Even his back against the cold concrete wall was painful and he vaguely remembered boots being driven into his body from every angle.
he whispered, “let’s go upstairs?” He didn’t necessarily mean that as a promise for a sleepless, active night but to talk to the man he loved so much.
“We’re going to Nova Scotia first? Wow, I’ve never been to Canada before,” he sat down on the table to read the brochure thoroughly. “That’s a lot of days of endless ocean. Oh look! There’s an outside area for our deck. Can we go there when we— wait, what is it called? When the ships gets going.” He jumped away from the table and headed straight to Steve to check his pocket watch. “We’ve got fifteen more minutes until then.”
