Castiel ignored him, continuing to soak up as much as he can, his only distraction being Dean Winchester, who seems to be having no problems in listening to what Michael is saying.
They finished their breakfast, and Sam dragged him out of the door barely before he finished his coffee. Throughout the whole ride, Sam was squirming around, fingers tapping against the upholstery.
“I’m not sure that is the case,” Cas says. “The young girl we talked to said that she has been seeing the ghost for two years now, and her grandmother mentioned she has been staying in the house for three years. It has to be someone who died in the house between that time frame. As trustworthy as a child’s word is, of course.”
“Now if my memory is correct, you were the one who insisted I watch those movies,” Cas grinned softly. “You can’t alter your words according to your convenience, Dean.”
Couple minutes later Dean found himself on the floor of the TV room with Cas next to him, ruffling through the rack of DVDs while Sam sat on the recliner, munching on popcorn.
"I don't think so," Cas cuts him off. "You were there for him but you had no one. I'm not invalidating his suffering but Sam was not old enough to remember what a safe and content life felt like, but you had all of it ripped away from you. That is something unbearable for a child."
Castiel taps into his grace and manifests his middle pair of wings that emerge from his shoulder bones, and he feels Dean's hands grope around his feathers, just as an array of conflicting emotions from confusion to disbelief flicker across the hunter's face.
Sam chuckles, “Hey, if you need a guy to not be an ass then I got your back, Cas. I have a natural ability to tune out music I don’t like after spending so much time with Dean.”
God must be smiling to himself now as Dean's brain to mouth filter short circuits at the way Cas outright
The jingling of the door got their attention and Dean turned around, waving his hand at Cas. He spotted them and walked over, already making butterflies bounce off Dean's stomach walls.
The longer they walk, Dean’s concern seems to make more sense. The serenity around them is unnerving. Castiel keeps his eyes trained on Dean and his fellow angels, while his ears listen for any movement around them. Soon, they reach the part of heaven where the human souls reside. It’s the one and only section of heaven where angels had no rights to intervene, not like it matters taking account of everything that's going on.
“So, you’re kinda human. That means human first aid will work.” Dean is already out of the room. He grabs the first aid kit from the cabinet under the sink and leans against the counter, trying to will his heart into slowing down. Dean is treading this line dangerously, caring too much about something that’s guaranteed to fuck him over.
"I have always found this human custom to be very endearing," Cas says softly. "It's even more enjoyable with you."
“You have to know I cannot do that.” Castiel says, his shoulders dropping. He senses the way Dean’s soul flares up, reaching out to him. Castiel meets Dean’s eyes, “I have a mission, Dean. I have orders to follow and tasks to accomplish. That is the purpose of my life.”
“Shh, it's okay,” Dean soothed, helping Cas sit up. “You want some water? I’ll get you water.” He didn’t get much far since Cas tugged him back down with a shake of his head.
“Dean, don’t,” Cas tapped his chin. “Don’t shut me out, please. Consider it selfish but I can’t watch you put yourself through this suffering. Talk to me.”
Dean selects a couple of items and heads over to Cas, who has his eyes trained longingly on a light blue cardigan.
"It said that when the rain died down, predators would emerge from their hiding places, and it was better to have
echoing like a prayer between their mouths. The feeling is divine and simple all at once, the tangible sides of two truths shifting into one.
Dean let out a whimper as their lips met, his mind swimming away from his worries for a moment. When they pulled apart, Cas' eyes were soft and warm.
"Yeah, sure," Dean nods, and adds before Sam can shower him with any more pity, "Bye Sammy, tell Eileen I said hi."
Dean grabs their clothes from the floor and hands it to him, "It's not your fault, Cas. Not entirely." He says, "Sam was already trailing Lilith and at some point we would've ended up smack in the middle of this, angels or not."
"Yes, Sam. But I suppose you would like to confirm," Castiel holds his arms open. "You can shoot me. I assume the bullets are silver and that must help you rule out the chances of a shifter."
because having hope always ends in a heavy plot of disappointment. He's not planning to jinx it this time if he can.
As they finished up with their questions, Nadia caught his eyes and inclined her head in the direction of the kitchen.
Cas shakes his head, an amused look in his eyes as he wraps his lips around the edge of the spoon. Dean swallows, trying his best to keep his hands steady. Cas pulls back just as quick, a tongue poking out to lick his lips while Dean tries not to visibly choke on oxygen.
“I know,” Dean nodded, wiggling to get comfortable. “But we’re gonna keep getting hurt. It’s part of the job.”
"Of course, not." Dean felt a hand on his lower back. He shuddered slightly, trying to hide the blush that crept up his cheeks. "I will look after the toast, that can't be hard."
The passenger seat door opens and Cas slips in, dressed in some cheap suit he doesn’t remember getting. It doesn’t fit him well enough, but Cas manages to pull it off somehow. The blue tie is crooked as always.
Dean rubs a hand across his face. "In my line of work, baggage only slows you down and gets you killed." He says. "You gotta power through it."
He blinks a few times, taking in the fact that the lump has a mop of dark hair and a hand sticking out from the sleeve of a tan coat. The fifteen or so steps between him and the figure on the ground is covered quickly and Dean crouches on the floor.
Dean stomped down and digested the butterflies in his stomach before taking a step closer to Cas and taking his hands in his.
"I wanted nothing more than to come back to you," Cas cups his face in both of his hands, and Dean all but purrs.
Dean comes first, clenching around Cas, pushing him off the edge. He feels the rush of warm liquid inside him, his name a chant on Cas' lips as his vision whites out from all of the senses crowding his mind.
“We used to have two boys of your kind living two houses down the road from here, but they moved a while ago.” Linda notes.
"Dean, we have had this conversation," Cas gripped his elbow, turning Dean to face him. The initial instinct to rip his arm away flickered and went out like a dying flame as his gaze locked with those lightning blues. "You said your apologies and I forgave you. Please don't torture yourself over this."
"I don't see why not." Cas replied. Dean didn't know what to say. Cas seemed to notice the abrupt silence that fell between them, pulling away as he sat up straight. "I'm so sorry, Dean. I know we can't have that. It was just a spur of the moment."
"Technically, it's this German dude's cabin that I bought from him because he was in a hurry to sell and go back to Germany for his dad's funeral," Dean replies. "So, no, you're not imposing."
Dean watched as Cas walked out of the airport gate, a smile making its way to his lips. No matter how he tried to ignore it, Cas had hold of his whole entire heart. He might be wrong, but something told him Cas too wanted what Dean wanted, and it was only a matter of hoping Dean doesn’t screw up anymore.
"We literally live in the middle of a forest, Cas," Dean says, though the protest is weak. Dean would give the man his own kidney on a silver platter if he asked for it.
“I did,” Dean gave him the confirmation he was looking for. “I’m so sorry, man. I don’t know what I was doing, shit-”
"Dean, you can't sleep right now," Castiel gently guided his head upright with a hand on each side of his face. "Please stay awake for now."
The rain began settling down ever so slowly, sharpers rays of sunlight peeking out through the edges of the dark clouds. The sandpiper resumed building its nest as it dusted out its feathers to warm them in the growing light.
Cas rolled his eyes, crawling under the covers and trying to make up for the warmth that Dean took away with him. His eyes followed the shadows that danced in the darkness of the motel room, sweeping by the walls before he could give them a name or a shape. Unfamiliarity wasn't new to him but this time it was more intense than ever—the room was quiet save for Dean's breathing (too uneven to be from a sleeping man) and his mind a loud and swirling mess.
They walked over to Jess’ dressing room, only to find a few of her friends in matching rose-gold dresses standing guard in front of the door.
There was a question in the word, a sense of challenge, as though Cas is expecting him to burst into tears or put a hole in the nearest wall. Dean couldn’t care less to formulate a reaction as his mind was running a mile a minute, from relief to guilt and back to plain old disgust aimed at no one but himself. Cas was
With a flick of her wrist, Sam was sent flying sideways into the wall, and the last thing he heard was Dean’s voice calling his name before darkness enveloped him.
Shuffles out of the couch, leaving the blankets bundled up behind him, Dean heads to where Cas is asleep. The door to the room is left ajar, but Dean still raises his hand and knocks tentatively. A strained whine comes in response, leaving Dean grinning widely.
It's when they venture into the territory of horror movies that Dean learns—much to his delight and Castiel's frustration—that Cas absolutely
Dean rolled his eyes at his dad, but couldn’t help but smile, all of it feeling surreal. He turned to Cas who was mirroring his smile, blue eyes soft and warm. It felt good to be home.
"Morning," Eileen mutters as she walks into the kitchen, her belly two feet ahead of her. "Tell me there is food."
Sam cleared his throat and Castiel ducked his head, leaning away from Dean even when he didn’t know why he felt like he had to do so.
The now familiar silence falls again and Dean peaks at Cas, not having the energy to sit up. Cas pulls off his coat and throws it on the arm of the couch like he has a personal vendetta against the thing. He sighs, running a hand through his hair, messing up the strands even more.
"I'm sure you must have seen the illustrations," Cas says. "There was a time similar to that of now, when angels had never walked on earth. Humans envisioned us as cherubim figures resting in the clouds with halos and harps."
"Fuck." Cindy curses, "I'm trapped in the house and I don't know what's going on. Please, I need help."
“I…” Dean swallowed, his throat rippling, and Castiel’s eyes followed the movement. "Can we talk once we’re on the ground and not floating in a death box?”
Dean doesn't say anything in reply, just gets up and heads to the bathroom to freshen up. He picks up his phone, a part of his nighttime routine to check for any messages from Sam, Eileen or Jo. He unlocks the phone and sure enough, a couple messages from Sam are waiting.
The slight tinge of pride in Cas’s voice had Dean’s gut going all kinds of crazy, and before he could stop himself, he was curling a had around the back of Cas’s neck and pulling him forward. The moment his lips met Cas’s, all Dean could think about was why it took him so damn long to do this. The quarter of a second where Cas went still under him, Dean’s entire life flashed before his eyes, but the moment Cas’s lips slowly moved against his, Dean knew he was a goner.
"Here we go," Dean threw his hands up in frustration. "You don't need to keep grinding every second of the day, man. Sit this one out and hold the fort down while we're gone."
“Huh,” he pressed the answer button, putting the call on speaker. “It’s nice of you to call at least now.”
"I can never be sure." Cas replies casually, footsteps echoing closer. Dean lets himself be forced to face Cas, feeling himself shatter. "What am I doing wrong, Dean?"
Dean's not sure if he's surprised or disappointed. On one hand, people's description of heaven does no justice to what it truly looks like. Dean now understood what Cas meant when he said heaven reflected earth but not literally. The place looks like a whole ecosystem made out of all the wildlife that was destroyed on earth. On the other hand, Dean was silently hoping he could see Cas' wings. But that didn't stop him from gawking at the angel. To his surprise, Cas was looking back at him, mirroring the awe on his face.
“Shut it, will you?” Dean scowled at her, putting the ring back in his pocket. “Only Sam, Jess and Charlie know. Now you too.”
"Uh, I mean, it's a nice shirt," Dean shoved it into his hands. "Might suit you. Or anyone for that matter."
because he gave up everything to save Dean—deserved the world delivered to him on a silver platter. So Dean breathed, which for someone who had been doing it for over three decades, felt like a Herculean task. He felt the weight of the whole goddamn earth lift off his chest at the first gush of air into his lungs.
Dean barks out a laugh, heart growing three sizes just by being in Castiel’s proximity. The air grows colder as the night goes by, but Dean is surrounding my warmth inside out. He falls asleep faster than usual that night, the dull rhythm of Castiel's breathing pulling him under.
“You’re not a stray, Cas,” Dean says softly, barely meeting his gaze. “You’ve got a family, and you've no idea how much I wanted to find you and bring you back home.”
is important, and there are only so many times he can screw up before it’s too late to patch up whatever is broken between them. He feels the nervousness crawling up his spine every time he looks up at Cas; who is at the pool table completely oblivious to Dean’s crisis. And he’s weirdly good at hustling. Good for him.
Castiel dragged Dean to the dance floor before he could change his mind. He placed a hand on Dean's waist, taking Dean's hand in the other.
Dean made a mental note to ask how Sam got to first name basis with the sheriff so soon, "Liked by everyone, I can tell."
"And yet, it's a tragic love story," Irene shook her head. "If Dean weren't in the equation, you would be happier. You would still be an all powerful angel instead of a pathetic excuse for one. Even Sam could've had a better life if it weren't for Dean dragging him into this mess."
"Me and Cas ganked a few of them on our first trip." Dean recalls. "By the way, why are we all whispering?"
“It’s been three months, Benny,” Dean says, feeling kinda glad he spoke to Benny about Castiel. “I want him to be back but that doesn’t mean it’s gonna happen. Maybe I should start looking for something new.”
"You started picking fights with someone at the bar and he punched you. You might also have a black eye in the morning."
"It's delicious," Cas announces, and Dean knows it's not a half hearted appreciation for the sake of politeness.
As the staff shuffled out of the room, Castiel leapt on his feet, catching sight of Dean talking to one of his coworkers. When he spotted him, Dean mumbled something to the woman and walked over to him, grinning widely.
“Later, I promise. Probably over a few beers,” he says. “It’s not because I want you to forgive me. Hell, I don’t expect you to, after everything. I just need you to know.”
“Actually, cavemen hunted and ate raw meat. Not salads and vegetables as you are implying,” Cas supplied nonchalantly.
It wasn't that they weren't close before, but ever since Castiel chose humanity, Dean had become more relaxed and comfortable around him, affectionate even. Cas had no idea what was going through Dean's head, but he knew Dean well enough to understand there was some sort of affection Dean's nursed in his heart for him. Not that any of it mattered. Dean was stubborn when it came to letting himself have what he wanted, and Castiel wanted nothing in return. Loving Dean was good enough for him.
"You're not the only one harboring feelings, Dean." Castiel began. "I like you too, a lot. More than I possibly thought I would ever like anyone. It might be difficult to work things out considering our professional relationship," Dean opened his mouth but Castiel held up a hand, "but, I really want to try and make this work. So, if you want to, I am more than willing to try this."
Castiel watches helplessly as the restroom door swings back and forth behind Justin’s departure, knowing this is always how it went but unable to do anything about it. There is a monster to kill and people’s lives are at stake, Castiel tells himself, hoping those excuses will hold long enough for him to forget the man he fell in love with; the one who he knows he can’t have.
As promised, Cas is back a few seconds later, his laptop in his hand. He sits opposite to Dean at the small table, and Dean spends a few seconds wondering why his heart is going on overdrive just because Cas’s foot is touching his underneath the table.
“We’ve got nothing to hunt, Dean,” Sam snapped, and Castiel retreated from their path. “So, tell me when you're done with your temper tantrum, then we can talk."
“I missed you too,” Cas pulls away slowly, just far enough that their noses almost touched, “I would have been upset if I myself didn’t think for a fleeting moment that you would have moved on.”
“Too bad you’re not the bridesmaid, Bela.” Another girl with bright red hair huffed in amusement, “Can’t use the excuse of tradition to sleep with him.”
Castiel gives her a nod of encouragement, and turns to Camael, "I need you to store the weapons safely for the night. I hope the plan is clear. We will be leaving first thing in the morning."
“Son of a bitch. No wonder the company was too eager to pay for our stay.” Dean said. “What about the tourists?”
Cas makes a humming noise around the fork in his mouth and Dean grabs a broom and heads to the attic. The stairs are as creaky as it can get but Dean trusts Benny's handiwork, not to let Dean fall and break any bones.
"Hmm, that feels nice." Dean hummed, arching back into Castiel's touch. "I need a massage every time I come back from visiting the site."
“Alright then, let’s leave in the morning.” Sam slaps his hands on his knees and stands up, “I’m gonna go grab something to eat. If you wanna talk, you know the drill.”
“You boys have a lot to explain ’cause lord knows I can’t,” the sheriff says, leading them inside. “It’s ugly in there.”
Dean wears his soul beautifully, his human self wrapped around it like a shield, fierce and unwavering. Dean stares straight ahead to where Castiel is standing, invisible, just as though he is aware of the presence. He blinks in Castiel’s direction for a few seconds and then shifts his focus back on to the bottle in his hand, taking a sip.
Castiel grabbed his duffel bag and walked out of the room, his chest lighter than it had in a long long time. If there was anything he was confident of at that moment, it was that as long as he could keep the people he considered family happy and save a few lives, being human might not be so bad after all.
“You son of a bitch,” Dean grits out, screwing his eyes shut to well the burn of his own tears. Cas is here, Cas is alive and in flesh in front of him and Dean has no idea what to do. It all hits him at once, how much he missed Cas these past three months, not knowing if he was ever coming back or even going to come out alive from the war. He truly was living the war wife life. Dean opens his eyes fearing the expression he was about to see in Cas’ face, but all that looks back at him is adoration tainted by sadness. It all about breaks him. “Three fucking months and I didn’t even know you were-,” he swallows a choked up sob and reaches out, “Cas...can I…”
"I can retrieve my grace with the help of my siblings," Cas continues. "It would be difficult, but it's possible."
Sam went back to his book, though his brother and the former angel stuck out like a sore thumb in his line of vision as Dean and Cas threw glances at each other, needing no words to communicate, as they do. Sam knew if he were to leave them alone for long enough they would end up feeding pancakes to each other and Dean would pat Cas on the shoulder, say
"Woah, it's alright," Dean says, raising his hands on either side of his head in submission. "I found you unconscious in the middle of the damn road, mind telling me how you ended up there?"
Castiel sat down next to Dean cautiously. From their time together, he could read Dean's mood from his posture. Dean was incredibly tense, knuckles white as he gripped the armrest. Castiel cleared his throat,
Green eyes fill with tears and Castiel's heart aches at the sight. He takes a tentative step forward, "Jack brought me back after I helped him rebuild heaven."
“Will you two shut up? Trying to watch a movie here,” Sam grumbled, throwing a piece of popcorn over his shoulder.
The coffin lid is pulled shut and Sam Winchester lowers his brother to the ground, silence filling the deserted forest. The last grain of sand evens out on the floor of the clearing and Castiel returns back to heaven, prepared to embark upon his mission.
“Please, I didn’t even try,” Ivan huffs, but Cas doesn’t miss the pleased smile on his face. For a twenty one year old, Ivan is every bit of a genius, especially in research and lore, often getting a bit overly excited.
Cas has a hundred questions to ask and Dean grows fonder of the angel with the way every answer lights up his whole face. Dean leaves Cas for a couple of minutes to get groceries—a lot of coffee at Castiel's special request—and returns to find his friend in a plant shop clutching a succulent in his hand.
“You think it’s someone from the inside?” Dean raises his brows. “This is like the worst time to have a spy.”
Cas laughs, the coldness in his tone making Dean flinch. "I'm not going to apologize for saving my friend."
"No!" Dean shook his head, eyes wide. His features morphed into something incomprehensible within a second and he pulled away from where Cas was still unintentionally holding his arm. "Fine, you can come along."
“Wouldn’t be the first time,” Sam muttered, his eyes widening just as the words left his mouth. "Shit, I didn't—"
to. Except, what does Dean know? He’s some drunk guy on the floor with his best friend being the only thing holding him up, in every sense of the word. Dean looks into Cas’s eyes and sees a lot in there, a lot of good things, but none of it makes sense to him. All he knows is that it’s fucking
If he had teared up a little, that was none of anyone's business. "Come on, then. Let's go ring shopping."
"Still obsessed with bees, huh?" Dean chuckled. "Honey's good," there was a pause before he spoke again. "What should I call you?"
“About that, we cleaned up your apartment yesterday.” Jess remarked. “We thought you would be tired once you’re back.”
“Awh, don’t be like that, Cas,” Dean walks past him, nudging his shoulder on the way out. “Drag me through the mud, go on.”
Castiel wants to reply, though he doesn’t know what exactly he is going to say, but his words fall short as the bathroom door opens. Dean has a towel slung around his waist, miles of beautiful skin littered with freckles glowing under the pale yellow light of the motel room. Cas swallows, battling between wanting to look away but being unable to tear his eyes off Dean. Heat pools in his gut and climbs up his neck at the sight of stray droplets of water clinging to Dean’s skin and trickling down his broad back, the muscles on them shifting as he rummages through his duffel.
"I know," Sam smiled, no protests. As soon as the door closed behind him, Nadia let out a heavy sigh.
to tell someone, it’d have been Cas. Then again, they were apart for way too long and Cas could’ve figured he was gay somewhere in the last three years.
Humans too, fall in their own way, making wrong choices over and over again, failing to learn from their mistakes. One such wrong path was being unfolded in front of Sam Winchester, the human Castiel was ordered to observe. The man was walking down a dangerous path, working with a demon to plot the destruction of another. Castiel should stop him, but he does not step ahead of his orders. So he waits, as the man slowly spirals down the precipice of wrong.
Cas glares harder, the look sending extremely mixed signals to Dean's anatomy. He steps forward into Dean's space, involuntarily making him back away towards the wall. A hand lands on his chest, holding him down, but Dean's sure his legs won't move even if he tried; not when Cas is looking at him like
"Your loss then," Dean sighed dramatically, eyes lit up with amusement. He reached up and booped Castiel's nose, laughing when Castiel slapped his hand away. The sound of Dean's laugh was like music to his ears, filling him with the kind of warmth that he hadn't felt since he lost his grace. "Get changing now."
They pulled up to the parking lot, blending in with the rest of the staff rushing into the building. Dean grabbed a badge and stuffed it into Cas's jacket pocket.
Dean smirked, "Buckle up, Cas. This list is going to be long." He holds up one finger on his free hand, "Terrible drivers, dog-earing books, cracking knuckles," Four fingers were up by then. "Oh, and slow walkers. God I hate those."
"Then nothing else matters," he replies, arms circling Castiel's waist to pull him into another kiss.
"Dude, supervision is important," Dean shot back. "'Sides, you know I can't keep my hands to myself when it comes to fixing up."
They head over to their tent, which is more of a cozy hipster themed campsite tent with white sheets hanging around mats and beanbags and a bed at the center with a metric fucktonne of pillows. Candles lit the room up with a pale yellow glow, shadows dancing around in slow waves on the sheets.
He shakes his head, a fresh set of tears making a wet spot on the pillow. His throat feels like barbed wire when he speaks,
Dean scoffed, "I can't do this now," he said, feeling exhaustion running deep down to his bones. "We'll figure something out in the morning."
Zachariah sighs, “It’s not like we’re the ones opening the door, Castiel.” He says, “If Lilith pulls that off with the help of your Winchesters, we just turn our heads the other way. Once Lucifer is out, the archangels can finish him once and for all. It will be a new beginning.”
Cas stares at the potato Dean hands him like it ran over his grandma, and then proceeds to stare at the peeler with even more distaste. Dean bites back a laugh and slides closer to Cas, placings his hands over Castiel's.
They cross the threshold to the personal heavens and Dean wobbles on his feet, Castiel steadying him immediately.
The sound of Claudia and Henry laughing were drowned out by the sound of Cas’s breath hitching and his face turning a beautiful shade of scarlet. “You’re hilarious,” Cas said dryly, leaning closer. Dean bit down his instinct to move away and ended up patting himself on the back for his decision when he was rewarded with the kiss on the cheek. It was Dean’s turn to go red in the face, his veins lighting itself on fire at the touch.
“It’s going to be fine, Dean.” Jess emerged from the kitchen, sliding a slice of pie in front of him. “Something tells me, Castiel is here to stay.”
"Yeah, not happening," Nadia cut him off. "We've got a serial killer on the loose and this case is my responsibility. So talk."
The first of his four alarms blare into the empty silence of the motel room and Castiel groans into his pillow, reaching out blindly and slapping his hand on the bedside table until the sound dies down. Maybe it is his paranoid nature or simply his cautiousness, but Cas always keeps multiple alarms within five minute intervals. It’s not like he has an agenda printed out and waiting to be followed, but once he is on his feet, Cas has not much choice other than to push through the rest of his day.
“Whatever it is that you’re thinking to put yourself down, that isn’t you,” Cas dragged him out of his thoughts. “You’re just someone who had to grow up too fast and carry the weight of the world on your shoulder when all you wanted was someone to show you deserved to be loved.”
"Congrats, you're officially the most disgusting couple I've ever met," said Nadia from the tanning bed next to theirs, where she was partaking in an intense thumb wrestling match with Sam.
The night sky is cloudy, barely any stars visible, good thing since he hadn’t washed Baby that morning. Dean cuts off from I-290 into the beautiful suburban nightmare of Clarendon Hills, a fancy range of homes, with the cheesiest damn picket fences he's ever seen.
"You fucking asshole." Someone above him says. His jaw throbs a little. Scratch that. It throbs a lot.
Three years. Today marks three years since Cas had walked out of the bunker, though he prefers to think of this day as the one where he started a new life. His sacred second chance.
“Like you said, you have been through the pain of losing your dear ones,” he said. “It’s okay, Dean. You’re allowed to be afraid, but you need to let people help you.”
“As cultures grew and flourished, people simply stopped worshiping them,” Cas replied. “My father created demigods such that they would remain relevant only as long as humanity worships them.”
“As much as I’d like the ego boost, your buddy looks like he’s got news,” Dean says, gesturing over Castiel’s shoulder. He turns around to see Camael standing a few feet away, looking everywhere but at him and Dean.
"Thanks, Dean. If it weren't for you, I'd be shitting myself by now." Sam huffed a laugh. "How nice is that we both manage to be in love around the same time."
Rain poured down heavily from the clouds, dotting the earth with softness and filling the air with that beautiful scent of mud and longing. He watched from where he was sitting on the floor, not anything in particular, just the surrounding world, or at least as far as his human sight let him. A sandpiper was trying to build a nest, which was a hard task during such a downpour, but it remained determined. The bird reminded him of Dean.
"Hey, relax you big baby. I just want you to watch and learn," Dean chucked his chin lightly. "You know what they say, you gotta sneak up before you speak up."
Dean wakes up with a startle, sweat pooling in the column of his neck. The clock on the nightstand says fifteen minutes to three. He climbs out of his bed, shaking the remnants of his nightmare. Dean wonders what triggered this one. Angels are supposed to drive away the crazy, not tag along new ones.
“Good.” Dean ducked his head, grinning like a madman. If it wasn’t good, Dean would have had to make major changes in his plans at the end of the day.
“Cas, we’ve been through this,” Dean keeps his voice low. From where Cas is standing, he gets the concern but that doesn’t mean Dean is going to play the stay at home wife. “We’re in this together, living or dying.”
He can't—doesn't want to—believe that Cas is back. Having Cas so close and still so far away makes him want to sob, but he knows he won't make it through losing the angel one more time.
Three men over six feet trying to sneak into a house surrounded by many other houses in a suburb was always hard, especially in broad daylight.
Castiel cups his cheek and presses a kiss to his lips instead of answering. The smile that spread across Dean's face is more beautiful than the entirety of heaven itself.
You were trying to fix me while breaking yourself, Cas. It fucked me up. While I wallowed in my own bullshit, I forgot how hard this was for you. I know this is selfish but," he takes Cas' hand in his, just to make sure this isn't some fucked up fever dream, "I can't do this without you."
“Yes, Dean is my boyfriend.” Cas nods vigorously. He’s never seen the angel look like a kid in a candy store and if he’d known, Dean would have posted flyers all across America, announcing their relationship, just to see that smile.
He pulled up into an empty field, a little off the main road, the slow wind hitting him in the face as he stepped out. Cas got out and walked over to Dean, his eyes trained on the sky.
"How about we tell them we are dating and take a month long emergency leave?" Dean paced back and forth Cas' office.
"Sounds really nice." Castiel said. "My mother passed away when I was really young. A few nannies raised me, along with Gabriel's bad influence. I always wanted to know what life was, away from all of this."
Dean felt something stir deep in his chest, the words like a bucket of ice over his head. Deep inside, Dean knew Cas was too good for him. But, that didn't stop it from hurting.
"There's gotta be something on the internet," Sam plugged his phone to the laptop, transferring the pictures to his desktop. He ran a couple of scans with some databases but nothing came up. "Huh, that's weird…"
Sam scowls at him all the way until Dean meets his eyes, trying to let his brother know that he's not mad at him, just tired. They've been doing the telepathic conversation thing for long enough that Sam's face softens. He mumbles a goodnight and lets Dean hide in the safety of the guest room.
Sam walked over to the socket to plug their phones in. Castiel followed him, not sure how to deal with Dean right now.
"What you're describing is a normal home, Dean," Cas commented, a smile in his voice. "One day when you quit hunting you could have that too."
"I'm tryna fix this, Cas. Just let me." Dean knows how pathetic he sounds but he can't find it in himself to care. "I let you down more than once, I don't wanna do it again. Just let me make this right."
"And in whose head did this little idea spring up?" Zachariah says, "I'm assuming it's the Winchesters."
"True. And it does sound weird," Sam scanned through the article. "No cause of death as in absolutely nothing. They were both healthy and had no traces of drugs or poisons, and no damage to any part of the body."
He's a little surprised when Bobby takes up the offer, guess the day is full of surprises. He stands through all the ambush and lets himself get pulled into a hug.
Castiel sighed, walking over to where Dean was standing, and gently gripped his arm, "Dean, if you're uncomfortable—"
So, fun story. I started writing this fic and got so engrossed in the plot that by the time I had about ten chapters plotted out, I literally forgot this was a destiel fic. I went through my draft and was like "...wait a minute, where's the romance?" Why am I like this?
"Could've just wiped me out of your life once and for all." He continues, because he wants to get punched. Anything,
Two women, somewhere in their late twenties are leaning against the back door, matching outfits, cape, the whole nine.
"God?" Dean asks, dumbly. Can't blame a guy for being a little out of it in a situation like the one he's in.
“Don’t sweat, Sammy. I know you just need him here to babysit me.” Dean says, annoyed. "And If it makes you feel better, Castiel may not come back."
If there were any lamp posts around, Dean would have run them into it. He stares at Cas, mouth hanging open.
"Get over here." Sam pointed to a twisted silver ring with a diamond embedded in it, another two smaller stones flanking it. Elegant, but not too fancy. "That's the one."
The sound of the door swinging open catches their attention, and the man at the reception peeks from behind, “Doctor, can I borrow you for a minute.”
"That's a promise I can't make," Cas murmured. "Beyond everything, I consider you my best friend, Dean. I don't want to lose you either. So I'll try to be better at
“Okay,” Cas says, and then ducks out from underneath him. Dean’s heart is ready to give out right then and there.
"We'll leave now," Dean was up and about in an instant. "You better not ask the waitress to blend your burger into a smoothie because it's
“Sam, can you see the carvings towards the ceiling?” he gestured his head towards the walls. “That is a cloaking spell. From the outside, this room might be part of any regular house.”
The room falls silent at that, any previous murmurs dying down. Next to him, Dean sucks in a sharp breath and Castiel turns to him, only to have the hunter watch him with an unreadable expression.
He opens his mouth to speak when the words simply die right there in his throat as he spots the familiar figure standing next to the angel, dressed in a dark henley that Dean easily recognized as his and a pair of washed out jeans.
"No!" Dean exclaimed, eyes wide as his legs came to a halt. He blinked at them for half a second before plastering on a grin. "You go spend time with your girl. Don't ever tell me I didn't do anything for you."
“Compared to Raphael’s potential, any other side might look like the losing side.” Castiel says. “But our strength is in our unity, brother. We don’t need a superior to order us around. Free will is much of a boon to us as it is to humans.”
Usually, the thought of how insanely attached he feels to Cas would've freaked him out on any day that ends with a Y, but it somehow doesn't. It's only a matter of time before it comes back to bite Dean in the ass but he's helpless here. Cas holds all the reins by simply existing.
Despite the morbid scene around him, Castiel smiles at Dean's prayer. He would do anything to give Dean his brother back.
Dean searches his face for any signs of discomfort beyond waking up in an unknown place. Chances are of him having a concussion or being loaded on some edible, which seem to be the only possible explanations.
warm—body behind him, planting his feet and willing his stomach to give up its gymnastics for the day. Cas holds him up, easy and nice, his hands around Dean’s middle and the hard line of his body pressed up behind Dean. It’s enough to make his heart flip in his chest and drop all the way down and out of his ass. Cas’s hand losens, and Dean lowers his teeth down on his bottom lip, choking down the whimper threatening to spill from his mouth.
Maybe angels don’t breathe but Cas seems to come back to reality, at least a bit. Dean stands between him and the body, cradling Cas’ face in his hands.
“What are you? My mom?” he snapped, because it was easier that way than to succumb to the way Cas’s voice shook. “Seriously, this isn’t my first rodeo. A run to the bar won’t get me killed or whatever.”
For once Cas didn't argue and Dean thanked every God who wasn’t listening. They turned another few corners and came to a stop at the sight of two familiar silhouettes. Sam was slouched against the side of a building with Nadia crouched down next to him, her hands pressed to his bicep.
She smiled sympathetically, "Well, it was worth a shot." She topped him before sliding off to another customer.
?" Jo quirks a brow as they head to the counter, and Dean's not sure if he's even got everything on Eileen's list.
Dean ignores the pang in his chest and the sting in his eyes as he doubles his efforts, pulling all the right stops to push Cas off the edge. Barely minutes later, Cas' hips stutter as he comes down Dean's throat, hand gripping Dean's hair tight and holding him in place. The taste is bitter but not unpleasant and Dean swallows down dutifully, sucking Cas through the aftershocks. He pulls off, grin wide. He wipes his mouth on the back of his hand and helps Cas get dressed, finding new excuses to avoid meeting his gaze.
"Hell no. You put a ring on it before she realizes she can do better." Dean grinned. "Seriously, man, I'm so happy for you both."
"Sammy's got a point." Dean grins at the douchebag, "You're desperate for our help, or you wouldn't even be here. So play nice, and you might get something out of us."
"If we're still going with the witch theory then, maybe," Dean shrugged. "Just gotta figure out if it was Louisa alone or a joint effort."
in flashing neon letters. He loved his brother and had come to care about Cas almost as much in the past few years, but nothing on God's green earth was good enough for Sam to not rip his hair out from the frustration of watching his brother and his friend dancing around each other, suffering in silence.
“Put up or shut up,” Victor grins back. Dean didn’t know if he was serious or just comfortable enough with his masculinity to play gay chicken.
The fading light of the sun turned the sky into a canvas etched with gorgeous shades of crimson and saffron, in turn leaving everything on earth looking more beautiful than usual.
"Quite the opposite," Cas states. "It is highly frowned upon for angels to act under their own will, so of course I kept quiet. I always envied humanity and their willingness to strive against whatever boundaries they were forced to conform within."
Dean spends his day helping Bobby out with research and spending half of the time on the couch, filling his head with all the Back to the Future movies.
Sam pulls back, eyes a little glassy. "I got you a shit ton of junk food." He says. "Once you're done clogging your arteries, I'm gonna kick your ass."
In a swift second they are kissing, and it's all kinds of perfect. Cas kisses him like a dying man and Dean gives back as good as he gets, every fiber in his body lighting up at the feeling of Cas's lips against his. The whole world fades into the background as his senses fill with
"I thought so too. I asked the mole why it was burrowing right then and didn't wait until the rain stopped."
“I can’t believe this.” Dean scoffed, turning to Cas. To his surprise, Cas was smiling brighter than usual, a twinkle in his eyes.
Dean pretends he doesn’t hear the screams as he digs the end of the blade into her shoulder, dislocating her arm from the rest of her body. He wants to stop, he can’t. He likes it.
"Dean?" Jo nudges hard against his ribs. She must have been trying to get his attention for some time. "Eileen's put you on meat duty," she says, and thrusts a list into his hand.
He climbs up the stairs heading for the bedroom where Clayton Decker’s body was found. There was not much to begin with since all he knew was that Clayton had a hole in his chest, the flesh marred and parted as if someone had plunged his hand through him. Castiel trails his eyes across the moss brown carpet looking for any remaining traces of ectoplasm, finding none. He always wonders what the cops must have done with the little vials of ectoplasm they collect in the name of evidence as if there were enough laboratory tests to explain what was beyond normal.
Dean's knees were shaking by the time he ended his presentation. The next few seconds were the worst thing he had ever experienced, before the crowd broke into applause, Naomi getting up from her seat to shake his hand.
“I’m afraid I might not have an answer.” He knows that for sure, since nothing in his immortal life is making any sense right now.
Moments later he felt a hand wrapping around his back, holding him in place, and he borrowed closer, pressing his nose to the crook of Cas’s neck and inhaling the lightning-like sharp and earthy scent. He absently registered the way his stomach was twisting itself into seven different knots, writing it off to missing dinner.
Air stood still in his chest as Castiel stared at Dean, not sure if he was hearing things. The way Dean's expression mirrored his own gave it away.
“Don’t you dare hurt him,” Jo stage-whispered the long awaited threat into his ear as they danced. “I don’t mind going to prison for him.”
Sam rolled his eyes, waving him off, so Dean headed out of the dressing room. The bar was open but they weren't serving until a few hours so Dean had to flirt his way into snagging a drink.
“Anything. I’ve bookmarked a few documents about the house’s history. Look through that and see if I missed something.”
"Are these two pathetic humans the ones that matter, Castiel?" she questioned. "How many times are you going to rip yourself apart to help them? How many pieces of you are you going to let them shatter in the name of saving this hopeless world?"
was different about them. Dean’s frame was more relaxed and he didn’t bother to look away when Cas caught him staring and Cas, he was smiling more openly than usual.
Dean is all like 'hmm I figured out I'm in love with Cas after almost a decade. Wow I'm a genius'. Who's gonna tell him Cas is in love with him too?
“Good,” Dean tried for a laugh but it felt flat. “Cause if you do, I’m gonna drag you back kicking and screaming.”
"Fucking witches," Dean muttered under his breathe, which wasn't that inconspicuous as he heard Cas let out a small laugh from the backseat. They dropped Sam off at the sheriff's office and drove to the morgue, hoping to find something that led somewhere.
"Jesus, you're like a kid," Dean threw his head back and laughed, and Castiel's eyes followed the line of his throat.
"I can't heal you," Cas says, his voice so small Dean feels his heart shatter. "If I had my grace I could heal you...You're hurt but I can't help—"
“Ah, I believe children who grow up relatively alone make up imaginary friends to cope with their loneliness,” Cas hums. “It makes sense that Sam had one.”
The sound of the door creaking open made them jump apart like they were burnt, Dean a little less elegantly.
He grabbed Dean's ass in his palms, urging him to start moving. Dean pulled out halfway before thrusting back in, and Castiel hung on to Dean for dear life. The thrusts grew harder with each passing minute, Dean pulling out a little more before thrusting back in, slamming against his prostate with each drag of his cock.
“Yes, I am,” Cas replied without missing a beat, the words so full of sincerity it made Dean’s heart ache. He leaned forward to catch Cas’s mouth in a kiss just because he could, feeling the warmth coursing through him at the contact.
Oh, sorry for slipping in a version of the confession scene line in there, it wasn't on purpose. I only realized it while editing. Thinking about it, I feel like I should've added a slow burn tag, but honestly I didn't realize these boys would take so long to get their shit together. It will all come together soon, I promise.
“You can finish up here if you would like,” she tells Cas, giving him a tight smile before walking out of the door.
“Didn’t know you lived here,” Dean commented, an unfamiliar distaste in his tone. “Then again it feels like the whole damn town lives in this neighborhood.”
"The case came to a dead end within a week, Dean," he says through gritted teeth. "It's a known fact that Roman pays off the cops and he wants nothing more than to sweep up the properties once the residents are either evicted or leave on their own. This woman wouldn't leave and now she's…it just makes sense, you know."
—thought, something Dean is going to conveniently shove to the back of his mind and not revisit in a long long time. But, he can’t run forever, not when Cas’s lightning blue eyes are staring down at him with so much adoration, like this fuck up who drank until his blood was swimming in alcohol is deserving of the way Cas’s palms are holding his face. Dean’s too selfish to go looking the gift horse in the mouth, so he skims his shaking hands up Cas’s chest and closes his eyes and sinks down under the comforting weight of Cas’s body.
"Dean," Cas panted, chest heaving with arousal and love in equal parts. "I need you…" He meant it in all sense of the phrase, but Dean didn't have to know that.
"A tiny bit of morning sickness, that's all," Sam says, but Dean doesn't miss the worry hidden in his tone. "It's alright otherwise."
"Sorry to break it to you, but I don't think so," she laughs, shaking her head. "They would've been proud if we were out there working some white collar jobs and filling our bank accounts. It doesn't matter if they would have been proud or not as long as they were around."
And so Castiel spent the drive back to the motel where Sam and Dean resided, listening to the plot of a strange movie about ogres. The content did not matter as much as the bright smile that painted Dean's face and the light that danced in his eyes. His soul was humming contentedly, even with all his physical injuries. It never stopped astonishing Castiel how ethereal Dean's soul was; it had marveled him when his gaze fell on it for the first time, all bright and pure, where Castiel was expecting it to be tainted by the misery of hell.
“Should’ve slept a little longer, Sammy. It’s only nine,” Dean mocked, even as he slid a glass of orange juice on the table.
Dean pulls up in front of a little barn off the main road, a couple miles away from the last bit of civilization. Castiel said that the big guys upstairs got a tip that the sacrifice was happening somewhere in the area. The whole thing is fishy — it's probably just a run in the mill job for angels to kill two witches, still they seem to need help from hunters. Castiel doesn’t find anything dodgy about that, and even if he does, he’s hiding it very well.
poking out from beneath the denim, and shrugs. Cas shakes his head fondly, locking up the house and following them out to the driveway.
"It's alright," Dean pulls back to look at Cas, breath dying in his throat at the look of understanding and adoration on his face. He clears his throat and looks away, fingers still intertwined with Castiel's. "It was just three months before my high school graduation, the son of a bitch took off without a word, leaving me and Sam with nothing but each other."
Dean rubbed a hand over his face, the realization hitting him hard. Cas was human now. He probably felt fragile, and inadvertently felt Dean was just as fragile, which wasn’t too far off. Okay great, now he felt like a bigger asshole.
"It's your company, Cas. Just smile and wave, and maybe yell at a few people and you'll fit right in."
Ivan doesn't say anything, but Castiel knows how much the boy values a stable home, even if that is not what Jaime wants.
Castiel bit his lower lip to hide a smile, glancing at Dean, who was looking as red as Castiel probably himself did.
Castiel stood there, staring at Dean, his heart fluttering in his chest. He was generally very awkward with social interactions but this was Dean's family. The same people Dean talked about like it's his pride and joy. Even though they were not a couple as such, Castiel felt the same kind of nervousness.
"Nah." Dean said. "This is even more sad. Laugh at me and you will have to bake your own pie next thanksgiving."
Jess shook her head in resignation. “Since that’s settled, it’s time to bring out the pie.” She padded into the kitchen. Sam grinned at her, cartoon heart eyes and everything.
Dean nodded absently, mumbling quietly under his breath and shaking his head along to some music only he could hear.
so...I know it has been a really long while since I updated. If you are in loop with everything, I'm pretty sure you know how life has been a roller coaster since November 5th. Anyways, this is the second last chapter, I will be uploading the final chapter in a day or two because I don't want to stretch this along anymore. I had a bit more planned out but I cant find any motivation to proceed writing now. I hope you enjoy!
"This is why I envy motorcycle riders," Cas said, "They can see the stars even when they're driving."
"Okay." Dean nodded, turning back to the group. The conversation flowed pretty smoothly after that, Cas effortlessly fitting into the group while Dean tried his best not to gawk at the guy. Cas hands were splayed on his knee under the table, his fingers tapping absentmindedly. Dean had a hard time keeping all the sinful thoughts at bay.
Sam stares at him with an expression of blatant disbelief before he lets out an albeit hysterical laugh, "Do all of us a favor and go after him before he overthinks and freaks himself out. Please."
After couples minutes of scouring, Cas pulled out a DVD, looking rather triumphant. Dean peered at the cover and let out a laugh, “Rebel Without a Cause. Reminds me of you.”
Castiel does not understand how Dean can be so full of love for everyone else around him but can never be selfish enough to spare some for himself. He leans forward and captures Dean’s lips in a soft kiss, keeping away all the love he can muster up solely for his lover.
The crime scene is swarmed by local police officers as well as the neighbors gathering around the house, pajama bottoms peeking out of the folds of their robes. They all look as distressed as someone who got woken up on a Sunday morning by a murder happening next door would look. Cas pulls up next to the opposite sidewalk, catching the attention of a few neighbors he and Dean had visited earlier, while pretending to be a couple.
“I tried to get her on line but you know how that goes,” Sam said. “She’ll find us when she wants to.”
Sam’s argument seems valid. Stopping Lilith is the most efficient way of stopping the apocalypse, considering how any seal could be broken any moment.
Before Castiel can protest—not that he knows why he would do such a thing—Sam slips into the hallway, leaving Castiel alone in the war room. He wonders what Sam meant about Dean's condition. For a terrible moment, he thinks Dean might have been sick or hurt, but Jack would have let him know if that were the case. Dean would have been upset, he knows that much, but the hunter is resilient and would have pushed through because he had to. It's something about Dean—among the innumerable other qualities—that Castiel admires as well as despises; knowing Dean would find a way to keep himself afloat no matter what while shutting away his emotions in the process.
. Dean wants to say. Actually, there is a lot more Dean wants to say, but all he can do is just nod, the words getting logged in his throat. Maybe, it’s not too late for Dean to feel the kind of touch that feels like protection,
“Actually, we’re gonna talk about this,” Dean shuts his laptop, and then reaches out to shut Cas’s too. “Tell me, had any boyfriends on your sabbatical?”
Dean and Cas got separated somewhere along the line, and they ended up in different cars on their way to the reception. He pulled out his phone to text him, only to see a message from Cas three minutes ago.
“I don’t know how to.” Nehemiah cuts him off. “He doesn’t even know Castiel let me back in. It’s not like I can just barge into his heaven and destroy the afterlife peace he deserves.”
“He's the love of my life, Jo," Dean sighed, not caring he probably looked like a lovestruck princess. He swallowed down the tightness in his throat, suddenly feeling overwhelmed with everything he was feeling for Cas.
"Yeah, well," Nadia shrugged. "I was the second person on the scene, after Jason's wife Emily...she hasn't uttered a word since then."
Dean grins at Cas, like the little shit he is and Cas just sighs. “I will try my best.” To make Cas’ job easy, Dean grabs the mustard and pours it on top of Ruby’s plate of fries.
"The heater is tankless so there's plenty of hot water," Dean says, cutting off that train of thought right there. "I'll grab you something to change into."
"Back in Lawrence, we used to barbecue a lot. My old man taught me how to man the grill and I kind of got into cooking." Dean said, and Castiel chose to ignore the slight tint of sadness in his tone."My mom then taught me some basic stuff, baking and shit."
"You were always shitty when it came to self-preservation," Dean huffed a laugh, ideally pulling at a piece of lint stuck to his shirt. "Just...don't make me lose you."
The shopkeeper announced the cost and Dean bit his tongue before he could throw in a joke about how Cas would have to propose to him first. There it was, his stupid brain imagining a future with Cas. Not that he didn't want it, but the prospect felt exhilarating and scary all at once.
Cas is sitting on the couch, the movie still playing faintly. The laptop is far away on the coffee table and Castiel's knuckles are white with his grip on the arm of the couch.
"I know, Cas," Dean tilted his head into Cas's hand. "There's truth in there, sure, but I know I can't let all that get to me. All I wanna do is move on from all that 'cause I'm done with playing hot potato with who's to blame for what."
“Anything solid to prove she’s who we’re looking for,” Dean replied, pushing open the front door. “Sam, you take left, Cas right. I’ll take the stairs.”
“I don’t know,” he shakes his head, the name spelling out pain in his chest. “I’m in a weird limbo, waiting for something that I know is not gonna happen.”
“Look, it’s not like I put a gun to the guy’s head and told him to love me.” Dean snaps, not sure where the anger is coming from. “For some reason, Cas seems to want to be with me. I can believe it no more than you can."
They climbed out of the bed to get their clothes off, and as soon as they were naked, Castiel was on Dean, moaning into the kiss as their erections rubbed together, spreading electric heat down to his spine. Dean flipped them around, Castiel on his back and Dean eyeing him hungrily from between his parted legs.
“Yeah well, you’re yapping all the time so I’ve learned to tune it out,” he quips back, downing his drink in one go before his stomach can throw it back out. “Cas doesn’t have a crush on you.”
“You’re retirement home material, old man,” Dean grins, his eyes twinkling. “Just ’cause you’re pretty doesn’t mean you’re not a dinosaur.”
"Last week this time you were half demon, and you," Sam points a finger at Cas, "you were half angel."
“Just hunting.” Sam says, not taking his eyes off the book, “Check this out, reapers are granted entrance to hell under special circumstances. They can reap souls and carry their essence to hell without hindrance.”
"I don't need anything from you, brother," Castiel shakes his head. "We painted humanity as the weak link in creation, meanwhile look at us. And I too hold responsibility for what heaven has become. We fight our inner conscience and with each other, only to end in destruction. Look around us, brother. All these lives would have been preserved if we were not trying to prove ourselves superior to everything. Do you think this is what our father would have intended?"
"Eileen's doing pretty good for a first time mom and Ella's well. Tomorrow morning's what the doctor said."
"That's not true, Dean. You think very greatly of them," Cas says, tone serious though etched with fondness, and turns back to the screen. "Hello, Sam and Eileen, it's good to see you."
“The part of you that sticks out like a sore thumb is what makes you different, man. And we’ve all got our sore thumbs,” he leans forward, trying not to lose his train of thought in Cas’s bright blue eyes. “In our line of work, being rigidly fixed in one box is what brings trouble. You were always a bit soft around the edges, Cas. It’s a good thing because you never let anyone mold you, but you did what you liked. And you did it because you wanted to. It’s all a part of your little rebel streak. That’s what I like about you.”
Dean laughed so hard, he had to lean against Baby as he wiped the tears away from his eyes, "Shit, Cas, you should try stand up comedy."
He wonders how Dean must be doing right now. Does he still drink his mind numb? Does he throw himself in the path of danger to protect the people he loves? Does he still grin wide with a childish glint in his eyes as he makes pop culture references that Castiel never truly understood? He likes to believe so; to think the Dean he has carefully preserved in his memory is still untainted, but in reality, he simply doesn’t know. Three years could change a lot, and Castiel is the living and breathing proof of it.
“What you’re asking of me is immense, Dean.” Castiel says, “One thing I can promise you, if it comes to the worst of scenarios, I will do the right thing, no matter whose side I am on.”
"I'll leave you both here," Dean snapped, pulling out of the driveway. "Can we just talk about something useful?"
That was probably why Dean took a minute, or maybe more, to answer when Cas asked, “Did you want it?”
"And that is exactly what makes this easier for me," Cas shot back. "Just accept the compliment for once, Dean."
“All these weapons have a curse etched to them in this manner,” Cas says. “They were forged by Lucifer after all.”
“I’m not complaining about giving up my grace. How many times do I have to tell you this?” Cas barked, angrier than Sam had ever seen the guy. “I’m complaining about your apparent-”
Cas rolled his eyes and turned to talk to Sam, Jess and Charlie, while Dean just stood back and let them have at it. Sure enough, the three of them were looming over Cas, firing questions at him about lord knows what.
He watched as Cas reached out with his free hand, only to stop an inch away from Dean’s skin. His hand retracted faster than it came. "Are you feeling alright?"
"You don't need to." Cas mutters. "And, if you're disappointed in me not having my powers anymore, I will understand if you want me to leave."
His heart clenches in his chest and he grips the handle of the cart tightly, willing himself not to cry in a damn Target. Yeah, so Dean's still hoping Cas would come back. Hell, if the guy remembered Dean, that'd be a miracle in itself. Dean feels the absence of the man he loves like a physical thing, rattling inside his ribcage as if the memories of Cas are trapped in him.
Dean thinks back to Lisa…and yeah, he gets it. Hunting is the one job where you’re better off shitting where you eat.
"Indeed, I have decided to bless you with my presence, Castiel." Gabriel emerged from the kitchen, hand dipped in the cookie jar. "You got any vodka?"
Castiel feels the desperate need to feel Dean against him, to kiss him over and over again until he knows this is real. His head falls back. "Dean, please…" He begs, not knowing what he's asking for. Dean, ever as understanding, leans forward, hands leaving fleeting touches on his bare chest, while his lips work down Castiel's throat.
Dean blinks at the man, fumbling for an answer. His storm grey eyes stare at Dean with concern. The man is gorgeous in a Greek God sort of way, tight chest and dusty blonde hair.
Dean laughed. “It’s more of a rom-com now.” He stuffed another pair of jeans into his suitcase, a little too forcefully. “Cas is Castiel Novak. My new boss.”
"It's why I hated History in high school," Dean continued along the tangent of his rambling, griping Castiel’s arm tightly as he lowered him to sit up against the propped up pillows. "They'd ask us to remember all this crap and throw it all up on the answer sheet. Math made so much more sense 'cause you just gotta
Two sets of approaching footsteps catch Castiel's attention and even without seeing or hearing him, Castiel can feel Dean's soul; the flicker glow of it brightening as he gets closer.
“Sam might be right.” Castiel takes the liberty to intervene ones more. With every passing moment, Castiel is forced to face the fact that heaven might be in the wrong here.
Dean watches Cas. He watches the way his t-shirt shifts and stretches over his strong shoulders at every move, and the gentle curve of his back down to his waist around which his jacket is tied. He watches the stupidly drunk but very convincing grin on Cas’s face as he leans his weight over the pool table and sinks his shot without taking his eyes off his opponent. Something sour curls in Dean’s stomach, a sharp longing that yanks him towards Cas, wanting his eyes on no one but Dean.
He spends the rest of his night with a bottle of whiskey, staring at the clock on the nightstand as the green digits flick over to seven in the morning.
"What are you guys planning to do?" she asked, and Sam pulled his lower lip between his teeth. He heard Nadia let out a tired sigh. "Sam, put the phone on speaker."
"I need to find my siblings," Cas says in a rushed whisper, his hands stilling on the spatula he's drying up. "There is a war raging and I cannot stay here being useless."
"I wanted to make a suggestion." Castiel says, and continues before he can get shot down, "Isn't finding Lilith and expending her much more efficient than tracking down which seal she is planning to break?"
"Doesn't matter, man. I'm glad you're here," says Sam, and Castiel finds himself being enveloped in a hug. He pulls away, eyes glinting with excitement, "Wait here, alright? I'll go find Dean."
"Since you became a demon and left your brother and me without a word." Cas deadpans. "I'm sure I don't have to remind you."
The picture—it’s so bizarre. Dean clings on to those memories like a raft in a flood, though he knows if he goes poking hard enough, it will all feel flat. Two dimensional. Like the memory of a child that grew up to live inside a different man. He hasn’t felt that touch, that
Sam leaned back in his chair, smiling as Dean went on his rant. He looked over at Cas, and to no one's surprise, saw the loving look he was directing Dean's way. It physically hurt him to watch the two of them having everything they wanted just a reach away, but holding back because the both of them thought they didn't deserve the other.
"Cas, you gave up your cosmic juice for good. You don't have to act like you're all gung-ho about it."
He rubs his eyes tiredly looking down the long hallway, to see the end of a pearly white wing disappear round the corner. It's been a long day, so he simply chalks it up to his exhaustion.
“Commander?” Camael calls from the threshold of the tent. “Do we have permission to take the vessels away?”
Dean recovers enough to lift his head off the bowl and glare at Cas. “This ain’t a slumber party,” he mutters. “You can get outta here. I can handle myself.”
"Sorry, but I'm not looking for that, sweetheart," he said, probably for the first time in his life. As soon as the last word left his mouth, he grimaced, a strong sense of wrong settling in his gut. That word suddenly stopped belonging to just
"Knocked it out of the park, Professor Mcgonagall," Dean grunted. "Love what you've done with the place, by the way."
He goes through his morning routine methodically and casts a final longing look over to the bed before sighing and grabbing his laptop. Cas always thought sleep would turn out to be the most difficult part of humanity, but as time went on, he ended up enjoying sleep quite a bit. The brain is simply offering you a substantial amount of time where it promises to stop tantalizing you with its thoughts, and Castiel wonders why humans still chose very few hours to spend on sleeping. Of course, there are the nightmares that often run the show, but there are some nights when the demons too are merciful.
"It can't be that far." Camael murmurs. "We need to be alert, in case any demons are standing guard."
"I was thinking about my existence so far," Cas says. "I have always felt different in comparison to the rest of my kin."
He reaches out, brushing his touch against the brightly burning soul. The world dissolves around him.
"Cas, he was a mess," Sam says, exasperation evident in his voice. "He was living on autopilot, and I couldn't count on both hands the days I found him passed out drunk off his ass."
"You gotta stop putting yourself down like that," Sam quips. "Ever bothered to stop and ask Cas what
“Listen, buddy,” Dean’s tone is sympathetic when he speaks, “I know you have strings pulling you from all four sides but you can’t swing
“It’s—it’s who I’m, Cas. There’s nothing more to it,” Dean says. There’s a lie in there somewhere. There’s some truth too. “I fuck up, and then some more. I fix it with the first bottle I find. That’s—”
"You out of all people know that's not how it works," Cas says, quiet and gentle, like Dean's a spooked horse. "There will always be a
“Cindy.” She holds the door open, “I don’t know what else you’ve left to drill me over. I told everything I know to the cops.”
"You're good. He's busy kicking ass elsewhere," Dean chuckles, and adds to tone down the awkwardness, "Though, I'd have kicked your ass for that weak pick up line."
“I helped with the magic tranquilizer recipe but only Ivan gets the gifts,” she rounds the creature’s unconscious figure and kneels down behind it, blowing a strand of brown hair away from her face.
Cas lets out a long suffering sigh, and before Dean could bitch at him, he’s rounding the table, coming to stand beside Dean. The moment Cas leans closer, Dean’s breath hitches in his chest. Their faces are barely three inches apart, and all it would take for Dean is a small tilt of his head to press his lips to the sharp bolt of Cas’s jaw. The intense need to do just that makes Dean’s head reel, because
As much as he likes to play dumb, Dean is not a completely oblivious idiot. He has noticed that Cas is easy on the eyes, and he isn’t the first guy Dean has looked at that way. For an embarrassingly long while, Dean had thought it was just something every other guy felt. But as time went on, Dean’s mind took it upon itself to explore these feelings, to think what it might feel like to touch and be touched—to run his hands over the hard plain of muscles instead of the soft curves and have rough and calloused hands run over his own skin. Every time it happened, Dean did what he always did. He went out to a bar and found a chick to hook up with. And every time, he walked back to the bunker in shame from not even remembering her name.
“Very well.” Ambriel doesn’t seem very happy about the developments. “I will deliver the news to Camael, he has been anticipating your return.”
“Keep speaking this loud and you might achieve that,” Castiel quipped. “Perhaps, we might get the attention of the ancient God that wants to kill us.”
“Let’s just say there’s some power fluctuations hindering my work,” Rowena replied. “Ancient power.”
With a shaking hand, Dean wrapped his fingers around Cas’s wrist, something inside him settling at the touch, “You wanna pick the movie?” he asked, his voice coming out in a low murmur.
"My goal in life is to get one of you muttonheads to talk about your feelings." Jess grumbled. "Both of you are unbearable with your stupid need to prove you have enough testosterone."
"Innocent people, huh?" she snorted. "How many innocent people got caught in the crossfire between you boys and heaven or hell?"
The only thing left is to get clothes for Cas, and Cas leaves the job to Dean, his argument being that Dean has better experience at what is 'humanly appropriate to wear'. Dean rolls his eyes, internally grinning to himself at the prospect of getting to see Cas in a leather jacket.
He watches the sun set, plunging the world into darkness, and wonders what Dean must be doing now. He simultaneously wonders how Jack is doing, with his shoulders heavy from the responsibility of running the universe. Castiel didn't want him to go through that at such a young age, and neither did he want to leave Dean. Perhaps, we always don't get what we want.
Cas grabs his wrists, “You’re missing the point, Dean,” he says. “You’re letting your guilt drive you into drinking at this rate. That’s not—”
"Shit, sorry," Dean mumbles, moving to make way for the man. His leg hits the cartwheel and he stumbles.
"You gotta stop with the martyr bullshit, alright? It's not your job to save everyone's life," he snaps, absently noticing Miracle's ears perk up from where he's playing on the floor. "Some of us need you. I had to explain to your–
It’s pathetic how Dean still holds a spark of hope. He made the mistake of expecting a future with Cas and now no matter how hard he tries, there remains traces of all the little pictures he has painted in his mind. Hell, they’d had it all planned out. Cas wanted to get a job, an apartment even
Castiel's smile doesn't waver as he pulls out of the driveway, leaving the house in his rearview mirror.
“The last resident of our ghost house was one Robin Brown and her husband Luther,” Sam says. “But, the lease was signed under the name Sophia Bishop.”
Dean found Sam in his room with his friends Brady and some other guy ㅡ whom Dean was going to call ‘dude’ for the rest of the evening to save his skin ㅡ both of them patting Sam’s face with handkerchiefs.
"I was pre-law. I qualify." Sam counters. "Another missing person's report was filed yesterday night, one Victoria West."
"You better be," Cas says, the inherent cockiness back in his tone. "I don't find it pleasant to see you injured."
He was about to be stuck in a perfect little suburban nightmare pretending to be married to the one man who could get his defenses to crumble down like a brick wall. He himself was yet to figure out why he was so goddamn scared, but simply looking at Cas was enough to make Dean’s heart stutter like a broken record. A whole evening of not just that, but being affectionate with Cas and pouring out everything Dean has been hiding in the back of his mind. The universe was a bitch.
“Sometimes I feel like the breaks never work properly,” Cas hums, trying to bite down a grin when Dean glares at him from the passenger seat. “I would actually like an oil change, though.”
"Fine, we'll clear this out." Dean eyed the boxes intently, and Castiel could see the wheels turning in his head. "This won't take a lot of time."
Dean couldn’t remember when they had gotten so close to each other—not when Cas’s lightning blue gaze was fixed to his, looking right through him to the back of his skull. The flicker of emotions that zoomed past those eyes were too much for Dean to grasp—too fast, too fucking heart-wrenching.
Castiel doesn’t have a valid explanation to give to Dean. He was heaven’s, as Dean would put it, ‘little bitch’, this whole time. His orders were to not interfere, so he kept quiet. Perhaps, interfering was a mistake. He should not be here, this is not his place.
"My apologies,” Castiel speaks after a beat of silence. “As much as I would like to, there are some things I cannot reveal to you.”
thing but that's just a load of bullshit in our case. So yeah, forever. Whatever that means for us."
"But, I'm not letting Cas follow your sinful ways now that he's gonna be eating." he said, turning to look at Cas. "If I see you anywhere near a salad, I will strangle you."
Cas looks at him, those blue eyes burning holes through Dean’s skin and staring right at his soul. “There isn’t a reality in which I wouldn’t forgive you,” he says softly.
He downed his third shot of whiskey, feeling at home from the familiar burn of the liquid flowing down his pipe. He could feel the eyes of the bartender on him, but he couldn't find the energy to even lift his head to look back at her.
Back at the barn, something strong, something akin to a yearning had emerged from Dean, capturing Castiel like a helpless fish in the fisherman's net. Castiel was not sure if Dean wanted him to stay or go, his soul saying a different story from his eyes.
A finger hooked under his chin to guide his face up. Cas’s eyes were blue as ever, something warm and reassuring dancing behind them. “I love you too, Dean.”
Eileen is pretty far along and Dean wanted to stay and be there for Sam but his brother and sister-in-law threatened to take his key back and lock him out forever if he didn't go along with the plan, so there wasn't much choice there.
Dean doesn’t have enough neurons firing at the moment to figure out what that means. He blinks at the screen one last time, noting that they’re on the third episode, before letting his eyes fall shut.
He flies around the cloudy sky for a few hours, finding himself circling over Bobby Singer's house eventually. He senses the content hum of Dean's soul, waves of warmth spreading out to Castiel. He finds himself in Dean's room, staring at the sleeping man. He does not wish to wake Dean up, so he stays there silently, just as he used to when he soothed Dean's nightmares the first few times.
"Do you still believe he was the one giving orders?" Castiel asks. "If our father wanted us to jumpstart the apocalypse, how does that make us different from Lucifer? How does that make
Irene started to say something but Dean spoke, "Guess we'll see you around then." with that Dean pulled him along.
Castiel jerks away from Dean's grip, "How can I stay here while other angels are out there? Their lives are no less important than mine."
A choked out sob pushed past Cas lips and his eyes flew open. Years of training and hunter's instinct saved him an ugly gash or a broken nose as Cas’s fist came right at his face.
“Disobedience leads to fall, I will be lost. Following orders is all I know, Dean.” Castiel says, “I have been alive since the beginning of time and always knew I was expendable. One or the other day, I will have to give up my life. That did not matter if I was sacrificing myself fighting for the good. At one point in my mission to rescue you, I thought I might be approaching my final moments. It did not frighten me because you were and still are everything that represents good, Dean. It would only have been an honor.” He feels Dean’s hand on his shoulder, the touch warm like that occasional ray of sunlight on a cold afternoon. “And now, the line between good and evil is non existent.”
Castiel set the utensils aside and walked over to where Dean was standing in front of the door to the storage room. Oh shit, Dean was not supposed to see that. But then again, some part of Castiel wanted Dean to see it. He remembered the way Dean appreciated his painting the first time he was in the house.
Dean twirls the phone in his hand between his thumb and middle finger, waiting for Sam's response—deep inside he knows what it's going to be—at the same time, the lingering uneasiness from his earlier conversation with Cas ramping up as the seconds lick by. His phone chimes, pulling Dean out of his thoughts.
“Sammy’s bed is free, thought I’d take that,” Dean looked away, an unreadable expression painting his features before the familiar grin slid back into place. “Don’t worry, we’ll get you a nice stuffed toy to cuddle once we’re back home.”
Cas amends with fake annoyance, turning to look at the plant perched on their windowsill. "Now that you mentioned it—"
“Could’ve fooled me,” Dean chuckles, pulling the stool next to him closer and gesturing for Cas to sit. “Listen, Cas. There's some stuff I gotta tell ya.”
Sam caught Nadia's eyes, mirroring her grin as they watched Dean and Cas do that thing where they glared at each other until one of them backed down. He never understood how even one of those stare-downs didn't end in them making out. If watching his brother and his best friend suck faces was the cost to end this misery then Sam was willing to make that sacrifice.
“’M not,” he mumbled back, ignoring the shudder that ran down his spine at Cas’s lips so close to his ear.
“You sure look like you need that milk,” Sam said, sounding amused. “Sorry, dude. I wish there was another way.”
"Be my guest," Dean pulled open the freezer and stacked up the containers, carrying it over to an empty gurney. "A vamp or a wolf was easier, just gotta look for a bite mark of a missing heart. But witches get their rocks off from having us be elbow deep in someone's gut."
"Uh, these are my co-workers, Dean and Cas," he introduced them as they moved to shake her hand. "They were at the morgue while I came to the office."
Dean draws in a breath, "Well, in school I always got along with people, but it always felt like something I was obligated to do—like a facade," he says, his next lines spoken while he watches Castiel's reaction. "When I realized I like both boys and girls it was downright terrifying, part of me thinking something was wrong with me and I spend months freaking out over a little slip up that would end up in my old man kicking me out of the house for being bi, or worse, being disappointed in me."
, who can take all the pain away. He can’t remember who. So he drinks until his legs are jelly and the room is spinning. Or maybe, Dean is the one spinning, he’s not sure. There is a thrill to that. There are chunks of time missing between each time Dean passes out with his head on the cold wood of the table, and when he’s awake enough to pour himself another. He doesn’t know how much time has passed.
Uh, sorry if I gave you war flashbacks with that moth metaphor in the beginning. If you don't know what I'm talking about, don't look up anything about deancas and moths and lamps.
He still owns a few credit cards that he barely ever uses, perhaps under the dread of his past catching up to him. Deep inside he knows it’s rather hope than dread; it’s easier to not throw any hints out in the open for people to catch on rather than find out that he’s not important enough for anyone to come looking.
"Now, you can always say no if you want to, no pressure," he begins. "You have to do this only if you want to."
"It's fine, Cas," Dean cut him off, glaring in Sam's direction, daring him to say anything else. They've all had a long day.
"And, why was I not informed?" The rumble in Castiel's voice was borderline scary, sending a shiver down Dean's spine. He now gets where the whole 'commander' thing comes from.
"Fucking fantastic." Dean grits his teeth, tearing off some gauze and applying it to a gash below the angel's collarbone.
They share the familiar comfort of silence as Miracle enjoys getting attention from two pairs of hands instead of one, and Dean absently wonders why he isn't kissing the shit out of Cas yet. His brain is way too muddled to even process everything that's going on.
“Good old decapitation should do the trick,” Dean provided. “Now we just gotta figure out who’s head to chop off.”
"Just covering all the bases, that's all," Sam assured. "Is there any chance I can get Mrs. Bettelheim to talk?"
“Ahem,” Gabriel says out loud, and Dean bristles only remembering they have company. “This is all real cute and heartwarming but I gotta take off.”
The roads are empty and quiet, fog drifting through the early morning air like a blanket. It feels good to watch the sunrise, seeing the rays of the sun crack through the midnight blue of the sky, parting clouds and lighting up the world. For much of his assurance—even if sarcastic—Dean starts alternating between glaring at Cas and the stereo merely half a song and two minutes into the ride.
“Turn over.” Dean murmurs, flicking the lights off. He presses a chaste kiss to the spot below the angel’s ear, throwing an arm around his waist, working around the bandages, “‘Night, Cas.”
Castiel smiled, turning to look at Dean who was waltzing Jess around the dance floor, “Neither do I.”
Dean wakes up to an empty bed and a mind full of worry. He remembers the solid warmth of Cas against his chest and the scratch of his stubble, still ghosting against Dean’s jaw. He rubs the sleep out of his eyes and pads out to the living room, following the scent of coffee.
"Shh, ’s okay, buddy," Dean reached up with a hand to pat the top of Castiel's head twice. "My prom date was a hide-behind. He was ugly."
They headed out to the wedding hall after about half an hour of bordering between dressing up and taking their clothes off while making out like hormonal teenagers. Cas was grinning wide all throughout the ride, and Dean couldn’t help but mirror the smile.
Dean grunted from inside the bathroom as a form of response. Dean had locked himself in there the moment Sam and Nadia left and the clock on the pale yellow wall showed twenty minutes had passed since the shower had stopped running. He knew he was about to kiss Dean back at the party, and a part of him entertained the idea of Dean kissing him back. But Dean was pulling away now, hiding behind the walls the hunter so carefully crafted to guard himself. It ached Cas to not be able to help, to have to stand back and watch Dean convince himself he didn’t deserve love. It hurt more than the sensation of his grace being ripped from him.
is a bit of a stretch. It’s just an internship,” Irene extended her hand. “Sam, it’s nice to meet you.”
Her face darkens at that. She draws in a shuddery breath. “We had a daughter.” She sniffs, wiping her face with the back of her palm.
It took everything in him not to fall into Cas’s arms and just cry until he couldn’t anymore. Dean was tired. He was so fucking tired he couldn’t do this anymore. It was ungrateful and cowardly but sometimes he wished it was him burning on a pyre instead of all the people that sacrificed their lives for him. His throat closed up and his chest tightened, everything around him turning blurry. Dean curled his arm into fist trying to stop his whole body from tingling like he was hooked up to a static machine.
"You're quite known for doing the same," Castiel replied, smiling even when Dean can't see him. "How are you feeling, Dean?"
Sam seemed to have some trouble breathing, as he sputtered unflatteringly, glaring intently at Dean, while Nadia broke into fits of giggles.
“It’s for a few weeks, Charlie.” Dean said. “Besides, this is something architects with my level of experience dream of. I’ll be an idiot to let this go.”
Dean hears screams from all around him. Then again, it’s nothing new. After nearly forty years, it’s hard to keep track of where the screams are coming from. It could be from anywhere. The people sprawled on different racks scream as blades dig into their skin. The one under Dean’s hands is not that loud, just really shrill. It’s not surprising considering she’s no older than thirteen. He wonders what she did to end up in hell, but then again, he doesn’t have to know all that if he’s going to tear her apart, limb by limb.
"Uh, yeah," he stutters, bending down to hit the pause button. Cas stares at him, head cocked to that perfect angle that says he's yet again confused by Dean's actions. He sits down next to Cas, taking his hand in his.
"You're being unnecessarily dramatic," Cas swipes the cloth in his hand across Dean's forehead and down his cheek. It's nice. "You should have known the consequences of your over drinking."
“That’s the thing, Cas. You got your own crap to deal with and I shouldn’t dump my baggage on you.” Cas opens his mouth to say something but Dean shakes his head. “I know that ain’t gonna stop you ‘cause you’re too good. So let me shoulder some of your weight too.”
“Jaime,” Castiel regards her disapprovingly. “I know how tempting it is to just let go of all responsibilities and surrender to the adrenaline of a successful hunt, but it’s not always a happy ending. You’re too young to spend your life hustling pool and running credit card scams.”
"'Course. You deserve that, sunshine," he kisses Cas' forehead. "Gotta treat you right or heaven's gonna reign their wrath on me."
“I sense a story behind that.” Dean quirked a brow. Castiel swallowed, darting his eyes away. Dean must have sensed his hesitation because he added, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to pry…”
“Oh, it’s wonderful here. We’re really friendly people no matter what gender or religion or sexuality,” Henry smiled proudly. “Well, I don’t know if you know what’s going on-ow!” he cut off, rubbing his side where Claudia just elbowed him.
In hindsight, Dean must have been a pain in the ass to deal with. Cas was a bit messed up after he lost his grace, and it was justified. The guy had been overdue for a breakdown. That didn't stop Dean from being worried. He can't even begin to comprehend how much it must have sucked to be something one moment and a whole other species the next. He had poked and prodded, camping out in front of Cas's room, being as annoying as he could manage until he had riled Cas up enough for him to come out of his room just to yell at Dean. He didn't care—not as long as he managed to get some food into his system.
Cas hummed in response, his forehead resting on Dean's shoulder. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas and pressed a kiss to the top of his head.
"Having fun ordering people around, aren't you?" Nemiah huffs a laugh, turning on her heels and marching off with a wide eyed Sariel on her tow.
"I'm holdin' up okay," he replies, the closest thing to the truth. "Still going on hunts and all that. It's pretty much the same."
"Alright assholes, listen up." Dean shouts in the general direction of the sky, hoping someone up there got their ears on. Maybe going with 'asshole' was a wrong move. "I don't know who or what is that yanked me out, stop fucking with my head. There, loud and clear, no more tricks." Dean feels stupid saying it, knowing damn well that all the answers he's looking for are not going to magically come knocking at his door. At most, the people living around there will think some homeless man is having a rough night. It's America, after all.
“Hey, Castiel,” Sam focuses his gaze on him, “If we stop this seal from breaking, she could just move on to any other seal, right?”
"In my defense, it is an appropriate location for a third date," he mutters. "Penny was eager to know about our romantic history and I had to improvise."
“I’ve been on a dry spell for a while now. Told you, not a man whore. At least, not anymore," as soon as the words left his mouth, Dean visibly tensed.
"You're good, man," Dean pats his shoulder. "I gotta take off. I'll let you get back to your carrots."
The world comes to a screeching halt, the only voice reaching his ears being the small laugh that bubbles past Cas' lips and the only sight filling his vision being the stormy blue of Cas' eyes, crinkled at the corners.
Dean obeyed without hesitation, climbing into Castiel's lap and wrapping his hands around his shoulder. Their lips met in a tender kiss, tongues slotting against each other like perfect fit. He slid his hand down Dean's back, eliciting a shiver out of the man.
“I’m no expert but all this crap about letting go of the people you love is just bullshit.” Dean says, “You gotta fight for the people you want in your life.”
He grinned and headed over to the table to usher Dean and Cas out. Dean had his hand under the couch cushion, probably searching for hex bags and Cas seemed to be determined to help Emily in any way he could, talking in soft reassuring tones, but she was so far away, Sam wasn’t sure if she was listening anymore.
Jess' parents were the first to arrive, followed by John, Mary, Bobby, Ellen and Jo a couple of minutes later, and Jo flung herself on him before she even found her footing.
Castiel pushed the curtains away and found Dean sitting on a tweed chair, his phone in his hand. He was on facetime with someone, so Castiel waited next to the threshold of the balcony.
Cas’ eyes widen, the silver of blue barely visible, “Dean, we need to-” His words die out as the ground rumbles violently, before the tent comes crashing down on them.
"Smartass," Dean shoved him softly, before fisting his jacket and hauling him into a kiss. It was a little something to get his heart to slow down, and somehow it worked.
Alastair's vessel gets thrown to the far corner of the room in one swift movement and Dean blinks back to reality.
"Swear to God," Bobby says, "One more word and I'll kick your lily white asses to next Tuesday." He turns to Sam, "You got a plan, kid?"
The clinking of a glass caught their attention and Sam turned to see a woman holding up her cosmo, ready to address the crowd.
"Of course, you were." Dean says, and Castiel is taken aback by the fury radiating from Dean's soul. "What the hell, Sam?"
"Are you hearing yourself?" Dean snaps. "He wants to find his grace and be an angel again, that's what he wants. Not some dumb human who he's temporary roommates with."
"Give your brother some credit, Sammy, I can handle a pack of wolves," Dean says, grinning even if Sam can't see him. "Eileen doing okay?"
“Alright, Cas and I will look upon that.” Dean flops down on the motel bed, wincing when it creaks loudly, “This one kid ― Victoria ― that went missing left her promise ring back before she ran away.”
"No." Cas said, "Can we talk about this in a few days? I have a number of things to discuss with you."
"You've already won over the people that matter," Cas smiles. "I have never seen Gabriel this interested in anyone."
"Suburbs are fucking creepy," Dean scoffed. "Their dumb fluffy carpets and their frilly little curtains.”
“‘Course,” he ducked his head. Sam was pointedly staring straight ahead, but Dean could see his stupid grin even from the back of his Chewbacca hair. He chose to ignore Sam and instead stared at Cas’s sock, black with little red electric guitars over them. “Cas. aren’t these mine?” he raised a brow, stomach fluttering pleasantly.
"Don't be bitchy, we'll figure this out." He picked up a pair of baby blue socks with tiny flamingos on them, the most colorful item in the room compared to the rest of the mute colours that painted the walls. "Nice socks."
"Watch it, kiddo," Dean grinned, and sure enough, seconds later he had a ninety pound Jo Harvelle shaped Koala on his back.
"Don't wanna stab you, if that's what you mean." Dean replies, tugging at the restraints on his wrists. "Let me out, won't you?"
"Dude, the closest motel's at least six miles down the hill and it's freezing outside," Dean cuts off the weak protest. "There's a perfectly intact cabin here, why all the trouble?"
"Perhaps, if Dean hadn't come to get you that night," she continued, ignoring Sam's protests. "You could've saved her."
"Stone," Sam corrected, not sure how else to contribute to the conversation. "And I gotta admit, salad on pizza feels like a crime."
The righteous man's soul is bright, brighter than anything he has seen in his entire existence. It does not cry or plead, barely reaches out to Castiel’s grace like a warm embrace. He finds himself drifting forward to the very beacon of light and hope in the land of death and destruction.
“So, get this,” Sam pulls his laptop open. “The house was built in 1987 along with the rest of the properties. And since then, five families have lived there.”
Cas sighed. "I think I see your point." He threw it aside. "Do you want to take a break, Dean? We can watch a movie, perhaps."
“Metatron was the reason, not you,” Sam objects. “That asshole took advantage of your good intentions. It’s not on you, Cas.”
“Then that would be my choice to make!” Cas takes a step closer, and Dean has to concentrate very hard to keep himself from backing away. “You can’t make my choices for me, Dean. It’s impossible to coexist when everything is built on secrets.”
"Sure thing, kid," the bartender nods, an amused smile on his face. "I'll get your drinks in a minute."
“Fuck, don’t remind of that conversation,” Dean chuckled breathily, pulling back from the embrace. Castiel curled his palms into a fist at his sides to stop himself from tugging Dean back in, still recognizing all the signs of Dean pulling back and shutting him out. The green eyes that looked back at him were mellow and glazed slightly. Dean’s hands dragged it’s way up from Cas’s waist to rest on the curve of his shoulders.
"I have seen humans perform this sort of greeting but no one has ever greeted me this way." Camael says, awe in his voice.
“Raphael demands a dictatorship, and it was too late by the time we figured that out.” Akobel says, “And the ones who decided to oppose him got wiped out. I hope you understand why some of us did what we had to.”
"You guys can come in," Louisa was at the door again. "Be gentle with her please, you understand how hard it must be…"
“Hey, relax,” Nadia looped her arm in his. “No one’s going to go on a killing spree ten minutes in.”
“Robert Walter, fifty eight,” Sam says, kneeling down next to him. He lowers his voice and continues, “There’s EMF, and a witness.”
“I know you don’t wanna weep onto my shoulder or anything and I ain’t gonna push you, boy.” Bobby says, “You gotta do it on your own terms.”
The only readable emotion is the one on the vessel’s brother’s face, dread, agony and torment emitting from the man like sturdy waves, and Castiel can sense his soul whimpering strongly even from the distance. As limiting as the human form is, Castiel requires only a minimal channeling of his grace to decipher the murmur.
The words fell like an anvil to his chest, slow and heavy, never hitting the proverbial ground. When the Mark burned away from his arm like flakes of fire, Dean's second thought was
He looks into Cas’s lightning blue eyes, and it’s not anger or hatred or any of those million other terrible things his mind provides him with that Dean sees there. He would call it adoration—he
“Gonna give Rapunzel a run for her money.” Dean grinned. “Coming from the hotter sibling, you look great.”
As soon as the words leave Jo's mouth, Eileen makes a pained noise and her hand lands on Dean's shoulder, squeezing his soul out of his body.
“Dean,” Cas’s voice felt far away, like he was speaking from underwater. Maybe Dean was under water, he wasn’t sure. Cas’s hand on his shoulder was like lightning against his skin. “Dean, I need you to breathe. In and out.”
A thin line forms between his brows and he looks down at his stomach, touching it tentatively as if it's going to explode in his face. A small growling sound startles the angel and he looks up at Dean.
"Guys, lunch is on me." Dean called out, earning cheers from his colleagues. "I'll even pay for what Vic eats."
"I meant what I said," Dean began abruptly, still flicking through the channels, "that I'd– that you would make a good husband."
“Fine. You look wonderful, my amazing husband,” Dean grinned, placing a hand over his heart. “I think I’m falling in love with you all over again. You’re a sight for sore eyes.”
Perhaps, one day, Castiel would be able to say with absolute certainty that he was going to stay. Until then, he would try his best to be by Dean's side; after all, if the choice was his, there was nowhere else he wanted to be.
“I missed you so fucking much,” Dean murmurs into his skin, head throbbing and arms shaking. “Thought you’d never…” he wills himself to swallow the rest of the sentence down.
Jo comes back pushing a wheelchair and makes a face at the pavement before helping Eileen on to it. The hospital staff takes on from there and Eileen’s doctor stares him down with a clipboard in her hand while she asks him questions, all of which Jo ends up answering. Dean’s pumped on adrenaline and has no way of putting it into use, it’s eating up his insides. Eileen’s screams are echoing from behind the opposite walls every couple of minutes and Jo is pacing back and forth like her ass is on fire.
Castiel had been working with brushes and canvases since he was a little kid, and no one has ever looked at his art like Dean did. He took a deep breath and pulled open the door.
Dean was angry. He was angry at himself, he was angry at everyone that died and left him carrying the weight of their loss.
"They could've just, you know, tied a rope and dipped him like that," Dean said, somehow on a different topic now. "’S why his heel was all weak."
"You could have just handed-" The rest of the words die out in his mouth at the way Dean glowers at him.
"Dean, listen," Cas grabs his elbow, tugging him back to the couch. "They're your family, Dean. Of course I would love to talk to them."
"Well, guess this works out for both of us then," she hummed. "So, there’s this party hall in town.”
"Sometimes it's gonna be like that, Cas." Dean says. "You can't blame yourself for doing what had to be done."
Dean turns to her and looks back into the crypt, and this time to his surprise, the crypt is actually empty.
"Sap," Dean grins, basking in the love they feel in that moment, threads of shimmering light weaving their bodies and hearts together. Dean tucks his head under Castiel's chin as his entire existence narrows down to the man in his arms.
“I’ll have to whisk them away before the parents came asking why two strange men were playing volleyball in the water with their kids,” Sam chuckled, but he honestly didn’t want to. Dean and Cas looked like they were having fun, and they deserved it.
The air around them grows thicker as the silence between them stretches, pulling Dean's heart in all four directions, strong enough to make it hard to breathe. Cas prods at his eggs, and Dean digs his nails into the meat of his thighs to quench his need to reach out and touch the man next to him; to offer some sort of comfort for the unseen turmoil that seems to have wiped away the smile from Castiel's eyes.
Next thing he knew, Dean had his back flattened against the wall, Cas' lips on his in a hurried kiss, deep and desperate. He wasn't hard yet but a few more seconds and it would have turned very awkward. Cas too seemed to be on the same page as he placed a hand on Dean's chest and pulled away panting, as though he didn't trust himself. Dean loved that he could get Cas to look so wrecked.
“I assume all of you have your weapons secured,” Castiel says, tightening his grip on the spear in his hand. He sees Dean twirl the dagger from the weaponry he picked out in his hand, an absurdly enthusiastic grin on his face. “I need all of you to keep an eye out for one another at all times. Protect each other as brothers would, while trust the ones worthy of it.”
Dean's attention spikes up at that, and Castiel takes note of the flutter of Dean's soul, "I wanna feel your wings, please."
Dean muttered his eleventh apology of the night as he bumped into a really drunk girl shouting nonsense into the air, her heels held high in her hand. She scowled at him, but didn’t say anything so he shot her an apologetic smile and slipped back into the crowd, the drinks in his hands threatening to spill.
“Here,” Dean placed a hand on Cas’s ankle, urging him to pull his feet away. Once they were free, Dean grabbed each ankle and gently placed his feet on his lap. “Don’t want you to pull any muscles.”
"Of course, you don't have to worry," Cas assured her. "We will be quick." Dean ducked his head to hide a smile.
"I have what I want with me. I have my family," Castiel met Dean's eyes. "I have the man I love with me."
"You do, sweetheart," he murmured, gently tugging at Cas's hand to get him to look at Dean. "Wherever me and Sam are, that's your home too. You're a part of this, like it or not."
Dean pulled away with a gasp, staring back at Cas’s wide eyes and pink lips, forgetting all of his primary education at once.
Cas huffs dramatically but climbs back onto the couch, sitting closer to Dean than earlier. With every passing moment, Dean has found himself drifting closer into Castiel's space and he almost lets himself think that Cas too gravitates towards Dean.
"But you just got here," Ivan counters, arms crossed. "You rarely ever visit and once you're here, you're off again barely a day later."
Dean palms his coat pocket one last time, feeling the metal of the angel blade against his palm and walks over to where Cas, Camael and that one angel, Nemiah, are standing.
If Cas notices the way his voice quivers, he doesn't comment on it. Dean has never felt so drawn to anyone the way he feels about Cas, it's overwhelming, like standing on the edge of a cliff looking down at the world below him, and Dean so desperately wants to jump but he doesn't know if Cas will be there to catch him.
"I wouldn't have to if you'd fucking listen to me!" Dean ran a hand through his hair, messing up the almond brown spikes even more. "All I'm saying is you deserve a break after all this."
Jaime sighs softly, "I miss them. So much," she murmurs. "Mom and Dad weren't exactly parents of the year. They used to fight a lot, yell at each other and then turn around and yell at us, but at the end of the day, they were our mom and dad, you know?"
Dean stops walking, only to pull Cas into a hug, holding as tight as he possibly can. He rubs slow circles on Cas’ back, feeling the thump of his heart against Dean’s own.
“That had to be a suicide,” Nadia spoke up defensively. “I read that case file. Tommy had a shit ton of sleeping pills in his system. There was no evidence for Jamie having a hand in it.”
"I will," He turns to Elijah. "I need you to gather the factions and retreat back to the camp until we can figure out further plans."
The elder one - Zoe - waves her hand and murmurs something, and the air shimmers around them, a figure materializing at the far end of the barn. A guy in a suit, tied to a chair.
There isn't a single tangible answer for it. When he looks back at the time he spent with Dean, everything about him counts as a response to her question. Dean is a whirlwind of things. He's crass but gentle, challenging but understanding, he's hard around the edges and soft in his heart. He's anything and everything.
"Don't listen to him. Make sure you hit that, Cassie." Gabriel clapped him on the back and followed Michael out of the front door.
"And then you were human." He continues. "On one hand, it meant you wouldn't leave but then, you gave up your grace for
“Cas, I’m sorry.” Dean’s voice is barely a whisper, “You’re a good guy. And don’t you dare think you don’t matter. You’re fighting the good fight, Cas. Don’t you see it, angels were made to protect humanity and you turned out to be the only one hitting the mark.” Dean tugs slightly against his shoulder, forcing Castiel to meet his eyes, “I’m not the one to speak for God, but if he were around, he’d be proud of you, buddy.”
Dean shrugs, "A whole year plus all the teenage angst seems enough." Through the rearview mirror, Dean watches Cas stare out of the window, expression solemn.
That—the tinge of concern in Cas’s voice and the soft blue of his eyes peering up at Dean—that's what does him in. He folds like a lawn chair—literally—kicking his chair back and falling to the floor, leaning forward to hold onto Cas. Just any part of him, so Dean doesn’t drown. His eyes are burning through its sockets and his throat is all cut up, but Cas’s hands come up to cradle his face, and that’s something. It’s good.
The slight pinch of Cas' brows is enough indication that he knows Dean is changing the subject, yet he complies.
Dean slips his hand into Cas' and links their fingers together, knowing even if one of them lets go, they will find their way right back to each other.
"Goddammit," Dean grips the phone tighter, ears throbbing with the sound of blood rushing in them. "What did the doctor say?"
Charlie didn’t ask him anymore questions and Dean didn’t know if it was for the better or the worse. As much as he complained, he never really liked it when Charlie was quiet.
Dean can't help but laugh, "Man, I hope he does," he lowers himself next to Cas, feeling his heart thudding hard against his chest.
didn’t sound malicious or rageful. Cas places his hand on Dean’s knee, giving it a gentle squeeze, smiling when Dean’s squared shoulders relax a little.
sweatshirt, groaning internally. Any one who knew him well enough could see how out of ordinary he looked in Cas’ clothes. But it was super comfortable and smelled like vanilla.
The Rougarou looked up from where it was planning to chew down on Dean's flesh, now intrigued by the new distraction. Castiel looked right back, dangling himself in the beast's path as a bait. Sure enough, the creature leaped off Dean's chest and pounced his way. With a simple touch, Castiel turned it into dust that blew away with the early winter breeze.
Dean would clutch onto the cold metal of the swing as his dad pushed him up, thinking he was at the top of the world at that moment, the only ones above him being the angels his mom would always talk about.
“This is not looking very good,” Dean mutters ahead of him. “Everything’s way too quiet for it to not be a trap.”
The waitress came around to take their orders and Dean struggled around with the bits and pieces of Italian he picked up over the course of the last few weeks.
and he had meant it in every sense of the word, because he’s a bit fucked in the head. Now, Cas is sitting right next to him, painstakingly human, dressed in clothes they picked out together and watching Orphan Black on a Sunday evening because they’re all too tired from getting beaten the living hell out of by a pair of Vetalas. And still, Dean looks at Cas and he thinks the same solid, passionate and heartfelt
Castiel sighs, "I appreciate the sentiment, but Uriel is under my commanding rank. I have the leeway to issue orders to him." He says, "I assume you would like to drive back to your motel?" Dean notices Castiel's flight mode kicking in.
"No human can be fully indestructible, Dean," Castiel replied. "Achilles' heel was a symbol of his vulnerability. Every hero has a weakness that makes him susceptible to harm just like any other human."
"Oh, it tastes better," Dean grins, grabbing two mugs for coffee. He hands one to Cas who cradles it in both of his hands, a sigh escaping into the sip he takes.
“We can,” Cas confirms. “But, finding Sam might not be that easy. According to Akobel,” he swallows the tightness in his chest at the memory of his lost brother, and sees Dean come up to him with a hand on his shoulder. He gives Dean a nod to let him know he’s alright, and continues, “Sam is living in a fantasy in his own mind, tailored specifically for him. We’re not sure what it is. He could be back at his house in Sioux Falls to make it more realistic. Raphael can be crafty when he intends.”
"You pulled me out." He's not sure if it's a question or a statement, he gives Castiel the liberty to decide that.
angel to having your life turned upside down and landing at the doorstep of some no name guy in the middle of nowhere. Cas probably misses his family and Dean comes to the bittersweet realization that he should help Cas find them, because Dean himself knows a little something about lost family.
“I called you to help me pack, Charlie. Not to sit on your ass.” He exclaimed. “I have seven leather jackets and I don’t even know which to take with me.”
He stretches out his hand, grabbing whatever he can find of Cas and pulling the man down to his lap. He kisses him sloppily on the mouth, not complaining when Cas doesn't kiss him back.
"What's up with the lesbian protection squad?" Dean stage whispered as they walked into the living room.
"I'm not sure what monster you have perceived me to be, but I will not harm you, brother." Castiel presses a hand to the stab wound on Akobel's stomach. "I need to know what happened here."
“I have a better suggestion.” Castiel says. He uses his remaining grace to manifest his angel blade. The silver metal glimmers in his hand, “This can kill Lilith.”
"Maybe stop walking on eggshells around him," Sam says. "Tell him how you feel. Who knows, maybe he would want the same too."
“We are ready to leave, Commander,” Camael says. “Search parties have scoured the premises for safety.”
"I was a warrior of heaven, I spent the tangible eternity being a soldier and carrying out my assigned duties. My mind is still that of an Angel, but you…"
"Cas, you gotta keep him awake, okay?" Sam said from the front seat, pulling the Impala out of the clearing. "No matter what he says, don't let him sleep."
"Who told you that?" Dean raises a brow, holding back a smile when Cas ducks his head. "You're plenty good, Cas, don't worry about it. Now go sit on the kitchen counter, it's the one place in this cabin I'm sure won't fall apart."
are not of importance," Irene crossed her arms across her chest. "They always call you when they need you, Castiel. You're their weapon, their personal grace dispensary. Dean alone here has called you down from heaven to help with his every stupid nose itch and later tossed you away like a used rag, correct?"
Another scream starts up and Sam jumps, rushing in through the door without another word. Dean makes a call to Eileen’s grandparents and manages to get Jo to sit down and drink some coffee. Ellen and Bobby drop in a couple of minutes later carrying a bag with all of Eileen’s essentials and hugs them both and promises it’s gonna be okay. Dean’s not sure how many hours go by before Sam peeks out of the door to announce the baby is crowning, his face swinging from excitement to fear to joy all in a fraction of a second.
"You can talk to me, Dean," he said softly. "Whatever it may be, I'm here for you. You don't have to afraid. I will be here for you as long as you want me to."
“You boys done here?” Dr. Homer stood clutching the knob. A woman stood behind him wearing purple scrubs and the stack of files Homer was holding earlier. “Oh, this is Ms. Devereux. She’s my assistant, a good one at that.”
The next time he wakes up, it’s from the sound of the bunker’s front door creaking open. Dean blinks against the harsh light, trying to focus on the figure walking down the stairs, hauling a few bags along with him. It’s the trench coat that catches his eyes. Been a while since he last saw Cas in it.
"Come on, Cas." Dean groans. "They need you here and they need a human to get into the vault and grab the stuff."
"Slow down, Keats," Dean laughs, and Castiel realizes he said the last part out loud. "I'm not pretty enough for you to go waxing poetic."
“What do you think?” Sam purses his lips. “He doesn’t care about the fact that Metatron was the one who tricked him. In his eyes, the angels falling is his own fault.”
"Double bluffing. It's a term from-" Castiel stops himself at the confused look on his brother's face. "My point is, they would be expecting us to think they are hiding him in some high security surrounding. Our plan here is that we make no assumptions. Search anywhere and everywhere that deems suspicion."
The soldiers are gathered around the table, glancing at each other and back at Castiel. Some of them have their eyes on Dean too, who didn't look as comfortable as the hunter usually did. The wounded soldiers watch from their respective makeshift hammocks, intently waiting for Castiel to speak. It is quite frankly overwhelming to say the least, the way an entire army of his kind looks up to him.
"It’s set up by the neighborhood watch to raise people's morale after the tragedies which is a load of bullshit, but it’s a lead," Nadia explained. "The community around here is tight knit so you gotta earn their trust. They all know I'm a sheriff so I won't get any straight answers."
"Okay, this really is huge." Castiel said. He bit his bottom lip, and Dean’s eyes traced the motion involuntarily. "Cat person."
With that, he exits out of the door before Dean can say anything, cursing himself for his infatuation towards the man he knows he can never have.
Sam tapped his feet against the floor, feeling like he was intruding on something he wasn't supposed to. He evaluated his options to get out of the room without gaining any attention and his eyes zeroed in on the car keys sitting on the table
“I hope the reason will be revealed with our visit tomorrow,” Cas runs a hand through his hair, looking around the room. “Where is Dean?”
Fifteen minutes later they were piling up into the car, Dean letting Sam drive, just to give his brother an extra incentive to impress Nadia who was sitting in the passenger seat looking gorgeous in a deep purple dress. If he got to sit in the backseat with Cas, that was just a bonus.
"You're amazing, Dean." Cas grabbed his face and kissed him hard, and Dean couldn't do anything but kiss him back. "I'm the luckiest man alive."
“This is not a goodbye, brother. I promise.” Dark clouds circle above them, looming like shadow figures about to break open.
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean breathes out. “You can’t say crap like that right before we’re jumping both feet into a goddamn kamikaze mission.”
Castiel tugged on his hand, forcing him to look up, "It's nothing to be embarrassed about, Dean. Flying can be unnerving."
"You gotta meet more people." Dean jokes, his limbs coiled around Cas, keeping him close. He drops his head on Cas' shoulder, pressing soft kisses to every bit of skin he can find. "I don't know what you see in me but I'm gonna take the compliment."
Dean wanted to object but he knew Cas wasn’t asking. He grabbed the glass and pills that Cas seemed to pull out of thin air and gulped down, trying not to feel like a kid about to get his ass whooped for sneaking out, under Cas’s steel blue gaze.
Dean guides him over to his own bed, stopping for a second to pull off Cas' coat and suit jacket. "You need to be more careful, man."
“And you Sam,” Dean jabs a finger in Sam’s direction. “Whatever you’re cooking up with that bitch, call it off right now.”
“Thinkin’ about us,” he murmured, sagging further into Cas’s lap. “Sometimes it’s hard to believe this isn’t some fucked up Djinn dream.”
Dean has been putting off this conversation for as long as he can, contacting Sam only through texts and keeping the details to the dot. His time with Cas is like a delicate bubble making him feel as though anyone outside of their little world knowing about it would cause that bubble to burst, all of it crashing down on Dean. He wanted to keep this to himself but Dean knows once the inevitable heartbreak strikes, his brother and sister-in-law's arms are the ones he would have to go back to.
Cas meets his eyes, tired and hollow. "I cannot let you out until I'm sure you're completely cured."
“‘We cannot.” Castiel agrees. “We will find him, Dean. I will return your brother safely to you even if it costs me my life.”
He finds Castiel's hand under the sheets and squeezes, trying not to be upset when Cas doesn't squeeze back. It's a long couple of hours before he goes under, the faint sound of wind blowing past lulling him to sleep.
"Will do, honey," Dean calls back, grinning. It feels so good to be home. If only he didn't feel like a part of him was missing.
It was the only thing Dean could think of right now without feeling like his brain was ripping itself in half. And Dean wasn't even talking about the face of the dude Cas was wearing. There was something about the way the angel held himself, all of his holier than thou six wings and six hundred eyes, now sitting next to Dean on the bed of a no name motel room. It was surreal.
Ruby leans over, telling the details as Sam types them into the laptop. He turns the laptop around, the Facebook profiles of four girls in their late teenage years visible on the screen.
"The Harry Potter kind?” Cas frowns at him, and Dean just shakes his head in resignation. "What do you need for this spell?"
"Sure, just reminding you 'cause you're a little loopy," he tipped a white bottle down onto a ball of cotton and pressed it to Dean's chest over the scars. Dean winced, and Castiel felt a tight grip on his forearm.
"Give me a minute," said Nadia, the line going on hold. A few seconds minutes later, she was back on. "She's at the morgue right now. Her shift ends at four."
"It's nothing, Sammy," he lets out the air in his lungs he didn't know he was holding in. "I'll call you later, just take it easy, alright?
Dean rolls his eyes and places the tray carefully on Castiel's lap, watching the corners of his mouth pull up into a smile. Cas dumps a mountain of maple syrup on the pancakes and cuts into it, shoving a piece into his mouth. Dean leans back against the headboard, chuckling it the soft moan that pushes past Castiel’s lips.
“You guys doing okay?” Sam asked, having no idea what was going on, and honestly he really didn’t want to deal with his emotionally constipated brother and his best friend.
“Well, you boys are nicer about it than the officer working the case,” Homer shrugged. “That lady cursed up a storm.”
"But, we can't be too sure.” Sam says. “Lilith needs virgins for whatever she’s planning, but we don't even know if Lilith has backups."
“I’m gonna leave you here,” Dean sneered, glaring at his brother. “Gonna block your number and just leave you behind.”
"Is that what you think of me?" Cas asks, taking a step closer to Dean. "You believe I consider myself above you?"
“He never drank water from anyone,” Castiel said. “He always offered services to people in need but never took the luxury of accepting water from another soul.”
A beautiful shade of pink colors Dean’s cheeks, and he opens his mouth to reply, only to be stopped by the sound of footsteps coming from the stairs. Through the corner of his eyes, he sees Dean tense. A few seconds later, a young girl, no older than seven, comes bouncing down the stairs, her pants bunching up at her ankles as she skips the final step and chooses to jump to the floor. She pauses when her eyes fall on him and Dean.
Dean snagged a beer from the table and walked over to Castiel, throwing in his best cheeky grin. Up close, the guy looked even hotter.
has come up only twice in one of the books, but it’s in passing. Cas is right, this stuff is pretty old.”
Dean groaned, but stayed still. Castiel thrust his hips forward, urging Dean on. He was growing crazy with the need to have Dean fully inside him, like shock waves pulsing down to his spine.
"Hello, Dean," he smiles, the words he has uttered like a prayer for so long finally leading to where they are now.
Cas smiles, a tender and pleasant thing, sending another wave of ache up his spine. “I know it was all silly. We both were being silly with our worries. It’s in the past, Dean,” he says, ever the rational one.
"Perhaps. But you still need-" Castiel cuts off, pinpointing the exact moment the same thought crosses his and Dean's mind. "No."
“I called you because Gabriel was supposed to help me pack and ended up bailing on me the last minute.”
“Dr. Robinson’s office is the last door to the left down the hall,” he says. Castiel raises a brow and the man darts his gaze away, offering a non committal shrug. “Figured there was no other reason for a fed to be here. We don’t get a lot of deaths like
Dean could've sworn he didn’t have these many bags on his way to Colorado, but Sam excitedly pulls them all up the front steps and Eileen is on him even before he can cross the threshold, pulling him into a hug.
Castiel rolled his eyes, "Every moment I was with you, a leviathan made you its target. I couldn't afford to be happy."
“So how do we kill this thing?” she asked. For someone who just learned about the existence of a whole world of the supernatural, she was handling it pretty well.
Cas collects the clothes from him, careful fingers holding the fabric as though they are eggshells. Dean watches him disappear through the door from the corner of his eye as he scrolls through his mails, absently scanning through the words. Benny and Victor had offered to take over his correspondence while he was away and Dean could only bother to give a weak protest.
“Cas. Hey, no,” Dean grabbed his wrist on a whim, all the uncharted anger seeping out of him as soon as Cas’s face crumpled. “I’m sorry, man. I should’ve let you know before leaving. I won’t do that again.”
"It's okay, Cas," Dean says softly. "It's okay to feel, there's no one here to tell you what to do or feel. I never realized how easy I had it. I was always a coward, too scared to act on the things I wished for. You're not anything like that."
Cas still drove him up the goddamn wall sometimes and Dean too kept up a piss poor job of believing Cas was here to stay, at least until the next big bad sent them chasing away in different directions. He couldn’t help it; every corner he turned, all Dean could imagine was another danger waiting to snatch Cas away from him, or take him away from Cas. The universe was never fair to them, for two people who had nothing but each other to love, they lost each other way too many times.
Cas gapes at him long enough for Dean to lose his last bit of patience. He grabs him by the back of his neck and kisses him, hard and desperate. He doesn’t need to feel gentle.
The logical part of Dean's brain knew the next step was to put the ring on the guy's finger, dust his pants and head home to get celebratory fucked by his fiance, but his body didn't get the memo as he stayed rooted to the spot. Thankfully, Cas was hauling him onto his feet and tackling him in a kiss, his arms coming to wrap around Dean's shoulder.
The drive back to the cabin is accompanied with Led Zeppelin softly drifting out of the stereo, and Dean decides he's willing to take up knitting just to see the smile that stays on Castiel's lips all the way back to home.
He closes his eyes and summons a vial in his hand, pulling out his angel blade to slice a line along his throat. Michael watches him patiently as his life force spills out of him and fills the vial, turning it blue and glowing. Michael presses a finger to his throat once he’s done, and Castiel tries not to shudder at the unusual feeling of being healed by an angel as a human. He anticipates a feeling of discomfort and confusion to wash over him but it never happens. He feels at peace.
"Well, I'm an architect," Dean replies. "A place that turns into whatever you want whenever you want? Freaking awesome, dude!"
He wanted Cas to shout or throw a couple of things or even a few punches his way, but that selfless son of a bitch
he needs this so much, and Cas figured that out even when he couldn’t. Cas’s hand is warm on the back of his burning neck and his other hand is rubbing circles on Dean’s back, and a small part of Dean’s brain is blaring alarms. He’s not Cas’s mess to handle—that’s not how it works. Nope, no way José.
“I was just thinking what the symbol might’ve meant,” Cas shrugged, as the waitress dropped off their plates with a hearty smile, which he noticed was directed at Dean.
Cas on the other hand had a different version of nerd club antics going on. He picked up hobbies that were completely pointless and lasted only for less than three days. Currently, it was gun cleaning and thankfully, Dean had bit on an expertise in the area. He was wiping down Sam’s colt, sitting on the edge of the table with his legs hanging off, absently swaying back and forth. That was another
They spend the rest of the afternoon driving around the neighborhood and talking to the victims’ families.
Cas looks up from where he's examining a fry he picked up from Dean's plate, "Not literally. Well, not figuratively either." He tilts his head, face mere inches away from Dean's. "Huh, this is a peculiar situation."
“What? Dude, no. ’Course not,” he fumbles, all the blood in his body camping out in his cheeks. “Love is love, you know.”
"You had your own spa, naturally." Dean huffed a laugh. "Well, I'm glad you didn't turn out to be some rich asshole."
couldn’t be more distant from the truth. To Castiel, knowing Dean for five years should have meant nothing compared to his eternal existence, but it meant more than any event since the supernova has meant to him. But, Cas has offered nothing but betrayal and pain to Dean ever since they met, so the lie that slips out of Dean’s lips leaves a bittersweet ache of its own.
Sam frowned, remembering some of the muffled shouting that he heard last night, all of it making sense right now. The expression on Cas's face made it clear that this wasn't a temporary low running tank.
Dean barks out a laugh, shoving his friend playfully, "Yeah, yeah, get up now. I'm starving." He rolls out of bed, chucking when he sees Cas turn around and go back to sleep.
It was pleasantly terrifying how the first person that popped up in his head was Cas and how the guy met all of his brother’s checklists. Except for the Prius. Dean wouldn’t be caught dead driving one of those.
"Dean, you're safe. I'm here." Cas drops the cloth, climbing into the bathtub and pulling Dean into a hug. Cas' chest is warm under the worn out Led Zeppelin shirt that used to be Dean's. He likes seeing Cas in his clothes. Maybe he should take Cas shopping, it will be nice. If only his head would stop spinning...
“No shit, Sherlock.” Dean says, frustrated. “Just level with me here. You break into my house, scare the crap out of me and tell me you are an
Castiel shakes his head in part amusement, and part affection, peppering kisses on Dean's skin wherever he can find. He closes his eyes and enjoys the warmth and surging glow of Dean's soul and body, filling the callouses in his grace and keeping him grounded. Love feels so spectacular, it’s a shame humans don’t spend their lives loving each other rather than spreading hate.
"Get offa me, Sammy!" Dean slurred, brows pinched into a frown, even when Sam was not touching him. "’M s'posed to look after ya."
There is a warm hand on his shoulder and Dean grips the spatula in his hand a little tighter. It's all he can do to not lean into that touch.
But Cas doesn't move, instead, he pries the spatula out of Dean's hand. And then the handle of the pan. Their fingers brush—a barely there touch, but the warmth it leaves behind has got his head reeling.
"I wanted to be there, Cas. I wanted to help you adjust after the fall and I wanted you to have a home with me–
Dean hummed, "I felt the same after my dad, you know." he murmured. "I know that makes me sound like a piece of shit, but a part of me felt this weight lift off my shoulders."
coils in his gut like a venomous beast. He presses his palms to Justin’s chest and pushes him away as softly as he can.
Dean gets only half of a second to scowl at his brother before a hand falls on his arm. Cas tilts his head back and takes a swing from his beer, and Dean can’t tear his eyes away from the way his throat works as he swallows. Jesus fuck, he’s gorgeous.
"Good morning," Dean tapped the reception counter, catching the attention of the officer there. "I'm Agent Page, this is my partner Agent Bonham. We're here about the—"
Cas didn't say anything, just looked out of the window and Dean knew he might have figured where this was going 'cause the guy was fucking smart. But none of it — the anticipation, the element of surprise or the place and time — mattered. All that was needed was Cas, and Dean, by some sheer dumb luck, had him right next to him.
"There is so much you don't understand, Dean," Castiel replies, and if Dean's words offended him, he manages to keep it out of his tone. Either that or he simply does not care what Dean thinks.
Dean looks up at him incredulously, “Your loss, pal. Now you better say goodbye to that aquarium date I had planned for us.”
The term sends a wave of thrill down his spine. He stomps down and digests his schoolgirl butterflies and asks,
"Well, tough shit, you did," she grins. "Anyways, that's enough melancholy for today. You see any hunks you wanna get it on with?"
Dean runs a hand through his hair, "Look, I know what I feel don’t mean shit to you and you have no moral obligation to check in with me or whatever, but you can't act like you're some superior being and I'm just some cockroach."
His voice sounds raw in his own throat, clawing at the walls with nails dripping acid. A hand cups his cheek, thumb rubbing wetness off his face, which is only when Dean realizes he's been crying. Cas is here, warm and solid, and Dean's heart aches so hard he can't breathe.
"Sorry," Dean sighs, rubbing a hand over his mouth. "It's nothing, forget it. How are things there?"
Dean should really learn to ration out his excitement because the next second, Cas’s lips are on the column of his throat, and Dean invents about nine new swear words. He grips Cas’s shoulder, groaning under the warm press of his lips, sucking softly on patches of his skin. Dean doesn’t know who taught Cas all this, but they’re getting a goddamn fruit basket, after he beats them up for getting their hands on Cas first.
"No offense but her cover is really weak. Doesn’t have depth, you know," Dean grumbled. "Trust me, these people are gonna be so goddamn nosey, they'd wanna know everything."
"That is not your job," Cas followed Dean, grabbing his arm to stop him. "If you don't let me hunt then I know how to do it on my own."
“I don’t know, Dean.” Sam says, “Something really powerful pulled you out of there and things like that always have a catch.”
Clayton Decker’s body lay open on the tray table, his cold blue eyes staring up at the ceiling. Cas swallows down the dread that curls in him every time he has to examine a body; the loss of another young life. The victim’s body has a tear at the center of his chest, something more like a puncture rather than an incision.
“It’s the best lead we’ve got so far. Good one, Cas,” Dean beams, and Cas returns the smile, even though he didn’t do anything remarkable.
Dean remembered Cas's warm hand on his shoulder, trying to stop him from destroying everything in his path, and inadvertently himself. He remembered the hard swell of his knuckle connecting Cas's jaw, the only feeling that was clear in that moment compared to the blur of hot white rage that clouded his vision as he watched his own hands harm the angel. Now his mind was as clear as it could get and Dean saw a different kind of red. Cas’s bloody face, his blood on Dean’s knuckles pouring down the motel room sink.
The part of his mind that was over the moon at the prospect of getting to reach out and touch Cas without needing a reason was a bigger bitch.
For a selfish moment he thought about throwing caution to the wind and just kissing Castiel. It seemed so easy like this. When Cas was an angel, Dean still loved him the same, but there was something unreachable about him. There always remained an invisible barrier, maybe it was his own fear that Cas being an angel, would never feel the way Dean did. He was a soldier after all, and Dean knew what that was like, courtesy of John Winchester. Now though, Cas felt reachable, soft around the edges even—like all Dean had to do was
“It doesn’t really matter if our cover is blown now. We already got the information we needed,” Cas whispers back, slipping past a couple huddled together.
Ivan runs a hand through his curly hair, “I’m a bad boy who’s comfortably in touch with my feminine side.”
Dean shudders an exhale, "Uh, why me?" He asks. The question is abrupt and as vague as it can get, but Dean can't bother with words right now.
As Jack tore down the walls while trying to build a new world, Castiel lost his connection to earth, and further his connection to Sam and Dean. But, not one moment has gone by without Castiel thinking about Dean. It's something he has begrudgingly admitted is out of his control. In his defense, as immortal as he is, Dean has been the center of his existence ever since that moment he placed a hand on his glorious soul in hell.
Dean laughed, throwing his head back, “Guess you lucked out on that because I have a reputation of talking people’s ears off.”
“Can we not do this?” Dean sighs. “I can’t get my brain to shut up and you guys walking on eggshells around me isn’t helping.”
“I'm spending my day cleaning.” Dean said, chewing more lewdly than before. “Gotta load up on the calories.”
“Leading people ain’t wrong, Cas. It’s the kind of leader you are that shows your true intentions,” Dean states. “You’ve done enough for heaven and suffered through some crap for this whole free will shindig to warrant some respect.”
Sam shines the flashlight for a few seconds and then pulls something out of his pocket. A cell phone.
A wave of worry crawls up Dean's chest, but he deliberately stomps it down, concentrating on the small smile on Castiel's lips.
He leans down, mouthing against Cas' erection through his pants before hooking his fingers into the waistband and pulling it down along with the boxers in one go. Cas' erection springs to life and Dean goes to work, wrapping a hand around the base and stroking upwards. Cas bucks his hip, hands curling into fists on either side of him. He flicks his thumb across the slit on the way up, drawing precome.
Cas doesn’t say anything but follows him out of the tent, and Camael ushers them over. They walk further into the forest and Dean turns to Cas, who shrugs, looking as confused as Dean feels. They come to a halt near a figure laying on the floor. Next to him, Cas sucks in a sharp breath, going rigid.
The journey to hell is cumbersome, and Castiel finds all those years of his training inadequate as he lowers himself to pit. Millions of souls cry out to him, trying to reach him like moths to the fire. Castiel’s entire being cries out in agony as innumerable pleas reach his ears, but he keeps flying. None of the souls he met so far are the righteous man’s, then again, Castiel does not know what his soul looks like. His orders stated that he would know it when he sees it, so Castiel keeps flying. He keeps heading forward to some mysterious direction that his non corporeal self takes him, as though some intangible force, so raw and powerful, is calling out to him. Fire and ache rips and pulls at his grace, threatening to annihilate him but Castiel does not waver, he does not stop until his eyes fall on it.
"I am going to be returning to Chicago with you next week." Castiel began. "It is because a few staff from our branch will be moving there."
"Yeah, and that was last week. Now we’re both human." Dean counters. "I'm fine, Sammy. A hunt would only do me good."
Dean chokes on a piece of bread, coughing and sputtering, throwing angry glares at Ruby. Cas doesn't seem to bother, now completely engrossed in the working of mustard.
Dean’s heart did a quick flip in his chest, something about Castiel giving rise to an insect population in his stomach.
"Relax, Cas." Dean whispers against the shell of his ear, gently pushing him down on the bed, straddling his things. Their clothing falls off one by one, scattering somewhere on the dimly lit motel room floor.
Cas’s hands are in his hair, and the hard line of his body is pressing Dean down against the mattress, and Dean’s about to fucking implode. Cas is the first to pull away, and Dean shamelessly chases his lips, forgetting to breathe. Would be a shame to pass out right now when
Her eyes widen for a moment before she takes Dean’s outstretched hand, “It’s always good to have new people around,” she smiles, though Cas doesn’t miss the way her eyes dart around cautiously over Dean’s shoulder. It’s understandable how she can be suspicious of unknown visitors, especially after a tragedy so close by. “I’m Linda. Would you boys like to come in?”
Dean helps him into his bed, “My own brother is keeping things from me, Cas.” Dean says, “If he doesn’t trust me enough to tell, why would you?”
“Jesus, Cas, I’m kidding,” Dean breathes out between fits of laughter. “Maple syrup gets all sticky and I just took a shower.”
“Human mind works in disturbing ways. In a moment of desperation what one might do can’t be predicted,” Cas said, rolling his eyes at Dean’s grimace.
"I've done a lot of things in life and been with a lot of people," Dean began, but Cas just narrowed his eyes. "Don't worry, I'm not gonna brag about my body count. My point is, nothing's felt as right as you, Cas." He blurted out, hearing the thumping of his heart in his ears. He cleared his throat, wanting to get it all out before he had a stroke right then and there. "I love you so fucking much and I've never been so far gone like this but I ain't complaining. You're just perfect."
Dean shot a helpless look at Cas who was trying hard to hold back a laugh, his eyes crinkled at the corners and dancing with amusement. Smug bastard, Dean thought. He was lucky he was adorable. He sighed, letting Claudia steer him around like a rag doll, all while gripping Cas’s hand tight. It was going to be a long night and Dean wasn’t ready to just let go yet.
"Dean?" Cas calls, a pinch between his brows. It's only then he realizes that he was staring this whole time. Dean ducks his head and pulls his laptop closer.
him. If he were a bit more drunk, Dean would think Cas is looking right through him at someone better. Someone worthy of everything Cas is offering.
“I was there when the ocean itself and every creature in it was created,” Cas grouses petulantly, knowing he would very much prefer visiting the aquarium with Dean once than watching the creation of the universe indefinite times.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas murmurs against his lips, amusement springing in his bright eyes. "Boyfriend, is it?"
Castiel works up the courage to talk to Zachariah about Sam's suggestion about four times, backing down during each of them, too scared of the repercussions. Finally, when Zachariah adjourns the meeting, Castiel waits until all the angels leave to make the suggestion.
Cas smiles a little wider at that and lifts the spoon to his lips to take a small sip, his eyes falling closed and shoulders sagging further low into the back of the couch. Dean tears his eyes away, inspecting his own bowl of soup with newfound curiosity.
