Maybe he wasn't fine.
The strange prostitute that lived across the hallway, that he’d let sleep on his couch, was gone. Dean knew he was supposed to be relieved. To be happy. Life was good again, back on track. However, something was off, like a pebble in his shoe, but he couldn’t formulate what.
"Sorry!" Joyce says, her voice raising an octave more.
Dean brain flatline. He opens his mouth, closes it again, then just stares. She repeats herself, eyes piercing through him.
Dean nods, confident. He was sure about the pronunciation and about the meaning… well Sam had told him what it meant, and he could trust Sammy… right?
"Cas" Dean gurgles, so he lowers his eyes, talking to his Adam's apple
A shock of electricity curses through his veins, both of pleasure he felt and for the pain, that were now mixed together in his brain, and with a gasp he tries to get away from the other man's touch, pushing himself up but falling right back down when he tried to use his right wrist.
"I overheard your phone call... I wouldn't want you to get in trouble because of me. You can go now."
She follows him inside, toeing off her shoes before paddling to the counter that separated the kitchen from the living room. Charlie knew he was a little of a clean freak, but had never once made fun of him, unlike his family. One of the reasons why he prefered spending time with her and not with them.
"And the orgies? What's up with those? You could barely look a woman in the eyes!"
He looks down at his bare, bowed legs with a defeated sigh. Those pants were truly too short, they barely arrived at mid-thigh. AN they were tight. Murmuring a weak "let's get this over with" he grabs his phone and keys, walking out and turning to lock his door.
Some more scraping sounds from the apartment above his has him bouncing off his seat, walking the short distance between his couch and the kitchenette, rounding the counter that separated it from the tiny living room. He glances at the papers neatly stacked on it, red marks signing the one on the top.
“No” is Dean only answer, more growled than spoken. Cas raises one eyebrow. He knows he is tiptoeing on the edge of a very sharp knife, and he can either fall over one side or the other, or maybe right in the middle and cut himself in half, but he had dared too much already, there was no coming back.
"No!" she squeals, the sound drilling painfully into his throbbing skull.
“Not freelancing tonight. He’s just my neighbour… There was sort of an accident”
Castiel’s words feel like sandpaper on an open wound, Dean takes the rest and the bottle water but doesn’t move.
Castiel finally turns to face him, and Dean’s heart misses a beat. They were really close. A wicked grin appears on his lips and Dean scoots as far as he can on his stool without falling.
"So?"
"Good! I'll see you later then!" Joyce chips, before running off. Dean closes the door behind her, then turns to the bed, offering a hand to Cas
Not because this time he thought he was going to be asleep for good. Not because this time he did not wake up surrounded by nothing and had to annoy his way out of it. Not because the first ragged, painfully human, breath he took in burned his lungs, on fire inside his chest, his heart beating so hard it seemed like it wanted to pounce out.
He turns to her; she was still crying
"It's ok, I know I'm useless now"
The other men eyes narrow but before he could say anything Dean spoke, walking to the table where a map was sprawled out
Dean hears scrambling and finally says
When he finally gets back to the waiting room Castiel is still in, he checks with the front desk to be sure. He could leave, he should, the man has made it clear his presence is making him uncomfortable, but he just has to see that he’s ok. Then he’ll go.
Dean does not sleep, and when the sun shines inside his apartment Sunday morning he's groggy and grumpy, the realization that he was living across of some kind of sex worker very much present in his brain.
This time it’s Dean that quirks his head
“Dean we need to talk! Now!”
That’s why he doesn’t move when there’s a scratching sound coming through the headphones instead of the thirteenth track.
Dean brain buffers. That was it. His life was finally going back to normal; he could go back to do things by the book. That’s what he wanted, right? Not yet.
When I was yelling at Cas like an idiot he adds in his mind. Both the young man and the kid flinched like he had whipped them. He realizes how loud he had spoken. The man visibly blushes
She had spoken with so much enthusiasm that for a moment Cas feels his chest swell up with pride he had long forgotten, but it lasted only until he lifted his eyes and saw a patch of particularly burned feathers on the tip of his left wing. He didn't even remember in what battle he'd gotten that.
"I can go. You need to rest" he elaborates, feeling confident enough to close the space between them again, standing inches from him for the first time in what felt like forever.
Cas doesn’t want the player; he wants to ask him help to leave the bunker forever.
When he gets back Dean is standing at the check-out, water bottle placed next the register, eyes casted down, and Castiel beeps it without a word
"That is not funny" he admonishes. He could never do with Dean what he did with the others. He loved Dean, fooling around with him and then acting like nothing happened... that was out of the question. He wanted to hold him, feel him close, be with him, comfort him when he needed it. Just like how they were in that moment, that for Cas was heaven. He wouldn't have asked for anything else.
Dean knows he’s tiptoeing on the border of stalking, but he’s worried and he can’t help it.
Because he was getting out of his house five minutes later than usual, he ended up closing his door at the same time 6H was opening, showing his blue eyed neighbour in all his undressed glory. If only he'd been on time, and not five minutes late, he wouldn't have found himself again in a staring contest with the other man’s red and swallen nipples, clearly perking out from his open black robe, that showed way too much for Dean's already tired nerves. Bony ankles, muscular thighs wrapped in very short boxers, prominent collarbone.
Soon enough though his thoughts of revenge are forgotten, as he realizes he has no idea of what he’s supposed to do. The overall idea of the game was to complete a set of quest that were supposed to lead the player to stop the apocalypse, and of course there were also a lot of side – quests, mostly killing monsters or helping people, but he was lost. And he was quickly starting to get annoyed by the continuous ping of the chat. Of course, it was an rpg, it was normal for people to try and talk among each other, the rules also specified that if you paired up with others it was easier to get on in the game. But Castiel didn’t even enjoy small talk with people in real life, he sure as hell did not start the game to make friends, not when twenty minutes in it he was already surrounded by enemies, his life bar close to zero. Apparently, the character chosen just came with special abilities, but you still had to learn to use them, and being an angel did not avoid him getting his ass kicked.
Castiel hums, raising an eyebrow. Dean's gestures to the back of the shop, trying to elaborate.
Dean looks at him, puzzled and Cas smiles again, but not his stoned, empty one. His sweet, crooked one, that made the skin around his eyes wrinkle a little, and his nose scrunch up. The smile made Dean reciprocate instantly and instinctively, gurgling out a weak
Cas face softened
"Castiel!?"
"Dean" the angel had said, his voice gravelly but steady "we don't have to make love for us to cuddle. We can just do that".
Dean drove with one eye on the road and one on the passenger, risking multiple times to run through a red light. Castiel breathing was shallow and short, small grunts crawling up his throat every time Dean turned a little too hastily, but he remained conscious, silent but conscious, up until they got to the emergency.
He hears shuffling, then his shoes being taken off and a comforter being laid on him. Then the darkness swallows him.
"It's ok... you're ok now. You can open your eyes" he repeats, hoping she would relax and let go, her grip on him was only making his body throb with pain. Also the part of his brain that still functioned reminded him that they were not safe yet, they had to leave.
“I’ll be there in half an hour”
Dean tries to unstick his tongue from the roof of his mouth but it’s downright impossible. She’s mistaken. He should correct her, say that they’re just neighbours.
Castiel is looking at him with his head tilted – something Dean had finally had the gut to admit was cute, that didn’t mean he liked the guy, or guys, he was allowed to think something was cute, that didn’t make him weird.
“Now, I will give you a pain reliver and an autoinflammatory, you should avoid exerting yourself for at least a couple of weeks, that would include intercourse, especially rough”
His eyes flutter close when
Dean smiles, taking a step forward when Cas holds up his hands to stop him, suddenly a serious expression painted on his face. Dean’s heart races, his stomach dropping on the floor in front of him.
He hangs up before she can say anything else. Dean knew she meant well, but he didn't like to make people worry. He was going to be fine. True, now he was feeling nauseous, but surely that was just the anticipation of having to spend half the day with his family. After staring at nothing at all for another five minutes he finds the strength to get up.
"Cas I'm... I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable"
"That wouldn't have changed anything... It doesn't matter how much power we have... sometimes people just can't be saved..." he murmurs, and for a moment he was not sure if he was talking about her father or Dean's humanity.
What was weird was Dean’s reaction at his apology. When Cas had finally been able to rasp out “I’m sorry Dean. I didn’t mean…” the hunter’s eyes had suddenly become very wet and very red – if it was even possible, there were so many blood vessels broken inside of them that the white had become pinkish, the skin around the puffed up, sunk deep into their sockets. They looked like someone had broken the light shining behind them, blown off the spark with just one huff.
"Yes... just a friend"
"You sure you can do this angel?" Richard points out, arching an eyebrow and almost spitting at the last word. Castiel had to repress the need to punch him. No one in that room beside him and Dean knew that he actually was one, they were way too young and had joined them when his powers were long gone. He was using the term in a derogatory way, some sort of power move men with fragile masculinity used to cover their own insecurities and Cas knew it. He was ready to reply, maybe try and make Richard uncomfortable with some sexual remark but Dean intervenes before he can open his mouth
"You sure? I could come back. Last night you didn't look too well..."
Doctor Novak’s voice is lower this time, more careful.
“Sleep Cas”.
Castiel manages to smirk a little at the offended expression on green eyes face. They are so close he can count his freckles, and the way he's glaring at him is adorable. Dean's arm move on his back and he's expecting to be pushed to the car, so when Dean gently nudges him Castiel doesn't move.
"What?" Cas asks, confused
"I get it... thought it was weird he was talking about money..."
"It's true sir..."
Dean looked hurt.
Sam took three steps and was next to his bed, searching his face and body for any sign of a wound, then his worried eyes shoot to Castiel
He tries again, forcefully pulling them in, and this time the agony he felt was excruciating enough to blind him, his body jerking forward. When the black dots in front of his eyes start to fade and his brain is able to function properly again he realizes that he hadn't fallen face first into the ground only because Dean had caught him, crouching next to him and pulling him closer to his chest, his left arm wrapped around his midriff, his right still on his back, moving in small, soothing circles. Cas shudders between ragged breaths when the tip of Dean's thumb brushes against the feathers at the base of his wings, ashamed of himself for thinking how good that felt even amidst all the raging pain. He clenches his jaw, trying to push the thought aside and concentrate on, Dean who was speaking, his voice cracking every other word, pleading
"Dean, you just asked me if I want to sleep with you tonight" the angel finally breathes out, staring up at the ceiling, his hands fisted at his sides.
Castiel nods once, then out of the blue
The man walks out after twenty minutes, the confused expression back on his face upon seeing him, but Dean ignores it, walking up to him
"What the hell are you talking, you got hurt!"
an hour away. She thinks it would be
white hair I see?
All that prep work we did to turn Jack here,
CASTIEL
And we’re the guys who kill those things.
CHUCK
It’s a totally different thing now. It’s not
Are you planning on staying here for
Yeah, I know.
weird or out of this world.
I’m sorry.
CASTIEL
see his dad.
Chuck has killed. I know you care, I know
He raises his left eyebrow in defiance.
anymore. You’re going to spend the afterlife
the Empty booted me with orders to find
Sammy, Sammy.. I think I’ll start with you.
you wouldn’t take a knee (angry).
Good morning.
(sad)
Sam, you don’t understand. This time was
name and instantly I was back.
for you. Whatever happens tonight, I want you
Dean makes a gesture of approval.
Thank you guys for reading! I’ve written these scripts with all my heart and I really hope you liked them. Please, let me know what you think of ‘em, you can contact me on twitter too (@xfraahx).
GABRIEL
I’m taking what’s mine, one way
Dean keeps walking.
CASTIEL
Well, technically I’m the parent. You
Everyone looks at Michael when his eyes emanate light, he tries to open the book with his power, his hand stretched out towards the book, the latter also lights up, he struggles but nothing happens, not even an archangel like him can open the book.
Michael tries to hurt Lucifer with the archangel blade, Lucifer moves to the right but not far enough because he is still wounded and the wound emanates white light. Lucifer head-butted Micheal across his face making shake the bunker. Michael steps back and down the steps. Then his eyes light up, he throws again his powers against Lucifer who, since he’s wounded, can not dodge. Then Michael also throws the archangel blade at Lucifer but he manages to escape before the dagger stabs him. The dagger falls to the ground, as well as the book he used to hold in his hands. Lucifer is gone. Jack still feels weird, he’s looking at Sam and Dean and we fade to black.
So what do we do? We stay here messing
MICHEAL
tv in there and a pop corn machine, you’ll love it.
Because, Sammy..
Death scrapes her throat, everyone turns to look at her.
(signing)
Sam runs to Rowena, she is happy to see him even if she doesn’t want to show it. Sam approaches her and hesitates for a moment. Then he does what his heart tells him, he hugs Rowena, who obviously didn’t see it coming. Sam and Dean didn’t know what happened to her before Chuck, the last time they were in Hell looking for the Occultum she wasn’t there. Sam and Rowena detach from the hug and Rowena looks at him.
lifeless planet knowing it’s this way because
MICHEAL
was something like that for me. But now, with Cas,
Sam and Dean are thoughtful.
Sam kisses Eileen and gives her a caress on the face. Then he gets up from the chair to go and get ready.
out all the creatures of Earth, I guess he
LUCIFER
GABRIEL
you did and it looks like you didn’t even
Dean is angry. He’s angry at himself. He could have said something, anything, but there was so much to process, so much to realize and understand, even within himself.
Michael scrutinizes every movement of Lucifer.
go back to sleep and never be woken up again.
Shut your eyes.
it but uhm- we’re hoping that maybe
Alright Micheal, here’s the book I’ve
I know you haven’t slept since-
You’re not serious, are you? After all
without them.
CASTIEL
to say anything. Why didn’t you tell us
always fight each others.
have found another way. Please, Amara, fight him-
Dean looks at Sam, but he doesn’t move his gaze from Rowena.
You’ve been following my steps.
and kill you all.. again, I suggest you
LUCIFER
Maybe you can really convince him.
Yeah, I miss them too.
was really me?
We’re back in the Empty. Ruby is now looking at Meg (the Empty). Meg is visually angry. She is sitting on her "throne".
But Cas, have you ever asked for it?
How are you doing? We were worried.
Castiel turns to look at Jack who is still down, hands and knees on the ground, we do not see his face yet. Chuck continues.
That made him happy.
Sam points to the books Dean’s already read.
killing demons?
taking our black-eyed fellas?
Was he happy? Then, with you?
No thanks.
you do not wanna mess with the Empty, man.
EXT. ROAD - DAY
Jack walks indifferently towards Lucifer, looking away at him. Lucifer makes fun of Jack’s last sentence by grimacing his face.
ourselves into the dungeon..
but I know that I was wrong, that we should
that will die will go to Heaven, all the demons
these past weeks haven’t been the same
CASTIEL
Sam looks up and sees Chuck standing in front of them. The others do the same. Michael turns to look at him in the face, he is the closest to Chuck. Chuck looks at them all, then stops his eyes on his son.
Dean’s blood boils after the question Sam just asked. He’s not ready to talk about it, he hasn’t even metabolized it yet.
(laughs)
LUCIFER
LUCIFER
Hello, Dean.
Wait, guys.. I could go with you.
so easily, again? Of course I played you.
Raphael doesn’t want to kill his brother. But this gives Michael time to collect the archangel blade that had fallen during the clash with Lucifer, and to kill Raphael. Raphael screams and his vessel radiates light and power. Everyone on the battlefield can see what just happened. Raphael’s light goes out, Michael also seems a little repentant but this doesn’t stop him, his father’s desire for approval is more important. Dumah, Naomi and Uriel are trying to hurt Chuck now, one of the demons takes an angel blade and with his powers he sends the spear to Chuck who is too distracted by the angels to notice, the angel blade crosses him but does nothing. Chuck slowly turns his face to look at the demon. The demon’s eyes turn black, Chuck snaps his fingers and kills him, the demon dissolves in the air. Chuck removes the blade from his stomach and he throws it on the ground.
CHUCK
Oh..Come in.
end, betrayed me.
“It?”
agent Lee, this is my partner, special agent
We reached out to you, you ignored us.
I mean I could never think of an ending, where
Death can’t finish the sentence, Lucifer snaps his fingers and she turns into stone, then into dust. Chuck’s book reaches up to Lucifer’s hands. Everything happens very quickly, no one expected it.
You’ve always been a bitch.
after us because she wanted to kill me.
You’re just forgotten.
Hey, bitch.
Doing what, little brother?
You can’t.
LUCIFER
this planet when I sensed the presence of
be some form of Enochian. So he’s gonna use
I’ve always dreamt about this moment.
She’s worried, she’s playing with the rings between her fingers, she does not wear a wedding ring. Both Sam and Dean notice that.
Sam nods, he tries to hide a smile, but he’s clearly proud of Dean.
Sam looks at Dean, then takes a deep breath and tries to explain some things to Connor.
CONNOR
Dean walks to the door, rubs his eye with his hand, and before he leaves, he talks again.
Connor is shocked but seems to believe what they say.
That’s not very polite.
You do if you want a way out of here.
Oh, why don’t you ask him yourself.
I already told you what happened.
CHUCK
LUCIFER
you know? Finding dad and killing the bad guy.
I’m happy to be home, Sam.
INT. BUNKER KITCHEN - LATE AFTERNOON
I wouldn’t exactly say “trust”.
I called every number on my phone.. no one answered.
Chuck smiles at Sam and Dean, who are increasingly upset. Then silence, Chuck left leaving Sam and Dean immersed in their loneliness.
so far?
LUCIFER
but I think you forgot something.
Why are you here?
‘cause the man has no love to give-
Black screen. We hear the armored door of the bunker open, Sam and Jack enter and going down-stairs, they call Dean multiple times. Dean did not answer all night to Sam’s calls.. Sam keeps calling Dean worried. Dean comes out of the dungeon, red eyes for crying, he still has the jacket with the handprint that Castiel left him. Dean walks towards Jack and Sam leaning on the furniture almost as if he can’t stand on his own. They gather to talk under the metal staircase, near the large table in the main room.
I’m not doing this for you.
Dean closes his eyes, takes a breath and starts talking.
Jack won’t let you.
the symbols on the writing, thought they might
Sam gets up off the floor and stands up, then takes a card out of his pocket and gives it to Connor.
Dad hadn’t come up from his hunting trip.
We care if people die.
A huge thank you to my friend @donttouchj2m (on twitter) who helped me write my ending and who endured and supported me from the beginning. (If you don’t like something it’s her fault lmao)
Have a nice day, guys.
CONNOR
Eileen removes the cloth from Sam’s wound.
himself.
Jack told me.
The priority was getting you out of there.
Guys? Guys. Wait. Guys.
You can’t stand my greatness. You never did.
Sam and Dean walk a few blocks until they reach the square the lady told them about. It’s not a very big place, it’s surrounded by many shops, bars and even a diner. There’s a lot of people around, the place is full of decorations. Between one store and another there is a poster with the words "Pie Fest" on it, there are tables set up full of people who cut and distribute various types of pies. Sam and Dean look around, Sam thinks it may be a great idea to stop to eat something, maybe it’d soften Dean up and make it easier for him to convince his brother.
Cas, you stupid bastard. Why did you
(smiling)
I know how God ends.
The lady nods and lets them in. She is a young woman, about 35/40 years old. Sam and Dean look around, they look at the house, it’s full of photographs, many of which are of the woman and her son, no male figure or other children. They walk down the hall to the living room where the woman invites them to sit on the couch.
something’s going on in Hell.
You don’t understand. Waking me up will
SAM (V.O.)
(calm)
turn to red)
CHUCK
WOMAN
LUCIFER
Jack throws the book to the ground in front of Chuck, the book is open but empty, there is nothing written. Chuck browses it but finds no words.
son of a bitch.. tonight.
Chuck reaches out to Dean, he’s killing him, too.
Dean opens his eyes to look at his brother.
alone, lonely.
Hey Jack.
But first, you gotta put everything back the
ROWENA
it took him. (he pauses)
winning team. (Lucifer imitates a crowd
Crowley goes to fight some monsters. Rowena is going to do it too but someone else calls her first.
This is the way you want it, uh?
Sam lights a match and throws it into the bowl. The fire turns blue and three rays of light go up to the sky. Then everything stops.
Connor puts the bag with the ice on his head again.
EILEEN
Yo, Clarence I thought I got rid of you.
Silence. Again. Everything is quiet. Then Dean’s phone starts ringing. Sam and Dean don’t realize at the moment that their phone hasn’t rang in weeks, like it was normal for him, Dean takes it out of his pocket and reads the name on the phone screen: Cas.
(angry)
You didn’t seem to be doing well before
Sam closes his eyes for a second when he realizes that matter with the Empty is over. Dean doesn’t believe his ears and neither does Castiel. Eileen is very happy.
LUCIFER
Yes. He has been for a while now.
Who’d have thought it.
deserve some of that.
BALTHAZAR
ROWENA
Dean looks around but there’s no one beside him, no signs.
CHUCK
Sam looks in front of him. Jack is standing, the wind in his hair. Chuck turns to look at him, lets Sam, Dean and Castiel go back to breathing. Around and behind Jack, angels and demons still fight against the monsters of Purgatory, Jack begins to walk towards Chuck. Castiel and Dean get up off the ground, now the two of them and Sam are on Chuck’s left, holding each other up. On their faces there’s some blood and some wounds but they’re good. Chuck takes a few steps towards Jack, there are a lot of bodies on the ground around them.
going to school anymore, he didn’t sleep
MICHEAL
That- demon.. it was  always on alert. It was like it
Chuck’s not answering. Michael continues.
Carter. We’re here to ask you a few questions
(yells)
very hard too.
Chuck turns his head to Lucifer.
Crowley is smug. There is silence. We hear only the growling of the hellhounds next to Crowley. He gives two friendly slaps in the head of one of them.
person twice.
Everything is fine.
Wow, thank you, Jack.
surrender to Chuck, it was useless.
BALTHAZAR
(confused)
Ding, ding, ding.
Castiel begins to walk towards Meg, all the angels and demons move to make him pass. Castiel is visibly confused and even angry. How are they all awake?
The music is pressing, Sam is getting ready, taking the necessary. They’re at the crossroad Rowena told them about, it’s a very isolated street, there are some houses but they’re far away, there’s a motel very close by. Sam puts the necessary to call the demon in a small box. Dean is hidden behind some signs of the motel. It’s the middle of the night and there’s no one on the street. Sam puts down the box in the middle of the crossroad and waits for the demon. He looks around, then someone appears behind him.
Dean jokes.
(smiles back)
INT. BUNKER, DEAN’S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
What I already told the police. Connor is
Of course.
I’ve told you to try to find a solution.
or another. If you’re gonna stand in
Lucifer belittles this last word, pointing to Sam and Dean.
Jack tries to be as indifferent as possible. It’s not his classic tender greeting with his hand raised. No. He may be his father but he is the one who killed a lot of people and would kill many more for no reason at all. Lucifer takes a few steps towards Jack.
late in the game.
Are you coming with us?
A huge thank you to my friend @ijohnbaldino (on twitter) too, who helped me to translate these scripts since English isn't my first language.
Dean’s words warm Castiel’s heart. They’re both happy, exactly where they want to be and where they should be. The space between them is practically nonexistent. They close their eyes when their lips touch, they join in a kiss desired for so long by both, so much suffered, after all they have been through, but in the end it arrived. Who would have thought that the obedient angel, whose order was to save a man from the fire of Hell, would fall in love with Dean Winchester, a man broken in a thousand pieces, with a troubled past. And yet.. it happened.
With all due respect, Empty, I don’t
Bobby. He’s hunting.
INT. BUNKER LIBRARY - LATER
to be anymore.. and my powers were still
LUCIFER
There’s one last battle. The most
Micheal started to fight.
Michael looks around. Jack was not the one he expected to find.
ABADDON
would’ve done if I didn’t have you.
Dean looks around for the last time, he doesn’t see anyone but now he knows what to do. He knows what he wants to do.
DEAN (V.O.)
(he pauses)
Dean takes his hands off his eyes.
Sam and Dean look at each other.
Cas.. I’m sorry about your grace.
Finally, we meet again, Sam.
Castiel doesn’t really know what to say, Dean has left him speechless, a tear comes down from his cheek.
Sam, Dean, Castiel, Rowena, Gabriel.. everybody watches Jack take Chuck’s power once and for all. Jack leaves him and Chuck falls to the ground. Jack emanates light from his eyes, from his veins. He looks at Sam, Dean and Cas and snaps his fingers. A powerful snap, heard by them all. Everyone in the battlefield is healed, they look at each other, at their clothes and understand that they no longer have any wounds, same for the angels and demons still alive. All the monsters of Purgatory dissolve in the air. There aren’t any dead bodies on the ground anymore. Castiel walks away and goes to give a hand to Rowena and the other angels nearby. Sam and Dean look at each other. The battle is over. Chuck is defeated. Jack is the new God.
What are you talking about?
About the Empty. I mean, we know nothing
but bringing Cas back. Don’t try one of yours
What-? (Sam can barely talk).
Sam takes the juice from the fridge and brings it to the table, he takes Eileen’s glass and pours some of it in.
all seen, all caring God but-
MICHEAL
Castiel’s getting more and more worried.
I mean you’re an angel and we took it from you-
We’re back ‘cause daddy has gone crazy.
(he laughs)
GABRIEL
Lucifer kills Betty with an angel blade. She falls on the floor. Then Michael also enters the room.
the fricking Apocalypse. You’ve always cared
you decide.
tell Cas how you feel.
can suffer over and over again?
Castiel’s hand is still on Dean’s shoulder, very close to where Castiel marked Dean twice. There’s a close-up of Castiel and then we move on to Sam. He is trying to get up, he can't hear well because he was closer than Dean to the beam of light and his hearing is muffled (we understand from subjective shooting). With his hand he keeps his ear sore. Then someone also appears in front of him.
I- I don’t remember anything.
happened to me? Was I possessed or something?
It’s just a little recon, Jack.
go anywhere.
Sam’s face turns completely white when he realizes who is in front of him. His heart goes to his throat.
Sam raises an eyebrow.
Where’s Cas?
Sam interrupts Dean before he starts talking about how cool it was to kill Hitler and how he deserved a lot of pie after that.
ROWENA
You know, my whole life I felt like
Every demon who escaped the Empty
Somebody’s behind me?
That’s the idea, yes.
Yeah.. I thought that too.
wants to take Rowena’s throne.
You went away and left nothing but chaos,
turns to Dean and Castiel) I should have
took Chuck’s power and everyone came back..
The windows of the car are lowered, Sam and Dean take deep breath to taste the freedom they fought so hard for and that they truly deserve. We see other scenes from the 15 years and in the end, Sam and Dean driving towards the sunset, towards new adventures, Baby gets further and further away. It’s just the two of them, exactly like they started, but now everything is different. This time there are people who wait for them in the bunker, there are people who wait for them at HOME. They have a family. Sam and Dean smile as Baby runs towards the sunset and
years, to understand that you are the best
It’s not giving up. He already won- and
INT. BUNKER KITCHEN - HOURS LATER
Well, I believe you hadn’t time to come here.
(confident)
CHUCK
but she wouldn’t stop.
There’s a moment of silence, then Sam starts talking.
phrase that he said long ago)
anything Dean, really.
I’m good, right?
Sam and Eileen are still in the library, they’re sitting opposite each other, both with the computer in front of them. To Sam’s right is also a stack of books from the Men of Letters library. Sam’s phone rings on his left, he picks it up and answers.
Hi Cas.
It’s the ending when you grow old,
Dean, I don’t even know how many times
sacrifice to me They just need to know I’m
All the angels start hitting Chuck, powerful beams of light come out of their hands, the angels are at the top of their power. Their eyes full of light. Gabriel and Raphael start running towards Lucifer and Michael. Castiel moves away from the battlefield to head to Jack, still on the ground. Dean calls him.
Jack and Dean are sitting at the table reading books trying to find a way to stop Chuck. Michael is walking back and forth, he’s also consulting some books.
Dean looks away from the book just for a second. Then he comes back to look at it. Sam’s arm is bandaged, it’s been two days since they faced the Empty. Sam sits in front of Dean. Dean seems to be in a good mood compared to the last two weeks.
or kill it. Maybe you can help us..
Castiel smiles. He loves how Dean can be the best hunter he knows and a super nerd at the same time.
LUCIFER
with God’s mojo.
Castiel doesn’t seem very convinced as he speaks these words. He looks at Jack in the eye.
Fine. Let the games begin.
CASTIEL
We follow Eileen walking towards the bar. She’s in the infirmary. Eileen disinfects a cloth, then turns and walks towards Sam. He’s sitting on a bed, but he’s awake and conscious.
(angry)
Brother, please no.
Guys, meet the new Death.
Well.. the plan was to get out of the
Has the light ever flashed when you were
CONNOR
following orders, as you guys know, but uh,
Yeah.. why not? We have nothing better to do.
many demons have started to disappear.
Come closer, let’s see what happens.
few times, did it?
CONNOR
Jack, are you there?
(he pauses)
is gone..
Dean starts the car while Sam picks up his phone. We see an external shot of Baby, Dean maneuvers and returns on the road, then they leave.
with all of us together, I believe maybe we
A tear comes down from Dean’s cheek. Castiel’s eyes are full of tears too, that are about to be shed.
know it better than anyone else.
Dean. What are you talking about?
Meanwhile, Sam and Dean also enter the room, after leaving the new Death with the book.
Chuck stretches his arms forward and tightens his fists towards Sam and Dean, they fall to the ground, as if their organs were twisting on themselves. Chuck looks at them. They can’t breathe, Chuck’s about to snap his fingers.
What do you mean?
So..What was your plan?
Do you think it’s an angel?
DEMON
the girls will help you if you’ll need something.
That’s right, Clarence. I’m really mad now.
CHUCK
Chuck gets close to them.
actually being there.
GABRIEL
It has for the past two weeks so..
we could never have. I didn’t think there
EILEEN
Shut that cakehole.
been telling you about.
Dean looks at Castiel.
with the people you love. Everyone’s happy.
to see where he was going?
(laughs) Oh yeah. “Mikey’s a cuck”.
Crowley turns and smiles at Sam and Dean. A smile full of hope and courage appears on the faces of the brothers. In the distance Rowena watches Crowley, she wanted so much to see his son again, even if she would never admit it. Behind them other demons and angels arrived, ready to fight. Then another thunder. The music starts again and the scene is very fast.
I don’t know. Power? Maybe someone
This is it?
you care about all of this. Again, I’m sorry
Lucifer punches Gabriel who was backing away. Raphael fights Michael. Raphael seems to get the better of the fight. He hits Michael again and again, and it actually seems too easy. Michael falls to the ground, there’s blood on the sides of his mouth.
Exactly. He used some sort of spell he
It seems that nothing happens but then in front of them, a black slime begins to appear and becomes a portal. Everyone is hopeful. We see the portal getting bigger and bigger and through a profile shot we see someone coming out of it, one step at the time. Castiel is here. The portal closes behind him.
Well, now you know but you can’t win.
Then a noise. In the middle of the field, the black slime that brought the angels and demons to the fight makes its way. They begin to disappear, some try to escape but the Empty takes them back. Sam and Dean’s eyes are full of terror. There’s nothing they can do, not even Jack can do something, God doesn’t have any power on the Empty. Dean crazily looks at all the angels and demons disappearing to find Castiel. When he finds him with his gaze, Castiel is already looking at him, but it’s already too late. The Empty takes Castiel back, one last look at Dean before going back to that place, before suffering for ever, before dying, again.
I’m still me but I’ve got responsibilities now.
We’re now in an empty street, buildings around. It’s the street we’ve already seen at the beginning, along with all the empty cities. The Impala comes and stops. Sam, Dean and Jack get out of the car and close the doors. They look around, then Dean looks at Jack.
Dean looks at Sam again, he’s sorry that Sam got hurt and he couldn’t protect him. He’s still his older brother. Dean nods to Sam, then closes his eyes for a few seconds.
What’s going on here?
What’s all this about? What are you
CASTIEL
What are you doing?
Don’t sit in front of me. I can’t stand
He was my friend too.
Maybe we will find someone, who knows.
all the angels and prophets burnished
them. After I finish with the demons,
You keep talking but you have done
the same team.
Meg keeps looking at Castiel, only at him.
Connor sighs, looks at Sam and Dean and tells them what happened.
DEATH
I betrayed you.
Sam and Dean look like they’re killing her with their eyes.
Sam starts walking towards Chuck.
I did try to speak with him, but he was
(ironic but annoyed)
She keeps looking around, she doesn’t know why she’s awake. No one answers at the beginning but after a few seconds behind her, appears a black slime that takes the form of the demon Meg. Meg (the Empty) can’t go to sleep even after taking the life of Castiel because of the explosion of Jack, The Empty continues to hear voices of angels and demons, it hears their thoughts, their fears and it feels how close they are to waking up. Ruby feels the presence of Meg (The Empty) behind her. We see a close-up of Ruby with Meg behind, the music is pressing.
You never seem able to make it
the Empty? That’s the plan?
Lucifer is now standing by the table in front of Sam and Dean.
Okay Bobby, be careful. Bye.
Sam can’t finish his sentence, his voice breaks.
And how you two stupid little beings are
You were right. You were right all along.
Your plan sounds really good,
EXT. WORLD - DAY
Amara looks at Dean, then back at Chuck.
Yes. Yes, I did and it was all for nothing.
Dean!
to Earth, so that’s a shitty plan,
Not so much, big boy.
Meg thinks about this proposal but Ruby intervenes.
this anymore.
I’m- I’m not coming back home.
Dean grimaces in approval, Sam’s actually right. They both come back with the beers, Sam hands one to Jack and then goes back to sit next to Eileen. Dean puts the other beers in the middle of the table and he is about to sit next to Castiel again.
Dean looks at Sam.
Oh no, no, no, no. (laughs hysterically)
this message- please, call me back.
What’s that?
Is there something else you can tell us?
Most Likely to Suck, and that sucks.
Sam raises his head and in front of him there’s Gabriel who smiles and then snaps his fingers. Sam looks at himself and touches his stomach, his arm, everything is as it should be, nothing is broken and there is no blood. Sam looks at Gabriel and smiles back, Gabriel helps him to get up while the music presses.
finally realized what a curse humans are.
You don’t know about the Dean-Cave?
Yeah..? I mean the boy is alive. The demon
BALTHAZAR
Wel.. Jack is in Heaven, or at least
This is the Empty, kid..
Sam talks to Jack.
Hitler-
Rowena rolls her eyes.
Chuck laughs again at them.
this moment. (he speaks to everyone now)
that might attract his attention.
Castiel looks Jack straight in the eye and hugs him. Jack closes his eyes, he is happy that Castiel is alive.
The boy the police found today.. he told
(whispered, confused)
(yells)
What’s the thing with the angel
Who needs a hand?
So, that was it?
Lucifer is in front of him, no sign of Castiel. Dean closes the door immediately. He’s completely shocked, Lucifer was the last person (or angel) he expected to see.
About?
We see a montage of all the seasons, from the first to the last one. We see the best moments, the most important characters, everything they’ve been through and we’re they are now. We see the funniest moments, all the jokes, the tears, the suffering. We see everything that Sam and Dean and then Jack and Cas, Bobby, Crowley, Rowena and the others, have been through to be where they are now. To have a family. In the middle of the video there are some clips of Dean and Sam who get into the Impala (it’s the present). Dean starts the engine, the sun is setting. After that others clips of the 15 years. Then Sam and Dean (now) driving and feeling free. Free to make their choices, free to live the life they want, the life they chose, with the family they created.
I’ll come for the angels, too.
Ops, did I say that out loud?
Sam pulls the blade out of Lucifer’s back and now he’s lying on the ground. Gabriel looks at Sam. Sam’s jaw is tight.
Isn’t that awesome?
himself and trust me when I say you’re not
Well, I guess the only way to find out is
Guys? Are you home?
That would just tickle me.
INT. BUNKER LIBRARY - LATER
CASTIEL
Dean lowers his head and now he sounds angry when he speaks.
This can’t be happening.
MICHEAL
made you weak. You’re not in full strength.
What? Did you really think I’d give
“What am I gonna do without him? I can’t
We talked about this, he didn’t want to have
I can’t believe my eyes. You’re
He didn’t even reach out to me.
It made him unstoppable.
Dean keeps flipping through the book under his gaze.
think she cares.
As long as we don’t watch Tombstone, again.
Not it you (Cas) go back and summon
People don’t need to pray to or to
Castiel tries to ignore Meg’s words, he does not know what Dean really thinks although deep down he knows that Dean can’t love him as he does. Castiel doesn’t turn away his eyes from Meg until he’s in front of her and stops walking.
It’s always been my destiny to serve you.
Connor nods and Sam and Dean walk away, they get back in the car and close the doors behind them. They’re quiet for a few seconds, then Dean talks.
Hi guys.
for several centuries.
WOMAN
Sam e Eileen smile at each other.
I’m not very good with words but-
My creatures, my own creatures, in the
CASTIEL
Francesca (@xfraahx on twitter)
have to say those things? Why did you
Ah, ah. Very funny.
Did you really come here with the
CONNOR
I’m so happy you’re here.
(she laughs, the she gets angry)
You.. me.. Sam, Dean uncle Mikey
(yells)
there.
Lucifer smiles.
I mean, you’re a frickin’ angel,
(confused but hopeful)
BEFORE WE START:
talk about retiring? Living that apple pie life
We were in town and we heard what
Lucifer puts his hands on his hips as a sign of arrogance and superficiality. Behind him, however, someone with the archangel blade kills him. Lucifer’s red eyes begin to blink, he’s dying but before he does he can hear some last words.
Seems like we have to kill you now.
CASTIEL
Because the last time I saw you, you
made it bigger.
Dean raises the tone of his voice a bit and turns his eyes to his shoulder where there is still the handprint of Cas, then diverts it pointing to the ground, but Sam notices everything.
Dean’s scared, trying to read the book that Sam’s got in his hands.
You see that now, right?
MICHEAL
home. It’s about damn time.
CHUCK
You want to give up?
Sam smiles at Eileen returning to work on his computer. Then Dean enters in the room and heads towards Sam.
for hours, because I didn’t know what-
Jack.. wh- what is that supposed to mean?
We need you, kid and I’m not talking about
I mean, guys, never a dull moment but that’s the past.
Well, the last one that disappeared
Perhaps I did something else. (he pauses)
something else happened. It wasn’t planned.
killing each other.
Sam and Dean. Are you seriously telling us to
(angry)
gonna burn yourself.
through much worse.
Billie was coming after us-
Dean gets closer to Micheal.
getting out of here alive ‘cause you’re not
I know, I know.. I-
LUCIFER
ROWENA
Cas, about what you-
(he speaks to Sam specifically)
not to you, not to me, not to.. humanity.
We have to tire him out.
Rowena’s in the bunker with Sam and Dean and they’re talking. They’re all standing around the big table next to the stairs.
His power, you sure it won’t come back?
to their service. (he pauses)
Dean gives Sam a pat on his chest and gets out of the car, Sam stays a few seconds inside, sighs and gets out. He doesn’t know how to approach with Dean, how to convince him. Dean also seems too cheerful. They walk along the driveway. Sam rings the bell of the house, a woman comes to open the door.
was desperate to be the favorite again.
GABRIEL
Of course, this is the only way you’re
Chuck is angry, he wants to destroy everything. He raises his arms slowly, from the bottom upwards, his hands open, from the ground begins to regroup the dirt, grains of sand, which grow together with the movement of Chuck’s arms, the music is pressing. Shapes are formed, lots of shapes. Chuck has no power over the Empty, so he had to resort to another place, which was not involved in the battle yet: Purgatory. Suddenly these silhouettes become people, creatures. Vampires, leviathans and other creatures of Purgatory now fight for Chuck. Dean and Castiel look at each other, remembering both their time in that place and the fear they felt there. Sam keeps looking at Chuck. There’s a close-up of an angry Chuck, then black screen.
Oh, did I mention Betty is a reaper?
Are you seriously thinking about trusting
nothing to stop us from waking up the others.
everything was worth it because it led us to
during the fight is gonna come back.
Lucifer turns to watch Jack who just walked into the room.
How many demons seem to be gone so far?
Sam interrupts Dean.
being in the universe?
EILEEN
But then the Empty showed up and everything
INT. EMPTY
INT. BUNKER INFIRMARY - MEANWHILE
to honor his memory. I think you’re too
he made a deal with the Empty to
Sam, NOW.
Not gonna happen.
We did it.
a lot of friends, he always helps me with housework.
This isn’t how their story was supposed
Father.
There’s no one left, I think everyone
The demon laughs. Sam has no idea how this conversation is going to end, he hopes that the thing that’s killing the demons will appear.
Connor seems very upset and Sam and Dean notice.
What’s better than erasing them all?
DEATH
Sam..He told me- he told me he loved me.
The battlefield empties.. Rowena, Balthazar.. They are all brought back. That was the deal. We don’t know if some of the demons and angels manage to escape. Surely, we don’t see the Empty taking them all. Sam and Rowena look at each other when she disappears, for last. Dean looks at Jack, who’s also upset. Dean asks him for help with his eyes. Chuck’s trying to get on his knees to stand up.
So tell me. How do you think you
Do you remember when we used to
so I did bring a token of good faith.
I’m glad to hear that.
They stat walking again towards the Impala. Chuck gets up and tries to chase them. Dean tries to look right in front of him, he tries to focus on the car in front of his eyes and not on what just happened.
CROWLEY
(signing as he speaks)
to escape Billie, I know I felt hopeless but-
It’s all true. Have you felt cold during
INT. JACK’S ROOM - MEANWHILE
ROWENA
You still haven’t told us why you’re
see it before?
Chuck destroyed, so she is working
Dean finally looks at Sam. Dean doesn’t answer, he turns around and goes to his room after he picks up the bottle of beer he put on the table before. Sam passes a hand on his forehead and leans on a chair to support himself. From the other room comes Eileen, she realized that the discussion did not go well. She approaches Sam, takes his hand while he hugs her. Sam rests his chin on Eileen’s head who closes her eyes due contact with Sam. They are silent. We see a more general shot of the bunker.
Lucifer smiles before throwing his power at Michael. He is thrown to the ground. Then he rises immediately and the battle between the two brothers begins. Chuck stands still, Sam and Dean begin to run towards him but Chuck with a hand movement throws them to the ground, five meters further. Jack tries to get close to Chuck, but he does the exact same thing: he throws Jack away, both from him and Sam and Dean. As Michael and Lucifer fight in the background, Chuck approaches Sam and Dean who are rising from the ground.
"Not really..." Joyce replies and Dean looks up again, this time at her. She was fidgeting.
"What? Can't even talk after that?"
The angel turns his head and his eyes get lost in Dean's, the feeble resolution draining from him.
“Are in some sort of romantic relationship? Married?”
He wonders if he should give it back. Dean had said that you keep gifts, but the hunter was also keeping him at arm distance.
you look at the world with different eyes.
Yeah, I know. Chuck’s getting desperate.
Oh, you don’t learn.
GABRIEL
..and I didn’t answer.(Dean’s voice is
Jack turns his glaze to Chuck. Dean closes his eyes, none of them can afford distractions, not now. Jack is holding Chuck’s book in his hands now.
Jack smiles. A tear lines Sam’s cheek, Dean’s been holding back ever since the Empty took everyone back. Jack turns and walks until he dissolves like light in the air and
Lucifer arrives to Chuck’s left.
I think Jack is doing his best.
Why is the FBI investigating on my
Dean swallows and watches the road as he squeezes his hands on the steering wheel. Sam looks at him.
Things out of the ordinary like cold
the guts. But I’m telling you know.
moaning about what you lost. Humans.
SUPERNATURAL INTRO
two heavyweights, your boys, showed up
Um, after pop nutted out and murdered
A grin appears on Lucifer’s face.
We go back to Sam and Dean that are still talking and drinking beer.
be any different this time? (he pauses)
Listen, I haven’t felt like an angel for a
Then you came into my life and you completely
your brother. You always find a way to go
having you. After everything we’ve been
But now? After seeing what Chuck has done?
Umh.. not a group project.
Dean is confused, he frowns his eyebrows. He’s feeling so many contrasting emotions: hope, fear, remorse, happiness. Sam looks at his brother as he answers the phone, he puts Castiel on speaker.
How are you?
I would never forget that. One of the best
my brother.
you killed Lucifer?
Thank you.
What are we waiting for?
you like this. So all you gotta do is ask. We can find
moments of my life. Better that killing
Why are you doing this? Why are you
of the most powerful beings in the universe.
RAPHAEL
BALTHAZAR
You don’t want to see me angry.
Sam remains a few seconds in silence to think, then turns directly to Rowena.
felt like that. (he pauses, remembering that time)
MICHEAL
this- this is our home. Your home.
know if he created other angels or
Billie was coming after us- Cas- he-
Who are you? What are you doing here?
Amara greets Sam and Dean, gives a quick look at Jack, he nods and Amara disappears. Castiel is still helping the angels and demons on the ground to rise up, as Balthazar and others. Dean looks at Castiel and a little smile shows on his face, he tries to hide that. Sam looks around.
We’re with the FBI.
Chuck straighten his arm to his son. His eyes are illuminated. There’s some panoramic footage as we see Chuck killing Michael, he becomes white light too. Chuck falls to his knees, exhausted. But he still has two cards left to play. He stands up and stretches his arms to the sky. Thunder rumbles as Chuck absorbs the darkness of the clouds (as Amara once did). Amara is still inside him and he also has her power at his disposal. Chuck’s eyes become black. Now the sky is cleaner, almost without clouds, there is more light but the sun has disappeared anyway. Chuck has regained his strength and powers. He turns to everyone.
anyone or-
Sam is scared and frustrated, it can’t happen again, not Lucifer again. Dean is still at the top of the stairs. Lucifer could not have entered in any other way since shortly before Sam and Dean had reinforced the wardings in the walls, also to protect themselves from Chuck.
call  him.. Me, his friends, we all went to
Eileen found this abandoned barn, half
was scared. It was running from something.
Sam would say more but Dean interrupts him.
in my side. Never following orders, always
Do you want some juice or- some milk?
Well..I guess we’re both idiots.
GABRIEL
ENOUGH.
That figure turns, it’s Micheal.
Why wouldn’t I? Let’s do this.
I end you. Eternal suffering awaits..
Thank you, Anna.
person she is that makes my little
Becky is in her house, she sees her husband and her children, the four of them hugging and smiling. Stevie is in her and Charlie’s apartment, the broken plate still on the floor, she looks around.
How do you know that? How do you
which we knew Micheal would feed straight
Sam Winchester. What an honor.
(signing as he speaks)
showed up here and you did, so Lucifer and
that- you said that the only thing you
Bitch.
So, I- It’s been years since I picked
Because they’re demons, Sam. Since when do
Sam tries to be sensitive when he talks, he knows this is not easy for Dean.
CONNOR
How in the hell did you know
Chuck shakes his fist even more towards Castiel, he screams in pain. Dean closes his eyes and continues, hoping it will work.
That’s a page turner.
pretty much everyone in the world (laughs),
Dean comes out of the room to get the beers, Castiel looks at him. Eileen tidies her things, and Sam takes the opportunity to talk to Castiel alone for a moment.
I mean that I’m going to summon
Everyone’s gone.
Uh.. that’s deep. (laughs)
that I could be happy with someone again.
Enjoying a little alone time?
INT. BUNKER - DAY
you anywhere. It’ll only make you
come in here.
Fine.
Chuck is still on the ground, smiling. The flashbacks end.
I mean, it can be anything.
something is going on in Hell. After Jack
Sounds like shapeshifters.
like everyone else. What difference does
nothing, again. If we don’t beat him
Jack smiles at Dean’s words, his forgiveness and Sam’s was a thing he’s wanted for a long time.
that no one ever told me before.
LUCIFER
Their hands are close, almost touching each other. Perhaps at this moment both would like to take the hand of the other. What better way to die? The monsters are getting closer.
Meg laughs heavily.
how to kill him.
INT. BUNKER - DAWN
back anyway, me first.
through, me and my brother, I never thought
There’s silence. Then Sam starts talking first.
And what is that supposed to mean?
What place is this?
CASTIEL
Connor takes off the ice from his head.
Billie.
(yells)
Your little puppies are still there,
Lucifer throws Michael to the ground, then turns to Jack.
Sam and Dean look at Lucifer and Betty with suspicion.
Well, sure.
Dean’s heart breaks every second more. He spent all night crying in the dungeon even though he would never admit it. There’s a moment of silence, no one talks. Jack is sad, Sam closes his eyes for a second as if he doesn’t want to believe it, then he interrupts the silence.
ROWENA
ABADDON
Sam hangs up the phone and puts it on the table.
the car?
Abaddon.
How did you get in here?
Nice try, sis. (he laughs and then
the angels.. We will find a way to bring you
Dean swallows.
NO, you’re not our “pal”.
guys, we managed to fix everything even
(signing as he speaks)
Do you think we give a rat’s ass about
Dude, you even made him a mixtape of your
Sam takes the plate with the bacon off the counter and puts it on the table. Dean stares at it, then shakes his head.
He pauses.
Chuck points his arm at him and grabs Sam by the throat, with his powers lifting Sam, he had a blade in his hands to hit Chuck.
on the case, alright?
Any progress?
INT. ABANDONED WAREHOUSE - DAY
have a beer or whatever.
Dean seems sad, Castiel keeps listening to him.
only you guys, can kill God?
He didn’t take it too well when he found
Dean is still driving. Sam sees that no answer comes from him, sighs and turns his face to the street. Dean looks at him when he’s not looking. This is the last time Sam tries to convince Dean. Baby runs down the poorly lit road. Then we cross-fade it’s morning and Baby’s parked outside the bunker.
Winchester.. of Dean Winchester. The ultimate
ROWENA
CHUCK
I’m going to end you and send you where
Angels?
ROWENA
Sam takes the blade and tries to approach but Meg with a stroke of the hand brings the dagger across the street.
We’re trying to find a way to close it,
you know the rest.
Abbadon ends up killing a monster, she looks around. She seems scared, we understand she decided to leave the battlefield. She turns to go away but finds Zachariah in front of her.
Sic ‘em boy.
NO. NOT AGAIN.
was wounded and it took it.
Alright.
Oh, like you care, Deano..
I like it.
(point to Ruby’s knife)
Sam and Dean look at each other. Then we hear the sound of Baby’s engine and see her running in the night.
I’m sure Chuck is ready to make a move.
So, does this mean you’re the new-
Michael stops talking when Sam and Dean finally show up from their “recon". They enter the bunker through the armored door and look at Jack and Michael.
(laughs)
It’s been a day since Dean had to transport Sam’s body into the Impala and the bunker, Eileen helped him get Sam to the infirmary and lay him on a cot. Not that it’s the first time he’s transported his brother like this, but it certainly doesn’t get any easier.
Jack, please.. please.
the bunker?
INT. BUNKER LIBRARY - LATER
Once there Dean helps him sit in one of the chairs in the waiting room, that was filled with the chatting and moaning of at least fifty people, waiting their turn with different degrees of injuries.
"Sir, your son’s stats are all wrong, and his fever was severe, he was lucky his boyfriend had a quick reaction and brought him here"
“I’m not running. I’m walking back to the bunker. You stay here and wait for Sam” he replies, shoulders shaking. Cas is shaking too, but he doesn’t know if it’s from the emotions stirring in his chest or for the raindrops that were falling possessively on him, stinging like ice cold needles.
“What-?”
He grabs the bag, the muffin rattling inside for how much he was shaking, but Dean just pushes it back, gently, ignoring the fact that his hand had decided to move from the man arm to his shoulder and just sit there.
"He's a friend" Dean had replied, eyes avoiding his father's because he could feel his ears turning red
"Not much"
"Absolutely, just ask Castiel here if you need any assistance!"
He scoots away as fast as he can, finding himself scampering downs a less busy hallway, attracting a couple of looks from people dressed in light blue scrubs, but no one tries to stop him. It’s quiet on that side of the doors, people spoke in hushed tones, and he doesn’t like it. He can hear his own thoughts, and for all his life he’d worked as hard as he could to drown them out.
"Cas I swear, I'll be gentle, I won't hurt you"
"We need to go" he thunders, the two men stopping what they were doing at once, the younger letting his eyes dart behind him and out of the windows. Still, none of them moved.
He hands the papers back with a fake smile.
"I didn't catch your name" he stretches out a hand, and after a short pause Castiel shakes it
"Charlie, I'm fine I promise, you don't need to come"
His own body convulsing against a strong blow to his gut is what wakes him up. He’s conscious when the second punch hits him, one strong hand keeping him in a sitting position, two green eyes really close to his face, but before he can say a word his stomach churns, flips inside out and his throat is filled with bile and regurgitated whiskey. He throws up on himself, then a little more on the ground, when the hand that was holding him helps him turn and push his body sideways.
Dean suddenly moves his head even closer, kneeling on the floor and placing his hands on each of Castiel side, trapping him
"How is he?” she asked, her eyes dancing between Dean's and Cas barrack.
“close your eyes and don't open them until I say so".
“Dean. Tell me”.
Cas tilts his head
“Symptoms?”
Castiel panics, he couldn't let anyone else see him, he would've run off, away from Dean gaze if had the strength to. He claws Dean's arm, trying to get it off him, to push him away, his good wing flapping miserably, feeling all the bruises and wounds on his body.
"Sorry, that's me" the low voice interjects, before he can say something, or worse squeal.
Garth and his family were sitting on the row behind them.
“Listen, I’m not trying to make you uncomfortable. I don’t know if Crowley called you or...”
"Dean arranged for me to become Lana's assistant!' Joyce beams
“What the hell were you thinking?”
"What? Already panicking?"
“No what?”
He practices how to say the phrase all evening. Pacing up and down in his room, he rolls the words on his tongue, trying different tones. At ten pm he marches into the kitchen, confident, pushing up the sleeves of his favourite green flannel, worn on top of one of his old black t-shirts, maybe a little too tight on him after many years of poorly executed laundry. His brother passes him in the hallway, raising an eyebrow, but Dean doesn’t pay him attention, his mind focused on a mission. To put things back to normal with Cas.
Dean is still fidgeting in front of him. He rubs his face with both hands, letting them fall at his side.
“Dude, this is not a place. This is a storage room. I.”
"They are ruined and pathetic... No one should have to look at them. And I did not tell you about my grace because you didn't need something else on your mind. I already became useless, even if you knew that wouldn't have changed anything... Our... bond is already broken..." his voice trailed off. He kept his eyes fixed on his hands, that were laying on the bed. His stomach closed up when the mattress creaked.
"Cas, buddy, we need to patch you up, c'mon"
"If that is what you want me to call you, fine by me" the man purrs at last, and Dean shivers, sticking his hands into his pants to try and make them look baggier. He'd never felt so exposed in his life, and suddenly that corridor was way too hot for a guy that was only wearing a t-shirt and short shorts.
This time it was Dean who moved away, retrieving his arms and propping himself up on an elbow, looking down at him
But he didn't answer, a shiver running down his spine.
“Yep” then
Dean finds the man sitting on a metal chair, slumped forward. A guard was standing in front of him, big muscly arms crossed in front of a wide chest, and both look up when he approaches.
But now Dean was standing there, in front of him, looking vulnerable again and all he wanted to do was swing his arms around him and pull him closer, nothing more. He didn't dare to think about more, not anymore. He knew he wasn’t worthy of someone like Dean, he wasn’t when he was an angel and sure he wasn’t now. He had made peace with it, he would've have been happy with just seeing Dean relax, forgive himself for all that had happened, because it wasn't his fault. Still, he didn't move. Instead, he heard himself say
"Yeah!"
“Ok, what did you have in mind?”
"You're tired, you should rest"
“I saw you go with girls” he insists, daring a quick glance at his right. Castiel is looking outside the windshield.
He’s annoyed. It’s ridiculous, childish even, but he’s annoyed. He did not need to be saved. He could’ve found a way of getting himself out of it. Still the hunter avatar is not moving, just breathing – yes, breathing, the lifelike of the game was incredible, Castiel could actually see his chest go up and down – next to his own avatar, the red dot of the chat catching his eyes again. He clicks on it
Hearing green eyes say his name is weird, so he forces himself to focus, feeling a couple of tears roll down his cheeks.
“Don’t play dumb with me. You said you didn’t mean it… The first thing you said once back from freaking turbo hell was that you didn’t mean it… And you know what? I get it. I clearly heard you say you loved me before you got sucked away from black goo, but if it was just a spur of the moment thing and now you want to go back to normal, I’m cool with it, I gave you space and all. So why the hell bring that up? Why the hell did…”
Gabriel takes no time to reply
"We should get married"
“You’re sorry… Of course. You’re sorry and that fixes everything, right?”
Five minutes. That's how long Dean's alarm had been going off, before he was pulled abruptly awake by the screeching sound, sitting up in his bed, inhaling sharply. He looks around, confused, blindly reaching and turning it off after a couple of taps, scrubbing his face with the other hand. He slept in for five minutes. Not a big deal, he knew of course, five minutes are not a lot of minutes, but since he could remember he'd never slept in.
"Chest..." he grunts, another painful spasm cutting off his voice, not sure why he felt compelled to answer the question at all. Green eyes did not need to know that information. He was going to be fine. He tries again to get up, but he can't, the hand moving from his armpit to his back, holding him down.
"at the count of three... One... Two..."
"I am not trying to be".
"WHAT THE FUCK WERE YOU THINKING? DO YOU EVEN KNOW HOW MANY WE WILL LOSE BECAUSE YOU COULDN'T FOLLOW SIMPLE ORDERS?"
Pale and sweaty, his voice sounds distant, but his signature grin is stretching his lips, blue laser going up and down on Dean's body like they always did when they met in front of their apartment, and Dean’s knees go weak for a moment, his palm sweating uncomfortably. He wants to ask how he is, how he’s feeling, if he hurts. He wants to ask why he had to leave his apartment and if he had a place to stay. Instead he mumbles
Dean quickly places a hand in front of the elevator sensor, the doors silently retreaing and letting Mrs Worton and her teacup chihuahua in.
Cas looks up into Sam’s eyes
“What are you doing here?” he asks, freezing, eyes going wide, and for once Dean feels like he has the upper hand, even though he’s not really sure what to do with it.
"Let her in"
"You didn't?"
"It's his wing, something's wrong with his wing!"
The man’s voice his rough, low, sardonic. He sounded just the way he looked. A conman.
They walk fast and quietly, reaching the building without encountering any croatoan, walking up the stairs to the second floor where he knew they'd find the medicines they needed. The door was locked, but instead of kicking it down Castiel decides to pick it. More croatoans could be hiding somewhere and they were not armed to defend themselves. Finally, after what seemed an eternity of silence only disturbed by the clinking of metal against metal they get in.
“You should stay”.
Dean looks up only to find his best friend sitting on the floor next to his door, smiling brightly up at him. They were not supposed to meet, Dean was sure of that, he kept his calendar meticulously updated, but Charlie never cared about his schedules. She just appeared whenever she wanted, dragging him out for drinks, forcing him to go out for walks or just crushing at his place to eat junk food, and somehow Dean didn't mind it. He wasn't sure why, but Charlie was the only chaotic constant in his life that he wouldn't have replaced for anything in the world. That's why the tension in his shoulders slightly disappeared and his lips tugged upwards, the bubbling energy of the red head already infecting his humor.
"What?"
He doesn’t sleep – he knows he has to, he’s human. But his brain is on overdrive, Dean’s low I need to tell you something bouncing around in his head.
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Castiel overhears Richard ask to Dean. Not that the man was remotely trying to keep his voice down. Still, he did not turn around. He didn’t want to see Dean's expression; he didn’t want to see if he agreed with Richard not so subtle suggestions that he was not up to it. Instead, he walked over to the fifteen people standing in Dean's barrack. None of them were older than twenty-five years. His eyes fell on a girl. She couldn't have been more than seventeen. She was looking down, her hands clasped behind her back did nothing to hide how much she was shaking.
"Ok buddy..."
Joyce looked back at him petrified, but for the moment she seemed unarmed. The woman voice flutters again in the air
Pushed back from the rebound, unfortunately his right side was left open enough for the blonde demon to sneak behind him and try to plunge a knife into his ribcage. Letting himself fall back he managed to avoid the full blow, the demon’s blade only slicing only, not fatal but enough for his body to recoil. Grunting, he kneels down, a hand pressed against it, blood trickling between his fingers. That’s when a strong blow on his temple renders him blind for a few seconds, and another in his gut forces him on all fours.
“I’m fine and I do” the man replies, placing his hands on the counter and leaning forward, crowding Dean’s space and breathing the smell of weed directly on his skin, grin pulling up. The fans in Dean’s brain start to work a little faster, and like a weird pavlovian effect his pants start to feel a little tighter than before, but he can’t back away, his feet glued to the floor.
“I love you”
"It was nice... Celebrating our birthdays" Sam pondered after some time, breaking the silence, talking more to himself than to someone in particular, rinsing the last spoon and turning off the water. Dean nods even tho his brother had his back to him and couldn’t actually see him.
"What?" he finally says, and the angel cranks his neck back
“Just in case you decide to use our services” he says with his plummy voice, thrusting the card in Dean’s hand before walking away, stepping into the elevator with the others and leaving behind a heavy atmosphere.
There are movements behind his closed eyelids and then there’s a hand on his cheek, the one still on his shoulder squeezing it lightly
"Bring the truck to Team one. If Richard asks tell him I have the antibiotics and I will meet you at the outskirts of the city."
"Are you...staying?"
"Hey, welcome back"
"Can I do anything?" she cuts him off and he was about to say no when he saw how worried she was. Also, he didn't want to leave Cas alone.
Dean saw the hurt in Cas eyes, but he was too angry. He thought he had condemned the angel to be a human, he thought he had taken from him not only heaven but also what made him... well him. And Cas had let him believe that.
“Dean…” Cas pleads again. Reading humans had never been easy, not even when he had his grace. But he’d spent enough time with the hunter, enough to learn how to read the subtle way he shifted his back a little straighter when he was being defensive, or the way his tongue darted out every time he was nervous.
"Dean?"
He walks out of the car, smoothing his blue slacks and his light blue button down. He didn't have his jacket. With bold steps he gets to the front door, glad his side isn't hurting, but with all the pain killers he was on he doubted he’d have to worry about it for at least a couple of days.
“The boy was barely eighteen. It wasn’t right”
""Cas...?" he whispers, referential, and Castiel opens his eye.
“I’m fine, and look, I have food”
“Not my type” Cas replies, and Dean quickly rolls his eyes, glad the conversation has shifted even though he was not sure he liked that topic.
He doesn't have an answer for that question. He has no idea what's wrong with him, why he feels the need to see the blue-eyed man - he lies to himself, using the excuse of "I have to say thank you", although he could totally wait until the next time he meets him in the hallway.
"Why? Do you like sewing people?"
"Don't yell!" Dean blusters, locking the door and walking to the bed
Castiel stops, letting Sam catch up
“Give me the pills”
Castiel rolls his eyes, a motion that moves his whole head, but his stare is back on Dean when his stomach growls again, the sound easy mistakable for the one of a whale in heat. A weak grin appears on Castiel’s pale lips and Dean’s face automatically flushes red
Castiel head is back in the bag and Dean eyes are glued to his back, his brain working fast to try and follow their conversation.
Unfortunately, he knew that being tired would not help him in the slightest in the process of falling asleep. He hated it, hated closing his eyes, hated the nightmares that hunted him every single night. He also hated waking up. Somehow it always happened abruptly, and the disorientation lasted for way too many minutes.
"I came over to tell Dean, and he asked me to stay and watch you so he could go and get it"
At the beginning Castiel cried and begged every time, falling to his knees, his throat closing up, his eyes burning. He knew those were hallucinations, illusions created by the Empty to torture him, but they still hurt. It still made his heart sink in his chest and tears swell up to see the man he loved laugh at his pain or say he was a fool to think Castiel was ever nothing more than a tool to reach a goal.
“4.56”
"I... guess it wouldn't be a problem..."
Cas clears his throat, a wave of confidence rushing in his chest. Dean was there, Dean was opening up to him, telling him what was wrong, and if there was one thing for sure was that he was put on that planet to do was to help Dean whenever he could.
Dean instinctively walks backward until his back hits a random car, Castiel does not stop until he's just a few inches from him, his fists balled up, eyes darting back to a black car, and when Dean follows them he notices a brunette getting out, but he doesn't have a chance to observe her for more than two seconds, his eyes rolling back into the blue ones the moment he feels hot breath tickle his nose.
Cas didn’t even know what he’d done wrong this time. But if Dean was angry he was supposed to apologizes.
Dean swallows, drowning for a moment in the blue of his eyes, his cool facade trembling, and Cas sees it, behind the cracks, his Dean, just for a moment, before he raised his walls again.
"Cas what's wrong?" Dean insisted, moving in front of him and squatting in between his legs, hands not leaving his shoulders. Castiel avoided his eyes, licking his lips, squinting slightly, they were chapped and dry and tasted like iron. He could not tell him. He could not admit that he would've risked his life everyday if that meant Dean would stay that close to him and care for him like that. The he felt love for the man in front of him, that he had pushed down for so long threatened to erupt so he pressed his lips together, cursing his stupid body that wouldn't stop trembling both for the physical damage and the emotions that were stirring inside his chest. He couldn't admit his feelings, he couldn't face the rejection. It might have killed him. And he would have lost Dean, completely.
"So you're clean?"
It wasn’t even weird that before he opened his eyes he felt strong arms around him, holding him tight, laying him gently on the ground, but not letting him go, so that when he finally blinked them open he was still being held against someone’s chest, two big green eyes staring down at him, a few inches from his face.
He rolls on his left hip, putting one knee under him to try and get on his feet, but the momentum instead of up goes forward, and he has to put his hands in front of him to stop himself from falling on his face. That's when he feels a hand grab under his armpit and green eyes' voice incredibly close to his head
“Don’t know what you’re talking about”
“What do you mean your fault?”
“You’re not real” he repeats, clenching his jaw.
“You happy? You son of a bitch?” he spats out and Cas just stares at him, confused
“Don’t you dare. Don’t you fucking dare say you’re sorry”.
"Maybe but it will help" Dean insists, his voice calm, and that made Cas even more nervous than when he shouted.
"Yeah Charlie, I'm fine... Just a headache..." he replies fast. No need to upset her. of course she didn't buy it.
They kept silent for a while. Cas felt nauseous and wasn't exactly in the mood for small talk. Black was pooling again around his vision when he hears a sniff. He swallows, trying to ignore it, but then he hears it again and again, so he forces himself once more to focus on the girl. Her eyes were glued on the road in front of them and tears were streaming down her cheeks. Cas furrows his eyebrows.
Dean reply is a nervous whisper. He clears his throat, trying to remember if a hunt had ever made him that nervous.
“We should listen to something…” he dares, hoping his voice was steady enough to pass as uncaring. Dean is leaning back, hands placed on his thighs
“What the hell?”
Dean’s voice is hard, the edges cut deep. Castiel has to swallow two times before he can get any kind of voice out of his sore throat
"Then what's that on your throat?"
“Thank you” he murmurs against the pillow.
Late for work again, this time while his boss is yelling his mind quickly derails on more important things, like why did Cas have to leave the apartment? Did Cas have a place to stay? And Why did Dean’s brain keep calling him Cas?
"Nice"
"Dont ask me" Dean replies, pointing at the bed where Cas was sitting, completely ignored by the two of them
That question took him by surprised and the trembling in the other man's voice forces Cas to look up. Dean was standing next to his bed, a slight tremor of his upper lip the only sign of distress. His green eyes were wide open and shiny, like he knew that if he had blinked tears would've started to fall. He looked so lost the angel instinctively grabs his wrist
Cas smiles bitterly and let her talk, hearing the words but only half listening. She slowly starts to relax, her eyes timidly meeting his once or twice, while she explains how angels were great and powerful warriors. Castiel doesn’t bother to correct her whenever she says something wrong, only making a guttural sound once in a while to show her he was listening.
“They didn’t say I couldn’t”
"Cas?" Dean called him again, and instinctively he tries to get up on his feet, only managing to push himself half way, heavily leaning against the wooden wall, turning blindly toward the voice, but when he is finally able to focus his eyes he realized Dean was not looking at him but behind him, one hand on his shoulder the other stretched out, uncertain. That's when shame clamp down on him. Dean was looking at his wings, for the first time Dean was looking at them and they looked like that. Panicking, he swiftly tries to pull them back inside his vessel. The wave of pain that rushed over him as he tried to move his right wing to retrieve it made his knees buckle and he crushes on the floor, the momentum cutting off his breath so that only a strangled sound come out of his throat.
"Hey sleeping beauty, wake up"
"I can explain to your supervisor why you missed work"
"Cas, I need to fix your wing..." he whispers, and Castiel feels him get up, staying still, his brain to fogged up to register the words. The mattress sunk right behind him, where Dean had place one of his knee, the other foot on the floor to steady himself but Castiel doesn’t move, not until he feel Dean's hand carefully getting a hold of his right wing.
“Listen Cas, before anything… About what you said…”
“Are you brothers?” she asks, placing her elbow on the desk and leaning forward, and he feels confident again. He knows how to answer that.
"Hold the doors!"
He turns around, bolting out ready to search the whole Camp, colliding again against the girl with brown eyes. This time she fell butt first onto the ground
"Dean I don't want you to touch my wings"
"I should probably rest..." the angel says, tentatively, sitting still on the bed.
He expected Dean to be angry, but that was a whole new level of furious. Cas stood still in the middle of Dean's barrack, surrounded by the men and women from the troupe, ignoring Richard smirk while he stood behind the righteous man, and trying to push in a corner of his mind the pain he felt. Dean didn't seem to care about his beaten-up appearance or the fact that he was bleeding. He paced back and forth, screaming at the top of his lungs
“Good luck, mate”.
“Also, on a side note… I realize it’s none of my business, but you look like a nice couple” his eyes stop on Dean, but his hands point at Cas “most of those scars could’ve been avoided by being a little more careful, maybe using a safe word, or just taking a little more care after”
"You gotta trust me here Cas" Dean adds and the angel nods. Of course he trusted him.
He squints his eyes
“Dean what are you talking about…”
"Sorry, I don't know him"
"I see the rest of the family is here" she chirps, looking at a clipboard
"No thanks"
“You guys work fast”
"It's... it's stupid..."
They drove silently for the first ten minutes, Cas eyes dropping from time to time on the girl, who sat rigidly, her thumbs fidgeting in her lap. She looked grey, almost on the verge of throwing up. Being that nervous was not going to do her any good, worse, it could get her killed. He rolls in his mind different questions, to make her talk and maybe distract her, until he decides to go with the easiest one.
"Will you let me finish, for once that I'm trying to be romantic? I love you".
But moments pass by an nothing changes, Dean pressed against his back, a solid, reassuring presence next to him, so he slowly dares to exhales. After what felt like an eternity even though it probably wasn’t Dean embrace relaxes, but he doesn’t pull back, only moves his forehead to rest from Cas’s neck to in between his shoulder blades, talking into his skin, his voice hoarse and barely audible
“Do you want the player?”
“I got mixed signals and thought a dude was into me. But he didn’t really appreciate the fact that I work on commission”
It took him all his self-control to keep his face straight
“Yeah…”
“The thing is, I still felt responsible, I thought I could speak with someone and get your apartment back. I don’t know why he called you and told you that. I’m not. I have a girlfriend.”
She nods once, then turns around and run.
"What Cas?"
"Is it safe to let her go with him?"
"I won't disappoint you" he insists looking back at him, staring at him like he used to do when he could still see his soul. Dean nods
That’s when the man had loosened up his arms, helping Cas to lie down on what he recognized as the bunker’s floor, Sam’s head floating somewhere on his right.
He looks again, but the person he wants to see is nowhere to be found and he his jaw clenches tight.
“I don’t know if you’re looking for a discount, but you’re barking at the wrong tree, can’t really afford that. I’m sure Fergus was able to give you a list of prices. If you’re looking for advice on who to choose, sorry buddy, I don’t personally know everyone in the business.”
“I’m sorry” he murmurs, something he’s now so used to say it comes out automatically, spilling from his chapped lips and onto the dusty floor.
" she almost shouts, before hanging up. Dean knows she will call him again in a couple of hours. But now he has a mission. Which mission he doesn't know.
He walks up all the way to their seat before realizing that they were now occupied by a very pregnant woman holding her right wrist and little boy. They smile up at him, clearly confused as why a man six feet tall was frozen next to them. The little boy perks up, smiling and jumping off his seat, the mother shifting his eyes from Dean's figure to the kid.
"Well you don't need powers to help people heal"
"Cas you awake?" Dean's voice came from somewhere over his head. He hums, confused. How did Dean get in his bed? Under the comforter? How did he not hear him move?
“Yeah”
The low familiar voice snapped him back to reality, and he turned to the door so fast his neck cracked
"What? It's true!" Joyce replies barely turning back to him, her eyes seemingly glued on Cas’s wings "The book says angel wings are small and white, like a dove's, his are HUGE! And they are black, but I can see green and blue hues when they move!"
Cas casts his eyes on the ground, flopping on one of the chairs. Dean cooks in silence, back stubbornly turned, handing him after a few minutes a plate with scrambled eggs and sizzling bacon.
"Stop doing that!" Sam repeats for the third time in the last ten minutes, swatting his brother’s hand away from the papillon.
The man sniffles, using a sleeve to dry up the tears running down his cheeks, a betrayed look heaving his green eyes
Dean nods, executing and then grabbing the fork, willing his hand to stop shaking.
“I needed to buy water”
"Not exactly how your book pictured them, right?" he asks, a soft, brittle laugh coming out of his throat.
“I’m gonna go do the thing now…”.
Dean swallows air, pulling at his tie, ready to just walk to the elevator and never look back, when from behind his neighbour appears a figure, a short, bald man intent in buttoning up his shirt, his eyes shifty, like he'd just done something he was not supposed to do. He quickly glances at Dean, completely ignoring the other man who was standing right beside him, then walks down the corridor and stops to wait for the elevator.
Dean smiles. The doctor politely smiles back, his hands clasped in front of him. Dean realizes that he’s waiting for him to continue and the word ‘boyfriend’ punches him in the back of his head. He can do that; he can say it again. It’s either that or being thrown outside for having lied to the front desk.
Dean waits, but his ginormous little brother doesn’t continue so he insists
"I already know what you like" he continued, the hand that was on his lower back sneakily running up to stroke the base of his wings.
He took a step towards the elevator then stopped, sniffing the air. A weird, pungent smell was permeating the corridor, seemingly coming from 6H. He decides to walk closer. Yes, it was definitely coming from there. A gas leak maybe.
A shiver runs down Cas' spine, his breath hitching in his throat
“I’m sorry wha-“ he stutters, but the man interrupts him again
Sam smiles, his voice soft and the pat on Cas’s shoulder hard
When he gets to the emergency room the place looks rather full, mostly occupied by drunken people who had too much of a good time, but even among the loud blabbering of inebriated men and women he recognises Castiel’s voice, booming enraged above the rest
He goes to move the duvet off his body and his hands meet the rough fabric of jeans, making him sit straight, wondering why he was still dressed.
"I'm talking about you!"
"Get up!"
Dean had felt so happy.
Dean takes another sip of his beer. Sam raises an eyebrow.
Then he looks him up and down, trying to assess the situation. Of course, his right wing and side were the bigger problems. But at a closer inspection he saw the green and blue bruises that were starting to appear on his chest and back and the bump that was starting to swell on his temple. He notices how he was grasping at the sheets with his left hand while the other remained still, the wrist looking a little swollen.
“Why are you running?” he asks, and Dean doesn’t look back, composing himself as much as someone under a raging storm could.
His eyes meet Dean's again then fall on the ground
Most of the men and women were already sitting on the back of Richard's truck. All beside the seventeen years old, who was looking uncertain trying to see if there was still a spot available. Cas walked up to her, smiling one of his gummy smile.
Dean knew very well that him almost pushing the man to lay on the couch with a blanket, insisting that he should stay at least for the night, had worked only because Castiel was still weak and probably a little off from the muscle relaxer.
They stayed silent for a while, Castiel's eyelids batting lazily, until Dean sighed
"He..."
"I... I don't know... He seems a little off" Dean finally admits, catching himself trying to imagine where that man could possibly hide a cell phone if the only clothes he seemed to wear were too tight to have pockets. His brain raced to the black-haired man slender form, recalling way too many details before he could stop it, so he took another long sip to try and remedy to his suddenly dry throat. Charlie doesn’t back down
"Yeah but you weren't..." Dean's eyes trailed off in the distance and Cas follows them to the table behind him, where is blunt was still burning.
When he finally unlocks his car he’s wheezing, sweating, and eleven minutes late for work. He sits in his car, and his brain shortcircuts: that was not the blonde he'd seen the night before.
"It's not mine. I ate while walking back to the emergency room". Castiel cocks his head again so he adds "I know you said you didn't want anything, I just felt bad buying only for me"
When he pulls back he drowns into a terrified stare that makes his heart feel like it’s getting squeezed by a giant hand.
The moment Dean steps out blue eyes are on him.
"Absolutely nothing" he purrs after one last look at the young boys and girls.
"So?!" Dean yelled again, and Cas gave up. Defending his choices was useless. In that moment he just wanted to be alone, and he couldn't be if he started to argue.
He walks quietly to Sam’s room, his heart sinking into his belly while passing in front of Dean’s, knocking gently on the door
"You do your job and mind your business!"
He pusheshimself up in a sitting position with a grunt
Richard had instructed her, pointing at where the road intersected with the main street, before moving out, and as relieved as Cas was that she wasn't going to be in the line of fire the thought of her being alone was not reassuring.
“Are you cold?”
"Wha- What?" Dean stutters, and suddenly Castiel is very aware of his green eyes following his every move.
The mattress sunk on each side of his head, and he felt Dean warm breath on his earlobe
"You mean it's not the first time you have those?" Dean inquires, and Cas could almost hear the brow being raised.
His lip wasn’t bleeding anymore, and his face was back to a normal size, but his eye was still blue and violet, dark shadows hanging low under both of them.
“What’s that gibberish?” Dean clarifies, pointing with his beer to the old radio sitting on the map table. They’d found it in one of the many rooms of the bunker, half broken, together with some other pieces of junk. Dean had insisted on fixing it, working with his hands was something that calmed him. Yes, he and Cas had gotten over their last fight – he still firmly believed he was right, killing Billie was gonna bite them in the ass eventually – but the truce was still a work in progress, he and the angel merely avoided openly shouting at each other, concentrating their efforts more on broody stares and annoyed glances.
"Oh..."
"She's pregnant" Castiel deadpans.
Castiel scrolls down. For his family he was already going to hell – as his father had screamed at him, the last time they spoke, five years before, when Gabriel – the only member he still kept contact with, had tried to make them patch things up, so no need to get into Satan’s lap sooner than expected.
“You kicked him out of his apartment three days ago!”
“Absolutely”
"Sir with all due respect..."
Castiel doesn’t reply. He can’t, there’s a rock lodged in his throat and his voice won’t come out, the tears swelling up again. He feels Dean move and his eyes burn a hole in the back of his head.
Dean recoil. She opens a bag noteless, munching on a few before sitting on the couch
"I know damn it! But it's the first time I missed an appointment, can't he cut me some slack. Yes it was because of an emergency!"
Dean whole body catches on fire and the light bulb explodes, blurting out a strangled "What?!"
"Oh... I’m... I'm sorry I just thought... Well, it looked..." Sam eyes were looking everywhere but at him, one of his hand nervously pushing his hair back. It's fun to watch, but Castiel decides to put him out of his misery.
“What did your friend mean before, about freelancing?”
Dean woke up startled by his phone buzzing on his ribcage, answering it before even opening his eyes.
“I am not judging, I am familiar with the Dom-Sub dynamic myself, but it becomes a problem when one gets injured. The scar on his collarbone, for example, could’ve been avoided buy disinfecting it immediately”
Dean feels his gut twist at Castiel’s ‘just my neighbour’, but he doesn’t have time to brew on it, Fergus words catching his attention
Castiel cringes at his own short message. Then goes on and read Impala69 reply
"Why did you got up?" he scolds, trying to keep his tone public place appropriate, when finally Castiel pushes back and starts to lean on the wall again, letting him go.
The angel shook his head once.
Breathing becomes suddenly hard and Dean’s chokes on air. He shifts sideways on the seat, sputtering. It takes him a couple of seconds to calm down and when he does he shakes his head as hard as he can, straightening his back again
“Oh don’t ‘Dean’ at me. I gave you space, you couldn’t leave it at that?”
After staring at it for a moment her lips twitch
"Yes..." the angel replies, feeling the warmth coming out of Dean's body and wanting nothing more than to lean in it.
“It’s ok, man, don’t need to talk about it” had been Dean’s words, glue-y, wet, delivered with trembling lips and a shaky pat on his shoulder, before he got up and put some distance between them, busying himself with cleaning a bowl full of something – probably what was used for the spell.
"Charlie?" he finally grunts, pressing a hand on his forehead, trying to rub his headache away.
"Cas what I meant..."
"What...?" he replies, trying to slip back into consciousness
Castiel goes stiff for a moment, before a languid smirk appears on his lips.
you comes one, trying to push the tears back in. He doesn’t like it, his heart misses a beat every time the words ‘leave you’ reverberate in his chest, sinking in with each deep stroke of the guitar. It’s difficult, to listen to it this time, more than ever, but he pushes through, swallowing hard when it skips to
“What?” he barks back, a little bit of anger back in his tone and that spurs Cas on, cancelling for a moment his guilt
He finds the angel in the kitchen, and like Dean was excepting him to do he got up as soon as Dean walked in, glancing shortly at him. Dean rolls his eyes at the angel dramatic ass, calling him out
"Kid you should go now"
Grabbing his keys he dawdles to the elevator with the intention of going for a drive and maybe find a coffee shop to spend the morning in, as far as he could from his building.
she insists, almost as he could see him through the speakers,
But that morning his brain was struggling to connect, and Dean acts before it can even turn on.
Dean rolls his eyes. He kind of wished Sam would leave him alone with the rest of the cake... It wasn't pie but still.
Castiel’s expression softens and again Dean is faced with the man that was standing beside his hospital bed.
Cas stops breathing, afraid he could miss something. But the record scratches, a faint ‘
"It's ok... I'm sure it won't take long…"
"Totally" he grunts, trying again to sit but failing, and he doesn't hit his head merely because Dean's hand shoots to catch it in time.
"I.."
Dean’s brain was fizzing.
Dean insists.
It was a stupid question, since the man was opening the front door and putting his shoes back on – that he had left near the door when Dean asked him the night before, without question.
Castiel doesn’t let him finish, closing the space between them with just two steps and staring down at him. The man instinctively tenses up, Castiel could see the muscles in the man’s neck bulge as he tried to resist the urge to back down, obviously unsure of what to do with Castiel so close in his personal space.
"Just a friend?" John tone was calm, collected, and somehow even more terrifying than when he was screaming.
"Well... the drugs have to stop. I will help you" Dean declares after a few seconds, and Cas involuntarily smiles
When Cas doesn’t answer he leans forward, ready to start a fight, but finally the angel pulls out what he was hiding in the bag, setting a beautifully laminated apple pie on the table together with a match box.
“You told the doctor you smoke weed?”
Castiel stares at the screen - another thing he does in real life, that apparently made people uncomfortable, but in the comfort of his bedroom he forgets that it’s not polite and just tilts his head, until tree dots appear again. After a solid minute they get replace by a message.
He sighs, looking around, when his eyes land on something familiar. A convenience store. He recognizes the name, but it takes him a couple of seconds to remember from where. Castiel's vest. He wondered if the man was working in that moment. He hadn't really had a chance to thank him. Hadn't he taken Dean to the hospital he would've probably choked on his own vomit.
"No problem. Now I really have to go"
Castiel's voice is low but somehow different from usual, so much that Dean feels the need to look up. His Cheshire cat smile is gone, his eyes were not traveling up and down Dean's body as they usually did but were locked on his face, studying him. Dean notices how he'd moved the hand holding the joint away from the corridor and inside the apartment so that the thin trail of smoke did not get to him. It takes Dean more than it was supposed to be necessary to answer
He picks it up, rolling it around, his eyes following Dean’s handwriting. He never had the opportunity to listen to it, not all of it at least. Something always came up. A hunt, God, Jack asking him to play some board games.
You’re gonna come back with us to
In the distance we see Sam and Dean showing the badges to some cops who let them pass. They head towards the boy.
Lucifer snaps his fingers and a girl appears, he has a smile on his face, he is very satisfied.
Rowena.
EILEEN
Written by
CROWLEY
kill me.. we’ll kill each other, okay? You pick.
Gabriel is on his knees.
And having a beer in the morning works
You don’t have to say
Chuck is getting up in the meantime, he passes a hand on his clothes to clean them, then points his eyes directly to the angels in front of him: Castiel and Gabriel. Chuck laughs.
he summoned the Empty, it took her and-
Dean who’s been hiding for too long, now.
We will find a way to save the demons and
Ruby.
The lady sits in the armchair in front of them.
No body, no demon, nothing.
Sam concludes the message and turns off the phone. Dean approaches and hands him one of the beer, then he leans on the table.
well.. a little door opened and I just
ZACHARIAH
Putting everybody back was the first step.
I’m tired. I think I’ll call it a day.
You know.. you were right.
Sam doesn’t have time to answer, Ruby throws herself back into the battle. Balthazar is fighting, we also see Anna, Zachariah and Abaddon, all of them fighting monsters. They kill some of them. Anna puts her hand in the forehead of a monster and kills him. Gadreel and Samandriel are the closest to Chuck. Everyone tries to get close to him. Rowena watches four leviathans approaching her. She became a demon when she died, but she still remembers all her spells. She runs to the bowl that Sam and Dean first used to call Chuck. She kneels down and sets the bowl that was upside down. She puts some dirt in it. The house where Jack was born is destroyed, after the demons dismantled it piece by piece to weaken Chuck, throwing nails and material against him. Rowena walks up to a piece of glass from a broken window and cuts off her hand, she squeezes her hand and blood falls into the bowl. All this happens very quickly as the leviathans approach. She lights a match and throws it into the bowl. Then she reaches out her arms to the leviathans and very quickly makes her hands clap with each other.
Oh, it was a gift from our favorite angel.
INT. BUNKER - LATE AFTERNOON
world that are not so normal. I’m talking
Why haven’t you answered my calls?
Dean’s voice breaks at the end of the sentence. He’s trying not to cry.
Empty. I don’t know what’s next.. Castiel?
Why do you care, Sam? They’re just demons.
Why are you talking about that, Sam?
Sam comes in the main room with Chuck’s book.
you’ll have the power to take us
This is us saving your asses.
Dean starts walking, he passes Sam who is still sitting on the chair, he steps down to the room with the big table and we see him leaving the room, we don’t know where he goes. Sam’s alone now, hands on his face, he is tired of everything that’s going on.
Lucifer begins to walk back and forth during his speech, Dean goes down the stairs and flanks Sam.
my happiness, about giving it a shot.
Ruby goes down to get the angel blade from the leviathan’s body, then comes back up.
Before- before he- you know, he
willing to kill me? You and- of course, Sam
was the only one who could’ve talked
I’m open to any advice.
CHUCK
LUCIFER
Dean doesn’t sit, everybody looks at him.
It was supposed to be a round  trip,
Why are you helping us?
LUCIFER
Jack absorbed it all and made him-
I didn’t believe in a damn thing before
Yeah.. that was our plan.
Okay, be honest with me, please.
from getting treated by Dean?
(laughs again)
See, that’s not who I am. That’s not
Yeah, well.. at least it’s open.
Everyone approaches their own beer bottle and when they touch "Carry On Wayward Son" begins. Dean sits on his chair, everybody is smiling, they’re drinking and laughing, there’s a close-up of all of them, then after the first 15 seconds of the song we go back to the start.
I’ll come here when I can, if you
Haven’t seen him yet.
LUCIFER
The hellhounds attack Abaddon who falls to the ground and screams. Then Crowley turns to her again.
Eh, what the heck.
and a lot of demons would pay to make a
worked very well in the past for you and-
Lucifer is in the library, he looks around, he has the face of someone who would like to smash everything for fun. He walks and scrutinizes all the objects, all the books, his arms crossed behind his back, then he stops walking.
Everybooody wake up, if you can
Micheal looks at Dean.
Dean, I’m doing this. You can’t stop me.
I know how to send you back to sleep.
you dead more than anything. You died but
What is this?
Sam, Eileen, Cas and Dean enter the bunker by the armored door (in this order). Dean closes the door behind him. They climb down the stairs. Sam places the bag, which he carried on his shoulder, on the table (the one with their initials).
Eileen shakes her head as she speaks. Sam smiles at her. She hugs him and he hugs her back and closes his eyes too.
Sam looks down, inside himself he knew that for years, even if Cas never talked to him about that, Sam knew about his feelings for Dean, he had noticed by the way Cas looked at Dean, by the way he responded when Dean called, the way he reacted when Dean walked into his same room, the way he smiled when Dean smiled.
Like if someone possessed you?
(he pauses)
Dean notices other bloodstains left on the asphalt, one of them is a trail, with the torch following it until it stops. The trail no longer continues, the blood disappears. There is no trace further on.
Sam’s hoping for a positive answer inside.
Please, find my boy.
EILEEN
but it seems nothing changed for you. Dean,
LUCIFER
in the past) Why are they all back?
What kind of an ending is this?
you can step in.
Sam is always sympathetic, he still doesn’t understand how Cas summoned the Empty. Dean has completely stopped talking, his jaw is closed while he watches the road in front of him. All they hear is the sound of Baby’s engine running down the street, a sound that on this occasion becomes almost deafening. Dean knows he’s never gonna be ready to talk about it, but maybe he can share his pain with his brother. He takes a deep breath and then starts talking again.
The scene opens with a close-up on a guy lying on the ground with his eyes closed. A beam of light enters through the window. The place is abandoned, the walls and the floor are gray and full of dust and there are some broken furniture. The boy starts to wake up. He does, sits down and touches his head that hurts, his hand is stained with blood, there’s even a stain on the floor, maybe he hit his head. He’s terrified. He looks around to see if he’s alone and instantly there’s a black screen.
Dean opens the fridge, takes some beers and gives some to Sam.
son’s disappearance?
Dean, you’re my brother and I care about you.
"What...?"
“90 cents”
Castiel chuckles. Yes, he was talking from experience. He'd lost count of how many times a client had been a little too rough or he'd drunk a little too much. The moments right after waking up without knowing the time or place, usually covered in his own vomit, were not the best. Beside he couldn't have left green eyes alone, not after seeing how much he was shaking, struggling to stand up by himself, or the way he'd flinched after throwing up on him, almost as he was expecting to be scolded for being sick. After having had the pleasure to meet his father, Castiel didn't have any problem at imagining that that could actually have happened.
“Mr. Shurley, you should’ve told me your boyfriend was with you!” the man says cheerfully, eyes fortunately busy scanning the x-ray he had slid out of the envelope, because Dean blushes hard under Castiel’s scrutinizing look, his lips parted to say something, probably ask what he was doing there.
The doors open and he steps in, turning around in time to see Castiel stop dead in the corridor, blue eyes shifting, clearly waiting for the doors to close and avoid having to share the ride.
Dean chokes on his beer, but she just continues, apparently unaware of his reaction
"Pain is not the problem"
Dean felt overwhelmed, so of course he ruffled his feathers
The angel had gone still, and as the minutes went by and he didn't reply Dean had started to freak out, afraid he’d ruined it, whatever they were he’d ruined it, and pushing himself up to look at Cas his mind was already thinking about five ways to pass his words as a joke, but all his excuses had died in his throat. Cas looked possibly ecstatic, his eyes shiny and moist.
After paying, Dean walks out of the shop as fast as he can, with the intention of never getting back in there again. Charlie was waiting for him, sitting next to his door.
Maybe he’d been already riled up before the game. Maybe it was because it wasn’t face to face with the person. His fingers move fast on the keyboard, faster than his brain can process
"There, you can't see it so it's not there. I'm sure they'll take it out soon, just try and not think about it too much" he says once finished, looking back at Dean and smiling reassuringly, not a single spark of mock in his eyes.
The rest of the day did not pass as fast as Dean had hope. He had to go through his father third degree about his job - he was smart enough to avoid talking about the problems he was having – that lasted for the whole meal, interrupted every once in a while by a "if you went to collage like Sam" or a "maybe Sam could give you some help". John then passed on to inquiring about why things between him and his girlfriend were going so slow - "Sam's younger than you and already has a family, when are you going to settle down?", "maybe if you kept your hair shorter she would take you more seriously" - and when finally, at four o'clock, he was dragging his feet up to the elevator. He was physically and mentally strained. His nausea and the pulling sensation at his side were worse than ever, and his head spun so much he was dangerously close to fall with every step he took. He wasn't even sure how he'd managed to drive home.
Castiel nods, knowing it wasn't going to happen, turning around and walking out in the cold night. Maybe it was better if he stopped the game now. He had his fun, but it was better if he kept his distance from green eyes from that day onward, he had one strike under his belt and couldn't get another. Nothing good would come up for either of them if they kept bumping into each other.
He finishes his job, getting on his feet and helping Castiel to sit back up again, one of his hand grabbing his arm, pulling gently, the other behind, pushing him, and he doesn’t miss how Cas stiffens when he places it on his back, right below the base of his wings.
"You don't have to do that" he replies, looking at the hand that he was offering.
"What?" Dean asks, turning at him surprised, and somehow annoyed, and Cas winces grabbing his head with his left hand. He'd almost forgot that he had a headache, and his head pounded painfully when Joyce took advantage of Dean's distraction to walk past him, asking a little too close to the angel ears "How do you feel?"
The next time Dean had stepped closer, a worried look on his face, reaching for him, kissing him slowly, until Castiel had felt the angel blade go through his stomach, pain shooting through his whole body. Dean had stepped back again, a smile turning his lips, his green eyes turning black in a blink.
" Castiel Shurley"
“I’m fine” is Castiel’s curt answer, but he’s too worried to care
"Can you walk?" the offended look is immediately replaced by worry. Castiel can only nod, moving to the car and sliding into the passenger seat, a warm hand resting on the small of his back to guide him until he's fully seated. His door closes and after seconds the driver's opens. Dean gets in and fastens his seatbelt, turning to stare at him expectantly.
"Yes Dean. I won't disappoint you." he assures, ducking his head and walking out, feeling Dean’s eyes burn a hole in his back.
"Yeah, totally"
Heat rushed over Cas' whole body. He backed up enough for him to being to look Dean in the eyes, his heart beating furiously in his chest
"Either you stop pretending to sleep or I'll kiss you, you decide"
"So, by virtue of the authority vested in me I now pronounce you husband and husband. You can kiss" Donna finally declared, grinning from ear to ear.
is soothing, calming, and Cas closes his eyes again, his head lulling a little on the pillow, and he stirs back only when
Dean felt a rock lodge in his throat. He'd promised himself he wasn't gonna cry but he was getting close to it, he could feel his eyes burning. He licks his lips.
"It was my fault!"
Sam walks away, giving him a quick pat on his back, but Castiel doesn’t turn. There’s just darkness around him, he knows that.
“Why complicate it and go after someone that can beat you, you could’ve flirted with a woman”
"Oh... that was about the shelf, that thing is so precarious it has already fallen on me twice... sooner or later he's gonna get a lawsuit" the man explains, his voice flat, practical. There is no honey, no teasing. Not even the worried care Dean had heard the evening before - not that he wanted the man to care, of course not, although, Dean admits before he can stop his own thoughts, it did sound nice. He briefly looks up before lowering his eyes and his voice.
"Right I... I will come to visit tomorrow if that's ok"
"Dean it's not like that"
Dean woke up to the sound of his alarm going off. It was dark in his room, darker than usual, normally the light from the living room would stream into the bedroom through the open door.
But before he could go far he collides with someone and looking down he sees two big brown eyes staring back at him. He recognized the girl; she had come back with Cas. He remembers thinking how odd that was. Mumbling a generic sorry he walks around her, but stops when she grabs his sleeve
“Yes Cas, I am real. We are real, remember? We are.”
"Thank you dear!" the woman chirps, patting once his arm with a wrinkled hand while the dog sitting in her purse snaps his miniaturized jaws at him.
Cas talked while watching his thumb rub against the back of Dean's fist
Dean gives him the money, still avoiding looking up, but daring to ask
Dean stands silently. His brain seemed to have logged off for the day, the blue eyes were staring down in his own like they could see past them and into his soul, is blood pumping in all directions but the one he really needed, his head. He finally rebooted when the man in front of him flexed one harm, bringing a joint to his still stretched out lips. Apparently, his eyes came back to life too.
"I... I'm just looking around"
"Because it's what is left... From Jack birthday party, that you missed" Dean snorts, daring to look up. Cas looked tired. He had been for the past few month, but Dean hadn't had the courage to ask him what was wrong.
’ coming from afar. Then silence.
Dean sighs, roughly rubbing his jaw, letting his hands swing uncomfortably at his side, and for just a second Cas enjoys his discomfort, feeling guilty immediately after. It wasn’t Dean’s fault. It was his decision to rebel, to give up everything he had, everything he was, to help them stop the apocalypse, still Dean blamed himself. Castiel had decided not to tell Dean, that he still had grace left. He did not want to burden him, to have him keep the secret from the others.
"You did great Cas, it's over" Dean whispers behind him, his breath tickling the back of his sweaty neck. Castiel could feel him shake against his back and wanted to say something to thank him or reassure him but his voice got stuck in his throat when Dean started to run his fingers on the outline of his right wing, certainly in what he thought was supposed to be a calming gesture. Cas stiffens, whimpering at the pleasure that Dean's fingers were giving him, now a lot stronger than the pain as he got closer to where the wing sprouted, hoping the other men wouldn’t notice the sounds he was making. But he did.
“Minimum wage doesn’t do well with paid leaves. Kinda need the money”
"Wait back up! What's that supposed to mean? If you run out of mojo you die?"
