Content Notes: This is the big one, team! This chapter is almost 10,000 words, and a huge portion of that is sex. But it is, as someone once described most of my smut, sex-with-feels, and in this case pretty important feels that are directly tied to the major plotty developments at the end. Because of that it'll be nearly impossible to skip around the sex, but if you want to try, skip to the very last section break and start reading from there.
It was frightening, and entirely unfair, how quickly Sam could switch gears from goofy pal to terrifyingly insightful former therapist. Had he not just been in the middle of a fight over the remote control?
“Excuse me?” Steve sat up, hazy pleasure rapidly evaporating from his features, to be replaced by a cautious kind of excitement that made him look years younger.
“So if I re-write those sections—” he started to offer, desire to escape warring with the equally strong urge to stay and find out exactly what Phil was capable of.
May had heard what the team had said about the need to get carbs and fats into Peter’s overactive metabolism, she really had. But at the lowest points, the kid had barely eaten anything, so it still felt like a victory to bring the cake, still on its tray, out to the living room and watch the childish glee on Peter’s face as she cut into it and watched a cascade of Reese’s Pieces fall from the center.
“Even if I wanted to ‘get off my ass’” Natasha’s imitation of Steve was not a kind one, “there’s nowhere to go. I’m not running or involved in any active ops at SHIELD, all is quiet on the Avengers front, and did I mention I don’t feel like it?” There was murmured agreement from several other members of the team, including Bucky who had been Steve’s ally and defender these past couple of days. Alright then, it was time to take action.
He’d never much gone in for baths before. And he still could anticipate wishing to be brought down harder and faster on another day, when he wanted something like the surge of excited fear that Clint’s approach had provoked, for instance. This week, though, had felt endlessly taxing, full of press and corporate dramas and so many aspects of life that had become suddenly, traumatically irrelevant in his own universe. He experienced Natasha’s soft cloth and gentle hands methodically scrubbing every inch of his skin with the same relief that he'd felt removing Mark II’s clothes, only
“Well, I’m back.” Everyone in the room laughed, or rather they made that empty, hollow noise that was supposed to be laughter in near unison. (And of course, he was positive none of them even got the reference.)  “I won’t keep everyone for long today. I know it’s been a…trying week. Hell, I’m still remembering which way all the doors in this place open. But I do want to make one thing imminently clear: It’s a rare and odd feeling to bear witness to your own legacy. It’s not an opportunity many people get. And I am nothing but proud and grateful for how well you all have kept Stark Industries running in my absence. You’ve stayed true to our vision and our mission; you’ve continued to prioritize keeping the world clean, safe, and accessible over taking the easier and immediately profitable path. You’ve faced intense pressure, made decisions that must have been agonizing in the moment, and found yourselves more than equal to the challenges in front of you. I know not all of us have seen eye to eye in the past, but I want to truly and genuinely thank you for all that you’ve done over the past couple of years.”
Instead of wearing off, it had turned into some kind of competition amongst the team, with the person Tony chose to receive the pictures each day bragging to the others, while the rest vied in increasingly ridiculous (and, alright, kind of adorable) ways to be chosen to receive his texts the following day.
“That’s not surprising. I reviewed every public statement you’ve ever made about Tony Stark before we met, and do you know that you’ve never actually used the words dead or died in any of them?” He blinked, opened his mouth to refute the claim because that just couldn’t be right, could it? “It’s all been euphemisms—gone and lost, usually. You weren’t in denial enough to be totally disconnected from reality, but your mind definitely worked overtime to protect you from encountering the totality of what happened.”
“Well, the best Bruce can figure is that spider physiology does not like Asgardian liquor. There’s some kind of study he cited where spiders exposed to regular booze were something like 19 percent less effective at simple tasks like forming webs…”
“I’ve been a fan of the Black Widow for many years. It’s not every day I get passed a note from her.”
because it was a good bet that he might need one at any given moment. So he stayed right where he was and let Dummy look his fill. Eventually, the bot’s focus seemed to settle on Tony’s chest, and he reached his arm out, much more slowly and cautiously this time, to rest lightly atop the arc reactor. “Is it different from his? I guess that would make sense. I don’t really need mine anymore, it’s mainly just a housing unit for nanoparticles.” Dummy’s arm didn’t move. When Tony shifted experimentally in the bed, the arm remained planted, unmoving. (Oh. Oh. Dummy didn’t care about the tech. To Dummy, familiar only with the older models, the glow of the arc was proof of life.) “Aww buddy. Yeah, I’m alright, I promise. But it’s been a long, I don’t know, decade, and I could really use some coffee. Can we continue this in the kitchen?”
“No glamping necessary. I did bring reinforcements, though,” Steve held up the bags of take-out, “and if you’re okay with turning that off, I thought maybe we could watch a movie or something. Start getting to know each other—just as friends—before we have to try to convince people we’re a hell of a lot more than that."
“Okay, as much as I am deeply impressed by the number of ways you can find to call Tony hot without actually
“Pepper, Pep-in-my-step, Pepperony to my pizza—” She made that kind of laugh/sob sound that it seemed to be Tony’s lot in life to draw from her these days. (Would he ever be able to make any of them uncomplicatedly happy, or would Mark II’s absence always linger between them, an invisible but weighty shadow?)
“I intended to make a point just now, and I do think we have a lot of work to do with your ability to accept praise outside of headspace. But I did not intend to cause you active distress. I apologize for underestimating the depth of the issue, and again, I’m very proud that you used your safeword to communicate your discomfort with me. Thank you.”
“Not…not the worst idea, though I admittedly lose a lot of my appeal as a date if I can’t really spend money during the wooing part.” No one laughed. They all did that thing where they looked kind of sad and mad, and then awkwardly tried to conceal both those responses from Tony. He’d learned that usually meant they were pissed at their counterparts in his universe, and he still hadn’t decided how he felt about that.
The only thing that kept him going were the nights he spent with Rhodey. At first he hid out on Rhodey’s floor mainly because it was the one place he could avoid the team (especially Steve, who seemed to be cluing in to the fact that Tony was not himself) and not have to put on any kind of act. Sure, he had to endure Rhodey’s relentless harassment about when exactly he planned to read the team in to these latest developments, but it was worth it.
Arriving in Malibu separately from Tony and Rhodes had been a key part of a larger effort to keep the location of their vacation a secret. The press was just as rabid for information about the team, and especially sightings of Tony, as Steve had anticipated, but they’d been successfully tricked into following an SI jet populated by SHIELD agents sporting the best of the agency’s masking technologies. By all accounts, most of those reporters were still stumbling around Portugal; the Portuguese government had been delighted to help keep up the ruse as long as possible, shutting down key cultural sites for brief blocks for non-existent visits and keeping up a small military presence around several fancy hotels in exchange for Tony’s promised consolation on several ongoing technical projects. Rhodes had then departed Avengers Tower the next day seemingly alone, accompanied by Tony (whose Bleeding Edge armour, Steve had been delighted to learn, included a stealth mode.)
After that bit of awkwardness, no one else seemed to want to touch Tony, but they all made sure to greet him (so that he knew they were still all on speaking terms, he supposed.) Several of them offered he and Rhodey food, which they both declined, though Rhodey did accept Phil’s offer of a beer. He assigned Tony water without asking, which was probably for the best given that the emotional hangover of the night prior was punishing enough. Finally, with all the niceties exhausted, Tony threw one last, longing look at the elevator.
“So, what then? There’ll be homework, I’m assuming? Someone will compile everything I need to know about how things work here, what’ll be expected of me?” Pepper nodded, already pulling out a StarkPhone and tapping rapidly.
“JARVIS, ETA on Tony please?” There was a pause, far longer than JARVIS usually took to confer with other members of the team.
Tony had exactly zero pithy remarks to make in response to that rather radical declaration. Bucky had a way of making statements that would have sounded overemotional or dramatic on anyone else seem completely matter of fact, and it threw off all Tony’s usual defenses. So instead he pulled Barnes back against him and nuzzled at his neck, which somehow turned into a kind of cuddle/tickle war that woke Steve when he and Bucky crashed into the coffee table.
Before a bemused and terrified Steve could attempt to muster anything near his Dominant headspace, Phil was handing the balls over to him—not one by one by one but all together in a cool and surprisingly heavy heap. Steve stared down at them clanging together in his hands, unable to comprehend what was being asked of him.
They had been at this for hours. First had been the incessant quizzing about the details of Mark II’s life most likely to come up even in passing, and which would be too much of a red flag if messed up: when he and Steve (and the rest of the team, though everyone had warned him that the press habitually left the rest of their partners out) had gotten together, the Avenger’s most famous missions, that kind of thing. Tony had been doing his homework over the weekend, and answered almost everything with perfect accuracy.
Tony sputtered unintelligibly for several seconds. Drama retaliated for her creator’s disquiet by stealing the tea spoon from the table, which oddly enough did seem to give Tony back his ability to speak in (mostly) full sentences.
Thor arrived in the penthouse with his usual (well, pre-destruction-of-Asgard-and-loss-of-his-eye-and-slaughter-of-half-his-people-including-his-brother-and-best-friend usual) puppyish grin. And a bulk-sized case of Jolly Ranchers, which he confided fearing that Tony had not experienced in the other universe.
“I don’t know. I was locked in the Damage Control Deep Storage Vault for like half an hour once.” MJ did that squinting thing that indicated she was deeply unimpressed. “It felt a lot longer! What if it starts to feel claustrophobic? Or like, cold?”
Clint was benched while his ankle healed. He was short and downright nasty on occasion with anyone unlucky enough to cross his path. That, at least, seemed like it might be under control soon; after Clint had barked at Bruce of all people over making too much noise at breakfast that morning, Natasha and Phil had exchanged significant looks and then taken off after him. None of them had been seen since. The bigger problem, though, was Steve. He refused to leave his floor. He permitted members of the team (except Tony, Tony had somehow become persona non grata as far as Steve was concerned) down to see him for short spells, but they always emerged frustrated, tired and alone. Overall, it felt like all of the joy that had started to seep back into the Tower over the past several weeks had vanished, replaced with a bitter hopelessness that felt like it belonged far more to Tony’s universe than to this one.
“Are you alright? It’s been a long time for you to not really go down much, especially following on such an intense togetherness during your vacation. If you need some time with your Dominants I won’t be upset. I can work from my own place for a while, or—”
Every simple action on either of their parts caused the exhilarated thrumming of Tony’s system to intensity tenfold. By the time Steve was fucking him, helping Tony ride his cock by physically lifting him up and down on it (Tony was never going to snark on super soldier strength again holy fuck he wasn’t he wasn’t), they didn’t even need anything so base as language. Words would have gotten in the way of how Tony’s entire system seemed to have rewired itself to predict just what would make Steve gasp and thrash and surge with Dominance so intense that it should have been terrifying.
“This is not a punishment, Tony,” Bruce said from behind him. Tony pictured Bruce standing there, flogger in hand, relying on the very last of his self-control to get through his spiel, and shivered again. “It should be intense, especially after that very thorough warm-up—”
Steve forced his fingers to relax.  As the fabric slipped through his fingers, it took a remarkable amount of self-control to keep from grabbing it again.  “I don’t know,” he gritted out.  “Nearly kill yourself?”  Tony blinked at him, so obviously confused that Steve just sighed.  “You could’ve fallen?”
Tony paused, his head tipping to the side. “It’s fine,” he repeated, and there was a faint note to the words, like he was humoring Steve, that should’ve been infuriating.
“The department issues Colts now,” Steve said, returning it to his holster.  “But I know this one, and it's never failed me.  It's....”  Comforting.  Which was a bad word to assign to a weapon, and he knew it.  A gun could become a crutch, far too easily.  He knew men whose first, last and only response was to pull the trigger, no matter what the situation, and he couldn't imagine anything worse.
Sam's eyebrows arched, just a slight flicker of movement.  “Ask your boy out?” he said, and just like that, it was fine.  Everything was fine.
Clint nodded, even as he shoveled food onto his plate, piling potatoes onto eggs and pancakes.  “How come you don’t have to wear a costume?” he asked, grabbing a sausage.
“Right, with what?” he ducked around her, taking a step onto the stairs.  He preferred not to linger on the stone floor of the basement.  It made his chest ache.
One more step, then two, and Tony stopped, confusion sweeping over him.  He turned back, his eyes darting over the lobby.  There were a few members of the staff behind the desk, and a doorman at the door, holding it open for a group of drunken revelers.  A tall, dark skinned man was seated in a chair, having an intense conversation on his phone.  A couple dressed in evening clothes were at the front desk, arm in arm, pressed closed together.  A woman in a cocktail dress waited, her attention on the elevators.
He grinned, boosting himself up to sit next to her. She leaned her head against his shoulder. “You loved that shirt.”
“I'm sure I'll eventually move to a house where it doesn't fit the décor,” Jan said.  “But in the meantime, don't worry, I had the Metropolitan Museum make me one of those little white placards they put on their exhibits, and I mounted it right next to the vase.  'From the Collection of Anthony Stark.'
Callie shrunk back behind Clint, her shaking fingers scrambling against his vest, trying to get a grip.  Clint patted her hand, letting her hold on.  “Don't worry.  He's a grump, but he's a good guy,” he said.  “Just don't lend him money.”
“Right.  So not that bad.”  Tony flexed his fingers, and his toes, making sure everything worked.  “What happened?”
Ellen squinted down at her phone, her other arm wrapped around her bag. She hipchecked the front door of the lobby open, ducking around a few guys from the financial pages and nodding at John the security guy. He waved back.
DJ’s mouth worked, and he looked up at Steve.  “Too much noise,” he said.  His throat worked.  “Want to go.  Away.”
“His housekeeper was retiring, he said.  Mrs. Arbogast had been housekeeper here since he was a child, and she was done with the job.  And he was offering it to me.”  Mrs. Parker paused.  “He was talking to me, but he was watching Peter, the whole time.  I think-”
“Why, exactly, were you after her?” Steve asked, before either of them could get themselves into more trouble.  “What's your interest in-”
“And if I were to do so, I would be failing in my duty to you,” Jarvis said.  He turned on his heel, the movement brisk and efficient, to collect Tony's jacket from the hanger. “Which is, of course, utterly unthinkable.”
Isaiah shrugged.  “Knew it?  I was counting on it.”  His eyebrows arched.  “If I wanted calm and cheerful, I’ve got two dozen or so board members who pride themselves on being proper, polite citizens, who find open debate distasteful and would certainly not dream of making a spectacle of themselves.”
“Depends,” he said, even as he steered Callie towards the nearest wall, where he could give them both a measure of protection.  “How much trouble am I in?”
Steve, leaning against the wall on the far side of the hall, tried to ignore the way his chest ached when she leaned over, pressing a soft kiss to his forehead, and smoothing his hair down to cover it.  DJ's eyes flicked around the room, stopping when he spotted Steve.  Steve smiled at him, and DJ smiled back.
She'd caught only the barest glimpse of movement, out of the corner of her eye, but she had instincts by now.  Instincts for small people who shouldn't be playing around large, dangerous pieces of equipment without supervision.  No matter what their father said.
“It certainly is,” Pepper said.  She set her purse next to her on the bar and pulled out her phone.  “What about Steve?”
"Yes, there is, he likes it here, and yes, it seems like that's the sort of thing you'd remember, but he's, there's a thing on him, Stephen Strange did something, I still don't-” Sue stared at him.  Tony stared back. “What?” he asked.
“Leaving me already?” he said, and he was laughing hard enough that Tony could feel it.  “C'mon, Stark.”
“When, in fact, it ended up being both.”  Ellen hopped down, taking the picture back.  She walked forward, then back along the wall.  She found the right spot and stuck it up.
“But even if she could, I doubt Mrs. Parker could get the bloodstains out,” Pepper finished.  She reached out, pushing Tony’s hair away from his forehead.  He made a halfhearted gesture to push her hand away, which she ignored.
“Yeah, two for the price of one, on war legends and folk heroes,” he said with a grin.  “Wasn’t expecting that.”
Jarvis's eyebrows arched.  "How odd," he said.  "That is almost, word for word, what I said when your father handed you to me, all those years ago."
“Deal with it by getting rid of it?” Bucky said, glaring down at the cat, who had started to rub up against his ankles, its whole body vibrating with a purr.
Jesse held up the manila folder in her hand.  “That mean you don't want my photo files any more?  Cause that's cool.  You've got enough crazy here.  You don't really need any more, do you?”  She balanced the folder in one hand, flipping through the pictures.  “I've got a good one here of Stark from the opening of StarkTower, and-”
“Dear God.” Tony poked at the fabric.  “Purple and green.  It's...”  He squinted down at it, his head spinning.  “It's just so ugly.”
Steve had heard more than his fair share of gunshots, both in the trenches of Europe and in the narrow alleyways of New York.  He knew the sound far better than he’d like, and every time he heard it, he was always hoping, on some level, that it’d be the last one he heard.
She disconnected, and Tony kicked off his shoes. “Jarvis, can you try to get Captain Quixote on the phone for me?” He stripped off his jeans. “Captain Tilts-At-Windmills. Captain Lost Cause. Captain-”
Steve chuckled.  “I imagine so,” he said, as Jarvis moved away from the bed, Tony’s shoes dangling from his fingers.  He set the shoes down by the wardrobe, and continued on to the linen closet.  Steve lowered himself, sitting down on the edge of the bed, his fingers lingering on Tony’s hair.
He blinked, slow and deliberate.  “A while.”  Days.  Weeks.  His heartbeat accelerated and he made a deliberate effort to stop thinking about it.  He could do that.  He had to do that.  “It was okay.  Because I was new.  My programming was...”  He managed a smile.  “Simple.  I didn't have to think about much.  It was small, and dark, and silent.  I couldn't move, and there was nothing to...  There was nothing there.  I ran diagnostics until my battery ran out, and I...”  DJ made a face.  “Shut down.  Went to sleep.”
Steve tried to smile, and almost managed it.  “One of them.” He glanced at Tony.  “Took me a long time to come around to the concept of the armor, but if you still want someone to punch…”
The older man turned from counter, a massive mixing bowl cradled in the crook of his elbow.  “This your boy?” he asked Steve, giving Tony a steely look.
Clint slid behind the wheel as the others climbed in.  “Some of us are a little better at disguises than that,” he pointed out, jamming the keys into the ignition.  “We can-”
Steve looked up, his palm still resting on the curve of the fender.  “I thought you were his driver?”
“Almost as if,” Bobbi agreed.  “But there’s no chance anyone would warn such dangerous people of a legitimate police action.”  She picked up her hat, rotating it between her hand.  “Sure, their tactics are brutal.  And innocent family members often get injured.  And whole ethnic enclaves have been the focus of raids with little proof that anyone there is involved in anything illegal, but…”  She smiled at Steve.  “The police know what they’re doing.  Don’t they?”
“Are we done here?” Luke asked.  “'Cause we're supposed to be dancing here.  I don't mean to bring this up, but-”
Steve took a deep breath. “I know,” he said, his hand lingering for another moment before he settled it back on the steering wheel.  “Instinct.”
She waved him off.  “I’ll get you both a cup of coffee.  Just…”  Her eyes slid towards Steve.  “No mopping, you hear?”
Tony opened his mouth, and she held up a finger in front of his face, a very clear warning sign.  Tony took a step back.  “Well, he kissed me first, that should count for something, and besides-”
Thor scooped him off the ground in a bear hug, pinning Stark's arms to his sides, a laugh booming out of him.  "My friend!" he said, as Stark's feet pedaled desperately in mid-air.  "Why did I have to read about your new son in the newspapers?  You could not have told me?”
Steve paused, his spoon halfway to his mouth.  Slowly, he lowered it back to the bowl. “A bit,” he admitted.  “It's been with me for a while.”
“I know!” Peter rushed out.  “And it’s not something I should ask, but I think he’s good, I mean, we’re good for him, and he’s good for us-”
Jan nodded.  “That,” she mused, “may be the least convincing lie I’ve ever heard you try.  And I was here when you tried to convince Jarvis that the second floor curtains spontaneously burst into flames.”
“You have a better relationship with your ex-girlfriend than most people have with their spouses,” Steve pointed out.
"Protestants just don't have the same flair, it's true," Jarvis mused.  He smiled at Steve, and there was a hook there now, in the kindly warmth of his smile, in the sparkle that lurked in his eyes.  "I shall be happy to begin making up a room in the servants quarters, if you'd truly be more comfortable there?"
There was a beat of silence as everyone looked at him.  Tony reached for the cup again, anything to avoid their eyes.  “We don’t know that,” Pepper said at last.
He nodded, and she reached for the milk jug.  Clint ducked around her, setting a plate of toast and eggs in front of Stark.  He raised his eyebrow, and said something.  Steve blinked at him as the run of syllables went in all directions, a pure rush of gibberish.  Stark nodded, and said something back.
Before Steve could come up with anything else to say, the door to the lobby opened.  Steve glanced over as one of the security guards, a stout, broad shouldered woman with a no-nonsense scowl started towards them.  He straightened up, hoping to head her off.  "Morning," he said, with a smile.  "I've got this, thank you-"
DJ studied the top of the sushi tray, where his name had been scrawled with an oil crayon.  He picked at one of the letters with a fingernail.  “Yes.”  He looked up.  “Why?”
Chuckling under his breath, Steve stumbled along with her, enjoying the rise and fall of the music, even if he was never going to enjoy the dancing.  “You’re good at this.”
“Let her go,” Tony said.  “She likes to feel like she's doing something useful.”  He pushed himself away from the wall.  “What's wrong with the room?”
“I know.” Tony tried to take the apples from him, and Happy brushed past him.  “The irrigation system needs a little more adjustment, and I got sick of dragging things back and forth, when I knew I just had to go back.”
Tony stared them down.  “Because it’s a number, and numbers-”  He tossed some more pages, because it made DJ laugh.  “Are boring.”
“Shove off,” the thug said, cutting him off mid-word.   “This has nothing to do with you, you old drunk.”
Sam reached over, patting him on the back without breaking his stride.  “Sorry, man.”  He looked at Steve out of the corner of his eyes.  “Having trouble convincing Tony of that, though.  You might want to do something about that.”
The desert stretched out in all directions, a narrow space hollowed out between the sand and the sky,  a strip of air that seemed somehow claustrophobic.  Tony tried not to look up, tried not to feel the way the sky pressed in on him.  He leaned his back against the car, his hands tucked in his pockets to keep them still.  Clint turned off the car, but left the headlights on, throwing long shadows across the almost alien landscape.
Namor had outdone himself, and probably depleted a good portion of the North Atlantic Garbage Patch at the same time.
“Because unlike Pepper, I pick up the phone at obscene hours,” Rhodey said.  “Say hi to Steve for me.”
The bump of the tires as they turned into the parking lot brought his eyes open.  “Well, that was-” he started, and Clint brought a finger up to his lips.  His head jerked back, over his shoulder, and Tony turned in his seat to look.
His eyes were flat and tense, and his face was tight, strained.  Tony's stomach twisted, guilt sweeping over him. “Sorry,” he said, and he smiled.  He wandered across the room and took a seat next to Steve.
Steve leaned in, pressing a very light kiss on Tony’s lips.  “All of them,” he whispered, and Tony arched up into him, kissing him back with all the force he could manage.  Steve kissed him back, his arms wrapped tight around Tony’s waist.  But as the kiss deepened, one hand slipped up, to rest just over the tattoo, and Tony smiled against his mouth.
“There is nothing wrong with sexual attraction,” Sam said.  He looked over at Steve.  “We’re on the same page there, right?”
“It’s Vegas,” Harris snapped as Darcy shoved him into the back seat.  “I think they’re prepared for a hoodie and a pair of glasses.”
There was a faint buzz, and a click as the door unlocked.  Tony pushed it open.  "For you, Mr. Stark," the man said, "always."
“He's not my driver, he's my chief designer.  Though part of his contract is that he does get to borrow whatever car he wants.”
“Mmm,” Tony hummed into his coffee.  He stared down at the paperwork that Pepper had left behind.  He flicked through the bank statements, scowling down at the balances.  His stomach was churning, and he rubbed a hand over his eyes.  “God, this would be so much easier if these damn numbers would just behave.”
Tony took a breath and let it out.  He glanced over at Dummy’s empty charging station.  “Fuck it,” he said.  “It’ll be worth it.”
“I will have you fired and replace you with a pretty boy who can use a telephoto lens properly,” Ellen said.  “You're the worst photographer.  I hate you.”
Steve caught his shoulder, supporting him easily as he slid behind Tony's back.  He took a seat against the arm of the couch, and tugged Tony back into the shelter of his chest.  Tony leaned back, his breath leaving him in a cough.  Steve rubbed a comforting hand over his breastbone.  “You okay?”
Jarvis lowered the tray down to the bedside table.  “Shall I lay out your clothes for the day?” he asked.  Tony got the impression that he was enjoying this situation.
“What’s he going to tell them?” Natasha asked him.  “That Anthony Stark has a secret high tech facility under his mansion and he’s building a private army made up of ex-mobsters, scientists, carnies and military operatives?”
“I can explain,” Tony said, and Steve headed across the living room to look over the back of the couch.
She slapped the magazine closed, setting it down in front of her and folding her hands on top of it.  “We do,” she said, with a practiced smile.  “Includes full ceremony, photo package, and matching certificates, suitable for framing.”
He looked at her.  “She said, some could come back from their time below the hills, and they'd be full of stories and laughter and music like none had ever heard.  They'd seen something amazing, and it lit them from the inside out, but they kept their feet on safe roads from then on, they kept to the bright places, and away from old oaks.  They held cold iron close, and sang soft laments of the way the old ones danced under the moon.”
“I’m not-” Tony choked on a laugh.  “Jesus.  Calm down.”  He cupped Steve’s face between his palms, and leaned in for a kiss.  “I’m fine.  I promise, I’m fine.”
“Whatever you pick out, I'm going to google it!” Steve called after him as Tony slipped out of the kitchen.
Warmth flooded through him, and Tony felt some of the tension go out of his shoulders.  “I think that's your choice,” he said.  To the clerk, he said, “We'll take it.”
Laughing, May took his hand.  “That’s all right,” she said with a puckish smile.  “Trust me.  You wear it quite well.” The music swelled, a bright swirl of brass and strings, and May gave a firm nod.  “Relax, and follow my lead.”
"I might be," Steve said.  He rolled to his feet.  "I mean, I'd like to."  He smiled down at Jan.  "Some of my best friends are tiny, tiny women."
“Yes, well, don't get used to it.” Tony waved a hand in his direction. “And the 'Mr. Stark' thing is beginning to annoy me.  Call me Tony, everyone does.”
“It is not a cat,” Agatha said, as the cat shaped creature curled around the back of her neck and peered around the far side of her head, its eyes glinting, blood red for an instant, then fading back to orange.  “It is a being of ancient power, one that has lived since before the rise of human civilization.  One that has seen not just the collapse of governments and countries, but entire religions and magical disciplines.”
There was a brisk rap on the door, and then the rattle of a key.  “Oh, thank God,” Harris said to no one in particular.
“I'm not going to hit on a police officer,” Tony said, his eyes rolling up.  “That's trouble not even I need.  And besides, the man hates me.”
"If anyone's really that eager to come attack a building of super heroes, I wish them luck," Tony said.  "I'm not getting involved, this suit was expensive, but most of these people hate dressing up and are looking for a reason to get rid of their suit jackets and heels; I wouldn't give them one, personally."
“Might,” he agreed.  He crossed to the table, and Harris moved his feet out of the way so DJ could take a seat.  “How did you get here?” DJ asked the cat.
Benito’s shoulders were shaking, despite maintaining a straight face.  He leaned over, digging through the refrigerator behind the sandwich station.  “Here.” He came back up, holding a cup of fruit salad in one big hand.  There was a piece of masking tape on the top, Darcy’s name hand printed across it.  “I put some aside before we added the grapes.”
Clint thought about that.  Next to him, Natasha was laughing so hard that she might’ve been crying.  “Things are a little foggy, but yeah.  Yeah, I think that’s the general timeline,” he said at last.
He leaned back. “I didn't care about being a symbol, back then. I just wanted to do something big, something important, I wanted to make a difference.” He smiled. “Now, I guess that means being a symbol.”
“See?  Was that so difficult?” Tony asked her.  He leaned back against his desk, his hands braced on either side of his hips.  “It’s not that I’m flirting with him-”
Tony turned, looking down as Obie came striding across the main hall, his hands held out in front of him.  He beamed up at Tony, his eyes crinkling at the edges.  "Look at you!" he boomed, and Tony caught himself smiling.
He set the tray down on the desk with a surprising amount of grace.  The teapot, cup and saucer, sugar bowl and milk pot barely moved across the surface, and he gave her a bright grin.  "Would you like tea, Miss?"
“That's quite the assumption you're making,” Tony said, as the song's tempo changed, smoothing out into something a bit more relaxed and easy.
Steve handed over a paper boat.  “Hot sauce is on the counter,” he said, to the extremely well dressed woman who took it.  “And Potato Rescue's got a special on Potato Nachos.”
Steve thought about that.  “I don’t think I’ve ever tried,” he admitted.  He leaned forward, bracing his elbows on his knees, his hands folded between them.  “It never occured to me to try.”
Steve stood there, an empty cup dangling from one hand.  “You really believe that, don’t you?” he asked, his voice quiet.
He picked up Steve’s bag, and carried it over, offering the strap to Steve.  “Sometimes even the best men need to be reminded to do the right thing.”
Steve paused, his fingers just brushing the cup.  “I...  Do?” he said, because Sam still seemed to be waiting for a response.
Stane glared up at her, one hand holding his throat.  “Dead,” he said, his voice vicious, and Tony’s stomach turned over again, a dry heave shaking his frame.  Stane looked at Tony, venom twisting his face.  “Hammer’s easily bought and paid for.”  He let out a bark of laughter.  “Down in the slums, life’s cheap, you know.  I gave him a few hundred dollars and a gun and he handled that particular problem.”
“Good I ask now, so I can save room.”  Pepper stacked up a pile of paperwork with a brisk motion.  “DJ, want to come with me?  We can get washed up for dinner.”
Tony's head rolled in that direction, not really wanting to, but not able to stop himself.  He'd known what he was going to see, even before he did.   Somehow, he'd known.  But still, the sight of Steve Rogers, sprawled out on the bed next to him, sound asleep, was a shock.
He slipped out of his bedroom door, expecting to find darkness in the hallway beyond.  But light flowed along the polished wood floor from the living room at the center of the suite, and he followed it, his bare feet silent on the cold floor.  He braced a hand against the wall, his fingers tracing the length of the hallway, his heartbeat pounding in his ears.
He'd been expecting it, but there was no way to prepare himself for it.  DJ was buried under in a blanket, as if he was trying to hide, trying to make himself bigger the only way he knew how.
Steve glanced up at him.  And he smiled.  “By that, you mean you'll make me toast?” he said, standing up.
“No.”  Tony straightened up, and again, nicer this time.  “No.  It just…  Startled me.  He’s not me.  He’s not his dad, either, he’s just-”  Tony checked his watch.  “A scared kid who wants to go home, and we’re going to do everything possible to make sure he gets there.”
“There is a tendency, amongst families of extreme wealth, to try to protect their children,” Jarvis said, and Steve got the feeling he was choosing his words very carefully.  “When you are, in fact, extremely wealthy, you are, of course, going to deal with people who wish to take advantage of that.  Children are especially vulnerable to false friends who seek a financial windfall.
Jan paused, her eyes big and bright under the fringe of her bangs. “I don’t want to,” she said, her voice solemn, “but I will if I have to.”
Tony made a pained noise, his head falling back, and God, but that was a lovely view.  “When did you develop subtlety?” he asked.  He looked down at Steve, and his eyes were brilliant.  “In all seriousness, you are the bluntest human being I’ve ever met, and now?  Now you try to be subtle?” He leaned in, his fingers spreading against Steve’s chest.  “I have been in a constant state of confusion and arousal for the last two weeks and I don’t know which one was more painful, next time, will you please just say ‘wanna fuck?’ so we don’t have to do this?”
“I’m sure we’re not,” Tony said.  He stood, crouching down to pick up the crumbled up ball of paper.  “We never are.”  It wasn’t the last word, because Ty had already left, but it made him feel better anyway.  He straightened up, already trying to flatten the pages.  Pepper was peering out the door.  “Is he-”
His breath came out in a sound that was nearly a laugh. “You'd think that you'd be experienced with a polite social lie, Jan.” He glanced in her direction. “I will be fine.” He tossed the pencil aside, sending it clattering across the balcony floor, and reached for another one. “Eventually.”
Steve shook his head.  “We’re not lost,” he said.  The road stretched out in front of them,  the dirt pounded flat by thousands of feet that had been this way before.
“Many things were here once,” his mother said.  “Many wild and wonderful things, I should think, and then we came and took what had once been theirs.”  Her smile was soft and light, but her eyes were sad.  “That’s the way of people, Steve.  There’s always some who’ll take, no matter what damage they do to the rest of the world.”
"It will pass.  Until I can put something better together for you," Miss Van Dyne said, and she had DJ's feet in her lap now, tickling his toes.  He jerked them away, giggling, and then, after a moment, cautiously put them back.  Grinning, Miss Van Dyne caught his feet in her hands.  "Now, Jarvis must have some pins, and you can-"
“Nope.”  Steve pushed the door open and slid out of the car, not surprised when Tony immediately opened his door and followed him out.  Steve paused, his hand braced on the door.  “I’m going into the front seat.  Stay here.”
Tony looked up.  DJ was hovering next to him on the sidewalk, his expression quizzical.  Tony smiled at him.  “Yeah, I’m fine,” he said.  “Decided you didn’t want a tiara after all?”
“Where’s-”  Tony fought with the word, forcing it out past a numb tongue and dry lips.  “DJ.  Where’s-”
He'd never been a natural at this, maybe because he never made a move until he was half-desperate and frustrated out of his mind.  Or maybe it was just that he hadn't gotten enough practice.  Bucky'd always said that he needed to kiss more people he didn't love, maybe even didn't particularly like, because that was easier.
“Fake it for a few minutes, okay?” Tony asked her.  She flipped him off.  “Perfect.  Knew we could count on you.”  He waited for them to clear the room before he turned back to Steve.  He leaned against the nearest console.  “You okay?” he asked.
He looked back at his feet.  “Said that they’d taken a vote.  And they wanted to give me a stake in the company.  Because…”
"And it will still be there after you've eaten," Pepper told him, her voice crisp and firm.  She slipped the notebook from his hand, holding it out of reach.  "This was your idea, Tony.”
“That is troubling,” Tony told her.  “And Jan, no, we are not having a reception.”  Jan stared at him, her eyes huge, her lower lip stuck out in a distinct pout.  Tony struggled not to laugh.  “I've known you since you were nine, Van Dyne, that does not work on me.”
"I didn't date," Steve pointed out.  "But I very much want to go back in time and punch some bastards right now, so...”
“Oh, he’s been buying things,” Tony agreed.  “More things than he can techinically afford.”  He took a deep breath and let it out.  “He’s been day trading.”
“Yeah, well, you were going to get me, anyway,” Fury said, waving his sandwich in Tony’s direction.  “At least now I get some satisfaction out of it.” He looked back at DJ.  “You need a spoon?”
“Yeah, Pepper made her cry last month, and she wasn't even trying, I... Do not care about her,” Tony said.
For a second, he was frozen in place, everything still, his heart feeling like it had stopped beating in his chest.  Then he scrambled to catch up to her.  "Who were they-"  She looked at him, something like pity in her gaze, and it clicked.  "Tony."
“Right now, my only plans are to see a movie tonight,” Tony said.  He paused, a wry smile twitching the corners of his lips.  “If everyone finds a pair of pants, of course.”
He stared at the blank monitor, not sure if he wanted to or not.  Watching it would be an agony, but wondering what was happening would've been worse.  “Yes.  Please.”
“People need to eat and when governments attempt to control and confine the feeding of the poor to sanctioned locations, chosen for their convenience and minimum disruption to the convenience of the monied and powerful, then they are sacrificing the health and well-being of their most vulnerable populations for a matter of public preception.” He smiled.  “Every one of them would should be held accountable for the damage that they’re doing, and moreover, they should not be shocked when their own people step up to oppose them at every turn.”
Clint stumbled forward, and Steve's hands snapped out, grabbing for Clint before he could end up on the floor.  Clint swayed on his feet, his eyes squinting in Steve's general direction.  "Why am I here?" he asked, his voice plaintive.
He smiled.  “I’m sorry you’re stuck here for the moment.  I’m sorry that you can’t go home.  But Deej?”  He scratched at the side of his head, making his hair stick up.  “I’m glad that whatever the reason, you ended up back here.  So that I got to know what happened, too.”
“The urge to just, you know, spit, is so hard to resist,” Steve said, just as Natasha entered the kitchen, shoving Tony along ahead of her.  Steve felt his face heat, and he ducked down behind his computer.
“We do not,” Rhodey said, marking his spot in his book.  “I think it’s important that we make it clear that we do not.”
Stark stopped.  "You, me, Obie, Thor, Rogers and DJ, Pepper and Rhodey," he said, counting them off on his fingers.  "Eight."
She was a teenager, maybe thirteen, maybe fifteen.  But small, and thin, her form hunched into an oversized jacket that trailed over the ends of her fingertips.  She was frozen in place, her head tipped back, her face bone white, her eyes dark holes in her skull.  Pale red hair swirled around her shoulders, the strands tangling in front of her face.
“Bite your non-existent tongue, Jay,” Tony said.  He wandered through the still, empty rooms of the penthouse, yawning as he slipped into the kitchen.  Jarvis was, as always, as good as his word, and the coffee pot was steaming away on the counter.
“And why are we asking?” she asked, leaning in his direction.  She fluttered her eyelashes, all coquettish innocence.  “Are we finally coming to the terms with the reality of our situation?”
“Parker, eat your breakfast burrito,” Tony said, not even looking in that direction.  “And stop doing things that draw attention to yourself.”
DJ studied him, dark eyes unblinking, then went back to tearing the crust off of his bread.  Rogers finished with his plate, setting it back in front of him, but DJ ignored it.
“Would I have asked you if I knew, do you think I just enjoy having this conversation with you?” Tony asked.  He spun on his heel, facing Steve as he walked backwards.  “That I just find an excuse to bring up questions that-”
The backroom was small and narrow, the space pressing against the neighboring buildings, with all the odd angles and empty voids that resulted from that.  Hank had filled every available inch of space, boxes and jars filling crooked shelves and alcoves.  A few clocks, in various states of repair, were lined up neatly on the small workbench, waiting for parts, or just waiting for attention.  Tony stroked a finger along the beautiful curve of one, disturbing the dust on the crystal face.
Stark stopped, casting a glance back over his shoulder in Steve's direction.  “Your men have already been up there.”
Tony didn’t look up from his tablet.  “I fucking hate Namor,” he said, the words pushed out from between clenched teeth.
“I might.”  The tip of Tony’s pen left flecks of ink on the page as he tapped it in place, a nervous twitch of movement he wished he could control.  Instead, he tossed the pen aside and reached for his cup as Obie sank down into a chair opposite him.  It was the chair he’d come to think of as Steve’s, as foolish as that was, and Tony scowled down at the statements.
Rogers nodded.  “Neither does DJ,” he said, his voice calm.  Controlled.  But there was tension in his shoulders, in his jaw, and even as he spoke to Tony, his eyes were moving, darting over the crowd, looking for something.  Looking for someone.  His gaze settled back on Tony’s face, and now Tony could see the desperation there, the hollow emptiness in his eyes.  “We…”  He stopped, his mouth working, but nothing else came out.
Steve let his head fall onto the back of the couch, his eyes falling shut.  “Merry Christmas to me,” he said.
Steve watched, curious now, as the boy glanced at Clint, and then at the basket of turnovers.  There was a pinched tension around his mouth, his knuckles white as he gripped his cap.  He was perhaps fourteen, or fifteen at most, and his sleeves were just an inch too short for his arms.  His wrists were all bone, and Steve wondered if the rest of him was as skinny beneath the weight of his uniform.
“I realized when I was saying it that it was not my best move, but every so often, I do like to appeal to your rational side,” Pepper said.
“You’ll be fine.” May kissed DJ on the top of his head as well, and he grinned up at her.  She smiled back.  “Good morning, David James.”  DJ made a face. “Donald Justin?”  He shook his head.  May pretended to think.  “Daniel Jonathan?”
“You could choke one of them until he went unconscious,” Clint said.  Nat gave him a look.  “Well, you could.”
Steve crossed to them, taking the page from Maguire.  His name was scrawled on the outside, in O’Brien’s familiar hand.  He opened it, scanning the few lines in a matter of moments.  He stopped.  Went back to the beginning.  Reread it again.  And a third time.  Turned the page over.  But other than his name on one side, and a few short, succinct sentences on the other, it was blank.
"You seem to think that Tony drinks stronger stuff than Reed, and I can assure you, that is not true."  She nodded, just once, and then a second time.  "Yes.  Thank you.  I'd love a drink.  And more than that, I'd love a chance to talk to someone who isn't-"  She shook her head.  "Who is willing to discuss it."
Jarvis offered him a fork.  “I spent long enough learning how to make it to your mother’s specifications,” he said, smiling back.  “It seems a shame to let such a hard won skill go to waste.”
Tony gave him a look.  "Please.  You've worn a few in your time, too." He put his hands up on either side of his head, his thumbs planted on his temples and his fingers wiggling.  "And wings.  Tiny, adorable wings."
“Can anyone in this place answer a damn simple question?” Steve asked, tossing himself back into his seat at the counter.  “It shouldn’t be so much to ask, so-”
She took a deep breath, her shoulders drawing up with the force of it.  “That jacket!”  It came out in a wail, sharp and pained, and Steve recoiled, rocking back a step.  She turned to Jarvis.  “How COULD you?”
Tony’s chest ached, and he nodded.  “You’ll remember us, won’t you?”  DJ nodded.  “Then I don’t want you to miss us.”
Tony choked on a laugh.  “Oh, you did not,” he said, but it was a nice thought.  He grinned at nothing in particular.  “Let's not pretend you were a wallflower.”
“Right,” Tony said. “I’ve got the report from science central, aka SHIELD.”  Giving in to the inevitable, he stepped over a case of something that he hoped wasn’t flammable to hand the tablet to Bruce.  “I did give you storage, didn’t I?  I remember something on the plans marked as ‘storage.’  Distinctly recall this.”
They both looked at Greer, struggled to keep a straight face.  “I have a crush on Sam and I wanted Steve’s advice,” Greer said.  The tip of her tail flicked against the bench, then curled around her ankles.
Steve nodded again.  “All right,” he said.  He turned to Jan, his smile taking on a puckish wickedness.  “Miss Van Dyne.  Always a pleasure.”
Tony laughed, and for some reason, Steve felt his face heat.  Tony picked up the coins.  “Thank you for your business,” he said, and Steve nodded.
“Thank you,” Steve said, sinking down at the kitchen table.  Tony's phone vibrated.  “I've got it.”  He punched the app, and the video screen popped up.  DJ stared out at him, his eyes huge behind the lenses of his glasses.  He was perched at the kitchen table at the farm, his knees drawn up against his chest and his bare feet braced on the edge of the kitchen chair.  Behind him, Steve could see Hitomi put her phone down and go back to her cutting board.  There was a pile of big, round pears stacked in easy reach, and a bowl of peeled, sliced pear sitting next to DJ on the table.
Tony’s teeth flashed in a sharp grin.  “No need to reset it.  We’ll play the pieces, just as they are.”
Tony choked on something that might’ve been a shriek from a lesser man.  He twisted around in his seat to find Natasha smiling down at him.  “Can we not do this?” he asked.  “For one day, out of respect for the sanctity of the season, can you not be insanely creepy?”
"Are you KIDDING me-" was as far as Tony got before Steve reached past him and scooped up both their passports.
“Sir,” Jarvis said, bringing Tony's head around. “You have a visitor.  Ms. Van Dyne is on her way up, and has inquired if you are decent.”
“No.  You don’t.” Steve took a deep breath, and this one burned in an entirely new way.  “But no.  I don’t know of any reason why you shouldn’t…”  He smiled, and she smiled back. “Ask Sam out.”
“I think that it was late,” Steve said, choosing his words carefully.  “And I'm sure you just wanted to get to bed.  After all, you caught the perpetrator, and it was late.”
“Yeah, and so we’re there, playing some pickup ball, and the class let out, and-” Sam let out a long, sharp whistle.  “Everyone was a sweatball.  Like, red faced, dripping, gross-”
"The problem," Rogers said, his voice stern, "is that chances are, he's going to spend his entire working life in a small, windowless, poorly ventilated workroom.  And even if that's not the case, he's going back to the city soon enough, so for the short amount of time he has access to, you know, sunlight?" He braced his hands on the other side of the workbench, his pose deliberately mirroring Tony's.  "I think it would be awful nice for him to experience it."
Morrison looked out at the cameras, his smile so tight that it looked like it could crack at any moment. “And we'll be right back after these messages, stick around for a discussion of the historical context of our discussion.”
“But also usually right.”  Tony cupped his cheek in one hand.  “It’s…  It’s really fucking annoying.  You know that, don’t you?  The fact that you are so...”  His mouth kicked up on one side.  “So often right.”
“Traitor,” Tony mumbled under his breath.  He turned his attention back to Clea, already regretting having closed his work.  He needed something to occupy his hands.  And his head.  “So.  Cake.  That’s-”  He shook his head.  “That’s new.”  His fingertips rattled against the front of the arc reactor.  “Is there a reason for cake?”
Steve rolled over, facing the wall, and made a deliberate effort to close his eyes.  His arms folded up tight to his chest, his chin tucked down, he made an effort to relax.  It was good to be back into his own bed, familiar and somehow comforting.
“No, you don’t,” DJ said, and laughed as Clint flipped powdered sugar at him with a flick of his fingers.
Tony's head lolled forward, his bare feet sliding across the floor as he tried to keep moving towards the stairs.  Steve braced a hand against the railing and wrapped his other around Tony's waist, dragging him back.  “Tony!”
Everyone looked at each other, and Wanda took her seat.  “He’s asking you to sit.  Down,” she said, the words colored red, and everyone sat.
"The couch has an infestation," Steve said.  He ducked as Bucky tried to kick him in the head.  "Getting slow, buddy."  He caught hold of Tony's arms and pulled him to his feet.  Tony rocked forward, swaying into the shelter of Steve's body.  Steve wrapped his arms around Tony's waist.  "Hi."
Bucky slid down the ladder, rattling the rungs on the way.  “No, seriously-” he started, as a raggedy looking black and white cat with one lopsided ear came scrambling down the ladder after him, leaping neatly onto his shoulder.  Bucky did his best not to flinch, but he wasn’t entirely successful.  His head tipped as far away from it as he could get, he gritted out, “Get it off of me.”
“And no one cares what you think,” she said.  She turned, kissing Sam's jaw.  “But for now, duty calls, and for that, I need you, Stark.  There's some tech that we can't figure out, and as much as I'd like to lock you out of my labs on a permanent basis, you're our best bet for figuring it out.”
They disappeared, and the other Doctor Strange followed in their wake, his cape flapping in a wind that seemed to affect only him.  For an instant, the doors stood open, shuddering  under the pressure of the light of he portal.
Steve felt his face heat, but there was no judgement on Jarvis’ face, just a slight, puckish smile.  “He…  May have outgrown that,” he said.
In the cold silence that followed, he looked up, pinning Maguire in place with a look of open scorn.  “Of course, any gentleman would have his coat and hat taken at the door.”  He smiled, a slight, icy of his lips.  “I note you still have yours, sir.”
“This is a shock to absolutely no one,” Carol said.  Jan stuck her tongue out at her, and Carol grinned.  “Oh, I guess it was a shock to you.  That's...  That's unfortunate.”  She patted Jan on the back.  “Poor naive little-”
Steve watched him roll over, the muscles of his back and shoulders flexing as he found a comfortable position.  It was hypnotizing, watching him curl up against the pillows.  He realized he was still holding Tony's pants, the fabric twisted between his fingers.  He set them on the end of the bed, and reached for the edge of the sheet.
“Let me know which way you end up going,” Steve said, and Sue laughed.  Steve smiled at her.  “Oh, you think I'm kidding?”
Steve dragged him down, his fingers tangled in the fabric of his own shirt, and tried not think about the morning.
“Don't worry!  I got this!” Down below them, the older man was already stomping his way across the apartment floor, his cane thumping hard on the wood floor with every step.
Pepper leaned over him, just far enough so she could run a hand over his hair, pushing it away from his face and then smoothing it back down.  “Sorry,” she said, with a smile.  “We’re working with a very tight schedule, and I’m afraid that there’s no way I can work that in, Mr. Stark.”
“No,” Steve repeated, taking the chopstick from him, and the other one, just for good measure.  “I’m not missing ‘A Christmas Carol’ because someone’s bleeding.”
Steve locked eyes with him.  “He just watched something very big and very violent try to attack a child.”
The two exchanged a look, but didn’t say a word, turning and heading up the path to the house.  Tony watched them go, his face set.  “We’re not going to kill him.”
“I’d say no,” Steve said, pushing away from the wall.  “But I’m desperate, so…”  He thrust the bag at Rhodey.  “I brought breakfast.”
There were things he wondered. Natasha’s contract had felt a lot more conditional than Clint’s; she’d ranked most things toward the middle of the scale rather than as things she strongly enjoyed or did not, for instance. And her rankings didn’t always fit neatly into some of the categories Steve had suggested Tony use to sort things for himself. If contracts told a story, like Clint had said, hers felt harder to read, or like it was maybe telling several different narratives all at the same time. But he didn’t really know how to convey any of those impressions into actual words, so he elected to say nothing.
“For what?” When he paused too long, the paddle fell again, on his right thigh this time. Tony managed less than a half a dozen blows before the dam inside him shattered as completely as his physical resistance already had.
“I uh…I guess I thought from what you said that the first scene would be more, I don’t know, involved?” Clint hummed thoughtfully in his ear.
“Not to be a dick, but you and Tony have been basically joined at the hip for a fortnight, and something clearly happened in your office the other day, so even though I get that we need to have a conversation about expanding our dynamic I’m kinda confused how we’re to blame for any of this.”
The author also wants to interject! This takes place during the events of Chapter 33, and I’m super excited this question got asked because I wrote and then cut this scene, and always felt a little sad about it. Thanks for giving me the chance to share!
, a submissive, is currently in a relationship with another submissive; she remains the director in her lab, but does spend some of her work hours with the Dora Milaje in order to ensure orientational wellness.
“Different context. I can hardly be a fan of anyone within the walls of SHIELD. Now let’s move on, shall we?”
“Yes, I believe he could have. At the time he did not want to risk the fate of the universe, but in that I suspect he was incorrect. Knowing the sacrifice you would need to make would not have changed your actions. It is why I am here instead of being conveniently off-world, as Wong and others have urged me to be.”
Content Notes: The first scene contains a depiction of top-drop. It's handled fine, but still something worth skipping if it's a trigger area for you.
.” Tony’s first outburst was rewarded with a brush of the heel of Clint’s hand against the big vein on the underside of his cock. Silver spots dotted his vision and he sucked in a harsh, rasping breath. Clint wasn’t even on the goddamn bed, was barely touching him.
And speaking of last chapter, your comments were so incredibly kind and supportive. Thank you, team, and please keep them coming! I love knowing what you're enjoying, what lines you liked, which characters pissed you off or made you laugh, I eat it all up! (And you can also #AskStrange any questions you have, too!)
The room exploded for a second time the moment Tony stepped out and onto the podium. There was a horrible moment where he blanked on where he was supposed to stand, but then Steve shifted, making space between himself and Rhodey. Tony was fairly sure that wasn’t the arrangement they had landed on; there had been a lot of discussion about not emphasizing his friendships with Pepper and Rhodey over his romantic relationships with the team, to the point where Rhodey’s very presence on the stage had not even always been a given.
And my endless love and gratitude to all of you for your comments and kudos. I love hearing what you're enjoying, specific lines/characters/plot points that stuck out to you, I love it all! And there are two excellent AskStrange questions waiting for the Doctor, so expect to see replies to those up tomorrow!
“Sh. Don’t harsh what’s left of my sub-buzz. And pet my hair; you all do it so constantly that I’ve basically been conditioned to need it all the time. It’s borderline cruel to withhold it at this point. And tell me I’m pretty and good and all the floofy stuff.”
“I cannot and will not lay a hand on you without both of us knowing what you’re being punished for. That’s not even a conversation.” Steve pressed more Dominance into the reprimand than he normally dared, but Thor was not a baseline human. When he needed Dominance, he typically went to Steve for exactly this reason. He needed everything Steve could give him. Recalling the Confessions of his own youth, the small enclosed space with the priest on the other side of the wall, Steve offered, “Do you want me not to look at you while you say it? Will that help?”
“If you don’t stop trying to rub off on that bench I’ll be taking the decision out of your hands Tony, and I assure you that you will not be wildly fond of the option I select.” Immediately, he stilled his hips, panting slightly. “Good. Now what’s it going to be? Milking now, or punishment and orgasm later?”
“Their egos can take it I’m sure. Seriously, though…you okay, with all of this? They’re asking a lot of you, and if it’s too much after what happened before…”
Which wasn’t to say their time together had been bad. Sure, Tony was a little embarrassed to remember how clingy and needy he’d been that first day, when Bruce and Nat had made good on their plans to coddle him with food and cuddles and soft things. The second day Tony had initially planned to get back to work, but Natasha had had…well, other ideas.
“So fucking what, Stark. Did he ask for an autograph or something too? You want a congratulations because the Big Bad gave you a personal shout-out?” Clint snapped. He was staring at the pictures of his wife and kids again, Steve knew it without even bothering to look up. That was all Clint did these days, when he wasn’t barking at each of them in turn for not yet having a fully-developed plan to reverse the Snap and its after-effects.
Stunned that someone at SHIELD had a sense of humour, and a youthful one at that, Peter allowed his attention to be drawn back to the screen. He was just in time to witness the hand of the speaker, a girl wearing a long blue costume with a yellow lightning bolt on the front, grow massive. She raised it and brought it down above a scrap of a girl in shorts and a blue shirt bearing a white star. Incredibly, the latter wasn’t immediately crushed. She met the giant hand with nothing but a high kick, which somehow managed to knock it backward.
“Peter, I am not discussing this now! Get the hell out of there and to the Tower or I’ll send a suit to retrieve you.”
“We are. But you’re a whole person Tony, not just a collection of kinks. A huge part of the reason we wanted so much time off to spend together is to try to imagine not just what your submission would look like, but what our
“I know we’re still experimenting with what works with food. That’s fine, but I think we need to try a more active approach for a while, enough to set you up with some good habits and get your body accustomed to certain levels of nutrition. Could we agree that you’re going to make it to two out of three meals in the penthouse, and that I or someone else will hand feed you at least one of those? You always take more in that way.”
“But that’s the thing, man. He isn’t yours. Tony Stark is my best and closest friend, in this universe but more importantly in his. Same with Pep. He’s working hard to learn how to be here, to play the part, but he deserves to have his own history and experiences respected, especially in a moment of crisis. He doesn’t want you right now. He won’t let himself grieve and feel openly if you are. So if you care for him at all as a person apart from his resemblance to the man you used to love, for now you gotta let him be.” There was a thud that Tony initially feared meant Clint and Rhodey had come to blows, but there were no follow up noises beyond Rhodey calling Clint a ‘fucking idiot,’ so the archer punching the wall seemed the more likely source.
We join Tony and the rest of the team a few days after the last chapter as they work toward building the foundation for a 24/7 relationship.
Tony opened his mouth to deny this, then shut it again as he remembered how it had felt when Bruce had hand-fed him that very first day, and his first secretive experiments with kneeling on his own.
The latter made Tony groan aloud; Phil’s homework was never not challenging, but Tony had been working on this one for weeks now and still made very little headway. Then his face split into a wide grin.
Of course, as sweet as submission could occasionally render Tony, that didn’t mean he’d lost the brilliance, or stubbornness, that made him, well, Tony. Case in point: he, Pepper, and the Rescue armour were currently moving through the penthouse like an awkward dance, Tony using the armour to block Pepper’s repeated attempts to slap him on the back of the head or throw items at him.
“They were, bare-handed spankings, over his knee. They—uh—hurt?” Steve tried very, very hard not to chuckle. Phil smothered his smile against Clint’s shoulder.
“…what?” He heard Tony perfectly well, and if the other man weren’t drunk off his ass he’d undoubtedly skewer Steve for making him do something so inefficient as repeat himself. But how the hell was Steve supposed to begin to answer this question?
By the time they landed in Uganda, he was in better spirits, grateful for his work and for his team, who knew better than even Steve did sometimes when he needed to be held close and when he needed to be pushed away.
Content Notes: (These are even more spoilery than usual, so if you have no major triggers or concerns I'd advise skipping!) So, a few things in this chapter. It begins toward the end of Natasha and Tony's scene, so there's some explicit sexual content there. Tony struggles with panic and major self-worth problems during the scene that Natasha doesn't pick up on, but does the next day when he's really struggling with panic and a lot of regret and guilt over his own Nat's death.
“What could you possibly need babysitting for?” she wondered aloud. “Does this have something to do with what happened with Morton? Because that twit has had it coming since his first day on base, there’s really no reason to lose sleep over it, Sir.” Steve restrained a smile, though just barely, at the easy way Talia offered the honorific. It was another solid indicator that her time in subspace had affected her for the better.
There do seem to be a few characters from what the Author refers to as the ‘comics-canon’ floating around. While most will not have major influences over the plot, I do anticipate their being mentioned and occasionally cropping up.
As she spoke, Pepper was fiddling with an SI-branded coaster on the table. Pepper was not a fidgeter. She usually had a stillness to her that Tony could only admire and accept that he would never be able to emulate.
Despite all the hoopla about Trues, submission had never come naturally or easily to Tony. He hated it for many reasons, but the most humiliating one was how often he was incorrect in his guesses about what his Dominant wanted or needed. In some cases it was because he’d been so frustrated and angry to need the submission in the first place that he hadn’t bothered to ask or observe enough about the Dom to have a real sense of their desires or expectations. But even when he’d
“Got that right,” Bucky agrees. He pauses a few feet from the door, super-soldier hearing picking up something. Peter hears it too. A voice, one he knows is familiar but which his brain absolutely refuses to acknowledge. (It can’t be.)
“Whatever,” Tony shrugged carelessly. Which, again, off. If Tony didn’t care what he ate, why would he be seeking out something specific? God it hurt to think; trying to keep up with anything felt like it had to try to run in basic training before he’d been given the serum. Steve pulled a bag of all-dressed chips out of the cupboard, dumped it artlessly in the bowl, and carried it over to the couch where Tony had just sprawled. Seeing no other option and not wanting to start out by being rude, again, Steve sat down on one of the armchairs.
“General Zabu, may I interrupt?” Much like Coulson, Masdee always gave her full attention to anything or anyone she regarded as worth it, to the point where it was almost unnerving. It took effort, and reliance on his military training, for Steve not to squirm under the weight of her assessment. “Princess Shuri, as well as her brother and the nation of Wakanda, have always been fierce and valuable allies to SHIELD and the Avengers. With your permission, I would like for myself and my agent to accompany your forces back to Wakanda to see this thing through. We would, of course, be under your command and abide by your orders.”
And yes, to answer your question, the impact of his new setting on Stark’s biology will be revealed in time. However, his current unwillingness to have any medical testing performed on him suggests it shall likely take time for the Avengers to win that kind of trust.
“Would you like to talk about some of the plans I have to help us move forward on this issue? Or do you wish to drop it for now?” Tony chose the former. Loathe as he was to return to this topic, he was even less inclined to let his curiosity keep feeding his anxiety. (Those two were old and terrible pals.) “It was pushing too fast to put you in front of something as fraught as a mirror, and to be mixing the dynamics of a scene in there as well. I can see that now. But I meant what I said about lying, and about the fact that it’s not something I’ll accept from you. I especially will not accept it when it’s the kind of lie where the purpose is to diminish you, in my eyes or in your own. I think it’s fair, then, to say that we need to get you working on being honest, yes?”
“Well, if you want this because you feel you have something to make up for with regards to the safeword, for instance, I’m going to say no.”
“How is the hospital responding to the new orientational labour laws?” Rhodey asked as he spooned himself another helping of beets. “It’s definitely been a challenge for some branches of the military.”
He would reflect later (much, much later) about what made that particular night what it was. Tony and Steve had scened together before, had fucked just the evening prior, there was no reason in the world for it to suddenly feel like what everyone said about Trues was not just possible, but the most absurd understatement in human history. Except maybe that was the point. Maybe it had only been when they’d stopped trying to prove anything, when they’d been nothing but a submissive trying to comfort his Dominant after a long day, that their instincts had been able to recognize one another for what they were.
He could hear the bewilderment in his own voice, and this was the point where Tony should have been laughing or rolling his eyes or making some kind of quip about Steve’s continued inability to fully comprehend his present. Instead, Steve was greeted with several of the longest, quietest seconds of his life.
“Want me to get that essential oil thing from your purse? The one with peppermint that you swear helps with the migraines?” Pepper’s eyebrows rose in a brief show of surprise, which made sense; they’d all worked so hard to treat Tony as his own man, entirely separate from his counterpart, that moments like this where he knew things they hadn’t told him were bound to be a bit jarring.
“Stop telling me you can’t. The lack of faith you have in yourself borders on absurd, and it stops right here, right now. I’ll never ask you for anything I’m not one hundred percent certain you are capable of. If you truly think I’m wrong, you have your safewords, and you should always feel free to use them if you need to. Otherwise, you trust me, and you trust yourself, and you
. You were angry because your lovers, by requiring you to care for yourself and for them to at least a minimal degree, obligated you to remain living when you wished to be otherwise. It is understandable that as tired and as devastated as you have been by the many losses you have faced in your life that this made you angry. But if you wish to move forward, then you need to decide whether or not this demand they have placed on you is something you are capable of accepting and forgiving them for.”
being fed and Bruce had just—Natasha silenced him with a look, but he still allowed himself a single discontented grumble.
“College applications,” Steve invents. He doesn’t even feel that guilty about the lie. Peter is, after all, an incredibly conscientious kid. If he isn’t currently working on the applications, he’s probably catching up on homework or something equally studious.
It was longer than a standard pillow, rectangular and heavy. A press with his foot left an imprint that took close to a minute to fully smooth out again (probably memory foam in there then.) The fabric was well-worn in places, but had obviously been cared for well, no signs of staining or discolouration.
“Well I suppose that’s reassuring. What I was actually referring to, though, was your tendency to idealize the people and places of your past as a response to traumatic loss.”
“I—she caught me sneaking out to patrol, and she kinda lost it. Said that if I was determined to kill myself then she couldn’t sit by and watch anymore.” Tony grunted as if he’d been hit, and Steve wondered what about the words had been so hard for him to hear. (Now was not the time to ask, but he'd definitely come back to it some day.)   “Can I stay here for awhile? Not long, I’ve been saving up for my own place and if I cut back a little more on school hours I’ll be able to afford it sooner, but I’m not quite there yet. And I don’t know where else to go.”
“There would be two rules that would be non-negotiable, beyond our usual safewords and limits. I want another Dominant here. Clearly there was already something I missed last night, and this will be the first major pain you’ve taken. I want a second set of eyes monitoring both of us to make sure things don’t go too far.” The thought of someone else seeing Tony so completely out of control was slightly humiliating, but he was ready to agree to pretty much anything at this point. He nodded. “I also need to be extremely clear that I am not willing to punish you for whatever it is you’re about to tell me, especially when I don’t even know what it is. If you need to think of it as punishment at all, instead of just the strategic use of pain to help you work past some intimacy barriers, the only way I’m comfortable framing it is as punishment for not coming to me with this sooner, before it became such a source of stress and upset. Are we agreed?”
“Maybe Barnes can lead him through it?” Rhodey added. Bucky, who had slowly migrated across the room so that he was standing within just a few feet of James, startled as the rope was pressed into his hands. As alarmed as Bucky seemed, though, it was a pretty brilliant idea. Co-topping with Tony while still being in the somewhat Dominant position of teaching Tony something, it was as close to a practice scene as they could really get.. Apparently deciding after a panicked glance around the room that no one was going to protest this turn of events, Bucky huffed and made his way over to Tony and Thor, the latter of whom had moved so that he stood in front of the bar Steve had mentioned.
As a compromise, he pressed himself up against Tony’s back, nosing under his ear and pressing feather-light kisses to the side of his neck. The touch helped, and Steve could maybe have been okay enough with just that, but Tony began to stir, making little mumbling and snuffing noises as he dragged himself slowly to consciousness. And God but it was a relief to see his eyes, to find that he didn’t turn away from Steve in fear or regret. Steve gripped him tighter, then drew the sheet away to inspect the parts of Tony that hadn’t been visible while he slept.
would he stay…wherever he is? What if they’re holding him there involuntarily, or he’s being drugged or coerced or—”
“Are you kidding? An escape room designed by the Avengers? This is fucking brilliant. Although I hope it gets a little more challenging than sliding a magnet around a piece of glass.” The magnet was even on a table right next to the maze, for goodness sake, had the team no faith at all in he and Clint? Tony held the thing up above the ring, not even bothering to look. It fell to the ground. “What the…” he tried again, this time with a little less ogling of Clint’s biceps and a bit more focus. The magnet hit the floor again. Tony eyed the equipment in the corner with a little more intent. It was everything he would need to safely heat something to—
“Tony will want him at Pres,” Steve and Rhodes said in unison, grinning weakly at one another. (It could have been way worse, Steve supposed. This was their first major crisis with Rhodey as their partner, and if the two of them had wanted to go in different directions, it might have gotten tense quickly.)
“Then it’ll be a thousand and one. I’ll be in the front, on the right. If there’s something you don’t know, or don’t want to answer, cough twice. If you need to end things earlier than is scheduled, yawn.” Tony nodded impatiently, making a ‘get on with it’ gesture which was abruptly stopped when Pepper seized his hand in her own. Her mouth opened and shut several times, and then she shook her head and bent down to press a kiss to the back of Tony’s hand in lieu of whatever she’d tried and failed to say.
Whatever Phil was getting at it was not a conversation that Tony was particularly interested in having. The passive voice thing…he was identifying something Tony hadn’t even realized he’d learned to do after a while of writing mission reports with his old team. But short of perhaps Pepper at her most furious, no one had ever made Tony feel pinned in place solely with their words quite as effectively as Coulson was doing, and he’d managed it without ever raising his voice an octave.
“I didn’t kick you anywhere, Tony. You told me you were leaving. Should I have barricaded the door? Set Hulk outside?” Steve asked. “And I don’t see our friendship as ruined in any way. I
“How are the eggs?” Steve teased, gesturing to the mostly untouched plate in front of his teammate. Thor glared halfheartedly.
“It’s only a couple days, buddy. You be good for me in the meantime, yeah? I wanna come back to a healthy, happy sub.” It felt comforting to be reminded that Rhodey would be back, and that he’d still care about Tony’s behaviour in the meantime, though Tony still pouted his way through lunch, at least until Rhodey reached out to flick lightly at his bottom lip. “Put that away and gimme a hug goodbye, brat.”
In some ways I would say that their dynamic is a rarity. The taboo against workplace orientation is so embedded in North American culture that even partners who do work together usually endeavour to avoid even a hint of orientational dynamics intersecting with their workplace roles. However, SHIELD missions are unpredictable and can occasionally be extended beyond past when deprivation might otherwise set in, or involve circumstances that trigger a need for orientation-based support. As a result, there are occasional temporary power exchanges between agents.
She’d stolen it from the Red Room shortly before her graduation. She’d always admired the firebird’s ambiguous role in mythology, had sought to emulate the way its glowing, majestic plumage served both as a blessing and a warning, lighting the way for some while bringing about the destruction of the unworthy. The form of the vase had spoken to Natasha as well; it was painted in the Khokhloma style, a lacquered gold background featuring the firebird, as well as berries, flowers, and leaves in vivid reds and greens. It had felt so inappropriately decadent in the sparse, brutal architecture of the Red Room, and it had been the very first thing Natasha could ever remember really
“Gonna try to ignore me, punk? I can do this all day, ya know. I mean, would I rather find our sub and—”
Steve and Bucky had worked hard to rebuild their relationship over the past several weeks, and Steve had never been more grateful (or irritated) by that than he was right now. While the others had respected his desire to withdraw from company, Bucky had given him less than a day before he’d used his security codes, the ones that were supposed to be strictly for emergencies, and strolled onto Steve’s floor like he owned the place. He didn’t make Steve talk, but he did force food and water on him at regular intervals, and curl up at Steve’s feet with all the soft sweetness that had once characterized his submission, but which was far more rare a display now. It was impossible for Steve’s instincts not to be soothed by that, to want to reach out and stroke Bucky’s hair and lean down to brush soft kisses against the back of his neck.
Pepper Potts is a category 3 submissive, though this ranking is somewhat debatable. Her family insisted she be classified according to the older models (those which considered only biochemical factors and ignored social indicators.) It is possible with those factors considered she might have have been classified as a category 4 or 5 switch.
Bruce was right, there was still a part of Tony that didn’t want any more information about his orientation than he already had. The last round of testing he’d done in this area had ended in such a complete disaster that he was still paying the price for it, and what if Bruce’s tests yielded bad news?
. He stormed from the room without a word to anyone. En route to the elevator, he heard Tony demand to see Rhodes and then fall silent.
“Why not tell him that, then?” Tony asked, recalling his own scene with Natasha. The pain had been awful, but it had also helped, and if that was what Clint felt like he needed there was no reason for Coulson to refuse, was there? The archer smiled a little too knowingly for Tony’s tastes. (The team had definitely been gossiping again.)
This…this was different. The scale of the destruction was impossible for her to even comprehend; it stretched in every direction she looked, as far as she could see. There were open portals and the lingering traces of other magic, bodies strewn across the ground with no care or ceremony…several of which vanished to dust in front of Natasha’s eyes.
The events of the Battle of New York were nearly identical to those of the MCU. You are correct, however, to suspect that Phillip Coulson’s role was different. The wound he sustained from Loki was not quite as severe; while Colonel Fury was technically correct when he used the fact of Coulson’s being near death to spur the Avengers on, he ended up making a near-total recovery. (He also punched Colonel Fury for fouling his Captain America cards.)
“Why didn’t you safeword?” He’d demanded to know over and over again, pointing out with painstaking precision the numerous moments where it would have been smarter for Tony to let his Dominant know what was going on in his head. (Steve had also had to be forcibly held back by three members of the team from going after Sunset, but Tony was more worried about Natasha on that front, honestly. She’d been ominously quiet during the whole conversation.)
What does category 6 switch mean? How many categories are there? What are the categories of doms and subs? (Sorry that’ll probably end up being a lot of information. :P You don’t have to answer all of it.)
“No,” he repeated, drawing his hands back and away. Unable to witness the hurt that he knew would be drawing her face into tight lines now, he stood and began to pace. “I’m not…I can’t be who you want, alright? I’m leaving today. All I need from you is for you tell me if your Stark had any kind of provisions in his will for this kind of situation.”
Rhodey was, at heart, an optimist. Despite his own rather more cynical view of the world, Tony was not generally inclined to try to persuade his best friend out of this mindset, given that it was the reason that Tony himself had ever made it out of the desert. But even he had to know that Tony’s being summoned by his entire team several hours after Pepper, Dr. Chimva, and Rhodey himself had briefed them on all the things Tony had been keeping from them couldn’t possibly be a good thing.
But, as Pepper had clearly elucidated for him once Tony and Clint had gone off to bed yesterday, the success of Tony’s coming out rose and fell primarily on the dynamic between he and Steve. In the eyes of the press, their bond had been untouchable, a flawless, impossible love story that others could only dream of emulating. The facts—that Tony was deeply uncomfortable with his submission, that he and Steve still argued, viciously at times, that the rest of their partners were essential to both of them—were wiped away in favour of a convenient, aspirational narrative.
“This is still about Tony, but a more immediate concern. I think he’s avoiding me.” There were many drunken protests that this couldn’t possibly true, that everyone loved Phil, all of which he waved away. Even drunk, Clint mused, his partner was hella-efficient. “No, seriously. He hasn’t sent any pictures to me all week, and I’m pretty sure he ducked into another room when he saw me in the halls at SHIELD the other day.”
“Let your hips open up for him, beautiful. Trust me, you want your muscles as relaxed as they can be for this.” If Bucky’s nearness was a surprise, the absolute Dominance threaded through the seemingly gentle suggestion was stunning. Tony’s body was responding before his mind could even comprehend it.
Every time Steve let his thoughts linger for any length of time on what Howard had done, he inevitably ended up bent over a toilet puking his guts up. This was not one of his therapist-approved coping strategies. He sighed.
“Oh yeah. One of my first jobs with SHIELD was just outside of Oslo, I know the area well. It was also, incidentally, the first time Coulson ever swore over open comms.”
This babbled confession/rant was greeted with a silence so thick and extended that it seemed to swallow the room whole. Even Tony’s breathing, which he knew was loud from agitation, and from the tightness in his chest, seemed absorbed by the vacuum it created. When Steve finally spoke it should have come as a relief, except that his voice came out cold and ravaged and nothing at all like how Steve was supposed to sound.
As soon as he hung up, Steve lasted all of four minutes before he was in his room, whispering as if he were sneaking into a movie theatre.
“We really need to get some food and water into him. And Pepper wants to speak to Nat at some point, whenever we trade shifts.”
“Nope.” He had popped the ‘p,’ just to be obnoxious, and Bruce gave him what was undoubtedly a pity-smile.
He was not, however, quite so ready to accept it that he was actually prepared to see Tony. Naturally, Bucky didn’t care a whit. When Tony requested entry to the floor for the fifth time that day, Bucky hurriedly agreed, reaching up to throw his hand over Steve’s mouth when he attempted to protest.
Of all the Avengers, Clint was the one she would have expected such a cool welcome from the least. He always seemed so easy-going and calm, particularly when compared to the many higher strung members of the team. But there was nothing relaxed about the way he towered over Pepper, leaving her just enough room to step out of the elevator without getting caught in the doors. The use of physical intimidation, even if unintentional, was galling, especially given the garbage she was facing at SI. She deliberately stepped into his space, crossing her arms.
At one point, when they’ve turned the TV on to watch Ted Lasso, Steve reaches over and hands Peter a bowl of popcorn. It’s covered in nacho cheese, the kind that’s one ingredient away from plastic. Peter loves the stuff, and Steve is so revolted by it that he often tries to hide it in various corners of the compound.  Peter takes a huge handful, partly out of teenaged, contrary spite, and partly because he recognizes a fake-cheese-olive-branch when he sees one.
“I know it’s a little weird to see he and Pepper so close, but you have to try to reign it in,” Steve advised quietly, unearthing an unopened bag of bell peppers in the fridge and beginning to cut them up. Clint growled.
Peter stopped by his and May’s apartment to deposit the suit and change out of his still-damp clothes. He changed four separate times. Given that neither he nor May had done laundry in two weeks, leaving Peter with one clean pair of jeans and two decent t-shirts, this was particularly absurd. Disgusted with himself, he finally pulled the Hoth shirt back over his head. After a long moment of hesitation, he stuffed the spidey-suit back in his backpack and slung it over his shoulders.
“I’m assuming Taskmaster didn’t talk? Not that I officially know anything about all that, of course.” Pepper smiled sweetly and took a delicate sip of the expensive coffee she’d had delivered to her in the Tower conference room they were meeting in. Steve laughed aloud, wondering again (and not even for the first time during that particular conversation) how it was that he’d never reached out to Pepper before, when the other Tony had still been alive. She was funny and whip-smart, compassionate without compromising on the things that really mattered. She was…well, a lot like Peggy, actually.
“Kid, really, I’m in no hurry to go anywhere anytime soon. I promise that I’m not fucking around with safety measures. I spend my days surrounded by the most highly trained spies and specialists in the world, and then I come home to Earth’s Mightiest Heroes. What better protection could I ask for, huh?”
“If you’re done glaring at me, Tones, I can tell you my plan for the day?” Tony rather thought the whole point of this was that the planning was up to him, and he was too tired and heartsick to not say so directly. Rhodey leaned back in his chair and sighed heavily. “Yeah, I know you need time to yourself to figure shit out, but Banner was right. We gotta balance that against the things your body and your head need to stay right. Since sex ain’t an option for us,” Tony wrinkled his nose, and Rhodey laughed in agreement, “I gotta do the things I can to help keep the submissive parts of you happy. So your mornings are gonna belong to me. We’ll eat breakfast, we’ll get some exercise—don’t bitch, you got cortisol wreaking all kinds of havoc on your system and exercise
“No. I was cautious of Stark at first, it’s my job to be. But I lost him once, and have been losing you every day since. There is nothing,
The armour took two steps passed the workshop door and then opened. Pepper stepped out of it, an avenging angel in a flawless Armani suit, and even though she stumbled slightly as her heel caught the edge of the boot it was still going to go down as one of the top ten entrances Tony had ever seen.
These were officially becoming Tony’s least favourite words on the planet. He and Pepper tended to come at problems in very different ways: she needed to start at the big, broad, conceptual stuff and then work her way in to the minutiae of something. Tony was the opposite—he was a mechanic first, always had been, and he needed to dig his hands into the smallest pieces of a problem before he bothered with the broader apparatus surrounding it. Just because he could understand abstractions didn’t mean he enjoyed starting there. Their polarized approaches tended to serve he and Pepper well when they worked as a team, but it also meant that they usually wanted to stab each other with something sharp when they were nearing the end of a project.
This was the closest they’d ever come to acknowledging that day since it had happened. Steve’s mouth was suddenly dry.
“It’s exciting, isn’t it?” There was definitely zero doubt in his mind, now, that leaving SI in Pepper’s hands had been good for more than just the company. Tony had never seen Pepper quite like this; she was exhausted but alight with possibility, exuding the same kind of  coarse, untamed delight that Tony usually found down in the shop. The points of her cheeks were flushed with colour that could never be matched by makeup, and her hair was spilling out of a messy pony-tail she had slept on at least twice without fixing, and he spared a bittersweet few seconds to hope that something, whether it was SI or something else entirely, would make the Pepper in his previous universe look like this someday.
“Uh, yeah, there’s definitely—yeah. We can do pizza. You can stay down here until it gets here if you want, I can always have FRIDAY let you know when it gets here.” Peter shook his head, already rising to his feet and turning his back on the bots without another glance. The only thing more painful than the whole ‘next Iron Man’ thing was the idea that Steve was looking at him and seeing the next Tony Stark. He wasn’t going to add any fuel to that fire.
“I…Steve, Sir, I can’t.” It was one thing to have Steve hold him down and put his head into that soft, sticky, slow realm of subspace, but this…his parted legs tried to slide together, but Steve planted his hands on both of Tony’s thighs.
“Wait, JARVIS was a person?” It wasn’t the most important question to ask, but maybe that’s exactly why Steve felt able to ask it. The other topics on his mind were too big. By comparison, this was something solid. Easy to take in.
“Kinda,” he shrugged. “The other me, I guess his issues with alcohol were a lot worse than mine. There’s still a bar upstairs, but it’s mostly a show piece. He either never put in a wine cellar down here, or he took it out a long time ago.”
“So you said fuck you very much.” He couldn’t remember if Pepper had answered this already, but Tony also didn’t need to hear her say it to know it would be true. No version of Pepper would ever have cowered before the worst members of the SI Board; she was smart, stubborn, and one of the bravest people Tony had ever known. Across from him, her smile was warm and pleased as she nodded, then paused to kick off her heels and curl her feet underneath her before she offered more of a reply.
“I…I don’t remember much about the fight. She…she had us separated for most of it, spread across the city chasing our own tails. I was in Queens, I remember because she was all for symbolism, so she had me running through Flushing Meadows by all the old Wold’s Fair relics. But I don’t remember how many guys I fought or—I mean, the Fridge was
Two days later, the Avengers were called out. Somehow, the blaring sound of the call to assemble managed to actually startle Tony. He’d lived the entire period between the Battle of New York and the final war against Thanos on edge, always waiting for the next strike. (Christ, he didn’t even know if Thanos was still alive here, how did he not know? Had he really taken the security of this universe so much for granted?)
Replies to comments from last chapter are also going to have to wait until tomorrow. I'm sorry, team! But I still absolutely love and appreciate hearing from all of you, and please keep those comments and kudos and questions coming <3
“Alright. Let’s get these carpal tunnel tests done so I can finally get Clint off my back. He’s harassing me daily now about when he’s going to get to tie you up.” This image rather short-circuited Tony’s brain, and he grumbled regretfully as he called the other key rule of check-ins: no sex.
“You’ve done well by telling me what you needed, Tony. I know praise is…complicated given why we’re here in the first place, but you need to know that. I’m not disappointed, mad, or in any way upset. Can you repeat that for me please?” He managed it—stuttering awkward, but Tony was able to restate the bulk of what Phil had said, and he couldn’t help an answering smile when Coulson grinned at him. “Good. Now, I’m assuming from the fact that you used a yellow that you don’t need the scene to stop entirely, just slow down. Is that correct?”
“Tony,” she said again. She’s always been able to make his name a complete sentence, the meaning ranging from everything from a virulent curse to something resembling a prayer. Just now it sounded like she was trying to speak him into existence, like Tony was hovering on the edge of being real or a phantom and Pepper’s voice was going to be the deciding factor. (You’d be better off with ghosts, Pep.)
The reminder that Tony was asking for this, that he had actively chosen pain over the prospect of further pleasure was somehow both humiliating and reassuring.
“I’m doin’ fine, Tony. It’s nice of you to come by; you’re a good friend. Do you want anything to eat or drink?”
He’d known, he supposed, that the fact that the team played together had to mean they would have rooms like this, offering the space and tools they needed to pick and choose from the wide array of kinky practices that made up their collective interests. Whenever he’d dared to imagine such a space, though, it had been nothing like this: it had been full of intimidating, advanced equipment and brutal, dungeon-esque architecture, not…not aftercare nooks and homey furniture and pink paint (and who the hell had even picked up on Tony’s undying affection for pink anyway?)
“You don’t have to be anything right now but mine,” she whispered, like she was reading Tony’s thoughts, like she was inside his very skin. Things went slightly fuzzy around the edges after that; before his brain really caught up, they were out of the tub and making their way into his room. On top of the bed, she had laid out several items; he recognized some of them from his research. The multi-tailed whip was a flogger, followed on its left by a leather paddle. Neither looked particularly harsh compared to some of what he’d seen online. He was a little less clear on what was lying beside it; it was made of bright purple silicone, and looked on first glance like a standard dildo. The cock was flattened and curved on the top in a specific way, though, which seemed to have something to do with the hole that sat atop the base, covered by a pair of…were those supposed to look like rabbit ears?
“And of course, I’m sure you’ve been filled in about events at SHIELD?” The guy had, at least, mastered the very few skills that he tended to use. The inquiry was careful and neutral; if Tony didn’t already have more information than Richards realized, and if he hadn’t saved this particular conversation for last, Tony might even have been fooled into thinking this was merely idle conversation.
Phil’s first reaction had nearly been to laugh. It was utterly absurd, unthinkable, to imagine. Particularly after he and Tony had first gotten together, it had been all Steve could do to push past his Dominant instincts to protect and shield in order to strike Tony during training exercises. They’d worked through it, of course, because Tony would never have stood for team leader taking it easy on him, but still the notion of a Steve willing to incapacitate Tony, compounding the unspeakable error he’d already made by concealing vital information from Tony sounded like a version of Steve Rogers that Phil would have had very little interest in knowing. (A few weeks ago Phil never would have thought such a thing possible, which was a mark of just how bizarre this other universe seemed to be.)
Even this morning, the entire team felt like they were keeping an overly close eye on Tony during breakfast. It was sweet, of course, but also unnerving to go from feeling like he needed to scream for attention in his own universe to having people analyzing his every muscle twitch.
And yet there atop Steve’s tree sat a beautifully painted angel in white, who looked just enough like Steve’s mother that he wondered if it was truly an accident the way Tony claimed. It was exactly the kind of thing Tony would do, after all, to lie only when he was afraid of caring too obviously or too deeply. (God but Steve loved him.)
Before learning that something had apparently gone down in Rogers’ therapy sessions (and holy shit was it still bizarre to think of a version of the man invested enough in his own mental health to actually be in therapy), Tony had found himself hoping their conversation would mean Cap’s stops in the penthouse might become more frequent. Now…well, that appeared to be on hold.
“You think I’m going to leave you here, drunk off alien liquor, when we have no idea how it’s going to continue to affect you? That might be the most insulting thing you’ve ever said to me, which is saying something given that you broke up with me for my own protection like you were straight out of
(As a sidenote, I might be a bit behind replying to comment this week, but they are coming I swear! And the Doctor will be posting tomorrow as usual so feel free to get your questions in!)
Impulsively, he dropped a kiss onto Aunt May’s cheek on his way into the apartment. He even invited her out for dinner, knowing how much she hated cooking after a long shift, but she shook her head.
“For letting you die. For, please, Nat, I swear I didn’t mean to, I tried, I…so hard, I tried, no one would listen but I should have made them, I should have…” A small, cool hand replaced the paddle; Natasha’s hand felt like a balm against his heated skin, and he sobbed in relief and guilt and sorrow. Eventually there were other hands, moving Tony off of Natasha’s lap and twisting him up and onto one side, so they could hold him without Tony having to put pressure on any of his sorest places.
“We could just ask him,” Natasha pointed out, shrugging when the others turned to stare at her. “Look, I like the idea of us planning the bonding ceremony, but the fact is that on top of the fact that it’s a tradition from his universe we’re talking about, Tony is a damn good event planner, and he might actually
The two did warm to one another considerably during their sojourn to the 1970s; there was, I believe, a very near kiss at one point. But before that particular spark could be much more than slightly fanned, Stark learned of his ties to the Soul Stone, and after that he kept Rogers at arms-length as best he could, fearing he would not live through the final battle against Thanos.
“This,” Pepper said, jabbing an accusing thumb toward the suit, “showed up in my office this morning and it won’t leave me alone. Tony won’t take my calls, and JARVIS says he’s instituted some kind of lockdown on the shop that even my access codes aren’t able to override. Someone had better start talking.”
“December 16, yeah. I thought maybe you and I should take a little trip together. Come on, get bundled up.”
Peter finally gets to experience the usual pains of teenage life in the form of romantic confusion. Tony struggles with allowing his partners to be involved in his relationship with Peter.
When Bucky and Steve had explained their idea for the playroom decorating scheme, however, she had known pretty much instantly what she wanted to add. She’d resisted the idea for a while, frightened both by the intimacy of it, of how much it would lay bare. But Steve had already caught her crafting a box for a collar they hadn’t even given Tony yet; it wasn’t like she had a whole lot of mystery left where Tony was concerned.
My own visions are not perfect, especially when I am under the kind of constraints I was on Titan. My initial impression was that Stark would perish during the final battle against Thanos. So initially I was relieved to realize it was otherwise. It is rather difficult to keep the truth of his existence in another universe from those who love and are missing him, and Peter in particular is not making it easy. He and Mr. Keener are secretly (or what they believe to be secretly, anyway) attempting to seek Stark out, correctly believing he is not dead. If they get far I may have to intervene; Stark is correct in assuming that contact between the universes could be catastrophic, resulting in (among other things) both his and Natasha Romanov’s deaths, or even the potential undoing of the team’s success against Thanos.
“Who said anything about shutting it down? Look, the gag order that covers this place means it’s literally the only place in the city the press can’t crash. And the collaring can still be public as hell; that’s the one most people will care about anyway, and I don’t have any issues with them seeing it.” This was, in truth, rather an understatement. Tony didn’t just not mind. He’d fought long and hard to really feel like he belonged in this universe, like the submission that he had to offer was as true and honest as everyone else’s, and he was eager to celebrate the moment when the team would place the symbolic lock on the collar he already wore with pretty much as many people who wanted to join them. “But the wedding…I mean, it’s just for us, for
For what felt like a long time after the video-call ended, Steve simply watched. To most observers it wouldn’t appear that there was much to bother noting. Masdee was consulting with C’Chemi about the likelihood of T’Challa ever green-lighting Shuri’s proposal to use the exhibition, and herself, to draw the brothers in; Talia remained tucked into the same corner of the tent she’d been in most of the morning, reviewing the thin files containing all the confirmed intel they had on Kaikara and Ochen Ssenjovu. She and Masdee didn’t exchange longing stares or find transparent reasons to interact with one another. There simply hadn’t been enough time for that kind of bond to develop, and if Steve and Talia left within the next few hours with the UN team, nothing was ever likely to come of any of the hints of chemistry that seemed to exist between them.
“Come on Sugar Cookie. I bet we can talk Rhodes here into making us one of those big breakfasts you’ve said he’s famous for. Everything will look a little better after some food, I promise.”
When Steve stepped out of the elevator, Coulson was waiting for him in a crisp black suit, identical to what he would have worn to SHIELD. There was not a submissive line in his body, from the high, tight set of his shoulders down to his perfectly-shined dress shoes, which sounded an even, steady rhythm against the floor as he stepped forward to greet Steve. Well, greet was the wrong word—what happened next was decidedly more of an assessment. Coulson’s eyes moved in a familiar pattern along Steve’s frame, the same one he always used to inspect the team after missions. It was a slightly different order depending on which member of the Avengers he was examining; Steve’s most frequently injured or strained sites were his head, hands, and back, so unless there were immediately visible issues elsewhere, Coulson started there. He always saved actually looking any of them in the face for last, and even though Steve knew better now than he used to the types of tells Coulson would be seeking out (pupillary response to light and stimulus, tension in the muscles around the eyes and mouth, dryness of lips indicating dehydration if the mission had been extended or in a difficult climate), this last step always left Steve feeling unbearably, inescapably exposed.
“Thank you.” Coulson’s voice had Tony shooting up. “It’s comforting to know that you’re blaming the right person.”
“It is not without precedent that you are mistrustful of me.” Loki put a hand on Thor’s arm. “Be calm, brother. You cannot force your friends to be comfortable around me.”
“Don’t leave me again,” Bucky ordered, pushing himself up so that he sat next to Steve and Tony. “I can deal with anything but that.”
Steve laughed. “Well, it’s good to have you here regardless of the motivation.” He nodded towards the four people watching them. “We could use your help.”
Sam frowned. “From what I’m reading, Set isn’t actually on earth. There’s something here about a pocket dimension and Set being able to access his powers by means of the crown.” He scratched his belly. “I’ll have to wade through a whole bunch of crap to find out some part of the truth. Wikipedia isn’t exactly long on accuracy.”
“That might actually work better,” Tony said, bending his head to the tablet again. Bucky’s big hands guided him through the corridors of the White House as he did furious calculations.
Tony grabbed Bucky’s hand. “What he said,” he smiled at Bucky to show he meant it. “You have nothing to be sorry for.”
Tony felt a little offended. “I was in love with Pepper. I wasn’t planning on getting a new bed-buddy overnight.”
“Nat, you know that you and Bruce were something.” He held his ground even when she turned an icy gaze on him. “We all saw it.”
“Squash?” he bleated as the door closed behind him. “I’m not actually an ant. You know this, right?”
Steve reached out and ran a gentle finger down Tony’s cheek. “Would you make fun of me if I asked you to go steady with me?”
Steve wasn’t exactly expecting a warm welcome, but the chilly reception from Vision, who had made better time from the hospital than they had, was disconcerting. “Hey Vision, good to see you again.”
Bruce looked around at them. “If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?”
“What’s his angle?” Bucky asked, echoing Steve thoughts as he sat beside. The cryogenic chamber had been destroyed by Wanda’s magic so there was no other option other than keeping an eye on Bucky. Steve had been ‘volunteered’ for the job.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Because everything about us is so normal.” Sassy Steve was definitely in charge today. Tony thought.
Tony shivered. “I’m going to fuck it up.” He dropped to the bed, shirt still in his hands. “I always fuck things up.”
That moment came soon enough, everything felt loose and open as Steve’s cock practically touched the inside of Tony’s belly. “Oh.”
“So, you think I’m like Ross, huh?” Tony asked as he sat back in his chair. “You think I’ll abuse my power and experiment on you. Try to get you to fall in with my own agenda?”
Steve looked at Tony. “I’m not going anywhere,” he said. He didn’t want to leave Tony. Not while his eyes were still haunted and his skin was damp with sweat.
Steve exchanged a glance with Tony who looked as curious as Steve felt about what she was discovering in his mind.
Steve sputtered, quietly because he didn't want to wake anyone up, but sputtered. “You're back in my life for five minutes and already giving me shit?”
Tony sat down, grabbing Rhodey’s hand. “I know how much you love me, Butterball, but let’s keep it PG for the kids, okay?”
Tony scrubbed a hand through his hair. “Do you have any idea how many times I picked up my phone to call him?” he asked. “About a hundred.”
Bruce nodded. “Maybe start with the Senate?” he suggested carefully. “The Superhuman Registration Act goes up for vote tomorrow.”
“What’s going on and why wasn’t I invited?” Clint appeared at Tony’s shoulder, holding on to Coulson’s hand. Tony still had nightmares about Agent Agent and Birdbrain being an actual couple. Something in the universe had gone very wrong.
Steve wanted to laugh and cry in equal measure. “Thanks, Barton. That was exceptionally helpful.” He looked at them. “Are we agreed?”
“I understood that reference,” Steve declared, a grin on his face. “Lethal Weapon, right?” Tony wanted to eat him up in tiny little bites. And then make him come his brains out.
He staggered out of bed, every muscle aching after pulling an all-nighter with Jarvis. “This had better be an actual, real-life emergency, Jim-boy.” he grumbled into the phone.
Tony wiped his eyes. “We’re actually pretty good at saving the world,” he said once he’d caught his breath again. Bruce was still hiccoughing as Natasha helpfully smacked his back. “We’ve managed to do it a few times already.”
Loki’s gaze snapped up to meet Thor’s. “She has laid bare all of my secrets,” he whispered. Steve felt a moment’s sympathy. He knew what Wanda’s magic could do. What it could make you feel and believe.
Clint’s headshake was short and vicious. “It was a choice he made. Rumlow, I mean. He wasn’t brainwashed like Bucky was.”
“Tony Stark doesn’t say things he doesn’t mean,” Natasha said. “Not to the people who are important to him.”
“I remember seeing such a creature, once,” Thor said. “However, it was much larger and less… fluffy.” He frowned, paused. “Perhaps it was not such a creature after all.”
Steve hated seeing Tony like this. Like he was fragile and breakable. “I don't want to leave.” He blurted it out, sounding like a child.
Apologies for the late chapter. I've had the mother of all gastro - plus side I'm down about 3kg/7lb so silver linings.
“And so the two of you fought over my honor like mature men in mortal combat?” Tony preened. Steve glared at him.
Steve had learned to read her micro expressions. “There isn’t,” he insisted. He ignored the soft look of pity that filled her gaze. “Tony doesn’t…” he stopped.
Steve stared at him, the lump in his throat too large to swallow over. “Tony, he… He killed your parents.” He wanted to make sure that Tony knew what he’d seen.
Steve stared down at him. “What’s going on, Tony?” he asked, keeping his voice low. As if that was going to stop the other nosey-parkers from listening in.
Steve was practically seething. “We've been combing the area for hours,” he gritted. “And we're no nearer to finding out where...”
“What are you all talking about?” Sam strolled over with Wanda and Vision. “And why does Steve look constipated?”
Tony always twitched when he came into the S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters. He didn’t know why, possibly it was because he knew that every move, every word, was recorded and seen by Nicky Fury.
“I’m a fucking genius, genius.” Rhodey sounded awfully proud of himself. “Besides, I watched you looking at them like they were cream and you were an awfully big cat.”
“They’ve always thought you were cute.” Natasha’s mouth curled a little. “But they didn’t think you were interested.”
Steve had another flash of Tony falling out of the sky. “I really don't think Tony is thinking too clearly about going to space.” He met Rhodey’s gaze. “It didn’t go so well the last time.”
Thor frowned. “Taneleer Tivan is one of the Elders of the Universe. He has dedicated his life to collect artifacts and living beings to place them out of danger.” He sounded offended at Tony’s suggestion.
The twinge of hurt Steve felt at hearing that Tony hadn’t wanted to see him was unexpectedly painful. “I’m sorry we’re imposing on you.”
Thor put a big hand on Loki’s thigh. “You have begun your atonement already, but we must get all falsehood cleared between us so that we can enjoy the time we have left together.” He was suddenly all careful attention again.
“Oh, fuck you!” Clint shook his hand off. “As if Laura would expect me to sit back and let you all run into space without me.”
He sighed. “Both, I guess.” He ran a hand through his hair. “We have a long way to go, Tony and I, but I’m hopeful that we’ve started the process.”
Tony didn’t want to take the next step, but they had a job to do, and one thing Captain Steven Grant Rogers had taught him over the past few years was that the job came first. He braced himself for what was to come. “Whatever you hear,
Pierce’s smile was a little rueful. “Because you were the best and the most ruthless person I ever met.” Tony admired the guy’s cajones. He really wasn’t afraid of Fury like the rest of humanity.
“How come when you make Mama Rhodey’s cure it always looks more lethal than the cause?” Tony complained.
Bucky raised an eyebrow. “You getting in?” he asked. Tony took a breath. “You think too much, Tony.” He walked to where Tony stood with his toothbrush hanging limply.
Billie looked at Steve. “You’ve cheated me as well,” she noted. “But I like you so I’m not mad.” Dean mumbled something under his breath that had Sam chuckle. “What?” she asked.
“Mean what?” Steve frowned, trying to remember the things that he’d said the past couple of days. He couldn’t remember ever having talked so much in his entire life.
Barnes shook his head slowly. “Not entirely,” he admitted. “It’s like pieces of him are still stuck to me like a snake skin and I’m peeling them off bit by bit.”
“Yeah, that doesn’t sound good,” Rhodey said. “I’m guessing that’s why he’s creating this army of followers here.”
“Not really,” Rhodey said from Steve’s other side. “Tony’s always been an equal opportunity sort of guy. As he explained it to me once, why deprive half of the earth’s population of the chance to be with him.” Rhodey snorted a laugh. “Cocky son of a bitch.”
“It’s still not accepted everywhere,” Rhodey said. “Tony’s not really the most discreet person in the world though, so we stopped trying to hide that he chose from all corners of the dating pool.”
Tony looked a little too pleased at being able to creep up on Steve. “Inflation,” he said waving a casual hand. “So, what was it that sent you running? The probability of death, or the possibility of having to report to me?” He said it so casually, a throw-away line that cut at Steve.
Tony sighed. “Man, I can’t believe I missed that,” he complained. “That’s like showing a thirsty man a river and then making him walk the other way.”
“What part of me saying that I’m not going anywhere did you not understand?” Steve pulled Tony up into a hug. “I won’t make that mistake ever again."
Pepper was gone. Happy. Fury. Hill. T’Challa. Shuri. Lang. Pym. Clint’s family. Tony couldn’t even imagine what that had done to Barton. He’d been out. Free. And that purple fucking nightmare had taken them all away without a moment’s remorse.
Tony nodded at him. “Well, Secretary, then General, Ross decided to try to develop it for the purpose of using it on American soldiers a few years ago.” There was a sort of hum of muttering around the room. “Bruce Banner was on that project.”
have been happy. Bucky was alive. After all these years, Bucky was alive. It should have been cause for celebration.
Steve decided to step in. “Alright, enough.” He gave each of them a hard look. “We have bigger things to worry about.”
“We could contact NASA?” Coulson suggested. “But I seriously doubt they would lend us one of the space shuttles.”
“And you don’t have Potts cooties on you?” Tony’s eyebrow arched and Rhodey’s dark skin went a shade darker.
Tony recognized emotional manipulation when it smacked him upside the head. He was too comfortable to call Bucky on it though. “Going to space,” he mumbled into his pillow.
Bucky’s gaze sharpened. “Shit.” Bucky took off after Tony, abandoning Steve about a minute after he’d found him again.
. In fact, he was so buzzed on adrenalin that he doubted he’d sleep for a week. “It’s okay…” he began.
“Charming? Handsome? Amazingly intelligent?” Tony suggested with a little leer and a tilt of his head.
Natasha looked down at her phone. “Done,” she said, smirking. “And it’s trending.” Tony watched in horror as the council members suddenly collapsed, smoke billowing from their chests. Pierce held up a remote as Fury and Natasha turned their guns back on him.
He chuckled while Fury was led around the dance floor by a beaming Hill. That way lay nightmares for sure.
Steve told her never to try to manipulate them, that it would end badly for everyone. He also spoke to Pietro, telling him to watch out for his sister, to keep her from breaking open and leaking destruction over the world. Pietro looked at him, head tilted to the side. “How do you know this about my sister?” he asked, suspicion woven into his veins.
“Don't you try make Bruce your blankie, you asshat.” Rhodey was honestly the only person whoever got to talk to Tony like this and live. This time, however, Tony started planning his revenge. It would be slow, painful, and served ice-cold.
Steve stood. “Come on, Stark. I think it’s time you took a time-out.” He strolled across the lab, all loose limbs, and stupid muscles. Tony wanted to lick him from head to toe.
Skurge held out a hand over the split of the abyss, and Tony watched in awe as snow trickled from his fingers. He gaped as the snowflakes seemed to pull together, forming stairs of ice winding down into the earth. “That is fucking amazing,” he breathed.
Steve decided that he was going to be the better guy here. He could see the way Bucky looked at Tony. Like he'd hung the moon and strung the stars. He wasn't going to get in the way of that sort of thing.
Tony wanted to hit his head against something hard. “It’s an expression,” he explained for what felt like the millionth time. How was Vision so fucking smart and yet so fucking stupid when it came to applying that brain? “Seriously, Buck, Steve’s pissed off at me because he wasn’t called to Ross’ office as the big bad leader of the Avengers?”
“I do not know if the child is male or female.” Loki looked grey and old suddenly. He rubbed a hand over his face. “It is an ugly tale.”
“No.” Tony stepped in front of him. “I’ll be taking point on this one.” He met Steve’s mutinous gaze. “I’m not negotiating on this one, Cap.” It was a small thing, but it was something he could do. Maybe he was thinking of this as his own atonement for the utter betrayal of his friendship of Steve. The memories were getting dimmer, but they still hurt.
Steve quickly undressed. Bucky’s eyes gleamed. “Anyone ever tell you that you’re awfully pretty, Stevie?” he drawled.
Steve wanted to shake him. He put a hand against the nearest wall. “Sorry, sweetheart, they're just jealous that you love me best,” he whispered.
“I do not lie!” Wanda propped her hands on her hips. “The crown has spoken to me!” She looked as though she wanted to do some smiting. Bruce went an interesting minty shade. Tony shot off a message to Natasha. She needed to get here before things got ugly and green.
“We are going to steal the Reality Stone from the Collector,” Thor told him, eager to assist. “It is a perilous task but Tony, our heroic Man of Iron believes that we shall succeed.”
Steve struggled with the thought that Bucky had felt safer with Tony than with him. “Then why didn’t you call later, let me know you were okay at least?”
Bucky strolled over to him, leaned down and whispered something that made Tony get a little flushed. Steve would have given his left nut to know what it was. Tony didn’t blush easily.
“Lots of money.” Tony held up a finger. “World famous superhero.” He held up a second. “Hung like a horse.” He stuck up his middle finger.
Tony threw up his hands. “As productive as this has been, I think I’m going to go back to my lab and try to figure out if Asgard is the center of a black hole or if it’s our universe that has that particular privilege.”
“What does he call himself?” Bucky asked Steve. “Genius?” He slid laughing eyes over Tony’s astounded face. “You look pretty stupid right now, genius. Close your mouth.”
Tony put a hand behind Steve’s head and brought his own face up. “Lies,” he whispered before kissing the fuck out of him.
That left Tony, Rhodes, Bucky and Steve sitting in the sunken living room off the kitchen, drinking beer and ignoring the generally uncomfortable silence.
Vision lowered his head in a regal nod. Tony ducked his head to avoid Steve's accusing eyes. He headed indoors and the others followed Tony’s lead.
Tony opened the partition. “We can head back home, Hap.” He ended the call without saying another word.
He was trying to be happy that Bucky had finally let himself be found. But why Tony? Why hadn’t Bucky come to him? And why hadn’t Tony let him know the moment he’d seen Bucky? He didn’t understand anything right now.
“Man, you have no idea how fucking angry I am right now,” Rhodey spat. “But my best friend somehow found it in him to give you all a place to hide while you sort your crap out. And then he freaked out so badly that he had a fucking heart attack. I really don’t give one tiny shit about your problems; so silence would be advisable for the foreseeable future. Capisce?”
“So we know that two out of six stones are still safe,” Steve said. “Anyone had any leads on that Soul Stone that Thor talked about?”
“I can open the door,” Thor said. “I think that we should keep your large green friend leashed until we really need him.” He lifted Mjolnir and smashed the door to smithereens.
“Would someone please give the big baby something to drink, and then get him the fuck out of the kitchen?” Rhodey yelled.
“You’ll love him almost as much as you loved me the first time you met me,” Tony assured her. “Stephen Strange is a dick.”
“Thor happened,” Bruce said, offering Steve a hand. “Fortunately the Other Guy metabolizes Asgardian mead as well as he eats bullets.”
“Why?” It was Rhodes who asked. “Why were you afraid to tell him? Did your old war buddy mean more to you than your new team-mate?” His lip curled and Natasha was the one who touched his arm this time.
Peter arrives. Strange leaves. Tony sleeps. Steve surprises him. And they finally finish what they started earlier. Properly.
Tony balked on principle. “I’m never on time,” he protested. “The world would probably end if I was.”
“I’m glad you did,” Tony said. “Times like this, you need your family around you.” The heart-wound was still visibly fresh now, barely a couple of months old, not years scarred over like in Tony’s time.
“It is not your choice to make,” Loki said. His mouth twisted. “I would think that you would be glad to be rid of me.”
interested,” he assured her. He gestured at his body. “Nubile virgin wanting to be ravished here.” He gulped.
“Okay then, Bruce, whenever you’re ready, I’m good to go,” Bucky said. “Whatever crap they put in me has been messing with my head.”
“Perhaps I can answer that for you, Mr. Stark.” The mellifluous voice took them all by surprise. The speaker was tall with a narrow face, dark eyes and hair.
Thor beamed at him. “Love!” he boomed. “'Tis my favorite topic, aside from food.” He planted himself in the chair opposite Tony with a box of untoasted Pop-Tarts in front of him and shoved an entire Pop-Tart into his mouth. Tony tried not to wince. “Who is the focus of your affection, my friend? It has been an age since you have enjoyed congress with anyone.”
Tony snorted a laugh before he could stop himself. He’d forgotten just how much of a dick Captain America could be. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Rhodey would kick your ass if he heard you."
Tony shook his head. “She talked to me.” He tapped his head. “In here. Like telepathy.” He tried to put the sensation into words. “It was like she was inside my mind. She didn’t just read my thoughts, but my emotions too.”
Loki got slowly to his feet, face still white. “I think Asgard will do better to deal with Ragnarök alone. If we were to rely on you lot then we’d most surely die.”
Tony still wasn’t entirely convinced that this was real, but if it was a dream, then he was goddamn going to enjoy every moment of it.
“It's an ancient way for the military to communicate so that the enemy cannot intercept their information,” Pepper explained. Natasha nodded her understanding.
Tony could see the hunter then, the stone-cold killer that struck fear in the heart of Hell. Coulson met Dean’s gaze with his usual aplomb.
He climbed off the bed, smiling as he watched Steve and Bucky roll towards each other, bodies aligning automatically as though they’d been sleeping together forever. “No, really, don’t worry about me,” he said to the room. “I’ll just leave my warm, sexy bed and go save the world.
Wanda ignored them all and walked over to Tony. “You are well?” she asked. It looked like she wanted to reach out to him.
Tony could see the carefree boy he’d been. The best friends they’d both been. They’d lost so much, the two of them, and yet, looking at them on his bed, teasing laughter lighting up their faces, they were still standing. Metaphorically speaking, Tony thought, mind delving back into the cesspool that was his hindbrain.
So, I've skipped the Wakandan Avengers' reaction to the President's speech because I'm always too talky & let's be real, that bunch are on the 1st plane out of here. Steve is so stubborn. Lord. Oh, and please don't hate me....
“Oh. My. God!” Tony gaped at him. “So much fucking sass! How did I not know this?” He looked past Bucky to the glass doors. “Fuck.”
Her answer this time was gentler, blue beats of information thumping into him. He tried to keep up but she was frantic now, desperate to help him. “Peg, please. Stop. Let me give you what I know and we can take it from there, okay?”
Tony moved, Bucky at his heels. He turned back only once to see Steve lean down and brush her cheek with a kiss. He did not have a lump in his throat, dammit.
The smoke that reached out to wrap around them was like being instantly blind. Tony felt a second of bone-chilling anxiety but then a soft pulse of light surrounded him. “Do not fear,” Strange told him. “The Eye will keep you safe.”
“Is she dead?” Clint croaked from the pilot’s chair, wrestling the jet back under control. Steve felt a pang of sorrow for his friend. Wanda had been Clint’s protégée and it was almost cruel to have not only lost his family, but the girl he’d trusted to have his back.
Tony met Rhodey’s gaze. He waggled his eyebrows at his best friend. Rhodey waggled his back. “Huh.” Tony went to his bench. “Anything explode yet?” he asked.
“You are correct,” Vision sighed. He blinked and the holograms vanished. “I will await the return of the Asgardians.”
“I just hope he doesn’t keep on trying when he realizes that it is all for naught.” Loki appeared genuinely upset at the thought.
Steve watched Bucky and Thor circling each other. Bucky had learned to fight dirty in the Howling Commandos. He’d learned to fight even dirtier as the Winter Solder.
Tony bit his lip while he thought. Steve saw Bucky follow the movement. Something dark and ugly twisted deep inside him and he shoved it ruthlessly back down. This wasn't going to ruin his friendship with either of them.
“I’m up!” Tony declared, launching himself off the bed. “Places to go, Satan to kill.” He hustled to the bathroom, aware that he was trailed by Steve and Bucky. He handed them each a disposable toothbrush, passing the toothpaste over when he’d put his own on.
Steve watched as Tony just sat there. He looked over at the others, hoping for some sort of inspired words of comfort.
“He means that he’s bringing his Captain America First Edition the next time for you to sign,” Sam explained.
“It doesn’t.” There was no change in her tone or body language as she replied. “I’m a little upset with Tony Stark’s interference. It has made things complicated. But then, I am accustomed to thinking on my feet.” That vicious curve crossed her mouth again as she met Steve’s eyes. “I will succeed no matter what I have to do.”
“I don’t care!” Loki hissed, leaping to his feet. “Kill the snake and save the universe! I care not for the fate of a child I do not know.”
“Spit it out.” Tony suddenly wanted this over with. If Steve was going to warn him away from Bucky, then he’d do it. Whatever it took to keep his friend, Tony thought he’d probably do just about anything to have Steve smile properly at him again.
Thor shook his head. “I was banished before I could tell my friends of his deception. And the Bifrost has been closed to me since.”
“Not at all,” Tony said. “I am wired.” He was practically bouncing on his feet. “Did you know that Yggdrasil has only three roots and that all the worlds grew out of them?” He had so much that he wanted to tell them.
Tony knew that Rhodey was right. That bringing them here to the mansion was a bad idea, but he was fresh out of other options. “Where else can they go?” He met Rhodey’s furious gaze. “They’re bringing a human weapon of mass destruction, a pair of super spies who could kill with an eyelash, a war veteran who has no loyalty to anyone other than the soldier who left me lying on a slab of ice in Siberia. And that’s not even mentioning Big Bug Boy and Barnes.”
Steve ignored him. “When this is over,” he repeated. “Just so you know. I’m going to ask you to marry me.”
He watched the flowers drift away, Tony’s arc reactor its centre point. Everyone had tears in their eyes. Steve didn’t have any more tears to cry.
“Tony.” Natasha’s face crumpled. Tears welled in her eyes for the first time that Tony could remember. Not even when Bruce had left had she allowed her sorrow to show. “How many times have we let you down?”
Tony glared at him. “That was a drunken confession.” He poked Rhodey in the ribs. “And you swore that you wouldn’t tell anyone.” The only secret Tony had that he wouldn’t ever share with Rhodey, was that he was a time traveller. Tony snorted a small laugh. His goddamn life.
Tony made an eeping sound. He sounded like a demented duckling. His eyes crossed trying to imagine how his night as going to end.
“My Impala?” Tony growled. “That little fucker. I’m not a fucking pawnshop.” He counted the money. “Okay, fine, he added enough to appease my mercenary heart.”
“It’s a little project I’m working on,” Tony said, pulling the petri dish out. The fungus had grown in size overnight. What had once been a light brown blob was now an almost black mass.
Steve and Bucky launched themselves at Tony at the same time, crushing him between them. “Air! Boys! Air! Breathe! Help!” he squeaked, but his arms were fiercely clinging to them both.
Steve remembered then that despite her deadly skillset, her cold exterior, her icy self-control, she was still a woman before all else. A human being with feelings and emotions that, even though they constantly, ruthlessly shoved down, were bound to come to the surface occasionally.
Tony shoved at Bucky’s shoulders until he let go. He scrambled out of Bucky’s lap and went to his side-table. He pulled out a couple of condoms and a tube of lubricant.
For just one moment he held his breath as Steve picked up one of the pens before turning to Tony. “I'm not saying it's impossible, but there would have to be safeguards.”
“So, we sign and we’re on the team, under your supervision,” Sam waited for Tony’s nod before he continued. “And if we don’t sign then…?”
“Yes, thank you for your concern, my friend.” Thor returned the shoulder-clasp. “My heart has been heavy with grief. We mourned Steve Rogers in feast and song in Asgard.”
Thor appeared shocked. “How do you foresee what is in your future?” He waited for Bruce or Steve to answer him.
“Oh, I’ll take that bet and double it, Barnes,” Tony said as he blasted the nightmare. “Mine has ten legs.”
“Crossing dimensions, traveling through time, destroying worlds,” Tony said off-handedly as he poked at his tablet. “We need to get back to our labs at the Tower.” Steve had never felt less necessary.
“There is not much to speak of,” Loki said, taking a mechanical bite. “We tried to contact Heimdall once more but the Bifröst is closed to us now.”
It felt true when he saw Clint lift his shirt and compare bruises with Sam, commiserating over their asses being handed to them.
Tony knew that he wasn’t off the hook, but the laughing Norse god who swept him up in his arms had a reluctant smile crossing Steve’s face. “Good to see you, buddy,” Steve said, holding a hand out. “Exceptional timing.”
Steve held out his hand. “Thank you,” he said, waiting until Vision took his hand. “You made me face some hard truths tonight. Some that I’ve been denying for a while.”
Bucky shrugged. “You're not stepping out with anyone.” He seemed perfectly reasonable. “That means it'll be easier.” Perfectly insane, Tony thought semi-hysterically.
“No.” Richards’s hands shot out, arms elongating so that they whipped around the bodies of the men who were already reaching into their jackets. “Stay.”
“The Soul Stone is by far the most dangerous of all of the Infinity Stones,” Strange began. Steve could understand why the guy annoyed Tony so much with all of the pontificating. “It allows the user to steal, control, manipulate and alter living and dead souls. At full potential, the Soul Gem grants the user control over all life in the universe.”
“Mr. Wilson would not say, sir.” JARVIS sounded annoyed. “I’m running facial recognition of the security surveillance around SHIELD before the attack.”
“You know who would have been an asset here?” Tony asked. “Wanda.” He looked at Steve. “Pity she went batshit crazy.”
“DUM-E,” Bucky announced, jumping to his feet. He held out hands to Steve and Tony, hauling them both to their feet with ease. Tony had a momentary brain fart as he imagined Bucky ‘handling’ him in bed.
Tony watched them, noting the silence as they worked. Bruce and Natasha talked quietly to each other. Steve went to get coffee for everyone, Coulson and Clint at his heels. Bucky sat beside Tony, eyes fixed on Sam and Dean.
“Aha!” Tony crowed. “I fucking knew it!” He punched the air with a fist. “You cagey bastard! You totally used Agent to make us work together.”
Tony moved up behind him and did the same. “It’s like Harry Potter!” he exclaimed, when the opening in the rock appeared. The blank expressions on Steve and Bucky’s faces made him want to roll his eyes. He didn’t. “Platform 9¾?” Still blank. Tony sighed. “Eagles and turkeys, people.”
Tony wanted to ask. He really did. But he wanted to get out of this place even more. “Where’s the door?” he demanded, keeping his eyes lowered, just watching Steve’s feet in front of him.
“Make every activity sound sexual,” Bucky said. Steve had the horrible idea that he knew exactly what was coming next. Bucky had never developed a filter. “Didn’t you get enough while you were banging your brother earlier?”
Loki is an ass. Also he's tricky. Tony can't forget. Thor realizes something big is going down. The Avengers confront Loki. Steve stages an 'intervention'.
“I’m sorry about your friend,” Sam said to Vision. “She seemed to have successfully deceived us all.”
“Wanda? What about Wanda?” Steve ignored the rest of the sentence, and focused on the girl who had almost broken Tony’s mind.
“Bruce?” The nanite armor that Steve had yet to inspect up close, slipped away and Tony frowned at him. “You okay?”
“It’s not like that,” Ross said to Xavier. “I’m not Hitler. I’m not a monster.” He seemed sincere. Tony wasn’t sure he should give him the benefit of the doubt.
“Why do you ask?” Steve watched Bruce. He needed to understand what Tony had been doing and what Bruce was planning. He missed Tony’s manic and incomprehensible speech. He had to force his focus on Bruce.
“They feel the same way for you,” she said, interrupting him. “Do not cheapen their feelings for you with jests about money.”
“No,” Steve said slowly. “Not semantics. The truth. Bucky isn’t, and has never been, my boyfriend.” He watched Tony’s face closely. “I’ve never wanted him to be my boyfriend.” He took a deep breath. “I wanted
Tony pulled one arm away from Pepper and picked Lila up, putting her on his lap. “That’s exactly right,” Tony said. “I can’t believe how smart you are about some things.” His chest loosened, air moving into his lungs normally again.
He ignored her as he ordered, “Re-route everything. We get one shot at this. Thor, I'm gonna need you back in the church.”
“He gave me a room to sleep in, ordered clothes for me.” Bucky sounded choked up. “He made me eat three meals a day, nagged me like my mom used to.”
didn’t like Stephen Strange. Almost as much as he didn’t like Hank Pym. About as much as he disliked Reed Richards.
Natasha snorted a laugh as she watched Steve’s ears turn pink. “I wish you two would get your heads out of your asses and get together already.”
Bucky looked up at Steve “Okay,” he nodded, clearly trusting Steve completely. “But if things get crazy…” He was visibly worried.
Clint stood on the huge courtyard, hands in his pockets as he stared out at the city. Steve took a step towards him. Tony put a hand on his arm. “Let me,” he said.
“Fine,” Rhodey snapped. “I may have to kick your ass though…” His voice trailed off. “Tones?” he whispered. He was standing.
Tony would be eternally grateful for the fact that JARVIS continued to admit people he liked without telling Tony, because he had literally no idea what to say. And with Tony, that was almost a miracle.
The Quinjet’s stealth technology had them clearing American airspace with no challenge. Steve had stopped trying to figure out where they were going. The Sam/Clint running commentary had been enough.
“Cap…uh, Steve,” Coulson stammered. “These are the two agents I spoke about. I think the three of you will make a great team.”
Strange inclined his head. “He had a vision of the future that showed that the serpent would be the Destroyer of Worlds and would bring about Ragnarök.”
Steve was horrified. “God no!” he exclaimed. “I want it; want you, like breathing, Tony. Make no mistake about it.” The tension he hadn’t realized had set in across Tony’s shoulders vanished.
The unfamiliar burn in his ass let him know that he’d been thoroughly fucked. He scowled towards where Bucky lay curled up next to Steve.
Bucky put both his hands on Tony’s shoulders. “I won’t let you walk into anything,” he said. “Keep doing your genius shit.”
Tony rubbed at his eyes, head suddenly aching. “That Ross was trying to steamroll the law into Congress.”
“Not to play devil’s advocate here, Thor, but how much do you really know about him?” Bruce asked. “I mean, do you
“Because they won’t listen to me.” Tony went to a seat around the small conference table, Vision behind him like a shadow. “Please. We need this to be ratified so that the damage done to the Avengers isn’t all for nothing.”
Tony wanted to hit something. Preferably Steve Fucking Rogers. Secretary Ross ranting at him over the phone was his least favorite way to spend his time. He finally interrupted the tirade. “Consequences? You bet there'll be consequences. Obviously you can quote me on that because I just said it. Anything else?” He didn’t wait for a reply before saying, “Thank you, sir,” and ending the call.
“My brain function is fine, thank you Tony,” Steve gritted out. “He’s over there.” He pointed to a guy who was so average he seemed like he was part of the building.
Bucky collapsed into a giggling heap at Steve’s feet as Tony scowled at them both. “Laugh it up, fuzzballs,” he muttered, grabbing one corner of the sheet to wipe his belly. “My refractory period isn’t the same as your super soldier metabolism.”
The door opened and Rhodey rushed in, Pepper at his heels. “What’s going on, Tones? F.RI.D.A.Y. woke us up, saying you were in trouble.”
Steve couldn’t just sit around waiting for Tony to come back. “I need something to do,” he said, sitting in the kitchen with Natasha and Bucky. “I’m going nuts here.”
Billie’s expression was poisonous. Sam nudged Dean, grimacing at him. “Not helping here, man.” Dean rolled his eyes.
Sam’s bitchy expression showed how little he’d appreciated Tony’s sarcasm. Dean’s snorted laugh told Tony that this wasn’t a new thing. “Let’s go then,” Dean said, swinging at the tide of monsters, scattering them in a wild spray.
“He is the greatest magician in the world.” Natasha moved to Clint’s side. “And in the past, he hasn’t exactly been the most trustworthy person.”
“Hmm,” Tony mused as he deliberately slurped his coffee extra loudly. He ignored the disgusted twist on Pepper’s face. He was goddamn adorable, dammit. “I wonder why?”
“You’ve already expended plenty energy,” Sam muttered, clamping his mouth closed when Steve glared at him.
“On what planet do you think I would ever say stop?” Tony gasped as he felt the hard length of Steve’s cock pressing between his legs.
He clenched his fists. He had better self-control than this. “No, I didn’t.” There, he sounded calm.
The air in the room literally moved out of the way for the newcomer. Tony didn’t know who he was, but he already didn’t like him.
Bruce’s hands were fists inside his pants’ pockets, but he stepped up beside Tony anyway. Bravest. Motherfucker. Ever. “What B.A.R.F. did was change the memory in my head. Didn’t make it unhappen in reality, but in my mind it never happened. So the trauma of hurting Betty Ross was a guilt the Hulk no longer lived with.”
“And neither are you!” Steve said. “Did you stop to think that maybe there was an agenda behind Ross’ eagerness to push the Accords through so quickly?”
“Oh, so the delightful you that we have to deal with on a daily basis is not the angry you?” Clint asked. “Good to know.”
“No,” Pepper said suddenly into the silence they left. Tony tried to think about what she was refusing until he remembered Bucky’s question.
Tony shook his head. “Rhodey says no, but he’s not seen the President naked yet so he can’t say for sure.”  They all blinked.
Loki’s shoulders hunched up around his ears. “They’re not very smart,” he mumbled. That earned him a hard poke from Thor. “Well, they aren’t!” he said. “I managed to fool them for eons before they suspected anything was amiss.” He arched an eyebrow at Thor. “I fooled even you, brother dear.”
Pepper grabbed him the moment she saw you. “You wonderful, incredible, outrageous man!” She kissed him hard. And then hugged him harder. “I don’t think I’ve ever be more proud to be your ex.”
“Bucky,” Steve agreed. “The moment he showed up, I forgot everything I’d experienced in this time. It was like I’d got some of my old life back and I didn’t need the people I’d met and bonded with in this one.”
Steve’s eyes were still squeezed shut, he and Bucky following Tony like trusting sheep. “Mr. Crowley, your Majesty,” Steve’s polite voice was incongruous as they walked through the valley of devastation and rape and unutterable violence. “Please stop. Just stop.”
wanted to be the one to pull Tony back from an anxiety attack. Not Bucky, not Pepper, not Rhodes. Him. And
Tony shook his head, arms tightening around Bucky. “I have no fucking idea,” he gritted. “One second he was fine and then….” He lifted a hand to brush the long strands of hair off Bucky’s face. “Come on, Jim, don’t do this to me now.”
It was only when Bruce turned an alarming shade of minty green that he stepped in. Tony stuck his fingers between his teeth and blew. The shrill sound of his whistle had them all shutting up. He thumbed at Bruce. “The Other Guy
weekends are bad for writing. watched a guy almost get munched by a shark on Sunday which was fun. Not. For those who didn't....https://www.facebook.com/WSL/videos/10153042682737058/?pnref=story
get everything back. I’m broken inside. I’m holding myself together with tape and silly putty. The things I’ve done, they can’t be erased.”
Tony tried to struggle but Thor was built like a brick shit-house. And seriously, what the hell was a brick shit-house anyway? Tony was going to get right on that once he got back to his lab.
Tony nodded. “They fucked that poor guy over, Bruce. Fucked him over and then fucked him under. I gave him a new arm.” He met Bruce's gaze, let him see how important this was. “I need you to help me give him a new life.”
“Captain Rogers, Thor and Loki have requested your presence as soon as possible,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. told him as the doors closed.
Tony nodded. “He wanted us to sign up for the registration. I managed to persuade Xavier and Richards that it wasn’t a good idea.” He slumped into a chair. “And I thought I’d gotten through to Ross as well.” He flicked a gaze back to the mark of Set. “Are you sure he has that on his arm?” He looked up at Bruce hopefully.
Sam and Rhodey were playing an aggressive game of “Go Fish”, with Thor offering unhelpful assistance. The air was blue with extremely creative cursing, some of it from Thor.
you sign them?” Thor asked. “Of everyone on the team, you would have been the least inclined to accept a leash, my metal friend.”
Tony wanted to curl up into a ball and whine. He missed Earth and all its recognizable crazy. He could deal with that.
Tony didn’t have a word to say. So he just stood there with Clint, shoulder to shoulder in silence as they watched the world bustle below them.
“Uh, one,” Tony said. The lights came on suddenly and they turned in circles, looking at the slaughter in front of them. Tony didn’t miss the miniscule flinch as Barnes walked past a couple of the pods where bodies lay with bullet holes punched through the glass into their foreheads.
“We haven't.” He broke Steve's heart with two words. “Seventy some years ago we were best friends, sure. But Steve,” he met Steve's gaze, let him see the man who suffered within. “That guy, the one you knew, he doesn't exist anymore.”
“My prime directive is to ensure your safety and happiness as you well know, Sir,” JARVIS said. “If I may, it appears as though the attentions of Captain Rogers are not unwelcome to you.”
“Let’s have him wake up without the bugs in his head, and then you can both thank me, okay?” Bruce put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “I know how much he means to you, my friend.”
“Well, that’s just proof that he’s crazy about you.” Steve’s throat was tight. “He doesn’t even feed himself regularly. We always had to force him to eat.” He’d missed that, Steve thought, making Tony sandwiches and ensuring that he eat them in front of him.
Steve stared at Matilda. “I’m going to take our furry friend to the control chair and see what happens.” He met those violent green eyes. “Are you going to come peacefully or do I have to put you back in that cage?’ he asked.
She shook her head. “Not remotely.” Tony knew how messed up she was because Natasha never admitted fear.
seriously, this is possibly some of the darkest stuff I've written. I'm all about the fluffy happiness. Don't read if images of torture or rape or bondage trigger you. Please. This is
“Because you don’t fucking listen!” Clint’s shout could have raised the dead. In Atlantis, anything was possible, so Natasha put a calming hand on his arm.
Tony nodded, leaning back against the kitchen counter. “He’s a stubborn sonofabitch, alright.” He took a sip, relishing the burn down his throat. “But you came here.” He wondered why.
“Why do you think we need you?” Steve asked. Tony noted that his body was taut, ready to leap at Strange at the first hint of danger.
Steve tried to wrap his head around this. It wasn’t what he’d been expecting and, meeting Natasha’s gaze, neither had she.
“Hey!” Steve’s protest was mild as he smiled helplessly back at Bucky. “You still had more experience than me even though you were three years younger.”
But then Vision nodded. “I am eager to experience the differences between Asgard and Midgard, Thor Odinson,” he said. “You are sure it will not inconvenience your family?”
“I think he’s gone into some sort of fugue state,” Tony said. He turned his gaze to Sam. “What’s that about?”
Tony sniffed, handing the tumbler back to DUM-E, who trundled off with a pleased beep. “I’m trying to be a better man,” he stated, attempting the same lofty tone that Bruce had used to talk about Natasha.
A skinny, ugly looking fucker stood in the middle of the destruction next to a monster with an axe the size of a small truck. Two more stood beside them, a woman who would give Natasha a run for her scary money and something else. Tony had no idea what or who they were.
“Whatever keeps the hope alive, Cap,” Clint said, tongue poking out of the one side of his mouth as he wrote. “What the fuck?”
“Shut the fuck up,” Clint shoved past Thor, nabbing a Pop Tart on his way to another lounger. “I hate you.”
“Steve,” Tony stared at him. “Please, I'm asking as a friend. Please take Nat with you and go. I'll be fine here. Bruce and Bucky can keep me company while you go and save the world.” He was trembling.
Toto I don't think we're in Kansas anymore! Tony discovers Strange has a plan. Ish. Steve needs a distraction.
“He kept babbling about the end of the world.” The President accepted a glass of water. “I didn’t understand it all, he was muttering in a language I don’t know, but he’s scared shitless.” He stood with a sigh. “I think you should get in there as quickly as you can, because, anything that makes someone like him afraid, should be something we’re concerned about.”
Tony pulled away from Steve, making it clear to Pepper that he was doing so under great sufferance. “You are a horrible human being,” he told her.
She smiled at him, a tiny thing, but each one was more genuine than the last. They were finally getting back to the friendship that their break-up had almost destroyed.
“I think I'll have to talk to him regardless of what he saw,” Steve said. “Whatever is going on isn't good for the team. And we need Tony back on the team.”
Loki nodded in reply. “He meant for me to lie with one of his wives and get her with child.” His mouth was tight, and his body a long line of misery.
He could hear the smile in Bucky's voice. “It's my job, Stevie. Someone has to stop you from buying your own press, Captain Perfect.”
“You publically fought against your friends, resulting in grievous bodily harm to many of them. You lied to and abandoned someone you care deeply for to, quite possibly, die in a frozen wasteland,” Vision said. “And you still believe that was the best course of action?”
“Satan got a nasty surprise, Crowley got an even bigger one, Apocalypse averted,” Tony said, spreading his hands out wide. “All in a day’s work.”
“His shoulders stand just about here,” Crowley said, indicating his chest. “He’s the Big Kahuna down here.”
“Something like that.” Bucky frowned. “But all it did was knock me unconscious for a couple seconds. I don’t understand why they bothered.”
“I'm okay, Buck. Just really worried about Tony.”  It felt fake as he said it, because he'd ignored his friend for months, and only now seemed bothered because Bucky was involved.
Steve closed the bay door and sat down in front of it. “Clint, please get us back to the Tower as quickly as possible.”
“She said that Matilda is one of the Ascended,” Clint said. Steve sat in his chair, waiting for the rest, the bit that Clint would not share before.
Tony noticed Steve’s fists clenching. Uh-oh. Cap was obviously the possessive sort. It made him tingle.
“They’re outside,” Pepper said. “We told them they weren’t allowed to come in, but they refused to leave anyway.”
The voice in his head made Tony jerk up. “Who…?” Both Steve and Bucky had worried expressions on their faces.
“Tasha!” Bruce hurried over to her, beaming. “I wasn’t expecting to see you until later.” He gave her a hug, looking slightly astonished that this beautiful girl liked him. Tony still wasn’t sure she deserved him. He wasn’t going to challenge her of course. He liked his penis exactly where it was thank you very much.
Bucky tugged off his shoes and socks, shaking his head. “You're worse than Steve,” he said. He sounded fond.
Tony stared up at him, every thought flying straight out of his head. “I’m not easy,” he rasped, trying to ignore that warm palm against his skin.
He spent the last two days reacquainting himself with his life in this time. He was starting to understand what Uatu had meant. Things that he knew had happened two years ago were taking him by surprise, as though experiencing them for the first time.
Steve slipped into the chair on the other side of him. “You couldn’t have told us that things were okay?” he gritted, eyes blazing. “We were worried about you.”
Running a hand through his hair, Sam cleared his throat. “So, the usual way to deal with a demon is trap it in a salt circle and exorcise it,” he began.
He pulled away slowly, reluctant to stop. Bucky sat on a chair watching them with a small smile on his face. “Now that’s a pretty thing to see,” he noted.
“You talk about our sex-life with Rhodes.” Steve gave him a flat, unimpressed look. “Bucky was right. I have no idea why I love you.”
was certainly clear enough. Tony thought.  He was discovering that Bucky was a stubborn son of a bitch. He wouldn’t have survived everything that had happened to him if he wasn’t.
“If you think this is bad, wait until we hit Hell,” Sam said. He led them towards the trees. They walked two-abreast. Sam and Steve, Clint and Natasha, Bucky and Tony, with Dean bringing up the rear.
He broke the surface, soaring up to the sun. He’d forgotten how amazing it felt to fly. He couldn’t believe he’d just given that all up.
Steve patted him, trying to breathe. Sometimes Thor forgot that he had the strength of about … well, about a hundred Steves. “Thanks, buddy,’ he wheezed.
“So, I’ll meet you in Washington?” Tony was done with arguing over the phone. “You can be pissed off at me then.”
“TMI, dude!” Sam said, tipping his head back, and throwing what looked like a glass of Tony’s very expensive brandy down his plebian throat.
Crowley chuckled. “Oh, you’re just delightful,” he declared. “I’m going to have such fun breaking you in.”
“Matilda?” Tony squeaked, taking another look at Loki. “Well, he does have the look of a feline about him,” he said eventually. This was clearly a story that needed much alcohol and a lot more time.
Her smile turned a little sad. “Sometimes love really isn’t enough, Tony. Perhaps that’s something you need to remember when Steve and the others get here.”
Tony cackled with laughter until he caught her deadly glare. He almost swallowed his tongue trying to stop the laughter.
Steve’s eyes were narrowed as he stared at Tony. “You said you didn’t want to go to this meeting,” he reminded Tony.
By the time she let him go, his entire hand was numb. He rubbed it back to life, settling for glaring at her. “You’re an awful human being,” he griped.
Tony sputtered a little, distracted enough not to notice he’d been backed up against his bed. He swung his head to glare at Bucky. “You’re
“So what’s the plan, Thor?” Tony asked. “How do we stop this Thanos dude from getting all of the stones and turning the universe into a pile of rubble? I’m assuming there
“Why not?” Steve asked. Bucky and Tony moved to either side of him. “Surely that’s the easiest way to do this?”
Bruce tipped his teacup in their direction. “Sharing scoop with your newest BFF is what one has to do.” He left before Tony could snark a reply.
Steve tossed it back, wondering if something not from Earth might finally have some sort of effect on the serum.
“You are both annoying the hell out of me,” Bruce said as he put cover slides over the blood smears. “Shut up and let me work.”
“They’re coming to see me,” Steve replied evenly. “It has nothing to do with you.” He knew just how to get Tony to do exactly what he wanted.
“God, no.” Bruce shook his head vigorously. “I think Vision and I have about five or six hours of work here before we'll need your unique ability to see the universe.” He smiled at Tony so show that he was okay.
“When Thanos snapped his fingers, Earth became ground zero for a power surge of ridiculously cosmic proportions. No one's ever seen anything like it.” Bruce said. “Until two days ago. On this planet.” He called up a hologram of a planet, a shockwave visibly traversing the surface.
“Don’t,” Loki begged, still leaning against Thor. “No more, please. I cannot bear this feeling.” His fists tightened in Thor’s cape for a moment. Suddenly he pushed back and away. “I am a god!” He declared, jutting his chin up in the air.
Suddenly, Steve felt a rush of heat wash over him. He wasn’t sure what it meant, but he didn’t like the thought of Tony ‘merging’ with anyone.
Thor put him down with a wince. “I must apologize Tony. Jane is forever telling me I have no sense of my own strength.” He sounded ridiculously proud of the fact.
“That’s not possible,” Bruce said, pushing them all away from Tony’s bed. “I called it ten minutes ago.”
It was Vision who replied. “I’m afraid not, Captain Rogers. The Quinjet was not designed to go past the atmosphere of our planet.”
Bucky wriggled out from under Steve, quickly shucking his clothes. Tony took a moment to admire his handiwork. God, he was a fucking genius. That arm was a thing of beauty.
So this is where I go off canon. Up until the final battle of Civil War most is the same. But, because Tony knows about the Winter Soldier, different choices are made.
Steve heard Peggy whisper to him and he reached out to touch the nearest wall. She lit up in pinks and purples, blushing against his palm.
The steady thump-thump of Steve’s heart pushed the spikes of panic back a little. Tony dropped his head to Steve’s shoulder. “You’re here.” He focused on the softness of Steve’s well-worn tee, the heat of his skin, the scent at his throat.
“I’m not Cap or Captain when we’re here like this.” Steve paused in squeezing the lube onto his fingers. “In here, in this bed, I’m Steve and you’re Tony. And we’re lovers. Not leaders, not superheroes, not Avengers. Lovers.” His face was very serious.
With Steve working his dick and Bucky working his ass, Tony wondered how his little backflip in time had resulted in this completely surreal experience. He wasn’t questioning things, no sir, but he’d fight even harder to keep Steve like this.
Tony didn’t even attempt a riposte. That’s how he knew he was dying. Rhodey obviously didn’t understand the delicacy of Tony’s life-threatening condition.
Steve turned and sat down on the edge of Tony’s stupidly enormous bed with a lapful full of amorous Stark. “Don’t say crap like that,” Steve ordered. “That just sounds creepy.”
Tony cleared his throat, suddenly serious. “I’m guessing that most of you don’t know about B.A.R.F.?”
There was a pause. “That’s…surprisingly mature, Tone. I didn’t expect that from you.” Rhodey sounded surprised.
“Eh.” Tony grinned as Bucky dodged the flailing fork that he was waving around. “I’m a technological genius, not a literary one.”
Wanda was a crumpled figure on the metal floor and Bucky stood over her with a knife in his hand. “Saving your ass again, punk?” he asked with a smirk, holding a hand out to Steve. “Just like the old days.”
“Of course they are. I made them.” Even if he hadn’t played with them for a while. Tony built shit that lasted.
“You’re being reasonable,” Laura accused. “That’s not fair.” She rubbed her face against Tony’s shoulder. “And I hate that you’re giving him an out here.”
Bucky stopped moving. “Do you ever…?” Tony heard hesitation and fear in his voice. “I mean, about me? Do you ever feel that way?”
Loki gave a slow nod. “Indeed.” He looked at Tony. “Did you see my son?” Tony wasn’t sure of the emotion behind Loki’s question, but he decided to answer as though Loki was a worried father.
