However, he didn't have long to ponder the expression, as Toni rushed at him with a smile as large as the moon. She looked like a kid on Christmas morning, as her footsteps echoed loudly with her heavy stomping. Steve barely had a second before she leaped into his arms, wrapped her legs around him and pressed her lips against his. An overpowering warmth run through him as she wrapped her arms around his neck. Pulling her tight against him, he wrapped his arms around her and deepened the kiss. It only lasted a few minutes before Toni pulled away. "Hey," he uttered, fighting the urge to follow her lips.
cranky," Steve replied, eyeing Clint. Though he didn't tired easily, he was exhausted and just wanted to sleep… To sleep…Okay, he was a little cranky. That last mission took a lot out of him—took a lot out of them.
Steve flipped pass their pages, looking for Toni's folder, but her folder wasn't here. Making sure he hadn't missed anything, he looked through the folders again, but it wasn't there.
However, seeing how badly he hurt Peggy when he went under, it was a good thing that he did reject Toni. Listening to Peggy as she cried, it almost broke him, and if it would've been Toni, he would've surely died listening to her breaking. She, a woman who never opened up to anyone, wouldn't have withstood another blow to heart and he was glad that he didn't break her heart more than it had to be, though it didn't protect
She groaned as he patted her cheek again. Why did this man keep hitting her? Did he not understand how annoying that was? "St-t-top," she muttered, her throat feeling like sand paper.
"The last thing I remember about S-Toni from that time is her flat-lining. I don't know…." He drifted off as he couldn't finish his sentence.
When Natasha reached the door, she turned to him, studying the silent Rogers. "What set you off this time?" she asked.
"Once you see it, you will change your tone," he stated as he was forced her forward. He was half-dragging her as her legs didn't want to work. "You will understand your mistake."
There was something up with him and it wasn't because he didn't want to bother her. It was something else; it had to be. He didn't sweat the small things. "You offer to listen if I needed to talk, though I don't need to talk, but yet, you won't talk to me. You can talk to me." She paused. "If this is about Peggy, you can say it. I know I can get her to say yes to you." Why was she trying so hard? She was sure he didn't need her help.
She blamed it on her exhaustion and the fact that she hadn't been sleeping, and that was all. Logically, it couldn't be him, considering Barnes died over
Jim's silent for a few seconds, eyeing the expression on Tony's face. "Don't worry, Tones. I'll be your guard dog upstairs. Those Super Soldiers won't get pass me." There's a protective look on his face. "I'll blast them, and I think Ms. Skynet will assist me with that."
Her eyebrow rose. "Wasn't trying to; however, if it's working, then good," she replied, sternly. "Now, if that's all."
"Um…" Rogers looked up from the dishes and stared at her with large eyes and rosy cheeks. He didn't know what to say to that and that did make Toni laugh. He was innocent as ever. He turned away from her a few seconds later as he couldn't face her with his deep cherry red face. "Burnt the eggs?" he asked, changing the subject.
Deep within an old bank vault (one that still had a layer of dust and dirt), Rumlow found himself annoyed and bored, as he stared down the Winter Soldier. The asset stood still like a statue, unnerving to say the least. With a fix stare, it was hard to believe that the Asset was alive, let alone active and ready to strike. If it wasn't for his chest moving ever so slowly, Rumlow would've believed him dead. He may be murderer himself, but it made his skin itch; however, he was a puppy dog in this stage. "The entire plan?"
Though the child genius needed special care, it wasn't fair that was all she got. She was treated with gloves and wasn't even allowed to have fun when she was a child as her father didn't deemed it necessary. He felt it would do more harm than good, but he was wrong. She wished could tell him that, but she was never able to. She was a chicken when it came to speaking her mind to her father.
Tony doesn't look up to greet Natasha as she enters. He doesn't flinch when she steps to his side, and he doesn't talk to her until she hits him hard in the arm. "Ouch, Tasha. What did I do to you?" he asks. The Black Widow is one of the few people in the world that he doesn't call or refer to by their last names. He may not say it aloud, but she's one of few Avengers he trusts. It hadn't started like that, but now, he doesn't know what he would do without her. He wonders if she knows this.
Rhodes laughs, as he carefully walks pass Dum-E and U, eyeing them. "Oh, has she? Teaching her to be more like JARVIS?" he asks, turning to the genius. Tony doesn't answer, and Jim waits a few seconds before adding, "Anyhow, I was sent to collect you. Everyone else is too scared of your killer bots to come get you. Dum-E is scary with that thing." He waves at the bot as he steps to Tony's side and places a supportive hand on Tony's shoulder. "Come on, Tones. You need a break. Let's go. You need fresh air."
Steve's eyes flicked to Potts only for a second, knowing that it would never be Pepper. She had never seen battle, let alone flown a suit. He turned to Rhodes, eyeing him. "You intend to go out?"
Toni's eye twitched. If it wasn't freezing outside and the Iron Man Suit was functional, she wouldn't be here to suffer this insult. She was starting to gain the feeling back in her hands and feet, and she didn't want to risk it by storming out. Plus, it was the best feeling in the world to feel again, even if it was semi painful. "So says the kid with a defective potato gun."
She closed her eyes as she forced herself to take a deep breath. Her heart was beating far too fast to be safe. After a few deep breaths, she opened her eyes slowly and opened the smaller envelope. "Outsmarting me even from beyond," she uttered, angrily. "Can't let me win, can you? Just had to show me up?" she asked as she reached in. "That's messed up." She pulled out a letter and a picture. Each looked like they had seen better days.
you. And once the Hulk is done with you, you have to deal with me," he said with smirk. He slowly removed his hand from Steve's shoulder, as he turned to the door. "The
A light bulb turned on in her head. It was so simple…why did it take her this long? "I want to wake up to him every morning. I want to eat breakfast with him every day. I want…" She drifted off, feeling a bit overwhelmed. Why did something that feel so simple feel so strong?
Steve tasted as peppermint, and though Toni wasn't normally into peppermint, she was loving it at this moment. She was loving the feeling of his lips against hers, as he explored her mouth. She really loved the feeling of having his body pressed against hers with his arm hands against her back. If they could stay like this forever, she would. He made her chest tighten with every smile and look, making her feel like some young virgin—which she was not. He made her knees buckle from underneath her as he ran his hands up her back. His hands felt amazing against her bare skin that—
"Ain't that the truth?" Toni felt herself start to drift again. Trying to stay awake, she shake her head slightly. "And look we're getting along. That's a first."
"What does Stark want?" Clint asked, still fighting to regain control over the craft. His tone switched from Anger to annoyance. His eye was twitching as he fought the AI for control. "Tell her to give me back my bird. Like her, I don't like to share either!"
Natasha glanced up to see both Sam and Steve looking at her. She shook off her grim expression and put on a smile. "As I will ever be, Rogers. I should be asking you that."
A second later, she hid the hacking device in the power board's many wires and closed the panel. Making sure that Barnes or Rogers knew what to look, she scratched in a small symbol into the paint. She reached into the bag and pulled out another item, a small Stark Industries radio. She grabbed a flathead and forced the radio open, exposing the wires. Not caring if it ever worked again, she pulled out random wires and stepped to a random panel on the mother board. She pried it open and again picked some random wires, hoping that it wouldn't hurt the real device. Just as she connected the wires, the door to the computer room opened revealing three Hydra Soldiers, but one stood out. It was a woman, who was surprisingly the leader. Toni wasn't expecting that, but she didn't have time to worry about that.
"I don't think she's going to stop calling you that, Colonel," Howard stated as he placed her device back into the metal suitcase. Both Toni, with a glare, and Phillips watched as he did this.
Toni brought her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around them tightly. It put a hard pressure against her chest, making it semi awkward to breathe, but she was comforted by this feeling. It made the world feel a little bit smaller, even though she could still feel the vastness of space around her and the endless possibilities in it. She tried to force back the day mares, that plagued her mind; however, they were unkillable. Trying to force back the tears, she tried to calm herself with a few deep breaths, though failing.
So, she got yelled at for a little bit of damage while Steve blasted through buildings? What crap was that?
"For once?" Toni responded, fighting to keep her eyes open. "I'm always bearable." Peggy snorted. "HEY, I am!" Sassy said something else, but the engineer couldn't make it out. Sleep had overcame her and she became dead to the world.
"Deal," Steve says with a grin. "Because Buck was a beast the whole time, ready to rip heads off. He may or may not have made Sam shit his pants a few times."
The board? Did they have nothing better to do than to worry about her love life? Toni let out a smile—She had a love life. A legit love life. "Tell them to mind their own damn business," she said.
"I don't know, but I can't be for sure. We have to keep it a possibility," Fury stated. "I had sent a message to Asgard for Thor, which wasn't something I wanted to do, but we'll need his help for this. He should be able to help locate Stark and the missing weapons." He turned to the door and Agent Romanoff didn't stop him as he left.
Toni glanced back at Steve and smiled. With fondness in her eyes, she observed Steve before she turned back to Fury and Agent Hill, who had stepped out onto the pad. The rotors came to the stop as the Director and Agent made their way to pad's doors. A nameless shield agent sat at the pilot seat, while another climbed out and stood guard. "Seriously, who invited him?"
And he's this close to saying those three words, even if their presence in his mind still scares the shit out of him. He doesn't know what stops him from saying the words, but he doesn't, even when they're smiling at him. He doesn't say anything as he looks between them. He can see—or thinks he sees- the fondness in their eyes, and though they don't say those words to him either, he wonders if that fondness in their eyes is love. He hopes so.
He shook his head with a chuckling sigh. "Well, those times were fun, and… I can't believe I'm admitting that to my daughter," he said, still playing with his hands.
She suddenly got pissed at him. She never expected him to get sexist on her. "Geez, Rogers," she stated. He frowned at the use of his last name. "You would rather get beat up, almost die, just to save your manhood? I'm not good enough to save you?" She paused as she tried to calm herself, but she failed. "I didn't think you were a chauvinist pig." She stated as she stormed off, not waiting for him to response. He reminded her too much of the future Captain which she didn't like.
Rogers didn't answer her right away as he stared at her like she was going to disappear any second. "You're awake. That's all that matters." He squeezed her hand harder. His other hand dropped to the upper part of her left arm and his thumb spiraled gently on her skin.
With a deep breath, Steve made his ways through the ship toward the labs. He wasn't sure why he was headed toward the lab. He wasn't sure if it was because Toni was there or whether it was because he had a desire to figure out what the hell was going on.
It was the sound of slapping leafs and falling stones that caught Toni's attention. It wasn't extremely loud, but she heard it. For a split second, Toni thought it was Steve but thought better of it. There was no way that the Good Captain could have made it to her in that short amount of speed. He wouldn't have beaten the suit here, which was impossible even at his top speed. He was fast but not that fast.
"Captain Rogers," JARVIS started, "there would be no point as she is not located in the lab, and it is impossible for me to go against Miss. Stark's protocol."
Even with everything happening, something felt off. There was something in the air that she couldn't place and it was bugging the shit out of her. With her head pounding in her ear, she felt like she was getting beat up, though she hadn't 'cool down' since the capture. She had been running hot for a while now, feeling like she was going to overheat at any second, and this feeling didn't seem to be going away. Even now, she felt like she was melting. "I need air," she announced loudly, surprising Rhodes and not giving him any time to reply. His eyes were wide as Toni was out the door.
Toni stared at the mysteriously glass before glaring at the two of them. "I don't like to be handed things." There was a brief second of wonder as to how she got here with these two and why they were doting on her.
Though she had tried to stuff it down, Toni couldn't contain her roaring laugher as it rocked out of her. A smile stretched across her face, as she struggled to stand under laughing fit. With her whole shaking, she leaned against one of the desks, holding on for dear life. "And that's how you fail with style," she said to the classroom filled with students. Her grin took up her half her face, as she ignored after math of the failed experiment.
as lightening flashed across the dark sky. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the sky light up and the shadow morph and take a human shape. The man's features lit up for a split second before disappearing into darkness, and for that second, she could see a blank face staring back at her. Everything in side of her froze, as her mind went into overdrive. If she didn't know better, she would say there was a certain dead man staring at her, and he was angry, which wasn't possible. Not possible at all.
"I must agree," FRIDAY replies, reminding the team to the AI's presence. "I can attend to Mr. Stark's needs."
His expression softens as his hands lightly rubbed her bad ankle. "I never thought I would have this. I thought I would be on the side line watching, just dreaming. I never thought I could get a dame—no, woman like you. I th-"
If he had gone through all of this trouble with the stalker and the time travel (She had no doubt he was behind that somehow), what he wanted had to be something big. It had to be something that she wouldn't give up period if she knew. That had to be a reason. "Not my company," she said. "I won't give you that."
Giving her a look, Bruce twisted and slowly popped the reactor out of her the brunette's chest. Before even taking a real look, he could tell that some of the wires were fried; however, it wasn't enough to malfunction. "I know you," he said, his eyes still on the reactor. Not disconnecting the device yet from her chest, he examined each wire. "I know when you're lying."
Taking a seat at the same table from earlier, he opened the file and dropped it immediately. The woman in the photo was Toni,
in front of her was Barnes! He didn't look the same, looking like he had just survived a month in the wilds. His uniform was completely worn with holds throughout his jacket, shirt, and pants, revealing his gray skin. His dark hair was longer and ratty, looking like it had been years since it had seen a brush; plus, he was covered in some kind of slug and mud. Nevertheless, it was him. "Y-you're d-dead."
"Why don't you sit?" Clint asks Wilson, nodding toward the sofa where Bucky is sitting. It's one of few open seats in the room, not counting the floor or the beanbag.
"I just want to know what that device does in your chest." He paused and looked at Zola. "He believes it would be fatal to remove it." He turned back her. He stared at her as she glared. "You're quite interesting I must say."
Tony eyes James from the corner from his eyes, and he's not surprise that the soldier's still eyeballing him. Feeling overwhelmed, he wants Bucky to look anywhere else but at him. He feels like Bucky is looking right through him. Why is he staring at him like this? "You just want to ogle Chris Pratt," he says, trying to keep his mask up.
"You know you'll never get home without the power to create rifts through space and time, and your device does not have that." He paused. "No matter what you do, it will not have that power on its own. I can help you get that power."
Toni knew to what he was referring to: the kiss, but she wasn't sure why. Did he not like her? It didn't matter right now, because she could see how broken he was. "Come here," she said, reaching toward him. "If anyone is a shitty friend, it's me. Not you." She thought back to the kiss with Barnes, and it almost killed her. How could she just kiss Rogers after she had kissed Barnes?
Toni stared down at Steve's hand as his ruff fingers danced along her forearm. He was warm to the touch, hot almost, but he still sent chills down her spine. No matter how long it has been, it happened every time, taking her breath away. Stole more like it. How could he do this every time? Touch her like it was the first time? "Well, you know how much I love talking."
she thought. "You know I can't help you," she stated, as she thought about the future. She didn't know when exactly, but Salty's men would get captured and Rogers would save them. Though Toni hated the idea that some of these men would be taken and killed, she couldn't do anything. Rogers had to save them.
It didn't need to be said twice as Toni literally jumped Steve a second later and wrapped her legs around his waist. She could feel his large hands on her lower back, pressing her flat against him. Feeling his firm body against hers went right to her groin, and it took all of her effort not to moan. No, it wasn't because she was embarrassed, but damn it, she wasn't some virgin, who lost it by a kiss alone. That was almost as bad as a man lasting two minutes, and God Damnit, she refused to be one of those.
security system in the world, though the AI was much more than a security system, much more, and nothing could and would get passed the overprotective AI, who would always protect her. JARVIS would and could destroy anything that dared to hurt the genius, and there wasn't a soul that didn't know that. Anyone who dared to doubt JARVIS was up for a rude awaking, which was something that Toni took comfort in. It was what kept her sane—mostly sane.
day. A horrible day. Sure, she had seen Barnes a few times, haunted her for a while, but that had been the worst. She had seen him right in front of her and fought with him; even without a fancy degree in psychology, she
As she reached the apartment door, her eyes were watering. "Stop being a baby," she yelled at herself, wiping the tears. She needed to be strong and not a weakling. Taking a deep breath, she stepped to the door and opened it slightly enough to slide through. She poked her head in to scoop it out, and to her joy, all the lights were off, which would make it easy to sneak in. She slipped through the door and closed it softly behind her. Taking a deep breath, she headed to bathroom, where she could be alone, but she didn't make it too far.
, Toni thought, flashing back to the night before. With dread, she could feel the cold sweat rushing back. Just thinking of about Barnes sent icy chills down her back in ways that she hadn't experienced before. Even now in
Toni didn't have time to even think as the Commander hit her hard in the head, sending her to the ground. Stunned but not out, Toni reached for her gun and fired at the woman, but she was too fast. She struck Toni's arm, ruining her aim. Instead of hitting the Commander, the bullet hit the down Hydra Soldier, killing him. Toni tried to aim again, but the woman picked Toni up by the neck and slammed her down into the computer towers, which surprisingly didn't break under her weight.
She narrowed her eyes. "You can only think you can. I'm not mad." Okay, she was annoyed, but she wasn't going to tell him that. If he didn't want to talk to her, he didn't have to; she wasn't going to force him like she wanted to.
"We all have done things we regret," he said, placing another kiss to her head. "Hindsight is twenty, twenty."
her father fell. He became a different man. A cold, callous man, which just scared Toni off the idea of love.
"Steve," Jones called, snapping the Super Soldier back to reality with a hand on the shoulder. "She's back. She's upstairs in one of the labs. Why don't you go to her?" There was a smile on his face, a knowing smile.
"Asset," Rumlow called, stepping to him. His eyes drifted to Stark before settling on him. "Let's get you out of that,"—That being a torn WW2 Army uniform— "and back into your combat gear. We have an assignment for you." The Asset narrowed his eyes before glancing back at Toni, which did not go unnoticed by anyone. His hand drifted down to her chest. "You want to keep her?" Rumlow asked, his voice dripping with annoyance. "Then we need you to take out these targets. They will try to take her. Do you want that? We can keep her safe. We can protect her. You need to stop them."
"Why would he help us find Stark?" Steve countered staring down Barton, who was leaning against the door frame. He held his bow in front of him as if he had just gotten back from a battle and hadn't had the chance to disarm. "He has to be up to something."
The man eyed her, studying the wobble in her step. "Brock." He said placing a helping hand on her shoulder.
She let out a loud laugh, because he was going to be death of her in some way, shape or form. When this ended, she was going to be crushed, but at the moment, she didn't care. She just wanted to remain in his arms for as long as she could. "Oh, he does? W-"
Toni could weight that question on a few different scales and each would be different. "Well, it depends on how you look at it. It's probably for the best," she said, shrugging.
She knocked on her head. "Yup," she smiled as she changed direction, heading toward Salty's tent. If her father didn't want to give her the core, then she would make him. Salty would surely agree with her.
"Wanna bet how long it takes for him to tell all his friends?" Toni said, waving at the boy with a smile. The boy's face was lit up like a Christmas tree. "Guess who I saw!" She teased.
"I would not suggest that," JARVIS stated, "There would be no telling what it would do to your chest piece if you increased the power."
, he thought, wondering what he would think of the situation. What would that man do if he was here now? Not the young 1940's version of Howard, but the older adult version of Howard. What would the older father version of Howard be like? He couldn't imagine the harsh version of Howard that Toni portrayed, as he could only see Howard as the caring man that he knew. Sure, he had an ego on him, but Steve had to believe that Howard would be here for his daughter when she needed it. And if he wasn't, Steve would make him.
Toni could lie and say he hadn't grown on her, but she couldn't. This man in front of her wasn't her father, a man she disliked; he was someone completely different. It made her wonder what happened to make him so cold, and it wasn't just the death of her mother. "So what are your theories?" she asked.
She thought, wishing her suit was closer. Why didn't she build a portable device that would allow JARVIS to take over any building in a matter of seconds? "She should've done it sooner. Maybe, I should call her and give her a shoulder to celebrate on."
After pouring herself a cup of coffee—black, she twisted her body around and leaned against the counter, barely able to keep upright on her shaky legs. She brought her hot, steaming cup to her lips and took a few small slips. Grinning like the Cheshire cat, Toni could already feel the magic juice work, snapping her sleeping cells awake. It would be the end of world—no, the end of time if coffee were ever to lose its effect on her. She would be a bloody mess if it did.
"There are a few dames, who I think of, that are," Bucky countered, with a chuckle. "But, what do you expect to do with that girl? If I remember correctly, she was looking for a homeless shelter."
Steve wastes no time in scoping up the genius, as he pulls him into his arms. "Yea, who wants to watch that hocus pocus," he says as he tucks Tony's head under his chin. He gives Bucky a smile as he reaches a free hand to his other boyfriend.
. He pro- "Stop it," she yelled at herself. She knew nothing will become of it if she continued that thought process.
He quickly turned the folder, finding the folders for the commanders. To his delight, not all of them were dead, but at the same time it didn't bring him joy. Even if they were alive, they were lost to him and it would be wrong to contact them after all of this time, though he was tempted by it. They would know what happened to Toni, whom had been close to a few of them. He took a deep breath knowing that he couldn't do that because that would be selfish of him. Heck, he shouldn't need to ask them as it should be in one of their folders.
After the knife was cleaned, he put it away and stepped away. Not caring if they found the body, he left it there with no attempt to hide the body, though he avoided making foot prints in the mud and blood puddles. As long as he was able to follow his 'target', he didn't care who found the body. His mind was on one person, his target: Toni. He had to find her. Had to figure out who she was and why he had an urge to protect her. It was stopping him from functioning at 100%, and it was his duty to figure out why. His handlers would understand. It was logical.
Steve let out a chuckle. "I think your exhaustion is talking," he said. "Why don't you closed your eyes and sleep? I'm not going anywhere."
Private glared at Peggy for a few seconds before turning away. As he walked away, Peggy added, "You should put something on that eye." Toni let out a chuckle. "Are you okay, Sark?" she asked once the man was gone.
Steve stared at Toni, holding her tight against his chest. Under the lights, he could see all of the marks and dark spots on her skin. He could see the dark shadows on her face; he could see the exhaustion written on her face, and it killed him. He hated to see how run down she was. Hated how pale and thin she was. Had she not been eating? Did she hide in her lab the whole time? "I know," he said, softly.
There was something in his voice that Toni couldn't place, but with Pepper's hand on her back trying to lead her away, she wasn't able to give it much thought. However, the tension in the room was hard to miss. "What's going on?" she demanded, looking between Pepper and the rest of the room.
him here, which was different. This was her mess, and she had to fix it herself. She was the one who made the threats. She was the one who couldn't keep her mouth shut. She was the one who wouldn't listen, so no, she didn't want to involve Steve. He couldn't be hurt because of
Tony didn't and still doesn't know what to make of it, but he ate the food with a bit hesitation. At that time, he wasn't sure if Barnes still hated him and wanted to off him; however, since he didn't die a few hours later, he guessed the former Assassin didn't want to kill him anymore. Tony took that as a plus, but it meant daily, silent visits by Barnes who keeps bringing him delicious food. He now knows the saying about men is correct: a way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
"I am sorry, Miss, but Miss Potts demands to speak with you. She will not take no as an answer," JARVIS replied.
You're a maniac," Toni said, her eyes glued to the dying Maya. She was unable to remain upright, and it was a struggle to keep her eyes open. Toni couldn't stand the woman in front of her, but she didn't want her dead—even if there had been days in the past that she had. "Who would join you? I see how you treat your employees."
"Please, tell them," Zola responded when he stepped toward her. "Tell Schmidt what he wants to know."
She wanted to tell him that he couldn't or shouldn't do anything differently, but she knew it was pointless judging by the look in his eyes. She also knew that if she told him not to, he would know it was the truth. "My childhood wasn't that bad," she replied. Sure, he shipped her to boarding school and she hardly saw him, but she couldn't say it was
She had to keep telling herself that it was her imagination. It was her nightmares, nothing more or less. It wasn't real, no matter what her brain was trying to tell her. She had a mission to do, and he was going to do it.
Toni knew the perfect time to break into Stark Industries, and it was during the Stark Expo, while her father was on stage showing off like he always did. While he was making a fool out of himself, she would be sneaking into his company and stealing back her device. Hopefully by the time he found out, she would be long gone… though she still had no idea of how to power it without another arc reactor.
to see anyone else," he said, reaching for the med kit on the bed. "I just want you. You do things to me that I didn't think was possible."
"Corporal Sark, where would the fun be in that?" he asked. "I just want to show you a good time." They were starting to attract a crowd; however, no one did anything except watch.
The sun was peaking over the hills and cliffs and casting a soft light in the room. "I…I can't sleep," she spoke, softly.
Rumlow didn't step back, standing his ground. "Miss Stark is a highly valued asset. It would be foolish not to-"
Though he was unsure of what exactly Steve was thinking, he knew it had to be the same thing as him. It hurt like a bitch to leave without Toni. He had to watch her be taken, and now he had to leave her. He failed her again.
"No one said you did," he replied with a smile. "Let's see if I can find Barnes or Rogers for you." He got to his feet.
"Get your grumpy ass hand off her," Barnes ordered as he reached down to him; however, Toni batted his hand away. He was clearly shook. "Toni." He was giving her a pleading look.
She took a deep breath because he did have a point. That Commander did say they were after her, though it was still a wonder why. How would they even know about her unless they had information about the future? "I'm going to see Stark, and you can watch me as I walk." She tried to turn to leave but he wouldn't let her. "What?" she asked, annoyed. Why was he holding her like this?
He isn't a teenager for crying out loud. He can control himself. "Agreed," he says. His voice creaks, but he hopes no one hears it.
But that was easier said than done as he spotted the Brunette, decked in a worn suit of armor, and a black man heading toward the boat in the distance. With annoyance growing, the Asset didn't know how he missed them exiting the compound, but they were getting away, and he couldn't allow that. However, it didn't seem like he had much of a choice, as the speed boat zipped away before he got close. Feeling a different emotion bubbling inside of him, he knew that was one thing: it didn't matter how far Toni went he would find her.
"Let's getting going before the handsome Shield Agent gets bored and leaves without us," Toni said, getting to her feet.
"You have also given me bruises, you know. Then, there're the injuries from my tech. Sometimes my inventions get out of hand. Plus, we can't forget about U and Dum-E. I'm lucky they hadn't killed me yet." Toni interrupted again. "Heck, there're times I just walked into things because I'm too busy being awesome."
Steve Rogers was a great many things but he wasn't a fool in any sense of the word. He was smarted, even before the serum; however, at the moment, he doubted his intelligence. His mind kept playing tricks on him and he found himself filled worry, fear and stupidity, which he hadn't felt in a while. Missions could not keep his mind off everything that was happening, though he had to admit that he really didn't know what was happening. And that just made anything worse: the not knowing. Fury didn't tell them anything besides the fact that items were stolen from Black Hawk and they had the ability to disrupt Toni's equipment. He was being very secretive and Steve couldn't help but think that was a bad sign. He had to be hiding something… though he shouldn't find that surprising. Fury was a spy after all.
The dress had a high neck, which covered the reactor, but that didn't mean it was hidden. Toni was staring at her chest looking for any hints of the blue glow. "I can see it," she muttered. "Or maybe, I can see it because I know it's there. Yep, that's it," she announced. It really wasn't that noticeable and no one would notice it unless they were looking for it.
"You just ruined my 'walk away,'" she whined. Peggy was correct: Toni needed to be careful with what she said as she was being watched. She could land herself in trouble, which she had to avoid; however, she sucked at that. She couldn't keep her mouth shut to save her life. "Why are you letting me go?" she asked, curiously. "Did Colonel Salty change his mind? He thought I was a spy, a danger."
Toni took a deep breath, knowing she should let him leave. The Colonel, who knew what he was doing, probably sent him in to get her to speak, because Erskine had a friendly face. Though it wasn't often, the Captain in her time had only good thing to say about the Doctor. "Then you should let me go?" she asked.
"Agent Romanoff is correct," JARVIS replied, almost a second later. "By retrieving Miss Stark yourself, the time to-"
Toni was shivering in the cold wind as Barnes and she were hunched down in dead shrubs right outside of the base. She had her gun drawn as she waited for Barnes' signal. He was looking for the right opening, and it wouldn't be long as most of the Hydra Soldiers were trying to stop Rogers, which was almost impossible with his super strength. However, Toni was worried about him, but she knew it wasn't needed. With his skills, he could take care of himself.
"Where's the Mark 7?" she asked, wanting to get out of here as quickly as possible. No one could stop her if she had the suit.
She's ungodly quiet as she leans forward in her chair. She's staring at him, a very calculated look in her eyes. "If you say so," she says, slowly after a few long seconds. "Saves me some work, because Barnes is pacing outside your doorway, and it isn't 'I'm bored' pacing. It's 'I'm on a mission pacing,' and he's ready to take on the world to get in here. And let me tell you, it's alarming. He has that murderous look in his eyes, daring someone to get in his way so he can knife them. He's scaring Rogers."
The genius didn't let the AI finish, ending the call. As JARVIS was sending the suit, there was nothing else that she needed from him. Now, she just had to wait for the suit, which should only take a minute or two; however, Toni was never any good at waiting. Bad things happened when she was waiting with nothing to do. She tended to do stupid shit- well depending on who you ask- when she had on her hands. On the other hand, she had no interest at the moment to do anything, feeling like she had been ran over by a truck.
Toni touched down in Camp Lehigh with a light thump and scanned the camp before disembarking from the armor. Like she expected, the Camp was empty with her being the lone soul in the area. "What the ETA of the others?" she asked, wondering how much time she had alone.
"Half way home, I noticed I forgot my cell phone. I need my cell phone. The house phone won't do for business call I am waiting for. Have you seen it anywhere?" Pepper bit her lip, as she glanced around the room. Sighing, she walked to the bar where Steve was standing. "Did you break a glass?" she asked as she noticed the wet counter and small pieces of glass. He nodded. "Just be careful, I don't need anyone to get cut."
A warm hand appeared on her shoulder, which sent the genius ten feet into the air. Fearing Barnes, she started to fight, struggle against the hand on her. Her heart was ready to pop out of her chest, fearing he was getting his revenge. "No," she yelled, her voice shaky.
Toni spared him a glance before turning back to the bully. "Go," she ordered. Her good hand was balled, ready to punch the asshole in the face. Even with a broken arm, she could still kick ass...Her mind frozen for a second as it flashed back to the hand round her neck again.
Maybe after all of this was over, Toni and he could visit Dugan and Jones. Just the two of them without anyone else. It would nice with just the two of them, as she would understand. She would understand what he went through. She would understand what these men meant to him, without him having to explain it. It felt amazing not to have to explain it, because she was
"I-" Toni started as she turned around. Peggy was gone and the doors were seal shut, leaving Toni all alone in the old fashioned New York. She wasn't scared, but this was a whole different world than what she was used to.
Located in deep within the Alps, it was extremely cold and Toni needed several layers to keep warm. It would've been wise to stay inside or by a fire, but she wasn't thinking at the moment. Sitting down at the base of a tree in a pile of soft snow, she took out the file and opened it.
"You know, it's never a good thing, when Mother and Father are fighting," Clint teased, crossing to the window. The view was amazing and Clint could understand why Toni built the tower here. "It does a team no good. Maybe, you two should just make up already. Or not, angry sex is the best kind of sex there is."
"Nothing major that I can tell, but things are changing," he answered as he closed his eyes as if he was in pain. His head hurt when he thought about the past and Toni. There were too many conflicting memories. "I still can't remember anything after her flat-lining." He was sick and tired of that nightmare; he wished he could find out what happened after that. Was she alive? Why couldn't he remember?
"Toni, easy. It's me." Toni stiffened as she looked up to Rogers, who sported a worried look in his eyes.
She pulled away slightly. "Now get going," she ordered. "I have to get ready for the sunny skies. I can go outside in my bathing suit in December, which the media will love. They love to see my skin."
"We won't do that to you, Tony," Barnes adds softly. "It was a mistake before, and we know it. It hurts me to remember what we have done to you. I hate myself for hurting you so badly."
"Good," he replied, as that was definitely what he wanted to do. She needed a boast, and he would gladly give it to her. He would gladly do anything for her.
Steve slowly made his way up the stairs of his apartment building with one thought on his mind: sleeping. Due to his last mission, it had been over 48 hours since he slept—something he wouldn't tell Toni, and he just wanted to lay down, even if there was no chance of it with his restless mind. Besides the normal nightmares that he was plagued with, he was still hyped up from the banter from Clint and the others. He knew a round with punching bag would do wonders for him, but he would need at least ten bags if not more due to his sour mood. Plus, he needed a non-shield place (he didn't want to deal with anyone from shield), but right now, he did not have the will to find one, not that it would help if he did. Due to the late hour, it was a ghost city, and most likely, nothing would be open.
"Heard what?" he asks, pushing himself up using his right elbow. His eye twitches as pain shoots through his back.
"I hear you, Barton," Steve replied. "I'll put that arrow in myself before I hurt her. I'll never hurt her. Never."
Tony tilts his head and glances around the room, wondering why it's so silent. Where's the banter from the peanut gallery? He doesn't miss it, but it's weird. He scans the room, noticing it's just the three of them. The rest of the room had cleared out at some point, leaving them to talk it out. "Then why?"
Natasha picked up a book. "You're an idiot. You scared her away earlier, when she had come out to eat, which is something that she needs, and now you have her locked in her lab." She stared at a few pages before putting it back down.
her. The AI was the best thing the genius had ever created, and this creation didn't make mistakes. He fixed things, saves her from herself, which was why she relied on him so much. So the AI
"Don't Toni me," the genius snapped, glaring back at her. "I'm sick and tired of people Toni-ing me." With that, Toni bolted out of their quarters, toward the huge aircraft.
Toni turned. "Fire Rocket?" she asked, eyeing the solder running toward her. He looked familiar, but she couldn't place him.
Dugan, sitting on the end of the bed, eyed her as she attempted to get up. "You need to rest, Stark." He said.
Then there's Steve, who knows what Tony needs before he knows. He knows when Tony needs cuddle time or alone time, though he never gives the genius too much time alone, as he knows what silence does to him. Someone, he knows the exact time to come down and get Tony, and Tony likes that. He likes that he doesn't have to tell Steve or hide what he needs or wants. He likes that he doesn't have to change like what he had to do with Pepper.
Chuckling, Steve stepped to Toni and softly pulled her into his arms. He enjoyed the feeling of having in her arms, knowing she was his. With a great smile, he placed the kissed to her head. "Let's get you back to the Tower."
Plus, Gabe said his daughter was probably going to call the search team if he didn't return soon, which Trip laughed at in agreement. Dum Dum also mentioned that Nancy was probably worrying and fretting about him not being back yet, which Steve eyed in confusion. It took him a few seconds to remember that this was the Nurse, who Dugan fancied and followed around like a lost puppy in the nursing home. It made Steve laugh as he wondered how that Nurse put up with Dugan. Serious, this woman must be a saint or something.
"How hard are you willing to fight for her? S-Toni is going to need someone to call her on her shit, even when all she does is swing. She's going to need someone to take care of her, but yet, force her to do it herself. She needs support, but she needs to want to help herself…" She paused for a second. "She might need more than you can give," Natasha said, staring at him. "So what are you willing to do? Willing to let someone else help if and when you can't?"
Tony takes a deep breath as he turns to one of his Iron Man suit against the wall. Learning that retirement is never going to stick, he gives up trying and keeps a suit ready. He knows it's unhealthy because the suit is more than him wanting to save people. It's a safety net for him. "Prepare the suit for me," he orders, though he has no idea of where he will be heading. He just needs to go.
Tony chuckles. Though he may not like his overprotective AIs, he must say it's funny to see them go into full guard dog mode. "She's been talking to Vision."
Though he hated how sexual this time was, he couldn't help but stare at the picture. Toni was breath taking; her body, including the reactor, was perfect. Although he cared for more than just the body, he found himself desiring to touch her; he closed his eyes for a few seconds as he tried to clear his mind. He just wished that everyone else couldn't or hadn't seen her so exposed. He knew it was a completely different time and sex wasn't a taboo, but still. He did
She closed her eyes, not daring to look back at him. He couldn't see her like this. "Hey…Sorry, I'm late." she said slowly. Her own voice sounded broken and shattered. There was no way he wouldn't be able to tell.
"It seemed like our favorite genius snuck out of a building after a conversion with Steve," Dugan said from the sofa.
Shaking her head, Toni picked up her head, and with an unsteady hand, she tried Bruce. He would surely pick up? Right? They were science buddies! But, she had no luck and his phone went straight to voice mail. "Fuck."
Toni snorted. "I know what it looks like when someone is following me and he was following me." Shaking her head, she took a deep breath. "He wanted to take me to his master," she stated, unsure if she should tell him that, but she decided that since it didn't have anything to do with the future, it was fine.
Toni glanced around, trying to figure out where Rollins was taking her. Somewhere along the way she had dozed off for a good few minute—not that she could understand
"No, I don't think that would be a good idea. She doesn't like you and I don't want to alienate her more," Phillips responded as he crossed to the other side of the table to look at the designs. Peggy followed slowly behind him. "So what did you do to anger her?" He didn't think that they had even met, but they didn't have to meet for Toni to dislike Stark. Howard Stark was the CEO of Stark Industries and a leader in the weapon business. "Break her heart?" he joked. She had stated she didn't make weapons. Maybe, she hated wars and violence.
She gives him a look, mumbling to herself, but the genius can't make it out. She just stares at him for a few second before she speaks, "Are you sure? You hadn't spoken to anyone since you got back."
It was that look that killed her. "I'm sorry, Steve." It felt weird on her tongue, but it was worth it to see the smile on his face. He had asked her before to call him Steve and she didn't. This time, she would try her best to call him Steve. "But I still don't think you should give up."
Toni scanned the area one last time, looking for the man…Looking for someone. "Where did you go?" she asked herself, seeing nothing but trees and leaves. "I'm not crazy." She shouted, angry. Toni told herself she was being ridiculous, reading too much into everything. It was just the wind, just some nice person handing her a water battle, and she knew, but her brain was in overdrive, imagining the worst no matter what the situation was. Now for example, she couldn't help but think that stranger was out to get her. To kill her on her way back to the mansion. No one would know. Probably think she would die due to exhaustion. It was the prefect plan.
"Can we get through Christmas first?" she asked. "Or rather, our makeup Christmas? You know. Not really Christmas, but we missed it fighting evil! The Forces of Evil!"
"Toni," he said into her hair line as he held her tight, and he held her for a few seconds before he spoke again. He pushed her back slightly to take a look at her, but he didn't let go. "Are you okay? Did they hurt you? Did you need any medical attention? Are you okay?" He was just rambling off so many questions that she couldn't possibly answered.
Harley stepped to Toni, eyeing her shaky form. "What did I say?" he asked, looking someone had kicked his puppy. He looked heartbroken at seeing Toni like this.
With a deep sigh, Toni thought about Barnes, and she could only imagine what it would've been to have been there. To have seen the fear in his eyes when he knew his death was upon him. That thought alone gave her nightmares, and every now, Maya's death brought up these heartbreaking emotions, creating pictures of Bucky's death in her head. One hand balled at her side, while the other yanked the power cord out of the arc reactor. "We have job to do."
Bruce stared at him for a few seconds before standing up and walking over to him. "How is this your fault? You didn't lock her in the lab and force her to work on that Device. You have no idea of what could've happen."
Toni pushed away from Barnes slightly as she watched the Super Solder walk to them. For taking on a base filled of hydra soldiers, he looked unharmed, which was pretty damn amazing. She had to give it him, without really giving it to him, because that outfit wasn't helping. He looked like an idiot wearing it, but he liked it for some odd reason. "Geez, Rogers. You look to be in one piece unlike that shit you're wearing," she said as she eyed his ripped jacket.
He inched his face closer to hers. He could kiss her if he wanted to. "It's such a shame a pretty lady like yourself has to be caught up in this." There was a pause. "However, you need to work on being respectful. I guess my master would show you that."
Still wearing the annoying dress uniform, Toni paced the room as she waited for her stupid father, who made her very nervous. Could she impress him? Or would he be disappointed in her like always? She betted the later as she had never made him proud. Why did she care anyways? She shouldn't care what he thought about her.
If Steve wasn't so damn worried, he would've laughed, but there was only one thing on his mind, and that was getting to Toni. Between Rhodes and JARVIS, he knew that it was bad, and the idea of Toni suffering didn't sit well with him. It felt like a stab to the heart, knowing that she couldn't sleep; it felt like he had failed her. It felt like he had abandoned everything that he had promised her.
fire, melting from the inside out. Her suits were melting. She wasn't sure what it was, but seeing Steve jump down in front of her with his shield made it worse.
Toni might have been able to take a day off and play hooky with Steve, but unfortunately, she couldn't do that every day like she wanted to. Stark Industries did not run itself, even though JARVIS ran a lot of the day to day operations, and she couldn't take more than a day off, even if it was her own damn name on the walls. God, she missed Pepper. Why did she let her leave again? Oh, wait, she knew why. It was for their friendship or –what was left of their relationship. It was an olive branch in a sense, trying to repair what was broken between them.
She wasn't sure how their relationship was going to last- if it was going to last. How would it work alongside their team? There were reasons why loves ones in law enforcement didn't work together, granted she didn't know if the Avengers were even a team. How could they be a team? Just because they were 'living together?' Were they living together? Or where they just hanging out? Besides, what made them a team? Just cause they joined forces once or twice? Besides, didn't a team need to trust each other? She wasn't so sure they did.
This beating seemed to last forever, and when Schmidt's hand came back bloody, she couldn't take anymore. "Stop," she yelled, which only caused Schmidt and Madame Hydra to laugh. "Stop! Just stop." She thrashed in her chair, bruising herself with each shake. She knew she was being stupid as she was tiring herself out and ruin any plan to escape.
The Super Soldier was still in his navy Captain America suit with his shield on his back. This uniform was one of the most comfortable that he ever wore, but he missed the red, white, and blue. He missed what it stood for. Sure, he still stood for the same thing, but it felt distance in this. He felt different. "I'm going to find Toni."
However, when he wakes up the next morning, he finds himself completely alone in his huge bed, which is far too large for just him. At first, he thinks his men just left to get something, but both sides of the bed are cold, a clear sign that he has been alone for some time, and even if he tells himself not to, he worries. His insecurities are flooding back, and there's nothing he can do to stop them. "How long have they been gone?" he asks his AI, hoping they're just on their early morning run.
Phillips knew where Rogers was coming from, but they didn't have the man power for that, and Rogers was too emotional to see that. Maybe, it was a good thing he didn't know about Toni, though he wasn't too sure of their relationship. It seemed like he had a thing for Agent Peggy, which just annoyed him. "They're thirty miles behind the lines through the most heavily fortified territory in Europe," he answered. "But I don't expect you to understand that, because you're a chorus girl."
Again, Toni couldn't help but smile as she stared at her 'family,' and she couldn't help but wonder how she had gotten so lucky. Sure, they had their issues, and though she would never admit it, she was glad she had them. Maybe, her Christmas wouldn't be as bad.
"As they are not a weapon, it would make sense a weapons expert would not know anything about them," Toni stated, narrowing her eyes at him.
That image of her was forever burned into his mind. At first, he was surprised she was alive because she was covered in blood and cut. It was also freezing, and it was a wonder that she was still alive in this weather. For a brief second, he wondered how she got here, because there were no signs that she was dropped here by someone or that she was here for long. The cold would've surely killed her if she was there longer than an hour.
"Fine," he snaps. "But this doesn't change anything. It can't!" He takes a few deep breaths, trying to prepare himself for the pain that's about to follow. He's about to admit that he has feeling in front of the whole
He stared at her for a few long seconds before he answered, "Phillips told me I did a great disservice to my best bud for kissing you, and I couldn't disagree. I knew how Bucky felt about you, and I didn't want to betray Bucky's memory. I didn't want to dishonor Bucky by going after you."
wanted to see him like that. She may have left the message alerting to him that she was alive, but there was no telling if he got it.
"Not Shell head," Toni whined, as she continued to watch Steve. Her eyes followed his every movement as he started to undue the buckles on his uniform. At a time like this, he hated the number of buckles and snaps he had on this thing. Seriously, why did he have so many? What was the purpose of having this many? Was any reasons for these buckles besides keeping him in the uniform?
Silence befell the labs after Bruce left, and neither one of them spoke for a few minutes. It wasn't until Steve shifted that Toni moved. Her glance turned cold as she pulled her arm from Steve, who release it without much of a fight. "If you don't mind, I'm going to go take a shower," she replied, turning from him.
Okay, Toni knew they were right, but it was bugging her. There was no way that her device was destroyed on impact, granted she couldn't be 100%. She was using a different power source the last time, and there was no telling what that cube could do, but still. Something was off! She could feel it in her bones. "He'll be fine!" She replied, waving them off.
"Mr. Stark has it," he stated as he put her phone back into the bag. "I'm sure you know who that is." He put the photo in her lap.
"Even if Steve and I sat out, Clint," Bruce started, "you still don't have a chance." He glanced toward the sleep Brunette in Steve's arms. She was balled up against Steve with her head on his chest.
Toni pushed herself up, careful not lean on her bad ankle. "So, Brucey? Since we aren't in the band, want to join me in Malibu? Nice sunny, no snow. Bath suits all the time?" She could feel Steve's stare on her as she said it, and she couldn't help but chuckle at it. "Unless you are hiding a beer gut or something. I for one look hot in a bathing suit."
Steve kneed down next to Toni. "Are you okay?" he asked, lowering his voice so only she could hear him.
, and he feels like a complete fool for thinking that this relationship can work. How did he ever think that they can love him? That he'll be any more than a third wheel? More than some fun in bed?
He eyed the two sets of dog tags handing around her neck. He could see his and Bucky's name on them, and he couldn't help but feel possessive of the brunette in front of him. Ever since she had gotten those tags, Toni hadn't taken them off, no matter what, and Steve enjoyed that fact. He enjoyed the idea that his name was always on her. He liked the idea that she would always have something on her that would remind her of him… and Bucky.
The world had changed so much in the last seventy years and he doubted they would need an old man like himself. They didn't need an old worn out symbol; they just wanted power and frame. There was another reason why he listened to Dugan when he told him to stay away from Toni. He was afraid that she wouldn't want him now, even if she did remember him. He was old fashion and outdated and she was not.
She buried her face in her father's chest. He had no idea of how badly she needed a life line or how bad she needed this, but she couldn't understand why he was here. He should hate her. He should want nothing to do with her, like so many others. Maybe, it was because he didn't know everything that she did. He didn't know where Rogers was and that she could lead them right toward him. He could be back with them.
Steve gave her a confused look. "Toni, this isn't your home," he replied, pushing the hair out of her face.
She let out a chuckle, remembering all of the countless posters that she seen of Steve in that stupid outfit. She thought his outfit in the future was bad, but this get-up was completely hilarious. She couldn't believe that he went along with the Senator's idea, but she guessed she knew why. He wanted to be doing something, and he was doing something, even if it was comical.
He leaned down on the table, right next to Toni. "I'm wondering why Phillips wants you to complete it and why you're willing to do it. Is that why he let you out of that cell?" Howard wasn't stupid and given enough time, he could figure it out, even if he didn't believe it at first.
"I do. With the items taken, it would've been possible for them to affect Stark's Device." Fury with his one eye was able to look at both Romanoff and Barton. If they were surprised or taken back, they didn't show it.
When they got back to the diner, Barnes didn't say anything to Toni besides asking if she fell in. He didn't say anything about her disappearance during the whole meal, but she knew he was curious. He had been eyeing her the whole time, and it made Toni slightly uncomfortable, but she didn't say anything. She didn't want to talk about it in front of Rogers, and it was clear that Barnes didn't want to either.
Howard didn't move as she got to her feet and stepped away. He watched her as she stood there holding herself. He allowed the silence for a few minutes, studying her body language. "Toni," he called again. She was standing half way across the lab, playing with a wrench. "Talk to me. I know both Rogers and Barnes' deaths are hitting you hard, and it is okay to allow people in. You… you don't have to go through this alone."
She was the only thing he needed, wanted. If he had her, he would behave. He would listen. Would do whatever his handlers told him to do. If he had her, everything would be alright. He would be alright. So why couldn't he? Why did
Steve shifted closer to Toni as his hand dropped to her neck, keeping her from moving back. "I need you."
Seeing Steve pull back the little black box, something inside of Toni broke, and she snatched it, holding it against her chest before he (or even, she) knew what happen. She held it tightly, refusing to let him take it back. His expression turned to confusion, as neither one of them knew what she was doing. She had paused for a moment as she reached up to take off the necklace. She had fumbled with it a bit, taking a few long seconds to unclasp it with one hand. Once she had the long chain off, she took the ring out of the box and slipped it on the chain all without saying a word. Before Steve could move, she clicked it back on and held it tight, blocking it from view.
Yep, this man's brownie points are going up, liking him more and more. "You can't blame me. I think you need some non-spy friends," Toni replied with a shrug. She wouldn't admit that she was hiding behind her jests.
love him either. Not at all, though he gets that weird feeling in his chest each time he sees him. He isn't sure why this happens as they had always fought like cats and dogs. There is and was never a time that they didn't, but he feels something for the blond, the likes he never knew. However, he refuses to knowledge or speak it out loud. It won't end well if he does.
"Can I suggest someone getting a towel for Miss Stark when she enters?" said JARVIS, drawing everyone's attention.
Barnes grabbed her and pulled her to him, holding her close. "As we may not see each other, I want to-"
but he likes to watch at times. He knows they know this as they do stuff just to test his restraint, which isn't a lot. First, they just do this in the bedroom, but then, they start to make out in front of the lab's glass doors, not holding back. One will be pinned against the glass by the other, while both of them rips off the other's clothes, and every time Tony looks up, they give him the 'oh, don't you want to join us' look. Most of the time, Tony can't resist, but there're times where he can. Those times, he just watches them go at each other, fucking each other hard into the glass or bed. When they're finished, they don't take no for an answer and drag him to bed.
"I'm not jumpy. Rogers is just exasperating." She would rather talk about her anger than her fear with Barnes.
He turned his attention back to Dr. Erskine, who had a calculating side to him and he knew when to push and when not to push.
Steve was only vaguely listening to Fury's banter with Loki as he was too focused on Thor. The rest of group was listening to Fury as he tried to tell Loki how screwed he was. Steve had no interest in this conversation as he couldn't get Toni out of his mind. He couldn't stop thinking about how Thor could've hurt Toni in that fight as he flung her around like a rag doll, and it pissed him the hell off. No woman should be treated like that, and Steve was itching to tell him that, though he doubted Thor would listen.
Toni turned away as not to look him in the eyes. "Did anyone tell you your breath smells?" she asked, mockingly. She wanted to ask him what he thought she was caught in and who this master was, but she decided not to play his game. "Do you not know what a toothbrush is?" She closed her eyes waiting to be hit, but it did not come.
"I try." Phillips shook his head, but he didn't say thing. "So where's Rogers?" She didn't remember much before passing out in his arms as she cried. It had been the first time that she had completely fell apart in front of him both in the future and past, though he had seen a few tears from her before. But it had been completely different now. She had broken down in his arms and she found it hard to believe that he would leave.
Toni just stared at him for a few seconds. He had that smile on again that could make her melt. "You really want one from me," she stated shocked. She couldn't understand why it was so important that she gave him a nickname.
Toni froze at the sound of Howard's voice. She glanced ever so slowly to the man and felt her heart skip a few beats as she hoped not to find him staring at her. To her joy, she found herself staring at his eyes lids. He was still sleeping, only having shifted in the seat. "No," Toni said, quietly.
"I don't know what the big deal is," Steve said. They were in his bedroom, which had seen better days. Unlike most of the apartment, it was neat and clean, while the furniture in the room was old and mismatched like the rest of the apartment.
They both laughed. "You're something different," Gabe stated. "Why are all the good ones taken? The Captain has Agent Carter."
"Hey kid, what would you like for Christmas?" Savin asked, as he glanced back to the trapped genius.
There was something off about this room, which didn't look quite right. "Where am I really?" he asked, suspiciously. Toni should've been here; she wouldn't have left him here alone, not after what happened. Peggy wouldn't have left him either.
She landed next to him and he felt his heart skip a beat. He didn't know what to say or how to say it without sounding like a love sick puppy. Why did the sound of her voice do that to him? "Toni," he greeted, happiness dripped off his voice.
The genius' face lit up to a bright red color. "Oh, yeah. Our imaginary child, who's going be a Stark by the way. Sorry about your luck, Rogers," she teased, trying to hide her red face.
No, there's not a tightening in his chest. Nope, it's all in his head; though if it isn't, he isn't sure which one he is jealous of… He likes the both of them, though he doubts any of them likes him. "No wonder if he does-"
"Somehow, someone had broken into the base at Black Hawk," Fury stated. "There is no footage or record of the unauthorized entry, but a few of the top secret items had been taken."
but why?The super Soldier wasn't sure what it was, but he didn't like it. He was looking at her like she was some kind of object and he hated it.
Toni took a deep breath as she went to meet up with Rogers and the gang. She was all geared out in army gear with her military belt heavy with two canteen, binoculars, and a small first aid kit. In a small bag that she had draped across her body, she had a compass, a Swiss army knife, and a pocket watch. On her back was a small bag, which held a few items that Howard had given her. Unlike regular soldiers, she did not have a rifle, not that she would know how to handle it. Instead, she had a hunting knife hidden in her boots and two hand guns in two leg holsters.
Before Toni could speak, Steve spoke—still looking like a kicked puppy, "That was an accident. An accident that'll
The Super Soldier spared her a glance as he closed in on the masked man, who had yet to get to his feet. Like he had nothing to worry about, the Assassin glanced at Toni one last time—a lingering look, as he reached into his pocket for another device. This one looked slightly different than the last device: bigger. And without saying a word, he turned it on and tossed it. As soon as the device hit the ground, it was like someone had frozen time, because the man was gone. It was like he was never there in the first place. A ghost.
With a deep sigh, Toni shook her head and turned from the window quickly. Ignoring the shattered glass on the floor, she stepped toward the bar on the other side of the room with one thing on her mind. Her hand was trembling at her side, but she did he best to ignore the shaking. She also did her best to ignore her rapidly beating heart as it threatened to pop out of her chest. Even with sweat running down her face, she ignored it all as she poured herself a tall glass of whiskey, which only lasted a few seconds.
"I won't let anything happen to you, Toni," Barnes reinsured her, snapping her out of her thoughts. He was looking back to her with a smile.
Side note: When do you you think Doctor Strange started? Meaning, the events of the movie had to take over years, right? In my head, I was thinking 3 years? Because he got into a car crash then he had many many (I think the Movie said 7) Surgeries, and then started his magic training. So, the Surgeries long had to take more than a year because he had to heal after each time? See this is what I overthink on. hahaha
"The flirty blond woman next door?" Toni interrupted her, giving her the stink eye. Though Sharon was the last person she wanted to see, it did give her something else to focus on rather than Barnes' ghost. Like the fact that Barton always teased her about the flirty Blond who might just steal Steve away. A blond that he surely knew was a fucken Shield agent. She was going to kill him. Kill him slowly with the new arrows that she made him. Then she would break them in his face, mocking him, as she refused to make him any new arrows. The ass could go back to the standard Shield arrows.
JAVIS didn't answer right away. "Miss Stark is in need of Captain Rogers' presence, and as I am programed to serve her every need, I am retrieving him for her."
"It's already forgotten." She said, putting on a smile. "But know this. If I see one more mark on Toni—I don't care how small-, I'll kill you myself." With the smile still on her face, her glare was off putting. It made him uneasy.
"Tony," Rogers utters again, his voice shaky. "No!" he says strongly. "Stop. Come on, Tony. Let's talk about this." His voice is breaking with every word. "Please. Tell us what's wrong. We can fix it," he begs as he talks a step forward.
Toni was bent over, struggling to breathe under Bucky's deadly glare. There was something demonic in his eyes, like she was staring into death itself. He was a lion stalking his prey. He wanted to play with her, torture her slowly. "No," she yelled, as she turned to the door and bolted out. Tears fell from her face. Her whole body shook, and she all but stumbled down the hallway. With her heart racing, she glanced over her shoulder to see if he was following. "No," she cried, seeing Barnes standing in the door way with his knife hand raised.
Steve gave her an exhausted look, hoping she would let this go, as he didn't want to talk about this with her. He didn't want to talk about this with anyone. With Fury running him all over the world on nonstop missions, he wanted was to sleep, granted that was harder to do nowadays. If he could sleep, he wouldn't be running at 4 in the morning, but that didn't mean that he didn't try to sleep. He did. "I don't much attention to their shit." He said, wishing he could just cuddle up with Toni. There was no denying that he slept better with her. Would anyone notice him disappearing?
"I ran into Agent Carter," he replied, rubbing the part of his face where she hit him. "You have a mean right hook. I don't think that I have ever been hit that hard." He put on a smile.
," she wailed. "I thought you would be happy to see me!" She pretended to be hurt, playfully pouting. "Granted, I expected you to throw a party. I'm pretty sad you didn't."
Lifting his head, Steve glanced down at her, expecting some kind of respond from her, but there was nothing. He was shocked to find her passed out in his arms. He knew she was exhausted; he could see it, see that she was fighting it, but he didn't realize how fast she would fall sleep in his arms. And he couldn't fight his smile, knowing that she could fall sleep so easily in his arms. There was pride in his chest at the thought of her trusting him enough to do so.
"Sir," Zola called. "We have an intruder." He pointed to a video feed. Schmidt glanced at Toni before crossing to Zola.
Her mind started to go to the dark side. Someone should've come to her; JARVIS should've alerted the Avengers that one of their own was down, but they weren't there. Why did everyone abandon her?
The journal was filled with many different designs, which was just a testament really. A testament to how much her mind was a fucked up place. Opening her journal, she skipped toward the back, looking for a blank page. Mixed in between her designs were her mind's random writing about her guilt and shame. Some of the writing took up pages while the other times she wrote on the edges of the pages that featured her suits' designs.
"The sooner the better," Steve said, his expression turning rigid. A realization dawning on him. "If there're super soldiers out there, it won't end well for anyone."
"You shouldn't underestimate your opponent, especially when she had already outsmarted you twice," Erskine smiled, looking at the devices on the table and in Peggy's hands.
"I would assume that you would want out of that cell sooner, which is something that Thor can give you." Loki stepped closer to her, which forced her to take a step back. She wasn't sure why she even bothered to take a step back as he couldn't even touch her. He wasn't really here.
Toni felt her heart race as she searched the thin envelope for the missing photo; however, no matter how hard she stared, there was no other photo. The yellow envelope was empty. With growing panic, she searched the ground, hoping that she had dropped it when she pulled the letter out. It had to be somewhere, right?
"You started it," she argued as she put away her binoculars. She slowly pushed herself up into a sitting position and eyed Barnes, who looked ready for a battle with his rifle on his back.
Said man heard Natasha call his name, but he could only stare at the ice cold water, roaring as it clashed against the cliff. Even without the continuous assault of the waves, there was no way that Toni could've survived, not when she was pinned to the ocean floor. He watched helplessly as she was dragged to the ocean floor, and she hadn't emerge from the ocean. As he watched her be overtaken by the waves, his heart had almost stopped, and it was hard to breath. In fact, he was still finding it hard to breath.
She tried to calm herself down with a few deep breaths, but it wasn't working. "You don't know me, Rogers. You have no fucking idea of who I am, where I came from or what the hell I'm going through, so leave me the
The Doctor gives him a look. "S-Tony," she say, slowly, as she waves the nurse out of the room. Her eyes travel down his form, surveying all of the cuts and bruises along his skin. "Your right leg has been crashed and you have several broken bones in your left arm. The dam-"
"Always working on something," he says, placing a kiss to the top of Tony's head. His lips linger as if he's expecting something more from the stiff genius. "Bucky made this for you."
Schmidt forced her to her feet again. "Why would I do that? With Zola and you, there's no stopping me."
"My master doesn't want her hurt," he said. That sounded weird to Toni, considering how harsh and brutal this man had been back in the alley. There was a point that she thought he was going to severely hurt her, but now, he seemed almost scared. Did his master threatened to kill him if she was? But how would the master know how he treated her?
Tony stiffens suddenly, as he recalls their sudden abandonment. So why do they want him now? They didn't want him before. Are they feeling guilty? "And they haven't come rushing in?" he asks, knowing they're the type to do so… though they're here just out of guilt, so that 'protectiveness' is probably gone. No need for them to rush in.
"Lucky?" She asked. "I'll show you lucky!" She showed him her fist, knowing full well what he was doing and she cursed him for it. She didn't need him to comfort her. "So what did Peggy tell you?" she asked, after a few seconds. "And don't give me that it was nothing. She told you what happened, didn't she?"
"Rogers," Phillips called, giving him the look. "Easy." Rogers looked at the Colonel before glowering at the floor of the plane. His hands were fisted at his side as if he was holding something back.
Across from Steve stood Bruce, who was staring at Steve with an intense look on his face. Pepper couldn't quite read it, but she knew he was in deep thought. His stance was stoic as he leaned against the bar with his arm crossed his chest. With almost every piece of hair out of place, Bruce looked exhausted, though he hadn't moved an inch to sit on the stool next to him. He just stood there in deep though, eyeing Steve.
As they walked, Toni kept noticing him glancing back at her. What's going on in that head of his? She asked herself. Was it because of the neighborhood they were walking into? It was bad. Was he embarrassed by where he lived? He shouldn't be. She already knew who he was and where he came from (not the whole story but still); he didn't need to worry about what she was thinking… But maybe he should, she thought, knowing how judgmental she was at times.
"No one knows I am from the future," she countered. She paused for a second as she thought about her past. She wasn't as innocent and naïve as he thought she was. She had faced and seen things that she wouldn't wish on anyone. "I have been tortured before," she admitted, weakly. "Do not doubt me."
Sharon glanced own for a second, remembering what she was wearing. "I had a shift." She said, plainly.
"N…N," Toni said, trying to speak; however, she couldn't get anything out as her mind started to jumble. She tried to wake her mind by doing something, but she couldn't even move. Everything she was feeling started to disappear and it was only a few seconds later that Toni felt herself drift off into darkness.
Toni's fingered buried themselves in his shirt, holding onto him for dear life. "I…I keep seeing things."
"You want to teach me?" she asked, with an eyebrow raised. "I can protect myself. I don't need you to show me." She would keep saying it until he believed her.
Steve smiled softly, relieved to see her playfulness come out. "I got you, Doll," he replied, purposely playing up his Brooklyn accent. Usually, he hid his accent, kept it under wraps. He wasn't ashamed of it; he would never be ashamed of where or how he grew up. However, his accent seemed to fade the more and more he spent away from Brooklyn, and soon, it was work to keep the accent.
Letting go her of ankle, he tossed the wet pants away toward the other articles of wet clothing. "Are you okay up there, Doll Face?" he asked, slipping into his Brooklyn accent.
She stepped away rather than fight with him, because it wasn't worth it. "Why thank you," she said instead. "I enjoy my mouth. Guys do as well." Toni intended for that to be dirty.
"That's go both ways, Rogers," Toni said, looking into his eyes. "Talk to me, and I will talk to you." She knew he had nightmares just like she did, but he rarely talked to her about them. This conversion (before it turned to her ankle) had been rare for the Captain, who kept everything in. "Tell me about your dreams."
A red Bruce laughed as Steve turned his stare on him, but before anyone could open their mouth, a sound of quinnjet roared in the distance. It wasn't loud as most air crafts were, but it stole everyone's attention. Lights lit up the sky, passing through the tower's windows, as the jet touched down on the helipad. Every eye stared out the window as the jet landed. "Looks like your ride is here," Toni uttered, bitterly.
"Don't hold your breath," Steve countered. It was true that he didn't see the world like Fury did. He saw the world as it should be. He saw the world as something that should be protected. Fury, on the other hand, saw it as broken, something that needed to be beaten into submission. He expected the worse, saw the worse. Steve understood the need to be ready, but he didn't want to see the world like that. He wanted to see it as good.
She glared at the tool, which she could only image had been used on quite a few people. She had no idea what that device was possibly used for, but she knew whatever it was used for that it wasn't going to be pretty. "I never knew you liked my voice," she said, trying to keep up her brave front. "Your crush is getting out of control."
The genius blinks a few times as the reality of the situation comes rushing back at him. It's like someone has hit a switch in his brain, and he can see. He can think. "When were you born?" he counters, his throat killing him. "W-why is it okay for a woman to ask a m-man that, but yet, a man can't ask a woman that?" His voice sounds like nails on a chalkboard, and it hurts to speak, but he can't seem to keep his sentences short. "I-isn't that a bit sexist? Are you sexist, Doctor?"
With an arm firmly around her, Steve held her close, ready to protect her from anything. It didn't matter what it was, as he was willing to do anything like protecting her from pillows, granted he didn't think it would be so soon. The second the movie was over, Barton picked up one of the pillows and flung it at the sleeping genius with a loud chuckle, but it never hit his target, as Steve blocked it with his another arm. "Barton," Steve sneered.
Taking off her watch, she adjusted it to the time and stared at it before returning it to her wrist. Standing up, she straightened out her AC/CD shirt and headed out of the lab, because she didn't want Pepper coming after her, even if she had to see him. "Stop being a chicken," she told herself.
Tony is yelling in his head. He doesn't want that image in his head, even if it's the only thing in his head. It also doesn't help when Rogers pops into his day dream to help Barnes put on said skirt.
Closing the door behind her, Toni stepped into Steve's tiny loft apartment and paused to take a look around, taking everything in. With a deep sigh, she stepped further into his 'home' (if she could call it that), glaring at everything she saw. Not realizing it until now, she
If the situation wasn't serious, Pepper would've chuckled at Steve's snappy reaction; however, something that Bruce said had her worried about Toni. "What happened to Toni? Where is she?"
His coat was heavy and it weighted her down, but she was thankful for it. She didn't realized that she was shivering so badly. "Who says I'm?" she asked softly as she held his coat close. It warm.
Toni, in shock, brought her arm up to protect her face as a few fragment of glass flew at her, slicing her. It wasn't anything substantial, but the cuts bleed. The wave knocked her back a step, as she wasn't expecting it to be so strong, but it didn't knock her down like it did Howard, who landed a few feet from her. Slowly bringing down her arm, she turned to her father, who had a smile on his face.
"He told me that you weren't go going with him and that Rogers Kid to the Stark Expo. He didn't believe you would try to steal back the device, but I knew you would." He shifted through the papers. "You are predictable."
she yelled at herself. She shouldn't have allowed herself to get close. She shook her head, because she couldn't go there. If she did, she would go crazy. She also didn't like chasing after Rogers, who walked way too fast. She couldn't keep up with him when he did his angry walk.
She didn't need to see his face to know it was deep red and that he was also annoyed at her. "Just have so fun."
If this was some kind of game, she was going to kick someone's ass—namely Sharon. "I hate it, okay? I want to beat the asshole who did it." There was no describing how she felt when Steve was hurt.
Toni's head snapped up and to the left, eyeing the man at the door. "Cap," she called, noticing the Super Soldier at the door. He was leaning against the glass door frame, as he eyed the scene in front of him. There was an interesting, hard look in his eyes, but Toni didn't care. She was just happy that he was there. Without her realizing, there was a smile on her face as she looked at Steve. For some reason, he could always brighten her day. It was like he was her
Toni would've snorted if she could've mustered it. "You and your men had already," she coughed out. Her throat was starting to hurt from all of the talking. When Schmidt reached down to her chains, she almost flipped out of her chair, scared. "W-What are you doing?" she shuttering, annoying herself. She hated how weak she sounded.
"Yes, Miss. I do not detect any malfunction in my programing or software, and I can confirm that my scanners are operating at 100%," he replied, sound almost insulted.
Unable to walk any faster than snail, Jones stepped slowly to the struggling Dugan, who was unsteady on his feet. "I live with my daughter. Only unloved people end up in the nursing home."
Aldrich gave Maya a side look before glancing back to Toni, eyeing the sweat running down her face "If you could see yourself, would you change your mind?" he asked as his eyes traveled down to the dog tags around Toni's neck.
Eyes flickering to her boyfriend, Toni eyed him. She kind of liked the jealous look on Rogers, as it was hot as hell, but the Captain had nothing to be jealous about. There was no way in hell that she would ever go for Rumlow, especially since he had been stalking her. For that, she wanted to throw him off the cliff and watch him splat. "Like he has a chance. I don't date Stalkers, especially SHIELD ones," she said, glaring at him.
Stepping even closer, he narrowed his eyes at the downed genius and said, "It seemed there's a metal armed Man, who is interested you, so interested that he's becoming an annoying spec on my Boss' radar. And let me tell you, my boss doesn't like that. He doesn't like pests, who cause trouble. He also doesn't like the bloody mess being left by this man. He also doesn't like annoying genius, who don't know when to quit."
Toni glanced at him before staring at the covered window. Since entering the building, she had been able to warm up a little bit, but she still felt shaky, and she knew she would be ill in the morning. "You don't understand. It's worse not knowing…" She closed her eyes. "I keep seeing him dying over and over in my head, and each is worse than the last." She was hard core sobbing.
She glared at his back. It wasn't the time to bring this up, but she knew he wouldn't drop it. "There's nothing to tell. You're the one who been acting weird since I told you the truth."
As he took down the Quinjet, he forced his mind away from Toni, a woman that he would find no matter what. Though he would need to locate her first, he doubted that Rollins would take Toni to SHIELD;s headquarters, not if they wanted her for something. Wherever she was, he would not allow anything to happen to his genius.
Even with everything going on, there was only one thought in Toni's head and it was 'oh crap.' This wasn't the first time she ran into one her super fans, but man, this person was one of the extreme—the mega crazy ones. Plus, he was giving her the
So maybe, it was all in her head? Maybe, JARVIS was right—because let's face it, he hardly ever was wrong-, but that
And oh, I lied. I said, this was going to be a two shot, but as I was proofing this, I felt it helped the story better if I cut the final half into two chapters.
Peggy glanced at him only for a second before turning back to the Captain. "Howard has some equipment for you to try. Tomorrow morning?"
"Who said you were?" he asked, looking her over. Her eyes were closed again and her chest was moving up and down ever so slowly. She didn't respond. "Toni," he called. Toni didn't respond again. "Toni?" He reached out to her and placed his hand on her shoulder, but she didn't stir.
"Someone would probably pay for a video of that or at least watch it," Toni interjected, thinking. "Oh, there're probably a lot of sex type that the media would love to see."
That was way too high for Bruce's liking, and he closed his eyes as he remembered what Steve had told him. Steve had seen her flat lining, which he was glad that didn't have. "It would be fried much like the reactor upstairs?" he asked.
Panic had started to creep up in her, when she realized how screwed it was. Her heart was roaring in her ears, as her lungs struggled to expand. It was like someone was sitting on her chest. "Fuck. Fuck." She swore again, unable to calm herself. Toni, again, had faced a whole lot of shit, but being trapped could always send her through the roof. Feeling light headed, she forced herself to take a few deep breaths. "You're fine," she told herself, repeating it a few times. "Yo-"
Toni wanted to say something snappy, but she thought better of it. The nurse, who looked stupid in her uniform, was correct: she needed to rest. "Okay."
Jones pushed down against the couch as he struggled to stand up. He glanced toward his silent grandson, who was watching the room silently. "Steve, stop." He called as the Super Soldier headed toward the door.
Steve inhaled slowly. He wasn't sure if it was the altered memories that were doing this to him or what, but he couldn't let anything happen to her, even if Toni couldn't understand why he was doing so. As Steve felt himself drift, he thought about how much he hated time travel.
There is only one answer to that question, and there will always be one answer to that question, even if he isn't okay. "Yes, Mom," he says.
Toni fell to her knees as her legs finally gave out. She was surprised that her legs had lasted this long as Schmidt had painfully forced her to walk. Every step hurt and it threatened to overtake her, but the insane crazy man seemed to enjoy her pain. She should've suspect that from him, but she didn't think he was that much of a sadist. She was dead wrong, because he was a sadist in every sense of the word.
"I would." He paused. "I would also like to know how you got into my lab. My security is top notch."
That comment snapped Steve back to Fury and Loki's conversion and he bolted up from his seat. If the chair wasn't stationary, there was no doubt that the chair would have been knocked back.
The metal doors squeaked as they retracted slowly, revealing the painted doors. Pepper, the first one to make it to the door, tried to pull it open, but they would not open. "JARVIS, unlock the lab now."
"You made it perfectly clear that I was a horrible father, which isn't too surprising," he replied. "I think it runs in the family. My father wasn't the best either, but I'm going to make it up to you."
She tried to smile, but the grip around her neck started to tighten and she was struggling to breathe. Black spots started to enter her sight, clouding her vision, and she knew it wouldn't be long before she was out.
She had some trouble flipping through the pages as the gloves she wore made it difficult to flip through. However, it would be exceedingly stupid to take them off as she would get frostbite in a few minutes and she liked her fingers a lot. Plus, she was already pushing it as it was, being out here, but she needed to do this. If she didn't, she would surely go crazy.
Was it strange that he was already so attached to this woman? Maybe, but he didn't care…though maybe he should be. Like with most people, this level of attachment should scare the shit out of him, but it didn't— He couldn't remember a time that he didn't love Toni, a time that she wasn't important to him. In fact, he had used this feeling to drive him. It gave him something to come home to; it gave him something to fight for, when he felt alone. He had something—someone to come home too, when everything went to hell. He needed that like he needed air, which was why it hurt like hell to see Toni like this, and it made it all the worst, when he had no idea of how to help her. He had no idea of how to get her sleep, besides forcing her, and that felt wrong. The idea of sedating her felt like a betrayal, and that feeling made his blood boil. It made his skin crawl. But he was at a loss of what to do, and he hated that. It f-
"Sure," he said, a little shaky. He stood and walked to her. He put one of his hands on the back of her neck to hold the dress together, and he placed the other on her lower back.
Rogers looked taken back by her objection but he still insisted. "You're shivering. How long have you been out here in the cold without a coat? Didn't they give you anything?"
"I'm curious," Rumlow said with a shrug. "I can't blame him. Even if Stark is a threat to Hydra, there's no denying she's hot." There was stupid grin on his face.
"He probably wouldn't like that," Toni said. Sure, it was a nickname, but she wasn't sure if he would like it, not that she was trying to make him happy. She didn't care if he was. "So what are you guys up to?" she asked, glancing around.
"You two are making me sick," Phillips stated, interrupting them. The loose, open handcuff rattled against the metal case as the Colonel stepped to them. "And I would rather not puke up my lunch."
The exhausted genius didn't know when she started to hear these voices—No, not voices—just one. She was only hearing the
However, that wasn't exactly fair to say, as Steve didn't take Toni here to show off himself. He came here to show her something. He came here to snap her out of her own head, and it didn't take a genius to know what. He came here to show her Bucky, came here to show that Barnes was a hero. It wasn't that Toni didn't believe it. She did. She just blamed herself for his death. "What are you doing?"
"It isn't a big deal which time period she is in, if I can't get this thing to work," he said as he crossed back to the device, that couldn't hold power at all.
"…A homeless shelter? Why?" He was concerned about her and it was clear. Toni wished she knew the reason, because why would a stranger be worried about someone he didn't know? "There aren't many around and I don't know of any off the top of my head." He stepped toward her. "Why would you need a shelter? Why can't you go home? I can walk with you if you like."
"You know, I was jealous at first seeing my boyfriend checking out another guy, a guy that I thought hated me. I thought…" Bucky starts but drifting off. He pauses as he smiles. "Doesn't matter, but I decided to get to know you, even if I knew it was an uphill battle. I wanted to know why Steve cares for you so deeply, and you know what? I fell in love with you. Sure, you push me away like the punk that you are, but I could see it all. I saw how cute and caring you are- No don't deny it. You are-and with each second you let me stayed with you, I knew I wanted to know you more."
." There were no words to describe how cruel his voice sounded. It was horrible. "They would be dancing on your grave."
She shook her head. That was different. She wasn't sure how it was different, but it was different. "You two seem too busy making out. I can make it back on my own."
living here, even though he spent most nights here. Granted, she also didn't like that it placed her within spitting distance of Fury. She would rather be in New York, her city, in Stark Tower (Was she paying for it? Yup, then it was Stark Tower no matter what Barton called it) than here right now, but she was finally biting the bullet. Steve was here, and she wanted him, so here she was. Not knowing when it happened, he was
She glanced down at the file. Without actually looking at it, she could tell it was about her as she saw her face staring up at her. "What's this?" she asked.
Toni took a deep breath, feeling her exhaustion creep back on her. Trying to shake it off, she placed her hands palm down on the bed and pushed up. She held herself there as her arms begun to shake beneath her. She pushed herself back into the headboard, trying to knock herself awake, but no one noticed as all eyes were on Dugan and Jones.
Steve forced himself to stare down at Toni, because if he looked at Natasha, he would be shooting draggers.
"Can you stop calling me that?! You're tall, sexy, or blond, so you don't get to call me that," she snapped, having trouble feeling her feet. And that lack of feeling wasn't helping her at all. It was causing her to have flashback to memories that hoped to keep hidden.
was responding. At this point, everything was blending together, and black spots danced across her vision, making her wonder if she was going blind. "JARVIS," she called again. But like before, nothing happened, and Toni was left wondering if she was dead.
However, Tony isn't one to back down from a challenge, and he's willing to face it head on, even if he's shattering on the inside. He shakes his head and pushes farther away from them. Even if he isn't looking directly at them, he can see the shock and surprise on their faces as he pushes away. "I don't need nor want you guys to play
Hola, Yes, I know. I had been awhile, but I couldn't get the pen to paper. It was a struggle and I am sorry for that. I hope I can do better for the next chapter. I just didn't know how much time had passed.
"When can we be let into the lab?" Natasha asked, eyeing Pepper. She was a trained assassin and she didn't like the what if's game. She needed facts.
"Trying to get me back in the world?" Steve asked, sending another punch to the worn out punching bag. He kept having flashbacks of the war, of his commandos, of Toni's face when she watched him run off. He hadn't realized at the time that she had been scared, that she didn't want him to go, but he could see it in her eyes as he looked back at his memories. Her eyes ate at him as he thought of her.
Phillips glimpsed at Peggy. "I see you two might have an issue getting along. If you two can't control yourselves, I'll step in and if I have to, it won't be pretty. I cannot allow this on the battlefield."
Phillips glanced at her and eyed Toni's bruise for a few second as if he found it insulting. "I want every ally looking for that main Hydra base."
"Toni," he uttered, looking back into her eyes. His fingers dropped to her arms, gently caressing her skin. Even though he taken off her wet hoodie, she was still wet. "I just-"
Erskine's eyes widened as he realized Phillips plan. "If she does try to break into Stark Industries, we will know the truth and will have grounds to hold her. If she doesn't, we'll know that she's not a threat."
"Where do you put it all?" he asked, looking her over. They had stopped to eat once before and she out ate him, which was very difficult. He could eat.
It felt like someone had knocked the air out of her lungs. It was how she felt when she had made weapons for the military. It was one of the reasons why she stopped making weapons after she was tortured. She had seen what her weapons had done. "You didn't pull the trigger," she replied, knowing it wouldn't help. But it was what she had been told.
you need to be well rested," he stated. Fondness filled his eyes as he looked her. "Just imagine what I could do to you, but… Please, Tony. I'm worried about you…" He drifted off, taking a deep breath. "I-I…" He took another deep breath as run one hand down her back while the other tugged at her messy bun. "Promise me you will try to sleep. Promise me, Toni."
Toni didn't remember that; she couldn't really remember anything. What was going on? "I need to see, Salty," she muttered, giving up the fight against the woman.
Laying her down in the bed, he was a bit surprised that she hadn't awoke. Though he tried to be as gentle as he could, there was only so much he could do without disturbing her. While tugging off her pants, he could only do so much not to shake her too much. However, considering how tired she was, he could understand why she hadn't stir, though it scared him slightly. He couldn't help but wonder when the last time she had slept
Shaking his head, he crossed to the mirror in the room and stared into it. He could see why everyone was worried about him; he looked like shit. He looked totally exhausted with those huge bags under his eyes; plus, he was still covered in mud and sweat. "Rogers, you look like shit," he told himself as he turned away from the mirror.
Toni snorted. "I did, but he was useless." She only saw a doctor because of Barnes and the stink eye that Rogers had been giving her; however, he was useless, only giving her pain pills.
Steve huffed. "I don't like her. I don't know her, though I'm interested to find out why she was in that empty lot. Don't you think?" He watched his roommate. "What's on your mind?"
"I thought Hydra was keeping a low profile," the Senator replied, as he tried to control the shaking in his hands.
Toni tried to pull away but she couldn't break his grip. "I'm not from this time. I'm from the future. The year I'm from is 2013." She looked him in the eye, trying to show him that she wasn't lying.
"Hey!" Clint cried. Both Steve and Toni snapped around to see Natasha plucking the bulb midair from Clint. There was a smirk on her face as a look of doom fell on Clint's face. "NO!" he cried as he fell to his knees.
"My Mother, she…" he started slowly, pausing for a second. "I was a sappy child growing up. Always fantasizing as I was too sick or small to play with others. Everyone teased me, including Bucky, but he did playfully it and threatened everyone else who did."
Rollins' eyes were focused on the road in front of him, as his hands tightened on the wheel. "Just shut up," he demanded, his voice suddenly frigid. It was like someone had hit a switch on him and he was ready to kill. Considering he was a highly trained SHIELD agent, it wasn't too far from the truth.
"Geez, you make me look like a bad guy. What's wrong with not wanting to answer questions?" She knew she should shut up, but it was hard letting someone else have the last word.
"He is a fool," she said. Toni glanced up at the commander who was sorely focused on the stalker, making this her chance. She rammed her elbow in the woman's chest, knocking back only slightly, but it was enough for her to get out of her hold. She ducked under her hand and reached for a gun; however, that was where Toni's luck ran out.
moment, she was replaying the nightmare in her head, recalling the hatred in his eyes. God, was she loser? Was she crazy? She knew she should tell them the truth: Barnes was haunting her. She should tell them that she broke the lamb as she threw it at the ghost.
Toni found Savin's car easy enough, and she was in the driver's seat without minutes. She had the heat blasting within seconds, trying to warm her frozen body. She sat there for a second, taking in all of the heat that she could; however, she also needed that second to calm herself. Her emotions were all over the point, and she couldn't function like this. With her legs still tingling, her body still felt foreign to her, and it was amazing that she could even move.
His hand dropped from her face as he leaned back from her slightly. "No, the military is handing that. They don't want SHIELD anywhere near it. Politics or something, though I'm not sure how much SHIELD is really holding back. I doubt Fury isn't looking into it as we speak."
"Does it matter? Do you really think they're going to give Captain American a ticket?" he asked, as they pulled into Avenger's Tower.
The next time that Toni woke, she was alert, which was surprising. She was expecting more torture, but she was alone in the room. The only thing she could hear was her own breathing and the rattling of the chains, and that was a scary thing; she didn't know how to handle this. What did it mean? Were they done with her? Did she tell them something in her haze? She hoped to whoever the hell was upstairs that she didn't, but if she did spill her guts (something she would never ever live down), why was she still live? Surely, she wasn't needed anymore, though she did have a boat ton of future information to give. Or maybe, they were going to drain her dry, and if they did that, she didn't know how, but she knew one thing: they would not be gentle.
With a weak smile on her face, she slowly stepped to his bed, and without even touching on it, she knew it was shit. There was no doubt that it was hard as a rock, especially knowing that Steve preferred a stiffer mattress. As she sat on it, her eyes widened in shock as she pondered how Steve slept on this thing. It felt like she was sitting on the ground, on a rock truthfully, as there was no movement to it. "We are so changing this bed, Rogers." she declared, lowing herself on down on it. "Seriously, the first thing." She paused for a second, realizing how quickly she left the tower. "Sure, I don't have anything on me like money, but I'm Toni Stark! My face is the only thing that I need." She wasn't planning in coming to DC, so she only had the clothes on her back.
Shaking her head, Toni cleared her mind and turned her attention to the monitors. Though she knew she shouldn't, she was going to do her best to help these soldiers win this battle, as they weren't going to lose because of her. Having a bird eye view of the base with the cameras, she was going give them support that they needed.
In the middle of the camp stood a flag pole, and even if the camp was empty, the flag was flying high. Not far from the pole, a dirt line was drawn into the ground in a circle pattern. In the middle of it, Toni's device laid opened with loose wires not yet connected traveling away to a machine shaped like a podium, where Howard was working. Around him were cases of different shapes and sizes, and each were opened as her father worked from all of them. He was silent, focused.
Why was it so hard to stand here? He was bursting to tell her everything, even if he knew that was stupid, but he wished he had some time to prepare meeting her, so he wasn't like this. Why did he have to be like this? Why did she reduce him to this? How did she do it? His legs felt like jello under her stare.
"So? Like that changes anything. I don't give two shits what your rank is," Toni snapped as she turned to him.
"I do not know of Miss Stark's location. She is not in the tower," JARVIS answered. "I also do not have any record of her leaving the tower as well."
Toni jumped and glanced toward Phillips who had been calling her name. "Talking to me?" she asked, as she glanced toward Peggy, who was staring at her.
Steve didn't like what he was feeling right now. His stomach twisting, it felt like he was abandoning Toni, though logically he knew that wasn't the case. He couldn't help Toni, until he figured out what the hell was happening. It was just that he wanted to hunt down the man that took Toni and kill him, but as Natasha had told him for the hundredth time, figuring this out was the key. This would stop whoever it was that attacked Fury and had their favorite genius. However, that didn't stop how he was feeling. "Take your feet off the dash. We're borrowing."
Toni turned to the Mark 7, which had arrived at her side when she was reading the letter. "JARVIS, can you give me the number for the Law firm Spector and Ross?"
"Teaming up against me?" he asks, not liking that idea. He really doesn't like the idea of Wanda putting this much thought into his wellbeing. He can't help but think that she is up to something.
Natasha chuckled as she shook her head. "I need some popcorn for this," she said, standing at the back.
Taking a few deep slips, she leaned back in her chair and stared out the window. Pepper's office had a nice view, and Toni could see for miles. She could also see her car from this view. Not wanting her new Driver or Happy to see her so drained, she had been driving herself to work for the last week or so. Though if she was this exhausted, she shouldn't drive herself to work. Well, she could always test fly the Mark 42 into work tomorrow if she could get it to fly.
After the Soldier made it to the streets, it didn't take long to locate the brunette in the crowd of people. She stuck out from the rest, as even though it was cold outside, most of the crowd was wearing skin tight shirts and short skirts besides his brunette. She was wearing a hoodie that looked a size or two too large for her with a pair of black work out pants that hugged her body just right. Her shoes made a different sound from everything else as they made contract with the ground, and it called to him.
The Colonel's face crunched as he chuckled. "Wasn't talking to you, Stark. I was talking to the prettier Stark," he replied.
Steve's eyes dropped to the limp in her side, and he could feel his heartbeat pick up at the sight of her injury. He didn't know what had happened, but he was going to hurt someone. "I deserve that, but I'm not going anywhere," he said, as he came up behind her and picked her up quickly. She instantly struggled in his hands.
Her crazy stalker stepped forward, alarmed at the blood dripping from Toni's throat. "What are doing? My master wants her alive."
There were only two lights sources: her dim arc reactor and a light bulb on a wall outside of her cell, which looked like it was going to die. It was so unbearable hot that Toni thought she had sweated off a few pounds in the heat. A rock would have been more comfortable than the bed that she was sitting on.
Ramming his shield into someone's chest, Steve shoved his target back several feet, most likely stopping the man's heart from the impact. "I might take you up on that," he replied. He didn't have
A smile appeared on Stark's face at the sound of her last name on his lips; however, she didn't comment on it. Instead, she just continued on. "I don't know why no else sees it. You make it seem like I'm the bad guy, but it's you. You're the reason for everything. I don't know why everyone wants
Toni tried to stand up, but her legs gave out and she fell back. "He thought he could use me, after he saw my reactor," she spoke, pointing at her chest. "He also found it funny that you send a woman." She felt her face, trying to feel how bad it was. She had resisted the urge to look in a mirror, as she didn't want to see how bad. It had to be bad since she had a hard time seeing out of her eye and her jaw hurt whenever she spoke, which was horrible as she loved to talk.
The Reporter gave her smile as he scooted away. "It's freedom of the press," he said. "Think about the attention these photos will get."
She gave him a look, challenging the Captain with her eyes. After a few minutes of just staring, she turned from Steve, scanning the entire lab. The state of the lab was a clear sign of the battle that was ragging in Toni's head, and it wasn't good. Though Toni wasn't neat in general, the lab was in a complete disarray, and it was a wonder that she was in one piece, considering the number of broken and destroyed objects that lined the floor. It was no wonder why JARVIS felt the need to hijack the quinnjet. "I don't think you understand the battle that you're in for, Steve," she retorted. There was a tone, not quite angry but not quite calm.
Toni glanced at her before turning to the glass filled with water. The very thought of water freaked out and she could barely look at it, without feeling sick. "I got to go," she stated as her heart beat started to race. She stood quickly.
Resting his head in his hands, he closed his eyes. "Women simply do not fight on the battlefield and I would be laughed at if I let you."
The next few weeks went by faster than Toni expected. After she got the correct tools, she was able to convert her smart phone into a portal hacking device. Though she had yet to test the device, it should be able to hack any computer system and unlock any computerize lock; however, just in case her father only had manual locks, she had obtained a small lock picking kit. She had honed her skills on a few different locks that she had found at the hardware store.
"Oh, how you pain me!" Toni whined. Clint's rose an eyebrow, studying her expression like Natasha was. There was a struggle in his eyes as he remained quiet, and it was clear that he was fighting to remain silent. Toni didn't like the way they were looking at her, but she didn't call them on it. "And, Brucie! My ankle hurts!"
Hearing Barnes' angst and anger, the silent genius turns to them. Tony looks between the two, and he can't help but admit that these two look good together
were fighting over her. They were best friends. She closed her eyes, trying to remember what happened. "Oh, I was sitting down in the lobby, when I fell asleep. They must've come across me. URGH!" She shook her head as she remembered Barnes kneeing beside her. "I so need to get out of here." She wondered for a second as to why he brought her back. Barnes didn't even want her here to begin with and she didn't blame him.
Being the ass that he was, Steve responded, "I guess I got a late start. Right, Toni." He winked at her.
Salty had no clue to how much trouble she was in. "I do. It's you who don't know the trouble that I'm in." He didn't what she was talking about and it was written on his face. Taking a deep breath, she changed the subject. "You knew I would come for it tonight," she stated.
With a look on his face that Toni couldn't quite read, he said, sadly, "Alright, Sam, duty calls. Thanks for the run. If that's what you wanna call running."
"What?!" She yelled as her eyes snapped open, realizing her peace could not last. If she could glare at JARVIS, she would, as he had stepped on her peace.
Struggling with the Mark 42, Toni's mind flashed back to the fight with Steve a few hours ago, just before her mansion was destroyed. They fought mostly about her recklessness and her inability to accept that something was wrong, not that he could do the same. However, she didn't want to accept that anything was wrong, even if she knew that something was. She wasn't sure she could acknowledge it as that meant she had to face it, and she didn't know how to handle that, which was why she turned to her suits. They were her much needed outlets and what was wrong with having something to focus on? Surely, it was better, right? Surely.
The larger man took off hat and bowed to her. "The name's Timothy Dugan, but call me Dum Dum." He waved his hat for a second before putting it back on his head. "It's a pleasure."
Before Fury could respond or even crack a smile, everything went to hell in a hand bag, and that was putting it lightly. It was like everyone was screaming at once, while she was trying to listen to a guy across the room. You could probably add like crazy, barking dogs to mix. That was how it felt, like everything happening at once, and Toni's mind couldn't focus.
No, she did not blow up all her suits, and she would like to slap Barton every time he said it. Clearly, he failed kindergarten and couldn't count, because she kept three. Yes, three of those bad boys. The rest—which were all damage anyhow—were fireworks, expensive fireworks. Though money was never her thing or something that she thought/worried about, she couldn't help but wonder how much money she just blew up. Would Pepper's head explode if she saw the dollar amount? She knew Clint's head would explode. Probably go on and on about how what he could buy with that money. He would probably go on about an Island.
"No, Tony. I will never hurt you on purpose, but…these terrors turn me into something I h-hate." Bucky has tears running down his face. "I t-thought I was going to hurt you in your sleep, and I couldn't- Can't have that. Can't! You mean so fucken much to me. So fucken much. You're everything to me!" He's sobbing now, as he struggles to keep going.
Toni smiled when her tent came into view as it was her escape, but it didn't last as she spotted a certain someone laying on her cot reading a journal that she had been keeping. "What are you doing here?" she hissed as she made sure the flaps to the tent were closed. She didn't want anyone to come in and see a god on her cot; that would be hard to explain.
For example, the brunet man outside the window wasn't James "Bucky" Barnes, but rather, a look alike. Even if he was a few yards away and a standing at an angle, the man looked remarkably like the soldier, but it wasn't him. It just wasn't, even if he stood or looked just like him. Unable to clear her mind, Toni forgot the chair on her legs as she stared at the man. Though his shoulder length hair blocked most of his face, he had firm jaw lines much like a certain dead soldier, and though his body was hidden in a large hoodie, it was clear that there were body doubles of each other. In fact, if it wasn't for the fact that she
And I did see Civil War, I won't say that I hated the Movie, though Winter Soldier is still my favorite. However, that movie made me angry. I went in wanting to be Team Cap, but I came out, wanting to beat someone. The Movie made it seem that Rogers was willing to do anything to save Barnes, which kind of shows why the Accords are needed...
"I can't leave you two alone for a minute, can I?" Rogers stated as he entered the room. He had a smile on his face, as he was clearly glad that they were talking again. "Anyhow, we better get going, Bucky."
Wanting to get closer, the Asset quickly lowered himself to the street and followed her as she crossed the street. Separated by moving cars and trucks, his eyes, hidden behind his googles, studied the expression on her face. He could see the harden, pained look on her face. He could stressed in her eyes as if she had seen something she didn't want, and the Asset didn't like it. He wasn't sure why, but he didn't like it.
"And yet, you think the world of each other," Sharon added as she slid the phone over to Toni. "What do you see in that picture?"
Exhaling, she forced herself to think about Steve and not her nightmares that plagued her. As she rounded a corner in the alley, she saw the asshole that was beating up Steve, and she saw red. He had Steve by the collar against the wall. "Hey, asshole, get your stinking hands off him," she demanded.
Phillips took a deep breath. "I didn't think I need to say this, but it isn't fair to him. You don't belong here…" He paused. "He belongs with… Agent Carter."
"HEY!" Steve shouted. "I'm not an ass." If anyone was an ass, it was Barton…or even Toni. He was most definitely not an ass. "I was-"
Even with a sore throat, Toni laughed. Why couldn't everyone joke around with her like this? Jokes were nice, a good distraction. "I'm never that
Toni could tell he wanted to ask or say something, but he was holding back. "Good," she stated. She may have not gotten the core from one of those hydra guns, but she did see quite a few that she could lift. "Help me up," she ordered.
Toni broke out into a laugh, trying to throw him off. "I think you're reading too much into that," she said, recalling what she had said to him. He had tossed it aside as a joke then, and Toni had thought that was the end of that. She thought that she had discredit the idea, but she did the opposite. "I'm Toni Sark from Brooklyn," she said as smoothly as she could in her exhausted-haze. Years and years of experience had made her a master liar, so she said the quickest thing she could think of, and it wasn't a complete lie. She had lived in Brooklyn with Steve and Bucky, which seemed like an eternity ago.
Banner's face fell as he couldn't take the idea of her dying either. She was his closest friend, and he didn't know what he would do if he lost that. "We'll get her back."
"Well that's because you hadn't face it fully, Salty!" She turned to the Colonel and gave him a smile.
Though he did not move from the podium, she saw his mouth move in a rapid movement, but she wasn't sure if she just couldn't hear him or if she just couldn't comprehend him; however, she didn't understand him. "March 15," she yelled, barely making it a few feet. "H-Howard, M-march 15-" She yelled but unable to get the words out or maybe she did and she just couldn't hear them coming out of her mouth.
She turned back to Rogers and reached into the sink. "Fuck," she cursed as she made the water too hot.
Toni had no idea why she was acting like this, but her emotional self was pissing her off. She kept telling herself to grow a pair because she couldn't deal with these emotions anymore.
"Toni," he said, letting out an annoyed sign. He shook his head as he got to work. Setting some tools down next to the genius on the bio bed, he stood at her bed side and glanced down at her chest. She could tell he was forcing himself to stare at the reactor and only the reactor, though she didn't understand why he was so shy. It wasn't like he was exposed like she was. "Let's take it out and take a look," Bruce said. "JARVIS, keep an eye on Toni's vitals."
this did ended- and it will-, it could or would divide the team, and she couldn't let that happen. Couldn't. "I have no doubt in that," she said. "And she'll hide my body where no one will find it."
"That isn't the mission. The mission is to bring back that data; nothing else matters. I can't leave you," Barnes said. His voice was cold, unfeeling. "I need to get you and that device back to base."
Before she could anything, her father spoke, "Toni, it's okay." He hushed her like a father would do with a soft voice, but she could see the hesitation in his eyes as he did so.
Phillips took a deep breath as he stared at the typewriter. Normally, he would have someone else type it up as he spoke, but he couldn't, not with this one. He had to do this himself, because he was only person who knew the truth. However, he wasn't sure why he had to write it, since she knew this was going to happen. She had to have known that his forces would be taken, that his forces couldn't last against Hydra, so why did she go? Was the item she needed so important? It had to be if she needed it to get home, but why would she go on this one? Did she know something he didn't? If he thought about it, her just being here told him too much. They had to have won this war somehow.
Okay, he isn't alone…Once his vision clears, his hazy brain can make out that he isn't alone, though none of the avengers are present. Instead, there're two hospital employees—but do they count as people? Well, not people Tony wants to see, but it takes a few seconds for his mind to work who they are. They're both women: a doctor and a nurse, and the good doctor is shining a bright light in his eyes, which annoys the genius to no end. Is this woman trying to blind him? What's the purpose of shining it in his eyes? Does she not care how bright the cursed light is? Is this some kind of torture? Is she getting some kind of sick joy out of this? Is she an old lover or something? Does-
"Well, dear O', Dad," Toni started, "I take after you." Her mind started to drift toward future Rogers and wondered whether he had seem the similarity between her father and her.
In both time lines, it seemed like her father loved to yell at her for some reason or another, though it didn't seem as bad in the new time line. He seemed guilty about it in the new memories, but it didn't make it any better for Toni. She still felt neglected, still alone growing up. The Christmases that she remembered were gone, and she was left
Rhodes let out a small chuckle. "Seen far too many things." He replied, not explaining. He turned back Steve, giving him a look. Being a trained soldier, there wasn't a readable expression on his face, and that was scary- a nightmare really. "So you're together, now?" he asked, nodding to them.
"No, just upset that I didn't get to see mini me. Think of all the ways I could have influenced young me," she replied.
Steve's hand weaves its way into Tony's. "No, you aren't," he protests, strongly. "You're so much more, Tony."
Just like that, he lost his Captain's cool. He turned back into that hot mess he was a few moments ago. "What do you mean you lost the trail?" Steve snapped, his hand shaking at his side. It took everything that he had not to flip this fucken table right now. Shit, what? Okay, he had to take few deep breaths. This could not be good for anyone. He was high-strung right now and he knew it, but he didn't realize how bad it was. He was ready to punch someone.
Peggy turned to her. "Shouldn't you be resting?" she asked, glancing Toni over. "You went through quite an ordeal."
She yelled at herself. She was Toni Stark for crying out loud, and she would be damned if she was inferior in anyway. She was awesome, and she refused to be anything less.
Are there bad guys in Rose Hills?" The boy paused as he stared at Toni. "Do you…do you need a plastic bag to breathe into? Do you have medication?" Harley could see her struggling as she used a brick wall for support.
he thought as Toni planted that image in his head. He couldn't help but think of it, and it brought out his desires that he had. Some may have been sexual, but he just wanted to be close to her. In the past, she had allowed him in and treated him no difference than anyone else. She had seen him at his smallest and didn't judge. She had seen him as a small weak man, who couldn't fight his way out of a wet paper bag, but she didn't treat him as such. She had seen him as a man no matter what he looked like.
So, Sharon was a SHIELD agent and Toni knew? It may have been a few hours since he learned the truth, but he was finally able to stop and think about it as he stepped walked through SHIELD's headquarters. It annoyed the hell out of him that she didn't tell him. He didn't need a babysitter… So why didn't Toni tell him? She had to know. They acted like they were friends.
Steve, with a look that could melt a state, glanced around, eyeing each inch of the area, looking for anything out of place. It was like he didn't believe it and expecting the assassin to attack. When he found nothing, he turned his full attention to Toni. His eyes softened as he looked upon her. A smile under the surface. "Toni," he called, as he closed the distance between them. "Are you okay?"
"…Again, your lack of a record is odd, and I went to Phillips many times, but he never gave me anything and told me I was reading too much into this," he said. "I thought you were fooling us, pulling the wool over our eyes, but as I got to know you, I knew that wasn't the case. Sure you're annoying and immature at times, but you're honest and caring."
"Then you'll never get home." Loki walked back to the cot and pick up Toni's journal. "Don't you want to escape the guilt?" He opened the book to a random page and looked down as if he was going to read it. "You can't get over the guilt that you have knowledge that can spare these mortal's lives." He waved his hand in the air, motioning to the people in the camp. "I'm not sure why you're so guilt ridden over these pathetic humans."
These voices annoyed the Asset as he wanted nothing more than to shot his brains out. He should tell Rumlow about these voices, but he knew what they would do. It was the most logical course of action. They would put him in the chair, which only brought pain. He didn't need that as he could still function. At the moment, his success rate was still 100 at the moment even with the mystery voices in his head. He could still function. The Soldier knew Rumlow found this behavior strange, even though his focus on the Senator.
"And we'll have the upper hand this time," Barnes added. He stepped away from Phillips and made his way toward Toni. "Besides, Toni has a mean right hook," he smiled as he put his hand on her shoulder and squeezed.
The room started to close in on her as Steve's grip tightened around her. Her panic started to grow as her nightmares replayed in her head. Sweat ran down her body as she yanked her leg away from Bruce, whose eyes widen at the sudden change in her. Before Steve's grip could tighten more, the genius ducked out from his arms. She pushed herself as far as she could from Steve, and before he or anyone else could stop her, she was on her feet, her unsteady feet.
But, he can't help it. His insecurities are far too big for him to overcome alone, and he knows he should tell them this, but he isn't good at talking about his emotions—Emotions are for the weak, damn it! His dear old dad had taught him that. Plus, he isn't sure what he's feeling, and he doubts Steve and James want to hear it anyways. So, the genius files them all way, never to see the light of day like Howard had taught him. His father's lessons are ingrained in him, and there's no doubt in his mind that there would be a fight to end all fights if he was alive to see his son like this. There's no doubt that he would feel like crap afterward. Like the nothing that he is, which is why he never did and never will say those three little words. It will destroy him.
The Asset's eyes shifted to the Rumlow, studying his face. He knew that face, knew it well. It was the fact of a killer, a face that the Asset wore often. This would be the Senator's last night, as he could be dead in the morning. Now, the Soldier didn't find this odd, but he did find it odd that Hydra sent three to kill the senator. It was illogical and not technical as it increased the risk. They just needed to send him as he could've done it quick and fast without the Senator even knowing he was there. The reason he could think of was that Hydra no longer considered him their best weapon, and he needed hand holding, but if that was the case, they should do away with him, since he was only a weapon after all. There was no need to keep him away if he was not functioning at 100%. Was he in error? Why didn't they believe him now? Had he failed his handlers in some way?
she thought sadly. She could tell them where he was, but she wouldn't. Instead, she was going to allow everyone to suffer just like she always did. It seemed like she would never change. Still Heartless.
Toni could feel the warm tears drip down her cheeks, as she took off. Instead of running away from assassin, she was running from Barnes, a ghost of man who Toni cared very deeply for. A man that had been a friend when she had none. With his overwhelming hatred, she didn't know how to cope. She didn't know if she could keep going with that his wrathful face haunting and hunting her. This was when she needed Steve to ground her, to keep her sane. At this point, the ghost was going to beat her and there was nothing she could do.
With a small laugh, Barnes shook his head instead of responding back to that. "Well are we going to stay and talk in this alley all day along or are we going?" he asked.
So this could've been avoided if he had said those three little words? If they had been honest with each other? "And I love you," Tony says, feeling like a complete fool. What was he so scared off? Why didn't his father see love for the gift that it is? "I love you," he repeats, feeling his chest tightens.
"Paper Fight!" Clint's laugher echoed across the room, breaking through Toni's brain freeze like a knife. "I can't believe he just did that," he chuckled as he was on the ground laughing. He was reaching for paper to ball up and throw.
He also didn't like the way that Fury was talking to Toni. It was uncalled for, and Steve was close to snapping at him. No one was allowed to talk to her like that, even if she brought it upon herself.
"I will walk with you." She had no interest in turning him down, because the attack was still fresh in her mind.
Steve stared at her for a few seconds, searching for something to say. "And you have to realize something as well. In order for this to work, you need to lean on me. I'm here for you. Use me, Toni. Use me."
Toni watched him leave before she turned to Barnes. She only stared at him for a second before she disappeared into the crowd as well. She had wanted to speak to Salty, but the sight of Barnes irritated her. He had betrayed her to Phillips, and she could not look pass that.
After putting the papers up, he stepped back to her. "How are you?" he asked. His voice was softer all of the sudden. "Are you in pain?" He stared at the cast before his eyes rested on her face.
His expression turned to worry. "Toni, how often do you have nightmares?" he asked, stepping to her. He placed a hand on her knee as he crouched down next to her. "You can tell me."
She knew it was coming, but it still hit her like a ton of bricks, or in reality, like a bus. It hit her like a six-ton bus. And for a few long seconds or what seemed like hours, time freeze as her brain couldn't process what he just said. She knew it was coming, but that did not prepare her.
Steve glared. "Either you're negative or perverted. I don't know which is worse." He walked pass his best friend and out into the living room. It took a few seconds for Steve to realize that Toni was missing. "Where did she go?" he asked shocked and worried. "She had nowhere to go." His heart started to beat fast at the thought of her alone in the snow. "She could die out there." When he had found her the first time, she was almost frozen to death. Her lips had been blue.
But that wasn't the point and she knew it. Now that her mind was clear, she needed to figure out where she was, and who had her. Could she be with those guys from before? She didn't think so, as they didn't seem like the type to stay in a cheap hotel. Sure, they looked like the government type, and the government wasn't one to spend the big bucks on hotel rooms, but there was no way that they were stay in a place like this. So where was she?
"Jesus!" She yelled. The genius would be lying if she said she didn't jump five feet into the air. If her heart wasn't already racing, it was now. Her heart was going to pop out of her chest. "Steve," she uttered, ignoring the look Sam was giving her. She tried to smile, but man, she was finding a hard time finding her breath. "Gotta warn me, buddy."
"When Howard wasn't at your side, he was messing with this device," he replied. "He believes the Tesseract will help you get to your time."
"You wouldn't understand, since you disliked Barnes," Toni snapped. "You should care about getting the bad guy. You know Schmidt! Not getting lucky. Stop using this situation for your own benefit!"
Toni watched the woman for a second before she turned to the boy. From the corner of her eyes, she could see Harley. With a smile on his face that Toni couldn't look past, he stared at her, focusing on her. It was a bit unnerving, but that was to be expected. She was Toni Stark, and she was a big deal. Anyone would be lucky to meet her…well if you asked Toni.
"Tones, come here," Rhodey calls, pulling on Tony's sleeve and tugging him along. "Sit with me and Natasha."
The man's eyes snapped open, ready for a fight. "You know!" he said, loudly. "I would-Oh, crap. It's Toni Stark."
I know. I know. I know. I'm horrible at updating. In my defense, I'm presenting you with a monster of a chapter, so I hope that makes it up for you. 13,500 words monster.
"Well Bruce is here." Toni said softly. She didn't want to lie to Steve, but she didn't want to tell him the true number. She wasn't sure what he would say if he knew the real number, but… she couldn't lie, not to him. She had promised herself that she could never lie to him; she may not tell him everything, but she wouldn't
She stared up into his eyes, trying to read his mind. It wasn't too difficult to see his worry, which didn't sit well with her. Was this what this relationship going to be? Them worrying about the other? She didn't want to be some child that he had to take care off. "Me sleep?" she asked, letting out a playful snort. "You know me."
"That's the past, Rogers, and the past should stay in the past. Plus, if I remember correctly, it was Peggy that you followed like a lost puppy, so why don't you go bug her?" she asked, coldly. "…Oh, wait. Too old for you now? Is that it? I don't know, but I don't have time for this. I have shit to figure out, and you aren't one of them. So why don't we go back to the way it was before I time traveled. You were less annoying."
She squeezed her phone tightly in her hand, knowing very well she wouldn't be able to call JARVIS with the creepy assassin next to her. "Maybe, you can tell me your name? Or where you got that metal arm? I would love to know," she said, putting on a fake smile. The smile could be because she wanted to throw the man off or the fact that she found Rollins' knife. It must've been on her lap when the Russian assassin threw her from the car.
Steve frowned. "It's the truth. Looked at what just happened between us. It shouldn't have happened."
Crap. Fucken crap. Getting back to his feet, he pulled out his own phone and dialed Nat. They had a serious problem.
Barnes followed her glance, eyeing the card on the table. "Why would anyone take a call from you? You only bring death. Genocide, and you enjoy it. You probably laughed and mocked Stevie as he cried over my death." He looked like an angry beast coming after his prey. With shocking speed, Barnes had the card in his hand. "Oh, this man doesn't know the torture that I am saving him from. The Lady of Death."
When Toni came upon Salty, he was alone, looking over something as he sat silently at his makeshift desk. "Hey, Salty," she called as she entered.
"Help," she yelled, as her body gave out. She fell hard against the ground again, and this time, she didn't try to get up. She was giving up, and she was okay with it for the first time in her life. She had given up before, but that was different. Now, she was done. She was done trying and she was okay with that.
Shaking her head, she turned her attention back to her device, which laid open calling to her. She reached for it, and just as she was about to reconnect the wire, she heard a thump outside. At first, she didn't think much of it as there could be a million reasons for it, but with the second thump, it had to be something. "Howard?" she called out, walking toward the entrance.
Feeling like she was going to collapse at any second, Toni slowly made her way to the mansion. Her track was sluggish, a battle to move one foot in front of the other. Her muscles twitched with every movement, protesting against her. However, she wasn't going to give up… not now. Not ever. Though, there was a nasty thought in the back of her head, doubting her resolved. Telling her to give up and it was hard to fight that.
"Doesn't matter. He needed to be taught a lesson," he answered, proud of himself. "No one should talk to a lady like that. And imagine what Steve would have done if he heard."
As he undid every buckle and snap as fast as he could, he wondered if the person who designed this suit had planned this. Was their purpose to keep him in the suit and away from Toni? It was feeling like that as he finally reached the last buckle. After the armor was loosen and unzipped, he was able to lift the top half over his head and throw it to the ground. Normally, he could fold or hang it up, but at the moment, he didn't care.
Steve's smile turned into a grin. "You think I would let you leave for Malibu without me?" he asked. "This is our first Christmas together. You think I'm letting you out of my sight?"
Toni had no issue in admitting her failures as she used them as learning tools, but she refused to admit it. "Never said I was, but I know I'm right up there!" He was starting to get on her last nerve with this small talk. Why couldn't he just leave her alone? She thought she was being mean enough. It usually worked with Future and Past Rogers.
So even if Toni wanted to slap him silly, it was probably a good thing that Fury was in charge of SHIELD. He was the organization, shielding the world, but this wasn't his SHIELD anymore. That created a whole new question: who SHIELD was it now? And what did it have to do with her? Were they going to kill her? Use her? Was she being kidnapped? Oh, Hells no. She was
"He did, and let me tell you, he gave me an earful. Wanting to know long I knew and what I was thinking sending his daughter behind enemy's lines. He was very protective and I thought he was going to hit me for a second, but that would have ended with him eating dirt," the Colonel said, putting on a smile. "However, I never agreed or denied that you were in fact his daughter, but nevertheless."
The woman- Dr. Helen Cho, he remembers suddenly—smiles, though she seems annoyed by his answer. "It seems like you're doing well, which's good especially after the trauma you faced. I, in fact, didn't expect you to wake so soon, but I'm glad. Barnes and Rogers are biting at my heels to get in here, and I can only deal with so much. Too much…" she pauses as if to think of a word "…urgh in the air," she says, waving her hand. "They're like animals trying to mark and guard their territory."
It had taken her quite a while to find him as Steve had gone to multiple recruitment centers under different names to enlist, and she didn't know which one he went to. When she finally found Steve, he was walking out of an army recruitment center. He was behind a few other men, who looked like they had been rejected as well. They looked tired and small as well, but compared to Steve, they were giants. Even with him right in front of her, it was hard to believe that there was someone as small as Steve in the world. How did he survive being that small? Even now, the other small men were making fun of him.
The weapon expert turned to Phillips, who staring at him with a smirk. "I've been with so many petty dames that it's hard to remember all of them," he joked back.
Then there was Bruce. Toni liked Bruce; he was quickly becoming one of her closest friends. She didn't know how she survived without him for so long as she could balance her crazy ideas off him. There was no judgement of any kind, and Toni liked that about him, but she still had no idea of what his goals or desires were. Did he want to stay? Was being here torture for him? Did he want to go? But most importantly, what did he want? Was he being forced into this? As she knew nothing about his desires, he was the wild card.
She hated the idea that she was weak and need someone to protect her. "Like I need help," she said, struggling against the female commander, whose name still escaped her. If Toni wasn't pissed or if she cared at all, she would ask for the woman's name, but that was a sign of respect. She did not respect this woman.
Kicking his under armor shirt to the side, Steve made his way to the other side of the bed, aware of the fact that Toni had shifted to keep watching him. He wasn't sure why she felt the need to keep him in her sights at all time, but he didn't mind it. He was just worried about her, worried what was running through her mind. What had she seen that had gotten her like this? What scared her so bad?
There was no doubt what Pierce wanted to talk/ask about, and Steve didn't have an answer for. He wasn't sure what and who the former Director was hiding from, but he knew he wanted to keep whatever was on that drive away from SHIELD. What the hell was going on here?
Toni should be used to pain after all the crap she had gone through, but nope. Like the whole world hated her, every part of her felt like it was on fire. Parts of her that she didn't even knew she had hurt. Places where she didn't think could hurt hurt. Even the places between her toes hurt, and that was saying something, but then again, it could all just be in her head. Though that could mean something horrible was wrong with her, she truly hoped it was in her head. She couldn't handle anything else at the moment.
"That's what this is about?" she asked, huffing out an annoyed laugh. "This is me, Rogers. I'm not mad. I just like to be by myself." She took a deep breath as she turned from him. "I just need space."
Steve took a deep breath as he closed his eyes. "I know." He kept his eyes closed for a few seconds before he glanced back down at her.
"This is true but it was only enough to get me here, but to get you home, you need to sweeten the deal."
"You had me worried." He was staring at her intently and fully. "I'm going to beat him for touching you," he snapped. "I would do-"
"Toni," Rogers called. She was at the door before he called her name. "Toni." Again, he had a special way of saying her name that drove her crazy. "Where are you going? What's going now?"
Growling, Barnes marches toward the group as anger grows on his face. "No," he barks, his voice ice cold. "We have every right to check on him. Every right!" His hands are balled at his side as he eyes the room.
For a second, Toni didn't want to tell him that she had spare clothes for him in her dresser. She wanted to watch him, to stare at him and his well-defined abs. Seriously, it should be illegal for him to look like that, because damn, the things she could…. Toni shook her head, because she wouldn't finish that thought. Not now. He had already gotten her to her, when he undressed her. She never thought she could be so damn turned on just by someone changing her wet clothes.
"I doubt Stark will put too much thought into it. There's a reason why Stark was out in the midnight, and it wasn't to look for a dead man," Pierce stared. "From what you described, it seems like the Iron Man can't sleep, which is what we can use." There was a smile on his face that anything but friendly. It was almost devilish as there was clearly a plan, forming in his head. "It's perfect."
Steve shook his head. "Maybe, she was borrowed from somewhere…another department," he said, trying to think of something. Toni had to come from somewhere… but she had lied to him before. Maybe, she was lying about that, but there was no way that she could've fooled Phillips.
"Not a hard choice. I'm tired of not waking up to you, and we need each other. Plus, I'm thinking about the Avengers. I like the idea of us being separated from SHIELD. We can do more good. Help more people."
Barton was looking between Rogers and Stark, eyeing the physical contact between the two. Even without the physical contact, it was clear to all that there had been a change between the two, and that picture of them kissing sealed it. "I don't know if I can handle those two together," he said, whispering to Banner in a chuckle.
"What are you? A crossroad demon?" There was something in his voice that told her that he wasn't being dramatic. "And you won't tell me what it is?" Toni asked, thinking about it. Maybe, she should.
The brief didn't last long…well for Toni anyhow, who snuck out of the room during the fighting. It was easy for the recently returned genius to do so. Granted, it was all because of Steve, who was angry…well beyond angry. She had never seen the Soldier act like this, and she had to say that it was a scary thing to watch. The Avengers had all been sitting originally, when Fury and Hill started to debrief Toni, and Steve had remained close to the genius, until the subject of Loki was brought up. Once Toni told them about Loki's deal to send her back, Steve was anything but calm, and no matter what anyone said, he refused to calm down.
Toni's eyebrow rose as she listened to the two old men. Did they just call her the 'Cap's girl?' She was in no way, shape or form Rogers' anything. Yes, they had a better understanding of each other, but if anyone was his girl, it was Peggy, who was his last kiss- that she knew. Besides, she didn't deserve to be his anything when she was the reason why he was trapped in this time. She was also the reason why he lost his best friend, even if no one blamed her. "Cap's girl, am I?"
"If she doesn't consider it a weapon, what does she consider it? I think Stark mention that if he isn't careful, it could seriously hurt him."
Barnes' hands ball at his side as Steve takes a shaky step forward. "W-what?" Rogers shutters. "You don't mean that."
He stepped forward, wanting to get closer to her. He wanted to feel her presence, but with the pour down rain, it was difficult to get close without her noticing, as his foot kept slipping in the mud, making it hard to get a footing. Thanks to the heavy rain, the ground was unstable, and it was getting worse with each passing second. He had to readjust himself every few seconds to avoid falling, but on the plus side, the rain had washed most of the blood off, leaving only a darken spec here or there on his wet uniform.
The Good Captain could feel the Craze Genius' wandering eyes on him. She watched him like a hawk as he walked to one of her dressers and pulled out a shirt and pair of shorts. She watched as he set the items on the bed before he disappeared into her private bathroom. It was the only time he didn't feel her eyes on him, and it didn't last as he stepped out of the bathroom with a first aid kit in his hands.
Toni didn't like that he knew that. He shouldn't know that. Barnes turned to her and brushed her hair out of her face. She didn't like that he thought that was acceptable.
She reached for the file in her back pocket and threw it on the table in front of him. "There you go. I'm done with it," she said. "And you were correct… but don't let it go to your head." Howard didn't make any movement toward the folded, bent up file.
If Toni wasn't so startled, she would have laughed at Barnes' question. She was annoyed that someone was able to sneak up on her. She was really losing her touch. "Why are you up at time?" she asked, making no motion to hide her stuff on the table. She could try, but she wasn't willing to risk damaging them in the attempt to hide them.
"You only say that because it's your name, but if you were named anything else, I doubt so," she said, making a face at him. With a deep breath, she scanned the area once more, her eyes glaring at anything out of the normal. She wasn't looking for Rogers—believing he was in Mexico by now with his speed-, but she wasn't sure what she was looking for. Was she looking for
Shaking her head, she crawled to the table that her device set on and sat at the base of the table curled up in a ball. With tears forming, she closed her eyes, and without warning, sleep was on top of her. A dream was close behind, and all she could do was hope it was a good one.
"Pepper," Bruce said with a deep sigh. "It isn't like that. We hadn't informed anyone of her return yet, because we're trying to give her some space. We don't all need to jump her at the same time."
Before you come after me with pitchforks, there was a reason why I didn't have Toni gave Steve an answer. I know it might sound like a Lifetime Movie or something, but it didn't feel right to have her say yes, or at least say yes right away. I feel like the Toni I created or even Canon Tony wouldn't jump into marriage, not saying she or he wouldn't be into marriage. It will just take her some time to get there.
"I don't worry too much," he snapped back. "Considering what had happened, I worry enough." He was clearly angry with her.
With a deep breath, she suppressed her shiver and got to her feet. Her eyes glanced toward a light military jacket for a second but decided against it. She was still overheating, and it didn't matter how cold it was in the halls of the London base. It seemed like she was burning in hell for her sins.
There was a long silence in the room as Bruce and Toni stared at each other. Steve could only look between the two as they silently communicate with each other with your eyes. Even if this wasn't the right time or place, Steve found his annoyance was coming back. Were this some kind of flirting game? Why was she staring at him like that?
She turned from him, staring down at her hands. "I hated you for that," she said, after a few deep breaths. "I hated you for being so damn perfect, and I hated that my father cared more for your legacy then his own daughter. When I was a child, it was all about the great Captain America, and I hated that. I hated you. I hated that I couldn't get my father's attention like a dead icon could. For that, I wanted to tear you down just to do it. I wanted to anger you, to bring you down to my level. I wanted you to feel what I felt."
Steve turned and watched the nurse called Nancy as she was filing some paper. She glanced up and their eyes met, bringing a blush to his face. She smiled, finding him attractive, as he found her attractive. She was pretty, but she wasn't Toni pretty, who could look pretty in anything. He loved the way Toni looked when she wore a baggy engineering jumper covered in oil with her hair in a messy bun. He loved how happy she got when she was working on something. Nancy's smile couldn't compete with hers. No one's could.
"I believe Toni's in the past and Thor has some sort of idea of portals," Bruce answered, as he walked back to the workbench. Running his hand through his hair, he took a deep breath. "That's how he travels home, and I believe time travel works in the same."
Toni let out a huff of annoyance as she turned toward Peggy, who was giving her a look. She hated that look she received from Peggy whenever she did something wrong. "Can I help you?" Toni asked, annoyed at Peggy had interrupted them. Toni wasn't sure what she had interrupted, but it was still frustrating. Toni took a deep breath.
He was angry and Toni could tell. Again, it was cute to see how he reacted over a total stranger. "Well, I didn't want to stay there, and I'm stubborn."
Steve glanced down at himself; Pepper was correct. He was a mess inside and out, and he needed to rest. "When do you head out?"
Shaking his head, he stepped out of the bathroom and crossed to the dresser to find some clothes. Not caring if anything matched, he selected a random gray t-shirt with some logo on it and a pair of black sweatpants. The shirt was slightly too small and the logo was stretched across his chest, while the sweatpants were loose, hanging at his waist. Most of the clothes in this rooms weren't his as it was Toni who had stocked the room with everything that she thought he would need if he were ever to stay. He had expected the clothes to be the wrong size since Toni didn't know his size, but it was never an issue before as he never expected to wear them. He never expected to be here this long.
