She rubbed her thumb against the back of his hand. "Aye. Maybe ye can teach a yoga class in town or somethin'?"
Sam pursed his lips silently. “When I was little,” Sam began, “Dad would leave for weeks at a time. You know that. I know you know that. And when he would leave, he’d make sure the last thing he said to us would be something like, ‘There’s a good diner down the street’ or ‘Take care of each other’. Never goodbye. And that’s how we knew he would always come back. Because, in a kid’s mind, you can’t really be leaving if you don’t say goodbye.”
is dangerous, as I'm sure your eyes can attest to!" She huffed. "But more than that. You need to stop making other people's decisions for them. They want to be here? Let them be here. They want to help?
Cas hid his smile, brushing off his tuxedo. “I could say the same of you.” He looked at his shined shoes for a moment. “I am… sorry that I am not Jimmy, but—”
“Jack is wonderful. He looks at everything wide-eyed, and he never seems to stop learning. His heart is huge. I’ve never met someone who cared so deeply for everything… I learn from him every day. Claire is a spitfire, but she’s calmed down in her adult years. She’s hard on the outside, but as sweet as can be on the inside. She’s not afraid to fight for what she believes in, and I’ll always admire that about her. Maggie is older than she seems. She’s been through so much, and sometimes I feel like she’s the only one who understands what I’m going through. She’s quiet, but don’t mistake that for disinterest. She’s always watching people, picking out their emotions. She’s loving and kind, when the world should have made her hard.”
deep inside you. You'll feel something missing from your life and have no way to find it." Michael opened his hand and dropped the shell, and Dean was quick to catch it. He cradled it in his hands, examining blue swirls with the madness of a desperate man.
Dean's eyes searched the darkness. "So I'm waiting to ask how long we've been here, and if I wait long enough, then…" Dean gulped. "Oh."
“Yes, but… It’s complicated, okay? I don’t even know how many times we’ve talked before this. It’s so jumpy and confusing. We’re making all
There was this girl in my class, right? Her name was Isabelle. We used to study in the library together sometimes. Ya know, looking back I think she was just copying my notes but, for a kid and a pretty girl, it was amazing to me.
The truth is, a lot of times I let Dad get to me. And I thought that I was worthless, and that nothing I did was any good. But then I'd see Sam. I raised him, ya know? You do know that. I know you do. I'd see Sam, and I'd know I did at least one thing right.
She looked up when he entered the room and blew her hair out of her eyes. “I could help with the other stuff, ya know.”
Sam stood up much too quickly, grabbing onto the table to quell the dizziness. “Well then. Let’s move on to phase two.”
Jack turned around to face him, stopping in his tracks to see Gabriel sitting cross-legged at his feet.
Don’t you see?” She laughed. “That’s still in there. In this noggin of yours.” She pulled his forehead against hers.
“ANYWAYS. You made a good point, with Heaven and the borders being open and you being able to be on Earth even after you die.”
Michael’s face was stone. “We are building here a place of reason and debate, not violence. The War is over, Naomi. Stand down.”
There was a loud clunking noise, and both looked up to see Castiel trying to stack objects back onto a nearby shelf.
"Life can suck," Claire announced with no preamble. "We both know that. It can be horrible with no rhyme or reason. And I thought it would always be that way. And then I found you." Claire touched Maggie's cheek gently. "You, who went through so much shit, and still came out soft and kind. You, with your tangly hair and snorting laugh and loving arms and freckled stomach. You understand me on a level no one else ever has. I will be always at your side, if you'll have me. I'll take on the world so you don't have to anymore. I'll even wake up early to make you breakfast, but
This. It was all of this that Jack couldn’t justify in his mind. Dean never had a choice. But Castiel…
Gabriel thought about it, before finally saying, "Charles is probably your best bet. Last I saw her she was playing some video game in the theater room."
Dean stared at the pictures more before sighing, breath wavering. “Cas and I will be headed out tonight.”
We found an old kite somewhere, and we tied the strings between trees as little makeshift goals. Sometimes other kids would play with us, but it was mostly just me and him.
Jody rubbed the bridge of her nose and held the door open wider, letting her in. "Sam's told us about you."
I didn’t know what happened. I hoped maybe you had stopped him in time, that maybe the reason you weren’t calling was because you had an emotional car ride back.
“We are both going in, and you are being uncooperative,” Castiel said plainly, undoing a few more buttons. If he noticed a subtle shift towards
Gabriel yawned and plodded down the hall, aiming for a late-night snack. He was just about to turn into the main room when he saw light spilling out from under Sam’s door.
It was obvious in the harshness of his hands as they traveled to thighs, pulling them up and wrapping them around him.
Castiel gazed at him through the water. "It was a painted bunting. They don't look like much until their second year, and then they become colorful enough to rival the most splendid of animals."
"Ye could say that." Rowena looked at the large rock and frowned. "How much farther did Samuel say it was, again?"
It took a long time for them to calm down enough to extract themselves, to wipe their faces and take the other in.
“Fuckin’ hell, kid. You shouldn’t be doing this.” Gabriel tossed another baseball, faster this time. “I’m playing therapist and I just came back from the dead.”
A grin slowly formed on Gabe’s face, and he bit his tongue to remain neutral. “Make it two and you’ve got yourself a deal.”
The scene before him was a bloodbath, and the black haze of his eyes had cleared just long enough for him to count, to memorize, to feel his stomach turn. Humans. Innocent people, all mangled and piled and dead and
Cas wriggled out of his arms. “Call your brother first. Then perhaps we can try it the other way around.”
Gabriel put a hand over his own mouth to quiet his laughter. "Oh gosh, you're gonna hate yourself in the morning." He materialized a new cosmo, raising it high. "To the new Winchesters!"
"And our relationship was of a very personal nature! I logically assumed that I was allowed to share this 'personal space' with you," Castiel snarked back, air quoting against Dean's cheeks.
I would see his eyes, desperate for my return, and wish I could shake off my mantle as angel of God. That I could step out of my vessel and stand before him, that I could be human.
"You could end this all, you know," Michael whispered, letting Dean's lips press against Castiel's ear. "He's just a human. Two hands around a throat is all it would take. He's so
“Dean,” Castiel breathed. He watched as Dean led her cautiously up the aisle, making sure not to trip on her long purple dress. He led her to the arch, finally looking up to see Castiel.
Dean grit his teeth, every muscle within him rising to the challenge. “Where the fuck is this coming from?”
"I'm done underestimating you humans. Your brother says he's going to get you out — well. I believe him. I am getting out as well, and the only thing
“You know,” Castiel began, hand slipping into Dean’s hair, “I rather miss your cassette collection.”
Raphael stood up and held out her hands, and all chatter ceased. “Brothers,” she said. “Much has changed. God is gone, and based on the testimonies of Castiel and Gabriel, he is never coming back. It is up to us to figure this all out, and we are wasting time. This is new, and there are bound to be mistakes. It is how we deal with these that will define us.” She looked around, power emanating from her eyes. “All those adamantly opposed to opening the borders, raise your hand.”
“It’s iron! So you can punch ghosts in the face.” Dean mimed a punch in the air before holding the ring out to Cas. “I’ve got one, too.”
“They make me happy. They remind me that not everything is the past. That there’s good in the future, too.”
Dean could not see in the darkness, and he was tired enough that his emotions played across his face. Cas wondered if he knew how he looked, eyes almost closed, eyelashes fluttering, lips parted, cheeks flushed. A thumb pressed at the corner of Castiel's mouth, and he took a shuddering breath.
Dean let out a breath and laid his heated head on the cool table, willing away the cold knife that felt lodged in his heart. That wasn't how he wanted it to go. That wasn't how he wanted to lose Sam.
“Can I tell you a secret, then?” Dean tried, mostly unaware of his own mouth moving. His heart was beating too loud in his ears to hear himself, let alone however Castiel responded. “I was in love with you.”
"To return to your original question, Tithonus wasting away sparked within me two great fears: that, one day, I would cease loving him entirely, and a second, new fear: that I never would."
Castiel’s fists were tight in Dean’s shirt, and his chest was heaving with desperation before the switch flipped and he pulled Dean back the way they had come. “I have a hotel room,” Cas said very seriously.
"God left us," Gabe mumbled in agreement. "I guess both of you combined, actively trying to reach across universes just sort of… glitched you into the Matrix."
Castiel memorized his face once more, though it was haggard and worn. "Because it was all that I could do."
Dean smiled, shoving Cas playfully before settling back down. "Not gonna say I don't wanna bone you, Cas, because I do. But it's… not as big a deal as it once was, I guess. And I'm sure I'll be tempted to make it super gross in here sometimes but… do you know how
Their connection was still strong. He could feel that Dean wasn't in any trouble. In fact, Dean felt more relaxed than he ever had been on his own before.
"And I wouldn't have to juggle so many social interactions. And the plan wouldn't be so damned complicated."
Sam looked around a bit before standing up and holding out his hand to her. "How about we go for a swim instead?"
Castiel shrugged, pulling Dean's hands back to him. "When I was human for that short while, I was overwhelmed by all of the things you have to deal with. There was so much information that it became basically static. It gave me a much greater appreciation for all that humans deal with."
Dean scoured his brain for a way out. "Are you… Are you serious? Let me castle, no way you're gonna win."
"No. Don't. Don't 'Cas' me. When there are people around, this?" Castiel pushed his palm roughly against Dean's stubble, nails scraping back down. "This isn't okay. But it's okay if no one is around to see? Tell me you're not ashamed of me."
Sam and Gabriel fronted most of the weight of the damned thing, carrying it through sand. Sam tried not to think about how it must have sunk like a stone.
Dean ran his hands along Castiel’s bare chest, feeling every inch he could, memorizing him. “We’ve been together for a thousand years. I forgot you for a thousand. And you’re still here.”
They walk me to the park just down the street where I agreed to meet Isabelle. And we’re waiting and waiting, and Dean and Mark are swinging on the swings a bit, and like, thirty minutes go by. Then an hour.
Maybe he could've listened, offered a rebuttal. But Dean had never believed himself worthy of Castiel, and had prepared himself so thoroughly for this day that it felt more like a memory than reality.
Maggie settled herself beside Claire. “Yeah, gosh. It’s been so long, I can’t even imagine living without Sam or Charlie or Jack. Even Gabe and Rowena have become staples.”
Shaking his head, Dean said, “I think that was one of the hardest parts. Hearing you say those words. Of all the members of Cas’s family, you were the only one I expected to treat him with a modicum of decency. I had warned Cas about what to expect when he told you asshats, but he had faith in all of you. I wish I had been wrong.”
“Cas, I don’t want to ever lose you again. I can’t breathe without you.” The angel ran his hands through Dean’s hair. “I mean it Cas. As long as you are in my life, I will take whatever relationship you are willing to give me.”
“No, Dean.  She didn’t meet your dad until later.  Meg has no knowledge of who your biological father is.”
Staring at her, taking in the bags under her eyes, Dean asked, “Why do you look so tired?  You went to bed before the rest of us.”
“All right, thanks, Riley.  Charlie and I are on our way in.  Assemble your group and Maggie’s group.  Leave everyone else out for now.  They need a break.”
“It can wait until I can come inside you.” Dean’s spent cock twitched at Cas’s words. “I am always amazed by this ability of yours,” Cas said as he ran a finger around the head of Dean’s cock.
When he awoke in the hospital, he could hear quiet sobs. He turned his head seeking the source. When his eyes landed on red-hair, he called out to Charlie.
There weren’t any good options.  Avoiding the topic, now that Cas brought it up, would only make him angry.  With that thought in mind, Dean steeled himself for the inevitable conversation, dropping his left hand to his knee and squeezing hard.  “Cas -”
When they stopped in the main office, he said, “Bobby, you didn’t tell me you were also a center for rescued animals.”
“Not exactly, but it’s some kind of soul eater.  Rufus dealt with something like it before, so he’s the best one to deal with it anyway.  And the Barrett’s took to Riley right away.  They know they’re in good hands, so I’m coming home.”
Dean had no inkling of how he could still think with Cas’s fingers rubbing over his prostate, but he managed to say, “Cocky bastard.”  That was the last clear thought in his head, and the last intelligible words he said.  As Cas removed his fingers, the blunt head of his cock rubbed against his crack.  The heat and pressure were overwhelming as Cas entered him.  There was a hint of pain until his body gave into the intrusion, opening and welcoming the rest of Cas’s hard length.  Dean’s cock leaked and hardened between them when Cas bottomed out.
“How can you ask this of me? We are barely speaking. Just a few weeks ago I couldn’t be in the house with you.”
Cas’s heart pounded rapidly, and the blood drained from his face.  His breathing grew ragged.  Dean’s eyes flew to the machine and his face looked panic-stricken.  “Shit, Cas, calm down.”
Whatever Dean was going to say next was swallowed by a deep grown when Cas took him into his mouth, licking over the weeping head.  The taste was bitter, but welcome because it was all Dean.  Wasting no time, Cas pulled Dean in until his cock met the back of his throat.  He felt Dean’s balls draw up and knew he was close.  With one arm draped over Dean’s hips, he held him down.  He took complete control of Dean’s pleasure.  Bobbing his head up and down, stopping only to lick a stripe up the length of Dean’s cock.  At the same moment, he ran a hand up Dean’s thigh.  And when he took him back into his mouth, he traced the crack of Dean’s ass with his fingers.  “Breathe, Dean,” he said as he let him go once more.  It took Dean a second, but then he took a deep, shaky breath.  “Good,” Cas complimented as he pressed his finger against Dean’s hole.
Charlie smiled and said, “I’m happy for you.  Just don’t talk yourself out of this.  Listen to him and believe him.  You two belong together and that’s not coming only from me.  Bobby won’t shut up about it.  And when Rufus and Sam got here-”
“You suck the fun out of everything.” Crowley flashed a wicked smile before frowning. “Fine. I have been hearing some chatter about angels and your name has come up a few times.”
Sitting in his car, he pondered his decision to leave.  As he drove, he continued to wonder about it.  His thoughts pushed him to drive on and on.  When he eventually stopped, he was nearly an hour away from his home.  An hour away from Dean.  The distance did nothing for him.  The loneliness of the hotel room did even less.  A burning hot shower left him drained.  He hoped it would be enough for him to sleep.  Hope had not served him well over the last days, and it did not serve him well as he lay staring at the ceiling.  Running through the events, for God knows how many times, he came to the same conclusion.  They had made the right decision.  Despite the lack of results in Michigan, they had succeeded in forming a cohesive unit.  And the other case required long hours of travel.  Leaving it to experienced hunters in the vicinity gave the best shot at stopping the witch and the monster she was controlling before another person was killed.  Victor and Bobby made their decision based on the correct parameters, and Cas had agreed.  They were not alone in their assessment.  Ellen had obviously concurred since she had picked out the hunters herself.  Dean was the lone dissenter.
Stepping back toward the couch, Dean stood between Cas’s knees. “They are the green pair with the lace. And I wore them because I don’t like seeing you so tense.” He crawled into Cas’s lap. “After your family moved away, your body language changed. You had always carried yourself like a soldier waiting for the next battle when you went anywhere. Stores, restaurants, theaters. It was as if you were arming yourself in case you ran into them. But after they were gone, the soldier and his armor were gone.” Dean stopped speaking for several seconds as he ran his hand through Cas’s hair. With a quick press of lips, he continued, “And now that Hannah is back, so is the soldier. It’s subtle and hardly anyone would notice, but I see it and I’m sure our mothers do too. It explains their visit. I don’t want you to have to arm yourself again, Cas, so I thought I could help reduce your tension.”
Sam shook his head.  “No, Cas.  I get why you wanted to wait.  Obviously, I wish Dean had been able to tell me under better circumstances.”
“Why not?” whined Charlie, and it didn’t stop there.  She badgered him in the elevator and in the car.  She finally dropped the topic when they got to the office.
“We are not talking about this. All I came to ask Sam was when you're coming home and you ambushed me with this shit again. Enough of this. I am done. With these interrogations. With him.”
. Neither Dean nor Cas commented this time when Dean pressed play. They lost themselves in the show for a couple of episodes. Before the third episode started, Cas grabbed the remote and turned it off. “We talked about Sam’s graduation party but not his gift.”
As he watched the women go, Sam tried to think of his next steps. He wanted to help destroy the evidence, but he felt there was a more pressing issue. His exhausted mind refused to cooperate until Charlie said, “We need to haul some of this stuff with us. I think we should bring up the cars.” The mention of cars was the trigger. There was no way Cas would make it to where the cars were parked. He needed to go get the Impala, but Dean had the keys. Knowing he should not disturb him, he decided he would beg for forgiveness later. With a quick explanation to Charlie, Sam took off, headed for the Impala. Once there, he tensed at the prospect before him. It would not be the first time the car was hot-wired, so he did not understand his hesitance.
Several hours after Darla left Sam found Castiel alone amongst the bee hives. The angel was looking skyward with a peaceful expression on his face. The sun lit up the sharp angle of his jaw and highlighted his cheekbones. There was an ethereal quality to the picture before the hunter. The angelic nature of the man exuded from every sinew and radiated from the strength of his stance. The dichotomy between his facial expression and the hard line of his body stood out like a beacon. The representation of an angel filled with humanity. Sensing the presence of the hunter, Cas lowered his head and gazed into Sam’s hazel eyes. “Hello Sam.”
“All right,” said Cas with a nod.  “I was thinking about the inn and how it’s sitting there empty most of the time.  It’s big and secluded.”
The green-eyed man shook his head. “Nothin’.” He was saved by the arrival of Claire, arms filled with a stack of clothes. “Went through your bag and found you some clean clothes.
“Cas,” Charlie said, lightly shaking his shoulders, “Don’t do that.  Don’t question every interaction you had with him.  None of this is on you.  You trusted a friend.  If you blame yourself, you have to blame me too, since I listened to you and stopped looking into Dean.”
“No, brother. You do not get to run from me. I took your abuse, your torture and now you will face the consequences of your actions. You dared to use my love for the righteous man against me, against him. For that alone, you deserve death.”
Stepping out of the elevator Dean trudged slowly, entering their room last. “Well, we’re in the room. So, talk,” he said as the door clicked shut behind him.
“Several people made it out unscathed. Others were injured, and as I told you earlier some people were killed. We still don’t have an accurate number for any of them.”
Laughter filled the room, settling Dean’s nerves and helping him relax back into his chair. He let his mind wander while Meg discussed a few other nuts and bolts, figuring Sam or Charlie could fill him in later. His thoughts were filled with images of Cas, running through the years they had shared. A young Cas on his motorcycle free and intriguing. Even though he didn't recognize his attraction to the man until recently, he had always been mesmerized by Cas. By the life he led, by his vast interests, by his dedication to Mary, by his steadfast heart and calming presence. Cas was strength and safety, and Dean realized he had always had faith in him, and that faith had only grown over the years. Love had joined that faith from nearly the beginning. Love of family, friend, and confidante, and now the love of a partner. A love Dean planned to keep for a lifetime. That thought shifted the images in his mind to ones of the future. Their future. Cas accepting his proposal, their wedding day, welcoming their first child into the world, and on and on. Dean thought he should feel apprehension, but it never came. All he felt was how right every image and every step on that path was and how his heart fluttered at the thought of a life with Cas. That flutter remained even as they said their goodbyes to Meg and went in search of food. It remained as they waited for Cas’s arrival, and it grew exponentially when he saw Cas’s messy dark head of hair and shining blue eyes again.
“Okay, you are way too well-spoken. I’m clearly failing in my job to turn you into a whimpering mess.” Cas spread his legs and stared at Dean, beckoning him to continue. “Fuck, that’s sexy,” said Dean as he surged forward. After kissing Cas breathless, he kissed down his body, nipping at his hip bones and his inner thighs. Spreading Cas’s knees wider, he sucked one of Cas’s balls into his mouth and then the other. Cas was shifting and rocking at the sensation. Dean pressed his finger against Cas’s hole, feeling it tense and then loosen.
He heard the typical Rowena sigh.  The one she gave to show her irritation right before she agreed to help.  The sound made Dean smile for the first time since the incident.  “Send me the coordinates for the farmhouse and where you found the phone.  I may have a solution for his warding.  Give me a few hours.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “It wasn’t that bad Dean. Besides, we have the locations we just need to figure out how to search them.”
As they sat around the table, Crowley filled them in on his search. “There was no warding of any kind at any of the base’s installations. We searched some of the more remote buildings but found no sign of him. As far as I’m concerned, he is not there.”
“Damn right it is,” said Dean, puffing his chest out.  It was that motion which drew Cas’s eyes to the recently stitched wound on Dean’s chest just to the left of the tattoo Cas always forgot to ask Dean about.  Dean chuckled, “Didn’t know you were into tattoos?”
Dean lifted Cas chin and stared at him.  “Tell me about it.  Anything and everything.”  When Cas stayed silent, Dean said, “Please, Cas.  I want to help.”
It wasn’t long before Cas and Lily met Will and Dean by the front door, and they walked across the lawn to the main house.  Two figures were standing just outside the large glass doors.  Their expressions were eager and welcoming.  Lily broke away from the group and ran forward, speaking before she reached them.  “Cas says I get to call you Grandma and Grandpa.”
“You caught that did you? Fine. I am worried about you. About your lack of progress. Although you speaking sentences helps ease some of that worry. It’s hard to see you this weak and unable to heal.” His eyes darkened, and hints of anger crossed them. “Why aren’t you healing? Why won’t they come help you?”
Dean took a deep breath as he closed his eyes and tipped his head back.  After a sharp exhale, he said, “I came to realize something since I met you and it’s not a bad thing.  It’s actually pretty amazing and these last few months have only proven how not a bad thing it is.”
The safety of Dean’s arms, his reassurances, broke the dam inside Cas, and he sobbed until his body was wrung dry and his throat burned.  A soothing hand ran through his hair and lips pressed faint kisses onto his forehead and temple.  Tipping his head back, Cas looked up at his friend.  Worry was etched on Dean’s face, and his eyes conveyed empathy and tenderness.  “I killed him.”
“Really, because I don’t. This is Cas. I shouldn’t be afraid, not with him of all people. He knows more about me than…”
“And you’re still dressed,” said Dean in frustration.  “Get your damn clothes off and get the fucking lube.  I don’t want to come until your cock is in me.”
The blue-eyed man reached around his boyfriend and cupped Dean’s throbbing cock with his long fingers. Gripping and rubbing Dean through the sopping wet panties. “You’re so wet for me.”
“Hey, calm down.  It all worked out.  Your dad rushed in and immediately took care of it.  The hospital has a clear policy on the issue.  Those staff members had no right to treat Dean that way, authorization papers or not.”
While they waited Dean kept the ghost at bay, protecting Cas with his body and a shotgun filled with salt rounds.  Cas had tried to help, swinging the iron bar he held in his hand, but his damaged shoulder and dizziness hindered his accuracy.  When the ghost had finally flamed out, Cas slid down the wall and Dean collapsed next to him, cupping his face in his hands.  He had obsessively checked Cas over for injuries and treated him like glass until he had treated his wounds.  The second they had laid down in bed together, Dean had rolled into Cas and clung to him.  From there it had been a mad rush of shedding clothes, almost brutal kisses, and Dean rutting against Cas until he came forcefully.  The kisses eventually turned tender before Dean dropped off to sleep.  Cas had stayed awake and watched Dean sleep.  The furrow in his brow had disappeared sometime during their frenzy and a look of peace had settled over his face.  That night Cas saw their future.  He intrinsically understood that would not be the last time Dean reacted that way.  Each subsequent hunt proved the truth of his assessment.  It didn’t seem to matter if either of them was hurt or not.  Dean needed reassurance, and touch was what provided it.
They laid side by side trying to catch their breath, but then Cas stood and made his way to the bathroom.  “Be right back,” he said gruffly.  “Going to get something to clean you up.”
Dean threw his head back and laughed as he put his arm across Cas’s shoulders. “Don’t ever change, Cas.” The older man gave Dean a shy smile. The blush on Dean’s cheeks when he returned the smile made Sam slip further into the woods. The thought of jumping out and scaring them no longer felt right. The moment seemed delicate and deserving of privacy. He loped through the woods coming out near the end of the trail. He sat on a rock and waited for them to join him. It wasn’t a long wait and whatever had transpired between the two men was buried under their typical needling and joking by the time they reached Sam.
“I told you I don’t know. I called everyone and when they didn’t know anything I drove around. Next thing I knew I was driving down this street.”
Letting go of Cas’ hand, Claire walked a few paces ahead.  She turned to face him.  “It’s ironic you know.  Both of you are cut from the same cloth.  Dean is a protector.  He was practically born to it.  What with having to raise Sam.  And you a bonafide guardian angel.  Now you both want to be that for the other.”
he thought.  He loved nature in way Dean never truly understood until this moment.  There was beauty and serenity in this little slice of the world.  Problems and worries washed away.  No wonder Cas, a being created as an unbending soldier of heaven, would be awed by the evolution of nature.
They sat in silence for several minutes. Both staring across the large yard. Taking in the beauty of their surroundings. The serenity of the space. It represented the antithesis of most of their lives since Castiel came to earth. Soaking in the heat of the sun, Cas found the strength to tell his friend the true nature of his despair. “Sam, I believe I am unworthy of your love. Of anyone’s love. And before you protest let me explain further. There is little value in an angel who does not serve a greater cause. For me, my cause shifted from heaven to humanity. Protecting you and Dean became my mission. Carrying out what you deemed necessary when it was within my power. My value was always subservient to you and your brother. Each time I failed in my mission, I became less significant. I tried to stand. Tried to continue the mission at all costs. That day in the car, I put myself before what I held most dear. His safety. And by doing so I tore asunder that which I would give my life to protect. In the process, I destroyed your relationship with your brother. I broke my bond with the one I love. I took away Charlie’s big brother. Even with all the destruction, I still selfishly want him. In any capacity I can have him. Isn’t that ridiculous?”
When he nipped at the tender flesh, Dean began to beg.  “Please, please, Cas, please.”  The last word turned into a deep moan before he said, “I need you.  And take your damn clothes off.”
“That was convenient timing,” said Madilyn, “We can finish this all at once.  As I was telling Cas, Jacob and I will be paying for the renovations.  Period.  End of story.”
Both Charlie and Sam inhaled sharply. “So, you were right, you have a soul,” said Charlie in a reverent voice.
After the last of the speeches, which somehow ended up including one from Dean, and a round of thanks, Cas tucked himself into a dark corner, needing a moment away from the attention.   The quiet space also allowed him the opportunity to observe Dean freely.  He watched him interact with the children, the full Winchester charm on display.  But it was when he sat down next to Rima, giving her his full attention that Cas knew.  Words slipped out unbidden.  “I’m going to marry that man.”
“Well shit.  I guess with all the changes around here I completely forgot.”  Dean turned to face Cas.  Their eyes locked together like so many times before.  Claire stepped away without a word as Cas reached out for Dean.  The hunter sighed into the kiss.  He mumbled, “Five years, Sunshine.”  Cas smiled into the next kiss before standing.  He lifted Dean off the couch and carried him to their bedroom.  “What do you want to do to celebrate?” Dean asked as he rested his head on the angel’s shoulder.
Luckily, they had remembered to clean themselves up and dress before succumbing to sleep because two rambunctious kids burst in their room as the sun streamed in the window. Beth crawled between the two men while Alex laid down next to Cas. “Will you make chocolate chip pancakes?” asked Beth as she stared at Dean.
Cas turned to Dean and smiled. “I’m fine. It wasn’t meant to be a secret. They would all know soon enough anyway.”
“Wow!” The force of the word drew both Dean and Cas to raise their heads. They simultaneously looked over and found of sea of red faces. “Um…so I guess the whole eye-fucking thing is back.”
As if he had conjured him, the aforementioned younger brother bounded into the house. He stopped dead in his tracks when his eyes fell on where Dean’s arm was wrapped around Carmen. “Oh, hey, Carmen.”
It was a gift, Cas had realized not long after their first weekend together, to be the one selected for such a role.  A gift Dean freely gave him, and one which Cas treasured above all others.  It was why his lack of arousal bothered him, ate at him.  It was never about the physical issue.  It was always about Dean and the missing dynamic in their relationship.  And as he looked at Dean, his entire body begging for Cas to take charge and lead him, Cas felt the plates shift and the continents come back into alignment.  Without thought, he gripped Dean by the back of his thighs, lifting him into his arms and carrying him to the bedroom.
“Fuck, I didn’t even hear it.” Dean groused as he made his way out of the bed and grabbed a change of clothes. “Give me fifteen and I’ll be ready.” As promised, he was ready in fifteen minutes. They arrived just in time for breakfast. Afterward, Linda showed them around the area, and then they drove to Stanford. Sam had toured the campus with Linda and Kevin, but it was the first time Cas and Dean had seen the school.
Sam entered the room and almost spilled his coffee as he heard the gruff voice from the bed. “You’re awake.”
It took great effort to get Dean out of the bed the next day. Cas chuckled at his fumbling and groaning. “You act like you’re an old man already. Come on. We're already running late. Everyone will be at the house by now.”
“I didn’t want to get your hopes up.  We hand no concrete proof.  What if we were wrong?  I’m sorry Cas.  Sorry Dean.”
Cas shook his head.  “It was more than implied.  Mary was pregnant when her family found her and brought her back home.  She made a deal with Crowley to make sure she wasn’t caught the second time.”
“I hug them or pick them up, depending on the situation.  Would you just explain what you’re getting at?”
The boyish grin he received in return made him squirm, even as he chuckled.  “Dean, if you don’t put some clothes on now, I will put you on that bed and finish what I started.”
“As much as I like hearing you talk nice about Baby, staying in the car is not an option.  You are still in pain and recovering.  You need to sleep in a real bed.”
Before he even finished the sentence, Cas engulfed him with his arms, lifting him from the floor. Dean wrapped his legs around the firefighter and moaned deeply. “You like that?” asked Cas.
“Not how I would describe myself since…”  Cas’s voice faded and Sam lost the thread of their conversation as whispered words passed between Dean and Cas.  Sam decided it was time to give them some privacy and climbed the stairs.  Emerging from his bedroom a half hour later, he bounded down the stairs.  The living room and kitchen were empty, but he caught movement in the backyard.  The sight of his brother completely wrapped up in Cas’s arms was not new these days, but it was always special.  He wondered if he would ever find a love like theirs.  Shaking himself out of his daydreams, he opened the backdoor and stepped out to join them.  “Hello, Sam.”
“About that…Victor told us of your intent, but Cas, I cannot be here for day to day operations.  It will raise too many questions.  It already is.  Which means-”
Dean stepped back, even as he held onto Cas.  He walked them over to the bed and sat down, gesturing for Cas to join him.  Once they were both settled, Dean sighed heavily.  “I don’t know if I can handle you being a hunter.  It’s bloody and dangerous and the thought of you…it scares the shit out of me.”
Cas shook his head for the fifth time during the discussion turned argument. “Absolutely not. I have enough drugs in me already. I understand I’ll need to be restrained, and I understand it will be a long flight.”
The banter continued for the next hour and a half as they made their way toward the coordinates Sam had sent. As soon as Gabriel sensed warding, they pulled the car onto a small side road. Meg, Crowley, and Gabriel disappeared before Pamela and Dean opened their car doors. Shaking their heads, the two humans stepped out of the car and laid out a map on the hood. Marking their current location, they charted the distance to the coordinates. They were still over a mile away. If the data was correct, the warding covered a massive area. “What do you think?” asked Dean.
Fortunately, Benjamin was deemed stable, despite his slight fever. He only stayed in the hospital two nights and only so they could monitor the fever and his breathing. There was no exact reason for the episode other than the fact he was a preemie and these things sometimes happen. Even though they were back home in such a short time, it brought back the memories of those first weeks in the hospital. Rhonda had been kept alive until they could deliver the baby. The odds were stacked so high against him they were told to prepare for the worst. The entire first week was filled with mostly negative news. His lungs are too weak. His heart isn’t beating properly. It was horrifying to see him hooked up to all the machines. His body looked too thin, too pale and just too plain small to survive. The doctors assured them he was fighting, but when his stats kept dropping it was hard to believe them. It was all too much at times.
After a few seconds, Donna said, “Looks like they’re starting a new game over there.” She gestured at the net where a small crowd was gathered.   Sam was holding the volleyball and pointing between the two sides of the net.
Cas’s eyes were drawn to Dean as he stepped into the room with a sad expression on his face. “Sammy,” Dean said sounding pained.
“And we are telling Riley,” said Shep.  “It won’t go any further than that for now, but we need to include her.  She has the most up to date information on the case and I trust her.”
“And that’s okay,” whispered Madilyn taking Dean’s hand in hers.  “But you do need to find a way to work through your anger and grief before you drive an irreparable wedge between you and Sam and Bobby.”
“That’s good.” Dean stepped over to Sam’s car and slowly opened the passenger door. “I’m scared Sam. How do I do this?”
“I know what you mean,” said Dean as he pictured his brother in his cap and gown, adorned with all his accolades. “I’m proud of him. Even if I struggle with him leaving, I’m so damn proud.” He held Cas’s gaze as he finished speaking. They stared at each other, both lost in memories. The sound of the door opening snapped them back to the present. Before Dean turned, he knew who had entered. The look on Cas’s face gave it away. The plastic smile that didn’t reach his eyes. The shadow in his usually bright blue eyes. It was all compounded by the stiff posture. The only times Dean saw Cas in such a state was when his mother was mentioned or when Carmen was present. Since Dean knew Cas’s mother would never deign to come to their humble home, he knew his girlfriend was walking in the door.
Shifting his body, Dean slid away from Cas and sat against the headboard. “For me it was always just sex. We both got off and then it was over. But Cas for you…” Dean’s voice cracked. “You were looking for someone to share your life with Cas. I hated the idea that you would find someone.” Tears welled in the mechanic’s eyes. “God how selfish does that make me? I refused to admit how I felt about you but wanted to keep you for myself anyway.”
“NO, SAM, you’re the one who’s wrong.  You argued with Dad and I took the punishment for it.  You got to go to school and I didn’t.  You got food and clothes and I got whatever was left.  And you did not have to be a parent when you were only a child yourself.  John saw me as a tool to use so he could continue his quest for revenge.  And you know what he was a FUCKING terrible father who used his fists and his words to wound.  So, don’t tell me I’m wrong because YOU DO NOT KNOW SHIT.”  Dean’s entire body went rigid as he yelled.  Anger replacing hurt and all of it directed at Sam.  Anger built up over years, spewing forth.  Words Dean had buried and hid from Sam.  The story of his life.  Of being used and abused.  Of feeling inadequate and unloved.  The rawness of the emotion was palpable, and when the anger started to fade, and sadness stepped into the void it grew even more pronounced.
Irritation flared under his skin, but he pictured Charlie and Sam and their desire for him to heal so he reflected on the cause. “I was wrong in my assumption. It mattered.”
Cas eyed him for several seconds, wondering if he should drop the whole discussion.  He finally gave in to the part of him that was unwilling to move on.  “So, this is…”
Cas gripped Dean’s foot and held it still.  “Why’d you agree?”  It wasn’t what he planned to say, but there was no way to take it back.
“Yeah, I guess that works for me.” Dean was still tight as a live wire. His nerves permeated the room.
A quiet voice broke through their shared moment. “Let me give you a scenario. A child is adopted into an already blended family. The stepchildren call their birth parent Mom or Dad, and the other parent by their name. What would the adopted child call the two parents?”
Leaning back, Cas's eyes drifting to the ceiling and the statement he’d been holding in slipped out.  “I didn’t think you’d call.”
The woman shook her head, stepping around Gabriel, ignoring his comment entirely. “Sam, Dean. It’s nice to meet you. I’m Meg Masters and I will be Castiel’s physical therapist. If you’ll follow me, I'll introduce to a few other members of Cas’s team.” Without waiting for agreement, she turned around and walked briskly down the hall. She was surprisingly quick, and it took several long strides for them to catch up to her. When they did, they were brought up short by the sudden appearance of a severe looking woman, hair pulled back tight and shoulders squared, almost military style. “Naomi, how nice of you to join us,” said Meg haughtily.
Shifting back, Cas rolled Dean over until they were facing each other. “Just being here with you. In our bed.”
Cas ran his hands through her hair. “Yes, Charlie. Your friendship is important to me and it is special. I love you. You are my family.”
“What’s with that anyway?  The sleeping and eating and…”  Dean’s voice trailed off, unable to describe the other changes he had noticed.  “And no hedging this time.  Tell me what is going on with you, with your grace.”
“Sam whatever it is you can tell us. We are always here for you.” Cas’s tone was soothing and laced with understanding.
Before Sam answered, he took a step back. “Um…I was the one who answered the phone when the nurse called. And um…Mom didn’t want to leave me home, and she had to come so here I am.” Sam’s voice was shaky, and it even cracked a few times. Dean knew he should feel guilty about it, but he didn’t have it in him at the moment.
“I do. Rufus pretty much ordered you to do it. And even if you aren’t sure about going back to work right now, I know you Cas, you will want to someday. Being a firefighter is part of you.” Dean stroked the back of Cas’s hand. “It’s not shameful to ask for help.”
, thought Dean as Cas continued. “We were in an area which had seen little fighting over the last months. Taking photos and interviewing a whole slew of kids. You should have seen them. They were so full of life, laughing and teasing, and then it was gone. Shattered in the blink of an eye. No one has a reason for it, and no one is laying claim to it. Bomb after bomb hit the small village. There is nothing strategic about the place and no suspected terrorists in the area. I don’t know how or even when I got hurt, and my injuries are minor. Some of those around me were not so lucky. Tears began to fall from Cas’s eyes. Mahdi…” Cas said, voice failing him. He swallowed several times before he regained his composure enough to say, “He did not make it.”
Letting go of Dean’s hand, Cas angrily ran his hand through his hair.  “Fear is not something I have spent a lot of time on.  Even in a warzone I found ways to compartmentalize it.  So, why when I have pleaded for this opportunity, does the thought of going outside fill me with dread.”
The crack in Dean’s voice and its gentle tone made Cas’s breath hitch. He felt hope for the first time since he realized his attraction for Dean. “Does that mean you -”
“Beg to differ, Cas, you-” Dean said, breaking off when Cas rocked forward.  “Fuck, you’re already hard.”
They hashed out some rough plans for a series of homes.  Other plans were made to select plots for each new home and outbuilding.  With little else to plan, Gabriel took off to share the details with Crowley.  They would begin the process of creating a protective barrier before Sam and Pamela were set to return.
“Yeah, I’m coming.”  Dean bounded down the ramp and across the yard.  “You could have waited for me.”
“Hey,” he said, “Sorry about that.  Not sure what that was.”  The deflection was half-hearted at best and Cas’s father saw right through it.
The four men sat crowded around Bobby’s small kitchen table, apprehension heavy in the air.  All thoughts seemed to be on the creature in the basement, yet no one mentioned him.  Bobby started talking about issues around the house which needed to be fixed.  Dean assured him he could do most of the work himself, so there was no need to hire anyone.
Sam chuckled, “That’s what I thought. Recruiting, training, organizing, and subverting seem to be hard-wired into his psyche.”
Sam’s coverings did not affect Cas the same, partly because his expressive body language revealed his demeanor. Cas didn’t remember Sam being so transparent in their daily lives, but here he bounced with exuberance, fidgeted with nerves, and often tensed with fear. In quiet moments, Cas let his mind wander through the myriad of reactions he observed from both Dean and Sam. It was in those moments, he came to understand that he wanted to know Sam’s feelings, but with Dean it was more than want, it was need. Cas had never been needy, but trapped in the hospital bed he felt himself lose control over his emotions at times, leaving him desperate and anxious. Dean’s touch helped calm those feelings but could not assuage them fully, not like Dean’s expression would. Not seeing Dean's smile, the one that could light up any room, left an ache in Cas’s chest.
“Fine, if you insist. Castiel has suffered burns along his left side covering his torso, arm, hand, and thigh. His lungs were damaged by smoke and heat inhalation. In addition, he was hit with shrapnel. The largest of which was lodged near his spine. He has undergone surgery to successfully remove the shrapnel. However, at this point, the swelling along his spine is limiting their ability to assess the outcome of the procedure.”
Normally, Sam wouldn’t care, but recently he had started being concerned with his appearance and what he should wear to certain places. Cas chuckled at the thought of Sam changing clothes several times just to go out to eat. “It’s up to Dean.”
“Things change,” interjected Cas.  “I’ve changed.  They’ve changed.  My circumstances, my priorities have changed, and before you bring up another ridiculous excuse, gay couples find ways to adopt and our situation is unique.  It’s no different than what they do for all the others that come through here.  They find the best match they have available and they make it happen no matter what.”
“Yes, I know but not today. Today we are celebrating.” Cas smiled at Kevin and Charlie. “Where’s your cake?”
The first time those arms wrapped around him Cas had tensed. It wasn’t that the touch was unwelcome at the time. It was more surprising than anything, and Julian respected Cas’s reaction. Easing back but not letting go completely. Cas had taken measure of his feelings and realized he needed to be touched. He had shifted back until Julian's arm came around him again. They had remained standing as they talked. It was intimate without being sexual. With all their shared time together, Cas had confided in the man about his situation at home, specifically about his unrequited feelings for Dean. So even as they embarked on this thing, Cas still had no idea what to call it, he knew Julian understood. Even without a label or a spoken agreement, he knew it had an end date.
The flutter of possessiveness Cas felt at those words had him rolling on top of Dean.  He kissed him hungrily.  “As I am yours,” he breathed out against Dean’s lips.  Pulling back to stare down at Dean, Cas asked, “Are you asking because Sam and Pamela are planning on leaving soon?”
“Now Meg,” Gabriel scolded, “My way was much quicker so we have more time to get acquainted with your guests.”
“No, but there aren’t a whole lot of options in that area,” Victor said, as he grabbed Cas’s arm, directing him toward the breakfast room.  “Grab something to eat.”
“No, no.  You’re wrong, Dean.  He was a crappy dad, and he drank too much, but he treated us basically the same.  He yelled when we argued with him and-”
The hunter dropped his head and laughed. “Yeah Cas I do because that is the way I loved Sammy. I went to hell for him knowing he might not do the same for me. I would have given my life for him for all of eternity. I needed to be at his side, to protect him and care for him and no matter what he did I would continue to do that. Sam has always known I would forgive him for anything.”
“Bobby had heard a rumor about it but most hunters thought it was just a legend.  The thing is supposed to be able to kill just about anything.”
Dean dropped his head into his hands again. “Not something I’m used to but yeah I am afraid. I have too much to lose. He is my best friend, my family and it would destroy me…” He paused and lowered his voice, “…if I ruined it.”
It was endearing, and Cas loved him all the more for his vulnerability.  The fact that he was willing to share it with him always triggered Cas’s protective side.  He tipped Dean’s chin up until their eyes connected, trying to convey gratitude and safety in the intensity of his gaze.  “What do you want, love?”
“They used the extractor from the Men of Letters.” She heard the heavy swallow from across the table and raised her head to find green eyes filled with pain staring at her intently. “Mom, that procedure is extremely painful. How many times over those weeks was he drained?”
Taking one of the photos down and handing it to Cas, she responded, “It means I think I might have found a match between John’s movements and some of our oldest cases.  That one in particular.”
Beth, hazel eyes filled with tears, stared at Pamela. “Because it was a fire and know one can…um…know what will happen.”
The explanation was short and sweet.  Victor left off any embellishments and fancy language.  He got to the heart of the matter as quickly as possible.  When he got to the part about Dean, Charlie inhaled sharply before her eyes found Cas.  They exchanged tense looks as Victor explained the rest of the encounter.  Cas took over from when Dean ran away.  All three of them looked pained when he repeated Dean’s words.  “Cas,” whispered Charlie.
It was over a year since Hurricane Maria devastated the island and the recovery was slow at best. Non-existent at worst. Power outages. Insufficient aid and late payouts. Roofless homes. Construction delays. Shuttered schools. Police shortages. Nearly bankrupted governments. All of which had contributed to high rates of mental health issues and suicides. Yet somehow through it all Julian remained positive. Each day he pointedly made sure to show Cas some of the island’s success stories. Despite these efforts, Cas could see the continued devastation the hurricane reaped. There was a level of sadness permeating the island. A notion of being a forgotten people. Second class citizens whose pain was less tangible, less significant than those of other Americans.
Dean shook his head and aggressively closed the distance between them.  “Don’t listen to her,” he said forcefully before his eyes snapped wide open.  “Wait, how do you know?”
Dropping his hands from where they had unconsciously been tangled in his hair, he said, “Join the club. You were right all those months ago.” He walked over and dropped himself onto the leather couch.
Shaking his head, Cas said, “Fine I won’t tell you, but you need to get up. That’s the third time your alarm went off.”
“Weeks,” howled Dean.  “Cas, don’t even think about it.  I am not staying here, doing nothing for weeks.  I have a job to do.  I hunted the whole time you’ve been after me.  Why stop now?  I get that I can’t go see the operation in Chicago, but I know what I’m doing.  I know how to avoid law enforcement.”
“Maybe, but your shared experience unites you with them even if you aren’t a vet.  You were injured in a warzone, Castiel, there is no denying that fact.  Promise me you will at least think about it.”
“Mom, I know you want to stay, but you have to take care of yourself.  Dean and I will stay until they kick us out, and Naomi promised to bring you back first thing in the morning.”
Dean laid down and rolled onto his side.  He stared at Castiel for several seconds, enjoying the smile in the angel’s eyes.  “I don’t know her well obviously, but she is a formidable person.  There was not an ounce of hesitation when it came time to rescue you.  And the way she handled Meg, I’ve never seen anything like that.”
Autografts are skin grafts using tissue from the burn patient.  They remove healthy tissue from one part of the body and transfer it to the burned area.  Cas got a graft from his right thigh to cover a section of his left one.
Cas’s mind ran through their time with his family.  Most of it was filled with laughter and…hugs.  Jimmy had been the hugger in their family, and yet each memory of the last weeks included rounds of hugs.  With every hello and goodbye as if they were making up for lost time.  His mother’s arms around him, making him feel safe and loved.  The feeling of acceptance when his dad held him.  The whispered words of gratitude from Naomi and the moments of empathy from Gabriel.  All of it felt new and different.  Maybe it was an awakening because of his dad’s heart attack, but Cas suspected it had more to do with Dean’s infectious personality, especially where his mother was concerned.  “Wow,” he said, “You’re right.”
He was surprised when Sam spoke first. “Cas, you are like a second big brother to me. I miss talking to you. You know how Dean picks on me when I geek out. So…um…yeah, I miss you,” he trailed off, embarrassment evident in his voice and by the pink in his cheeks.
“Cas are we really going to rehash every moment where I acted like a moron about this shit. You kinda skipped the end of that one. I stopped you from going out that door.” Green eyes pleaded with the hard-blue eyes glaring at him.
“I second that,” said Antonio as he stepped in the room.  “Might want to pick that up,” he added, gesturing at the camera.  By the time, Gabe had the camera rolling, Dr. Bevell and Naomi had entered the room.  Their expressions gave nothing away as usual.
Swallowing harshly, Cas finally lifted his head. He stared off in the distance as he spoke. The tone was flat, lifeless. “Heaven was a place of discipline. One must obey orders. I tried to follow, but I failed. Torture, behavior modification. I do not know how many times I suffered these punishments, this retraining, over my long existence. Hundreds, thousands. I think I do not want to know the answer. The place I thought was home was in all actuality a prison. The constant hum of angel voices, the stark white surroundings. There was no joy, no comfort. It was not a place of family and love. I found that…” Lost in thought, the angel stopped speaking and dropped his head into his hands.
“Because the kind of pain you are experiencing transcends the barrier between your earthly plane and my heavenly one. It touched my grace and I was unable to ignore it. I am usually much better at tuning humans out. Prayers, pain, suffering are not my cup of tea. But this…Wow…I can’t even describe it. I’m sure it didn’t help that I felt Castiel’s panic and heard his screams.”
As Cas took a moment to compartmentalize the information, his mother said, “How large is the family?”
Bobby’s poker face cracked with the tiniest hint of a smile.  “I don’t hear a denial.”  Dean tossed his hands in the air, and Bobby raised his brow, challenging him to disagree.  “That’s what I thought,” Bobby said when Dean’s only response was a slight droop of his shoulders.  “It’s nothin’ to be shy about, Dean.”
The sound of his mother’s voice cut him off at the quick. “Dean Michael Winchester, we do not need to hear that.”
The situation escalated so rapidly and so horrifically the President had to be informed and plans to alert the public were drawn up.  If they did not turn the tide, the world would soon know demons and monsters walked the earth.  Emergency declarations and public service announcements would fill the airwaves.  And in the center of it all was their team.  The fight had come to their door, and they were tasked with leading the charge.  They scrambled to find ways to kill the demons because exorcism did not work on all of them and often there was no time to complete one anyway.  It was Sam who hit on the first account of a demon killing weapon, but soon other reports came in from around the world.  There appeared to be weapons given the moniker, Hands of God.  They were kept in religious sites and villages in every corner of the world.  No matter the religious belief or non-belief the weapons had been kept and guarded.
Castiel looked up at Dean with tired eyes. “Gabriel cannot know what happened to me. He would never…” The angel shook his head. “Please promise me you won’t tell him.”
Defiantly Dean stroked himself one more time before dropping his hand away. “You didn’t say I couldn’t,” he said, trying to sound cocky, but it came out more like a plea.
Leaning back, Cas eyed Dean.  “How does mostly naked Cas sound?”  A myriad of emotions crossed Dean’s face, so Cas quickly added, “Before your mind travels to deep into the gutter...I’m talking about going down to the pool.”
With a huff, Dean turned to face them and set Lily on the ground.  He gave Cas a quick squeeze to his shoulder.  Taking Lily’s hand, he said, “Guess I know what I’ll be working on.  See you in a bit.”
Castiel grabbed Dean's wrist as it passed over his face. "Because God doesn't care," Castiel told him, holding on despite the struggle. "Please stop. You're being unreasonable."
This would be his third birthday without Dean. He used to be able to count every birthday without him on a single hand. There were four in college, though maybe those shouldn’t count. Dean did call. He still heard from him.
"I had a good day today," Sam said, feeling his sins on the crests of his lips. "And after you all showed me the pool, I didn't— an entire party, and I didn't—" Sam shuddered, convulsed, like his body was trying to force his lungs out. "I didn't think about him once."
to know.” Dean kissed him gently, still lost in the mental haze that was Castiel’s love. He kissed him again and again, until he had almost entirely forgotten what they were talking about.
Charlie shook her head. "Using its name draws its attention. Ask Sam sometime. He has a special way of communicating this sort of thing." She glanced back to the void. "Anyway, I think we can leave this here safely. Thanks for being brave."
“Okay, so. Stand like this, um, I know I’m taller than you but pretend I’m not if it’s easier. Put your hand here — no, here, and now move your feet… Yeah, that's it!"
Gabriel settled himself fully in Sam's lap, legs draped over the chair arm. "We gotta change that. Across the board."
"I'm not doing this because I think it'll work. And I'm not doing it for Castiel and Dean. I think they've made their choice. I'm doing it so you can finally let this rest."
"You don't know? You're telling me you've been alive for what you're claiming are millennia, and you've never once sat down and thunk it out?"
And it was Claire, and she was panicked and coughing and begging Castiel to tell her what was going on.
Sam huffed and barrelled on. “Charlie and I found a way to talk to you, okay? It took a lot of research and digging, but we did it. Now we’re working on using this as a way to extract you. And, of course, Cas. But he’s easier. He’s just wavelengths. You’ve got the added problem of a body.”
"You fear yourself. More than anything else. You fear what you can cause, and what you can make other people think. And you hate what you fear."
He looked around at the books at the head of the bed, at the bedside table, at the bed itself. No, this wasn’t his room at all. His room must have moved.
Mary sighed, sitting down on the sheetless bed. “You wanna know what that night was like for me, Sam? Because I’ll tell you.”
We would fly in droves and watch the swirls in disbelief, for out of nothing there came Something. We circled time after time, watching as the rock hardened, as dirt formed, as the first microscopic organisms began their equally microscopic journeys.
Maggie watched her fiance with a loving expression. “We’ve talked about it,” Maggie said softly. “We’re not ready just yet but… someday, maybe. If we find the right troubled teen.”
I think I have to go now. I wish I could kiss you. I wish I didn’t have to do this. If I had one more day with you, I would hold you tight and make sure you never felt unloved or alone ever again. As it is, just know I will always love you. Always. And I’ll be looking forward to the day the sun swallows me whole, because it will feel the same way falling in love with you did.
Gabriel liked those the most. He would light up his grace, and the reaction was as beautiful as it was explosive. Though I know it isn't so, it always seemed as if light came from nothing. His eyes would glow bright, and the swirling elements would clap into him, as if sucked in by a vacuum. It was so fast, so intense, that they stopped being elements and started being stars.
“I imagine you pretending to be bad at singing has something to do with you feeling like you are unworthy of attention.”
Rowena was pulling Fergus out of the kitchen before he could even process that statement. "Come now, I've got the perfect bedroom for ye!"
Jack laughed softly, scooting along the empty bottom of the cleaned pool to Claire. “I like yours. It’s very… abstract. Is that a horse?”
Castiel looked at the stars. He looked at them quite often. He knew every nook and cranny, but it was like a work of art. He could look and look and never grow tired.
Claire grinned. "It was worth a shot." She kissed Maggie again, again, again. "But ya know, in Kansas, it's enough to just say it so much that everyone agrees."
Sam smiled at her. “Yeah, okay. A few hours sounds good.” He closed his eyes and breathed the moment in. “We’re gonna get Dean and Cas back,” he whispered.
And Dean was much too far gone to argue, and if Heaven itself said he was beautiful, then it must be so. “I love you too,” he managed around the gasps that threatened to replace his vocabulary. “I sh-should’ve followed you.”
"I've always had someone to follow," Castiel confessed. "Every time I'm on my own, I make bad choices."
“Hey, hey. Don’t cry.” Dean held her face in his hands, wiping the tears away with his thumbs. “We’ve all done enough crying, doncha think? That era’s over. Let’s be happy.”
know everything that's happened!" Sam pulled out his chair again, sitting down and facing Dean expectantly.
Sam took in a shaking breath. "It's… it's over, isn't it?" he finally whispered, eyes not moving from the ceiling.
Rowena clicked her tongue. "Let the man eat somethin' healthy for a change. It would do him some good, if ye ask me."
Rowena placed a hot tea before Sam, sitting down across from him. "It would do ye well to drink somethin'," she said softly.
freak out, in the only way I know how which is channeling my emotions into my dick so do me a favor and just
Jody frowned. "I don't really know. Everything was fine. We were all in the kitchen, Charlie had made some joke, and everyone was laughing. I mean, even Sam was smiling, and Lord knows he doesn't do
If Dean could’ve seen, he would’ve seen the worried expression of Castiel, the drawn eyebrows, the shaky jaw, the scratch marks down his chest that certainly weren’t there before.
"That was it," Sam said, huffing out what wasn't quite a laugh. "That was goodbye. That was the end."
"Eventually." He picked up a stick and absently traced sigils in the dirt. "I figured we would let things settle first."
Dean shoved the phone at Cas, barely making it to the bathroom before he was coughing and hacking, water turning pink then red then maroon. He gasped in breath after breath, only to have it forced out of him again.
"Dead? Where would I go? I cannot go to the Empty. I cannot go to Heaven, or Hell. We are stuck here, 'brother', until the end of time. You cannot kill me."
“Oh, always.” Sam tried for a joking tone, but it fell a little flat. He cleared his throat and poured two cups of steaming coffee. “Am I a… bad person?”
Rowena eyed her wrinkled pajama pants. "Not likely," she responded, giving Jody a terse smile. "I'm here to help Sam and Jack. It seems somethin' happened here last night, but no one will tell me what."
"I know. I should've said something instead of just… abandoning you. But you also should've come to me, Maggie. You can talk to me about this stuff. I've been through it all."
Dean was pushed against the wall, Castiel’s hand over his mouth and Castiel’s body pressed against his.
They peeled out of the garage ridiculously fast, Claire's hair whipping out the bottom of the helmet, the wind bitterly cold on her arms.
Castiel followed Dean down the hall, to the left, past a few doors. "You seem to have a destination in mind," Cas mused.
because Dean knew the answer to that question. He was bad for everyone. He was bad for the air around him, the soil, the general
Castiel hummed, and then mumbled something in what was almost Enochian, but not quite. Like Pre-Enochian, old and ancient. “Sam,” he said when he had finished, “it really is wonderful to see you. I didn’t quite think I ever would again.”
"And I get that that probably makes me a terrible person, but the thought that maybe I didn't have to really exist in the world and couldn't cause any more problems just… gave me some peace. Like this. I don't really exist in the world anymore."
"He couldn't have gone far," Gabe assured him, standing up and walking over. "We can look together, okay?" He hovered his hand over Castiel's head. "Heaven is back up. I can adjust that for you."
Gabriel tried to flex his wings and winced. "Yeah. Yeah, it does." He huffed. "Wanna play some more baseball?"
steal them. He caught their soundwaves and filed them away for rainy nights, for when the stars refused to exist and only the echoing thunder reverberated across his shaking brain. He put them away for safe keeping, in case this was a fluke, in case Castiel woke up and realized what a mistake he had made.
"Already on it," Claire said, running into the hall. "Charlie!" she yelled out. "Wanna come watch some movies?!"
He looked up again, suddenly unsure whether he was irritated or incredibly, incredibly proud. "You're both dumbasses and I couldn't be more proud."
Castiel laughed softly. “Yes, I remember hearing about that.” There was electricity in the air, a stillness. “Wait…”
"Hm." Dean put the picture back, looking down the hallway at the rest. "How long did you say you've been trying to rescue us?"
"The spell is proving to be very tricky, but I'm sure I'll figure it out soon." He handed Sam a mug.
holding Mark’s hand above the table and I was just thinking that Dean was only ever cuddly when he slept.
Jody was hard-pressed to get an “I do” out of either of them, as Castiel had pulled Dean close, and Dean had lifted him up, had pressed their foreheads together, then their lips. They voiced their affirmations between kisses and tears and smiles.
“Yeah. I don’t know how to handle that. I’m not… I’m not a dad. I’ve never raised anyone. I’m not you, I guess, is what I’m trying to say.”
“Really, you need to make a roost for that thing,” Sam told him, stepping inside and flicking on the lights.
Claire’s head shot up. “What is that?” she asked, feeling like her entire body was covered in sewage.
Claire gasped in air, still chuckling, and responded, "Aye, tis I! His blood runneth in my very veins!"
Dean looked over to where the voice came from, tears leaking and jaw set. "Then I will kill you," he vowed, voice hitching, breath shuddering. "I will escape this."
Glancing over his shoulder to make sure the door to the bathroom was firmly closed, he ran his thumb under the lip of it, the old glue giving way easily. He knew the handwriting before he had even unfolded it and glanced at the signature.
He looked around the den, at everyone doing their own things. Claire had her face smushed into Maggie’s shoulder. Maggie was smiling in her sleep. Gabriel was— painting, it looked like, in a little notebook. Jack made a note to ask him about that later. Sam was researching on his computer and Rowena was doing the same in a book. Sam’s hand was playing with Rowena’s gently, with no real motive in mind. Charlie was playing some game on something handheld, earbuds plugged into her phone. She was smiling.
There was the sound of a throat clearing, and Dean looked up to see Sam sitting across from him at a table for two. “Uh, sorry to interrupt.”
Sam didn't raise his eyes. "I was back there. In the Void, when I dove off that cliff." He shifted to sit criss-cross, the light dissipating across the tent fabric. It was quiet. "But I was all alone. I guess Dean was back at the Bunker spot. I couldn't see him or hear him. And I didn't… I didn't go looking for him."
"The lot of ye, I swear," Rowena cursed under her breath. "I expect a full report on what happened since the last time I was here, Samuel." She eyed him, and the rust smeared across his face. "But later. Perhaps, for now, we should all eat?"
Castiel blinked back tears, finally pulling away to look at the carnage. "I hate these flowers," he told Dean quietly.
They were on the dance floor. Like, slow dancing. Dean’s head literally on Mark’s shoulder as some sappy love song played.
"I think I'm going to study under Rowena. I also want to go backpacking but… that's definitely not the main thing here."
“It’s… a mess that I would have to use grace to clean up. Which I don’t necessarily have an infinite amount of.”
Dean's eyes opened wide as he felt a hollowness in his chest. The knife he had found clattered to the ground. "What did—"
"It sucks majorly, I know. Losing people close to you. Especially when… Especially when they're not actually
Sam let out a breathy laugh. “What?! That’s wonderful! I knew you guys could do it!” He hugged Donna tight.
Jody nodded, attaching a drill bit. “We were really good friends. I think there are other universes out there where we wound up together, but… life is life. I’ve got Donna, and I don’t regret any of it.”
"No, you're not! You're fooling yourselves and you're trying to fool me!" Dean was standing up, motioning around the empty void. "Do you see this? Do you know what this is Sam?"
ever called me Dad, it was actually his very first word. Our dad wasn’t home, and little baby Sammy looked at me and said like, ‘dada’ or some shit. And I spent the rest of the day trying to get him to look at a picture of our real dad and say the same, but he wouldn’t. Dad didn’t seem too fond of that.”
“And then he just… left you? Like that? Without so much as a goodbye?” Gabriel tossed another ball like it was nothing. “He chose his friend over his own
The next day was cold, so Sam thought James might like a small sweater. He went to the old lady that lived down the lane and asked if she had such a sweater. Lucky for him, she did! While he was there, she taught him how to knit. He ran along to the tree and helped James put the sweater on before showing him all he had learned that day.
“Then he knows you’re here!” Dean got onto his hands and knees, head hanging a moment. “He knows and he doesn’t
Sam declined drinks, doubtless still nursing the very edges of a headache from the night before. He made breakfast for everyone (or brunch, really) and served up pancakes before setting to cooking the veggie bacon.
Castiel felt Dean's heartbeat against his fingerprints. If he strained a bit, used some of his finite grace, he could see the spiderweb of veins across his throat, the pores in his bones, the cracks in his soul.
"I wasn't here for all of it," Gabriel admitted. "But no. Not most of the time. Here recently? Yeah. He was doing great."
Sam sighed heavily and rested his head in his hands, hair falling slowly out of his bun. He was sure Dean would tease him about it. Maybe that’s why he wasn’t taking it down: to see if Dean would acknowledge it.
Sam took a deep breath, and something three years old hardened his eyes. “No,” he said, cutting his palm and reciting the words.
“I think I’ll just give you a long list of questions, and we can go through them as needed,” Dean deadpanned.
I hated it, Dean. I hated it so. I hated it with the fierceness only someone who has just discovered hate can have.
Claire and Maggie watched detachedly as the older adults paced, until finally Claire touched Maggie's arm gently and left the room.
Michael put an encouraging hand on his shoulder. “Haeliel is correct. All past transgressions have been forgiven, but this does not hold for future ones. There will be a fair system of trials, and a fair punishment.” He turned to Naomi. “Do you understand?”
“Yeah, really. Surprise me.” Dean stood up, stretching. “I’m gonna go take a shower. Pick one out by the time I get back?”
to underestimate you anymore!” He pulled Dean away and rammed him hard back into the wall. “Tell me you weren’t going to tell Castiel you wanted to stay. Go on, Dean.
Bobby walked over to them, resting his forearms on the back of Mary’s chair. “Gonna impart your wisdom to them?” he teased.
One last, quick kick was something deep and ugly inside Claire, a monster unleashed and — yes, those were definitely tears. They were the hot, bitter tears of mourning someone still alive. But, more than that.
Of course, Claire, in her dreams, wasn't aware of that. In her dreams, Dean was sitting beside her outside Donna's house, talking about the book. There was stubble on his face, and his eyes were brighter than she really remembered.
There was something within Dean that knew he would usually tug away, pretend to not be affected, shine a smile. But Dean didn't want to let go.
Old words echoed in his mind, words from a tearful, joyous grasp as the Ma’lak box slowly sank beneath the water.
Castiel pulled his trenchcoat tighter around him. "Hello, Gabriel," he said distractedly. "I was wondering if you might tell me where Dean is. I cannot seem to—" He stumbled, leaning heavily against the shelf and closing his eyes tightly. "I can't seem to find him."
"Still asleep, I think." Jody closed the door behind Rowena and leaned against it, yawning slightly. "We all had a pretty rough night. I barely got him patched up, what with all the — well. Anyway. Glad you're here."
"You mean if Azazel had never come into the picture, Heaven and Hell hadn't had plans, and you somehow managed to avoid all the hunting that runs in your blood?"
The feeling of being human wasn’t alien to Cas, but it was unnerving, the way his lips tingled against Dean’s, the way his clothes felt sliding off his body. Dean’s hands wasted no time in mapping the curves on Cas’s body, all worry gone. Because this was not an angel and a demon, this was two humans, deep in the woods, and that was something Dean could understand. There was no angry hum in the back of his mind, no burning on his arm. There was just the smooth feel of Castiel’s skin as he removed every layer of clothing separating them.
And Dean did for the next week and then the following one, and then it was too late anyway, so he found himself in a tuxedo with Anna on his arm as her mom took pictures. He tried to smile, but everything about the night was putting him on edge. Cas, Benny, and Rhonda were at Inias’s house for photos, and so he was stuck at Anna’s with people he barely knew. Worse yet, Anna’s family was the country club type and so was the other couple with them. He felt like a fish out of water and couldn’t wait until they moved on to his house, and his friends would join them. It seemed to take forever and by the end, he was clenching his jaw. It didn’t relax until he pulled in his driveway. His mom and Missouri greeted him at the door, ushering the others inside.
Michael grabbed Dean's wrist and tugged him close, furious eyes threatening to set him on fire. "I'm done playing nice. You're
“I would, too,” Donna responded. She looked back at her screen, pressing more buttons. “I can’t imagine forgettin’ Jody. That sounds like Hell.” She sighed. “It woulda been nice if we had Dean’s memories somewhere in these old computers. Then we could just give them back.”
Dean nodded, tilted his head to the side a little, and swallowed hard. “So you ain’t gonna tease me if I cry all over you right now, then.”
“Do you want my permission?” Castiel asked, running one hand over Dean’s bare chest. “You have it. Kiss me.”
Rowena observed him calmly, still slightly huddled in her blankets. “Yer upset about somethin’, Samuel.”
Sam grinned at him. “Then it’s all settled.” He turned back to the room with the empty table for two. “Are we all ready?”
I told him they didn’t even have tuxes, and Mark grinned and said they already looked better than any of the kids at prom could even dream of being.
Maggie had stared at nothing, backed into a corner of the room. Of all the words spewing from Jack's mouth without his consent, she was the only one to understand.
“Besides, I have heard you singing in the shower plenty of times. You’re not as bad as you pretend to be.”
"I lost four parents," Sam told her, barely louder than a breath. "Bobby, and Dad, and Mom, and Ellen."
if he was honest. Castiel tasted like war, like deathly heat and gunpowder and metal. He was reminded jarringly that this wasn’t just
"Alas, dearest of canaries, I would — if only… oh dear." Maggie turned from him, addressing the forest itself. "If only she hadn't stolen mine heart as well!" She turned quickly back to Jack. "We fight for her. Here and now. We fight for her hand, and her—" Maggie gave Claire a wink, "aubergine."
" Dean cut himself off, wincing. "No. I should've done better to let you know how much I love you. We all should've. You don't ever doubt that, okay? No matter what happens down here. We all love you, Cas. We just... We don't say that a lot. We weren't raised to
Bobby was beside him, and the night was cold and unforgiving. “You sure you did the ritual right?” Dean asked, carving the table absently with a knife.
Claire rested her palms against the steering wheel, worn from decades of use, and dusty from months of disuse. "Then what do you suggest?"
They left their drinks there, unfinished, and Dean led the way. "I take this route sometimes on the way home from work. It's... serene, I guess."
I don't know how long has passed since I've gone. I don't know if it's been days or weeks or years. I don't know when you'll find this. I hope it wasn't immediately. I hope you've had time to come to terms with it all, and this is that final piece you need to truly move on.
“I don’t know if I agree with that.” Dean looked at Sam, really looked at him. “You’re different than I remember.”
I dunno. Something weird. Sam liked weird foods. Which worked fine, I guess, since there's a limited amount of food you can slide into a jacket pocket.
And you can make your little plans and play your little game but you need to man up and pull the plug."
Rowena picked up her bowl, making her way over slowly. “Sam,” she said, “I’m gonna need ye to hold still and take those glasses off.”
Castiel sighed. "What do you want me to say? That I fear Death? I do not. That I fear loneliness? I am more lonely than you can bear to fathom. That I fear the Unknown? I am in it."
"It's strange, I'm aware. But it's true. Many things live a very long time. But the short lives of humans make them valuable and beautiful. I could say 'short lives', but that doesn't really encompass the whole thing."
Jody looked between them all. “You two may now take your seats,” she said, gesturing to two empty seats in the front row.
Dean desperately tried to memorize the taste as he kissed Castiel. It wasn’t what he had initially expected. It wasn’t sweet or soft or even
“Not yet. But he promised we would all be involved. Said he couldn’t do it alone.” Jody couldn’t stop the small smile that was spreading across her face. “It’s nice to see him asking for help.”
Dean wondered how many pounds of pressure it would take to flatten himself, how deep he would have to bury himself to know he would never arise and have to face that sentence again. “So then… that’s it.”
“Of course!” Dean responded, whole body shaking. “Mr. and Mr. Castiel Winchester, Bottom of the Ocean, Big Box.”
Sam grimaced and took a big gulp of chocolate. "I hated him for a long time. But… I got older, and it was so long ago that I just… I stopped caring at all. He was driven, and brave, and single-minded. But none of those are good things if your kids aren't among your interests. There's a reason Dean raised me, and it's that our real dad never did."
"He crumbled. One moment he was here, and we were everything. The next he was gone, and I—" Castiel's eyes traced over Dean's face. "And I was left here."
“It depends on how close we are to a deep sea gorge. I only detect a very slight current at the moment. It would take a long time for any bodily fluids to evacuate this area.”
“Oh, no. You misunderstand me.” He glared at Naomi. “She can have a choice. She can either choose to help us of her own free will, or she can go to jail. As you said yourself, there is no place for violence and threats in our New Heaven.” The angels grew visibly worried as power and lightning began circling the raging archangel.
Gabriel mushed his cheek against Jack’s head. “You know, I raised Castiel. I know him better than just about anyone. I’ll tell you his stories. I’ll stick up for you. I’ll teach you the things a nephilim should know.”
“Talk to me, kid,” Gabe said, leaning down to grab the next from a bucket. He was still healing, and it bothered him to no end.
Dean rolled his eyes and huffed, pulling out a chair and sitting in it backwards. “What do you want, Michael?”
Dean giggled at something Castiel said. “Ah, you know, you act like you’re not funny but you’re really fuckin’ hilarious,” Dean told him, still laughing softly.
There was something mischievous in Rowena’s eyes. “I don’t know, Sam. Gabriel already asked me out, ye know.”
Dean traced around it idly, forming a mental image. He couldn’t see anything. Hadn’t seen anything since the lid had shut, sealing them in forever. Castiel’s hands were rough against his, and Dean vaguely wondered if they would ever grow soft. His fingers were calloused and his palms the same.
Dean and Castiel took harbor in the kitchen when things got to be too much, side-stepping well-meant hugs to push into the quiet of the room. They could still hear everyone talking and laughing just outside, and Dean hung his head and laughed.
Jack picked up a nearby rag and cleaned the paint off Claire’s face. “You can do this, bear. I know you can.”
Wait no that's dumb. I'd wish Michael was out of my fuckin' head, then I'd wish that we were back on dry land, and
influence on him." She thrust her arms out, doing her best impression of Maggie. "See and hearken, all who labor under the Heavens! Listen to the boy's mannerisms, his colloquialisms, his humor! This ruddy youth hath learned to speaketh with the times!"
maybe!” Maggie exclaimed, dancing away from the probably-cursed thing, laughing. She spotted a very gaudy hat and promptly stepped on a nearby shelf to dunk it onto Sam’s head. “Perfect!”
I fuckin' sucked at it, but it was fun to trash talk Sam as we played. I would do that every night while we were in that area. Come home from school, wait for Sammy, play soccer until supper time. I'd make something
“Like guys. Dean, I know.” Sam gave him a soft smile. “I’ve known for a long time, okay?” He held Dean’s face in his hands. “If it makes you feel more accepted, I like guys, too.”
Dean snorted. “Oh yeah, that’ll be rich. I’ll start to get violent, and you’ll just swoop in and kiss me and fix it. Sam’ll
his family." Dean's head thumped back again and his mouth opened in a gasp, eyes wide. "Everything fucking hurts."
Dean paused for a moment, then proceeded to clean himself as fast as he could, stumbling out of the lake and over to his phone.
It wasn't long until Heaven sent someone to replace me. I imagine they got tired of watching me drag Hector's corpse around the camp.
“I—” Sam stopped, realization slowly crossing his face. “I guess you’re right.” He frowned, lost in his thoughts. “Look. I’m past the point where I just sit around screaming and crying every day. But I’m not okay, either, and I don’t know if I ever will be. And it’s easier to just tell you I’m fine than to tell you I’m not.”
Charlie nodded. “Yeah, that’s what it looks like. But there’s no need to push the plan off. We can just regroup in a few hours, if you want. You just pop in, say hi, and tell him we’re getting them out. And then we do. Simple.”
Cas hid his smile in Dean’s collarbone, then rolled his eyes and kissed Dean softly on his lips. “Then it’s settled. I’ll come home.”
He was good at it. He said, sometimes, when he was little, he'd go into thrift shops just to buy things to resell. He'd make enough money that way to last him and Sam until their dad got back.
Gabriel pulled him inside, closing and locking the door behind them. He pushed Sam onto the bed, and Sam put up no resistance. Just stared at the ceiling, unseeing.
"BECAUSE IF HE—” Michael's voice dropped, and he desperately tried to yell again, "BECAUSE IF— if He... If he never tried to come back then I... I..."
Dean jerked his head up in time to see Sam, eyes and hands glowing red. Sam pressed his searing palms against Dean's cheeks, fingers shifting up into hair.
"I don't need to be swept off my feet," Claire told Maggie's lips. "I just need my feet to be beside yours."
Dean shook his head and looked back to his phone. “I’m… scared,” he admitted, memories of a room of corpses coming back to his head. “I know he’s just trying to help but I don’t— I don’t know that I deserve to be saved.”
Besides feeling guilty for what he had done, the mere thought of that many people made his skin crawl. He had spent three thousand years with only one person, and now there were — what? Eleven? At least?
Castiel laid back against the bed, feeling more at-home than he had in a while. His eyes travelled over Dean's clothes on the floor and he frowned.
“Based solely on our track record, I feel as though any ‘cupcake phase’ of ours would involve more blood than this.”
Dean was quiet a moment, listening to the easy rise and fall of Castiel's chest. "Can I tell you something weird?"
"I didn't think you'd be with me," he whispered, eyes clenched shut now. "I thought I'd be able to scream about it. And I can't." Dean reached out one shaking hand to Castiel's cheek. "Why did you follow me in here? Why did you sign your own fucking death warrant, huh?" His hands clenched into lazy fists.
Gabriel held him close, rocking him gently, because things still weren’t okay, and because maybe they’d never be okay, and because this was his brother’s child. His brother, the one he raised, the one he loved. Castiel had loved this child more than life itself, and Gabriel knew the feeling.
Jody shrugged and led the way, grabbing a coffee mug off a table as she passed. "Do you know what happened?" Jody asked, taking turn after turn.
“I suppose we had a few. Just as Sam and I had some.” Castiel glanced at Dean. “Though it might be against the social code for me to explain
She turned around to stare at the Barbie-sized motorcycle in the back. "Don't call me kid," she muttered in awe.
Gabriel backed away to look at Sam, whose face was shocked. "You were expecting a fight, weren't you?" Gabriel asked gently.
Dean saw it, then. A beautiful bird, glorious and colorful, flying from tree to tree. It was his bird, he was sure of it. It warbled a sweet song.
“Dean,” Sam whispered, breath stuttering as he held Dean back. “Oh my— I haven’t seen you in— it’s been so long I—”
Sam rummaged around in his bag at the foot of the tent, finally pulling out a weirdly-shaped coffee pot. “I’ve got a camping percolator, sure. Don’t let the others know, though. Those kids can chug coffee like it’s water.”
The longer I write this, the more I feel like I’m praying to you, Cas. I promise not to pray to you in the box. I don’t think you could deal with that. I want you to move on, and for you to help Sam move on. Both of you, find a life without me. That’s the only way I’ll know peace.
“I love him,” she said gently. “More than anything. He understands me. We’re two birds of a feather. We’ve been through so much of the same stuff and came out stronger because of it. I couldn’t imagine life without him.”
Rowena ran her hands over Sam’s fingers, leaving green light in their wake. “And yer sure about this?” she asked, watching him carefully. “Last time Dean had his memories back, he wasn’t too keen on ye rescuin’ him.”
She wrapped her arms around him, burying her face in his shoulder. “I missed you,” she told him plainly.
"Hmm. Tell ya what. You and I can play a game of soccer when I bust you out of here." He thumbed away tears from Dean's cheeks. "How's Cas?"
Dean hissed, knees curling up and hitting the metal lid. "I shoulda known, fucking demons always—" he cut himself off with a grunt, "— always fucking—"
"I don't know." She turned her head to the nearest door, behind which she could hear snoring. "But I intend to find out."
Sam held out his arms to Maggie, who laughed and stepped into a hug. "I'm ssssoooo happy for you and Claire," he told her. "And for you. You kep' my head above water." He leaned his cheek against the top of her head, humming contentedly. "Are ya takin' her name or is she takin' yours?"
"Just... Do you think Sam and I were good enough on our own to get in? If we were being judged just like everyone else?"
Charlie shrugged her backpack back on. "Your choice, but hiking in a dress sounds like hell. I'd decide quick, too, because Sam and the sheriffs aren't too far behind."
“I… I suppose so.” Gabe traced a finger over Sam’s cheeks. “You’d really wanna visit a couple of crotchety old immortals in your perfect afterlife? I’ll be honest, most people didn’t even
"A blue fruit, used mostly in dishes such as the ratatouille, from France," he informed her, spinning and rolling to behind her.
Maggie looked at Claire, and Claire looked at Maggie. “We’re gonna stay here,” Claire finally said, leaning on the lid of the box. “We have a garden started so we can sell produce, and we’ll keep Sam company for as long as he’ll have us.”
On her way down the aisle, Claire leaned over and picked a single dandelion, fully bloomed, and gave it to Maggie the moment she was within reach.
“I know that!” Michael continued to push at him. “There’s nothing you can do about it! Sam is in control!” Michael cursed sharply. “If you stay here, Castiel will be taken, and
"I promised myself that I would keep him warm, on the nights when he can't remember why he feels so cold."
“That’s… valid, I suppose. But uh… no. It was really me.” Sam winced. “Is he mad that we haven’t seen each other? I know he… he pulled me back but I was too far away.”
"Isn't here. Just us. Just our consciousnesses. We ran every scenario. You and I can't stay long, but... You're safe, Dean. You're safe here."
If I had one, I'd be there now. One last bit of earthly comfort and whatnot. But I'm here, at my desk, with my bags packed for Mom's behind me.
Castiel leaned down to nip playfully at Dean's ear, smiling. “Once upon a time, when Olympus stood high above the earth, there was a war.”
Gabriel barked out a laugh, smiling wide. “Hell yeah! I’ll be there!” He wiggled his eyebrows. “Need me to make you a wedding dress?”
Charlie sighed somewhere behind him, the soft sound of keyboard keys stopping. “Look, Sam. I know a bit about family, and a lot about loss. Are you sure Dean wouldn’t want you to just… I dunno… move on?”
Sam was really happy, because he thought he had lost his beloved pet. He climbed into the tree and spent the day with James, chatting with him and telling him all about his friends.
Rowena laughed softly. “Aye, it was a fantastic night. Yer gonna have one gale of a headache tomorrow, though.” She laced her fingers through Gabriel’s, resting their hands on Sam’s chest.
“When do we ever do anything else?” Donna teased back, grinning at him. “Ya keep an eye on these kids, y’understand?” She turned to the three musketeers. “And ya three keep an eye on Sam. Don’t let him get into another pickle like this was.”
“I think we can fist-fight anything that tries to mess with us. Besides,” Dean reached in his pocket and held something out. “What with the whirlwind of surprising you, I completely forgot to give you this.”
If she had been there that night, she would have seen Sam do the exact same things she would have done.
Michael's eyes met Dean's and, for the first time, Dean saw fear there. "Then I'm a monster,” he whispered.
"I know. Me, too. But we don't have long here. I just wanted to make sure you were still okay." Sam's lips twisted up in amusement. "Have you made a move on Cas yet?"
Cas smiled in the water. "Good to know you've been listening. Fine. I will tell you one terrible tale. But please... Have mercy in your judgment."
Something soft and quiet settled in his stomach. This felt too much like a midnight vigil for his tastes. “Hey,” Sam told the air. “Missed you, Dean.”
“Proof that I was making a difference. I led heavenly armies against hordes of demons, and, no matter how many times we were hit, we never showed a single sign of weariness. I wanted the signs. I wanted proof.”
If Dean squinted, he could see every facet of Castiel, stretching up into the sky, thousands of faces and yet all focused on this one, small butterfly.
Sam's hand went over Dean's mouth. "Hey, hey. It's okay. Don't try to talk. You've been down there for three years, Dean. Dean. Dean," Sam trailed off, saying Dean's name like it was a word once forbidden, like he couldn't believe it.
Sam snored slightly and Dean smiled. He was sure he had done this exact thing countless times before.
Dean looked at the picture of Sam in his too-big soccer uniform. "Huh. I don't remember you playing soccer."
Dean tried to wrack his brain, but he couldn't stop shaking long enough. "I don't know," he whispered to Sam, covering his face again.
Lips gave way to tongue, and it was closer to Heaven than Castiel had ever felt as an angel. They had started moving, though neither could say when, and Dean’s back was against a tree, and Castiel was pressed up against him, hands traveling down sides.
He laughed softly. "Alright, Natasha," he teased. "You know, I'm really happy for you guys. You make a great couple."
Dean ran a hand over his face, taking a deep breath. “How am I supposed to talk to him about this? You don’t think…?” Dean let the question hang, looking to Castiel.
“Like shit,” Claire responded. “What about yours?” She turned to look at him and immediately let out a frustrated noise. “YOURS IS FUCKING PERFECT, YOU ASS!”
Her family had grown. It had grown so much, and she still had people to meet. She still had another on the way.
longer than you," Dean finished in horror. He looked all around them, at all the old pictures. "Sam. Where are the new pictures?"
Gabriel ground his teeth, focusing on putting one foot in front of the other. He couldn’t remember the last time he had felt this weak. The four homunculi had taken it out of him entirely, but he refused to not be present for this.
And I'm thinking of August, too. About the dying leaves, falling to the ground. They've only just turned in August. And we don't try to staple them back onto the branches. We don't mourn them. We let them go, because that's just life. Things die. Things leave us. It's just how it is.
That flash of beautiful, deep indigo had brought tears to Dean's eyes, vision swimming with all the shades of blue again before they vanished just as quickly. He had forgotten how beautiful blue was. He had forgotten how beautiful
Claire raised her chin defiantly. “I wanna know if you missed me.” She held up a hand, cutting Dean off as he began to answer. “Don’t give me that ‘I didn’t remember you for two thousand years’ bullshit. I know. Tell me about the rest of the time.”
Forty was what Sam hoped for in college. Forty was what Sam was sure he’d never see before or after. Yet, here he was. Old.
I'm worried about you. And Cas. But mostly you. I know he can hold his own, but you? I raised you, Sammy. I know you. And this might destroy you.
It felt like the dead of night. Or maybe it was afternoon. It was impossible to tell, and Sam snoring away at the foot of the bed didn't help.
Castiel sat down beside him, leaning in close enough that Dean could smell the ozone on him. "She's your favorite, right?"
Michael pressed one hand to his nose in shock, eyes narrowing at the blood. “You wanna play dirty? Fine. Let’s play dirty.”
Dean rolled out of the way, yanking an iron poker out of the fireplace. “We both were parents by the time we could string together sentences.” He parried the strike, kicking Michael in the stomach.
Jack barely noticed the pink blush on Charlie’s cheeks, instead drifting to look at her pride flag. “So you’re lesbian,” he deadpanned.
me is your idiotic complacency in Castiel." Michael held up a small snail shell. "Here's how you met your precious
I told him goodbye, held my hands against the mist of his face one last time, and returned to Heaven.
Castiel stumbled back, until the wallpaper stopped him, until his head was pressed back against repeating flowers and his hands were grasping uselessly at two-dimensional stems, as Dean choked on the meaning of
The burn was blissful and terrible and too much and not enough. It felt like Dean was being pulled in every direction, when the only direction he cared about was
Dean desired other than what his brother desired. Dean pulled him into his lap, holding him tight and bending over him, cocooning him against the world. "Yes, yes of course yes, I miss you, I miss you I miss you," Dean babbled quietly, rocking them both back and forth.
“That means in this, too. Believe me, I know what you’re going through.” Dean gave him a sad smile. “I’ll offer whatever comfort I can.”
“It’s always like that around here.” She shrugged. “I’ll keep everyone at bay for a bit, let you guys get some peace and quiet.”
Mary watched Jack and Rowena as they worked together to copy each small painting large onto the wall. It was graceful, the way their arms moved. It was far more…
Dean dragged him up for a kiss deep and dark and desperate, moans hiding in the back of his throat as he came, trembling and shaking and
Patroclus drew close to me, and I to him. We shared everything between ourselves, late at night when the rest of the world lay asleep. He would climb into my bed and whisper stories to me, stories I had never heard before. I did not know what love was, at the time, but I believe I loved Patroclus.
“Yes and no. There’s more to it, but even human souls can sense its pull. You eventually named what you could sense ‘time’.”
Dean reached out blindly, hand sliding against the side of Castiel's neck, entreating. "Please?" he asked again. He knew this game. He could play it well.
"And ye've got dried blood all over ye. But no wounds, it seems. Angels are an odd bunch, I'll say."
“Though humans do imagine many things, quite a few of their so-called sea monsters aren’t imagined.”
Dean was silent, staring. There was only one way for this to go, as far as he was concerned, and he was very much on board. It was Armageddon, anyway. Who was he to deny himself this?
Sam grabbed a drink out of Gabriel's hand, the straw still between Gabe's lips. "Another toast!" he yelled out, arm around Maggie. "To the future Winchesters!"
Sam stared at Gabriel, speaking slow as if Gabe wouldn't understand, "They are girlfriends." He pulled Maggie close, as she had been trying to disentangle herself. "You two are Winchesters, one way or 'nother." His eyes sobered up for just a moment, looking at his partners. "I'd like to spend my life wi' you two."
Dean glanced over from where he was looking for a weapon, looking at the small object between Michael's fingers. "Seashells?"
Charlie sighed, turning to face them. "If I told you that, what's to keep something from using that against us?"
And when Cas had asked if he had anything to say for himself, Dean hadn't been able to think past the cerulean swimming through the parts of his brain that hadn't already shut down.
Sam stared at the words in his book, trying to think of a good way to answer that. "I missed you, too," he murmured.
The question came so out-of-nowhere that Maggie froze. “I um… No. No, I don’t. I’ve seen too much to… do that to a kid.”
Cas put a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Don't worry. We'll fix this soon. It's nothing we can't handle."
Gabriel rubbed his thumb against the back of Sam's hand. "You won't be okay until you try, will you?"
"Yer welcome." Rowena took a deep gulp of her coffee, closing her eyes as if to savor it better. "Can I ask why ye think yer a bad person?"
Castiel felt his chest tighten and held out a hand, resting it softly on Dean's cheek. "That's because you should never have had to be a demon."
Sam closed his eyes and smiled at the ceiling a moment, before sighing. “Do you guys not wanna spend forever wi’ me?”
"And I can't… I can't just…" Sam took a shuddering breath, and Claire watched oceans fall from his eyes. "I can't lose another part of him," he finally whispered.
Sam was driving as Claire slept, face smushed firmly against the passenger window, and it all made sense again.
Michael watched them curiously. “How impartial of you, Castiel, after everything she has done. I was certain you would side with Gabriel.”
“Are you ready for bed?” Castiel asked, nose pressed into Dean’s collarbone. They were, in fact, already in Dean’s bed, but Castiel couldn’t resist asking something so small that once was unattainable.
There was that feeling again, but it didn’t crack his ribs this time. It didn’t hurt. It felt like coming home.
Which is why she, Maggie, and Jack were pitching three tents while an exasperated Jody tried to take them down.
Sam smiled. “Good. Dean was… really glad to see me. He actually cried a little. Is everything else ready?”
"Mmmkay. Jack," Sam said, trying to hold the phone out and just running into a wall of feathers. "Phone's for you." Sam gave up and put the phone on speaker, dropping it in the covers and planting his face back into the foot of the bed, instantly falling asleep.
A tinny guitar sound rang out across the silent woods, and they both glanced to where they had left their clothes.
Cas kissed him gently, bottoming out and transferring all of himself to Dean, moans spilling out of two lips and into two others that swallowed the sound. His hand dropped to wrap around Dean, and it was like Dean’s world narrowed to just Castiel, and then exploded with the force of him.
There was a raucous laugh from the living room, and Gabriel cast his eyes over enough for Sam to notice.
And try as Charlie might, she could not tear Sam away from where he held Jack tightly, paper-thin red lines growing into gouges across his body. Wings stuttered against Sam, and he merely held on tighter.
for being amazing and teaching me how to do em-dashes instead of double hyphens. She da best, go read her stuff!
Sam and Maggie were jogging, early morning. The sun was just rising over the treetops, and the sweltering heat hadn’t quite happened yet. It was cool for May.
Charlie’s smile was blinding. “She’s the sweetest! She’s a bartender and she teaches me how to make really cool drinks. And she
He didn't even know he could still make those sounds. No angel had in thousands of years. It boiled its way out of him, until his mouth was open wide, spewing earthquakes and lightning and terror and sorrow so profound it needed a new name.
He took a moment to regain his composure before standing up. “It’s almost time to set them free,” he said, well aware of how desperately he had wanted to say those words for three agonizing years.
"Ah, yes, but... Castiel," Michael tutted, tongue swiping across Dean's bottom lip. "It sure would be fun to try." He grinned.
They went through an empty lobby, into an empty elevator, where mouth met mouth met chest met thighs, until the bell rippled between them and they crashed into the hall.
Claire snorted. "Yeah, same." She typed in a different name. "If you like the Kim/Shego dynamic, there's an ongoing show we could watch. It's a kind of disgusting level of wholesome, though."
"And ye don't have to. It'll take some time. But things really aren't all that different, ye know. Now ye jest have more free time."
Claire elbowed Maggie. “Ow, hey,” Mags grumbled. “Okay. Alright. Um, bad timing again but… would you… walk me down the aisle?”
“Not a chance!” Charlie responded, shoving him gently. “They really just had people in those weird suits pretending to be the wolves in
he knew this place. It was inky black and endless, as far as he could tell. There was nothing, not even stars.
Cas went to bed with his muscles screaming at him, and he woke the same way.  Every part of his body ached as he tried to roll over away from the sunlight rudely streaming across his face.  “Ugh…” he groaned repeatedly.  A soft chuckle made him open his eyes.  Temporarily blinded by the sun, he quickly covered his face, grimacing in agony at the movement.  The chuckle grew deeper.  Lowering his hand and cracking one eye, Cas took in the sight of Dean, freshly showered, shaved and bright-eyed.
When Cas returned home the next day just shy of noon, he stepped into a swirling chaos. The best kind of chaos. And his husband was standing in the middle of it with a wide grin. “Hey.”
Dean could see she wanted to protest or offer advice, but there was little she hadn’t already said so she remained silent on the subject. She packed a bag and got the stroller out for him. She even held Alex while he called Cas. The reproachful look didn’t leave her face until she kissed Alex on the forehead to say goodbye. By the time Dean made his way out to the park in the center of the townhome community, Cas was already there. He bounded up with a huge grin on his face. Cas was never one to easily show such emotion, but for Benny and Rhonda’s kids it was always front and center. He loved being Uncle Cas, and Beth, not yet two years old, had him wrapped around her finger. Dean assumed it would be no different with Alex. Barely stopping to say hello to Dean, Cas plucked Alex out of the stroller and proceeded to walk him around, describing everything they saw in detail. Dean, who’d seen similar performances before, was still enamored by the sight. Cas’s deep voice and sparkling eyes were enough to keep his attention, but the story he wove with his words was even more captivating.
Dean flopped down on the couch. “It means you were already well into your career and mature by the time I met you.”
“But of course, it is my job to know who the major players are.  How do you think I have survived this long?”  She waved her hand in the air, brushing off any further questions.  “Now, I believe dinner was about to be served.  Samuel, would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea I have a few things to discuss with Charlene?”  Sam stood stock still as Rowena swept by him to greet an openly startled Charlie.  “By your expressions, I see my son failed to inform any of you that I was coming.  Oh well, no time to espouse on his failings we have much to do.”
As tactless as ever, Bobby interjected. “Idjits, that is not even the biggest problem we are facing. Without Cas’ grace to protect us and the bunker, we are wide open for attack.”
difficult time not dissolving into laughter. "True love binds you to mine aubergine?" she asked incredulously. "Doth thou even knowest what an aubergine be?"
"No. No, I think we just think a lot alike." She looked out over the ocean. "I never went to a beach. I think I hate them."
“Oh.” Jack walked around the perimeter. It was blue-tiled, obviously old. “He didn’t have a problem at the lake.”
“Move back home,” Dean said, half command, half plea. Castiel had always been a wild thing hiding in the body of something cozy, something that looked like it wanted nothing more than to stay at home, drink tea, and read a book. But Dean knew. Castiel was made of rebellion and adventure, and no amount of commanding or pleading would make him do anything he didn’t want to do.
“Blame myself? For my own son thinking he had no other choice than to lock himself away? I did. For the longest time I did.” Mary sighed, resting her head in her hands. “But it wasn’t my fault. I know that now. There’s nothing I could’ve done.” She met Sam’s eyes, and there was something lovely in that gaze. “And I know now that you were having the roughest year of your life. And that I didn’t pick up the phone either. And maybe this all is just proof that we need to work on our relationship. I’m having a baby soon, Sam. I haven’t even had them check to see what it is. I want you and I to be okay. I want this kid to have a normal life.”
The ocean shushed him softly, and he just kept screaming, face red and sand sticking to his tears. "I slept in your stupid fucking bed, because it smelled like
to lead to this? No way. If we’re gonna blame people, we’re blaming everyone on this entire shitty planet. But there’s no sense in blaming anyone, anyways. We are officially, entirely
He laughed, staring at its amber depths. "I'm in stasis," he admitted, playing with the spoon in the cup.
Rowena and Gabriel exchanged a red-cheeked look. "It's about time you got to bed Samster," Gabe said, pulling Sam away from the center of the room.
Jack ran after her, chest heaving. "What then, my sunrise, doth an aubergine hide from me? What be its foul and unsavory hidden life?" He lunged at her and she blocked with her branch.
"Yeah, he keeps running away from me." Jack shrugged, wings bouncing. "I'm sure it's these bad boys."
The sound was coming from all around him. It wasn't clear, though. It sounded like it was coming through an old walkie talkie, or like someone was playing an old home movie outside the coffin.
I was young. Like I said, it was high school. I think we were somewhere in Texas on a ghoul hunt. We had actually stayed at that school long enough that prom rolled around. I know… I know you never went to public school, but prom was this big deal. You got a date, you dressed up nice, and you spent a night at a super lame party with all your friends.
Gabe shrugged, circling his hand in the air. "Did you not wanna know? Your doctor was an idiot. It's a girl."
Castiel looked at what had been Dean’s chair, the only thing in the room covered in dust. “You don’t mean the way things were just a few days ago, do you.” It wasn’t a question.
Mary shook her head. “No. Neither of us had very good endings to our marriages. But we’re together, for as long as the world allows. And that’s that.”
"Would you like to go for a walk?" Dean suggested, ignoring the heart pieces still trying to form into a coherent shape.
Dean stared into the dark for a while, tasting the wine-soaked melody on his tongue, before translating softly,
And Castiel felt human again, for how many emotions were pouring out of him. “Dean doesn’t remember me. He thinks… He thinks I’m Alastair.”
Charlie pulled out a chair for Mary to sit in. “No. We have a pretty big network of hunters. We can still run intel stuff here but… we’re all out. As out as you can get, anyways.”
The words wrapped around her head, inside her skull, and she stepped towards craggy wings until arms wrapped around her.
Mary placed a hand on her stomach. “Valid point. What about you and Claire? What’s your plans after the wedding?”
Claire sighed and picked up her paintbrush again. “Alright. I’m starting over. But this is my last try! Sam and Mags should be back soon. And Jody and Donna should be here any minute.”
Castiel led Claire to the arch, kissing her forehead. “I believe this is where I take my leave,” he whispered, making to go.
“I want Sam to love me more than that,” Jack whispered. “I don’t want Sam to think I’m better off with someone else. I wanted
When they arrived at the lake, trees surrounding, Castiel shrugged off his trench coat. Dean watched it fall, and half his faces looked half in agony.
Ya know, I always knew that kid had a future. I think I told him congrats when he got accepted to Stanford. I helped him pack his bag, too, I think. I'm not sure. That whole day was a blur. I remember feeling numb, really. And he and Dad fought, and Sam left, and the next thing I remember I was crying in the bathroom.
Castiel hesitated, before sighing and releasing him. "I don't want to upset you, Dean. We are not enemies."
Castiel smiled, and it was like the sun had come out on a rainy day. “I love you, too, Sam,” he said.
She coughed awkwardly. “Just realized what with everything happening… Um, Claire and I are getting married in three days. Nothing major just… you’re invited. Everyone’s invited. Bad timing, I know, but—”
Dean made some noise in the back of his throat as his legs bent, thighs framing Castiel. "Fine, fine. I was— I was wrong. Jackass."
It was one of those themed diners, where it felt like it was the 20s. There was some kid a bit older than Mark working, and they nodded at each other before we sat down. Mark said he came here all the time and bought us all milkshakes.
I tried… Please, you have to believe me when I say I tried to turn back. I flared my wings and began my ascent back to Heaven. I simply couldn’t do it. But then, in my head, there was Naomi, and there was Michael, and they
Dean's fingers tightened in Sam's shirt. "You were supposed to go live a normal life. Play soccer or something."
“No! I didn’t even think of it until Donna said something so really she inspired it and—” Charlie stopped herself and took a breath. “Sam. Remember when you read Dean’s memories? All those months ago?”
It stayed there, that invisible handprint, no matter what he did, what thought experiments he performed. He thought maybe he could just rip his own face off, that maybe
Dust on Earth is grey, lifeless matter. This was not that. This, these dust clouds, were spectacular. They were many colors and shapes, made out of elements your kind hasn't even discovered yet. They would swirl against our fingertips, cloud our vision with colors. They were the embodiment of potential. They could be anything. Any bit of this could become something extraordinary.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I wasn’t aware that you were piloting this abomination. Please, direct us to the surface.”
Gabriel shrugged, face red. “Look, I won’t be able to fix your eyes for a few days, minimum. This might be a Rowena problem.”
Dean stabbed Michael in the stomach, gasping in a breath as Michael fell off of him, holding his midriff. “He knows everything, huh?” Dean asked, voice raspy. “He’s God, and he’s all-powerful, and he knows everything?”
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, removing his hands like they were burning Castiel. “Fuck I’m— I’m so sorry I shouldn’t have— You’re an angel and I— I’m a demon and—“
"That's the thing about life I don't think either of ye ever learned. It moves on with or without ye. Ye can hold onto the past as long as ye like, but it's still jest that. The past. An' ye can't make it the present, no matter how hard ye try. A day will come where ye don't think about Dean once. An' it's scary. It's downright terrifyin'. An' ye'll feel like ye let him down." Rowena pressed a soft kiss to his forehead, and he closed his eyes in pain. "Ye've been holdin' on too hard, Sam. I'm not sayin' ye've got to give up. But step back an' think about it.
God, Dean hated him. He hated him with every ounce of his being. He hated waking up, clutching at a coat or a hand. He hated the gentle timbre of his voice.
“Why do I know that you smell like ozone? Or that you wear the same size shoe as me? Why do I know that your hair is dark? That you like guinea pigs? That losing you would be the worst thing that could happen to me?” The earth shifted around them, and Dean was pushing Castiel roughly against the wall. “Why do I hear my own
"Without a doubt," Claire responded, flipping through potential shows on their pirate server. "What do you wanna watch?"
crying in my arms, Dean. People who did nothing wrong. And I took them to Heaven but that doesn’t make it
"No, Sam. I mean, I see why you feel guilty. But… don't. You're right. I would prefer to stay with Dean. Both or none."
Dean's face lit up. "Finally! A way to track time! Well, unless you're just lying about the days, too." He shrugged. "I have no idea how long has passed."
"So, I was thinking," Sam began, sneakers thumping on the dirt path, "that I've been a kind of shitty chief lately."
Fergus groaned and laid his head on the table. "Rotten, the lot of you," he grumbled. "Don't tell me, then. I don't care."
“I’m— I mean, L— Lu—“ he couldn’t make his mouth say the word, couldn’t make his lips admit what they wanted.
“I sure hope so. Look, Sam and I are at the coffee shop. I’m in the bathroom right now, but I don’t know how long I can keep him here. I’m gonna try to convince him to go to some flea markets with me.”
“Perfect.” Sam turned to the gathered crowd, eyes shining with hope and something else, something bright. “It’s time I told you all the plan.”
"I'm always an option!" There was silence, then Dean awkwardly cleared his throat. "Um, ignore that. Okay, next question: Jesus?"
Sam, this isn't permanent. It's forever, yeah, but not permanent. One day the sun will collapse in on itself and become a black hole, and the Earth and everything on it will be destroyed (though, I doubt much will be left). And on that day, my coffin will open, and I'll be out. On that day, I will see you again. You and everyone else. And you can tell me all about what adulthood was like. You can tell me what beautiful things you did with your life.
“That’s because we didn’t,” Jody yelled over the noise. “But we almost did. We lived in the same town.”
"Then yes," Maggie whispered, kissing Claire deeply, passionately, lovingly. "I'll call you my wife until every person in this Bunker gets sick of it. And then I'll do it some more."
Those days were glorious. We laid in the hot sun, splashed naked in the spring water. I found a love for the earth that Naomi had attempted to train out of me. Later on, under the blushing sky, I found a love for humanity, as well.
Dean swallowed harshly, removing his hands from Castiel as if in penance. "When… When Michael took over that second time… part of me was… was happy about it. Because it meant I didn't have to worry about that happening anymore. It happened, I couldn't stop it, and I was so stressed about that entire situation that an outcome — any outcome — was better than all the damn worrying."
Maggie winked at him. “Yeah. I know.” She stepped out to the side with one leg and Gabriel copied. “You’re invited, by the way.”
to his soul. Holy was Castiel, and all that ran from him, and all that clung to him. For though Dean Winchester was not one to worship, he fell to his knees at the altar of Castiel.
Rowena took in a deep breath and let it out. These were the hard words, the stone ones she knew. "That's the most terrifyin' thing about losin' someone. The day you don't think about them anymore."
“My original idea was a song, but then Claire mentioned this and well…” Dean grinned at Castiel. “I thought you deserved at least this. And everyone seemed to like it.”
Dean was doubled over in laughter in the line outside the theater. “Are you fucking kidding me?” he asked.
I don't know. Many traits seen in humans can also be seen in any given subset of monsters. I think humans are usually classified negatively."
Their eyes met, and neither could stop the smile on their face. “Wanna run away?” Dean asked, grinning.
Sam played with the back of his sunglasses, making them bounce up and down on his nose. He had never bothered to learn Braille, and now he kinda wished he had.
“It was my birthday today,” Sam told the covers, sitting down upon them. “Everyone showed up. It was fantastic. You would’ve loved it.”
Dean felt the crash of water against the sides of his box – his coffin. He heard the sound get muffled, felt the cold water flood in. His heart hammered. He had done well not to think of this, up unto this point. Now, he wished he had thought some more.
Dean did not stray far from Castiel. His feet stepped directly where Castiel stepped, he pushed aside the same branches Castiel pushed aside. Though Castiel walked slowly and calmly, leading, Dean walked as though he was being led to the noose.
Sam was walking along the sidewalk one day when he spotted his pet squirrel um... James, up in a tree.
Sam shook his head, the burden he couldn't even tell Claire finally lifting. "I could just hold out my hand, and when Charlie pulls me back—"
Jack tightened his arms around her in his sleep, the tell-tale soft brush of underfeathers against her arms. These were soft. These were nice.
I don’t know how clear to make this. I want to say it so you understand, so you never doubt that I was so gone on you that I would have followed you to the ends of the Earth. Romantically, deeply in love with you. You, Castiel. I’m in love with you, and I’m sorry.
Maggie, eyes shining brightly, entreated thusly, "Fair maiden! Is it thee? Art thou the handsome lad by the name of Dill who has taken mine love for his own?"
“I… I dunno. You’re the only friend I have now. You… make me laugh. I appreciate that. We’re friends.” Dean flinched. “Aren’t we friends?”
with the archangel Michael?” Castiel’s hands were shaking against Dean’s face. This wasn’t what he planned on coming back to. “What do you mean you thought he was me?”
“Angels feel it too, Dean,” Cas promised, fingers hooking into Dean’s belt loops, pulling chest and stomach together.
When Castiel pulled a demon knife out, Dean saw the desperation in his eyes, the trust, and knew this was no last-night-on-earth fling.
Dean yelled, fist colliding with Michael’s jaw. “Why are you so fucking hellbent on keeping me away from Castiel?!”
“I’ll tell you what I tell Sammy when he gets this way. You made the best decision you could with the information you had available at the time. You thought it was right, because it was God, and God was supposed to be good. But it wasn’t God, or it was God and it wasn’t good at all. Either way, you couldn’t have known, Castiel. And it would’ve happened one way or another. You did it mercifully. Naomi wouldn’t have.”
Sam laughed, even as a few stray tears slipped down his cheeks. “Hi, Mom. I’m Sam Winchester. I’m your son.”
Dean sat down on the floor, head in his hands, focused on his breathing. Because he could feel the sharp stings of roots burrowing out, finally out, into diaphragm and stomach and intestines. Petals filled up his lungs, piece by piece, until they stuck to the back of his throat.
Gabe sighed, looking up as if for support. "Creation isn't… a static thing. It's constant. Things are always being created and destroyed. But it's usually off-limits to everyone but God."
"I feel content," Dean mumbled, catching Cas's lips with his own briefly. "There's nothing I have to do down here. There's none of the stress that was always on my mind outside the water. Anything I could be stressed about doesn't matter, because I can't do anything here. It's… freeing."
baby blue tux. And Dean is sitting on the couch, trying not to laugh at me as Mark is trying to make my hair go one way.
Dean snuggled further into Castiel. "Our lives were jus' one big game o' Mousetrap. We fin'lly got caught."
“But, ya know,” Claire began, “if-slash-when Sam decides to kick us out, we’ll go from there. I still exist on paper, so we can work something out. Maybe a cute little apartment.”
"You don't need me to tell you anything," Dean rumbled. "You're a grown-ass man… angel… thing. Do you want to give up, or do you want to hold on?"
I fought and I fought, and Patroclus stayed at camp to help with the wounded. He was a good healer. He was the best of the men there.
"I…" Gabriel stared deep into Sam's soul. "I was not the only angel to wake up out there. They are my brothers. I want them back. I want to restore Heaven."
timing. I’d love to attend. I’m sure I’ve got a suit somewhere.” His face softened as he looked at the two of them. “I love you guys, and I’m proud.”
Maggie was on the screen. Mary remembered her well, how brave and cunning. She was biting her lip and grinning, and in the background, was—
holding his stomach, forehead resting on Dean’s shoulder, laughing so hard tears were running from his eyes.
There. It's there in print. I am leaving tonight for good. I'm braving the wild unknown. And maybe it's dumb, but I'm taking the knife you got me one Father's Day with me. I don't know why. I think I just want something to remember you. But I won't forget you. I won't forget Heaven, or Hell, or Cas, or any of it. These past few years have been the best years of my life. I wouldn't have done anything differently, actually. Which is weird for me to say, because we fucked up a whole lot. But I got to watch you grow into the fantastic man you are today, this majestic moose-man with too-long hair who eats grass for supper.
She nodded. “Then it is settled. For the first time ever, the borders of Heaven are opened.” She turned to another angel. “Joshua, can you make an announcement to the souls?”
Castiel beamed at him, and though Sam couldn't see it, he could feel it. "Sam, I do very much so love you. But do not waste your life on this. We
Sam was hiccupping against his chest, tears still rolling freely. "Y-you said yo-ou'd prot-tect me from the mon-monsters. I'm sca-ared."
"Cool. Cool cool cool." She rubbed her hands across her jeans, antiseptic and soap coming off. "Good luck with the computers then."
Castiel couldn’t get over the way jeans felt against his hands, the coolness of the button, the jaggedness of the zipper. He pushed them off Dean’s hips, revealing softer clothes, which he also pushed off. He was not after the many feelings of fabric. He was after the feeling of warm skin, and everything he had seen it capable of.
“Exactly. I don’t necessarily think I should have to console you about a few wet dreams about your tormentor.”
He was a commander, a soldier. His breath tasted like gunpowder when he got angry. His fingers tapped on his sides when he got impatient, playing imaginary explosives.
"Yeah? Well you can kiss my balls, dickface." Dean scratched aimlessly at the hinges. "Who made this shit show? Was it you, Alastair?"
Sam chanted, turning on the faucet and sticking his head under it. "Are you sure?" he yelled above the noise of the water.
Words had tripped from Jack's lips, words that hadn't been spoken on Earth in eons. He spoke — no. He
"Why?" she asked. She didn't ask like she was going to argue about it, was going to reassure him that he was okay.
Castiel was adjusting his tie in the mirror, wishing that Dean was there to do it for him. He missed Dean more than he could articulate, more than he could fathom. Every waking moment for a very long time, Dean had been right there. And now there was a hole in Castiel’s world.
Sam sighed. “Look. If I could convince you I’m not Michael, I would. But I know you. Anything convincing I could say, you’d just claim I was Michael reading your mind and tricking you. Admit it. There’s no way for me to prove I’m real.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” she all but mouthed. “I have pictures of when you were a baby. I wish I could’ve seen you grow up.”
"She's fine," Castiel mouthed against his lips. "Everyone is fine now." He kissed him, gently. "How long?"
Dean Winchester. It will do nothing more than drive you to insanity if you attempt to keep time." How funny, how wonderful a word that
As it settled easily into the cardboard box, she felt just a little of the weight on her shoulders leave.
Dean couldn’t help but think of a fake memory, a Michael memory, with Sam sacrificing everything for him. “This isn’t some big deal, is it? You’ve been enjoying life these past few years?”
Maggie shook her head, laughing softly. "Aww Sammy," she teased, "didncha hear? We're takin' the Winchester name."
"Well there's — I mean, it depends on how you're feeling. If you want wholesome, there's always Queer Eye and any number of cartoons. Moomin has kinda become this giant thing. And then you've got the action shows like I dunno… Yeah, here, Kim Possible and Adventure Time."
Castiel was staring down at his shoes, which were black, or at least they looked that way to Dean. He was afraid to look into Castiel’s eyes, afraid that the only thing that had ever held color for him would be that same godforsaken grey.
I have been doing nothing but sinning for you since I met you.” He moved one hand to Dean’s hair, pulling their foreheads together. “I have rebelled against Heaven, I have killed my siblings, I have all but denounced my Father in preference of you. I have committed all these holy atrocities, but the markedly
With Gabriel on one side, Rowena on the other, and family spread out across every available surface, Sam felt content. He felt happy.
He used the now-hot table to push himself up. "Hello?" he called out to the high-tech room, blinking in the harsh light.
Sam gave him a small smile that quickly melted away. “Truth is, I’m not okay. Sometimes I am, like on the camping trip we went on. But then sometimes I’m not. And everyone is worried about me, and everyone stopped their lives to take care of me, and I feel like I can’t let them down, ya know?”
Castiel's lips twitched up as he patted Dean's shoulders comfortingly. "There, there, Dean. I know it's a difficult concept for you to grasp, but there's no shame in losing to an angel. Perhaps one day you might be so good as to tie with me."
"And you think I'm going to stop trying just because you said so? News flash, Dean! I don't ever listen to authority figur—"
"They have a blue head, dark but not muted. Their belly is red, and their wings are marbled green and purple and softer, un-nameable colors."
Maggie stepped closer to Claire, unconsciously seeking comfort. "Are there really monsters out there that are
Neither said anything. Neither really moved. They just laid there with their own thoughts, for hours.
Gabriel’s eyes were wide, glancing back and forth so quickly colors were blurring. “I don’t… What is… What is all this?”
"Hmm," Castiel wondered aloud. "A happy story? Which to choose, I wonder. You've sworn off all talk of Patroclus until an indeterminate date, you already know of all that happened while I was in your company... I know!"
Sam shot him a bitch face. "We don't know yet, alright? Just... Cas said something's changed in the world."
Haeliel shook his head, looking down. “From what I understand, the demons that were once human are so again. The ones I created have ceased to exist.”
It was like he had gone colorblind. The sky was grey. The lakes were brown. Blue didn't exist, because Castiel had taken it all with him and packed it into the same overnight bag that often had littered the floor of by-the-hour hotel rooms, had been kicked under beds and laid in trunks and used as a pillow as hands had pointed up to the starry night sky. Yes, Castiel had packed the color blue and taken it with him.
"She said it made sense to her, more sense than Heaven and Hell." Jack brushed the sigil he had drawn away. "Being able to die and think about your life until the universe made sense. Realize what good and evil you had done, and then get a second chance, if you wanted it."
"Yeah. 'Cause even with the apocalypse n shit, it all led me to here. An' I like here," Dean whispered.
Michael opened a supply closet, leaving the door open behind them. He opened a few boxes and made overdramatic thinking noises, pawing through them. "Ah," he finally announced.
"You want to know why you know me, Dean?!" Castiel yelled, pushing Dean back against the wall. "You want to know why you
Dean pulled out a few different books, shuffling them in his arms until he was forced to sit everything onto a table. "I thiiiinnnnk," he drawled, yanking one out of the stack, "this one." He held out a tattered paperback.
Sam let out a long breath. “Okay.” He pulled out his seat and sat down, hands on the table. “Here we go.”
"I wanna start by telling you I missed you and I'm glad you're the one who showed up when I got out of the Empt— the dead."
“Sam!” Claire yelled out, pulling Maggie into the garage. Maggie’s arm was laced with Jack’s, and they were a train entering the room.
“Tell me about Creation. Not as in like, your childhood but... the planets,” Dean said softly, eyes open to the endless dark, imagining he could still see the sky. "The stars." Why didn’t he memorize them, all those nights he had lain underneath them? Now he could only pretend to see dots with no form, no hidden shapes. Had he forgotten the night sky, so quickly? What else had he forgotten? “Please,” he added, desperate to escape his thoughts that had begun to pound like fists.
If she had been there that night, she would have seen Sam, head in his hands and ass in the sandy mud, sea water dripping from his hair. She would have seen him scream at the ocean, seen him fall apart, seen him try again and again to swim out, only to be forced to turn back.
“Oh, baby. I know it.” Dean thumbed Castiel’s bottom lip gently, letting his fingers caress his jaw.
Dean couldn’t help the laugh that tumbled out of him, even as his chest was now soaking with frigid water.
And Castiel’s hands were holding his, and Castiel’s forehead was pressed against his own, and Castiel was singing to him. For him.
“You need them in case you hit the ball to third base while the catcher is still trying to organize a deck of cards.”
“I did, too. And he loved you. So, so much. He loved you so much, Jack. But he knew Sam would love you the same, too.”
There was silence, and then Dean was laughing so hard he was crying, clutching at his sides. "My— My
And Claire was out for the count again, sitting on the leaf litter and completely useless for anything but laughter.
“Did we have any inside jokes?” Dean turned onto his side, propping his head against his arm. “I’m totally down to revamp any of them.”
“You shouldn’t have stowed away, buddy,” Dean whispered, knowing it was too late, unable to stop the smile on his face.
She smiled fondly and rolled her eyes, replacing herself with the pillow, leaving Jack holding onto it as she trodded out of the room silently.
“Hey, hey. Shh, I’m here. It’s okay,” Dean said softly as he tried to pull Castiel away from every bad thought in his head.
Rowena huffed and waved her hand. "I'll find a spell for this later. For now, tell me what happened."
Dean frowned at a picture of Sam that everyone ooh’d and aww’d at. “I took that,” he told Sam. “That was our picture in case we ever lost you. So we could show people.”
It wasn't a bated sort of quiet, the kind of quiet that was waiting for something terrible to happen.
"I was third-wheeling. I ruined his date. Oh my god." Sam put his head on the table and groaned. "How did I just now—?"
So he turned off the shower and stepped out, squeezing the excess water from his hair and grabbing clean clothes.
Sam laughed bitterly. "My dad? My dad—" He thought back to his childhood, to all the major moments and memories that shaped him. "My dad was actually the coolest dad ever."
Sam tightened his hold on the two of them, pulling them tight against his sides. “It ain’t perfect if it ain’t got y’all,” he breathed before falling asleep.
Maggie tossed her hand upon her brow. "But at what cost, dear audience? The innocence! Hath it gone to the wind? Doth he know too well now the ways of this world?" She grabbed Jack's hands entreatingly. "Oh, dearest of dears, do speak unto mine ears. Answer me this: doth thou still haveth love for the cocoa?"
"Don't reply to this, either," Dean said, heart hammering as he brought their clasped hands to his mouth, lips soft against Castiel's knuckles.
Cas gently ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, brushing the tangles out tenderly. “Please?” Cas asked.
"You saying you'd worship me, Cas?" Dean asked, voice rough with sleep. His fingers trailed across Cas's jaw, down his neck and back up.
"I did. God, I hated Castiel for so long. I still remember what it felt like, when I was Castiel. Or maybe Castiel was me." She shook her head. "It was a nightmare. Like static inside your lungs, but everything is blinding light. Like, really blinding, like staring at the sun for years, ten inches from its surface. And you're a puppet."
Cas was grinning against his mouth, biting gently at his lips before angling out and back in, relishing the low, drawn-out noise that left Dean’s tongue.
So I haven't watched the season finale yet but I saw some spoilers and I figured y'all might need this. Plus I just had a rough go of it today and couldn't keep them apart anymore.
And the confused look on Jack's face was enough to make Claire lean against a tree, tears running down her face as she laughed uncontrollably.
“Yeah, man, I can. We get dealt shitty hands. It’s just what happens. And look, this probably won’t come out quite like I want it to, but you gotta stop overestimating yourself.”
Jody and Donna both pulled him in for a hug that left him feeling a little misshapen. “Drive safe, you two,” Sam told them, squinting in the sunlight.
Charlie rolled her eyes at Mr. Man Bun in front of her. “Noted.” She began typing again. “Hey, Jack.”
"You really..." Cas swallowed harshly, finding his anger draining. "You really should've thought about that before coming down here."
of seeing Sam again stole his breath away. He had given up his entire world for Sam. And here he was, knowing somewhere far back that Sam was usually here.
Sam leaned back in Dean's arms, reaching out chubby, shaky hands to smush Dean's face. "Come home," he begged.
Those moments of realization made Dean’s hatred worse. He wanted to strangle Castiel. He wanted to rip the bones from his flesh. He wanted to shove his tongue so far down his throat that he couldn't breathe. He wanted to know what unearthly sounds demons made when they were as close to Heaven as Dean could feasibly bring them.
was supposed to be doin', too, but I guess I fucked up somewhere along the way." Dean gave a fruitless kick at the lid of the box, giving up his search. "That's me, can't even be a good enough fuckin'
His shirt was merciless against his skin, so he tore it off. His jeans came next, too rough, too weathered. Shoes. Socks.
And there was a beat where neither moved, and then they were lost in each other's arms, face to shoulder, bawling.
Castiel weighed his words carefully. It was uncharted territory, Dean rethinking his relationship with Sam. “I think… both of you know what a healthy relationship is now. He has Gabriel and Rowena romantically, and a great deal of others platonically. And you and I spent decades discussing us, and what we expected, and how things would work. I think the only relationship you two have left to repair is your own.”
Dean looked up from where he was trying to make a grocery list, with all the misspelled words and backwards S’s. “Heya, Sammy.”
was not something Dean could ever truly believe he was, but sacrificing his mouth and tongue and throat to steal breathless gasps from angelic lips got him really damn close.
Rowena looked to Gabriel, head pressed against Sam’s chest. “We’ll bring it up again when he’s sober,” she whispered, eyes closing.
"I... I think Sam probably spends most of his free time looking for a way to save you. But I also believe he has found a life for himself."
Fergus twirled his spoon towards the ceiling. "Feathers's damned screaming woke all of us up. I thought only Dean dying would cause that."
Claire grinned. “We’ll have to get you to play Red Dead next. You’ll love it. Ya know…” Claire opened one eye, “if you ever finish
Yes yes, I know this is a day late. But I was very — shall we say — ABSOLUTELY CONSUMED by a fanfic called The Shoebox Project. It is Harry Potter and it is fantastic, so, if I write a Remus/Sirius oneshot, you know why.
“This really won’t get anywhere. I don’t know why you’re trying to torture me with this, but it won’t work.”
“So I was gonna sleep in here, because I wanted to spend part of my fortieth birthday with Dean. I don’t think that’s too much to— That’s not too much to want. When it’s just this.”
“Yeah, I heard it. Nice. I’ll give you all the time I can, but be ready soon. I’ll text you when we’re heading back.”
Claire had to cover her mouth to keep from laughing too loud. "Oh my gosh. With all of the network? Holy shit,
“There’s no extra space there,” Dean whispered, catching the hand with his own. “You already took it all.”
Gabe sighed. “How about this? I’ll throw one more pitch. And if you hit it, I drop this whole thing and we never talk about our feelings again. If you miss, you have to tell me what’s eating at ya.”
Cas watched in fascination as Dean’s eyes flickered back and forth between black and green, his hands leaving Cas’s shoulders and going to grab the tree above his head.
Once Sam was out of earshot, she ran down to the pool room, swinging the door open to see everyone lounging around.
I remember flying out to the clouds with Gabriel, before solid form existed, when chemicals were swirling mesmerizingly and we wondered to ourselves what could possibly be more beautiful.
“They called it Pesach.” Castiel closed his eyes, letting Dean’s arms ground him. “And, when they grew tired of old words, they made a new one.”
Sam looked down into his coffee, like he could read the nonexistent grounds in the mug. "Thank you."
"You said it was you and me! You and me against the whole wide world, and you'd never leave me and then you
Dean linked their fingers together. "I do. And I'm not sure how I know, but…" Dean finally stopped and opened a door. "Yeah."
"Not like we can use it, anyway." Sam sighed and reached blindly for a towel, drying his face. "Ah, um, what did you tell them?"
Because there's a bit of comfort in death, right? That sort of finality? Where you can just look back and say, 'Oh, well, Mom is in a better place now. There's nothing I can do.' But this? This isn't… This isn't death. It's not a funeral. It's… worse."
“Yeah,” Charles responded, frowning. “You can’t store people’s memories in a computer, though. They just stay in their brains.” She pressed enter and stopped cold. “Oh. Oh, fuck.”
Michael was shaking his head, eyes darting around the room. Face after face appeared and disappeared, angels and humans and things Dean didn't recognize. Michael scoured their faces, looking for something — anything.
Dean shrugged. “I dunno, man. Angels are weird.” He pointed to Fergus, who was sitting beside Castiel. “So are you in charge of him now?”
“Michael told me we’ve been down here three thousand years, and I believe him. So I… I wanna know how long ago I forgot you.”
Sam grinned at him. “Dude. Get your own place if you want. Maybe I used to be obsessed but…” He looked out at the gathered crowd, all close together and chatting and laughing. “Things have changed.”
couple? Perhaps I should start dressing like you as well. Pray tell, how many denim shirts do you own?”
Castiel nodded. “I doubt it will stay that way, but that is good to know. When the bloodlust becomes too much…” he shrugged. “Just come and fuck me, I guess.”
Neither bothered to wipe their tears, and Jody only barely managed to say, "I now pronounce you Mrs. and Mrs. Claire and Maggie Winchester" before they were kissing breathlessly.
Standing in the doorway, Dean took that moment to step into the room. “What do you mean without Cas’ grace we have no protection? This bunker is fully warded.”
Something shifted and the look in Dean’s eyes dipped, a shadow flowing over them.  “Cas,” he said solemnly, “I made a mistake.”  A pang of fear hit Cas, and he couldn’t hold in a gasp.  Dean groaned as he nipped at Cas’s bottom lip.  “Not like whatever just went through your head and put that look on your face.”  Breathing a sigh of relief and feeling embarrassed considering they were still wrapped around each and had just reiterated their love for each other, Cas closed his eyes and snorted at himself.  “Exactly, silly man,” said Dean, “Now let me explain.”  He waited for Cas to nod before continuing.  “When we started this thing, I kept you at bay as best as I could.  Keeping our worlds apart, and when that changed, I still held onto some of that.  Not between us, but about hunting.  Sam has been trying to get me to see it, but I’m stubborn so you can imagine how that went.  Anyway, being here has made me see his point.  I finally get it.  I’ve been holding on too tight.  My need to control every aspect of training and the selection process is hindering the expansion of our unit.”
Walking over to Charlie, Cas ran his hands along the wall, settling on a picture of the burned house.  It came from a newspaper in Lawrence, Kansas.  As he continued to trail his hand along the wall, he stopped on a startling document.  “CPS,” stated Cas.
A hand dropped on his shoulder and gave it a squeeze.  “She’ll be here soon.  In fact, we should hustle up and finish this search.  Those men could be here.”  Going room to room, they scoured every inch of the building.  They eventually found one of the men, body shoved into a corner.  A similar but more vicious bite wound on his neck was the only discernible injury.  Reconvening in the main room, they looked down at the bodies of the two women, or what was left of them, and gave them a more thorough inspection.  “Those teeth…Do you see that?” asked Victor, pointing at a hole in one of the fangs.
“I love you, too,” responded Dean as he sat back on his heels.  His gaze dropped to their groins.  “Interesting,” he said as he eyed their erections.
As his mind wandered, he began to truly envision Dean as a hunter.  He saw how it reflected a career in law enforcement, all the while sitting outside the purview of society.  No accolades, no support.  A lonely existence where lives are lost with little to no recognition.  The unfairness of it made Cas groan in frustration.  The sound reverberated off the window and his breath fogged the pane of glass, clouding his reflection.  He traced a finger through the moisture before placing his palm on the surface, obscuring the last vestiges of his image.  He did not like the person he saw, so the gesture eased some of his tension.  Staring at the back of his hand, he remembered the intimate moments in which he traced Dean’s body, running his fingers over his heated flesh.  The gasps and moans he elicited from the other man.  The way Dean arched into his touch, always seeking out a connection.  The whines he heard when he pulled away too quickly or without warning.  Dean craved touch, and Cas had loved providing it.  Sighing he leaned back from the window and closed his eyes, feeling a lick of arousal in his groin.  With a shake of his head, he shoved those thoughts aside, willing away the beginnings of an erection.  The action was too late.
Dean seemed to shake himself out of his stupor to address Bobby.  “When we are out of here, you are telling us.  All of it because I have to tell you I am fucking sick of secrets.”
He opened his mouth and a strangled sound came out. “Hey, hey. Wait. Let me get you some water before you try again.” Cool water slid down his parched throat. He repeated the action a second time and then opened his mouth. This time a whispered, garbled word left his mouth. “Hello.”
“Yeah, Cas, I’m yours, and you’re my angel.”  The words were out before Dean thought about their implications.  In his mind, he often referred to Cas as his angel.  Others had vocalized it, taunting him with it.  Dean never bothered arguing with them.  He always told himself it was because it would only embolden his enemies, but maybe it ran deeper than that.  Cas referred to their bond as profound, and it was in so many ways.  His thoughts halted abruptly when Cas moaned painfully.  “Sorry, guess this position isn’t the best.”  Trying to shift Cas into a more comfortable position was easier said than done.  The angel clung to Dean with surprising strength.  “That seems like a good sign.  Still got some of your angel strength,” Dean said as he pried Cas’s hands from his shirt.  Gently, he laid him down next to him.  His plan was to get himself some breakfast, but he remained in the bed.  Feeling Cas’s body heat and listening to his breathing brought immeasurable comfort, and Dean soaked it in until his stomach grumbled loudly.  Cas twitched at the sound.  “All right, I guess that’s my cue.  I’ll be back in a little bit, Cas.”
how hard it is to move on when your dead father comes to visit you? When you can see his face but it's not— it's not him, right? He's not going to sing you another lullaby. He's not going to give you a hug when you make a good grade. He's not going to ground you for acting out. He's just a fucking stone-faced angelic tax collector. It's not him." Claire took a shivering breath. "But it's his face. And it's his voice, kinda. And sometimes it still acts a bit like him, and for half a second you forget that your dad is dead, because he's standing right there in front of you. And you want everything to be okay again, and you think it is, but then the veil lifts and it's all fucked ten ways to Tuesday again. But you can't forget. Because if you forget… then there's nothing left of him."
Castiel smirked at him from the seat to his right.. “Are you not entertained, brother?” he whispered in English.
“No.” Dean crossed his arms, rubbed the side of his face against his shoulder. It still felt warm, still felt like
Castiel hid his smile. “Yes well, for the sake of sharing secrets…” he side-eyed Dean, “I might have also thought of this once or twice.”
Claire saw Dean's face in the stars. "You used to tell me stories," she told him, "about the stars, and what they meant. That's why we came up here. It was my favorite thing."
“Bitch,” Gabriel deadpanned at Sam, sending him into giggles so loud they had to pause in the healing. “You want a kiss with that? You know I’m happy to oblige.”
Dean pushed Michael’s face away, grabbing his shirt and hauling him up to his face. “Or maybe you didn’t notice how
Title taken from "There Is A Light That Never Goes Out" by The Smiths (extra super duper special shout-out to avengercastiel for recommending this song!!! It's so perfect!!!!)
“I can see you, you know. All raging and smokey and black. Little bit demonic there, bud. You’ve got a lot bottled up.”
"Four hours, I'm sure," Rowena cut him off. "But ye can thank those feathery beasts over there for that. I imagine Jack will remain half-asleep until we find a way to put those back on the plane they came from."
"Cas, buddy, you've been carrying all of my shit since the day you got involved in my mess. I wanna help you back. If you'll let me."
Castiel hid his hand under the table and formed a cupcake out of thin air. “For you. I’ll bribe you to stay awake with sweets,” Cas teased.
Cas shrugged as if it didn’t matter to him and gestured. “Then, please do.” He pulled off his suit jacket and tossed it aside, tie quickly following.
“I’m sorry I’m just… so happy to see you again.” Sam shot him a shy smile. “How have you been? What’s it like down there? Dean and I never get to talk about that. We have a schedule, see, to make sure everything stays in line.”
Cas scooted over to the DVD player, pressing the button to open the slot while simultaneously opening the case.
We had many good years, training with an old soul named Chiron on the mountain. We were sent to learn human combat techniques.
wait, no. Oklahoma. It was in Oklahoma, and Sam and I were little kids. Dad was hunting who-knows-what, and we were in town for a couple of months. So we signed up for school.
“I don’t know how yet,” he began, holding Dean’s face in both hands, “but we will fix you. I promise that.” He made the mistake of looking into those green eyes, and they held him, wide and worried and trusting and very very close.
“I…” Sam sighed. “The more I visit you, the more stable your signature gets. We can lock onto it easier the more we try. But time isn’t… It’s not
Cas had found out. Of course Cas had found out. And he had researched and researched until he knew the name, knew the cause, knew the cure.
You said forever, Dean!" Castiel pulled Dean forward only to smash him back against the wall. "You said you would love me
And he was coughing hard, but it didn't hurt anymore. His lungs were numb. He could feel flowers forcing their way past his lips, and his coughs were no longer making any sound.
“I will follow you from now on,” Dean promised anyway, legs tightening around waist. “I will follow you w-without hesitation.”
Dean groaned, his head pounding. “It’s your own damn fault you’re down here! Don’t go blaming me!” He kneed Michael in the groin, but nothing happened. “If you hadn’t
“This entire world is interesting,” Bobby admitted, looking for screws. “Nothing constantly lookin’ over your shoulder, nothing huntin’ you. It’s relaxing.” He handed Jody a few screws. “I like it here. But I am sorry about your Bobby. Mary told me you were friends.”
"Umm, I have a spell book here somewhere. We're gonna need Charlie, too. Mostly because she'd kill us if we made one without her."
"I've got to keep us on the same timeline and if time isn't linear that makes it five million times harder, but
Castiel sighed, looking around Dean's old room. There were people outside, family who loved them and missed them.
He begged me to return to fight, after some time. I couldn't tell him that I was choosing him, that Heaven had stakes in this and I did not want them to win.
Sam grimaced. "Yeah. I know. I'm not— I'm not incompetent, you know. There are stages of grief and you three are…" He sighed. "You three are in the anger stage. I get it."
Sam was pushed and shoved to the side of the room, and everyone but him laughed as a baby photo of him in a duck suit came on.
Mary laughed softly. “Jody and Donna have already requested to be called aunts when the time comes.”
Dean walked down the hall, looking at the pictures hanging up. "Are these all the pictures I took on that dumb disposable camera?" Dean asked, grinning as he took one off the wall.
“Dammit,” Dean whispered, feeling horns solid and yet intangible again in his hands. “Fuck, Cas, kiss me again.”
Michael shook his head. “Not many. Those with unfinished business are… already on Earth, anyways,” he said wryly. “No, it was mostly a few souls from Hell, and even then, most opted to be invisible.” He sat down in a chair heavily. “Humans understand loss better than we give them credit for.”
And Gabe thought now would be a bad time to mention that Castiel had once asked him the same questions, eons ago, about God. “Because the world isn’t fair, and it asks us to make decisions that have no right answer.”
Cas pulled back to stare into Dean's eyes. "Dean," he said in all seriousness, "that's not statistically possible."
“Gabriel said… at the end… when their final attempt didn’t work at first… Sam had moved on. He had agreed to a funeral. Things were gonna get better. Cas…” Dean reached out to touch the table, but instead pulled his hand back, “what if things go back to the way they were?”
Castiel watched him, watched all of him, and shook his head, coming to stand so close to him that Dean could feel the electricity in his bones.
Afterwards and inside, Gabriel held up what he knew was Sam’s favorite movie, and Sam laughed and told him to put it on.
They didn’t talk much. In fact, they didn’t talk at all. The heavy pounding of sneakers on travelled path filled the silence, and neither felt words necessary.
"Yes. Quite tragically, actually. I'm old. You know that. I was made to be old, to live forever. He was not."
Dean’s entire body tensed as water rushed back into his lungs and he desperately tried not to convulse.
Everyone was laughing and sharing stories, taking selfies with Maggie and Claire, and demanding they kiss again.
“With the borders open, we’ll be able to come and go as we please. We’ll obviously be here a lot, but… Cas and I… can’t deal with all these people all the time.”
"Beg me," Michael crooned, caressing Dean's face with his fingers, clenching them around his jaw, his throat. "
Castiel pulled Gabriel’s forehead against his own. “Her time will come. You and I? We have to move past this.”
Raphael turned to the angel, face blank. “Ah, yes. Naomi. How wonderful of you to voice your opinion. Is there anyone else?”
Maggie held Claire's hands tightly. "Claire, you absolute sap. I love you. You're my oasis in the desert. And I tell you every night how much you mean to me, but let me tell you again now. I didn't realize life could be okay again when I got here. It all seemed too good to be true. And then you came along, and you were so bold and beautiful. Your wild fury left me breathless. Your daring nature uprooted my soul. When I am unsure and unsteady, you're more than my rock. You're my left side, part of me, embedded in me. I have known your darkest depths, and I am not afraid. I love you, Claire. Marry me."
And I would want to tell him who I was, why I was there, but my mission was sworn to secrecy. So I would smile back, and say, "I'm far more god than you."
The box hitting the bottom of the ocean did not thud. It did not bounce, or rattle, or even disturb the two men singing old songs together where no human had been before.
Dean pulled back in a useless attempt to look into his eyes. "And this is what you want? Not what you feel you have to do?"
“I realize now that Purgatory was not when I fell in love with you. It was just when I figured it out.” Dean touched his own chest. “See, every time I’ve looked at you, from when you first barged into that barn to when you came back to me, I’ve felt it. Right here, in my chest. I’ve always loved you, Castiel. But, even as I say that, I can look at you. Here, in front of me.” Dean held Castiel’s face in his hands, eyes shining with love. “And the way I feel now? I don’t think I’ve ever been so entirely gone on you as I am right this moment. I keep thinking I know what love is, and then you smile, or you laugh, and I realize it’s more vast than I ever imagined.” He thumbed away the few stray tears that had rolled down Castiel’s frozen face. “I would like to spend the rest of my life exploring the vastness of us.”
