John looked up to see Mycroft standing at the entrance of the door. How can the British Government act so differently after kidnapping him from the middle of the night and forcing him to come here, now Mycroft was smiling an exasperated face full of pity at him.
"Why are you so interested in me smiling? There are far more interesting subjects you can find to entertain yourself with," John groaned. Sherlock was very intrigued. What is it that is making John not want to smile? Was it that bad? Some childhood trauma? New questions bloomed in his head.
"I need you to make a promise."
He finally came across a room shared by four people, and three spirits. The door was covered in 'keep out' and 'danger' tape, so he deduced it meant the room belonged to a young teenager. John could only assume that the same teen was left in charge of the kids. If the kids were left with adults then the adult would've also taken off their shoes, but there were only three pairs of shoes outside. Toddler-sized. So the someone else in the room had to be the owner, the teen, who went by their own rules.
"Oh, stop sprouting utter nonsense!" Harry interrupted, "We're holding a meeting here because of a family incident."
"Hello."
John, let me see your face.
The detective inspector is not convinced and asks Mrs Hudson for 221C's keys, only to be notified that Anderson had already decided to open that door and found nothing. The DI sent the forensic police a disarming smile but was still not satisfied that the dimwit has not fully learned his lesson. And (Stupid!) Anderson believed Sherlock was the one who liked messing with the crime scenes!
Hilarious, absolutely undeniably hilarious. Sherlock had tears streaming down his face.
Before he could open the door, it opened itself smacking his left hand.
He looked up as the doors opened, "Finally on time, for once."
I am terribly sorry for the hiatus.
Sherlock was pacing back and forth in front of NSY. John decided to ignore the detective staying put in one place.
It was only a matter of time before the consulting detective found out who, or what, exactly sent the blond to the one and only; Sherlock Holmes.
"I-I don't-"
The spirit stood up and cautiously waited for the older Holmes to put his books and bags down. The child was a genius so far as John could tell and Sherlock would definitely follow his footsteps.
"You-You can
Mike Stamford, a medical colleague, grinned at John's direction, "It's because he fell in love."
"Picked him up at the crime scene, thought he might be useful," Lestrade pulled a chair and sat down, "He actually was, well helpful. Don't look at me like that, this guy helped us a lot. He even gave us some hints on how the death was caused."
"Sir, he disappeared a few seconds after the punch landed."
missed calls.
"Wow, you speak with your mouth closed?"
"That was the most ridiculous thing I've ever done."
Mike shrugged, "I heard this happened once, don't you remember? Years ago, this one spirit decided he just couldn't split with his child. He eventually went missing, but there were rumors that he managed to become a human."
"I know that Watson is in Baker Street right now, but my cameras picked him up at two different locations a few hours ago. Your doctor walked out of the alleyway seconds after you left the restaurant Gregory invited-"
Lestrade hopped out of the chair as quickly as he could and sighed, "Sherlock, I'm here because I'm concerned about you."
He pouted when he got no response. "Busy day?"
"Pity. Did you bring all of your belongings? Wouldn't want to move in without your stuff, now?"
"Sir, are you alright?" Another person stepped closer to help.
No response huh, maybe it was his conscious. After all and those last words he heard were just Mycroft's grand illusions.
The detective watched as John contently ate his pasta, not even noticing that Sherlock was staring intently at him. The blond was obviously a soldier judging by the stance, manner, and haircut. John also had slight indications of a limp, possibly psychosomatic the good soldier stood perfectly fine with out any support. Most likely caused by an original traumatic experience, wounded in action.
"John, I need you to smi-,"
It was risky but he decided to knock on the door before he was caught, but it was also either fate or misfortune when Donovan opened the door.
"I'm sorry?"
John wrenched his hands out of Sherlock's grip, for God's sake the man had his own phone. He made a face at Lestrade's amused expression.
John was a few shades paler after Sherlock had finished speaking.
Sherlock patted his left cheekbone and stubbornly stated. "Not."
The dazed man sat there glancing at Sherlock with a stunned expression. Sherlock noticed recognition as one of the multiple expressions flying across the small man's face. Strange. Lestrade pulled the blond up.
"Here is my sound explanation; I
"That's it?",  John scowled at the little information.
funny!" He lifted his head to see a very flushed doctor. Control yourself Sherlock, he twisted his lips.
"Thank you," John barged into the house letting his instincts pick up the surroundings and which room was which.
"Mister?"
"Doctor John Hamish Watson, apologies for having to put you through all this trouble."
Sherlock needed to see to the blue eyed, blond haired again. This John Watson was a lovely new puzzle, an enigma, shrouded in riddles**, who a perpetual positive air around and about him.
Sherlock glared at John, "Fine, I'll throw it in the trash."
"You think?" A huff replied.
"That wasn't just me."
John nodded his head with confidence. That was a lie, John was actually cold-sweating as he exited the restaurant into the night's cool air.
"I hate you!" And it closed.
Sherlock contemplated the fact whether John was actually a witness or a spy paid by Mycroft to stalk over Sherlock.
"You again, don't tell me Sherlock sent you," Donovan glared at John. Just go with the flow.
"John, I need to find the antidote."
John felt the familiar tugging, his mouth began to twitch. He broke into a grin and smiled. John looked up and saw Sherlock smirking, fascinated by his smile. Not good, definitely not good. Sherlock should be afraid of him when he smiled, instead he was just sitting there mesmerized. Great.
Then Lestrade gave up on trying to make the two more sociable, and excused himself.
That'll be explained in the next chapters.
"And the the 'Great Sherlock Holmes' does it again, how in the world do you manage to find the keys all the time?" John snatched the keys from Sherlock's grasp before the detective would make him look like a nuisance of himself.
"I enjoyed talking to the kids."
"What's that?," Lestrade pointed at the scribbles on top of the heads, "Are they birds?"
Sherlock decided to observe the blond, "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
He's a lost
. With
"What do you mean fall in love?" John sputtered.
"Found it!" Sherlock exclaimed.
... ...
"Sherlock, stop!" Lestrade commanded.
"Nothing, just: 'Welcome to London.'"
to murder. You daft idiot," John scowled. Of course. There is no reason for John to feel like murdering someone, let alone want to murder. He's a doctor.
, Lestrade clenched his jaw.
This was more than wrong. Oh God, this was Not Good.
He spun around, his eyes widened when he saw the detective inspector had disappeared. No, this wasn't supposed to happen; Lestrade was supposed to be there, there was no corridor or room for him to disappear to. For the first time since his childhood, Sherlock felt a sense of dread creep into his spine.
, who believes he himself is the smartest person in the world. Anderson, it was already bad enough to even describe the benign idiot as having half a brain cell.
Within seconds Sherlock was inside the living room, Lestrade grudgingly tailed the detective upstairs and waited patiently for the genius to say something as he looked through a microscope.
Sherlock groaned.
This must be a joke; no one can possibly disappear into thin air. Especially in an explosion (which is usually more gruesome). Well, even being vaporized shouldn't mean your clothes were left behind.
Oddly that was all John could see before Mycroft swiftly closed the file after less than a second. Then Mycroft's phone pinged.
"Wha-"
"I'm sorry? You said you feel like you want to murder people when you smile?"
"You're enjoying this aren't you?"
A sudden chill came over John, sure that someone was staring at him. And definitely not from the usual gaze, usual eyes. He turned to find Sherlock grinning at him, giving one of his 'interested' looks. Not good, not good at all. John mentally panicked as Sherlock strode toward him after dismissing himself from Sally's company.
"Sure go ahead, I'm sure they won't utter a single word in our direction. Let alone to a 'friend' of Sherlock Holmes. They don't even act like normal kids. Hiding around the corners, if you ask me I think they need a mental hospital."
The blond's breath hitched and he paused. Should he tell the truth? "I'm John."
like helping.
Sherlock half-heartedly tidied up the place while tossing couple of folders into a box and grabbed a bunch of envelopes and stabs them with a multi tool knife on the mantelpiece.
W_H: I like to see you injured.
"Mycroft has some sort of pressure plate that would activate his security if you sat on that chair. I took a tedious amount of time trying to disable most of his cameras; Lestrade, I wouldn't sit there if I were you."
Sherlock shook his head and frowned, there was a waxy paper that was sticking out from beneath the files. Sherlock pulled out the piece article and blinked.
The retired army doctor waited for the right moment to jump at his cheese(not Sherlock's) because the lazy-arsed detective did not seem to care whether John would get injured. The consulting detective remarked that all men would die one day. Before the soldier got out to punch the git, Sherlock said that he would be very disappointed if his Boswell(er, Blogger) left him all alone.
"Who?" John's heart fluttered with hope.
John has a secret, he can't smile.
not prepared for Sherlock's game.
He grinned when John suddenly paused in front of the door, Sherlock had already set the whole 'interrogation' room up.
"He's awake! Human subject is awake!" One of the people within the crowd shouted.
The door suddenly banged open to a flustered Harry Watson.
John yelped loudly causing his momentary hyperventilation to choke him.
John sighed and shoved his plate off to the side of the table and then cleared his throat. "Well. I spoke with the children, thought they might have seen something. Turns out B-,
“Gloves.” Mycroft said over his shoulder as he disappeared down the hallway.
"Y'ike a her'bit c'ab?"
Greg rolled his eyes; "Of course you do," he sighed, and helped Sherlock hop of the counter. "Once Mycroft gets Jawn to bed, you can have your surprise."
"Yea, hel'b p'inish the ca'ge," Sherlock agreed, his mouth already full of frosting.
"Because you tend to stay inside all day...like a hermit."
Mycroft dumped the next cup of water over the indignant little detective without ceremony, his gaze now directly focused on the bath’s only other occupant. “Well, now there’s a surprise,” he said flatly, over Sherlock’s choking and spitting noises.
Sherlock quickly stepped back and hugged his bunny close. "...I scare G'eg?" he asked quietly, looking like he very much knew that he had.
"N'nnnnnnnn," Sherlock covered his bottom at the mention of the hairbrush.
"Can'les for my bir'fday," Sherlock sang, and licked his fingers all over again.
Sherlock's eyes get huge at the enormity of what John is saying, "Noooo Daddy. I was trying to cammuni...comoon..." He stops, flustered.
"Yes, you do." Mycroft peeled off his gloves and handed them to the baby; "Here, put these away, sweet boy."
The beeping was steadily growing in volume.
The timer on the microwave beeped, and Greg turned his back to the baby and smirked. A cute little mite like that was awfully hard to say 'no' to. "Let's see if your friends finish all of their dinner first," he said, and checked the temperature of the food with his finger.
Mycroft squawked when someone pinched his bum. Whipping around he found Sherlock looking oblivious and Greg looking smug.
“We’ll see. Let’s get coats on and see what flavours they have.”
“I told you that it was a toy for outdoors. Are we outdoors, Jawn?” Mycroft asked, his eyebrow cocked.
“Enough!”
Another cursory search of the room also left Mycroft with a pair of clean pajama bottoms, and a t-shirt. "Oh, thank God," he muttered, burying his nose in the fabric and taking a deep breath. "No baby powder."
Normally, once he wakes up, one of the first things Mycroft does is check his phone...and that's just what eh had done, before coming downstairs. He'd had another text from John, asking how Sherlock was.
Molly dropped her hands and offered the pen light to Sherlock. The baby hesitantly took it from her and fiddled with it. "It's just a light. I want to shine it in your eye to make sure your eye is healthy. It won't be comfortable, but it shouldn't hurt."
"Of course they will. It's a matter of 'when', not 'if'."
"I'll get 'em in a minute. Let's finish getting undressed first." Greg carefully pulled Sherlock's onesie up and over his head.
“You both are going to sit on the step if I find Jawn in the shed,” Mycroft announced, stepping out the back door with a sniff.
Mycroft took out his phone and snapped another picture…one more for the scrapbook. "Hurry up, boys, before the water gets cold.”
"Then I will be staying
"My'coff!" Sherlock's little heart sank, and he stopped in his tracks. "I don' wan' s'eep by myself!"
It had rolled nearly all the way into the sitting room, and was now dripping milk from it's spout.
“Jawn, two oughta f'ree, Jawn?” Sherlock pouted as Mycroft tipped his head back to rinse his hair.
“Easy,” Mycroft wrapped an arm around Jawn’s waist and tugged his blanket down off his face. “Jawn needs to put his bottom on the sofa.”
"Poor baby."
"Yes daddy. But it was useless. I kept getting harangued by blokes trying to buy me a drink. The suspect got away."
"No." Mycroft made no move to turn off the DVD, though, and instead leaned against Greg.
“Are these the same heroes that were on your plasters this morning?”
“Thank you, Jawn.”
"You can have more berries."
Sherlock stuck the tip of one finger into the center of it. "Is c'od," he said, nodding satisfactorily.
"Awwww, really?!"
"Noooooo, they isn'd y'ost!"
"They don't start recording unless something triggers them, Gregory. Until then, they just monitor."
"And this is one of those times?"
Jawn looked surprised, then triumphant, then suspicious. All expressed quite vividly without removing his cup from his mouth.
"At times." Mycroft rubbed Sherlock's leg over the blanket. "It does make it worse, loving John as well."
Mycroft turned him towards Sherlock, so he could latch on to someone else. “Yes, green.” He should have known that would be a magic mute button. “What else would you like?”
“Precisely,” Mycroft called over his shoulder as he entered the dark nursery. He tried to set Sherlock down on the cot, but the baby wailed and clung tighter. “Oh, for heavens sake!” He propped Sherlock’s bum against the bed and strained to flip on the bedside lamp.
“Not at the time. Though I’m not sure how I feel now.” Sherlock stuck out his tongue.
"Does your Daddy enjoy listening to you talk about things you don't like as well?" Greg asked, pulling the shirt over Sherlock's head.
"THANK you," Greg said, and stuck his tongue out at Mycroft. "At least someone can appreciate fine art around here."
Sherlock laid his head on his brother's shoulder. "S'ill hur'ds, My'cob."
Mycroft chuckled…the pair was certainly a handful, but they were an adorable handful. “…It’s an awfully cute padded bum, though, you have to admit.”
“Christ. What have I done?” Mycroft wrinkled his nose as Jawn ate a fist full of pasta, sauce smearing across half his face.
Jawn turned into the touch, ignoring Mycroft taping up his nappy. “Kinda.”
"Then get back into bed, muffin."
"Unless we want crunchy cupcakes," Greg said.
"Where'd you learn how to do that?"
"I don't think Mycroft is gunna agree to three."
"Y'ost in'na c'yoset?"
"I just wanna be clear."
Sherlock held his arms up; "You don'd wan'd bee'ds?" he asked, waiting.
"But your rewards could be picking out our takeaway supper, or getting extra time for your experiments." He could feel the boy's smile through his jumper at the last one.
Greg ushered Sherlock into the nursery, and helped him climb up onto the changing table. "Why didn't you want to sit and read a story with your brother, sweetheart?" he asked as he popped the snaps on the baby's onesie.
"I don't want a bisque. I don't even know what that is," he grumbled, throwing his arm over his face. He stayed that way for a few moments before huffing and sitting up. It wasn't fun to pout if no one was paying attention.
"You fibber," Mycroft groaned as he stood up, the baby half limp with sleep. "I catch you in the big bed even when you're big."
"This is a different kind of tan. The kind you get on holiday."
"But I want that one! It’s got the bear on it and it’s mine!”
"I'sh mornin', G'eg."
"Open the toys so we can put new batteries."
"Myyy'cofff," Sherlock whinged tearfully and tried again to lean out of the way; "S'oppit, p'ease!"
"...Noodle?"
bad. He watched Mycroft stand, craning his neck to look up at him, and took his offered hand.
Greg and Mycroft exchanged glances.
"Uh, it was after we had cereal...like, seven this morning, maybe? 'Round then."
John pulled back to look at his face. Sherlock knew from past experience that he looked as miserable as he felt. Daddy scrunched his nose and made a show of checking his watch.
"The lilies did come in very nicely this year," Mycroft agreed, snatching a piece of toast from the plate Greg put in front of Sherlock.
Mycroft crossed his arms and stood in the doorway to the kitchen, staring at him.
"N'ah me'zzzzzine. Beeeezzzzzzz."
"I'm sorry I got shouty earlier."
“And bees. Which are also yellow.”
"That was dirt, not feces."
"Ou'd, ou'd, wan' ou'd," Jawn cried over and over as he reached through the bars with his good arm to clutch at Greg's shirt.
"You had it last."
"Pain' a roses red?"
"You're an odd little duck."
"You've been up with him twice now."
Mycroft gave him a 'look' over his shoulder, then turned back to the stove.
"Would you like a toasted cheese sammie?" Mrs. Hudson leaned past the door frame to eye the sulking detective. She sighed loudly and put down her block of cheese.
Greg shrugged; "Then the nappy cream is definitely out."
"For now. Last cupcake?"
"Apology accepted, even if it was a little warranted," Mycroft admitted. "It was not my intention to seem like I was keeping things from you."
"Sit down and buckle your seatbelt." Mycroft barked as he bodily forced Sherlock back and into his seat. Mycroft sat down and extended his arms, helping guide Jawn into the seat beside him.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose and giggled; "C'ack, c'ack!"
"You bet your arse I do!" Greg crowded up beside Sherlock as the detective started to pry the package open. "We'd practically be able to watch you wet your nappies with it!"
Jawn pulled his thumb out of his mouth and squeezed his small hand into a fist.
"...light," Greg sighed.
"Yes, willingly. Which makes me question your motives all the more so I can figure out why in the hell it all makes perfect sense and why--" Here, Mycroft paused.
“Whomever wins…” Mycroft considered this for a moment. “Whomever wins, is not required to clean the kitchen when you’re both big again.”
"P'yay wif Peanu'd." Sherlock's voice sounded even more stuffy when muffled by the plush elephant. "Wa'sh mo'bies wif Peanu'd."
parts.
of powder whooshed from beneath his bum; "A bit?"
Sherlock pouted and looked down into the cup, where the water looked more black than green. "Waste?"
"All clean. Pick yourself out a bib."
"Any'fin?"
“I’ve already added the soap. Come clean up these tomato spots.”
Sherlock eyed it dubiously before snatching it up and finding their text conversation. "You were...civil."
"I y'ike milk." Sherlock took Mycroft's hand and let himself be led out of the kitchen. "G'eg?!" he called back.
"Why come?"
"Gregory!" Mycroft snapped.
"Don't shout." Mycroft whisked down said 'lucky' pants. "We'll have to wait our turn."
"Noooooo! I can'nah see my own ne'g!"
"Hey, Sherlock, look!" Greg tore open the package of biscuits and put one in Sherlock's hand. "Look, there's a biscuit!"
Mycroft was just putting his phone away when the other two men ambled into the kitchen. "Oh my God, you showed him those hideous things."
“Yes, I see that. It’s still getting turned off.” Mycroft searched the sofa cushions for the remote Jawn had dropped.
"You little..." Greg muttered as he stooped to his knees and sat on the floor in front of Sherlock, then grabbed the baby's ankles and pulled him on over anyway.
Not that he could feel any underneath the sleeper, anyway. But, part of him still felt compelled to check.
Mycroft set the container of juice down, also watching and waiting (and getting ready to intervene if needed).
"Princess celebrity?"
Greg frowned and sheepishly kicked at the floor. "...S'rry."
"Well, shame on Mycroft...stealin' toast from a baby," Greg tutted, and sat down.
"Atta'g you bum?"
"You're both a pair of sops."
“Meddle with my life?”
Mycroft shot him a deadly glance and swung the door open. "You are very lucky you are helping Jawn at the moment, Gregory Lestrade."
Sorry for not updating, I just never really realised that a
"Wait. You told him?" he hissed.
The spirit giggled, it was kind of funny how they crossed paths. Although, were they
I'm talking to you!" The man leaned out the window and shook a fist at John.
Mummy took them out to a friend's private mansion one day, and they stayed overnight for his birthday party. Sherlock was seven years old and still close to John as ever.
he even
Lil Sherlock's light grey eyes slowly trailed up to his best friend's shoes, jeans, jumper, and finally up to his friend's eyes.
Inside there was a little pouch of dirt, finally, a hint.
The world was
to stand next by him when he was conducting an experiment of pouring 10% hydrogen peroxide on dead body parts.
Sherlock ignored him, swivelling toward the direction of his own room coming back with a camera and some papers. John frowned; what was Sherlock going to do, interrogate him by  using peer pressure with his penetrating gaze?
Lestrade is a bit startled by the ringing of his phone seconds after he wrote everything down.
John turned around just in time to catch a glance of a few locks of dark brown hair before it disappeared from his sight. A feeling of déjà vu crawled up his back.
"Yeah he's alright, let me just take Anderson to Mrs H."
"Who are you, and what did you do to Sherlock?" John responded.
going to be like Myc at this point..."
The voice hissed,
, this here is John," Lestrade waved at John. Then jabbing Sherlock in the head Lestrade announced, "John. May I introduce to you the most troublesome git in the world, Sherlock Holmes."
"John. Do me a favour," Sherlock said sternly.
Sherlock promptly lifted the corners of John's lips; it looked ridiculous. It wasn't a real smile at all, and that made it worse. Sherlock sucked in air to keep from laughing.
"Did you hear that too?" Lestrade glanced quizzically at the British Government.
Let's just call John's smile, the most creepiest smile on Earth.
The cabbie yelled in his direction. Unlike any other sensible person, John stood still and froze at the phrase. He looked around for another possible living beings the driver was shouting at and saw nothing. He jerked his head back at the beeping coming from the cab, adrenaline nearly tipped his whole body backwards. Impossible.
"The boy," John blurted too quickly, Sherlock noticed that the blond was playing with bracelet on his hand again. "He saw a man with a cap and glasses, but the woman arrived in a cab with no one else and was found dead next."
When his phone rung for the fifth time Sherlock nearly chucked the item out the window. Fuck Mycroft and his pompous arse, his brother was probably spying on him right now at the very moment.
"What the actual fuck," the human said before punching John in the face.
"Oh my God." Harriet gasped, "John?"
"Sorry?" The blond startled. His close-cropped hair flew up, the tan lines on his face paled a bit, and his near perfect posture faltered a bit. All hinted toward military.
"Basically just a cab that happened to slow down."
"Sherlock, there's nothing. Hey-!"
(See the end of the chapter for
Interesting. Something new, oh this could be very interesting. Sherlock bored his eyes into John's head, eager to start his new experiment.
"It's okay Ms Hudson, you just scared me that's all," Lestrade slowly sat up and dusted his trousers. In reality his bum was feeling rather injured, the Detective Inspector grimaced as he stood up. Mycroft turned to the small lady and asked if she had seen or heard any strange noises not long after the explosion.
Sherlock raised a brow, "Lestrade, another one of your idiot friends? I hardly could say that our judgement's intact, you left him outside."
"Isn't that about- £400? Sherlock, are you
"I'm not-"
John frowned.
Obviously this kid sitting in front of him wasn't his counterpart's, heck the guy only told him when to advance. It was a peculiar sight, even as a specialised medical-soldier spirit, he's never seen a child with a head full of silver hair before especially this late in the melanocyte-clock. There also wasn't any sick or unhealthy vibe coming from the boy.
write this but I can still cause myself to want to read more. (^~^)"
Sherlock snapped out of his trance.
"Mind your language," John blurted out, nearly face-palming himself. Not what he was trying to say.
forget you, ever," John murmured as he pulled away from young Sherlock, "I have to go."
John froze under the point-blank range of the first assailant's Sig Sauer P226R and reluctantly put both of his hands behind his head. He yelped when another guy forcefully held both his wrists together and shoved him out the door.
"What the hell was all that for?" he demanded. Sherlock could at least give a reason for all his childish nonsense.
"Good, and we're not going."
Sherlock ended up being punched at in the guts for trying to bend the deal into an experiment. John wasn't stupid.
"That's it, thank you Mrs Hudson. I'll take care of him," Sherlock pushed his landlady lightly towards the door. The detective bent down and whispered, "I'll pay for him later."
Below the scribble was a crude smiley face or at least it looked like one, Sherlock hoped. The consulting detective put both pages down next by one another on the desk and sat down, the drawing most likely belonged to Mycroft and by the looks of it had never been touched for over 20 years.
"I see you've finally awaken," said a voice from behind him, making John jump.
"No... I don't. I saw your pictures, er..."
"Stay put. Right now, Sherlock. I'm sending a car to pick you up," Mycroft commanded which made Sherlock scowl.
Revised: The whole chapter (6/5/17), (1/16/18)
"He'll be taking the room upstairs, Mrs Hudson," Sherlock responded before John could protest. The blonde gave Sherlock a murderous glare before smiling at Mrs Hudson and then followed the landlady into the flat.
Only to be stopped by the same woman be saw before behind some yellow tape. John frowned at her and was about to say something before a plaque was shoved into his face.
"Lovely tone as always brother mine. I'm calling in regards of the good doctor you have in your flat right now."
"Flattery," Lil Sherlock stuck his tongue out, and slowly sat up while holding the bird to his chest, "And don't call me Sherly."
"Afghanistan. Sorry, how did you...?" John said smiling. Sherlock paused, surprised by John's reaction. Lestrade walked back in, and immediately noticed the pregnant awkwardness pervading the room.
with no child. Not to mention, he didn't even know if he was an imaginary spirit anymore. Whatever was happening to him today was too confusing and abstract for John to process. He turned around and leaned on the glass, trying to get himself together.
, John heard the voice chuckle as he felt himself fall into the darkness.
"That was absolutely brilliant, Sherlock!"
"Of course Mummy. John's here," Sherlock rolled his eyes. Mrs. Holmes grimaced and sighed, she didn't know what to do with her youngest son's imagination.
"I- I..."
"Hurry John!" Sherlock pulled John out of the many (unnecessary) layers of clothes, "Lestrade's coming, no time to explain."
Mycroft holds John hostage.
John was short, caring, impulsive
"We're ready for phase two," Mycroft replied.
"It's okay Mrs Hudson, don't cry," said John as he walked over to her, ignoring the protests of the intruders.
"Alright, good bye, see you mate."
(See the end of the chapter for
To the people who are feeling mad about this, don't be. I had a person previously think it was okay to scold writers who just have too much in life for even publishing unfinished work. It's unfinished for a reason. If you are one of those pricks, go look up some completed fanfics instead, and don't come back.
Sherlock was truly bored to death.
The older Holmes swiftly dropped to his knees and looked under the chair expecting to see something of interest, but he saw nothing beneath the poor piece of furniture. Lestrade had also seen Mycroft do that and did the same.
John appears at a crime scene at an unexpected moment.
"Where are you?" Sherlock swallowed. "What are you?"
The detective inspector shooed his team out of the kitchen before they trampled all over it, "Just, go take some photos and grab some evidence bags."
"But it's impossible, never had something like this happened before. Spirits aren't supposed to have human counterparts," John was babbling to himself as he swiped the keys off the ground, " No such thi-"
, I told you that the feather could've only come from one place!" Sherlock protested as soon as John let out the first snort. It was so annoying!
, sir, landed the impact; if you are scared for your life it is quite alright seeing it disappeared without a trace upon contact."
The voice muttered,
"Yeah. I pickpocket him when he's annoying. You can keep that one, I've got plenty at the flat," Sherlock replied nonchalantly, watching John nod his head. Then the blond starts to giggle silently slightly surprising Sherlock, "What?"
Sherlock
"This is for you, John," Sherlock handed the blond a bracelet that day.
Lestrade talked to John the rest of dinner, whilst Sherlock was still shovelling food in his mouth. He truly wanted to heave, somehow his brain decided not to listen but keep on eating. Sherlock was truly annoyed by whatever was causing him to continue to devour like this.
"No!"
"Oh, Oh!" Sherlock exclaimed.
"Ew, no Sherlock. I don't want to imagine that."
"Stop that!" John hissed.
John stumbled to a window, then quickly backed away at what he saw. Ignoring other people's snide comments and stares, John slowly crept up to his reflection again.
But Harry already broke the most important rule, '
"SHERLOCK! It is
John noticed the man in front of him hesitated slightly. "You can call him Sherlock if you want."
"Mummy he's gone."
Before Sherlock could register what was happening, his hand grabbed a fork and shoved something down his throat. He nearly choked on the food from shock.
Yes, I had a serious case of writer's block, whilst I read some more fanfiction and stared into space.
The brunet made a face at John's remark, but he knew John was playing around with him again. The little bird in his hand squeaked in response and John's attempts at hiding his giggling were starting to fail.
"John," Mycroft said, holding Sherlock in his arms, "I wish to speak with you alone. Anthena, please.”
"I'll come back later, Sherlock behave yourself," Violet Holmes ordered sharply. She checked her watch, it was near midnight.
Well he can, but unlike normal people.
Revised: Part 2 (7/7/17)
Sherlock stared at his phone willing for Lestrade to arrive on time, unlike every other time Lestrade comes late.
Only to find Sherlock standing in front of him.
Brunet scrambled beneath the abused flannel and waited patiently until he heard the soft snores from his flatmate, the dust settled quietly also.
A Sociopath.
As if by fate, he saw the familiar mop of dark curls again. John's curiosity quickly overwhelmed his current distress as he stood up quickly, trying to see who was the owner of the hair. A bit frustrated, the blond ended up on his tiptoes, trying to look over the crowd of people.
Note to everyone, just trying to finish this chapter so any mistakes would be my fault because I don't plan to beta this right now. Why longer sections? I obviously feel awful for not updating.
He didn't notice that John never answered the last question.
"No, but it
"Big words!" John laughed joyfully as he hopped up, and he stuck out a hand to help Sherlock. Sherlock grinned back this time without hiding his face as he stuck his right hand into John's.
Great.
"More bullying, a lot of the spirits are leaving their children," Anthena sighed, looking over to Mycroft.
smart; and the list would go on for miles and miles until the brunet received enough elbow jabs from John telling him to shush up. Sherlock decided there and then at his ribbing session, to change what he knew about John from a small file into a large cabinet.
"Sir?" Donovan asks the detective inspector rather cautiously.
Who's up first?
It's impossible. No one is supposed to see him.
He'll realize it one day. John's not real.
Lestrade opened then closed his mouth, "You'll be coming with me then."
Hi Watson_Holmes here, this story is also on Fanfiction.net.
I've been busy.
"Of course no-," Sherlock froze, realizing the same fact. How had this simple observation slipped from his mind?
"Fine. I've had wor-"
Wait... so I punched myself?
Oh shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot; John was in big trouble.
Mrs Hudson shrieked happily and Sherlock wills himself not to roll his eyes.
"I think the cabbie did it."
Something tugged at Sherlock's insides, as if old memories wanted to tear out. Sherlock scowled and mentally forced away the sudden feelings. After Lestrade finished helping the blond to the chair. Lestrade coughed embarrassed.
"Crime scene?" John managed to muster.
"Not the murderer."
Oh yes, and whose fault was this? Who exactly was responsible for why both Sherlock and John shrunk into five-centimeter figures?
a child's drawing after all."
"Nope it's better."
Mycroft Holmes immediately shut his mouth up when he hard a distinct squeak echo across the room. It seemed to have came from beneath the good doctor's chair.
"Mr Holmes, you don't suppose that you think they are under this floor?"
If it wasn't for the unexpected guest, he probably would've left the minute he saw the file about a man who drowned in his vehicle in the bathroom. It was the frog, of course.
The living room of the flat is a mess with all of Sherlock's possessions and boxes scattered across the room, Sherlock noticed John's grimace at the room displayed before them. "I can, um, straighten up a bit."
Maybe he could just sneakily throw a Wipe...
Lestrade flipped the paper around and blinked vaguely at it, Sherlock frowned. "What does it say Inspector?"
freaking boring. The detective grabbed a pen from the desk and twirled it in his fingers and looked expectantly at Lestrade who was just about to sit down on a chair.
The detective grinned manically and took the camera from Lestrade, crushing it. Now that Mycroft's only digital spy was out of the way, Sherlock could finally ask Lestrade some questions.
So this was Sherlock's conclusion, John was
"Just call me Sherlock, no need for formalities. The address is 221B Baker Street," Sherlock turned around as he stepped out the door. A wink and a click, the consulting detective exited the restaurant.
Sherlock heard Lestrade's voice calling out from behind the door and tried to keep a straight face. Then he looked down at the miserable lump again and the consulting detective cracked up once again. John rolled his eyes and got up to check whether Anderson was okay.
John grinned as Sherlock's brother, Mycroft was his name, peeked his ginger-head into the room to check on his baby brother.
"I think you're asking the wrong questions." The voice paused. "Why do you care for Holmes so much?"
Blurry, things were so blurry. There were voices everywhere, so distant and disoriented like static, like far-away voices. Where was he, where was this? John blinked to a view of a bunch of people crowded around him, well the fuzziness was starting to fade a way by now.
Jawn giggled.
"No'fank'oo."
“Bu’…dino’rawrs, My’coff?” Sherlock asked, looking over at Jawn worriedly.
"You only said he had to take the rings off. Not 'why'."
Sherlock gave him a beatific grin as Mycroft pulled a face. “Good job, Jawn! You didn’t even need help.”
"Ea'ds peanu'ds, swee'dhear'd." Sherlock tipped his head back into Greg's shoulder and gave him a beatific grin.
Well, Mycroft didn’t know what to make of that. He waited for the menu to pop up but even then, he didn’t recognize it...yet it only took one note of the music for Sherlock to spin around and look, with a big, wide, grin splitting his face. “Dino’rawrs!” he said, clapping.
"No! I'd ma'ge me s'yeep an' I dun' wan' s'yeep!"
"But not
Greg sighed; "Stop being right all the goddamned time...it must get exhausting."
"Odd. I could have sworn that you are my tiny, sweet little nephew."
Greg laughed while he tried to wipe away the gobs of frosting and cake from Sherlock's face; "How'd you get it on your nose, muffin?!"
"I know, and I'm sorry. But wasn't it fun to take a shower in the garden?" Mycroft asked hopefully.
"Tolerated?"
“Wha’ flavour is it?” Jawn said around a mouthful of ice cream.
"You've already been extremely helpful," Mycroft said, patting his knee.
Jawn’s mouth hung open before snapping closed with an audible click of his teeth. “I don’t want this anymore," he said, shoving the umbrella into Sherlock’s hands before turning on his heels and walking away.
Shoving his dummy into his mouth, Jawn headed back to the bedroom to be changed.
"G'eg boo'tiful. Ge'd marry to My'coff!"
Mycroft adjusted the door leading to the bathroom, leaving it ajar with the light on, before heading for the stairwell.
“Now, who is this handsome character with the sceptre?” Mycroft gently pulled Sherlock’s thumb from his mouth and replaced it with the bottle. With all the weeping and nappy changes, they were both at risk for dehydration.
"Jawn f'yower. G'een!" Sherlock snatched up the little bottle of color and struggled to get the cap off.
Jawn glowed under the praise, his chin tipped higher than could rightly be comfortable.
The little detective looked over his shoulder at his brother; “Co’ders?” he asked.
Greg nodded as he sat across from Sherlock, trying not to grin like an idiot as the baby licked crumbs off his fingers.
Sherlock didn't look convinced but he kept his huff to himself nonetheless.
"You know very well I wouldn't forget."
The little doctor immediately released his hold on Mycroft’s leg to wail.
"Shhhh...almost done, muffin." Greg pressed his lips to Sherlock's warm forehead, while Mycroft got him cleaned, powdered, and padded. "Almost done."
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at his brother. “You didn’ e’ben know wha’ I was gonna say!”
Mycroft closed his eyes and fought very hard to quell the hope that Sherlock might be slipping back into headspace...no, he only sounded that way because his face still hurt. "Not--" he paused; "--it's not that black and white, Sherlock."
"I y'ike bugs."
“Indoor voices, Jawn...I won’t tell you again.”
"I wouldn't trust myself, not today."
"Hm, 'kind of'," Mycroft hummed, and rubbed his hand up and down Sherlocks' back. "Would you like the rest of your noodles?"
“G'een?”
“Tas’ bad?”
Greg wolf whistled, which got him matching glares from the Holmes brothers.
"No fa'ww."
“Not really.”
Jawn looked up, surprised, and saw Sherlock watching him from across the table with those big, bright eyes of his, orange crayon still poised above his picture. He glanced at Mycroft out of the corner of his eye and quickly shook his head; “No, not now.”
"Sherlock...you have to sit in the water for this bath thing to work."
Mycroft smirked. “Fishing for compliments, are we?”
Sherlock huffed and plopped down; "Mo' toas'd?"
"Lick the rest off your fingers...look, there's half the jar left on them."
"Ummm...g'een? Hu'k f'yower?"
“…It must have been getting uncomfortable in there, folded up that way,” Mycroft added, unfazed.
"Yea, you told me the color already."
"No! Don' wa'ge hims u'b!"
"Bo'ff." Jawn sniffled and squinted his eyes at the light. "My'coff, p'ease share," he pleaded again, and threw in a lip wobble for his trouble this time.
Mycroft gave the back of Gregs' head his most incendiary glare; "
Molly winced as Sherlock let out an ear shattering screech before succumbing to sobs.
Sherlock stopped sinking to his knees and went still; “Dummy?” he repeated, blinking up at Mycroft with eyes full of unshed tears.
“Very.”Jawn’s cheeks pinked up and he rubbed his face on his blanket to hide. “Wha’d else?”
"It's a baby-free zone, muffin....you know that."
"I y'ub 'em all."
"Thank you," Mycroft nodded, ignoring the look of surprise on Sherlocks' face. They only did niceties when Sherlock was small. "Come along, Gregory." Mycroft strode out of the nursery, back straight, chin high.
"Nooooooooo."
He gets a moan, and the detective smirks around the cock between his lips.
"My Jawn." Sherlock grumbled, his thumb back in his mouth, a finger twisted in his curls.
"How did you know?" Sherlock asks, coming around the corner, a lovely pout on his face. He’s dragging John's jumper.
Sherlock rolled a blueberry on the table and thought; "Maybe a y'i'yee?"
"I need a drink." Sherlock says quickly, his eyes darting to the icebox.
“Y’ittle bi’d ba’,” Jawn said.
"I rea'yee nee' f'ree."
“But you got it wrong!” Jawn held the umbrella out and thrust it at them in what Mycroft would have noted as a brilliant fencing move under any other circumstances.
Sherlock shook his curls vigorously. He reluctantly handed Daddy his jumper before heading into the sitting room and pulling the cursed little stool from underneath the end table next to the sofa. Sherlock glared at the weeping duckling on the seat. He hated that duck. He wished it’d get eaten by a large predator with very sharp teeth.
"Didn't you just have two?" Greg handed him another buttered slice of toast.
"I said I wasn't gon'na," Greg whinged, and Sherlock whipped around in his seat to see his big brother walking into the kitchen.
Mycroft made it the rest of the way up stairs and down the hall to their bedroom, keeping up a mantra of soothing talk; "We made it. We're going to lay down and be so comfortable. And we're going to make Uncle Gregory fetch your bunny and the soft blanket we left on the sofa, yes."
"Tease," Greg smirked over his shoulder. "Muffin. You got an entire order of spring rolls all for yourself!"
"Jawn miss me?"
"Okay, okay...we're done, all done." Greg wiped his fingers off on his trousers. Oh, Mycroft was going to get an ear-full later tonight.
“Don’t speak with your mouth full.” Mycroft rose from the table, collecting the rubbish. “We’re going to wash up, and then its naptime.”
...Mycroft reached out and tickled his neck before Jawn could twist away.
"P'inger."
Sherlock rolled himself over and took his brother's phone, then nestled back against Greg. "My'coff gots games?"
“Because you make each other miserable when you don’t get along.”
"Some'time I y'ike i'd."
"And really, what's owning a business I've never heard of after six of the loooongest years of my life!"
“I need trousers and pants if we’re going to the chippy," he grumbled.
“Na’ a toy, is GI Joe!”
Greg laid beside him silently, and rubbed Sherlock's back as, eventually, the baby fussed himself to sleep.
Mycroft unlatched Sherlock's tray and carried it to the sink. "I don't think either of you need the extra sugar tonight."
“So’wwy!”
Greg kissed Sherlock's cheek. "Fine, you can use some."
"That's right, she's a little baby just like you." Greg rubbed his hand up and down Sherlock's back.
"Ev'rybody loves cheese," she replied, repeating what she'd seen Greg do (and felt a little jealous of), and dipped a piece of her sandwich in her soup.
Greg lowered the baby and a
Mycroft covered his mouth, his shoulders starting to shake.
"What is he saying, Gregory."
"A'w done?"
"I ha'd this par'd," Sherlock whinged, holding perfectly still for Greg.
Mycroft lowered his voice for the squirrel's dialogue; "The squirrel scratched his head. 'Y'eh, I did come t'uh think of it. Ran through 'ere just a minute ago, 'eadin' for the pond.' 'Thank you!' Billy said, and took off back in that direction.
"Yea'. 'S dang'rous."
“I didn’t mean'a poke him," Jawn huffed, walking more heavily than was strictly necessary.
"Gregory wants one, as well."
Both little boys eased into the room on their tiptoes...though, as tired as Mycroft was, he was practically dead to the world by now. They could have stampeded into the room with Jawns' whistle, and he would have been none the wiser.
"Mm. Why not?" Mycroft patted his hip again and helped Sherlock to his feet, frowning at the baby's pained groan.
Sherlock threw his head back and sighed. “The best behavior. We know! They are gunna run out of chips!”
Mycroft nodded and kept on with the story; "--What do you think, Baxter?"
"Never you mind. It's time to eat." Mycroft held Sherlock's hand while he climbed down, then turned his attention back to their little 'patient'. He took Jawn under the arms and tried to lift him to his feet. Jawn stayed limp.
"P'yas'ers."
"How did you forget your keys?!" Mycroft called.
"Gregory."
Mycroft sighed, resigned. "He still needs something on his feet."
"Let's get cleaned up so we can go play."
"W'ish is fas'er?" Sherlock pouted when Mycroft smacked his hand out of the bowl of frosting.
He made his way down the stairs, and into the kitchen.
"I y'ike tay'does."
"--Shut up. So, if you'll excuse us, we're going inside," Sherlock finished, and carried Jawn off towards the house.
Sherlock, completely forgetting he was supposed to be sneaky, let out a whoop as he bent to collect his prize. The loud squeak he made when a large hand connected with his padded bottom was less dignified. Sherlock bolted upright, spinning on his heels to face the very red face of his older brother.
He made his way out of the bedroom, croaking in embarrassment to find his nappy wet and rapidly cooling without the nest of blankets to keep him warm.
Sherlock was indeed waiting for them when they finally caught up, sitting back on his haunches as he regarded each flower carefully. "Whi'sh one is bes'd, My'cobb?"
"We only have Sherlock-sized shorts."
Sherlock turned his mouth away from the bite of salad Mycroft held to his mouth. “Jawn din’ hafa’ eat veg’ables!”
“I know you are.”
"Of course. We'll bring them up to bed with us."
"Little bit, yeah."
As Mycroft moved to unfasten the first tape, the sound of tiny feet came slapping down the hall, causing a ruckus against the lino.
"Yea, a'course." Greg took Jawn's cup to refill as well. The little doctor was going to need it for his second pill.
“Ice cream?” Jawn peered up at him hopefully…hopeful about getting his ice cream, and hopeful that he could pull off ‘cute’ in the same way that Sherlock could to help him out.
“You’re much too little to go off by yourself like that, lad. Tell me what you’re after, and we’ll bring it back with us.”
"Of course, as much pizza as you want."
Sherlock turned on the lamp.
Sherlock twisted on Mycroft’s lap. “My'coff eat ice cream too?”
“I'sh true. Jawn’s b’ery small and he can scru'nge smaller.”
“Nuh-uh!”
"Cause you've elected to be little today and you can't stay by yourself when you're this small."
Jawn gaped at the umbrella. “Sherlock, like Mary Poppins bag!”
"No, thank you."
"How do you mean, muffin?" Greg caught his hand. "Does your tummy hurt?"
"P'ish hel'b ma'ge cu'bca'ges?"
"Until they don't."
“No, no, no! We’ll be good!” Sherlock said as Jawn nodded emphatically. They both loved Nana, the sweet old dear, but she didn’t put up with fuss and was quick to deliver a smack.
) put Mycroft's phone back in the nightstand. "...Is safe?" he whispered.
Mycroft looked up. "His shoulders?..."
“He eats all the chips, I eat all the fish.”
"Y'ed st'ing?"
"I dun' fuss."
"If you farted, Gregory, I swear to God-"
"And? What did it say?"
"Less attitude perhaps?"
“You were very busy, muffin. Where could our Jawn be playing? He was right here beside me.”
“Apologies Mycroft, he’s in a mood. Cuppa?” John moved about the kitchen efficiently, putting on the kettle and looking for cleanish mugs.
"The greenhouse, at least. He's been cooped up for too long."
“Jawn Hamish, get your bottom back here.”
He spooned one more bite into Sherlock’s mouth, then cleared his throat. “You’ve both had two bites, now eat your own.”
"Poor baby, come here." Mycroft bent down and took Sherlock's hands, helping him up to him feet again, and then scooped him up onto his hip.
"Apologies." Greg used the flannel to wipe down Sherlock's tray before taking it off the booster. "You can
"...Damn it."
“Ha! I already do that one!” Sherlock smirked triumphantly.
“Sher’yock!”
He reached up and gingerly brushed his hand over his cheek, over the myriad of purple and brown and yellowing bruises, the swelling under his eye, the...
"Our little guy."
Greg's eyes lit up; "I'm really excited to give him mine."
“I did, you’re right, I did,” he replied absently as he pulled Sherlock close and all but picked him up. “Sherlock, listen…Sherlock, listen to Myc…I have your dummy in my pocket, remember?"
Mycroft got past the DVD menu and pressed play, getting the movie started. Once it had, he selected one of the soft, fuzzy throw blankets from the pile they kept in the room, and tucked it around his little brother before joining them on the couch.
"He's going to need that hand to eat cupcakes."
The baby shrugged and went back to licking out the scoop.
"It makes me sleepy too."
"This is very backdoor business."
"She just doesn't know you, sweetheart." John said idly, scratching his vest covered chest.
“Am I going to rinse Jawn’s dummy, or fetch a bar of soap? Hmmm?” Mycroft said as he headed to the bathroom.
"No bea's. I d'un wan' jew'ls....s'opp'id!" Sherlock fussed as Greg carefully cleaned his mouth and hands.
Sherlock stuck out his tongue and made a gagging noise.
“I c’n come in'na g’yeenhouse? Jawn y’ubs g’yeen.”
But now Sherlock was home. And Greg saw.
“Why not?” Jawn gave up trying to break free from the man’s surprisingly strong grip and cuddled close, looking up at Mycroft with woeful puppy-dog eyes and sticking out his bottom lip.
Mycroft had easily stripped Sherlock of his clothes as well. "These pants have seen better days." Mycroft said as he examined a hole of the bum cheek of Sherlock's pants.
"With manners like that, of course you can."
Sherlock paused at the bottom of the steps and frowned and, for a split second, Greg was hopeful that he was regressing again and the next words out of his mouth would be 'Hel'b, G'eg.'
"Shi'd!"
Mycroft arched an eyebrow. Texting was smart. John knew a call would likely be met with a hostile remark, or flat-out ignored...but it was nearly impossible to ignore a text without reading it first.
"There's a bunch of rolls. How many do you want?"
Mycroft shook out the cramps that were building in his shoulder and went back to patting Jawn’s bum. “Your Nana is a brilliant woman.”
"No'd b'ery nice. Y'eyyow f'yowers are b'ootiful." Sherlock's thumb had returned to his mouth, and his eyes were mostly closed. "I c'n y'ive in a y'eyyow f'yower?"
"Awwww, muffin...what'sa matter, sweetheart?" Greg came over and looped an arm beneath Sherlock's knees and lifted.
He smiles to himself smugly at a job well done, but his celebration is a bit premature as John sits in the seat that he’s just vacated and proceeds to pull the detective abruptly over his lap.
"I jus' wa'ge u'b! N'ah s'eep."
"Is there anything I can do to help?"
Sherlock was sniffling.
"Bu'yee? P'yea'the?"
Taking several deep, slow breaths, Mycroft turned into the bathroom--and found his little brother sat, fully clothed, in the rapidly filling tub, drawing on the tile with his bath crayons. Floating amongst the bubbles and bath toys, were several sippy cups.
Sherlock nodded against his big brother's chest; "Ye'th, I do'id."
"Nice try. Will you eat noodles if we get them?"
"I'mma mu'ppin so I dun' nee' jams!" Sherlock tugged at the snaps between his thighs. "I tol' G'eg no c'yothes!"
Jawn looked between them and found no reprieve, so he quickly took his pills.
Greg made a guilty face at Mycroft, who was studiously ignoring them and putting candles all over the cupcakes. "Are you ready to celebrate?"
John's lips quivered and his eyebrows furrowed; Sherlock knew that was not good. It was
"Right," John reads, "Detective Inspector Lestrade?"
"Sir, we've searched everywhere. There is absolutely no sign of them," Sergeant Donovan announced wearily.
The blond suddenly jumped up and slammed a hand on the table, startling the two.
As both icons of authority exited the flat, the British Government looked back up at the upstairs window in suspicion and parted ways.
"So who's the lucky gal?"
That's when it snapped. Oh. Oh! OH! John felt his fingertips brush against the flip, "Alright Mister's gonna show a magic trick, but you have to close your eyes first."
John: Why
of you people actually wanted to read this story.
Sherlock was horrified that his right of privacy was being interrupted by a group of imbeciles, and John was frustrated too much over his current form to even care that their flat was being invaded by the said parade of idiots. Particularly lead by a certain
Sherlock checked the time again knowing Lestrade will be late within 30 seconds. He didn't want to be here anyway. Then he heard the sound of footsteps, Lestrade's. However, there was an anonymous one too. High probability of it being a passer-by's.
"Easy, Mrs Hudson has a spare set hanging behind the mantle piece," Sherlock watched John open the door. "She did change the location again this time."
"It says, Nowhere. What's that supposed to mean?" Lestrade gave Sherlock a confused expression.
"Let's call this 'Smile John'."
John stalked over to the genius and smacked his flatmate right across the head, earning a yelp that silence their two visitors across the room.
"Donovan. For the last time; he's not a freak, his name's Sh-"
"Sherlock, does he always put these around everywhere?"
good.
"You should go to sleep now," the brunet ruffled his hair then faced John's small frame.
Lestrade reluctantly goes to meet Sherlock.
His flatmate rolled his eyes and dropped his hand, but continued to hurry John. The ride back to Baker Street was very uncomfortable. John felt Sherlock's intense gaze on his neck the entire ride. He shifted further away from Sherlock as much as possible, almost absolutely sure that Sherlock was staring either from lust or murder. Probably murder. Oh God, what did he do to make Sherlock act this way?
Anthena walked into the room seconds after Mycroft set his bags, John grinned broadly and waved to her.
John panicked when he pressed answer.
" John exclaimed as he gingerly set the bracelet down on the table next to them, then reached an arm out to feel the brunet's forehead. The taller child swatted away the offending hand.
John muttered, "Please don't let him have a heart attack."
Sherlock was now rolling on the floor, and stopped as soon as he saw John holding his phone.
Lestrade understood that it was rather late and finding both the detective and the doctor at this hour was rather impossible.
Sherlock ignored his upcoming rant to retrieve Lestrade, Donovan, and Idiot Anderson from upstairs.
Transport was failing to listen to his commands, and he hated it.
Revised: Part 1 (6/11/17)
don't go," Sherlock was on the verge of tears.
John tried to stand again, successful, and slightly woozy. The blond ended up tumbling out of the alleyway and onto a busy pavement, where he raised a hand to block the sunlight from his eyes. He blinked as he looked around, feeling a bit taller than usual. It had to be from the sudden change of perspective.
John grinned at the driver who was staring at him from the rearview mirror, apparently they already arrived at their destination. The spirit hurriedly thanked the driver and quickly exited the vehicle, hoping he didn't act too strange on the ride or else he'd have to deal with Mycroft again.
The eyeball game went on for half a minute, until a breathless Lestrade ruined it by opening the door on the blond. The wooden door to the private room hit the small man directly between the occipital and parietal region of the head. Sherlock snapped back into reality from his momentary trance.
"I need to get information from the kids."
Shoot.
I couldn't really think of a better way for John, Lestrade, and Sherlock to meet.
Interesting there were no signs of a child at the crime scene, so it was impossible that a kid was there.
Have you guy watched
Plus, I had already included 'Dinner first.' Drat Lestrade! Why make things complicated, you just met him!
John could've sworn that icy tone sounded vaguely familiar. He frowned as a bright light flickered to life, momentarily blinding his vision and stopping him from seeing who his host was. The sudden flash made him recoil and he felt himself clench his hands, a sign that he could start moving again.
"What is your problem? I only wanted to talk to him!"
Sherlock was perplexed by the blond's odd behaviour.
"Are you sure he was last seen here?" Mycroft asked once again to the DI.
If John wasn't panicking before, he definitely was panicking now.
"John, lets make a deal. If I can make you smile within one month, then I will do what ever you tell me to do for one week. Under some circumstances of course. If you still won't smile; I'll blackmail you, go to Mycroft for your papers, invade all your privacy, hack into your accounts, make you look stu-"
reason why he's here." John made a face as he was finally freed, not wanting to be part of anything.
Kudos at who guesses the child's name correctly.
The small blond stared at him with wide-eyes.
"So now you're a human," Bill Murray snorted. Murray was John's partner during the war, only Murray's child... left because she was too sick.
Sherlock knew where to go, back to Baker Street. The consulting detective had to get out of Mycroft's insufferable office, but how. A couple of possible ways popped into his head but most of them included crossing paths with Mycroft's face, Sherlock scowled at the ideas.
"You know about me too," Mycroft stared at the blonde who was trying to avoid his gaze.
"Disappeared? Like gone, poof, magic?" John's eyes widened and he swallowed hard, "How- then what did you mean by 'human subject'?"
"We're going to borrow Lestrade and Company."
Boring.
John noticed everyone was piling out of the room rapidly, wait a sec, his hearing was still fine. Although, the voice that told him to be quite was something else, it sounded like it was coming out from his mind. He shook his head violently. Geez, of
Sherlock saw John flinch as he stood abruptly, "Come John, to New Scotland Yard."
The cab stopped. As John reached out to pay, Sherlock dragged him out before he could even utter 'thank you' to the cabbie. John was guided upstairs and shoved harshly into his chair.
Lestrade was talking to someone outside the doorway. His back facing the consulting detective, his posture very casual, his arms out of his pockets, and his eager tone confirmed Sherlock's other claim. Strange Lestrade never mentioned bringing another person. Sherlock frowned as Lestrade gave one final word then turned around toward Sherlock.
"Lestrade, you know, let me order the food if there ever is a next time. Sherlock's not fond of tomatoes." How the
"Oh, murder." Murder was taken seriously in any meetings, some spirits could be witnesses but they can't tell anybody.
Adrenaline was suddenly coursing through John's veins.
John flushed from the absurdity of it all, as well as what he probably looked like under Sherlock's hands.
Sherlock being restless stood up again, decided to ignore that statement, and continued to rifle through the British Government's papers. Five hours, twelve minutes and three seconds since he's last seen his blonde companion.
, and if you just happened to pass by.
"Last name?"
"Ugh, Sherlock stop it. I know how to walk perfectly fine," John hissed.
He sent a wave of empathy over her which made her suddenly calm down, then turned to look at the couple of armed imposing figures and sent a wave of Type 1 Disappointment over them. He smirked, satisfied, as most of them clutched their chests or gasped for air.
But human. Human?
"Yeah, and I can see your camera too. Show yourself, you scaredy-cat."
"Aw cripes," John gaped at nothingness.
Sherlock briefly hugged her, "Mrs Hudson, John Watson."
The spirit blinked back to his normal vision, where he could see the kid once again. The boy was staring at him more likely behind him, John saw nothing when he turned around quickly.
"No that was Harry," a kid glared at the older, blue eyes shining. There were three toddlers huddled near the corner of the room, far away from any furniture in the room. John noticed two other spirits were attending to their own children.
John practically growled at the small camera hidden behind the books on the highest shelf of the room and stomp-climbed up the furniture to it before everyone else in the room. Wait, John mentally smacked himself across his head. Dummy. He forgot that Mrs. H and the annoying minions were in the room with him.
"No! I mean, it's crazy, Sherlock. You don't need to buy me anything," the blond bumbled out. Sherlock's eyes lit up with hope when he saw a hint of red rise up to the tips of John's ears.
"Stop," Lestrade made a face, "I do
Don't worry, John will be with Sherlock soon.
"Hello, are you here for the flat's share?" Mrs Hudson asked.
But John's would.
"221B now." Sherlock dragged John toward the door's direction.
"I'm getting there if you let me talk. As you know I have eyes all around London. Finding Doctor John Watson was not hard."
"Sherlock, how much did this cost?" John lifted the trinket into the air, admiring how easily the light caught onto the gems.
Sherlock was deeply offended by the DI's earlier statement; claims? No, he was a professional. If only people could catch up with what he said, then they could actually appreciate 'claims', or 100% accurate facts, he provided each time he went to a crime scene. When he actually
Anything, he could've said anything. The brunet could feel more tears blur his vision as his he parted his lips.
"Who are you, and where's Sherlock?" John growled.
John eagerly grinned back, and his ocean blue eyes twinkled. Sherlock almost felt like he was being swallowed up in a sea of sparkly-blue. No, iris's weren't supposed to sparkle...
Even more disturbing was that there was no spirit nearby, but there definitely was a spiritual barrier around the living room before he stepped into it.
"Who's Gregory?" Sherlock quipped.
"Come on, John. One smile won't hurt."
The caller ID said
"Oh, GOD NO!" he yelled horrified, jumping away from Sherlock.
"He knows She-"
Especially after that awkward discussion about today's crime scene, Sherlock had smugly described then solved the murder in less than a minute. Of course, solving it, as in how the murder was commenced. Finding the murderer was another story.
Sherlock
"Watson_Holmes continues to drink his tea while Sherlock chases after John." ~fin.
The ever-so-good DI then asked the poor landlady to describe what happened again, because she was the first one at the door right after the explosion and shattering glass. Lestrade patted Mrs Hudson's shoulder with condolences, trying to calm her down, because what else can he do while she frets of her tenants' safety?
He tried to look around, but panicked slightly when he couldn't move his body. His arms and legs were apparently strapped onto a stereotypical dentist-like chair. Oh great, and his fingers weren't responding either. John internally groaned.
"I could hear you all the way down the street in a cab, you must have really gave Donovan a headache haven't you?" Sherlock glanced at John while surveying the room and gave a satisfied hum.
"Stop it!" Young Sherlock realized he had covered his ears because John
Sherlock ignored John and brought out a camera, because
I'm still satisfied though, you guys reading makes me happy. >:D
What in the world.
But there was one thing that puzzled Young Sherlock Holmes: John didn't age. From his very first memory, John had always looked like an eight-year-old boy. Sherlock wasn't bothered by that fact, but he was bothered by how often John dodged the question about his age. The brunet hardly doubted that his best friend was an adult in disguise, he was too short to be one.
"A-Are you talking to me?" John sputtered in the cabbie's direction, his voice sounded foreign to even himself.
Couldn't be. There was no way that was Sherlock Holmes, it was just his mind playing with him again. It was unknown for a spirit to see their past child again but John just had to try. Dream or not, he had to try.
The consulting detective huffed and straightened out his signature coat, then adjusted his scarf before going up the steps to 221b. Only to stop when noticed a note was taped onto the door. The consulting detective took the slip of paper and flipped it open.
Upon arriving to the university building, it was already evening and the sun could barely be seen. This area was different though, the place was completely void, dark, and vacant.
Violet Holmes came back to find her child leaning on the wall, broken down. She quickly ran toward Sherlock and embraced him, feeling his small frame shutter with each breath against her touch.
"No wonder we all felt your presence."
- Actually, many thanks to PaperbackHeart (on Fanfiction.net!), they volunteered to beta chapters 1,2,& 3! Enjoy. :D
The detective had subconsciously put himself in a particular area of the room. Of course.
Instead, he was in a dark-lit alleyway. With not a single soul in sight.
"It's alright Lestrade, perfectly fine. He wasn't doing anything weird to me. Now can we just start to eat? Holmes, stuff some nutrients down that empty stomach," John scowled at Sherlock. Sherlock made a stunned offended face, apparently the small man was ordering him around.
"I'm your real
Who is this kid?
John panicked and ran after the young man.
Then stalked off frustratedly ignoring Donovan and Anderson's irrational questions.
But he was both, so something was wrong.
(See the end of the chapter for
After Harry hanged up, John let out his breathe he didn't notice he was holding in. He stared at his phone, wondering
The consulting detective was suddenly pulled out from his mind palace as he felt something in his chest knot up, then let go when he heard that name. John must've noticed the grimace on the brunet's face, because he looked extremely concerned.
Lestrade stared at John astonished, "How in the world did you do that?"
Sometimes John really hates Sherlock, but his own stubbornness gets the better of him and the adrenaline is already coursing through his veins making the latter oblivious.
Sherlock turned to John, "Got your breath back?"
He felt the trinket go away first.
"Fine. I just need to be alone for a second. Go... go use my bed, I'll sleep on the couch tonight."
"Why, is it where your toys?" Lestrade snickered. Sherlock gave him a death glare which shut him up, and briefly glanced at the map memorizing each and every turn. The map was closely related to his childhood, Sherlock could feel it. Lestrade just shrugged his shoulders. "Sherlock, maybe we should drop this nonsense. It
, Sherlock prayed silently while keeping his fingers crossed behind his back. He saw John's eyes soften immediately as if he had just read his mind.
I don't want to abandon this, and I appreciate the kudos and subscriptions. I will be recreating the story soon mainly because I screwed up the publication date on this fic. Having a fresh start won't hurt either haha.
"Hey."
"John?" Sherlock asked softly without realizing it. The whole specimen in the slide forgotten over the mysteriously familiar blond who knew of his past. Lestrade cracked his neck and tilted his head, trying to recall whatever John told him.
John gave him a
Sherlock is surprised but needs John's help.
John felt like choking himself, he was definitely never going to try lying to anyone ever again.
"Introductions. Lestrade, very rude," Sherlock gave his signature grin, Lestrade shot him a look.
." The darkness engulfed them.
Lestrade laughed obliviously and patted the flustered blond on the shoulder. Sherlock, however noticed the very obvious lie.
John leaned back in his chair, pinched the bridge of this nose. He sighed, "What now?"
"What's your name?" Lestrade interrupted John's little mental rant.
In addition to that fact, he also noticed that he was holding his breath for a while.
Wrote this super fast, because I was sleepy.
For those of you still reading this, just think of this new chapter as a miracle. :)
"Sherlock, hello."
John straightened from his bed post, "Death?" Harry shook her head, looking at all the members.
Sherlock was proud of John, and he wanted to be just like him.
The tiny toddler pointed in Harry's direction, "Her. She's my best friend."
"No you didn't," Sherlock gasped.
"I don't believe Sherlock is the sentimental kind."
"'Course I can, I'm not blind!"
"That's not what the paper said," Sherlock snorted. The figure in front of the duo seemed to become agitated as if this was all against his plan. Then he stiffened up, Sherlock sensed something wasn't right. A shape of a gun was distinctly seen in the shadow's hand, pointed at his own head.
"He knows what will happen, I've already told him. Besides, he’s capable of taking care of himself in the future."
"Perhaps, a cabbie is a liable suspect. Easy to blend with the crowd and most people put full trust in these strangers for their safety. You can find them anywhere, everywhere," Sherlock replied disinterested.
He took the opportunity and knelt before the sextet.
woke by his next child.
The spirit quickly ran across the room to check if the person was okay. Seriously, had Anthena ever taught the kid any manners?
Still didn't explain why John was at the crime scene and why the kids were asleep.
Revised: The whole chapter past midnight, not perfect but suitable >:] (6/6/17)
"Yes-No!  Sherlock
"Sir, there's a Mr Lestrade looking for you."
"Cheese-it's!"
Donovan brought out her gun, "Freeze!
"Once midnight passes, you will never see me again. You'll eventually forget me, Sherlock, you won't even remember me."
John & W_H: No. Yes.
"How can you see me?" John warily reached for the wall once more.
the first to regain consciousness, but it wasn't really his fault that he woke up finding himself swarmed in a mass of... heavy cotton fabric. Also noticeably naked. He tried his best to climb out of his imprisonment. Sherlock finally managed to stick his head out of the mess, and take a deep breath of air.
"No, George you idiot. They're words, Anderson has really dropped your IQ to even lower levels."
Normally John's chapters won't have cursing, but this chapter has some parts with strong language.
Sherlock checked the time on his laptop 11 O'clock pretty late now, he set his laptop to the side of the table.
Double trouble, John's getting more freaked out. Especially when he sees a kid without a imaginary spirit.
"Well Mr
"What do you want Mycroft? You know I prefer to text."
John felt heart stop momentarily and opened his mouth to protest, but paused when he noticed that the woman in front of him and visibly relaxed when a middle-aged man passed by. John could only assume he was some sort of detective at the moment.
The blond was huddled in the chair opposite of Sherlock's facing the fireplace ignoring the detective and stared into space. Sherlock got annoyed and shot up from his seat suddenly startling John.
"Sally are you seriously pointing a gun at a civilian right now?" The man strained as he swiftly(and safely) pulled the gun out of the sergeant's hands. John noted that the man's hair was a fine spray of salt and pepper.
For the first and the last time John Watson ever finally hears Sherlock loudly swearing, it ends up being about the good doctor himself.
"I don't know how-" he gestured to himself before inserting the key into the lock, "this happened."
Sherlock became silent as he quickly dove into his mind palace in search for anything that would piece together the clues on the map, briefly opening tabs on certain information. Nothing, the whole thing was fraud-
Sherlock heard the doors open lightly again.
"What do you think, then, Mister Watson? There’s another bedroom upstairs if you’ll be needing two bedrooms," Mrs Hudson grinned at the blond.
~Freeform.
vast mind palace of selfishness. How was it his fault; normal people don't leave such dangerous hazards on the kitchen table, let alone in the kitchen itself.
Anthena frowned at John but the blond spirit shrugged, and she left the room, leaving the spirit alone with the two Holmes, "Yes, Myc?"
Sherlock ignored Lestrade's protest about what was the correct way to say his name; why does it matter, they all started with a G anyway.
His left hand stopped trembling.
"All that I could see. But the man also had on glasses and he arrived in a cab. No more."
something and the brunet growled frustratedly at the paper. He flipped it upside-down, right-side up, and started to tilt the page all over the place until Lestrade snatched the paper away and ripped it.
lies, and Sherlock trusts him. And This Was Not Funny.
It was very obvious, Lil Sherlock had thought to himself. There was no other way the vase could've broken in the locked living room of the Holmes Manor, and all the evidence pointed to the poor little bird that was currently nesting in his hands. Sherlock sniffed as the little blackbird weakly flailed around in his grasp again.
John didn't want to hear. If only he could see that man once again to confirm his suspicions, and as selfish and ridiculous as his day already was gonna get --if this dream even was a dream-- John had to see Sherlock Holmes one last time. He tried to push against the woman and go through the tape.
"Basically," Sherlock's mood falls back down.
Already John felt uneasy as he entered the car, when he asked the driver where they were going the only response he received was silence. By flat, did that lady mean Sherlock's because it was really the only home he could think of other than the house where Harry was residing.
John's face was burning up, he'd never felt more embarrassed in his life. All the spirits had already told their child to go to sleep and the teenager already left for school project, but it still meant John could be heard. From outside.
"But I've known you for five years, and yet John asked me."
"Problem?" Sherlock mentally grinned as the DI groaned and leaned on a wall that separated them from the British Government's men. Maybe they should do this more often, it was already amusing watching Lestrade struggle to keep up with him.
Concern was all that John could feel from the man in front of him when Sherlock's name was brought up. This was most likely a bothersome overprotective person who abused their power for whatever reason to try to get closer to Sherlock. Who else would go through all that trouble just to kidnap a 'new friend?’
"What the heck do you think you're doing?" Sherlock yelled at the DI.
"You okay?" John reached towards the swearing ash-blond.
"Really, Lestrade you should run around more," Sherlock said aloud to the DI who was struggling to keep up with the younger consultant.
"I bought it with my whole allowance," Sherlock felt his face heat up when John actually froze in front of him.
Sherlock: Pedestrian. Can I injure him?
Mycroft Holmes was just about ready to leave his office to attend a meeting with a representative from HopesPeak before being (rudely) interrupted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Who was the boss around here?
Other spirits? Okay.
Wow, I have to much dialogue and not enough action.
"Please. Sherlock, listen to me. There's very little time left, I want to talk to you. Look at me," John pried Sherlock's hands away. The blond grabbed the sides of his head, forcing the brunet to look at him in the eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
The landlady quickly apologized for her sudden intrusion.
It was a marathon and John was going for the grand prize, the golden medal(cheese). The doctor was 15 metres away, 10 metres, and now 5. Before John could reach the (d*mned fourth chaos em-, er I mean) cheese, the doctor did the strangest belly flop to avoid being caught by the sudden intruders that entered the room. The one who just spoke seemed very agitated and was tapping his umbrella as he spoke, oh wait that would be Mycroft.
Lestrade glared at her, effectively shutting her up, "He'll be coming with me. We're going to meet somebody." He patiently waited for John to completely duck beneath the tape.
Lestrade stared at John who was trying to wrench away his arm in panic, "Sally, will you quit! We'll keep him, he'll probably benefit us in this crime scene. After all, there must be
He was Sherlock's very first mystery.
John couldn't help but realise that Anthena had been correct. Mycroft had become a great imposing figure, but this was starting to feel too intense. The doctor looked at everything around the blank room but Mycroft.
John nodded, accepting the peace offering.
"They ha'b to go home!" Sherlock scrambled up and headed for the door, freezing when Greg whistled.
"Perfect! You and Molly are both in the wrong professions!"
"Fank'oo. I dunno if nee' fea'vers."
"Gregory."
"Is no'd y'ub'yee a' wa'ss."
"Nooo, not with your slobber all over it. I'll be happy to take the bowl and give it a good scraping."
"They dun' wor'g w'if bubba's." Sherlock rushed over and scrambled up onto the bed.
"Yes, only four."
"The elephant was lost in the kitchen?"
"No."
Greg turned towards the house, where a single window remained open. “Hey, Myc? We could use some help out here.”
“You’re insufferable.” Mycroft fastened his coat, and tugged on his gloves. “Devious, malicious little brats.”
“Jawn didn’t do the buttons right.” Sherlock moved around his brother to help him re-button the coat. “Buttons are tricky, Jawn.”
“My…”
For what may have been the very first time in his life...Mycroft Holmes drew a blank. "We, are going to..." he said slowly, pausing to think as he ran two flannels under the tap. "Do crafts. Lots and lots of crafts."
"Aw, I'm sorry. Lavender freckles sound lovely."
"Course not! Nobody plans to relapse." Sherlock huffed.
Sherlock's chin wobbled as he pulled his hand back and he turned towards Greg, hiding his face against his chest.
"...You have to be kidding me."
Sherlock sighed. "Then choc'ate?"
"Jawn," Sherlock said around the thumb in his mouth; "B'eds'icks."
John scoops the jumper off the floor where it had been forgotten before guiding Sherlock out of the sitting room and out onto the landing.
"Yeah," Greg said, rubbing the back of his head. "I want to help him too, Myc...but we're not going to bully him back into it. I don't want to force him to stay and be little when he doesn't want."
Mycroft murmured, and kissed his little brother's forehead.
Daddy pulls him up and into his lap and snuggles him, whispering forgiveness into his skin until his eyes dry and he's only occasionally sniffling.
Sherlock paused in chewing the jam off the top of his biscuit; "Bo'ddle?"
"After we've finished dinner."
"Din'nah sh'ange."
“Piss off.”
"G'eg?...G'eg?"
Sherlock stopped wriggling just as he was halfway out of Greg's arms. He looked up at him and sniffled; "...Ar'ell?"
“Christ Mycroft! I said no pets! Especially not exotic pets! Couldn’t you have got him a goldfish instead?”
"It's very charming," Mycroft kissed the plaster. "Would you like a biscuit now? They are butter cremes."
Greg half-smirked. "What? Can't eat you? Why not?"
Molly chewed her lip for a moment before picking up the turquoise dress and scurrying behind them. "Don't look?"
"Yea, a'course."
"Po'ddy. Say 'wai' f'ah G'eg'."
“Yea. Y’ike our vi’da’mins. Oh! Sher’yock! We din’nah ta’ge our F’yibestones today!”
"I promise."
"No sir, the lid stays on." Greg began to add dirt to his pot. "And use small shakes."
“Why come you dun’ wanna share sna’gs wi’f me?” Jawn laid down, scrubbing his face with his hands.
Molly's eyes widened. "No, he didn't."
"We don't have any edible glitter, sweetheart."
"Because you haven't taken your eyes off Sherlock all evening. Which is wonderful, and I love you for it. But it also means I can watch whatever I please, for once."
- ...He must have gotten anxious when the first message was not replied to.
When he got closer, he stopped.
"Mycroft said no."
Jawn chewed his lip, but couldn’t stop himself from snorting out a giggle, and once he’d started he couldn’t stop. “You stink so much!” He said, pressing his own face against Sherlock’s. “How do you do this every time?!”
"Moana," Greg called from the bathroom.
The noise happened again before Greg looked around and realized that the movie was on the menu screen. "Jawn," he groaned, then rolled out of bed and took the baby monitor with him. No need wake up those lumps.
“Absolutely not. Under no circumstances can your…”
“If you recall, two little monsters ate about half my plate.”
Sherlock didn't look satisfied with that answer, but didn't argue. "...Can we wa'sh pan'a mo'bie?"
"This is the good bit, watch, so dramatic. Ugh! The hair flip!"
"Gregory," Mycroft chided. "We've already seen them!"
Sherlock tipped his head, considering; "No, I ha'd 'em too."
. "Would you like to play with the paints?"
Jawn giggled and stuck out his tongue. “I wan’ the umbrella back.”
"Oh." Sherlock chewed on his lip. "G'eg ge'd new d'ess?"
"Christ. I'll be back." Greg disappeared out the door as the doorbell rang again.
"No'ddy p'ish," Sherlock agreed, letting it plop back into the water.
"I dun y'ike i'd by myself."
"I nee' i'd all today," Sherlock plopped his bum on the ground began to lay out his supplies, arranging the bits and bobs.
Molly gave a happy little wiggle.
Sherlock frowned, making the bandage over his eye tip comically. "Bu'd..."
“Yes, Jawn will have better behavior. Are we going to need to do this again?”
, I'm not going back 'to the dope'," he sneered. "There was a purpose to that, and now that purpose is over."
The little detective kept his eyes glued to the sidewalk.
He tried to stuff a foot into one of Daddy’s boots, growling when it didn’t fit. Nothing was right today. Kicking Daddy’s boots aside, he slipped his feet into his trainers before moving silently down the steps.
"Yeah, Snoopy. Snoopy's going to make your eye feel better." Greg held up one of the plasters to Sherlock's eye, turning it this way and that to see the best way to fit it.
John resumes spanking again, and Sherlock is breathless.
Greg stuck out his bottom lip and huffed. "Tit," he muttered, and turned back to the baby. "Wha'dja say, muffin?"
“Attitude, Jawn.”
"No, look up muffin."
"That does not mean you're not allowed to tell me how you feel," John explained, rubbing his hand down Sherlock's robe clad back. "You may always do that, just with a respectful tone, no shouting, and no foul talk."
I suppose it’s natural for parents to cry on their kid’s first day of school, but this usually happens when the kid is five. I’m 16, and until today, I was home-schooled. I know what you’re thinking, home-school kids are freaks, or are super religious. But my family’s not like that. We’re pretty normal, except for the fact that I grew up in Afghanistan. My father was in the military, and so we spent the last four years living nearby the army base where my dad was stationed. But now his years of active duty are up, and we’re back to living in London. Well, most of us. My older sister, Harry, decided to go to Uni in America.
Sherlock continued to ignore John, focusing his attention on Irene.
“His shoes.” Sherlock said, his attention shifting back to the officer. “They’re missing.”
"Me too, mate. Me too," John chuckled. "We don't have to worry about Griffins until year five."
John tried to ignore his disappointment.
"Yes," Sherlock confirmed. "I got...I was flustered, and he didn't seem to find me all that odd looking, so I..."
It was clear that the angel was an old family heirloom. The whole thing was made of crystal, and it looked as though it were a hundred years old. John stood on the ladder, climbing to the top and placing the angel in its spot gently.
"Oh Sherlock," Moriarty sounded disappointed. "Humans make you weak. I thought you of all people realised that."
“We don’t get together very often.” Sherlock replied. “If it’s not Christmas, then it’s because I’ve done something to upset Mycroft, making it very unpleasant.”
"Ah...it's a rude version of 'go away', I suppose," Sherlock replied. "Most humans dislike when I observe things about them."
"And you're Tom Anderson," John replied. "It's nice to meet you."
“Oh, hello, Victor!” Violet greeted happily, and Sherlock’s head whipped around so fast that John nearly winced in sympathy. “Did you have a good time at the store?”
"But we
"Who do we trust automatically, even when we don't know them?" Sherlock mused. "Who can wander the corridors and we don't even notice them?"
“Um…” I begin, looking around the cafeteria for a distraction. This turns out to be a bad idea, because it turns out Sherlock Holmes has decided to eat lunch today. I might have been looking for too long, because when I turn back to Jim and Sebastian, they are looking at me with shock.
“You mean the world to me,” John said, fiddling with the box that he was keeping just out of Sherlock’s sight. “You have, since the moment you kidnapped me from that bloody coffee shop.”
Sherlock was silent for a moment, a rush of fondness for Molly Hooper rushing over him. Though he rarely found her to be tolerable for long stretches of time, Molly had proven to be an excellent friend.
“I just…I wanted to see him.” John confessed, feeling embarrassed and ashamed. “I…when I saw him in Afghanistan, it was like…starting new. Like, my previous life was over, and I had a whole new future to look forward to.”
“Not your traditional human ship.” Purple rolled his eyes. “I do not come from your planet.”
John can’t stop the blush that spread across his cheeks like wildfire, and Jim’s smile widened in triumph, fingers lacing through John’s quickly. John ignored the knuckle cracking coming from Sebastian, wondering how long  he would have before the need to exorcize Sebastian Moran became too great.
name is Gregory Lestrade, though he hardly knows I exist.” Mycroft said, keeping his eyes fixed on the food he was piling in front of himself.
“I don’t know.” I reply, trying to sound soothing.
“Well, this one can.” John sighed, rolling his eyes. “I can also punch you if need be, so stop ignoring my questions.”
, and I..." Sherlock trailed off, looking unsure.
“Doubtful. No, it’s the work of the same person. I just need a connection. Anything at all.”
Turning away from Sherlock, I answer my phone with a curt greeting. I wasn’t expecting the response that I received.
"What are your hobbies?" John asked, "Saving the world on the weekend?"
“Nonsense, Victor.” Mummy said. “You’re our guest.”
“You…do?” Sherlock asks, frowning slightly. “But why?”
“I…oh god. Yes.” John buried his face in his hands. “Sorry.”
“It’s true, Mary. Some bloke from the coffee shop kidnapped me. You have to get the police!”
“Yes, you can.” Mary said, smoothing down the front of her red coat. “I would like to report a kidnapping.”
“Is that any way to speak to your mother, Sherlock?” The feminine voice of Violet Holmes asked, causing any lingering tendrils of unconsciousness to promptly vanish.
"And you assumed I was Tom. Understandable. You were told he would be tall, with a long coat and a scarf."
“That’s Victor Trevor.” Mike says. “He’s the leader of their little group.”
Ch. 5
Sheol watched him go, clearly amused. Cain chuckled behind him.
"Oh my god, Jim," Victor says. "Could you possibly be more idiotic?"
"And yours too," Jim pointed out. "You're a regular hero."
Sherlock gritted his teeth as the car rammed into them again, then he picked up his speed, barely managing to keep ahead of his pursuer.
“Not what I meant.” John rolled his eyes. “Just…fine, turn around or something.”
"But it
“We are not currently dating.” Sherlock informs me, blowing a plume of smoke between his lips. It’s almost artistic, and he’s clearly mastered and I would appreciate it more if I wasn’t so against smoking.
“For what?”
"Shut it, you." Mike interrupted Bill, before turning back to John. "We wish you all the best with this mystery bloke, but we've got a little something up our sleeves if it doesn't work out."
Hudson's stomach drops out from underneath him, the pleasant thoughts of his wife dashed away by pure hatred. It's him, the creature that put him here. Struggling against the bonds that hold him down, Hudson tries desperately to get to the man. He wants to rip out his beautiful blue eyes.
“I do believe he’s mine now.” His master, Sherlock, said. His pale hand reached out to snatch the remote away, which was quickly deposited in his trouser pocket. “Thank you very much. I do believe John and I are going to take our leave now.”
At first, Sherlock didn't see anything. The round tank that occupied the centre of the room seemed to be empty. Upon closer inspection, however, he saw the creature.
"John..." Sherlock stepped closer to him, not even giving the kettle a passing glance as it began to whistle shrilly.
“This is why I keep you around. You’re cute, sweet, and mildly intelligent. Anyway, best be off. Sherlock and I have a little pre-lunch snogging to catch up on. Ciao!”
The last thing John Watson remembered was the hot, sunny desert of Afghanistan; the sounds of gunfire background noise to the shouts of commanding officers. He remembered the hot pierce of a bullet, his entire left shoulder feeling like it was on fire. The last thing John saw before the blackness enveloped him was the panicked face of Private Bill Murray, his lips moving frantically as he reassured John that he was going to be alright, that everything would be okay. That’s why when John woke up on a cold metal table in the middle of a sterile white room, he was more than a little confused.
He sighed softly, not really wanting to begin their repetitive fight so early in the morning. Really, if he could go one day without arguing about his job, his romantic life and his future, it couldn’t come too soon.
“No?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, flopping down on the bed on his back. “They told you everyone hated me as a kid, and that I’m the same way as an adult.”
John laughed, pressing a kiss to his cheek before continuing what Sherlock started.
Sheol: The abode of the dead in the bible.
The word sat heavy in John’s mind. He had been invalided from the army. They had given him a small pension, a tiny bedsit in London, and a few medals.
John burst out laughing, patting Sherlock on the shoulder, who flushed and tried desperately not to lean into the touch.
, did it feel nice.
"Hey there, Mary," John greeted.
“Perhaps something you grew or herded yourself?” Sheol suggested, “Show him the hard work you two have been doing, he shall be proud to see it.”
Both Molly and John looked at Sherlock in surprise, then John began to grin.
“Ergh.” John groaned, turning so he could rest against the skip, trying desperately to keep his eyes open. “Christ…what is happening to me?”
"Of course." Angelo clapped a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "This man, he got me out of a murder charge."
"Great!" Jim said. "I'll be right back, I just have to pick up my rucksack from the street."
John’s eyes widened, and he looked up in surprise. Sure enough, he and Sherlock were directly under the mistletoe.
"The pleasure is all mine," was what came out instead. Sherlock took his hand, giving it a firm shake.
“So, does this mean I get to keep him?”
Sherlock merely stared at John, who ceased his babbling quickly.
John noticed the faint glow in Moriarty's throat, realizing immediately what the dragon was about to do. He reacted instinctually, knocking Sherlock out of the path of white-hot flames, his hair getting singed as they both fell to the floor.
"Sebastian?" One of Greg's eyebrows lift in disbelief.
Sherlock gazed down at their joined hands for a moment, and John wondered if he had overstepped his boundaries. A small squeeze from Sherlock reassured him, and he squeezed back before letting go.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh no," Madam Pince shook her head, "who was it this time?"
"What did you do?" John asked.
"Yes, but I didn't think you would actually do it."
Sherlock hummed to himself, his fingertips pressed together, forming a steeple under his chin. How would one capture a human such as Dr Watson? He hoped it wouldn’t be too difficult.
“My name. I’m Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade.” The DI repeated.
"He will," The boy said again. "Sorry, I didn't catch your name."
"Tom."
Sherlock's mouth snapped shut, trying to look properly contrite as he turned back to the thumbs she had given him.
"Ties," He said, feeling confused. "But I don't wear ties."
After stopping by the main office to grab his information packet, (a bright green packet with 'St. Bartholomew's Academy stamped on the front) he milled around, trying to get his bearings. The college wasn't overly large or anything, but it would still be easy to get lost if he wasn't paying attention.
“Subject 6745, homo sapiens.” A cool voice said nearby, and John’s eyes opened just in time to see a group of five people standing in front of what John assumed to be a wall, but now was open space that lead to a hallway. He watched as a blank, white wall slid smoothly and silently back into place, completely hiding the hallway from view once more. John couldn’t even see a seam where the door was, just smooth expanse.
"Not like I have much of a choice, do I?"
“Sherlock!” Victor grins, “You’re eating with us today. We’ve missed you so much. You probably haven’t met the newest member of our group! Sherlock this is…John, what are you wearing?” Victor’s face wrinkles when he sees my shirt.
“I grew it out for you. Mycroft said it looks like a bird’s nest.”
"I didn't need to," Sherlock said. "Your haircut and posture says military, but your hands tell me you're a doctor. You willingly gave up your soul for your sister, but only after I informed you that her fate would be worse than yours. So, strong moral principal. That's not even touching the fact that you were bored out of your mind in London, and that you're
"Shouldn't I be?" John frowned, looking up at him.
“Pardon?”
"That's not answering my question," Lestrade sighed.
joining you, you silly boy.” Ann Watson said, smoothing John’s hair down. “I’m just not as…alive as we would have hoped.”
"I never specified what 'going well' meant." Tom said. "I personally think this is going splendidly."
"What?" Sherlock's gaze returned to John.
“I would
"Oh! Yeah, no, I called off the wedding a few weeks ago."
Sherlock couldn’t stop his smile as John finished reading, looking ever so proud of himself. He had done a good job reading the story as well, not that he would ever admit it out loud. His family began to clap, and Sherlock joined in, unable to hold back a chuckle as John took a bow just like the one he had done after putting the angel on top of the tree.
So farewell, Insatiable. It's been fun.
The door shut silently behind Moriarty, and only when John heard the soft footsteps reach the bottom of the landing did he relax.
“Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock says, grabbing her hand and kissing it, like he was some 15
“Mycroft, you have to help me.” Sheol began as soon as he saw the angel. Mycroft looked up from his desk, frowning at Sheol.
He never felt so alone.
John laughed softly, folding up the long forgotten newspaper. "Sherlock, I
“That’s brilliant. I would love to see you on a case sometime.”
"Is this some kind of joke to you?" Greg splutters, surprising us both. "There is a dead kid, and you're making jokes about it."
Sorry again, you gorgeous creatures!
"Not sure. Tell him he dumped me over the phone?" I suggest.
“A caged animal, no matter how small, can be very dangerous.” Mycroft replied sombrely. “Do not take them lightly.”
Without a second thought, he grabbed his Belstaff, wrapping it around himself to ward off any winter chill. He gave the pockets a quick pat, satisfied to feel his mobile in the right hand pocket. Then he grabbed the scarf and made his way out of the morgue.
after all, designed with you in mind. If you had bothered to read more than the beginning sentence of your licencing contract, you would have realised that should your collar be unlocked by any means other than the micro-chipped key I was given, an automatic sedative would be injected into your bloodstream.”
“I wouldn’t mind if you read it.” Sherlock replied, and John turned to look at him in surprise.
“Hey…Sarah, is it?” I say and she nods vigorously. “I am going to need three candy canes. One is for Victor Trevor from me, but can I do something a little different with the other two?” Another nod. Oh, this is going to be easier than I expected.
“Of course!” John’s smile was infectious, and he grabbed Sherlock’s hand, tugging him towards the small dwelling. They were quiet as they walked inside, John leading him up a flight of stairs and into a tiny bedroom.
“His heart will beat no more.” The angel said simply. Turning to Sheol, the angel extended a hand. “I have come for Abel’s soul.”
“What shall you call yourself?” Greg asked, curiosity in his voice.
"What are you going to do about that, anyway?" Greg asks me, and I shrug. I had told them all what had happened during lunch a few days before.
"Oh, that was just the first impression," Sherlock said, strolling in a lazy circle around John. "You've been injured, but it wasn't your leg. You're standing just fine, as if you've forgotten about your injury. So it's psychosomatic. But the way you're holding your shoulders suggests there was an injury there. So, an army doctor invalided home."
“Flour-bomb?” John snorted. “Now this is a story I’ve got to hear!”
He stalked away, turning around when he reached the door, a smirk gracing his face.
“Hello, is someone out here?” A voice calls, and Sherlock looks around, trying to find the source of the gibberish. There is a small house about a quarter of a macton away, and a small blond creature was coming towards his pod-ship.
"I'm going to have to exorcise Sebastian Moran," John said.
"Sorry, what?" John asked. "Who said anything about a human?"
Sherlock straightened up finally, “I will go and save their perfect little souls.”
“Because you were a doctor as well as a solider.” Sherlock said in a clipped tone. “And half the dragons at the Yard are complete idiots. Are you coming or not?”
"That's not what people normally say."
I didn’t think staying away from Victor Trevor or his group of plastics would be too difficult. It was clear that they would never even know of my existence, let alone deign to talk to me.
“Yeah, he does that.” Sherlock straightens his curls.
When Watson ducked down an alley, Sherlock followed, wondering if this was some kind of shortcut for the human. He was extremely surprised to find himself pinned against the wall just moments later, a wary looking Watson glaring up at him.
“They’ve been going out on and off for about a year.” Sebastian says. “Sherlock broke up with Victor for no good reason a couple of weeks ago.”
They spent the rest of the afternoon talking, the girl storming off in a huff after Sherlock deduced her failing grades. John, it turned out, was an excellent rugby player, and he wanted Sherlock to come see him play. Sherlock told John that he was an excellent violinist, and that he wanted John to hear him play. When they parted that evening, it was in high spirits, and Sherlock was pleased at how well the evening had turned out. He snuck back to his pod later that night, taking off while John was still asleep. There were several missed holograms from his parents, and at least five just from Mycroft, but nothing could bring him down.
There was, of course, no photographs of the creature. The veterinarians and doctors that had operated on the thing had been sworn to secrecy, and any time the discovery had been brought up to local authority, the subjected of discussion was quickly changed.
“Welcome to the family, Victor.” Father said with a firm pat to John’s back.
“Black, no sugar.” Sherlock said absently, his phone that had begun to vibrate pulling him from the haze of the break up.
"All good things, apparently," Sherlock sniffed, trying not to look offended.
The Shining One laughed brightly. "I am not an angel, no."
Cain bent down as well, pressing his hand to where the glow had appeared. Panic spread across Cain’s face, and he shook Abel harder. “Brother! Wake up, oh please wake up.”
John stared at Sherlock for a few seconds before bursting into laughter.
“Sheol!” A voice called, full of excitement. The sound pulls Sheol from his thoughts, and he looks at the leaves around him in mild surprise, as if the tree had grown around him instead of him climbing it just this morning. “Sheol!” The voice calls again, and Sheol knows that it is his friend-brother looking for him. Sheol looked down from his tree branch, a smile creeping over his face.
“When is Mycroft supposed to arrive?” Sherlock asked, looking through the front window. As if Sherlock had called his name, a black car appeared, looking as shiny and new as it did brand new. “Ah, speak of the devil.”
John was far away from home. For the past three Earth sun cycles, John had been in the middle of a large desert with a bunch of other people wearing the same uniform. They played with things that called guns, and people fell down never to stand up again.
“Can I ask where we’re going?” Lestrade asked when he caught up to Sherlock, his breath only slightly elevated from trying to keep up with the taller vampire. Sherlock smirked, glancing at him briefly.
The man shook his head, a small, quick jerk that caused his curls to bounce. “You are important, John Watson. More than anyone realises.”
"John!" A female voice called, and he turned to see Mary Morstan waving at him.
It's my birthday and I'll cry if I want to. You would cry too if you
“You want to marry me.” It was a statement of surprise, not a question.
"Of course you did." John huffed, "You had better text me, then."
His parents told him for years, getting more exasperated each time.
“His name is Sheol.” The Shining One says behind him. “And he is your punishment for sin. For no matter how far you run, he shall find you. For you were made from the dust, and to the dust you will return.”
" Sherlock gasped when he saw it.
“You came!” John said as he broke away from his celebrating team. He looked as though he had just climbed out of a swimming pool. His rugby jersey clung to his defined chest in a way that made Sherlock feel hot all over.
“I know. You’ve told me all about Victor, Seb.” I reply, hoping to sound consoling.
"Don't you hurt him!" I snap, causing Jim to laugh.
"Yeah, lucky me," John muttered. "You need to stop haunting your ex-boyfriend. It's getting creepy."
“Don’t mention marriage to Victor.” Sherlock’s voice rose, and John could hear a tinge of panic in his tone. “We haven’t been dating all that long. I don’t want you to scare him off.”
Most dragons hadn’t looked twice at John, and those that did became disinterested as soon as they heard his name. Needless to say, the human was extremely confused. It was more than obvious that his new ‘master’ was wealthy and could afford any human that he wanted. Why on earth would he want
Mycroft merely smiled at her before turning his full attention on his food. A comfortable silence settled over the dining room, each person enjoying the comradery without having to spoil it with useless chatter. A small movement from John caught Sherlock’s eye, and he looked over, surprised to see John grinning at him. He smiled back, a warm, swooping sensation completely turning his brain offline for a second.
“I do,” Sherlock confirmed. “Quite well, actually. I always have.”
“I…what?” Sherlock looked down at himself, as if to figure out what John was talking about. “I may have grown a few inches…”
“So, how did you get my number?” I ask as we walk away from the small crowd. Sherlock smirks at me, pulling out a cigarette.
The glow was gone, disappearing as suddenly as it had come, and Sheol looked down in confusion. He shook Abel’s shoulder gently.
“We are going to have to do something about that head, though…”
Tom laughed softly, "Yeah, Molly says that you never forget the first time you meet Sherlock Holmes."
"The problem is that he has a murderous ex-boyfriend," Sherlock said. "And I'd rather keep you alive, if it's all the same to you."
-ow!"
“I am the prince of the planet Holmes.” Purple smirked. “Twenty years ago I was exploring your galaxy when I discovered your planet. I was drawn to the small island you call Great Britain, where I discovered you. I decided then that you would be mine.”
"I didn't expect you to work it out this soon," Jim replies easily. "I thought you would go running to big brother for help."
Sherlock looked over at him in surprise, and he was shocked to find out that John was telling the truth. John grinned at the whole family before peeling off his borrowed jumper and putting on the brand new one. It looked good on him, though Sherlock probably wouldn’t admit it out loud. The dark blue hues brought out the blue in his eyes.
“I’m sure Victor and Sherlock would like to be alone right now.” Mycroft said helpfully, and Sherlock shot him a suspicious look. Mycroft never helped anyone out unless it suited him. “Oh come off it, Sherlock. My brother just got engaged, I don’t think I need a reason to help you out.”
clear in John's eyes. "I grew worried."
“Go find a seat, I’ll be right back.” John said, and Sherlock took a seat on the sofa by the window, wondering what John was up to. He came back only seven minutes later, the cookies in one hand, and a bottle of wine and two glasses in the other.
After what felt like ages, "Witte, Oliver" was sorted into Ravenclaw, and the feast began. Perhaps it was the large quantities of food that had Sherlock chatting amicably with his neighbours, but when he fell into his blue four-poster bed that night, he knew that it had been one of the best days of his life.
"Why, man, it is the most practical medico-legal discovery for years. Don't you see that it gives us an infallible test for blood stains? Come over here now!" Sherlock grabbed Watson by the sleeve of his coat, dragging him to a large container of water. “Let us have some fresh blood.”
“She won’t go to…hell, or wherever it is your realm is?”
“He wasn’t murdered, he drowned in the pool!” The officer says, and I have a feeling this isn’t the first time he’s saying it. “It was an accident, nothing more.”
Maybe Greg Lestrade wasn’t a good idea as a potential slave; after all, Sherlock would have difficulties drinking from the human if he constantly reminded him of his last slave.
“Well, I didn’t know. Sherlock has never kidnapped anyone before…” Molly said, and Tom put a comforting arm around her.
John swam to the top of the tank, leaning his body over the glass so he could peer down at Sherlock.
"I wasn't allowed to say anything," Mycroft replied. “You were supposed to find him on your own. And you refused to speak to me for over a thousand years.”
“No, Victor wouldn’t approve, would he?” Sherlock says in amusement.
seriously this year. I wonder why that could be.”
I open my mouth to apologise, but I'm stopped by a heavily intoxicated bloke, who proceeds to use me as a full body support.
"Are you sure?"
"There's still time to disappoint," Sherlock replied, the words playful instead of biting.
"But you will." Mummy said. "Open your second gift."
“And not me?” I chuckle, nudging him.
"Yes, well, you looked down trodden that your relationship with Tim-"
"With...you?" Molly said. "But...did you tell him you weren't Tom?"
“I meant over by the punch bowl.” Victor gestures to the large bowl of punch, which has steadily become less punch and more vodka as the night went on. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he walked over to the bowl all the same, turning to give Victor a look as if to say ‘why are you wasting my time?’
“The rising cost of hair product?” Greg grins. “Please say you’ll do it!”
They came to a halt, and Sherlock struggled to get the makeshift blindfold off. He needed to see John, needed to get a read on him. Gentle hands lifted the cloth off his face, and suddenly John was in front of him, smiling warmly.
John grinned as he looked at his graduating class, amazing at how different everyone looked after only 10 years. At first, the idea of a 10 year class reunion seemed a bit ridiculous.
I’m about to respond, but movement out of the corner of my eye catches my attention, and I see that Victor is walking towards me, his normal smirk plastered on his face.
Sherlock couldn't stop the lazy grin that spread across his face. Usually he had better control of his transport, but John's very existence seemed to be doing odd things to it.
It was at that moment a door rattled, John turned towards the sound, surprised to see the side door swinging open. He watched for a moment, beaming when Sherlock popped through.
"John, you okay?" Jim asked, squeezing his shoulders with an arm that had somehow wrapped around him during the action.
“Oh?”
“Well, I
“Of course.” Sherlock gave a small, hesitant smile in return. “That’s not what people normally say.”
“Okay, we don’t do this a lot, so you should know that this is a huge deal.” Victor says before I can ask them what’s going on. He flicks a look at Sebastian, who picks up on the one sided conversation effortlessly. It’s like they planned it or something.
“I…yes.” John said slowly, watching scales begin to spread over some of the dragons’ skins. A few even transformed into their dragon form, growling deeply.
John laughed, sitting down on the blanket and leaning his back against the small sofa. “It ruins the ambiance. Just humour me, okay?”
"Yes, far too many."
"Now!" Hope said, looking pleased when John stood. He turned back to his food, but Sherlock could see him watching out of the corner of his eye.
"What about Carl Powers?" I ask
“Victor and Sherlock are standing under the
"Of course," John said. "That was extraordinary. Simply extraordinary."
“Victor.” Sherlock interrupted, giving the gaping blond a chastising look. “Why don’t you go get settled? We’re in the bunk room at the end of the upstairs hallway.”
"What?" Sherlock shook his head. "No!"
The demon chuckled, clearly pleased with John’s reactions. “No. She will, unless she is a complete idiot, go to heaven.”
“Not at all.” The voice is amused now, “They can't see me because I am death.” With those words, a hand nearly as white as the sheets below him snakes across his vision. The hand, landing on his chest, feels ice cold. The cold seeps through his body, freezing his blood. “Enjoy hell, Mr. Hudson.”
“What do they normally say?”
"If this is about me doing your homework-" Sherlock began, a flush high on his cheekbones.
“Sixty quid?” David Watson cried at the outrage, but his seventeen year old son was already out of the taxi, unloading the boxes out of the boot. As they haggled over price, John took the opportunity to look around, admiring the sights.
“No.” John confirmed. “It seems that they lack a filter. Kind of like you.”
Mycroft looked down at Sherlock’s extended hand in disdain. “Whatever for?”
“Well, I suppose I never really knew them well. Only said a couple words to each of them.” I say.
“I’ll be…right here.” The blond gestured, looking at his wrists pointedly. Sherlock spared him a small grin before heading inside the station.
“The law is the law.” Mycroft agreed. “And you have broken it, Watson. You have been sentenced to a lifetime of slavery.”
“Yeah, I can see you.” John said, rolling his eyes. “And you’re on my bed, in my room.”
“It’s nice.” John commented, peering up at the upstairs windows. “Small, but we don’t need anything bigger, now that Harry’s off to Uni.”
“I’m not the one forgetting my new human’s leash, am I?” Mycroft’s voice sounded smug, and John decided that he didn’t much like the elder dragon. His new master seemed to share his opinion, and with a snort of disgust, snatched the chain that would serve as John’s leash off the handler’s desk.
“Wait…Sherlock?!” John practically choked.
The only person who ended up leaving was Sherlock, as most people don't take kindly to being called an idiot. Not that being thrown out was going to stop Sherlock, of course, but it did put a damper on his mood.
Sherlock's eyes widened momentarily, before realizing that John was joking.
"Sorry," Tom said, looking amused when Sherlock glanced up at him.
“Did I do something wrong?” John asked in surprise.
The lie falls easily from my mouth. It was the best thing I could think of in such a short amount of time; a secret boyfriend should easily distract them. It wasn't a complete lie either, judging by the way Sherlock had kissed me only the night before.
“If you’re from Afghanistan, why are you white?” Jim asks, confusion clear on his face. I stare at him for a few seconds, trying to figure out if he’s joking or not.
“But I shall die anyway.” Otto said. Sheol’s face swiftly became horrified, and Otto held up a placating hand. “Listen to me. It is true. Human’s cannot live forever, and if it gives me the chance to be with you forever, then I shall take it.”
"A case?" John sounded intrigued. "You didn't tell me there was a case on. Anything I can do to help?"
"How do you know it’s a him?" John countered.
"Promises promises," Irene said. "You'll never believe the gossip I just got from John here!"
The doors opened just seconds later, and waves of people crowded into the tiny space, pressing themselves up against the glass so they could see John better. Sherlock found himself shunted off to the side unceremoniously.
“He’s not my boyfriend.” I say quickly, just as Sherlock is saying “We’re not kids!”
“No. Just tell him what you told me.” Greg smiled, looking over John’s shoulder at something. John followed his gaze, his breath stuttering at the sight of Sherlock, standing there, looking incredibly annoyed.
John bought him some sugary, whipped concoction that was surprisingly delicious. By the time his drink was made, the girl was back and wrapped around John.
"Don't look so lovesick," Mike snickers at me. "Victor will catch on that your secret boyfriend is his ex."
Right now, death was terrified.
They hated him for it.
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock responded meekly. “There was a crime scene, and I-”
Shackled quickly, the guards lead Hudson down a long hallway, ignoring the jeers of the other prisoners.
“Oh, even when he was younger, Sherlock wanted to be a detective.” Violet said. “He would talk about solving murders, and examining bodies.”
She vanished back into the house, and they followed her, Sherlock intentionally forgetting about the garbage he left on the sidewalk.
“Of sorts.” John answered, smiling up at him. “Though, probably not how you’re thinking.”
“Hell no.” Lestrade shook his head. “Human deaths are never acceptable.”
Sherlock thought to the faceless mass. ‘
"We've been asking you questions all afternoon," a woman pointed out, her pencil moving furiously as she struggled to write everything down.
-Katharine Butler Hathaway
"Oh? Oh!" John flushed, his eyes widening with realisation. "Christ, we've been friends for months and I never...I mean, the boys will really like your curls."
John was smiling at him, still so very much alive. Sherlock grabbed John, trying to see if he could detect his soul, but there was nothing.
“After what you did to me?” Sherlock snorted. “No, I believe I have earned my right to be angry.”
"That's not what people normally say," Sherlock said slowly.
"Right, sorry about that. The name is John Watson," The boy said, sitting down next to Sherlock. "Gryffindor second year, and a muggleborn, may I add."
“This is my room?” John asked, feeling surprised. From what he understood, most dragon’s kept their human slaves in their rooms. It made it easier to watch them, and they were always at the ready if their dragon needed something.
"I don't care about that," Sherlock said haughtily. "I'm just concerned that you're going to go and get yourself killed by some idiot, and then you'll be stuck here forever."
Robottko
“Oh, you know. I’m doing alright.” John grinned at Sherlock, which caused another flutter in the pits of his stomach. “Barely got any sleep.”
“Does everyone get a soul mate?” Sheol asks before he can stop himself. Greg understands what he is trying to say.
Victor turns to me, and he starts to say something, but I'm distracted by movement behind him. At first, all I see is Sherlock walking down the corridors, but it doesn't take long to realise what's happening, and my heart constricts in my chest.
Sherlock sighed as his family and John gathered round in the sitting room, each of them grabbing their gift from under the tree. Mummy even remembered to get John something, and he held the lumpy package in his hands,
Thrilled by his new name, Sheol looks upon his new companions. Their skin is the same deep colour as the bark on the trees, their hair a rich black. Startled, he sees green leaves on their bodies, so he looks at himself to see if he grows leaves as well. His skin is not the warm brown as the others, but an icy white, smooth and unblemished. He is not adorned in leaves, but is fully naked for the man and woman to see. Unembarrassed, he examines himself closely, taking in every detail about himself.
This chapter is really really short and you deserve so much more but guess what?!?! I'll be updating on August 31st so you have an actual update date to look forward to!
"Idiots, huh?" He asked. "Are you some kind of genius?"
"I...yes. How on earth did
"Yes?"
“Oh, Sherlock…” Mummy sighed. It was an old argument of theirs.
“Hardly world famous, dear.” Father chuckled. “More like family famous. Victor isn’t a vegetarian, is he?”
“The shooting wasn’t really my fault, thanks.” John retorted, crossing his arms over his chest, annoyed at the new stiffness in his shoulder.
“Why have you saved my life?” John asked. “This is twice, now.”
Sherlock's whole body went warm at that, and he tried to mentally will the flush from his cheeks. Judging by the look on John's face, he wasn't entirely successful.
. I shall see you when you come back. I have things to do.”
He walked to the first door he saw, knocking softly. A few moments later the door opened, an older lady peering out at him in confusion.
"If you don't mind, some of us are trying to work," Sherlock snapped, glaring down at the blond head that was resting on the table. "You're making quite a racket, and I-
"So, is the
"I'm still here. Was that alright?"
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
Kublai had withdrawn from social functions after that, which greatly saddened Sheol. To see someone so powerful cut down by death was unbearable for him to see.
"Apparently your previous boyfriend couldn't be bothered to remember my scarf, so I had to chase after him," Sherlock replied with a sniff.
“Mm', you’d have been to small to remember. But I’m guessing you’re similar too.”
“Oh.”
“Yes, I see, wonderful job,” Mycroft said without turning around, and poured the box of mini-rigatoni into the boiling water. Some things never changed…including his brothers’ need to be praised. Oh, well…he was more than glad to indulge him.
“I didn’t really have to go then.” He says chewing on his bottom lip and making a show of shuffling his feet. “But I really have to go now.”
"Sheep love to snuggle duvets. They can share Mycroft's side of the bed."
"Wonderful. Where's your dummy?"
"Is boo'tiful!" Sherlock clapped.
Mycroft cleared his throat. "No, because we already have two clear winners right here. It wouldn't be a fair competition," he said, working to keep a straight-ish face.
“I dun’ y’ike ‘s’cussin’ f’ings.” Jawn took the garbage and binned it.
“N-nn-no, n-no,” Jawn cried meekly as Sherlock fetched the hastily discarded garment from the floor, and handed it over. “N-no, no t-touch!”
"Jus' two," Sherlock repeated, leaning down until he was almost nose-to nose with the cup, and squeezed. "One...two."
"The toast, dear," Mrs. Hudson chose to ignore his outburst; again.
"I y'ike your pan's!"
“Jus’a ti’b,” Jawn said, putting his finger up to the first knuckle in the currant sauce.
Greg looked over his shoulder to see if Sherlock was ready...the poor thing had his shoes on the right feet, at least, but he just couldn't get them tied. "Here, baby boy," Greg said, and took over. "Listen, you did the right thing by calling me, yeah? You knew what to do, and I'm proud of you."
“No,” Sherlock shook his head, dropplets of water flying off the forming ringlets. “I’m ready for big boy time.”
"I should. Don't tell your brother," Greg said, and handed the baby another biscuit. "How about we watch Dory again? You like that one, don't you?"
"Gladly!" Greg nudged Mycroft out of the way; "Here you go, sweetpea."
"Tay'does."
Mycroft and Sherlock passed up the little captain and he trotted along behind them.
Mycroft cracked open an eye to see a giant dancing crab with terrible teeth. "...He sounds like Bowie."
“That’s lovely. Can you draw some more fish? They like to live in big groups called schools.”
“Even if I’m getting smacks?” The detective asked in an impossibly small voice.
...Oh, God."
Greg carefully placed the padding of the plaster on Sherlock's stitches and then used strips he'd made to adhere it the plaster to his face. "Looks a bit like a Snoopy spider...it's very cute," he added, just in case the baby balked.
Greg reached under the sink and pulled out the bubbles, emptying two cap fulls under the running tap. "I do like a lot of things, I've just never listed em out like you."
“Jawn, Jawn, Jawn! Soap on'a hands,” Sherlock sing-song'ed as he helped Jawn wash his hands. “Scrub, scrub, scrub. All c’ean, Jawn.”
"Would you like to try on a different dress?" he asked, clearly deflecting.
"Tha's okay." Sherlock shuffled his feet.
Sherlock frowned. "They not yucky!" he insisted.
"G'eg w'ong? Sherlock mumbled, and sat up.
"Ea'd. Nine. Ten!" Sherlock clapped as Greg reappeared. "You di' i'd!"
“You’re wrong, it’s Mean G’een Long Jawns!”
He scooted over as Grammy got out of Daddy’s chair. He watched her collect his things from the kitchen, a bit dejected.
"Ooookay."
"Boyfriend?"
"Huh?"
"Make a wish and blow out the candles!"
“I would make this day last for all time, then fill the night deep in moonshine.” Jawn smiled into his lap as Sherlock hummed along as he moved through the verse one more time.
"You're welcome. Were you thirsty?" Mycroft asked as he opened his seafood curry.
"You was gone fore'ber. I f'ought you nee' my hal'b."
Sherlock craned his head to see the rocks that Greg had to carefully arranged. "Oh...goo' job."
"Y'ah, he does tha'd al'la time."
wrist deep," Sherlock added.
"Whas' at?" Greg grumbled, burying his face further in his pillow.
“Sherlock-“
"Thank you for keeping our secret."
The little detective dropped his bottle and folded his arms across his chest, then shook his head. “I do movie,” he said, brushing past Jawn.
"Y'ush."
“As you wish.” Mycroft used Sherlock’s hand to guide him down the hall and into the nursery, where he helped his little brother lie down before pulling the nappy bin from beneath the bed.
The mention of his bunny effectively erased his pout. "Bun, bun, bun, bun," Sherlock sang to himself as he bounded over to the pair of cots in the corner of the room and rooted through the mountain of blankets for his bunny.
Sherlock just nodded and nuzzled closer to his brother's chest, and all three men remained in thoughtful silence until the car rounded the long driveway to Mycroft's estate.
Jawn blushed and looked down at his page, where he’d barely done a few lines of colour, but it was obvious he was a very proud little man at that point. “Not that good,” he muttered, trying to pass it off as no big deal.
"Yes?"
"We need to sleep before it's time for breakfast."
“Then ge’d a pry’ze?”
“He’s still y’aughin’,” Jawn grumbled as they got nearer to the nursery, where you could, indeed, still hear Sherlock’s devious giggling.
"Alright then love...Who decides when bedtime is?"
"Would you like some help?" Mycroft asked, keeping is tone even and his eyes on his soup.
"Heeeeeeeeeey," Sherlock whinged. "My'cobb say I coul' cra'g eggs!"
“I told you that you could play once we’d finished eating. Do you remember that?”
“Noooo! Not like that, Sh'lock!” Jawn groaned, pulling the duvet up to hide his face.
"Awwwwwww."
"Y'ah."
Sherlock took Greg's hand and stomped after him, listening to the thunk of his boots on the ground and the little showers of glitter that fell off of him. "I'm b'ery spar'gly, G'eg."
"I ca' help."
"Good man." Greg carefully smeared the lotion over Sherlock's reddened shoulders. The baby flinched at the first touch, but valiantly tried to hold still after that initial unpleasant shock.
"I kept forgetting why we had the day."
"Molly-" Sherlock tried, getting cut off immediately.
(See the end of the chapter for
Keeping one eye on John, Sherlock made his way around the crowd, listening to the discussions as he went. Most people found John to be a marvel, discussing him with open admiration. Some people were scared, convinced he would hurt them. A few people near the front tittered about how attractive John was, and Sherlock couldn't stop himself from shooting them a glare.
“You’re the only one who isn’t a complete idiot, Billy.” He said, pushing himself out of his leather chair and walking towards the door. “At least Victor will fit in with them.”
"Is there anything you can't do?" John asked in amusement.
"I have no friends in France, John, of course I'll text you." Sherlock ran a hand through his hair, which was beginning to get too long. It was probably time for another haircut.
. Did you know that they enchant the Great Hall to look like the sky outside?"
I thought it was absolutely perfect; it is Sherlock's name, minus the C, R, and K. Those letters will be introduced later...
“You don’t have to, but I’m enjoying my time with your family,” he said, and Sherlock was surprised to discover that he was completely serious.
"Well, at least someone is supportive," Victor says, throwing a pointed glare at the other two, who dutifully ignore it.
“I shall ask him.” Sheol said, smiling slightly.
"The food looks fantastic, Violet." John said, moving on to some green beans.
“Good lord.” Sherlock groaned, standing up and peeking out the window. The sight of John, bundled up tightly and walking steadily away from the house made him roll his eyes. Apparently he had plans of leaving, and the fact that he couldn’t find the keys wasn’t going to deter him.
"Will you do me the great honour of becoming my husband?" John asked, opening the ring box to reveal a simple gold band.
"Of course," John grinned at him. "I'm not even gonna ask how you know."
"You're the one who's been killing all of those people?" I feel the horror flood me.
"Ah." Sherlock said, turning so John couldn't see his face. Not that Sherlock would show his heartbreak in an obvious manner, but John had proven adept at reading his stoic faces before.
A variety of emotions flitted across Sherlock’s face: surprise, confusion, and several unidentifiable ones before a pleased expression dominated his features.
“That’s sweet.”
A/N: I am so, so sorry that it took such a long time to write this chapter. I really have no excuse either, just a lot of rewrites. I wasn't really happy with how it was turning out when I first started it.
Greg grinned at Sherlock, sitting down next the brunet. “Easy, really. Your given name, Sheol, was missing a few choice letters. Those letters happen to fit up with your more interesting deaths.”
“Of course…who are you?” John asked, tightening his grip ever so slightly when Sherlock made to pull away. “I’ve never seen you before.”
“What are you-?”
"I think what Sherlock does is brilliant," John chimes in.
Perhaps a night-time visit to the aquarium would provide him with the privacy he needed.
“Who was it?” Bill asked, his eyebrow raised questioningly.
“Yes, but he did not summon you.” Molly replied, raising her eyebrows at him. “He was an innocent party. Why didn’t you take Harriet Watson’s soul?”
Without warning, John kicked off from the pitch, soaring high into the air. Sherlock watched him from the ground, feeling nervous.
"Because I'm a genius," Sherlock smirked up at him. "Now hurry, we haven't got much time. Mycroft has noticed his car missing, and I'd rather not overly tax my makeshift waterproofing."
The man flushed a bright red, looking embarrassed. He blinked several times as if trying to regain his thoughts, those eyes of his looking ever so familiar…
"You came to my Quidditch game," Victor said, "That means we're friends now."
“Sarah, but she-”
"I won't." John promised.
The whole outing had been a disaster, at least in John’s opinion. He had been fully ready to take off running as soon as Siger Holmes had stopped the car, after spending a half hour in the car with him, he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Siger was beyond friendly, and John found himself quickly liking the man. They had walked through Tesco’s and John hadn’t contemplated running off even
It's my birthday and I'll cry if I want to. You would cry too if you
"My little boy, a detective." Mummy said, wiping at her eyes.
“You look very dashing,” Sherlock replied, flushing. Clearly he was coming down with a fervour if his temperature kept fluctuation at such an alarming rate.
"A consulting detective." Sherlock replied as he began to walk away. "The only one in the world."
Molly, whom Sherlock had forgotten momentarily, blushed a bright red as John stood. He followed the other two boys after giving Sherlock one last curious glance, an odd expression on his face.
“Yes yes. Love you too, and all that.” Mary said, and the phone clicked off. John let out a sigh, pleased to know that he would be rescued soon.
He found an empty compartment that faced the platform, and after hoisting his trunk into the rack, he thrust his arm out the window to wave frantically at his parents just as the train gave one last whistle.
London had been abuzz for the past few months, every newspaper declaring the marvellous discovery: Mermaids were real, and they had captured one.
“Jeez, what a wanker.” Molly said, “You’re better off without him.”
Sherlock warned, I’d
"It's just...you looked so happy with Vic- ah, I mean, with John. Are you two still talking?"
A few pictures later, and the three of us are piled in a car on the way to my new school, St. Bart’s Prep. It’s only a few blocks away, but my parents insist upon bringing me there themselves.
*****
“Alright, dear.” Mummy said, patting Sherlock’s cheek. “Don’t be too long. Your father is making his world famous ham.”
“Cain…” Sheol stood as well, but his friend-brother turned away and ran.
The top bunk was silent for a moment, and Sherlock wondered briefly if John had given up when he heard the tell-tale squeak of springs. Sure enough, he could see John’s foot emerge, climbing down the worn wood of the ladder.
“Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective.” Sherlock said, confused at the flurry of emotions that flew across the DI’s face at the mention of his name. For one brief second he debated on asking why his name caught the DI’s attention, but then quickly threw that idea out the window. He needed
“John Watson is a kind, forgiving man, and he’s the
“Right.” John sitting gracelessly. “I’m talking to an arch-angel.”
"No he's not," Greg snaps. "We tricked you. John only pretending we could get back at you for being a giant arse. I would have thought you would have figured that out by now."
“John.”
The Gryffindor vs Ravenclaw game was unbearably hot, and Sherlock regretted his decision to wear his scarf to the game.
"Gustav!" A boy wearing a blue and bronze Ravenclaw scarf made Sherlock jump. His skin was a dark brown, and his black hair was perfectly coiffed. "God, I am so sorry! He's usually so well behaved. Are you hurt?"
Sherlock licked Lestrade’s skin before biting down, making a satisfied noise as blood welled up through the holes to greet him. This one was so plaint, he would make a nice slave.
” He moves to the chair behind me, sitting unceremoniously.
After class, Sherlock left without a word, as was usual. John didn't mind it as much today, with how much progress he had made. He was still grinning at the end of the day, his rugby mates teasing him over his lovesick smile.
“I am afraid I must be going.” Watson said after a minute, throwing Stamford a regretful look. “I am needed elsewhere. I happened upon Stamford in the park, and he offered to show me our old classrooms.”
"Sorry," I say shaking my head. If I keep acting like this, then people will really start to believe I'm a murderer. "I just didn't want my new...err...boyfriend finding out?"
haven't made any headway with him."
“I live here.” Sherlock replied innocently, which earned him a glare. “Well, when I say live…”
“Why did you lie?” Sherlock asked, his shoulders relaxing as he took another drag from his cigarette.
"It's not my fault that your friends find knowledge terrifying." Sherlock sniffed.
"Let's get you to the ocean," Sherlock said before closing the boot, making the interior dark.
"Oh, sorry. Yes!" John ran a hand through his hair. "Sorry, it's just been an...interesting day."
"Oh, blast," Tom gestured to his neck. "I forgot the scarf!"
“You…what?”
Of course, Sherlock never did meet up with Victor later that night, because a third body had been found. Sarah Sawyer had been killed earlier that afternoon.
“Hush. Come on, let’s go out for a bite to eat. Just you and me.”
“You missed me, how sweet.” Sherlock laughed. “I had a meeting with an angel.”
“Oh no.” Sherlock said softly. “I
“Perfectly.” John gritted out, glaring at the handler. The silver remote used to shock him glinted menacingly in the handler’s meaty paw, and John could see scales and claws beginning to form, out of fear rather than anything else.
“Why not?” Victor sounds confused. “I mean, he did tell me your big secret, and he
“Sarah Sawyer.” He replies, pocketing his phone.
“For everything. Being arrested aside, this has been the best Christmas I have ever had.”
Jim swayed a bit in place, and John wrapped an arm around his waist to keep him upright. This only served to annoy Sebastian, and he picked up the speed.
“Are such drastic measures really so necessary?” His master asked petulantly as they began to walk. John considered not moving before deciding that being shocked for simply being stubborn wasn’t really worth it.
“You missed Victor putting the star at the top of the tree.” Violet said. “But you’re just in time for ‘
"Would complete you as a person," Molly finished for him.
"I can't believe he broke up with me," Were the first words out of Victor's mouth as he sat down at our lunch table.
"First of all, you're hardly broken down," Sherlock said. "And secondly, all you'll have to tell him is that it's my fault. He'll believe you. He's met me."
“I will be right back.”
"They refused to release their slaves." John sounded angry. "We do not deserve to be treated like cattle merely because our hair is a different colour than yours."
The man sat on a bed of snow white sheets, twiddling his thumbs idly. Though his expression was calm, an inner storm brewed deep inside of him, and the blackest part of his soul raged with a vile fury. He had made fruitless plans to escape this hellhole; wonderful fantasies of kidnapping his wife, destroying the man who put him here, and never seeing a prison again. But here he sits, waiting for his final fate, waiting for the guards to take him away and make him sleep forever.
He watched as John said something in her ear, making her giggle. She hit his chest playfully, before standing up and excusing herself.
“You aren’t about to die.” The man rolled his eyes.
“Naturally.” Sherlock responded, and John flashed him a disbelieving look. “I don’t want a slave, and your chains jingle when you walk. Completely distracting.”
"Deal."
“Yeah.” John said, walking up to her and shaking her hand. “John Watson. It’s nice to meet you ma’am.”
“Worry not, Abel. I am sure The Shining One will love your gift.” He reassured him. Abel just nodded, a look of determination spreading across his face.
“Could I borrow it?” John asked eagerly. “I have people to call…wish them a happy Christmas and all that.”
“You two should date.” Sebastian continues. “It would be nifty.”
"Peanut would love to help, then."
"G'eg'ry 'estraD!" Jawn chirped, giving Greg moon eyes.
"What's it's name?" Mycroft put on Sherlock's other sock.
“B-b'hav'r-r!"
Sherlock continued to stare up his brother and sniffle, his chest hitching. He put a nervous finger to his mouth and began to worry with it, unsure of what was happening next.
Sherlock nodded; "I c'n si'd b'ery, b'ery s'dill."
Sherlock begins to rut against the toy again, slowly building his momentum. He falters only slightly when he feels familiar fingers press at his entrance.
"Nnnnnoooo."
Sherlock watched his brother closely. "...You're wanting to ask me something," he said, narrowing his eyes.
“BEEP! BEEP BEEP BEEP!”
"Your daddy talks too much."
"My'cobb take'd one."
"I'd like it if you'd both shut up."
John just chuckled and continued to stroke Sherlock until his breathing had evened out. “Sweet dreams, Pet.” John murmured as he pulled the side of the crib up and into place with a gentle click.
"Noooo, G'eg! Bay'bee," Sherlock waved his mostly empty bottle at the television.
Molly took off a set of copper bangles and handed them to Sherlock, but getting them on over all his rings proved to be rather tough. "G'eg, hel'b?" the tiny little battered detective asked, holding his hands up.
Sherlock's lips twisted into a faint grimace. "It's either yes or no, Mycro'b."
"Da'yee say he y'ikes y'istenin' to wha'd I y'ike."
Sherlock turned to look at her and grinned around his fingers in his mouth. "Th'o 'umm'ee!"
Holding firmly to his little brother’s arm, Mycroft placed their order with the disinterested teenager behind the counter.
"I, I w-wan'ned a hel'b y-y'ook," Sherlock stammered, his face crumbling.
“Just sugar is fine.” Mycroft said, accepting the cup.
"I c'n hel'b, G'eg!" Sherlock scooped a pile of necklaces and earrings and bracelets into the skirt of his dress and tried to stand up. "I zip i'd fo' you!"
"Yes, well, it doesn't hurt that I'm exhausted beyond words, myself."
"Yea. Is her han' no'd mou'f."
"We still don't have any princess plasters. We have Snoopy and Thomas train and one baby duck one."
"Soft and stretchy, got it." Greg turned to go up the stairs.
"Takes more than a little flirting for that," Greg frowned at the toy that refused to make noise.
"Bu'd wha'd kin'?"
“A'cause I was bad,” Sherlock sniffled, mostly to the floor.
Greg looked down at him. "Said 'no' to what?"
"If he doesn't use his listening ears, yes."
“Tha’d means no.”
"Nooooooooooooo...."
"Greg is really tired. I'm going to sit here and enjoy watching you."
“Sherlock.”
"That's a good start." Molly put gentle hands on either side of Sherlock's head and tipped it this way and that. "His concussion has cleared. But keep an eye on his vision." She made a face at her accidental pun.
"Bu'd I wan' 'er!!"
“Aye-aye, captain." Greg took Sherlock's hand. "Let's go, squirt...we'll have a quick bath, and then make cupcakes."
“Gunna ba'ff wif’ lettuce?” Jawn had been about to get back into the tub when Mycroft pointedly cleared his throat.
The only thing that Sherlock was concerned about, was the fact that he
“Nnnnnnn,” Sherlock whinged, unwilling to be ignored while they were talking about him.
"Here, let's have that," Mycroft said, gently taking it from his baby brother's mouth before it ended up in his lap.
Greg made an uncomfortable sound in the back of his throat that sounded suspiciously like a whinge. "I just, I dunno," he mumbled sheepishly, "...thought that maybe you'd want to finish that story from before."
He settles back down onto the sofa, getting lost in the local sports page and the droning sound of the telly. Then he hears it again. The tiny creak of the floorboard just outside the entrance to the sitting room. Could it be? No, Sherlock could not be defying him again. Looking up, he sees nothing, but he can feel the presence of his little boy just around the corner. Just as he’s about to tell him off, Sherlock's messy head peeks around the door frame of the kitchen.
Jawn frowned at his meal, his shoulders tense; "...Had to watch for Sherlock’s safety.”
"What thing?"
Sherlock settled himself in a chair. "C'n ma'ge co'ppee?"
Mycroft felt a dummy tumble down his back as Sherlock opened his mouth to wail. "Oh nooo, oh baby, you're okay. It's okay. I know. You hurt yourself by accident. You were all comfy and forgot." Mycroft rubbed the baby's heaving back as he slowly trudged up the stairs. They were most definitely keeping him in bed as much as they could for the next few days--Gregory would be in heaven.
Sherlock fussed and pulled his hand away. "We maked co'dors," he said.
Jawn nodded quickly and collided with Mycroft, wrapping short arms around his waist.
Mycroft closed his eyes. He had known that. That's why he'd tried to put it off hearing it. "...I know, sweetheart."
"You'd feel better with a bit of food in your tummy," Mycroft half-scolded, and kissed the part of Sherlock's bare shoulder that he could reach.
"G'eg say pan'a!"
"I do believe we have a rule about you touching what's mine don't we, you disobedient little brat?" John drawls from where he's leaning on the doorframe.
"Imp'y'y i'd."
"And turquoise. And in just the right light, lavender."
"Okay, big boy, let's get cleaned up."
"You're both going to be up all night bellyachin'."
“Overwhelmed,” Mycroft answered. “And because he’s a baby, and that’s what babies do.” He took each step slowly, one foot at a time, and kept close to the wall.
"Grumps who argue don't get ice cream tomorrow."
with this conversation. Do you want to play with the kinetic sand?"
Mycroft closed his eyes and dropped his head. '
There, he found Greg sitting on the floor of the bathroom and holding Sherlock on his lap, petting him as the tub filled. He'd taken the baby's shirt off and the kaleidoscope of bruises from his shoulder to his hip made Mycroft feel physically sick. "Here, sweet pea," he said, swallowing back the bile he felt in his throat with a smile. "Are you going to be very helpful and take your medicine without a fuss?"
"Goodnight, Gregory."
"Faeries dun' y'ike na'bs."
“I y’ike em!” Jawn chirped, climbing out of the tub and standing with his hands on his hips. “Can I have g’een ones?”
“Why don’t we get you padded up and we can demonstrate for you, brother mine," Sherlock said, waggling his eyebrows.
"Yea, p'ease."
"We'll get two, then."
"It's lost." Mycroft tried to tug the baby down against him but Sherlock wouldn't budge.
"Yes, of course," he said, which they both knew wasn't quite true. "It's just time for his medicine and a change, and you need to get ready to go to work."
"Waiiiii'! I know!"
"You can't eat him; he's too stringy," Greg interrupted, grinning cheekily and then cackling as Mycroft slapped his thigh.
“Come on Pet. Let’s go to bed.” John soothes as he feels Sherlock balk for moment, worried that Daddy is going to leave him on the naughty step, but John simply tugs his hand until they are heading up the stairs. “You’re going to sleep up here with Daddy so that he can make sure that you spend the rest of the night in bed.”
They found Mycroft sitting at the kitchen table with a cup of tea.He didn't look up.
"Even if there are bubbles and toys in the bath?" Greg asked.
“You were. I almost didn’t get entirely covered in ca’ge.”
"He had a bad dream. Don't worry about it. Can I see this for just a moment, please?" Greg tried to take the phone and slip it from the baby's hands, only to make him clutch it tighter.
The little detective sniffled pitifully; “Bye, Jawn," he whispered as he walked very slowly back into the sitting room.
The eyes turned to meet each other, having a silent conversation. Finally, they both turned back to peer up at the other man. “Wha’ do I get when I win?” Sherlock asked first.
"Wake them up at seven and you won't have to worry about it."
"I said 'almost'."
“Myyyyyc.”
"I'm telling you now; I'm not going to handle that well."
Mycroft got the nappy in place under his bum. "Go ahead and relax."
Mycroft caught Sherlock's wrist before he could clap his yolky hands. "Yes you did! Next one."
"I'm b'ery big." Sherlock waved a fish at him.
"Can't they share one?"
“G'eg garden?” Jawn asked, munching his last pilfered carrot.
“Because nighttime is for sleeping.”
Mycroft was perplexed. He genuinely couldn’t remember what he’d said. “What did I say?”
"The one that gave it to him."
"Wi'v s'yoffs?" Sherlock slurred, now that his thumb had made its way into his mouth.
"Can Greg look under your plasters later and see it?"
John frowned as he tugged his jacket on, clearly uncertain what's just happened.
“You are far too little–”
"Touchy," Greg grumbled, and went to go sit down next to Sherlock. "What'cha making, muffin?"
Greg stared at her, blank-faced, and blinked. "Oh, my God. She said there were no pictures of that."
"Nearly." Greg almost hated to do it, but he managed to get Sherlock to sit up while he wet a paper towel and wiped the little ones' hands, and then his mouth.
Greg smirked and waggled his pants-covered arse at Mycroft before shucking on his sleep pants.
Mycroft cleared his throat, and went on with washing his little brother's hair. "You are right now, and that's very good."
"You stole my audience," Greg pouted.
"No," Greg wiggled down so they were laying side by side. "No sleeping, only resting."
"We'll share," Mycroft said, leaning over to get a bowl from the cabinet behind Sherlock's head.
"We'll put them on downstairs." Slippery socks and a wibbly-wobbly toddler did not bode well on a marble staircase. "What color?"
"You want to help me decorate the rest of it?"
"Yea, three comes after two, smart boy."
"Gregory..."
“You have no idea.”
"Me f'ree."
“I’m the youngest in my family. And an only child with you…I’ll learn.“
"I'm aware." Mycroft used his teeth to nick the plastic on the package, then pulled it open. "How do you keep track of them at home?"
Mycroft rolled his eyes and pulled the nappy bag from behind the sofa; "I'm not sure why I ever put this away," he said, and moved to kneel down on the floor at Sherlock's feet. "Gregory," he called out.
"Who mad a'd?"
"Baby, baby, baby, poor sweet baby." Greg sat in Sherlock's chair, with Sherlock wrapped around him like an octopus. Gentle hands nudged Sherlock back so Greg could examine his face.
A small smile played at the corners of Sherlock’s lips. “You do those things anyways.”
"...What are you doing."
Mycroft gave Jawn a gentle push towards the sitting room before turning on his baby brother. “Sherlock. Collect your bottle and Jawn’s cup, please.”
Sherlock startled; he hadn't noticed Greg slouched on the sofa in the sitting room. "I ta'k a you," Sherlock said from the doorway,  keeping his eyes on the cup in his hands and fiddling with the spout.
"The plaid." Sherlock huffed a sigh. "She's probably not wrong."
Sherlock looked up at his brother, puzzled. "We're ma'ging mu'ppins?"
"Maybe Mycroft will be our sweetest love and put the DVD in for us, pleeeeeeeeaaaaaassssseee?" Greg made puppy eyes, and so did Sherlock after a nudge from Greg.
"Good job!" Mycroft helped get her thick ponytail from beneath the elastic. "Do you want a sandwich?"
"Let Greg help."
"G'oooooossssssssss!!!!"
Sherlock tilted his head back to look up at Mycroft. "They won't?"
"They gave him medicine so he's not in pain. Uncle Gregory says Jawn is very loopy." Mycroft glanced at the other patrons in the sitting room. They were all too consumed with their own grief to notice them. Sod it. He pulled Sherlock into his lap.
“I’ve long suspected...something. Though admittedly this wasn’t it.” Mycroft looked down and started to inspect his nails, partially to see if there was any leftover spaghetti sauce that he would have to dig out from under them.
"I know...it's just terrible feelin' helpless."
"How'm I gunna get any rest with my Sherlock?"
"Science daddy."
"I'm not sure I want a gift that's been hidden amongst your pants."
"Such a charmer," Greg smooched his cheek. "But I know you're just after my share of the cupcakes."
“Okay! Wha’d the y'abbits do nex’?”
"I want to believe him." Sherlock stared down into his mug, while absentmindedly fiddling with the handle.
"P'eeeeaase, d'ess, p'eeeeeasse!"
“Yes, I see.” Mycroft pulled several wind up fish out of the bucket and offered them to Jawn. “Would you prefer these instead?”
Jawn tipped his head to listen, but the flat stayed silent.
"I'm covered in freckles. Gregory doesn't have any at all that you can see because of his tan."
Mycroft sighed. “…Massive brats. Massive,
Sherlock sat in Greg's arms and squealed around the fingers he'd placed in his mouth, rings and all, while Molly sat on the floor next to them, belly-laughing and holding her stomach.
Greg laughed at the dramatics...strops were cute when they were the more quiet, floppy-type of strops, instead of the screaming, kicking kind. "C'mon, muffin...we'll wait for Mycroft to come out and tell us where the batteries are," he said, and bent down to help the baby up from the floor.
“He woke up because I have a headache.”
“Wonderful. I’m going to add that to our list so we both remember.” John scrawled the word to the end of the list. “And now we’re done. Not so terrible, huh?”
“Sher’yock na’ tiny, My’coff. He’s b’ery tall," Jawn giggled.
"I agree; they're quite tasty."
"M'ah'm's?"
Mycroft cracked open an eye and stared at the hopeful little face; "We'll see. It's past my bedtime as well. I might not wake up in time to make breakfast muffins."
Mycroft took his thumb from his mouth and threaded their fingers together.
"He'll be fine." Mycroft zipped the nappy bag closed, then picked up the soiled nappy and stood up. "Just pick him back up and sit down again, he'll go right back to sleep."
"You got a little mean back there on the stairs. You should tell Mycroft you're sorry, and that you love him."
Mycroft sighed. "Yes?"
put him down; there's a difference."
Mycroft turned to look over his shoulder; “Ah, Sherlock.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Of course you did. I'm only surprised you didn't name it 'Mycroft'."
"That's not going to work."
"I'll wait to hear a better argument than that," Mycroft muttered, carrying two plates to the table while Greg checked to see if Sherlock's applesauce was 'co'd' enough yet.
"I'm going to assume that means 'yes, please'." Mycroft headed to the kitchen.
"After you deliberately mocked our new rule," John retorts, climbing up onto the bed next to Sherlock, careful that their skin does not brush. "No... I don't think I will..."
Jawn frowned mutinously behind his dummy for a moment before stripping off Mycroft’s coat and handing it to him.
"No so'gs. F'ank'oo!"
“I do so!”
“Awww, Jawn,” Mycroft sighed, using a hand towel to quickly wipe Jawn’s mouth and the front of his sleeper; “I’m not going to spank you, lad.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock merely rolled his eyes and reached for another biscuit, growling when Mycroft pulled the package out of reach.
"C'ute mu'ppin?"
"Wonderful job, pet," Mycroft said as Jawn took his toothbrush and crammed it into his mouth.
Mycroft handed the baby the hand trowel. "I think five scoops. We need room for the flowers' roots, then we'll put more after."
“Huh?” Jawn asked, wrinkling his forehead.
"I'ss col'! S'op sh'eckin'!"
"Thank you." Greg helped Sherlock off the changing table. "Come on, muffin."
He choked it back...he choked all of it back, fought against it so hard that his throat clenched and pushed back into his chest painfully. He took the time to collect himself, slowly putting on his coat and putting things back into the pockets where they belonged.
Sherlock nodded, the spout of his cup already back in his mouth.
"Poor love. I know you had fun, and you're sad that it's over..." Mycroft kissed his forehead. "But Molly can come back for another visit very, very soon, and we'll have more time then."
"Nope. I'm home for the day. I have fun activities planned for us."
Mycroft was beginning to grow weary of the small doctor’s stubborn streak. He wasn’t usually this cantankerous, even when he was in his adult mindset. “You know, I’ve already cleaned your bits up once; I don’t know why you’re still locking them down tighter than the Crown Jewels.” He turned back to his little brother and swatted at a still-pink, wriggly bum as a warning; “Be still.”
“I, I, I woooon’t,” Jawn hiccuped.
Sherlock looked up at Greg, all watery eyes; "Gone?"
"N'ah a f'eckle!"
"Sam'ble?"
"G'eeeeeeeg," Sherlock whinged, and reached down to cover his bits when Greg took more than a minute to get on with it.
"I have tomorrow off, gotta call in the morning and make some arrangements."
“Sherlock.”
"You were very sleepy last night, so maybe you didn't notice."
"Sher'yock ta'es me'cine too?"
"You look at his bruises and stitching when he comes downstairs and tell me again that 'it'll be alright'," Mycroft snapped. In his frenzy, a bottle of antacids fell from his hand and landed upon the counter, where (of course it would be his luck) the cap popped off and little multi-coloured tablets immediately went scattering to the floor.
Sherlock's face scrunched and he wriggled under the touches. "Noooooooo," he whinged, and Greg slipped his dummy back in his mouth...which he promptly spat back out. Greg left it alone. "Yeah, same day you saw him last."
"I'm going to be so-so-so careful." Moving slowly, Greg started to dab at Sherlock's gravy-smeared cheeks.
Greg frowned at him before gently scooping him up, both arms under his bottom. Jawn shivered and moaned but otherwise snuggled closer.
"No stuffs un'yess Jawn say so."
"Come on, muffin," Greg unsnapped Sherlock's onesie and carefully shook out the material, raining glitter into the slightly open lip of his nappy and down his legs and into his bee boots.
Still grousing, Greg leaned into Mycroft; "How do you know I'm not going to pay attention," he grumbled.
Greg smirked; “That’s not a valid excuse, Gregory,’" he snarked at his phone while he typed.
"It's sensitive enough to detect fresh foot prints," Mycroft said, giving Greg's hand a squeeze to hush him.
"Bring it here, and we'll fill it up first."
All of a sudden, Mycroft felt tired. Very tired. He hauled himself out of his chair and left his office, then stood outside of the bedroom for a moment to ready himself, as if he'd never read the grim news at all.
“Clearly,” Mycroft rolled his eyes and thumped Jawn on the back.
Mycroft swiftly turned off the water and stared down his nose at the panting little doctor.
"Sh-sh-sh, it's okay...okay, just sit back and let Uncle Greg open it, sweetheart." Poor lad's pain meds must have worn off; that was the only reason Greg could figure that would have woken him up out of that haze.
"What shall we have for lunch?"
“…Just pull the plug, Jawn.”
“O’gay. My’coff?”
He could still go wake Mycroft up.
Jawn had on Mycroft’s coat and was struggling to close Mycroft’s umbrella, but the sleeves were too long and giving him trouble.
Sherlock steadied himself with one hand on the floor, the other he wrapped around Daddy’s ankle. Tears still rolled down his cheeks and his breathe hitched as he repeated his crimes.
Another whinge, even louder than the previous two.
Greg stared at the baby for a moment before realization dawned; "Shit, sorry, honey bear. Greg will help." Greg took the cup and spoons from Sherlock and set them down, then held Sherlock's hands as he carefully knelt down and then twisted onto his bottom with a groan.
"Are we still gunna-" Greg raised both his eyebrows and left the question hanging.
"Why no'd?"
"I don't like sleeping alone." Sherlock said with a pout.
Mycroft was quick to change the subject. "Why is he only in a nappy?"
Mycroft watched Sherlock carefully; "I thought the candles were your favorite part about birthday cake."
"We finished watching panda earlier, don't you remember?"
The breakfast table was laid out with plates and napkins, and Greg was valiantly trying to pry four breadsticks out of Jawn's greedy little hand.
“Aw, why not?!” Sherlock chided him.
"Hush. Here's your chocolate," Mycroft dumped a heaping scoop of cocoa powder into the sifter.
Mycroft left Jawn to it and walked down the hallway, then leaned on the doorframe to the landing.
Jawn’s eyes lit up but, before he could reply, Sherlock looked over his own shoulder; “…Me too?” he asked hopefully.
This is ridiculous, Sherlock thinks as he flops around in his bed again. No position is comfortable, not even with John's jumper up against his cheek. He just isn't tired, and it’s unfair for John to make him stay in bed when he can’t sleep.
"And puppies?"
The little doctor’s thighs were already covered in handprints and burning terribly, and the spanking hadn’t even begun yet. He craned his neck to peer over his shoulder, sniffling pitifully now that all his protection and bluster were gone. “My’coff? I’m sorry, I’m really, really,
"Hey-hey?"
"Sweet boy," She cooed gently as she sat beside him on the sofa. "Your Daddy did not abandon you. You know better. I fancy that the good doctor is missing you just as much as you miss him right about now."
"Nu-uh!"
"Do you want the yellow glove and the white glove that Molly picked out, or do you want both yellow gloves?"
“…Where’s Da’yee y’abbit?”
“Sit down, Sherlock!”
"Language."
Sherlock giggled through a mouthful of cereal, letting a thin line of chocolate milk dribble from the corner of his mouth. "Can'ee w'urm'th."
Greg stopped arguing, and a broad, smug grin split his face. "It's cool, in'nit?!?"
The baby paused with a handful of noodles halfway to his sauce-covered mouth and grinned at Greg. "Arrrrrrrrrrrr'shhhhhhhhhhhh."
"I know, muffin, I'm sorry! But we can't leave you covered in gravy, sweetheart. You'll reek and be all sticky, and it just won't feel good."
"Yes, that's what I was expecting next," Mycroft said, now resigned to at least another hour and a half of whingy, sleep-deprived toddlers demanding his attention. He looked up to see his little brother standing in the doorway, squinting at the lights and dragging the blanket from the couch along behind him. "I suppose you're 'starving', as well?"
Mycroft was really slathering it on, and Sherlock was not pleased one bit. He squirmed and tried to lean away, just as he had in the bath, but Mycroft had the advantage of holding a non-slippery baby.
, Gregory."
"Only if you want to spend the time cleaning them before making cupcakes."
"I te'll on you."
"Ohhhh, cup...you were saying
"Can'd ea'd," Sherlock repeated, putting his spoon back in his bowl.
