After washing Castiel’s face, Dean moves on to trimming with an electric razor. Castiel only moves when Dean gently moves his face, the side of his finger and the pad of his thumb guiding him up or down; left or right. It’s far too intimate for Dean, and he has to keep clearing his throat and looking away for a moment. Either Castiel doesn’t notice or he recognizes that Dean may not be comfortable but is enjoying himself anyway and doesn’t mention it. Dean has Castiel apply the pre-shave oil as he collects himself.
They’re in one of the bunker's bathrooms with Castiel right in front of the mirror and Dean to his right. On the sink is Dean’s supplies of shaving items: a straight razor, one of those round brushes, pre-shave oil, facial soap, shaving cream, and aftershave. The light above them flickers occasionally like it’s going to go out soon. It's quiet and domestic, something both of their lives have never been.
Castiel made sure he personally handled those closest with the Winchesters—starting with Bobby. It seemed Jack was unsure of what should be done with Heaven’s prison. Each cell was designed to suit the person it held: Bobby’s had his rocking chair and beer.
“You sure?” Dean asks, insecurity tightening his chest. Castiel looks like he’s struggling not to roll his eyes before he pulls Dean down to kiss him. They make out like a couple of teenagers until Castiel completely relaxes, and Dean gets over himself. They both want this. They both need this.
Dean lets out a quiet sigh, “Not yet. I haven’t seen my parents.” The underlying meaning is obvious to Castiel: Dean hasn’t seen his parents not because of his mom, but in fear of his father.
Castiel visited Mary next, to which he solemnly apologized to her. Instead of anger, Mary pulled him into a tight hug and thanked him for all he’s done since.
“No chick flick moments,” Castiel replies with hardened eyes before those patient blues return and a shy smile makes the corners of his lips curl upward. A painful laugh escapes Dean, but it loosens something in his chest and he can breathe a little easier.
“No, I won’t be controlling anyone’s choices, but I don’t want to lose you again. The Winchesters will be here soon anyway,” Jack says softly. Castiel smiles proudly. His son truly will be the best God.
It’s a wonder Dean can read the angel like a book when all he’s ever done is treat him like a second option.
“Dean, Dean I—” Castiel cuts off as a whine takes over his vocals. Castiel comes all over Dean’s bare chest, leaving a stark contrast of white and tan skin. His thighs tremble as he comes down and Dean eases him off. He moves quicker than he ever has before, and that’s saying something considering his career, as he ties off the condom and throws it away before wiping himself off with a shirt.
He means to add, “and Sam, and Jack,” and everyone else in their family, but he can’t seem to get that out. His words seem to make Dean tense up and Castiel regrets coming. He’s been here less than five minutes and he’s already made Dean uncomfortable.
“I didn’t remember you pulling me out of hell, but you told me about it once. You said I fought you the whole way, and it almost made you drop me when you were already dodging demon after demon,” Dean recalls. “You brought me to Bobby, didn’t you?”
Bobby looked up from the newspaper he held, only to put it down and stand as Castiel came into view.  With a snap of his fingers, the cell bars were gone. He didn’t expect to be pulled into a hug by the shorter man. It was nice and Castiel knew this conversation would be easy.
“Then yes.  Now stop talking about unimportant things. What do we do next?” Castiel pushes and steps closer. He slots his body against Dean’s and their pelvises press together. Dean stops himself from throwing his head back and instead, brings his head down to kiss Castiel. He nips at his angel’s bottom lip and Castiel reacts like he had hoped for. With his mouth now slightly parted, Dean takes full advantage. Castiel groans softly into his mouth as Dean flicks his tongue playfully against Castiel’s.
Unlike what many would expect, Dean and Castiel don’t have sex that day. They don’t have sex for the first time until two weeks later.
“I wanted to come here for a different reason, Cas. I’ve got something I want to say, but I’m too chickenshit to say it. The lake helps.” Castiel tilts his head at the word chickenshit. He’s never heard that word, and he can only really assume it’s an expression. Being called a chicken means one is cowardly, Castiel knows, so perhaps this is the same.
And isn’t that just ironic? The once stoic, robotic angel is now the beautiful instrument that can express every emotion flawlessly, and the human, so flawed with emotion, is robotic and unable to express even the most basic emotions.
“Doing so well, Cas,” Dean praises with a kiss to his lower back. If it wasn't for Dean’s barely audible encouragement, Castiel is sure he would have lost his erection. Just hearing Dean and seeing Dean’s face as he plays with Castiel’s body is enough to keep Castiel on board. Dean works the two fingers in and out with a curl of his finger and Castiel jolts. A guttural sound escapes him.
Castiel wept as he flew away, giving Bobby the time to catch Dean up on heaven’s remodeling. He catches Bobby saying, “Well, Cas helped,” but took off before he could see Dean’s reaction to the news.
Castiel’s grace guides him to turn around, strumming to a beat he’s only ever felt in the presence of God—Chuck. There is panic in his chest, a human feeling he’s grown accustomed to,  as he turns to face Chuck. Perhaps they hadn’t won, and there was going to be some punishment for what he’d done. Had being doomed to staying in the empty for eternity for loving Dean Winchester not been enough?
They stayed for a week, Dean filling up on mom-made food to put a bear preparing for hibernation to shame and Castiel catching up with Claire, Kaia, Alex, and Jody more than likely necessary. Jody also teaches Castiel everything Dean hasn’t about being human. Mostly the hygiene and self-care stuff. Although, Dean is going to have to teach him to shave.
It’s Dean’s turn to interrupt when he says, “Stop apologizing, Cas.” He puts a hand on his shoulder and drags him toward the seats. “We’ll talk about it, I promise. I just need a little time.”
So if Dean never reaches out to him, Castiel will stay away. And on the off chance that Dean does want to see him, Castiel will assure him that he expects nothing and hopes things don’t change.
Things fall apart as Castiel raises the blade to his cheek and they both notice the tremor in his hand.
Dean looks away from the lake to him with an incredulous expression. He assures, “No, man. You’re my best friend. I want you here.”
Castiel’s head tilts to the side like a confused cat, and Dean pulls him a little closer, bending his elbows to keep him closer than the arms lengths away he’d been keeping him before.
“Not exactly. I left before he could say anything,” Castiel says bitterly. Dean raises an eyebrow and Castiel can’t help but look away.
“I’ve been busy. Heaven is under a complete remodel and I'm the only angel able to ‘rewire’ everything,” Castiel explains, his hands coming up to do air quotes. There is a word in Enochian for the way Heaven is thread together, but it doesn’t translate to English.
Everyone Chuck took away from them had come back days after he was gone. Sam got Eileen back; Charlie got Stevie; those parents got their children. But Dean, poor Dean, didn’t get his love back right away. No one believed he’d ever see him again: not even when Dean’s time inevitably comes. Angels and humans don’t go to the same place. But now that Castiel is in his arms and even if he can’t say it, he intends to do everything in his power to show Castiel that he is loved.
“God, that’s hot,” Dean groans as pushes Castiel onto his back. “I read that this is easier if you’re on your hands and knees, but I can make it work either way…” Dean trails off as he watches Castiel flip over without hesitation. He would have come in his pants if he wasn’t an adult with experience, but even then he was close just from the sight of Castiel's ass up and chest down. Dean grabs a pillow and puts it under Castiel’s hips to keep him comfortable. He isn’t sure how long this will take and they aren’t exactly young.
“It’s hardly fair that I’m half-naked and you are fully clothed,” Castiel complains as he tugs Dean back up to him.
So now Dean’s hallucinating? That’s where he’s at in the grieving process? What part of the five stages of grief does hallucinating even belong to?
“You feel good freshly shaven,” Dean corrects, letting his hot breath ghost along Castiel’s neck. “Wanna make you feel good.” Dean's hands come to rest on his favorite spot, just above the hip bones where he can feel the curve inward of Castiel’s lean body.
“Right. Well, this is the part I need help with. I don’t trust anyone else to run this place as it should. Heaven was so closed off and lonely, but having an open-world would be much too complicated and there are not enough angels to keep the place running. Instead, everything is connected to closely placed rooms.”
“I know you trust me, but I might not know if I’m doing something wrong, so you have to tell me, okay? No just bearing with it,” Dean clarifies.
It makes sense too. A blade was Castiel's weapon of choice, and he'd killed many with it. (Not to mention having killed Dean thousands of times with it while under Naomi's control, although Dean doesn't know about that one). Just as often he wielded that blade, another blade was used against him: pressed to his neck in threat, cutting him open in torture, or sinking into his stomach as his grace started pouring out of him.
Castiel doesn’t, and should never in Dean’s opinion, know just how much his death affected Dean every time he’s died, and just how quickly Dean had bounced back the instant Castiel was back. Thankfully, Sam and Castiel are easily distractable nerds.
It seemed talking to each angel individually was the right thing to do. He could spend the time explaining himself, his actions, and now his intentions. A few were skeptical. He reassured them that he plans on earning their trust back, and not demanding their respect. He told them he was going to do this right.
Heaven is very different. He stands on a dirt road, instead of a sterile white hallway. His angelic sense of direction in Heaven tells him he should be surrounded by polished white walls and white light, but there is a sun beaming down with a pleasant warmth tickling his skin and open land as far as the eye can see.
“Didn’t mean to leave you. Just didn’t want you to be uncomfortable later,” Dean says as he peppers Castiel’s face with apology kisses. He wipes Castiel off and tosses the cloth to the side.  Castiel faces Dean with his head tucked under Dean’s chin. Dean has an arm lazily slung over him as they settle in bed with the covers drawn up and boxers on.
“I heard you. I heard you calling and I woke up. I annoyed an already angry and weakened cosmic entity, and it sent me back so it could sleep,” Castiel says softly. “You woke me up, Dean. I’m here because of you. Don’t tell me you only do things out of anger, when you woke me up with the exact opposite.”
From Castiel’s understanding, friendships are often very awkward when one has romantic feelings for another and the other does not. He’s seen it in many movies, and besides the Winchester’s and the time he spent as a human, Castiel learned many social rules from movies and television. In some movies, friendships were even ruined. It was the main reason Castiel never said a word to Dean before. Although he had told Dean he loved him while he was dying before. Turns out telling everyone he loved them after made Dean misunderstand what he’d meant.
Dean’s neck cracks from the speed he looks up from the sink with. “I don’t care about how ‘useful’ you can be, man. I never really have. I just, I was a dick. When I made you leave, Cas, you gotta know it wasn’t because you weren’t useful. Sam was-”
They waited for two hours like that, sitting around the campfire. Dean cleaning his weapons with passion, Castiel watching the stars in silence, missing his home in Heaven. Of course, he was aware that he wouldn't be able to go back. Not without stopping Metatron or getting his grace back, which looks impossible by the way.
Not giving Castiel a heads up, Dean knelt before him. He reached for Castiel's sweatpants' waist and pulled it down.
''People tend to burn up when they are sick, Cas. That's why I am hot and sweaty.'' Sam answered Castiel. ''Now, if you excuse me, I will stay and rest. I believe you will be just fine without me.'' Sam gave Dean a look. ''I can help you from here.''
Castiel's hands reached for Dean's face. He cupped Dean's face smoothly, traced his fingers on Dean's eyelids, his nose, his cheeks where his freckles were most visible and finally his lips. His right hand found it's way to Dean's neck while his left hand focused on his parted lips.
''Yeah,'' Dean gulped. ''Yeah, I am fine Cas.'' Dean tried to think of something else other than Castiel being so close to him. Or the hot air that comes from his breathing. ''Personal space, Cas. Personal space.''
''The bait?'' Castiel questioned. He was trying to light a campfire because damn it was cold, and he had no idea how Dean wasn't feeling the breeze. Maybe adrenalin was the reason?
"Tell me why did I get a boner even though I didn't have any sexual intimacy recently?" They were inches away from each other now. "Do I need to find a woman for my problem, since you killed April?"
Castiel couldn't breathe. When Dean's lips first touched his junk's head, Castiel forgot how to take a breath, for real. Dean worked at the tip first. Giving kitten licks, circling the head, sucking time to time. When he was sure that Castiel got used to the feeling, Dean started to go further. Licking all the way to the bottom.
"I need more," Dean whispered into Castiel's lips. "I need more than this Cas..." Dean smashed his lips with Castiel's. They were both on the bathroom floor, on their knees. Trying to get more of each other.
''Okay, I got it.'' Castiel sat back to his seat, and that caused Dean to come to his sense. Did he just say his Cas?
Dean watched as Castiel's face got redder. His heart skipped a beat to the sight, he was so fucking in love with that angel.
Castiel obeyed, first started with kitten licks then sucking the one finger all the way. Dean added the second finger, then the third one after a few minutes. Castiel seems to enjoy himself, Dean thought.
After a few thrusts, Castiel came with a muffled scream swallowed by Dean's mouth, Dean tried so hard to keep kissing Castiel, but him being so close to his release, he started to make weird noises over Castiel's lips. When he ultimately came, he was sure he would have laughed his ass off if he were to hear the porny sounds he made.
''Yeah, you are right. Always those creeps we encounter deep in the woods.'' Dean put away his trash and took a look at Castiel. ''And you Cas, are coming with us. You gotta learn the ways. Sure, you still have your angel blade with you, but if you gonna live like us, you gotta act like us. And that means I am your mentor now.''
That made Dean stop and take a look at his brother. Sammy's face was yellowish and shiny under the light. There was a disgusting stain on his mouth, seemed like he threw up. His hair was a mess.
"Cas, just shut up," with that, Dean pushed himself into Castiel. It took him two more thrusts to be able to fully sheathed in Castiel.
Whenever Dean and Castiel were in the same room, the tension was so thick that Sam could have cut it with a knife. From time to time Castiel would watch Dean in silence, away from him, if not; Dean would do the same. Sam wanted to scream at their faces for their stupidness.
The conversation they were having was long forgotten. Their attention was on the monster that was currently circling the area but couldn't get closer due to the protection symbols. They watched it in silence, waiting for the right moment to attack and kill it.
Castiel's hands found their way down to Dean's hair. Pulling them, pushing Dean's head further without being aware of it. Dean liked that, he was always into the rough foreplay. He liked the way Castiel sounded. Murmuring, moaning, moaning Dean's name.
Castiel didn't notice he was out of the protected area, and till he noticed, Wendigo was all on fours on him. Castiel tried to stab it, but with a movement of its hand, Castiel's blade was out of his reach.
Castiel grabbed the doorknob, was about to open the door, when he felt a sudden force on his hand, pulling him towards Dean. They were close once again, but this time, their lips were touching. Dean was kissing him.
With a swift moment, Castiel pulled Dean towards him. Still their hands locked, they started to kiss.
"Why would you do that?" Castiel knew there were man on man actions, he saw them in the pornos he watched. But he had no idea why Dean would help him to get a release. It's not like he was just a person he met in a bar.
Castiel watched as Dean's face flushed red. He placed both his hands behind Dean's ears, his ears were red too, and pulled him into a hot make-out session. Dean lowered himself on his elbows to control his balance better, while Castiel spread his legs to make room for Dean.
''What do you mean?'' Sam questioned, without removing his eyes from his computer. There was a new case not far from the bunker. Wendigos. Sam was collecting information for the hunt.
When they arrived, they first talked to the guide to learn exactly what had happened. As Sam said, the victims were on a camping trip with their teacher. They were supposed to return yesterday morning but, they didn't show up, nor could anyone reach them.
When Dean was done with leaving marks around Castiel's neck, he pecked Castiel's lips before he places his fingers on Castiel's mouth.
''Cas, what are you doin-'' Dean, once again, almost lost his control over the steering wheel when he saw Castiel.
"Because I hate that bitch." Dean said, with a stoned face. "I don't like that she was your first. I don't like that she saw you all naked before me." With that, Dean's hand took the first action. Slowly, Dean started to jerk Castiel off.
It was the breaking point for Castiel. Dean's command for him, seeing his face right next to his junk, shining with sweat, eyes full of lust just like him. So Castiel did what Dean told him to do. He came so hard that some of his come splashed on Dean's face. His legs gave in, making him fall on his knees, right in front of Dean. He leaned on Dean, rested his face on Dean's shoulder. His face was hot.
"That's okay Cas." Dean petted Castiel, caressed his hair. "It was actually so fucking hot." Dean licked the come on his fingers. Then took Castiel's head in his hands and made him lift his head. "As I thought, you taste so good."
''Yeah, the bait. Give me that,'' Dean took the lighter from Castiel's hand and kneeled next to him. ''Wendigos like to keep their food alive for a while. They take them to their caves, so they can eat them later and don't have to hunt all the damn time. So, if those kids were taken sometime yesterday morning or by chance, night, there is a high chance they are still alive and the wendigo's still collecting its foods.'' Within a few tries, Dean managed to light the campfire. ''We can kill it when he comes for us, then we can go search for the cave and rescue the others.''
"Leave us alone for a while, Sammy. And uh," Dean stopped in the middle of the hall room. Castiel on his shoulder, his junk still standing proudly between his legs. He looked at Sam with a smirk on his face. Sam was on his computer, again; a cup in his hands, probably coffee, looking dumbfounded at Dean and Castiel. "You wanna put on some headphones." Dean pointed to his ears, and with that, he was gone to his room, with Castiel on his shoulder.
''Alright, we wait for the night. I'm pretty sure the Wendigo's cave is near somewhere so, we gonna play the bait.'' said Dean, after finishing the last protection drawing.
"Dean, I don't think I can hold it anymore." And that was what Dean wanted. He pulled his mouth away, but his hands never stopped working.
''What is it?'' Dean asked. He was so concentrated on his hamburger that Castiel thought he was lost in it, but yet, he was still listening to them.
"You told me to tell you if it hurts too much, but this does not hurt me at all. I endured much worse pain than this, Dean. I was a warrior in Heaven, as you kn-"
"Oh, father..." Castiel's reaction caught Dean off guard. He followed Castiel's eyes to see where he was looking. His towel was on the floor, he was naked as a newborn baby would be, and his junk was standing proudly. Long and thick, almost touching his belly button, turned into the darkest red he ever saw, ready to explode.
"Dean, I know we are not on good terms right now but I need to know. As soon as I woke up I had this thing!" Castiel pointed at his boner and that caused Dean to take a look at it, again. Balls, he was getting a boner too. "I remember the same sensation from my experience with April."
''Before that, can I close the window on my side? I didn't notice it before, but it gets pretty cold inside when the windows are open.''
''To be honest, Cas, I am not.'' Sam finished his sentence with a fake cough. ''I may not be able to come with you guys to the hunt. You think you will be fine without me?''
Since Dean was already naked, he started helping Castiel remove his clothes. He didn't want to waste any time on unbuttoning his pyjama  top, so instead, he pulled it over Castiel's head, while Castiel removed the bottom on his own.
Sam watched Castiel in silence. He was aware of Castiel's sadness that came with being a human. So was Dean. But also he was aware of emotions Castiel started to feel. So, like the good friend he is, he made a plan. With that, he picked up his trash and wished Castiel goodnight, and made his way to his room with a smile on his face.
"Jerk my- what? I don't understand, Dean. I asked Sam, but he refused to help me and told me to find you."
"Ok, I'm starting to get this feeling you don't feel the pleasure as well, so I'm gonna skip this part."
Castiel had his angel blade in his right hand, Dean had his flamethrower in his both hands. They were ready, at least, Dean was.
Sam couldn't help himself but snort. This fool brother of his is so brave in every possible way, but when it comes to Cas, he just acts like a 5-year-old kid.
"I got laid, Dean. My first time to be exact. I call this an experience." Castiel wasn't in the mood to have this argument all over again. He wanted answers. "Now," Castiel took a step forward, closing the distance between him and Dean.
That is so embarrassing, Dean thought. Finding out his best friend likes him? Yeah... But trying to explain what that feeling is? No shit.
If Castiel was a painting in an art museum, Dean would spend his hours standing in front of the painting, staring, admiring, examining, even though he was not fond of museums at all.
''Right.'' With that, Castiel was leaning back to his seat again. ''How long till we arrive, Dean?''
When Castiel felt the need to breathe, he pulled away. He looked at Dean, searched for regret, anything. Yet the thing he found was the look of a mischievous man. Dean was up to something.
''Now, I want both of you to have a good night's sleep. we'll leave in the morning.'' With that, Dean was off to his room.
''My heart... It's skipping beats,'' Castiel paused. He was searching for words. ''And my stomach's twisting. I feel like puking. Did I get Sam's sickness?''
''Are you well, Dean?'' Castiel leaned over Dean, his bright blue eyes were watching Dean with curiosity.
''Wendigos, I think,'' Sam answered. '' A group of people, teens actually, went missing in a camp field. Deep in the woods. The signs gave me a Wendigo vibe.''
Human. How can a word hurt so much? Breaks you into pieces, makes you feel like you are nothing like you have no use? Castiel thought to himself.
This place I'm touching," one hard thrust and a high pitched moan from Castiel, "is your sweet spot. It helps you to get more pleasure."
One morning, Castiel woke to a weird feeling between his legs. It was aching. When he tried to touch it, a strange sound came out of his mouth. He recognized that sound right away. He made the same noises the night he spent with April, the reaper who tried to kill him, also the same person who happened to be his first time. Yet, Castiel wasn't sure why he was having these sensations now. Hence, he got out of his room to find Sam. He couldn't ask Dean, not right now.
"Dean," With the sensation around his junk, due to the sudden cold air, Castiel shivered. "Why do you keep talking about April?"
"Yes, please," Castiel's answer left Dean speechless once again, so he removed his fingers with stubbornness and aligned himself with Castiel's entrance.
''It has been happening to me from time to time. My heart skipping beats when I watch you, but it's like gotten worse after I became human.''
''Found a nice place. Got myself and Cas hamburgers and for you, Sammy,'' Dean placed the plate in front of the addressed man ''Organic grass.''
''He asked you these because he is jealous.'' Sam simple states. ''He has always been so head over heels for you, haven't you noticed that Cas?''
''Of course, we will be fine Sammy, why are you even asking this?'' Dean came into the room, still wearing that old dead man's robe.
"I believe I am going to feel it this time because with you being above the average size in human males  it’s probably going to be hard to pu-"
''Was.'' Dean looked over to Sam. ''He is no longer an angel, Sammy. That means all his magic and tricks are gone. He no longer can just zap out whenever he is in danger. He needs to learn how to fight monsters as we do. And I don't accept the old angelic fighting ways he knows. Sure he was a warrior back in Heaven but here, he is just like us. A human.''
"Right," Dean went to close the door. He himself had no idea how he managed to open the door in the first place. "Now," he clapped his hands together, "Where were we?"
Noticing Castiel's legs were shaking due to the numbness their position gave, Dean lowered Castiel's legs to around his waist and made him wrap them around.
''Are you insane!'' Suddenly, Dean was yelling. ''It was so dangerous what you did, you could have died Cas!''
"It is urgent, Dean. I need your assistance." Castiel pointed the tent between his legs, without waiting for Dean's answer.
Dean was pretty sure it was a Wendigo. So when he and Castiel found the camping area, drawing Anasazi symbols for protection was the first thing he did.
When the sun rose, Sam was first to wake up. Opposite to his usual morning routine, he didn't wash his face, didn't go for a run, didn't brush his teeth. On the contrary, he even smelled the trash bin so he could throw up and look sicker. Dean has been so strict about his rest ever since he completed the trails so, he was going to use that for his plan. He was going to trick Dean into letting him stay in the bunker alone to rest so that he and Cas would be alone in the woods. Yeah, sure Wendigos are hard, but it is Dean Winchester and Castiel the Angel, once, we were talking about, they would be just fine on their own, Sam thought.
"Yes..." Castiel's voice was raucous and shaky. He was so lost in the feeling he was experiencing for the first time. With the sex he’d had with April, he was the one delivering it, but this time, he was the one receiving. The truth was, in Castiel's opinion, receiving was the better option. "I can feel you, Dean."
Dean dropped Castiel on his bed. He couldn't help but bite his lip at the way Castiel looked on his sheets.
Castiel didn't want to answer that at first, but he knew Dean was also getting worried. He didn't want to worry him.
It was weird for Castiel. He still wasn't used to humanly sexual activities, but he felt good. Dean's hands working on his junk; up and down, sometimes curling his fingers to grab him better.
''I was thinking, now that I can see your meat suit, how your outer beauty matches your inner one.''
''So,'' Sam started to speak, taking everyone's attention to himself. ''I found a new case not far from here. Only 3-4 hours away tops.''
"No, you don't," Castiel's voice was firm, but he sounded hurt. "You don't even like me the way I like you, Dean. And I am not a prostitute you met in a bar." Castiel broke the eye contact and tried to get away from Dean's grip. Yet, he couldn't. Dean didn't let him.
''No...'' Castiel's eyes drifted over Dean, who was currently walking towards them with his hands full of foods he got on the way back.
''I am, actually,'' Castiel spoke slowly. ''But mostly, I am worried, which is a new feeling for me, that I would be a burden for you.'' Dean heard a rustle from the passenger seat, which Castiel was currently occupying. Dean took a look at Castiel for a second to see what he was doing. Their eyes met. Castiel was watching him. That caught Dean off guard for a moment, which ended up in him losing his control over the steering wheel for a brief moment.
"Never wanted to taste a dick in my life before. Good thing I watched a few gay pornos." Castiel heard Dean's chuckle. "Now, lemme taste that lollipop of yours."
"I know this isn't your real form but," Dean started to leave butterfly kisses all over Castiel's body. "You," his neck, "are," his shoulders, "beau-", right on his hearth, "-tiful," and finally, his belly.
''Are you not well, Sam?'' Castiel asked with concern on his face. Sam smiled to himself. If Cas thinks he is sick, that means it will be easier to make Dean believe him.
Castiel pointed his bottom side and immediately, Sam knew what the problem was. But he wasn't going to help Cas, not until he made up with Dean. Being the good brother he was, once again, he told Cas to find Dean and left the kitchen, not giving Castiel a chance to protest.
Castiel didn't say anything for an hour. Dean felt bad. It wasn't Cas' fault that he didn't know about emotions. Hell, he wasn't even a human a week ago!
When Sam tried to ask Castiel about what had happened on the hunt, the once-angel didn't answer him. He didn't even seem like he heard Sam. Judging from the way it looked, Castiel was deep in thought. Hence, Sam took his chance with Dean. Big mistake. All Sam got was a bunch of swearing and a punch in his face.
''What does he says, for example?'' Sam looks over to Castiel. Ever since Castiel came into their lives, he noticed the way Dean changed over the years. He was his brother, after all, he knew him all his life. Yes, Dean is reckless; but he always cared about Sam. Only Sam. Of course, that changed after Castiel came, and even a blind can see that.
''But he is hot.'' Castiel said with his hand on Sam's forehead. ''Isn't he suppose to be cold if he is having a cold?''
"And you never answered my question ever since we came back from the hunt, also, you've been avoiding me. It's been a week, Dean. I can get a hint." Castiel tried to break Dean's grip on him once again, and this time, he succeeds. "I will search for an answer online for my problem. You don't have to bother about it."
''So, Cas, you ready for your first hunt after you became human?'' Dean asked without taking his eyes off the road. It had been an hour since they left the bunker for the hunt. Castiel wasn't talking, didn't say a thing after they got in the Impala. Dean was cool with that, at first, but now it started to get boring even with the Def Leppard song currently playing from the tape.
The images that flashed before him were not of Missouri’s mind, though they were her memories. Instead, Castiel saw Dean and felt the ripping pain inside him with the death of Castiel. When Missouri pulled her hands away, Castiel was left confused. She quickly clarified, “Dean Winchester’s grieving for you was not brotherly, Castiel. You tell that boy to get his head out of his ass, or you send him my way and I’ll do it. I’m tearing him a new one either way for not saying anything during that confession of yours.”
“To getting used to peace,” Castiel toasts softly, remembering the drink they had shared in the bunker after they made it out of purgatory for the second time. Dean’s smile widens and there’s something in his eyes that Castiel can’t quite put his finger on. It’s so very similar to the joy Dean once held the night he dragged Castiel to a brothel and they’d been kicked out—except it was
“Hm, so you’re my husband,” Dean nods understandingly and Castiel feels his head spin a little. This is nowhere close to how Castiel envisioned seeing Dean again. He hadn’t even entertained the thought of Dean reciprocating his feelings, and now Dean is claiming they’re married. Is this what Bobby and Missouri, and apparently Eileen, meant by Dean pulling his head out of his ass?
Dean shows him how to set up the pole along with his chair so if the line starts moving, he has time to grab it. Then they just sit and watch the waves travel. It’s peaceful, and Castiel can’t help but feel he’s invading Dean’s space once again. The need to fly away grows with every passing moment to the point that Dean takes notice of Castiel’s restlessness.
Poor Sam has seen enough in his lifetime, and his poor sense of when to knock is to blame for about fifty percent of that.
“You thought it was me who claimed you, and you weren’t upset?” Dean laughs and Castiel feels the need to wring his hands. Dean keeps laughing when Castiel really doesn’t understand what’s so funny. He usually never does, but at least Dean explains the joke to him right after.
Not existing in one moment and then suddenly existing is one of the oddest sensations one can feel—though many have never experienced this. It is not the same as coming back from the dead, although that is what had happened too. The fact is, Castiel’s physical body was taken along with him into the Empty, so it should no longer exist.
He wraps his hand around Castiel. It’s thicker than his own, and just a little shorter. The hair around is neatly trimmed, and Dean once again has a thank you letter to write. Jody, the motherly figure she is, taught Castiel everything he needed to know. Castiel whimpers and Dean realizes he’s just been kneeling there staring. Whoops.
” There’s a long pause and Castiel assumes Dean has stopped praying. He tries to pay attention to the rest of the meeting. To no avail, Castiel can’t contain his excitement. Dean’s voice soon cuts back in, “
“I’m not the one with problems using my words,” Castiel teases and pulls Dean into a kiss. “I can taste myself,” Castiel comments after.
It's Sam’s disembodied voice that echoes in his head, “In, two, three, four. Hold, two, three, four. Out, two, three, four.”
“What would I do without you?” Dean scoffs, but he’s looking at Castiel with such raw emotion, eyes wet and threatening to spill. They’re in the same boat.
If Dean wasn’t preoccupied with hitting his release much sooner than he has in years, he would have noticed the shiver that ran down Castiel as he cried his full name. He’ll have plenty of time later to notice and use that to his full advantage.
But he doesn’t, he can’t. There is a lump in his throat the size of a golf ball and he’s trying to swallow it but his throat still burns with the power of a thousand suns.
Dean has half the mind to stop Castiel from getting him a glass of water and ushering him off to bed. He should stop them. They need to talk. He needs to talk.
“Sorry, just- just a little uncomfortable,” Castiel says with genuine eyes. Dean runs a soothing hand up Castiel’s back until he feels him relax around him. Even then, he waits for Castiel’s go ahead. “Okay. Please continue.”
“Right, I know. But that’s the thing, Cas. The Empty would have a much easier time getting to Earth than it would Heaven once it’s healed, and I’m not so sure it’s going to let you go. It’s got a weird obsession with you.”
Dean lets his hand travel from Castiel’s shoulder to his hip under the trench coat, pulling the pliant angel closer to him. Castiel is only a few inches shorter making him fit perfectly into the curves of Dean’s own body. His piano key hands come up to hold Dean’s shoulders. Afraid for a moment that he’ll be pushed away, Dean holds on tighter. Castiel’s lips move reassuringly with Dean’s now, albeit a little clumsily. Their noses bump awkwardly a few times until Dean moves his other hand to Castiel’s jaw to guide them.
“Oh, so you probably can’t stay long?” Dean asks as his eyes flicker over to the extra seat. Now that Castiel is looking, he sees the extra pole laying beside the chair meant for him.
“I suck at this, but uh, what you said before you left, the ‘wanting what you can’t have’ part, uh, Cas you know you can have that, right?” Castiel slowly turns his head back to blink dumbly at the ex-hunter. “Like, I know what you meant, and you’ve got it. You got me.”
“I must confess I’m clueless as to how homosexual intercourse is conducted,” Castiel says quietly to the ground. Dean isn’t able to suppress the chuckle that rises out of him; he immediately regrets it as Castiel’s eyes become teary.
Jack smirks, a new expression Castiel isn’t sure he’s seen before, but it looks awfully similar to Dean’s, and says, “Simple. The Empty was already weak from when I… exploded, and so I propositioned it: I get you back and put them to sleep, or I wake every angel and demon up so the Empty will never even hope to sleep again.”
His hands tug at the bottom of Castiel’s t-shirt (Actually, Dean’s pretty sure that’s his t-shirt) until Castiel gets the hint and raises his arms. Now with Castiel in only sweatpants, Dean has much more to work with. He grabs a chaste kiss before moving downward, stopping at the hollow of the other man’s throat, remembering the gasp he had elicited earlier. That same gasp is followed by a small whine as Dean continues the gentle rocking of his hips. The lack of friction is easily made up by those cute noises Castiel can’t seem to stop himself from making.
Finally, Dean places both hands on Castiel’s hips and wraps his lips around the head. He suckles on it, making Castiel cry out softly. Thankfully, Dean has a good grip on him and he can take Castiel deeper at his own pace. As he takes more and more into his mouth, he smoothes circles into Castiel’s hip. Finally, Dean’s gag reflex triggers with Castiel nearing the back of his throat. With his hand, he gets the rest and finds a rhythm. Bobbing his head, adding a little tongue movement around the head as he comes up and hollowing his cheeks as he goes down, he finds the helpless whines above completely worth it. A few times, he forgets to breathe through his nose and has to pull off for a moment.
Castiel’s mood shifts as soon as they’re near the bed, and Dean can’t help the overwhelming panic that rises in himself too.
“We can talk when you aren’t hungover and I’m not incredibly disoriented,” Castiel says as if he’s reading Dean’s mind. “I’m not reading your mind, you’re babbling.”
Those boundaries include rules for the both of them. Castiel must let Dean know if he’s going somewhere for an extended period of time (more than a day), and vice versa. And when someone leaves for a day or two, they stay in contact. No radio silence.
Castiel finds meeting Missouri Moseley another monumental time. He needs not to explain himself, and Missouri smiles at him like she knows every part of him.
Castiel shifts impatiently and Dean grabs the bottle of lube again. He pours more than is likely necessary into his hand and brings a finger teasingly close to Castiel’s ass. As he makes contact, Castiel hisses a little. Dean looks to Castiel’s face with a little panic.
He wakes up in his bed, on his memory foam, tucked in the covers but still in too many layers and not enough pants. Stumbling out of his room, he makes his way to the kitchen to get some water, cursing himself for breaking his sobriety. Halfway through some colorful words, Dean turns the corner into the kitchen.
“I do things out of anger, damn it! Why can’t you see that?” Dean forces his fists to loosen and the wrinkled tan cloth slips from his hands.
“In a way, we are already married,” Castiel explains. “My grace had branded your soul, but your soul had also branded my grace. It wasn’t one-sided.”
Instead of laughing, Dean takes Castiel’s hands and brings them to his face. Castiel's eyes drift with his hands as they move, and he finally looks up to meet Dean's eyes.
Dean’s always been a giver, and kissing comes easily to him, so when his brain short circuits from a kiss for the first time in decades, he isn’t sure what to do at first. It’s Castiel that has to move and remind him of what his intention was. With a little bit of pressure, Dean’s brain is back online and he runs like a well-oiled machine, playing Castiel like a fine-tuned fiddle.
“Hey, hey,” Dean says before he places a gentle hand on Castiel’s cheek. “There’s nothing to worry about, Cas. I’m not exactly experienced with “homosexual intercourse” either.” He adds a quick kiss in reassurance and both their shoulders drop from their ears. At least they both have no idea what they’re doing.
“Hm, I thought that claim was just to you.” Dean takes another swig of his beer before he opens his mouth to continue his questioning. Castiel stops him to ask his own questions.
It’s been almost a month since they defeated Chuck and Amara. Exactly a month since Castiel was ripped away from him and thrown into the empty alongside Death herself. And he knows exactly what the empty is like from what Castiel and Jack have told him. He knows his Castiel is in a deep sleep remembering every single regret he has over and over. The thought of Castiel alone makes Dean start hyperventilating again.
The proud smile Dean wears is radiant and contagious despite the fish being rather small. It’s hard for the angel to wrap his head around why this human loves him, but who is he to argue. They release the fish as soon as Dean takes a quick picture of Castiel awkwardly holding it. His face is scrunched up in the polaroid picture with displeasure for the fish’s discomfort. He apologizes to the fish when he sets it free.
“Cas!” Dean stands. His pole is forgotten behind him as he wraps his arms around the angel. Castiel tenses as he returns the hug, not allowing himself to fully accept the affection. Perhaps they will just pretend Castiel had never said anything. He’s not sure he can do that very well. “How have you been, man?”
It seems the world stopped as Dean said it, and they both knew exactly what had just happened. Dean Winchester, the most self-hating, self-loathing being, just broke through the first layer of learning to love himself—saying it.
“Too slow,” Castiel grunts as he pushes Dean to lay down. He straddles him. With one hand reaching behind him, he gives Dean a few strokes before lining himself up and sinking down. “Fuck,” Castiel whispers.
Dean starts laughing with the angel and they both turn hysterical. They cling to one another like their lives depend on it, but there is no danger now. They’re free from Chuck’s plan; free from the script.
Castiel begins planning on different jobs for each angel, consulting them beforehand on their job in heaven before and how they liked it. Once he presented his idea, the angels proposed only a few changes and it was set into motion.
“I’m just saying, maybe you shouldn’t be on your own right now,” Sam sighs as he closes the fridge with nothing in hand. “You hear your voice, right?”
“Human souls have their own type of body language.” Heat rises to Castiel’s face as he admits he’s not as socially capable as he wants. “You held on to me, though. I knew you recognized me then.”
A long talk was had about Dean using more words of affirmation. That rule made the hunter nervous. Expressing his emotions through words was harder than anything he’s ever done, and they have fought God and won. His nerves melted away when Castiel expressed that even just being told to stay, or that Dean wants him there, was more than enough. There just needed to be something.
A pregnant pause fills the air as Dean struggles to talk. His ever-patient angel only watches with a smile.
Thankfully, Castiel’s new job as the boss is rather time-consuming. A lot of heaven’s “wiring” needs to be fixed to suit the new place. It’s easy for him to push down his anxiety and fill it with work.
“We’ll go as slow as you need, Dean. We both have a lot of our own stuff to work through. You have forty years, plus the other forty you spent in hell, to work through. I’ve had millennia. Let’s work on ourselves above all else.”
A small box is left where Jack had stood. Opening it, Castiel is faced with several vials of swishing blue light. A note clarifies that each vial is for the other angels when Castiel inevitably asks them to help him repair heaven. “
Dean starts off small, simply enjoying the tight heat he’s buried in by pulling out just a little and rocking back in. His angel keens below him. The blunt nails doing their best to dig into Dean’s chest encourages him to speed up. Soon, he’s set a steady rhythm that has them both nearing the end far sooner than either wanted. Dean slows back down with the little self-control he has left.
Dean calms back down and takes a look at his surroundings. A smashed glass on the kitchen floor, no big deal. Spilled honey-colored whiskey contrasting the polished grey concrete, expected. A broken chair, odd for his average panic attack but not impossible. A man in a trench coat standing in the doorway, normal.
“Dean! Dean, I’m going to-” Dean pulls off immediately, holding the base of Castiel's dick to stop an impending orgasm. A pained groan escapes the man before him, and Dean laughs. “You are a sadist,” Castiel complains as his legs slowly stop trembling.
“Sap,” Dean says as heat rises to his face. He’s tempted to make another chick-flick moment joke, but that’s really all that his life has become and he really can’t be bothered by it. “One second.”
Dean steps in front of Castiel to open the door for him, but his gentlemanly efforts are ignored. Instead, Castiel grabs the front of his shirt and pulls him along.
As soon as he has his bearings, he’s sprinting down the hallway with his bare feet slapping loudly on the freezing concrete. He can’t bother to cover his frozen feet when his best friend he could have lost forever could be standing in the kitchen making him breakfast. When his best friend is alive.
And now it did exist; he’s in it. The air around him has been pushed aside forcefully to accommodate the sudden mass intruding. The need to apologize to his surroundings arises and he quickly realizes it’s the first emotion he’s felt coming back: guilt. That should probably be symbolic, but he doesn’t have the energy to look into it.
“Cas, I- You gotta know I- Son of a bitch!” Dean gives up trying to say everything he’s wanted to say in the last month with a small smile. “Please,” Dean begs.
occurred to him that he could just make the line go out there without tossing it himself. After weeks of using his new powers, one would think it would be second nature to do it that way.
“Who said anything about rejection?” Dean quipped. It felt like someone just poured a bucket of cold water on his head. Castiel doesn’t dare speak, afraid he’s got something wrong with what Dean is saying. “You’re thinking pretty loud there, Cas.”
“You’ve barely looked,” Castiel says with a quiet gasp as Dean works his way down the hollow of his throat. He’d meant to sound like he was teasing, but expert lips were currently focused on his weak spots. Those hands perfect for playing the piano come to grasp the soft flannel hanging loosely around Dean’s torso. He tilts his head up to allow for better access as Dean mouths just below his chin.
“For me, I know that now. It’s still hard to believe sometimes, but I think I’m starting to get used to it. You’re it for me, and I don’t want it any other way.
Castiel personally sought to make sure Dean’s soul made it to the roadhouse. His soul shines just as bright as it always has, and Castiel cries as he places it a few feet from Bobby. There is a brighter spot on Dean’s soul that Castiel can fully read. The Enochian he had carved into Dean’s soul, laying claim for heaven, was still there. With a gentle caress, Castiel changed the words to lay claim for free will. Like in hell, Dean wouldn’t remember Castiel holding him, but Dean’s soul seemed to remember Castiel’s grace and held on just as tightly.
Sam leaves after a few minutes when Dean’s breathing calms down. They both know Dean won’t go back to sleep, but Sam sticking around would likely end up with them arguing. They’ll talk about it in the morning, and they do.
But no, there’s no logic in Dean’s world. He’s the one currently scratching his head like crazy while Sam gets to stroll down to the store in search of a fine-toothed comb. A lice infestation in the middle of the apocalypse; life just keeps throwing punches.
On top of it all, Cas tries to be kind to himself. He starts condensing his affirmations into a morning session and a night session—just a few quick lines in his head when he wakes up and goes to bed. He’s forgotten twice already, though. It’s not that he wants to abandon the original purpose of this test, he assures himself; he just has other things on his mind now.
Cas is committed to trying out Dean’s theory, and when he commits to something, he refuses to “half-ass” it. This is something he knows about himself. Nora often told him that at the Gas-N-Sip, commenting on his “commitment” and “follow-through.” And he does follow through; he even looks up Pavlov. Conditioning, it’s called. Dean neglected to tell him that the original study was done on dogs, but that doesn’t bother him as much as he thought it would. Humans are just another form of animal, and he’s just another form of human.
follow up scene is cas biting dean for the jack becomes god arc. follow up to the follow up scene is more biting but fun this time
Cas doesn’t feel very satisfied with himself in that moment. It should be the perfect time to do his Pavlov exercise, but his heart isn’t into it. He pushes his affirmation onto Dean instead.
oof this was a grind to write and i definitely did not proofread so... expect a rewrite in like five hours to five days LMAO
Instead, the two of them sit in silence as they wait for Sam to return, and the gulf of space between them lies in stark contrast to the way Dean ran up and crushed their bodies together the moment they locked eyes.
To his credit, Dean seems to be listening. It’s their first night back in the bunker, and instead of dumping him in a room and tossing him some extra sheets like Cas expected, Dean has decided to sit and listen. Cas chalks it up to lingering guilt over telling him to leave, which is fair—Cas would feel guilty, too, if the roles were reversed, though he can’t say whether he would be as gracious of a listener afterwards. It's always a toss-up which of them is more stubborn.
“I appreciated your advice on caffeine intake the other day,” he says as Dean passes him in the hall. “You have good insight.” Dean just scowls at him, but he considers it a victory.
Dean is staring off at the wall now, lost in his own head, so Cas looks back down at the table where his hands are resting. Hands that, even a few years ago, he wouldn’t have thought to call his own. But they are his now, and—no, that’s not right, he thinks, they’re
But Cas seems to understand immediately; he nods with such a grave expression that Dean wonders if he just admitted to a death sentence. Are lice deadly to angels? Should he quarantine?
“You should sing more often. I like your voice,” he says as they drive to the store. Dean punches him on the shoulder and turns up the music until they can’t hear each other.
edit: okay, i ate a piece of fruit, and on second thought i actually like this chapter. self love <3
,” Cas says, stepping forward, because this is important. He still doesn’t know where exactly their miscommunication lies, or when it started, but he knows there’s a disconnect here, and it feels important that Dean hears this. “Since I came back to the bunker, I haven’t lied to you.”
Cas lifts himself up a fraction and Dean huffs below him, tightening his hold reflexively. “Oh, we’re being rude,” Cas says, even as he lets his head drop back onto Dean’s shoulder like a magnet drawn in place. “You two don’t have to leave.”
He has some carry-overs from Jimmy, a bit of muscle and neuron memories, but not all of those are good—the penchant for red meat, for one, and the twinge in his lower back. He doesn’t think lower back pain is the answer that Dean’s looking for, though.
He burns the eggs and gets a spoon stuck in the garbage disposal. “This is good,” he says out loud, but all he can think about is how he should be healing Dean.
For a moment, Cas isn’t sure if that counts as permission. But Dean is looking at him so expectantly that he feels he has to do something, so he closes the remaining distance and tentatively offers out his arms.
“No, it’s—just, it’s fine, Jack.” He scrubs his hands across his face in frustration, pushing both palms against his eyes to counteract what’s bound to be a killer headache. He’s not trying to blame anyone, he’s really, really not, and it’s just lice for God’s sake, but
“Is that so,” Dean mutters, running his own hands through his hair in a pantomime of Cas’s touch. The need to itch is gone, he thinks bitterly, but fat load of good that did; it’s already been replaced with a much heavier longing. With a sigh, he eases himself off the chair and turns around to find the angel standing face to face with him.
It's Dean who seems more put off by the whole thing, which doesn’t make sense considering it was his suggestion. Another missing piece of the puzzle, Cas thinks.
Cas hums, burying his face into Dean’s neck like he did back when he was the one who needed comfort—only this time, he gets to return the favor. He waits, very patiently, for the conversation to continue as he presses his nose against the other man’s pulse point, counting along to the frantic rhythm. One, two, three, four; Dean, Dean, Dean.
Sam looks first to Jack, then back to him, twin looks of confusion dawning on their faces. Dean is about to protest and fire up the clippers again when he’s stuck with a sudden memory—
“Yes, you could,” Cas gently corrects, and then he follows the instinct twitching through his body and lifts his hand up to Dean’s face, brushing his fingers across his cheek.
And he did take pride in his work. Perhaps the only feeling that he’s really getting accustomed to as a human is pride—which, funnily enough, is different from being “proud” or “prideful.” Cas is learning. He’s been proud before, in the all-consuming way that only few people can understand; he knows the consequences of it and has counted the casualties. But the pride he felt as a sales associate was different. Or at least, he hopes it was.
Dean sounds confused, so Cas looks up; and yes, he is confused. His eyebrows are all knitted together and Cas wants to smooth them out with his thumbs. He settles for trying to explain instead. “If this is a Pavlov thing, I don’t need it. I was making mistakes yesterday, but it’s okay. I’m learning and I can adapt. You don’t need to stroke my ego.”
And yet, Cas thinks, Sam has always been one to live and let live—metaphorically more than literally. Over the next few days, he catches Sam grinning at him good-naturedly when Cas drops his food or can’t work an appliance and has to spend the next minute calming repeating,
Sam starts pacing back and forth, pulling a hair tie off his wrist as he twists his hair into a small bun. “Is this seriously happening again? Why? Is there something about your head?”
So Cas leans into his test wholeheartedly, muttering quiet reminders to himself as he goes about the rest of his day. It’s odd at first. He debates whether he should say them out loud or just in his head. He tries whispering at first, thinking it’s a good in-between, but his voice is still rough, not quite used to softer tones. When he was an angel, he could speak without speaking; certain truths would reverberate throughout his being, echoing over and over like a chant or a hymn. He guesses that the closest human equivalent would be thinking really loud.
Sam isn’t far behind. “Is Cas there with—oh. Uh. Jack, why don’t you go grab a shower and give them a second?”
Now, he lies in bed with Dean snoring at his side, watching his hand as he combs through Dean’s hair in slow, leisurely strokes. Tomorrow, these two hands will pick out food at the market with Sam, and then they will make scrambled eggs with Dean at his side to teach him, and then they will be free to do anything and everything they want.
,” he interrupts, and there’s enough intensity in his voice to make Cas stop, lift his head, and pull back until they can see each other face to face.
“We were down to two eggs after me and Sam ate, so I figured I’d just make more and finish up the carton,” he hears, and turns around to see Dean at the kitchen table.
“For yourself,” Dean offers, and Cas nods. He’s been staring down at his hands, but Dean doesn’t seem to mind. He rolls a wrist and watches as his fingers swing out in an arc.
, his mind supplies helpfully, and it all makes sense. Dean tried to help him through a volatile time in his life and Cas turned around and used it as a flimsy excuse for flirting.
Cas, stubborn bastard, doesn’t answer, just moves until his face is visible in the mirror, looking right over Dean’s shoulder. “You were staring at yourself and muttering obscenities. Have you done something wrong?”
“Aha!” Dean says as he pulls out clippers, turning around to brandish them at his small audience of two. “See? We’ll get rid of these lice in no time.”
. One and the same. He can no longer talk about his body as an object that he possesses, that he has ownership of, whether earned or unearned.
Dean stops. He turns around to look at Jack, who’s holding his hand over the bottom of his phone and looking at Dean with wide eyes.
For a second, he thinks this is the part where he has to explain head lice to a prehistoric, mostly non-corporeal being:
“No, I—” Cas falters. He should fight, he knows that’s what Dean wants, but he hasn’t had much fight in him lately. All that human weariness. Funny; he thought being in the bunker with Sam and Dean was just starting to cure that.
He wakes late the next morning, stumbling out of bed after noon. The bunker still looks like a bunker, the same in the day as it is in the night, and Cas is afraid that he could sleep through the whole week here if no one stopped him. That was the beauty of Gas-N-Sip, he thinks: The big windows let in sunlight at dawn and woke him up early, and fear of being caught living in a store forced him not to go back to sleep.
At one point during the week, he realizes that Sam is starting to look annoyed, but they talk it over and make a deal—moreso, Sam proposes a deal. He won’t comment on his brother’s skittish behavior or their mutual, quote, “fanaticism,” so long as Cas and Dean stay focused during hunts and don’t, quote, “
“That’s a start,” Cas says, accepting the work ahead of him—then he’s struck by a sudden thought. “Would it help if I lie on top of you?”
A finger traces along his ear and he almost gasps. “What are you—? This isn’t—last time when you, uh, you know, you—”
Sam is up in an instant, jumping out the chair and putting space between him and Dean. “Oh, no. No, no, no. Not again.”
Cas feels his mouth pull into a deep frown; he tries to conjure his signature expression, the one that says “the literal meaning of this sentence is stupid,” but it’s tinted with too much heartbreak.
“Let me say this. I want to say this,” Dean insists. There’s no defiance in him now; he looks so beautiful under Cas, so earnest.
“That shirt brings out your eyes,” he says as Dean walks into the kitchen, and watches as Dean splutters, turns bright red, and walks right out. Cas barely even looked at the shirt, if he’s being honest; he already had that line ready to go.
Dean is looking somewhere over Cas’s shoulder now, so Cas pinches his side to get his attention. “That wasn’t what I was going to say.”
“Yeah, neither do I, sunshine, but that doesn’t mean—“ He huffs. “Look, it’s fair game, okay? An eye for an eye for a positive reinforcement or whatever. Fair game.”
Dean anticipates him, of course he does: “I mean, I know you can say—whatever,” his voice is weak, frantic, “but you can’t
Sam eyes the clippers warily, probably worried about his own luscious locks, but nods in agreement.  “Dean’s right,” he sighs. “If you want, we can go buy lice shampoo and a comb, but we really need to get back to the books soon. And as long as you’re staying in the bunker with us, you can’t just keep the lice in your hair.”
The fingers in his hair are light and exploring, running up the sides of his head and coming back down to scratch at the nape of his neck. The touch is soft, too soft, enough to make him want to shiver. He tries to hold himself tight against the onslaught and wait for the eventual smiting, but it never happens—Cas just keeps coming back for more, dipping his fingers in and out of Dean’s hair.
“Then why?” Dean’s voice has dropped almost to a whisper, and Cas realizes he must have even moved closer at some point, because he can count the freckles on Dean’s face. “Why have you been so nice to me?”
Cas has no follow-up; he knows there’s no way to explain his almost prophetic belief that Dean will be a father one day, that he’ll be loving and good, without digging himself a bigger hole. Once that’s clear, the heads turn to Dean instead.
Cas can feel a smile bubbling up, but he schools his face into a more neutral look. “That was awful.” He widens his eyes to look even more earnest. “I received no pleasure from that.”
This is very different from the conversation he was expecting. He thought he would be chewed out for taking advantage of Dean’s discomfort with emotional vulnerability just to—just to shower him with the words of a lover and watch him blush. He thought he would be kicked out once again for the cardinal sin of imagining domesticity with a man who had been forced to give it up over and over again.
He left not long after Dean stormed off, though it took a few bug-eyed looks from Sam and nervous, stifled laughs from Kevin for him to realize that sitting in the kitchen was the bigger humiliation.
But Cas doesn’t approach just yet, instead turning his attention back to Jack with a preliminary scan over his head. “Have you decided what you’ll do?”
Dean is striding into the room now, surprisingly fast for his bad foot, and it catches Cas off guard. “It’s not what, huh? Not the same? Why do you get to do it but I don’t?” Dean asks, stopping in front of his bed and glaring down at him.
Before he can react, Cas is stepping into his space again, placing a hand on his head. There’s a flash of light, a mild burning sensation on his scalp, then suddenly, the itching is gone.
Cas rushes to explain before either of them can look too far into that sentence. “Like we did before, I mean. It helped me through that night, so I thought maybe feeling my presence, physically, would help solidify the fact that I’m,” still here, still the same, always and always in love, “alive again.”
“Right, uh.” There’s nothing he can do but shrug. Cool as ever, Winchester. “I mean, sure, if he wants.”
. Everyone is looking at him now. Kevin. Sam. Dean. He’s been careless; he got too used to saying whatever thought popped into his head, hidden under the guise of making Dean squirm.
Dean can tell that he’s trying very hard to be patient with Jack, softening his voice and speaking directly like he does sometimes with victims or the bereaved—but it’s betrayed by the fact that he hasn’t stopped backing away from the kid.
Here, at least, the food is better. There’s scrambled eggs on the stove when he enters the kitchen, which is surprising; yesterday, Dean cooked in the early morning and put Cas’s portion in the refrigerator.
The next day is a bad day. Dean has a few swollen toes, so he rests instead of making breakfast or helping with dishes, and Sam works with Kevin all morning, and Cas can’t heal Dean because he can’t do much of anything these days.
“So, uh, let’s get ‘er done,” he says, stepping up to Cas and awkwardly tilting his head forward to make an easier target. “Just a quick wham-bam to the head and then, you know, lice-be-gone, right?”
It’s awkward at first: Dean tenses up and refuses to budge as soon as they touch, so Cas has to push him down in the back cushions a bit to get a good angle to swing his legs over. From there’s a clumsy sideways slide, Dean begrudgingly swinging his legs onto the couch at the last minute so they can lie flat across.
Surprisingly, Dean seems to calm down, and Cas lets out a quiet sigh of relief. He spoke too quickly again; he didn’t thoroughly consider the implications and connotations of “lying on top,” even though it was meant to be an innocent offer. The last thing he wants at this moment is to make it seem like he’s taking liberties with Dean or his body, not now that his love sits between them like a—like an elephant, as the saying goes.
He’s being vague again. Stilted. Sometimes Cas doesn’t mind when Dean is hard to understand, because it feels like a challenge to try and read through the lines; curiosity is what first drew him to Dean, after all, so many years ago. But today he’s in no mood to take blind guesses, wading through the human pop culture references and debating the nuances of “buddy” versus “pal.” Is it his turn to speak? Is he supposed to say, Who’s there?
Cas had never really planned his death—his final death, that is—but once the path opened up to him, he knew exactly where it would end.
The memory, whatever it is, doesn’t feel very pleasant, but these eggs are surprisingly good and they bring a sudden thought to mind. He looks across the table at Dean, willing his attention; Dean looks up seconds after.
As he stands there in an empty hallway, grinning like a madman, Dean reaches one simple, glorious conclusion: He needs to get lice more often.
“I doubt Sam’s feelings are that simple,” Cas offers, but Dean quiets him with a bump to the shoulders.
“It’s because I feel love and affection for him,” Cas finishes, like it’s the easiest thing in the world to say. “That’s why I talk the way I do. That’s why I’m protective of him.”
Dean seems to take his silence as some sort of confession. “You know, I knew you were bent up over losing your grace, but I didn’t know you had gone all the way up your own ass. Is this what humanity does to you? You’re so confused about yourself, you have to pick apart other people?” He doesn’t wait for a response, just builds off the momentum of his own anger. “This is a new level of cruel, Cas, a new stratosphere! Dragging in Sammy, bringing it up on hunts, all so you can dissect my f—”
Even through the haze of relaxation, Dean still feels an embarrassed jolt shoot through his body from the praise. He clears his throat, keeping his eyes closed, and tries to deflect. “Yup, that’s me, patience of a saint. I’m not Jack, you know. You don’t have to baby me.”
“Not exactly. Lice are attracted to clean skin, and my grace keeps this body spotless. They latch onto me quickly.”
“You don’t know that,” Dean interrupts, angrier this time. “You can’t say you’re not leaving when you—you always leave, it’s what you do! And maybe you don’t want to or don’t mean to, whatever, but that just makes it worse. Every time! Every time, Cas! Something always comes up, you’re busy, you’re dead,” he chokes on the word, fists balling at his sides, “you’re missing, you’re whatever. Even if you don’t really leave, you get taken away.”
,” he says, speaking slowly and holding eye contact so Dean knows the words are true, “is good. I like the eggs, and the way you make them.”
“Can you?” Cas muses, stroking his thumb across Dean’s hairline and around his ear, his eyes never leaving the path. “I’ve been struggling with that distinction.”
“Dean, breathe,” Cas whispers, resting his palms flat on the other man’s shoulders and applying the slightest bit of pressure, letting gravity do the rest of the work so Dean can feel his weight like a comforting blanket. They settle into each other then, tense muscles turning into something softer and more pliant. “I’m here. I’m not leaving. We have time.”
Cas is discussing grace removal with Dean, and it feels like trying to explain the endless, frightening expanse of the ocean to a dung beetle. He can maybe get the gist across, but what he can’t explain is the overwhelming feeling that you’re about to be swallowed whole. He just doesn’t have the language.
It hits him, very suddenly, that he was dead. He had known that as an objective fact, of course, but, well, he hadn’t really considered the actual consequences of it, the aftereffects, so to say, and he finds himself arriving at an obvious conclusion.
Ten minutes later, the front door to the bunker is bursting open, which tells Dean everything he needs to know about his friend’s driving skills. He’s pretty sure it’s impossible to cover that distance in ten unless Cas took a shortcut through someone’s living room.
Tiger. The words should feel soothing, but Cas isn’t an idiot; he sees the clear discomfort in Dean’s face. He lets his gaze drop and focuses on his hands in his lap. “You don’t have to say that.”
“I know it hasn’t been easy,” Dean tries again, but they both know that he said that already outside the Gas-N-Sip, so he switches tactics a third time. “I just, uh, wanted to say, good.... work. Out there. You did good, tiger.”
Cas seems unphased by his sudden nerves. “You could say that. Sit down,” he says, gesturing to a nearby chair. “Jack, would you mind checking on Sam? Tell him that lice usually don’t transfer without direct hair-to-hair contact.”
“You don’t—” Dean lets out a shaky gasp, drops his shoulders to a hunch as if the wind got knocked out of him. He looks smaller than Cas has ever seen him before. “Cas, you can’t say that,” he whispers.
Dean follows the movement, too. “Hate to break it to you, buddy, but that’s just kind of how it is. Fake it ‘til you make it, and all that.”
know. I just don’t have many reasons to praise people, I guess. Or thank them. People... they either piss me the hell off and don’t deserve my thanks, or they’re too good for me and they don’t need it. Even Sammy doesn’t want my approval anymore; he likes to call me patronizing.”
Jack leaves just as Dean is settling down, trying to fight both the urge to itch and the urge to jump out of his seat and make a run for it. Before he can do either, he feels Cas come up behind him—one hand drops on the seatback, the other hovers above his head.
Dean shakes his head quickly, and his chin almost clocks Cas right in the forehead. “No, just—crap, Cas, I can—I can do this, just let me—“
“I didn’t say it hurts. Just itches,” he deflects—and crap, now he’s thinking about the itch, and how he’s been trying not to scratch it this whole time since he doesn’t want Jack to feel guilty again, but hell, it’s less the itch and more the fact that he has bugs in his hair, little bugs just crawling up there! Little, tiny bugs that he can’t pick out because they’re too tiny!
Cas is sitting in his makeshift room a few hours later, staring into space and trying to remember a song that one of the men in the encampment had hummed, when he hears hobbling footsteps down the hall. Seconds later, Dean appears in his doorframe.
Dean seems to come alive under him, tightening their embrace and running his hands in slow strokes up and down Cas’s back. “Don’t want to. Everything’s crap without you,” he mutters, leaning his face into the touch. His eyes flutter and fall shut again—Cas takes this as an opportunity to let a wide, cocky smile spread over his face.
Cas seems almost frantic as he rushes into the room where they’ve been waiting, but luckily, Dean notes, it doesn’t look like he smashed through glass to get here.
Cas frowns, twisting his head behind him to look at the way his body drapes over Dean’s, the way their legs tangle and intertwine. “What, is this different from before?” Maybe he miscalculated the angle, or maybe he had his hands positioned differently last time?
He used to feel a sense of loyalty and obligation towards this vessel, a desire to do better that flared up each time he saw the mirrored reflection of Jimmy Novak’s face. But now, he realizes with a stab of clarity, those feelings are unnecessary. There’s nothing to be loyal to anymore; there’s just him.
The ghost, an old woman with frantic eyes, corners him after his slip-up, but Dean is on her in a second, slicing through her wispy form with a crowbar.
Dean’s response to these comments is always the same: a momentary stumble—whether it’s a pause in his action or a crack in that angry wall he keeps in front of his face—followed by a series of grumbles and vague hand gestures. And, of course, the telltale pink in his cheeks.
He hears Jack talking, too, in quieter tones that he can’t quite make out, but he refuses to slow down. By the time they catch up, he’s already rummaging around the bathroom cabinet.
“You talked so much before, I could barely get a word in,” Dean continues, and they both smile even though they know the joke is just a warm-up to something bigger.
He considers telling Sam that it's all just part of the conditioning exercise, another case study, but they both would know it's a lie. Another part of him wants to mention the conversation from earlier, about how Dean thought Sam didn’t want his approval anymore, but he knows it isn’t his place; he only says that the deal was accepted. After that, Sam seems to settle in and enjoy the show, laughing into his mug whenever Dean dropped something or left the room in a hurry.
Jack doesn’t respond, talking instead to whoever’s on the other end of his call: “Yeah, he’s gonna cut his own hair, too.”
Regardless, Cas begins to look forward to their breakfast time together, even if it’s already lunch for Dean, and he has to assume Dean does too; each morning, there’s food waiting on the stove, and each morning Cas makes sure to give his “compliments to the chef,” as they say. Dean also stops trying to correct him on proper Pavlovian technique after the first day, which Cas is grateful for. Maybe he’s using this exercise as an excuse to pass along more praise to Dean. Who could blame him?
They’re closer now, only a few feet apart. Dean no longer looks angry, but his face is still guarded, so Cas can only guess at whatever emotion has taken its place.
But Cas thinks he understands what Dean is saying anyways. The game, the compliments, the so-called “experiment”—it was all wrong. “You’re right. I’ve treated you unfairly. I used your vulnerability for my own personal benefit. I’m sorry, Dean.” He hopes it’s enough.
Dean just blinks, not processing at first, until it finally clicks; his eyes almost bug out of his head. “If you—”
Dean looks winded, staring back with wide eyes and flaring nostrils as he breathes in heavy bursts through his nose, like his final, straggling reserve of energy was just spent up; Cas takes this as a yes, and begins to talk.
Sam is apprehensive at first. “You’re trying to… trick yourself into being happy? Seriously? You can’t just gloss over your problems and pretend like they’re not there,” he tries to argue, but one look between them and they both understood the irony of that statement. Instead, he settles on: “And you’re taking this advice from
“This is good,” he whispers to his hands, testing the words against the cold ache in his chest. “This is good.”
He sounds nervous, though. “So, you—you, uh, stuck with the truth, or stuff you thought was true or whatever. For what? Didn’t want to tamper the results?”
Cas doubles down on his affirmations, and the results are astounding. Of course, he’s completely given up the good doctor routine at this point, at least in his head; there’s no denying that this has started to become
But that was an hour ago, and this is now: Dean keeps an arm’s length between them on the couch, his eyes trained on Cas like the hunter he is. It’s almost unsettling, Cas thinks—and that’s coming from someone who once won a staring contest with a rabbit—as if Dean is too tense to move, too susipcious to turn his head and let Cas out of his sight for even a second.
Cas smiles, holding Dean’s face in his hands like a precious object, until the rest of the conversation finally comes back to him. “You really thought I was lying,” he sighs.
Cas hadn’t considered that. He had been so caught up in the wave of emotions that comes with a human mind and body that he hadn’t thought about simply redirecting the tide. It’s an interesting idea.
“Dean,” he says in a quiet voice, careful not to move too quickly as he inches closer, not wanting to startle. “I’m here.”
“Listen, I’m really sorry for the past few days. Kicking your laptop, then hitting you in the face… ” Dean rubs the back of his head as he trails off.
There was silence on the other end before Cole responded. “Nah, you’re right…It was nice, but I didn’t feel it either.” He sighed. “I do like ya, man. We coulda gotten there given enough time, I think.”
Bart stood in frustration and started pacing. “Because you talk about him like you’re in love with him or something. You don’t make any effort with me anymore and all your time is spent with Dean.” Castiel didn’t know what to say and Bart took it as a chance to continue. “I know we’ve both been busy, but you never call me or message me anymore, it’s always me reaching for you.”
Their witnesses were Jo and Alex, so they both walked over to Missouri to sign the papers. Jo was talking to Missouri when Alex saw Castiel reach into his pocket. He slipped something to Dean. She was just close enough to hear what they were saying.
“It’s done,” Cas says, stepping back. For a second, Dean wants to lean back in the chair to chase his touch—which is exactly why he shouldn’t have done this, should have just ignored Jack and cut off his hair when he had the chance. Friggin’
Dean grins. “I used to talk to him while I ate, try to convince him it was good. Just me knocking back a can of peas, going—” he mimes eating out of a can with a spoon, and Cas feels a twitch in the corner of his mouth— “
If there was ever something close to truth, a singular universal truth, he would find it in Dean’s eyes. The same defiant eyes that challenged him when they first met, pulling him down to Earth the same way he raised Dean from hell—meeting in the middle, as they always do. Those eyes have never led him astray, not really; they’ve led him where he needs to go.
“Can run two evil science labs, or whatever creepy thing you said. Yeah, yeah, I remember, Doc Brown.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean’s blush is back, a little darker this time; Cas thinks this is his favorite one yet. “I appreciate you.”
He’s interrupted from his thoughts by a sharp kick to his chair, and looks up to see Sam, already retreating to his corner again, giving him a deadly glare.
“Neither of us can account for the future,” he starts, “but I…well.” He pauses for a second, considers his words, then says simply: “If you don’t understand my commitment to you by now, you’re an idiot, Dean. Whatever happens, I will stay by your side as long as you’ll have me. And if I am taken away, I won’t stop until I find my way back. Do you understand that?”
“You are. You’re friggin’ kidding me.” Dean looks incredulous. “I don’t need to stroke your ego? You’ve spent all week knocking me over the head with what a stand-up guy I am and then you turn around and beat yourself up—and I can’t even give you one lousy compliment?”
But Dean just sighs, setting his jaw and folding his arms. “Right. Well. It was fun while it lasted, but I hope you got all your data points.”
Dean’s face seems to fall even further, as if he didn’t want Cas to actually admit it. “Yeah. You did. Look, I can take a little ribbing. Just don’t—” He takes a breath. “What you said in the kitchen. Don’t say that crap when you know it’s not true.”
Dean’s hands immediately fly up to his hair, combing through the short, singed ends. “Did you… did you just smite the lice?”
That’s not totally true, if he's being honest. There are always plenty of reasons for Dean to be mad at himself: for attracting the lice, for choosing this particular motel over another, for not being able to suck it up and work through the case. Not that he didn’t try, of course. He and Sam got through about three questions before Dean was scratching his head so furiously that the 90-year-old witness told him to get off of her couch—arguably one of his most embarrassing moments. But what is this, confession? He doesn’t have to admit any of that.
He doesn’t know how much time passes, but soon a door opens in the bunker and what sounds like a stampede comes rushing toward their room.
,” he whispers, nuzzling his nose against Dean’s stubble and wrapping his arms tighter around his back. “It was terrible how well you kissed me. This feeling of joy in my chest will likely give me indigestion. I can’t believe I waited years for this moment and was completely let down.” He drags his nose down and plants a few kisses on his neck. “I hate it when you’re perfect.”
Cas shuts himself up immediately, wiggling a hand out from under Dean’s back so he can draw it across his lips in a zip-up motion and then throw away the “key,” exaggerating each movement to make the metaphor clear.
Cas stops mid-sentence. He looks a bit like a kicked puppy, so Dean tries to quickly explain: “Sorry, I’m just—I wasn’t mad at myself, okay?”
It played out very simply in his mind: He would confess then and there, opening the windows and drawing the blinds on all his musty, locked-up secrets, finally embracing the supreme joy of a mind and heart at peace with one another; he would watch Dean’s face as he did so, ready to accept with grace whatever response was thrown his way; he would let himself get swallowed whole; he would die with love on his lips and love in his sight.
He watches as a crack forms in Dean’s expression, small at first, just a quick blink of the eye and an intake of breath—then everything starts spilling out.
“Yes,” Cas says instinctively. And then: “Except for the comment about the shirt. That was mostly a joke.”
Jack looks up immediately. Dean continues: “It’s fine, okay? Don’t feel bad. This is a minor issue—actually, it’s not an issue at all. We’ll just do what me and Sammy used to do as kids, just chop off the hair and start again.”
Silence settles back in once their giggles fade away, but it’s gentle this time, nothing like the oppressive emptiness that so often fills the bunker. Neither of them move from their position. They should probably kiss at some point, Cas thinks, but right now he wants nothing more than to doze off in Dean’s arms. He might even be able to do it; the couch is so warm and comfortable that even Michael himself could be lulled to sleep.
“Yeah. Your little project? The Stanford Dean Experiment?” Dean raises his eyebrows. “Let’s see what Mr. Tortured Soul over here does when a few scraps of affection are thrown his way? Ring a few human decency bells and see if he starts salivating? Ain’t that friggin’ fascinating.”
They look into a haunting that week. Cas isn’t in top form—he’s still not used to being human, he’s used to his strength being effortless, so he overcompensates, he swings too hard and loses his balance—but Sam is going to burn the remains any time soon and they haven’t had any serious injuries yet.
Cas wipes the blooming smile off his face, nips it in the bud—really, he was just pleased that his attempt at being comforting was working. No other reason.
Cas continues his work in silence for another minute, and Dean falls further and further under his spell. He can’t even begin to remember the last time someone played with his hair, or even just touched him like this, soft and slow. If he didn’t know any better, he would say Cas was stalling on purpose.
“This morning we’re going to start with our spelling.” There was a collective groan. “Yeah, yeah, yeah. It’s still happening.”
“Would you be interested in helping me at the bake sale tomorrow? Charlie will probably still be sick and it was just going to be the two of us manning the sale tomorrow.”
Cas cuts him off mid ramble. “Stop that. I've heard you mother hen Sam over the phone and you're trying to do that to me now too. This
Naturally, luck does not appear to be in his favour today. He can see the man sitting near the rear exit. Dean cringes inside and drops his gaze to the floor.
“Yeah, I do.” Cas’ hand finds Dean's and he tangles their fingers together. And Dean's stomach flutters. He can't even remember the last time he's felt giddy like this. Definitely gotta stop watching chick flicks in secret. But that's for later. Right now…
Dean turned to face Cas. “‘Cause I remember. I told you that I’m psychic, could see us getting married. We bet twenty dollars on it. Do you remember?”
“It’s okay, kiddo. You don’t need to be able to explain it.” She put their ice cream and spoons down and pulled him into a hug. Jo could be rough at times, but she knew when to be soft. “I think right now, you should think about what you want. What do you want, Castiel?”
Eleanor gives Dean a good long look. “I suppose since you’re doing me a favor by working the evening shift tonight, I can overlook this.” Eleanor’s tone changes to something far friendlier. “And he’s such a looker!” Dean’s eyes widen and he looks over at Castiel to gauge his reaction. Castiel’s cheeks are flaming red now.
They finished their conversation with plans for next week and Dean hung up, feeling lighter. Yes, it was the end of a relationship, but it wasn’t right, and Dean was done with that. He didn't want to be with Cole. He didn’t want to be with anyone else either: he wanted to be with Castiel, and he could wait for Castiel to be single and ready for Dean.
“That’s…Cas, I…” he trailed off. Words just weren’t cutting it right now. So instead, he pulled Cas closer and pressed a kiss to his lips. It was gentle and over too quickly, but there was hesitation behind it. “Is this okay?” he asked reluctantly. Cas nodded slightly and pulled Dean back to him.
Castiel raises his eyebrows. “Yes, she does. She has a hard enough time saying her own name, it seemed mean to make her try Castiel instead.”
Dean thought there was more time. There was this cute girl in his class, Stephanie, with dark gently curled hair, big blue eyes, and a great smile. He’d invited her back to the room for a little bit to “introduce her a great show he’d just found and she would love.” Oh, there is no show, they both knew it. Dean had casually mentioned that his roommate had class until four, leaving them with a solid two hours alone. Her eyebrow arched at the suggestion and simply told him to lead the way.
He doesn’t have to wait very long that morning at least. As Dean approached the bus stop, he could hear it in the distance.
“Okay, that's it. Enough of this garbage. Let's watch something else.” He picked up the controller and went back to Netflix's main menu.
“I’ve felt like something has been missing since I moved away all those years ago. And I didn’t feel complete until I walked into your apartment and realized it was actually you.”
Dean feels his phone vibrate in his pocket and pulls it out. It's a text from Charlie. He’s long since believed that Charlie is a magical being, but this really cements it.
At the next stop, several people cram onto the already full bus, and Dean finds himself being shoved further down the bus to the midsection. He’s definitely not noticing that he’s in closer proximity to the man. The bus pulls away from the stop and Dean allows himself a glance. The man is reading, intently focused on a hard covered book in his lap, so Dean decides to take it as an opportunity to let his eyes linger. Dark, messy hair, slight bags under the eyes, god awful brown trench coat… Yet somehow, they all blended together perfectly to make this handsome man. Dean let his thoughts wander as he kept watching him.
Yes, he could be a bit of a class clown and could rile up the whole classroom in no time when he was in the mood, but he was never malicious or spiteful, and he was well liked. She had seen him swoop in to protect his brother Sam in the first grade when he had been pushed over on the playground, but was pleasantly surprised when he backed off after it turned out to be a genuine accident. There was a level of maturity to this ten year old boy that she had not expected. She was not sure where it came from, but she would love the chance to find out one day.
Cas had a guy in their room. And they weren't just hanging out. Cas had been on top of him, thick thighs straddling the guy's lap, Dean fairly certain he even saw the slow rocking of hips. And his hands. Dean couldn't see his hands, they were so far up the stranger's shirt, not even taking the time to ruck it up properly. Well. At least, one hand was up his shirt. Dean couldn't see where the other one was.
“Well, yeah,” Dean scoffs. “You're gonna grow taller than me, you're gonna be put to work.” Sam only scoffs in return and dumps the box on the empty bed.
"Awesome," Dean tells him. "Pecan is a great choice and perfect for the holidays." He puts his hand on Cas's shoulder and sighs dramatically. "I can't believe you want to encroach on my dinner plans though," he teases.
Jack continues to explain how the new heaven is connected. The rooms are not separated by visible walls, but only walls angels can feel. Human souls don’t register them. They take a walk as Jack shows a few examples of the rooms. Heaven is laid out much like America, and many rooms have been erased as people are put together. With fewer rooms comes more power to keep heaven running despite the lack of angels. There are no cities, but there are some closely laid houses that resemble a suburb.
“How’s your head?” Castiel asks conversationally despite Dean’s mouth opening and closing like a goldfish. His adam's apple bobs as he tries to come up with something to say, but he can’t.
“Obviously,” Castiel says as he pulls Dean’s shirt up. Castiel spends more time admiring him than Dean is used to, and that’s saying something considering the extensive amount of staring they’ve done for the last decade. “Just as beautiful as your soul.”
“Stop, it’s me. It’s Sam. You’re safe, Dean,” the familiar voice of his younger brother cuts through blind panic and adrenaline. A few blinks later and Dean is staring into his brother’s soft brown eyes. God, he hates that look.
“You aren’t hallucinating, Dean,” the figure moves more into the dim light of the kitchen. A laugh bubbles up his sore throat. Another night of yelling himself hoarse starting to permanently affect his voice.
“Fine,” Sam gives in. He grabs some box of no cholesterol, no sugar, no taste cereal and sits down beside his brother in companionable silence.
The prayer that comes through is neither the elderly woman nor the religious father, but the gruff voice belonging to a man he’d fallen in love with.
“What was that?” Castiel says as he rocks back again. Dean settles a hand on Castiel’s hip to stop him. The low growl that action earns almost makes Dean back down and let Castiel do whatever he wants. Except Dean can’t back down. Castiel needs to know just how badly Dean wants to take care of him. He needs Castiel to know he’s loved.
“Um, should we look it up?” Castiel asks and Dean’s face turns a flush of red. God, he hasn’t been a blushing virgin in decades. He forgot just how embarrassing first times can be.
This was not what Castiel expected, but in hindsight, he might have at least expected the psychic to tell him something he hadn’t known. The hug was nice.
Eileen brought him a beer and gave him a knowing look, but he elbowed her to drop it. Castiel isn’t going to die another brutal death. He’ll die old and happy alongside Dean. With Jack’s new rules in heaven, Dean and Castiel will share a heaven. The past is the past.
“Just a nightmare,” Dean grumbles, more so because it’s part of his character than to direct his brother away. He knows better than that. Sam wouldn’t listen to him. The look he earns proves just that, but the sigh that escapes the younger Winchester promises not to make him go into detail. He’s been doing that more and more lately. “M’ good.”
Charlie is in the middle of something big at the moment, so unfortunately, Dean has to wait. She wouldn’t tell him what she’s working on, but she said something about making him an accessory if he knew so, he decides to not ask just to play it safe.
The bickering continued and Alex decided then that next time, she was picking the movie alone and they could just deal with it. They seemed to have finally chosen one just as she was finishing up in the kitchen.
"You know I'll never say no to something baked,” Dean tells him matter of factly. "I'll be sure to keep that in mind."
Cas could see the excitement light up Dean's face. “I'm studying to be a physical therapist. I want to focus on sports injuries.”
Instead he gets out of bed and makes coffee. When he returns, it’s with two steaming cups. Cas has rolled over and taken all the blankets like a burrito. He sets the mugs down and gets back on the bed, too. He wraps his arms around his burritoed husband. “Good morning!” he says, rocking Cas back and forth gently but just enough to bug Cas awake. “Nooo,” Cas says into his pillow.
“We have a desk over here for you.” Donna gestured to the one she had placed on the right side of the room before the bell rang that morning. “I’ve already put all your textbooks in it.” Castiel walked to his desk and sat down before pulling out his pencil case, ready to start. Donna already liked him for the simple reason that he seemed ready to learn all on his own.
Dean brightens under his false optimism and almost bounces to the bus stop. There’s no need to be embarrassed because he was clumsy yesterday. He’ll never see that guy ever again. What are the odds?
“Well, it’d be silly to not be a little worried at least,” Charlie reasons. “Please keep going!” Charlie hasn’t even noticed that she hasn’t checked the clock the whole time Donna’s been speaking.
Bart leaned away, a slight scowl on his face. “Maybe you’re talking about him too much. What am I supposed to think?”
“Excuse me,” Dean says to the people in front of him. A couple of them shuffle a little, but not enough for Dean to get by. He rolls his eyes and pushes through anyway. There’s no time for fake politeness when he needs to get off the bus NOW. The doors open and only two people exit. He’s gotta get there too, but it just feels like the people are crowding him now. His anxiety levels sky rocket and he pushes harder. His coat must have snagged on something as he passes and he can feel himself getting stalled where he stands. Dean gives a sharp tug and goes flying into the person in front of him. A bead of sweat actually drips down his brow from a combination warmth of the bus and his nerves. He would have landed on the floor were it not for all the people here and the soft lap he’s fallen on. Dean looks up. Of course it’d be him. He could only have landed in the lap of the man with the nicest blue eyes.
He knew he didn’t like that guy. He shoots off a quick reply expressing his undying gratitude and how much he owes her for this. It’s only a few silent minutes later, their teeth chattering too much for conversation, that they’re back in their dorm.
“Okay, bye then.” Dean sighed in relief. He knew he should probably feel worse about being so indifferent to his not-a-boyfriend's interests or even that Cole didn't make any effort to make plans to see each other soon, but he was just still on Cloud Nine having Cas back in his life.
“Then, you raise the ball behind you and really swing it down the lane while you step forward. Don't pass the line though. We can work on aiming after you get the right amount of speed. Got it?”
“You betcha. You think us teachers don't talk about you guys? We know you talk about us, so it's only fair, right? Plus, everyone is talking about that right now. It’ll blow over soon though,” she adds as an afterthought.
Dean was reluctant. He had been really focused on school lately. When was the last time he'd just had some fun? On the other hand, he needed to do well in school to get a good job, and pay back Bobby as soon as possible (and then some), and help Sam get through school, too…
“Well, it sounds like you two have a lot to catch up on, huh?” Bart said, ignoring Castiel’s implication. He rolled his eyes.
Dean sits upright like he wasn't just making out with someone. “Heeey, Cas,” he says casually. “How's it going man?”
“Yep. Today’s the day. I knew it was coming up, so I looked up the exact day on a 1997 calendar,” Dean feels really pleased for thinking of this. “It felt like a day to celebrate.”
“Well, I think you’ve been spending too much time with Dean, for one.” Bart crossed his arms with a frown and Castiel couldn’t help but think he looked like a child.
Cas props himself up on his elbows and looks at Dean properly with a smile. “We do have fun together. I value our time together.”
“And even if we can’t hang out, we can still talk on the phone.” Castiel leaned over and pecked Bartholomew on the cheek. “It’ll be okay.”
. So funny. It's a buddy cop movie, can't believe you haven't seen it. We should watch it together.” Dean knows he's rambling, he can feel the words tumbling out of his mouth, but he can't seem to stop them. “Listen, I'm sorry making things awkward with this rumour thing. My brother got in my head about it. How about we start over?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Shut it, Sam. Cas didn't answer when I even mention his past roommate. It's like talking to a brick wall sometimes. He talks freely about everything, anything else except him.”
“You need to give it more time and I dunno. Eat your nachos, Cas.” Cas shrugs and digs in and Dean stands to take his turn. He finds a glossy black ball that reminds him of the Impala and winds up his arm and let's the ball fly. He whoops and pumps his fist when he knocks over eight pins leaving two standing together on the left. “Did you see that? I can't remember the last time I bowled. Some things you just don't forget.”
“Because it’s clearly painful for you,” he says. His voice doesn’t have the same power it used to have an angel, but he can still make it bite. “Because it makes you so deeply uncomfortable to say something honest that you need to pick a fight in order to even have this conversation. I know you, Dean. And I’m saying you don’t need to subject yourself to all this horrible agony for me.”
He’s sitting in the bunker library with Sam and Jack, combing through the extensive books left behind by the Men of Letters. Research is always a slog, but today feels even worse—he can barely sit still, like there’s some itch under his skin making him want to jump up and take a shower. He can’t place it, exactly, but it’s driving him nuts.
as Dean takes pictures of his hair half-dried and half-soapy, sticking up all angles. There’s no real heat in his thought-voice.
“I was going to say,” Cas continues, “that being in your presence is one of the easiest and most natural parts of my existence. Human or angel. Whatever problems I have with adapting to this life, you, Dean Winchester, are the least of them. So yes, I can focus on two things at once—showing my appreciation for you took no extra effort out of my day.”
,” he interrupts, throwing his hands up in frustration and turning around. Thankfully, Cas steps back for once, moving out of his space; there are only so many things he can deal with at a time, and an angel standing close enough to breathe down Dean’s neck is not one of them.
the door thudding behind him. He sees Jack hovering not far away, who flashes a quick smile before pushing past him into the room the moment he realizes that it’s his turn to see the good doctor.
“No way.” Dean is sticking his arm into the back of the freezer now, and after a second, he triumphantly pulls out a bag of frozen bread. “And miss out on this Brady brunch? Sit your feathery—uh, not-so-feathery ass down, bud. I’ll get you some toast and OJ.”
But the sounds are already retreating, heading off down the hall. “Don’t worry, I’m not impatient,” he hears. “I always knew you were coming back. Oh! And I’m not God anymore,” Jack calls over his shoulder.
He clues Sam into the whole story early on, though he keeps out the “veggies” part. Something tells him that Sam wouldn’t appreciate his brother taking credit for his healthy habits—the few that he had—but still, he values Sam’s perspective and is curious as to his insight.
“Dean,” he calls as passes the other man’s room, but Dean is already waiting for him when he rounds the corner.
Dean asked him if his body feels different from when he was just, quote, “riding it” as an angel. He doesn’t know where to begin. He feels as though he’s being pulled in a million which ways; it’s like every part of him, from his eyes to his ears to his pinky toes, has something to say. Often, that something is just a pain receptor going,
Cas nods and gets to work on filling up his plate, remembering at the last second to roll up the sleeves of his zippered hoodie so they don’t touch the food. The first time he walked around the bunker in his “human” attire, Dean looked at him like he had grown a second head, or accidentally released his trueform. But now, Dean paid him no mind—just glanced over to check that the stove was off and went back to his laptop.
“Son of a bitch,” he mutters, combing through his hair and leaning forward to get a good look in the mirror, hoping to catch one of the little buggers. “Son of a
, and he surges forward, tangling his fingers in Dean’s hair and kissing him until they both pull away, breathless.
And come to think of it, Dean has been feeling little flashes of heat behind him whenever Cas’s fingers aren’t traipsing through his hair—mini-smitings, maybe? He feels a headache coming on already. “You’ve been picking them out,” he says, teeth gritted, “like finger food? One by one?”
“Are you kidding? I friggin’ Pavlov’d that kid. That’s what you gotta do sometimes. Sometimes your body, it...” Cas watches as a furrow appears in Dean’s brow. “It doesn’t know what it likes or doesn’t like, not really. So you have to tell it.”
“Right.” Dean sighs. He gives one swift, resolute slap to the tops of his thighs, then stands up; he’s fixing this. “Jack, look at me.”
Still half-asleep, Cas nods. “You’re very thoughtful,” he says, almost dreamily. “You’ll make a good father one day.”
Dean nearly jumps a foot in the air, though he realizes immediately who it is: There’s only one guy who can sneak up on him like that. He shoots a cursory glance over his shoulder before returning to his hunt. “Jesus, Cas, how many times do we have to talk about this?”
Dean takes a shaky breath. Cas’s gaze shifts, watching his Adam’s apple move up and down. “Everything you said… it was all true?”
The great experiment continues, and after a few days, the affirmations start to feel incessant, instinctive—something not unlike prayer. It’s hardest at night, when the words swirl around in his head until they turn into vicious mockery. It’s easiest in the morning, when he forgets dumb rules like
“You need to cut that crap out.” Dean’s face is angry and red. He reminds Cas of a wounded dog, fighting with nothing to lose. For a second, Cas wishes he could still see Dean’s soul.
Leaving Dean alone in the hall, every thought he’s had over the past ten minutes catching up to him in quick succession.
“A little,” he says, then quickly adds, “but it’s not a bad thing. You’re, uh, you’re affectionate with him, yeah? You have a certain voice you use, and—you kind of slipped into it just now.”
Cas nods and returns to his plate; he chooses to be content with how the conversation ended and to consider the matter settled. But when he looks up a minute later, he finds the blush still there on Dean’s cheeks.
Cas rests his forehead against Dean’s and lets his eyes flutter close, but they snap open again when he feels Dean freeze in his arms.
“What? No, I haven’t,” he counters, instinctively defensive. Sam raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t say anything in response, returning to his own impressive stack of books.
He finds a more natural system eventually, only using his affirmations when he feels that telltale prick of shame or resignation at his human state. He doesn’t quite know what his goal is; he’s not convinced he can completely rewrite the narrative, change his first instinct from deprecation to acceptance when he makes a mistake. But he tries anyway.
