Then puts his lips against Cas’ collar bones, his chest, sinking to his knees, hands clinging to Cas’ sides like he’s the only thing keeping Dean tied to the earth and it feels that way, like if he didn’t hold on he would just fall–
“If I killed him, what would I ransom?”
“I’m saying this so you’ll understand why I didn’t answer the phone.”
Dean goes back to work.
”Cas… you sound… tell me what’s going on.”
“It was my doctor,” Dean says, “I’m deathly allergic to sugar and can no longer be within fifty yards of hard-boiled sweets. You’re gonna have to leave.”
“I dropped out of high school,” he tells her in return.
“I’m not a very good cook,” Cas says.
“I just left. I didn’t even say goodbye. How shitty is that? I snuck out like a bad lay.” Dean is feeling delirious. Like he’s drunk again, like he’s high. “It’s worse because I think he loves me back. It felt like he did, when we were together. He was so– and if he didn’t, if that wasn’t love, I don’t think I can stand love. ’Cause that was… it feels impossible. It should be, right? He’s there and I’m here and if he doesn’t hate me now I don’t think I can be with him ’cause that’s some really shitty judgement on his part, right? I can’t be with someone who won’t protect themselves. God knows I’ll take advantage of it.”
"Oh," she said, "sorry, I just assumed."
For the first time since the door opened, Dean looks away from Cas. His eyes drop to the floor, to the step and a half between his shoes and Cas’ bare feet. It’s something like vertigo, what’s taken over his body. Vertigo, or the abstract pain of opening your eyes and realising you are lying still in your bed, no matter how close the moment of falling seemed.
The teenager relaxes visibly. “There’s one just around the corner.”
“I just have to–“ Cas gestures towards the register, and Dean waves him away, groaning as he sinks into the armchair closest to the counter. He chugs some more water.
When they’re lying in bed that night, Cas is falling asleep on Dean’s arm and Dean wouldn’t move it for anything, not for anything.
Dean said, sitting up.
Dean walks into a doorframe.
Dean leans back in the armchair, closes his eyes, and breathes.
The Doctor nodded, face so schooled. A man who had done this many times. Whose sympathy was real but carefully organised.
“You know,” he says, as they walk past car after car and his stomach sinks further and further, “I was kidding when I said about the limo. There’s not actually a limo, right?”
“Dean?” it sounds like he’s in a car, and there’s another voice there. Gabriel?
“Ugh, I’m too old for this shit,” he says, but takes the joint when she offers it. “Also,” he adds, “don’t do drugs.”
But here, on a different continent, across an ocean, Dean feels good, and proud, and safe.
He thinks, if he can just go to bed next to Castiel every night, all those places inside him that hurt, all those missing pieces and painful, ugly parts of him, might start hurting a little less. He might be okay, in a bed with so much forgiveness, with a man who understands him and wants him anyway.
“Jimmy–"
Talbot hums.
Cas’ eyes are closed, his lips red. Dean’s are tingling.
“Someone had to–“
Cas is already in the kitchen, making coffee. His head is bowed and the back of his neck looks pale and bare over the collar of his t-shirt. Dean wants to place his hand there, just to cover him up, just in case.
Then there’s a hand on his chest, pushing.
Cas nods, “I can make soup. And I can bake.”
”Oh, dear, oh, dear, of course not darlings! You’re such good boys, helping out with the wedding, Sam and Jessica are ever so happy you know.” He could tell she was on a roll, so he politely took Dean’s elbow in his hand and pulled him away.
Done. Done. Done. Done.
Dean follows him towards the parking lot, fairly sure he’s just been insulted.
Dean holds on to his brother, lets him say this.
The longer the silence rests, the stupider Dean’s answer starts to sound in his own head. As if he didn’t care either way.
Dean laughed, “Everyone at work, basically. And it’s always fun to remind Sam he’s not the smartest member of the family. His head is too big.”
“I don’t know how comfortable I am with–” Dean starts, and Talbot glares at him.
Cas heart pounded painfully against his ribs. He tried to tell himself he was being stupid. But. When it came down to it. There was a fifty percent chance that it was exactly what was happening. As big odds of Dean surviving, being rolled out to them by a smiling surgeon, waking up with a tired grin and some… witty comment, wittier than Cas could ever dream to be. Yes, just as big odds as Dean dying on a table, head cracked open–
“It’s from Sam,” he says.
Dean scratches at his growing stubble. “I have to go get a generator in Watford, wanna come?”
Cas refills his cup, wordlessly. Then he stands there, over Dean’s shoulder, waiting.
(Dean pulled away for a second, “I’m– You’re– Cas, I don’t know how to–”
“I’m gonna need a ride to the airport tomorrow.”
“You’re amazing,” Cas says, and his voice is so close Dean has to look up at him. Their heads are tilted close together. He wants to say it back, wants to insist that no,
–––––
of yours?” He said ’fiat’ like it was a dirty word. He never said dirty words like they were dirty words. ”This is how a car is supposed to sound.”
Dean?
He didn't know what to say then. What did you say to your fiancé who you couldn't remember ever meeting? A person who stood next to you on the steps to City Hall, dressed to marry you, who knew what you had in your pocket, who knew things you'd never told anyone, who you had declared 'the most awesome', who was gorgeous, who was looking at you like you were the most important thing in the world and who was apparently willing to promise the rest of his life to a ridiculous mechanic who might and might not survive, and who forgot him. What did you say to that person?
His voice sounds normal, he notes, when he tells Talbot he’ll miss him too, and thank you, and yeah, sure, he’ll email every now and again. Then he sits in the back of the Pullman with his duffel next to him and listens to the gravel turn to asphalt.
“No,” Cas says, “I’ll sit on the grass.”
At four am he falls asleep on his leather couch. Three hours later, he wipes the whiskey off the floor, downs the last drops at the bottom of the bottle, and makes himself a pot of coffee. It’s bitter and stale and burnt, and he pours it all down the kitchen sink. Then he stands leaning over it, his ragged, panicked breathing filling the empty, quiet house until all the corners are soaked in it.
Silence.
“It’s our car?” Sam asks, his voice strange and low.
He turns the ignition. It’s a rocky, jostling start, but then again, what isn’t.
Cas ran the tips of his fingers across Dean’s cheeks. “Don’t worry, no one is looking.” He murmured, catching another tear by Dean’s jaw.
He keeps glancing over at Cas on the way back. Just to see.
“Hey! How’s the Impala?”
“Yeah, I know. I should be telling him this. What? Of course I’m not
, he tried to bury the words, even from himself.
“You just arrived, let’s not talk business. I want to hear everything,” Talbot says, leaning forward, “what have you been up to? How long has it been? What are you now, nineteen?”
I’m super mad at you. Are you dead?? I hope you’re dead cause Sam says you’re talking to him on the phone all the time and if you can call you can check your email. Did I do something? Are you mad at me? I know I’m busy and can’t get out of Boston very often but you went to the UK, dude, you could at least let me know.
Dean refuses to count these seconds. He refuses to notice them as they go by. Instead, he leans close to Cas and kisses him and holds him and enjoys being held, too.
No one answered.
“Your place?”
: “ok. no, but I’m looking for parts myself now.”
Perhaps a blue one this time.
“I’m making you soup. You’re shaking.”
“It’s not just that,” Ricky says, “your reputation… the work you do is good, but even the regulars at this point– it’s just not looking good.” When Dean puts his head in his hands, he adds, “I wanna help, kid.”
Joey was a good worker, young, and talented. Dean likes him. Maybe if he calls him, they can talk it out. He starts counting in his head. If they offered him more money, he might come back. He’ll have to talk to Talbot. He’s known he needed to, since he saw the huge amount of money in his account. Even if he’s being paid in advance, it’s too much money, but Dean knows how fast money drains. They could pay Joey more and hope by the time the money runs out they’d managed to get more customers in– Dean can’t do that from here, he can’t do shit from here. He has to call Joey.
He flipped to the next card.
“shit, what’s dad gonna do?”
"You know why I'm here– is this some kind of fucked up prank, who put you up to this? Sam? It's not fucking funny." Why wouldn't this guy just
“Honestly,” Sam says, “yeah. It’s not like I haven’t suggested it before.”
“My annoying little brother,” he mutters.
To: Dean Winchester
"So, who's that guy?" Dean asks, nodding in the general direction of the stranger.
– I mean you walked out–”
“Come with me, I have an idea.” Cas took his hand and pulled him towards the house. Dean’s hand was steady and warm in his.
"That, my boy,” he puts an arm around Dean and steers him towards the steps, “we can arrange. Eames! Take the gentleman’s luggage to his suite, thank you very much!”
“You can’t do it all yourself,” Sam says.
“What did he say?”
) stood straight-backed in front of a mint green convertible Fiat (
“I need these parts, Jimmy.”
“Not really, though?”
Katie’s fun, even though Dean doesn’t understand what she’s saying half the time. When he gives her blank looks, she just laughs and repeats herself. She makes appreciative noises over the Impala, calls his wiring “interesting”, then shows him the Model A she has tucked away in an empty barn.
“Would you look at me?” He asked. He hated the way his voice sounded. He hated the way Dean held that bottle.
Hot, ugly guilt crawls its way towards his diaphragm. He tries to push it down, tries to ward it off with the lingering warmth on his skin where Cas has touched him. It doesn’t work. A hand is wrapping tight around his spine and he can’t move. He wonders what the hell he’s doing here if he’s not doing his job, doing his goddamn duty. So he lies, and breathes, reminds himself that the car is being put-back-together, that he has worked hard for weeks and months. He tries not to be consumed. When he can’t lie there anymore, he picks up the whiskey bottle he’s hidden underneath his mattress, he creeps through the silent house down to the garage, and pops the hood.
Dean’s trembling fingers were tangling into his hair, but Cas was shaking violently. He pressed his face against Dean’s neck, clawed at his hospital gown.
“I won’t,” Dean is saying, and he’s standing up, and he’s walking around the coffee table and reaching for Cas and Cas is meeting him halfway across the distance. “I won’t.”
The man gives him a long look. “If you want to order something, you can stand in line like everyone else–”
Eames rounds the corner with a tray of sandwiches, and Dean sinks down in a maroon leather armchair. Talbot sits in the one next to him, lifting his cast up on a matching foot rest, and pours Dean a glass of something golden. Eames places the tray between them, and quickly leaves again.
“Dean, please.” He just sounds sad, now. Dean stops laughing.
Sorry, didn’t mean to worry you. Dad’s in rehab. Sam’s in Nebraska. Shop might close, depends on John when he gets out. Might not afford a plane ticket for Thanksgiving.
Then he gets out of the car and walks towards the buildings.
“Who the fuck are you?”)
He slams his knuckles into a sharp corner of the hood. “
“You little sneak,” he murmured. “Who would have thought… and, uh, you know what?” His hand stroked the back of Cas neck, their lips were almost touching. “I really would like some.”
. And then I remember again, and I
Sam went quiet and still. He looked wary, betrayed. “Don’t–”
He calls Sam from the backseat of the Impala. It seems appropriate, and feels safe from Eames and Talbot’s interfering eyes.
He calls Sam, sitting there on the floor, his eye slowly swelling and bile in his throat, and when Sam answers, all that comes out is:
“Wednesdays are my therapy days,” Cas adds.
“Will you let me?” He asks, and his fingers, those goddamn fingers, are tucking into the waistband of Dean’s jeans and not tugging so much as leading, guiding. It makes Dean fumble, punches the air out of him to puff against Cas’ lips.
Talbot shows him to his room on the third floor, up two sets of winding staircases, which has a sitting area, an open fireplace, five windows, and en-suite bathroom, a walk in closet where his duffel bag sits looking overwhelmed, a surround system with an iPhone docking station he literally cannot use, but most importantly: a king-sized bed. Then he leaves him to it.
“I will,” Talbot says, not turning, “but you’re getting an hourly rate.”
“Me too.”
Dean is sick of tea. He is sick and tired of tea. He is nauseous and exhausted by the thought of it. First of all, it’s not really a drink. It’s almost water but also really, really not. It has caffeine, but not actually enough to make a difference. It’s a little like eating leaves but more like drinking something that tries to taste like leaves. Secondly, it’s
“I’m not good with crowds,” Cas says, low and slow.
But Cas is pulling away. He’s kissing a line down Dean’s spine and he’s pulling out, gripping Dean’s hands again, and Dean feels air on his skin and it’s cold and it’s empty and panic clenches in Dean’s stomach, he’s ruined it, he’s ruined this–
The butler gives a sigh, as if Dean is in fact the most terrible nuisance he’s ever had the misfortune of having to deal with. “Not to worry, Mr. Talbot’s description was sufficient.”
Dean waits for more. Then he says, “you look nothing alike.”
He straightened up and frowned. The guy was looking at Dean like he was waiting for something.
Cas nods. He starts to get out of the car, and Dean wants to kick himself. Quickly, he reaches out and grabs Cas’ arm. Cas turns to look at him, one foot out the door.
For a while, when Sam was little, he drew on everything, on every surface he could reach. They were all of the three of them, John, and Dean, and Sam, awkwardly stick-legged and with smiles so big they didn’t fit on their faces, so they went outside the lines a little. As if the happiness was leaking out.
“Yes,” Cas dragged his nails carefully to and fro across Dean’s arm and Dean shivered, “You have made several good points.”
Hey Charlie. I’m really sorry. It’s cool that you’re mad at me. You didn’t do anything, I’m just an asshole. How’s Max? And the cat? I’ll come visit you as soon as I’m home again. Maybe I’ll fly right to Boston from here? If you want. Miss you, kiddo.
Dean opened his eyes.
“Good. I’m glad. And how’s the car coming along?”
Dean doesn’t turn back around, he just dials Joey’s number.
“Believe me, keeping him alive is a chore.”
that you don’t know that loving you has nothing to do with what you’ve done for me. Loving you is… not circumstantial. It would have happened anyway. It was always gonna happen. I love you in every version of myself, in every… alternate fucking universe there is. Sick, healthy… in a post apocalyptic world run by machines– I love you–”
”It’s like whiskey.” Cas said, stroking his thumb over a callous on Dean’s palm.
Halfway through the fourth ring Dean drops the call, puts his fist against his teeth, and panics.
“It’s too much for one person,” Ricky continues, gathering steam, “especially when the other one is… well.”
A minute later, a text comes through, reading, simply: “I’m sorry”.
His fifth trip, he tries to strike up a conversation. It doesn’t go very well.
Dean lays Cas out, strokes his cheek and kisses him, then holds Cas’ hip in his hands and rolls their hips together, slow and careful so that he can listen to the hitch in Cas’ breath, and feel his chest move.
Watching the staff and patrons of Taste Buds is a small change of pace, a nice sometime break from the manor. Talbot, much like Sam, thinks he doesn’t get out enough, and has taken it upon himself to drag Dean away from work if he thinks he’s been down there for too long. Regular trips into town allows Dean to work the rest of the day, uninterrupted. The longer he stays, the more uninterrupted work hours he gets.
The unread emails stare back at him. Still three of them, the latest one received nine days ago.
Is this good crazy or bad crazy?
There’s a long pause. The girl on his left is pulling on the arm of his jacket, her mother gently trying to lift her away and throwing Dean four of five different apologetic faces. He smiles back at her quickly.
Breaking point.
“Dean?”
Castiel thinks about it for a second. “We get deliveries on Mondays,” he says in a slow, serious voice.
,” John says, “it’s
“Oh,” Dean says, “yeah, uh. Talbot kind of… gave me the car.”
Dean sighs, “I’m going to England for a job,” he starts, powering right through Sam’s incredulous repetition of
Don’t let me become someone I don’t know.
Gabriel laughs at him, then chats happily about his store until they pull up outside Taste Buds.
That night, he’d shared that feeling with Sam, where they lay in the backseat watching the street lights pass. Sam had wondered, innocently, if magic was real and Dean thought for a long time and then he said that people often didn’t understand magic. People thought it was an unexplainable thing that only existed in other worlds, but they were wrong, because magic surrounded them all the time.
“Dean?”
Cas didn’t manage to speak. He pulled a thread on his trousers as hard as he could. It cut into his palm. Sam was scared but trying not to let it show.
"So I'm doing the surgery right?" He asked Castiel. His
“Okay! Jeez!”
He hadn’t noticed that Cas was home yet. He could see Dean through the doorway to the living room. Dean sighed, nodded.
“I am.”
“I have to go,” Dean says, pushing past her.
“I’m here to fix a car for Jimmy Talbot, you know him?”
“Yeah,” He says.
In the garage, Talbot stands leaning against a 1960 Cadillac, Series 75. It’s sleek and shiny, polished within an inch of its life.
Cas stares at him.
“I’m not letting you take it to California,” Dean says.
"Please, Dean, you'll understand soon. Keep reading."
“I am,” he says, “I’m having a pretty great time.”
“They offered me a job at Popular Mechanics, and the pay isn’t that much better but… well, no one’s gonna be throwing bottles.”
“Awesome, we’re about to go to an open lecture about solar power right now!”
“I’m here.”)
Cas stood.
He peers up at the sign, and back down at the map. He’s leaning over it to protect it from the downpour, which just means rain is running in rivers onto it from his hair and neck and nose. The text of the map is starting to blur. It could be saying anything, but Dean is sure it doesn’t match what’s on the road sign.
“Your phone, Dean,” Cas says.
Cas touched the back of Dean’s hand and his relief was intense when their hands tangled together because at least this is the same. This easy reach for each other.
“Dean?” John said. He’s drunk. “Where are you?”
“That’s not what I asked”
Cas nods and starts typing. Dean finds that so goddamn charming.
A man in a sweater vest (
“You already do that. You love your lawn.”
Sam doesn’t respond right away. “I think if people like you, they like you.”
Meg blocks him with a hand on the guy’s chest, “back the fuck up, Garth,” she says, “at least let him grab a drink first.”
They didn’t dance.
“You too, Talbot.” And it is, strangely. Jimmy Talbot always did affect his surroundings like a punch affects a face: suddenly and with lasting effects, and something about his smile makes Dean think of a too big leather jacket, Sammy’s hand in his, and the smell of grease and cigarette smoke. “Though I have to say, from where I’m standing, a lot has changed. Man, what are you wearing?” Dean grins, “The mansion I kinda get, but what happened to your jeans? Why are you wearing glasses from the eighteenth century?”
“Are you asleep?”
Cas calls him late on a Tuesday night. He’s stepping out of the bathroom, towelling his hair, and notices his phone light up where it lies, charging, on the bedside table. He throws the towel back into the en-suite, but the phone has gone quiet before he picks it up.
Headlights, done.
“Dean??”
“You’re just gonna give this to me?”
He pauses in the doorway and looks back at Dean, who still doesn’t understand what’s happening.
“No, no, I got this.” He looks down at his wallet, and Talbot’s shiny black credit card sticking up out of one pocket. He sighs. “Is there an ATM somewhere close?”
“I want to make apple pie for you with apples from that tree.”
“got a thing in the morning, see you at yours after?”
“No,” Dean says, feeling defensive.
“I love you, too,” Cas says.
"Wanna get married?"
“What? No! What? Sam!” He feels hot and sweaty and he regrets calling. “Never mind, ignore me, what’s up with you, how’s school?”
“They have to take him now, they’re about to roll him in. You can still have a moment if–”
Dean smiled just a little. “I’ll remember that soon.”
Talbot looks at him then, surprise painting his face. Dean’s voice echoes slightly under the high ceiling. “Kid, I don’t know what–“
: “LOL”
Talbot shrugs, “When I have time, kid.”
“You’re in Wales.”
“See?” Sam says.
“I’m sorry?”
The sun was beating down on them and the Impala. Everything smelled like cut grass, oil, sweat, Dean’s shampoo. A neighbour walked by with his dog. Steven from down the road who had given Cas pointers of bird feed. Steven raised his hand in a friendly wave. Cas gave him a nod and a smile.
“What?”
Dean liked working on cars. He liked it, and he was very, very good at it. Sam was always on him to get a college degree, or at least a GED, but Dean never bothered. He wasn't ambitious in the same way his brother was, never had been. While Sam was fighting his way through law school to be able to make a difference in the world and help people, Dean was doing work he liked that payed the bills. He couldn't imagine ever needing more than that.
He flipped to the next card, and stared at it.
“I’m not busy,” Cas says, but there’s still voices in the background, and he sounds stressed and tense. “I have to– I have to go, I’m sorry, Dean. Gabriel will help you.”
Dean had picked up a wrench. His last couple of steps toward the beat up old Ford sitting in a corner had been long and urgent. When he started beating it, he started screaming. When he smashed the windows, Cas cried.
”I’m not talking about the car.”
Cas nods a little.
Dean shuts up. He thinks about how the money can go to fixing up his house, how he can sell the Chrysler he’s been driving for years, and finally get the garage into the black. He thinks about the little house with the window in the master bedroom that’s almost like a sky light, walking distance from Cas’ job.
Glancing over his shoulder, Dean sees him place the tray on a clear area of the work bench. Then he leaves without another word.
Sam managed to stay in the waiting room. Cas could not. He clutched at his own ribs and wished that it was night. Because Dean had always been stars. It was the way he had come to think of him, in accordance with heavenly bodies; bright lights breaking up the dark.
“What about the soup? That was amazing.”
He’s got the radio working, and quick-speaking British voices are streaming out of the Impala in clear quality. It’s some celebrity talk show, except Dean hav never heard of any of the celebrities. To be fair, he barely knows American celebrities.
So Dean spends the day at Taste Buds, slowly and painstakingly typing keywords into the computer in the corner, trying to find anyone in Surrey that could possibly have parts from a '67 4-barrel, V8 engine.
Sam is walking a half-step ahead of John across the parking lot. He’s taller than John too. This is the first time Dean has seen them in the same place since Sam left for college, a lanky teenager, and he’s struck by how old John looks. He’s thin and hunched over, and he’s walking weird, like he’s in pain. Sam looks furious. John looks furious too. Dean looks away. He doesn’t think he’s strong enough for their anger.
“I’m here. I’m right here. I’ve got you.”
”I think it’s brilliant.”
At least Sam's voice was the same, he thought to himself. He lost three years of his life but Sam was right here, and if he just didn't look at him he sounded the same and Dean could happily pretend that everything was normal, if he just looked down at his–
that way.
He drank until he was dizzy and then he kept drinking. Now he’s drunk.
When he glances back over, Cas is looking away, the corners of his mouth turned down.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and breathes through his mouth. “I’m back. Come on, let’s get you in the shower.” He helps John sit up, and steadies him when he sways, carefully leans his head on the back of the sofa. “Alright, now on your feet.”
Sam just looked at him for a moment, eyes serious. Then he said: "Yes." and, since for some reason when his brother looked at him with those honest, brown, puppy eyes he could buy any insane story under the sun, Dean believed him.
“No, you dolt,” he said, “there was absolutely nothing wrong with it. I just can’t believe that’s how I gotta tell people we got engaged. Sam’s gonna fucking lose it.”
“Just stop, Dean. Just let me in.”
"Look at me. I look different. I'm not lying to you."
, why–“
“Perhaps we will see how we feel about Sam’s, and then decide.”
”Hi, Cas.”
The doctor nods.
A grin grew slowly on Castiel's face. "Yes, there was."
Miss you,
At least I had time to teach you how to do a tune up.)
“It drives.”
“It’s Wednesday, so you’re not working, right?”
When there’s a lull in the crowd after lunch, Cas sits with him for a little bit, complaining about a man who’d been in this morning.
“Cas–” Jessica might have said. He walked away. Sam would be alright because he had Jessica to hold him. Jessica to spend his life with. They would have children, raise them to know the memory of their uncle. They would grow old together. The surety of their embrace was achingly familiar.
He texts Cas in the early afternoon.
A little later she asks, “so when you going back to the States, then?” and Dean breathes through it until he feels loose and buzzed again.
Talbot’s hand goes to his chest, indignantly, “It’s a
“I don’t want to kiss Castiel,” Dean insists.
“I want to go to Rome.”
Subject: re: re: re: !!
Cas twitches under his hand. Something washes over his face, something Dean can’t name, but it softens his brow and the turn of his mouth.
Then John hadn’t been in a few pictures, because he hadn’t been there when they snuck into the zoo without paying, or there to drop Sam off at school. Dean has stood alone on his awkward stick-legs, with his overflowing smile, holding his little brother’s hand.
Dean pauses and looks at him for any sign that it was a joke and it would be okay to laugh. His face is completely blank.
Dean has to look away. He stares out of the window, at the quiet parking lot.
Dean smiled into his disgusting glass of champagne as Sam embarrassed himself on the dance floor to swing music while his wife and her very large family watched.
Dean glances over at him, but he’s just sipping his coffee, looking at the passing houses.
“It’s getting worse.”
“What is this, Dean,” Cas pants, close to his ear. “What are you–“
Dean spent four hours in Cas’ apartment yesterday, watching a documentary about Napoleon and arguing about who really killed JonBenét Ramsay, his toes tucked under Cas’ thigh, holding onto Cas’ socked foot, fingers pressing into the heel. Then he had gone back to the manor to lie in bed in the dark, and ache.
“Morning, Jimmy.”
Sam was looking at the stranger with such unrestrained pity in his eyes that it seemed to make the air heavy and difficult to breath again, like you might look at an abused puppy left out in the cold and the rain. The stranger was looking at Dean, and that look… well, the last time he'd seen that look; the 'it-hurts-like-fucking-hell-but-I'm-putting-on-a-brave-face-for-you"-look, had been in a mirror. When John had just died, and he'd suddenly been alone with a twelve year old kid brother to take care of.
Yeah, no? He was starting to sound like Dean.
“I think,” Cas says quietly, looking out the window, “I think we have both been confusing loyalty with living to make someone else happy.”
He turns the engine off. Something has shifted in his chest, like he’s on a precipice, leaning, waiting to either step back or step out–
“The engine?”
Sam looks surprised. When he starts towards Dean, he’s pretty sure he’s gonna get hugged again. Instead, Sam reaches out and flicks him on the forehead.
“No, just…
He parks and makes his way over, hands deep in his pockets.
For a year, Sam has tried to get him to buy an iPhone. Or, “if you don’t want to conform to societal pressure, some other brand, just please join us in this century.” Dean doesn’t want a smartphone. He wants readable maps, not built in GPS-systems that probably tracks him wherever he goes.
(“Dean…”
Dean stirs his coffee.
“For my first-born child.”
"What?" Castiel asked, and his voice was suddenly high-pitched.
And that’s that.
“Sam: how did it go with those leads yesterday, question mark, question mark,” Cas reads, like he’s reciting the phone book, “Dean: got lost, trying again today. Castiel is helping me.”
“I have to go to work,” Cas says, and Dean knows what his voice sounds like in the mornings now, how his eyes barely open and he glares at everything he has to look at.
Dean threw his head back and laughed.
“Maybe I’ll do that when I get home,” he continues. “Finally set it right.”
“What?” Dean says, poised to argue and a list of contingency plans for how he can do this, how he can afford it, ready at the back of his throat.
“I know.”
Dean takes his face into his hands and kisses him again, over and over. He wraps his arm tight around his waist and pulls him close.
He tries to grab the bottle but tips it over. It rolls, empty, under the seat.
Dean puts a shaking hand to his face. “He was so mad.”
”Well.” Dean cleared his throat. ”Of course you do, everyone should, it’s a fucking awesome car. Not everyone does, though. Some people think it’s… you know… out of style. Unreliable. Rude.”
Cas nods.
“No, Dean,” Sam is raising his voice now, “this is ridiculous, it’s bad enough he’s got you under his thumb in Nebraska – don’t say he doesn’t! You shrink about a foot when he comes into the room – now he’s sending you out of the country because some old friend waved cash in his face? I’m gonna call him, I swear to–“
He sits there, hands on the wheel, engine rumbling and exhaust fumes sneaking in through the open window and tickling his nose, and he’s so goddamn lost.
“You didn’t tell me about Katie’s,” Cas says, and hands him an opened beer. There’s a pizza box on the coffee table, and a crime show playing in the background.
“I’ll meet you out front”
Talbot’s driver is wearing a tuxedo. He looks like a butler from a period drama. Dean might think this was just the way British people dressed except people around him are throwing them weird glances, pausing on the way to their cars.
“Hey!” Dean calls, “wake up!”
He glances over, just to check for any sign that Cas is fucking with him. There’s nothing in his face but an open warmth. It does something weird to Dean’s chest. His hand goes up to ruffle Cas’s hair, just to see if he can, but it turns into a weird sort of pat halfway through. The corners of Cas’s mouth twitch up into a wide-eyed smile. He looks fragile and soft and like the most solid thing Dean has ever encountered.
Dean shakes his head. “That is so unpatriotic of you,” he tells Cas, “what have you become.”
“Jess is getting coffee.” Sam said. “The coffee here sucks, but you know that. You’ve been drinking it too. Dean’s lucky, not being allowed to have any.” It was a bad attempt at a joke, and the quirk of Sam’s lip fell quickly into nothing.
“Goodnight,” Dean says. Cas has a hand on the door knob, ready to close the door behind him. He’s having trouble getting his feet to move.
"I tell everyone that my first kiss was Annie Cartman from elementary school–" these were not only secrets, they were very specifically the secrets he would never tell anyone. Why was he standing here, reading them out to a stranger in a
“Me? No. Nope, I’m good.” He pulls out of the parking space a little too quickly.
Cas repeats that very slowly, “you’re lost in Middle Earth.”
“Good. I’ll see when I can get a time, it’s not going to be easy but–”
Except–
“Sure,” Dean says, trying for casual. He pretends Cas doesn’t hold an arm vaguely around his back when he walks in.
“It’s left up there,” Cas says, gesturing towards a crossing.
They drive in silence for a little while, Cas murmuring directions out of Leatherhead and onto the A24.
The centre reminds Dean of Headley Court, though it’s nothing like it. There’s no lawns or gardens, that he can see. But it has the same air of carefully manufactured calm hanging over it.
Walsh looks taken aback. “Guess so, huh? Well, after your dad got his hands on it, I never had a problem again.”
“Does sir have all his luggage?” The driver asks him, voice slow and drawling.
He runs his tongue over his teeth. He doesn’t taste blood. His cheekbone and eye are burning and he blinks, blinks, blinks until he can see again.
“I want to be with you until one of us dies.”
Subject: re: re: re: Home
“That’s gross. Is he still trying to get me to California?”
The guy doesn’t say anything, just turns and starts walking back to the kitchen.
“it’s awesome, she’ll love it”
, he tells himself.
He drives back to the manor, mind racing.
"Yeah, well…" He made a vague gesture with his glass in the general direction of Sam, who seemed to be initiating a conga line.
Dean waited for a beat. "Okay?"
Cas’ eyes flicker to his nearly-faded bruise. “Okay,” he says.
Cas has ear-dogged pages and written little notes in the margins with a neat, cramped hand. It makes Dean feel inescapably fond.
“Anything else.”
“I am making you some soup,” Cas tells him.
“What are those?” Sam asked. He had his mouth full of bagel, and when he gestured little crumbs ended up all over the table. Dean brushed them off with a glare.
Meg meets them at the door, dressed in all leather. She stares Dean up and down. Behind her, a strobe light is gliding across the room, and the place is already full of people. The music spilling out onto the sidewalk is something with a loud, slow base and what sounds like an electric violin.
He screwed his eyes shut and took several deep breaths.
Dean keeps washing his hands for long moments. “How did you get that?”
“I thought it might be.”
, he has a hundred cars, including the
“No,” Dean insists. “I’m talking like all of your feelings aren’t real and you’re just acting them out ’cause you’re supposed to, and really you’re a sociopath who doesn’t actually care about people?” Someone who doesn’t want to feel things. Someone who doesn’t feel real unless something hurts. Someone who doesn’t feel good about taking care of his dad, who can’t be happy for his kid brother being happy and doesn’t know why. Someone who knows, deep down, they’re a bad person, and every day they get away with it is just a day closer to the end.
“Ain’t she a beauty,” she says, eyeing the Impala. “You keep her that clean, people gonna think you don’t drive her.”
“Cas–?”
Dean feels cold, in all the places Cas is no longer touching him.
Another pause. Cas quietly hung his jacket on the rack, toed his shoes off.
“You can… suck it,” Cas mumbles. Dean has to kiss him.
He doesn’t stay at the manor for dinner. Instead, he drives to Cas’ apartment.
In the morning, Talbot finds his feet sticking out from under the car, moving to an imaginary beat. Dean hears him coming, but doesn’t stop working.
There’s muffled voices on the other end, one of them recognisably Cas’, then he’s back, warm and gravel-y and genuine. “I’m off my shift in thirty minutes. I’ll be waiting outside.”
Dean doesn’t unpack. He toes his shoes off, puts his phone to charge, and lies himself, face-down, on the bed.
“I’m glad I married you.”
“I don’t really know how to…” Dean starts, the rest of the words stacking over each other at the back of his throat until nothing can come out.
“Dean? What’s wrong? Are you hurt?” Some small part of his mind knew the milk had burst open and was running across the grass. That could not be good for the wild strawberries.
In the end, the chair covers turned out amber, the flower arrangements ended up 'overshadowing the bridesmaid dresses', the band had ties instead of bow-ties, Dean misplaced the rings (but seriously, only for, like, six minutes. Eight, tops), and Sam had never been happier.
(Later, when they were lying in bed, the world finally cooling off, the moon coming out to bathe the world in soft white shadows, Dean whispered, “You’ll be able to be with me at the hospital. No one could stop you from reaching me.”
Dean is shaking his head. He can’t pinpoint the feeling in his stomach. Stress? Anger?
Cas holds his hand all the way into his apartment, and when Dean starts to turn, starts to say “I should–“ he holds on.
Dean looked so betrayed, “
When Sam asks if Dean wants to come to the hospital, Dean just gets up from the sofa and gets in the Chrysler.
John sounds distracted, “I haven’t heard from you since you left, are you making progress?”
Dean stepped in close. Cas struggled to keep hold of the cups and not put his hands on him. Dean who still knew him, who hadn’t forgotten completely, not this time.
Cas takes the dish and fork out of Dean’s hand and puts them aside. Then moves close slowly, nudging Dean’s knee with his own, placing a hand against the small of his back, as if they’re not standing naked in the kitchen in the middle of the night.
“Dean, love, wait,” Cas grasped his face with both hands, pressed their lips together. Dean relaxed as if his strings had been cut.
"Can I help you?" Dean asked pointedly.
Eames doesn’t talk to him for a week. When Talbot finds out, he actually smacks Dean over the head.
Cas doesn’t say anything. He just watches Dean stand at his door, on his thirty-second hour awake, wearing his dad’s old leather jacket, rain in his hair.
Sam brushes some soil aside and sets it on the table, opening the folder. “Dad signed away his rights to you. For the shop. You can keep it or sell it. Your decision.”
“Maybe I can return it??”
“Really?”
“Meg wants to talk to you. This has been your warning.”
“Were you pushed in a lake?” he asks, mildly.
“Make sure Talbot pays up, or I’ll have sent you there for nothing.” He says something else, muffled, as if he’s covering the receiver with his hand.
“Okay,” he says, “I mean– yeah, that’s fine. I’ll be here.”
“I mean. That’s not… I mean, that’s barely an insult, dude.”
. Please.
“Right, is today the nineteenth?”
"I am fine, you don't need to worry about me." The man looked up at Dean and then quickly away again, his fists were clenched so hard his knuckles were white.
Dean stared at him with wide eyes.
He doesn’t remember calling Sam. He remembers thinking about Sam, remembers aching with the memory of Sam’s tiny hand in his, but not picking his phone up and calling him. Apparently he had.
“Twenty-first. April.”
When he stops shaking, he starts laughing.
Dean’s head is still spinning, but he feels calmer. Like he was drunk but he’s not anymore. His body feels heavier. At some point, he crawled out of his jacket, which lies bunched up beneath his shoulder-blade. He sits up, and drags a hand over his hair and the side of his face, where he can feel clear imprints from the sofa cushion on his skin.
Hey Chaz,
"But I did."
“They were in Uni together,” Cas says, one eye on the television.
Stars shone. Fairy lights dangled from everywhere. Dean’s laughter was throaty and warm and it made Castiel’s heart pound against the inside of his chest. It was insane, they’d never spoken before. He wasn’t even sure… he didn’t know if these last few months had even registered for anyone other than him. Had Dean even looked at him?
“If there’s one thing Brits got right,” Talbot is telling him, mouth full, “it’s breakfast.” As Eames approaches holding a ceramic pot, Talbot leans close to him and mutters, eyes suddenly wide, “don’t say anything about the tea.”
” Sam was horrified.
“Are we going to Wales?” He asks, blinking at Dean.
“But the moments never stopped. You kept happening, and suddenly you weren’t just happening
“Because dad can’t leave the shop for that long.”
“I wish I had real problems,” he tells the car. “Cas has real problems. If I had real problems, all of this might make sense.”
“Hello,” she says, her smile wide, “I’m here to answer any questions that you have. Are you looking for yourself or for a family? This is a perfect starter house for a small family, or for one who just wants the one child. The bedroom down the hall is smaller than the master but perfectly suitable as both a nursery and a bedroom. Do you have children?”
Dean slid further down the bed and pressed their foreheads together.
Talbot is making him do a tune-up on one of his Camaros.
. It doesn’t make you un-thirsty, it doesn’t speed you up or slow you down, doesn’t make women hotter than they are. It has, literally, no purpose.
“No,” he says simply, “I meant what I said.”
“I am so fucking proud of you.”
“What are you talking about, I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend–“
When the rushing in Cas’ ears stopped, Sam was speaking.
Dean glares at him, wishing he was actually annoyed. “Tell him you’re an annoying barista I know who doesn’t know how to respect personal property.”
Ricky gives him an understanding look, “sure thing, Dean.” He rocks on his heels for a second, “I’ve got an alignment to fix, they’re gonna pick the car up at lunch,” he says, but he lingers in the doorway, worrying a pair of car keys in his hands.
“Yes.”
He looked into the stranger's blue eyes.
“Well I
To: Charlie Bradbury
They hang up. Dean goes and sits back down. His coffee isn’t hot anymore.
Sam smiles at him, “that’s good. He’s gonna answer, I’m sure of it.”
“Okay,” Dean mutters.
(He had been on his way back from the restroom when Sam and Jessica stepped out of Dean’s room. Sam was shaking, Jessica was holding his hands so hard their knuckles were white.
“Your father hit you?” Cas asks, eyes lingering on Dean’s cheek.
“And don’t take this the wrong way,” Dean says, picking up a sandwich, “but you grew up weird.”
Sam rolled his eyes, “Brain tumours don’t lower your immune system, you jerk. What are they for?”
He leans against the hood and Cas leans next to him.
The man's jaw tightened and he looked down at his empty hands.
“Well pull me backwards on a horse and call me Nancy! If it isn’t Dean Winchester!”
“I mean I knew Talbot was loaded, but seriously?” He adds, scanning the man up and down: late fifties, long faced, wearing
"It's okay, Dean. I'm here. You're okay."
"Dean!" And that was Sam's voice. Sam was standing in the doorway holding two take-away cups, looking scared and worried and–
“Shit, Joey, don’t apologise. I’m sorry. Just– We’ll miss you.”
“But,” he tries, “you can’t just– I mean, it’s worth–“
“Dean, this is important.”
“You can sleep here. I’ll be home at three, and we can talk then.”
Meg groans, long and loud, “Please spare me,” she says, “It’s in two weeks, here at Taste Buds. If you don’t show up I’ll murder you and put you in my pies.”
“Well, no,” Talbot agrees, “but still. It’s a heated garage, kid.”
Dean looked at Sam, whose jaw was clenched tight and whose sympathetic look left Cas for a moment to glance at him. He looked at the bruise at Castiel's cheek.
“You know, back home,” Dean starts, “I have this little house. It’s basically falling apart, but I always figured I’d fix it up someday. When I had the time, and the money. Make it into a nice place to live.” He turns to look at Cas, who’s already looking at him. He has to turn away again, look away from those eyes. They’re too blue.
In the garage, he hitches the Impala onto the four post lift, and gets to work.
Dean chases him off by threatening to spill coffee on the book.
He swallows around the lump in his throat, takes a deep breath, and tries again.
“He probably gets more in a week than I do in a year. You should see this place.”
”What was your name again?” Dean asked. Which hurt a little.
. Not that I’d expect a Winchester to know anything about it.”
“Hm?”
“It’s a really big job. You remember dad’s old friend, Jimmy Talbot?”
Get a proper car. Bobby will help you.
When he wakes up, Cas is standing on the other side of the coffee table, still wearing the trench coat, holding his keys in his hand. Dean blinks up at him. Before he can wake himself up enough to get a good look of the expression on Cas’ face, it has been schooled into something still and neutral.
“How was I supposed to know he’d take it so personally?” Dean asks, rubbing the back of his head. “I needed coffee. I
“When you fuck up you apologise, you don’t write off your entire personality as a lost cause. You apologise and then you try not to fuck up in the same way again! That’s it, that's literally how life works. Okay?”
They don’t talk on the way back. Cas looks tired, his head lolling slightly against the window when Dean takes turns.
fatigue.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “I know.”
Cas’ hands scrabble uselessly over his shoulders, not getting any grip, but they feel like a gift, every press of his fingers and twinge when a nail gets him make Dean shudder.
“Dude, no,” Dean hurries, “I mean, shit. You don’t have to tell me shit. Not that you can’t tell me shit, I mean.” He puts his face close to his cup, “Nope, no questions.”
Talbot looks at Eames, who nods.
“Mostly coffee beans and water,” Cas tells him.
“Don’t comfort me–” He might have been saying, “don’t comfort me, you’re the one who–”
“It’s okay,” He’s saying, “of course I get it. You’re gonna be an awesome dad, and an awesome husband. I’m real happy for you.”
Sam nodded thoughtfully.
In the middle of the night, they wake up and stumble out of bed. Dean’s legs are shaky and from the way Cas giggles and steadies himself against the dresser, so is his. They go into the kitchen, awkwardly holding on to each other the whole way, the whole goddamn fifteen feet and stand, stark naked by the counter where Cas’ shirt still lies abandoned, eating cold leftover pasta from two nights ago out of the little glass containers Cas has for leftovers instead of plastic tupperware because “plastic is really bad for the environment, Dean.”
“What?” Sam says finally.
“No?”
His husband was scared and reaching for him and he couldn’t move an inch. He couldn’t believe he’d forgotten; forgotten that stars burn. Stars die. The world wasn’t actually shaking, he was just shaking his head.
Dean scoffs, “you gotta do something.”
He sends emails to recent customers offering them free tune ups for return custom.
You built it, of course I’ll stay.)
“Oh,” Talbot says, frowning a little, “well, that’s awkward.”
“Wait, Meg’s a nurse?”
“I’ll be there,” Dean says, and hangs up.
“I want to go with you.”
"Read." He said.
“I really like you,” he says, sounding strangled.
“My name?”
Talbot clutches imaginary pearls, “you grow up so fast.”
Dean leans his elbows on the car roof, and rests his chin on his fist. His stomach is twisted up in nerves, and he’s sweating under his collar, but he could stand here, looking, for a very long time.
"Today is July 15th, 2014." He looked up at the stranger's face, "what the fuck is this?"
He’s still there when Cas comes out of the building and walks slowly towards him. The sun hits him from the side, throwing his shadow far over the grass, and showing traces of auburn in his hair.
He drops Cas off at Taste Buds to do the receipts, and Gabriel is standing by the door to his shop, leering at them.
He finds himself wondering if this is really all it takes: one phone call and then there’s this person here who loves him and takes things off his hands and feeds him. He wonders if that was always all it took.
He stopped halfway up a staircase because he realised he had no idea why he was climbing it. Now, Dean wasn't a lazy person per se but he wasn't going to climb the steep ass stairs to City Hall when he had no reason to. He was pretty sure he didn't have a reason to.
(“Are you gay?”
Sam nods.
At the top of the stairs, he opens the first door on the right. A master bedroom. The roof is slanted, making the window seem like a skylight.
They walk shoulder to shoulder across the parking lot, and take the elevator up to the fourth floor. Cas fumbles with the keys at the door, and has to take a deep breath. His fingers are shaking.
If he’s smiling when he grabs a random set of keys off the wall, it’s nobody’s goddamned business.
“Yes.”
“Okay,” he says.
Talbot corners him over lunch.
“Woah,” Talbot says, “no, no. I’m giving it to you.”
“Ugh,” Dean says, and shoves him, “who raised you.”
He sits in the nearest empty chair and pulls out his phone to text Sam.
“Oh, okay,” Cas says.
“sounds fun. can’t talk now, with Cas”
He also learns that Castiel doesn’t work on Wednesdays. He learns that from the horrible cup of coffee Meg makes him. He can’t be sure if she’d done something to it. Where would she get cat piss? Still, he decides he can do without coffee on Wednesdays.
“Oh.”
“I need you to know…” That he had ever wondered about the softness of this man, that he had ever thought he was anything less than this. Soft, soft, soft, soft. Dean stroked his cheek. He was breathing too quickly.
His phone starts ringing, Cas’ name flashing across the screen. He considers not answering, then he does.
“Dad shouldn’t have just been your mess, okay? I should have done my part.”
Dean laughs right out loud. “Alright, you know what, that does help.” He gets in the car.
“Hey, Cas, could we–“
“Okay,” he says, “let’s go.”
Dean nods absent-mindedly. “I think if I just hadn’t gone, this might not have happened. Any of it. And I know that’s not true. Dad was– dad was on this track and I was kidding myself thinking I could drag him back out when he didn’t want to– but at the same time… When I was here, he would always call before– if it got bad. He would call me.”
“Except us,” Dean says.
Meg fell into the chair next to him, breathless and smirking. She jostled his shoulder a little on her way down but straightened up quickly.
If I don’t answer the phone I’m probably jet lagged.
The show turns out to be fairly enjoyable. Talbot, as it turns out, can be normal if he wants to. He talks about cars and engines more than he talks about Eames, he shakes peoples hands and laughs at their jokes. He even chews some tobacco. Dean feels like congratulating him.
It takes a moment to hear the next thing Cas says over the ringing in his ears.
“It’s okay, I get it,” Dean tells him. He walks back to the Impala.
"You're telling the truth?"
He puts his head back up on the seat, it’s heavy and painful to move.
“I just want you to be happy.”
“How old are you?” He asks.
). "See you around, or something." He gave a mock salute with his none-broken wrist and went to meet the nurse.
“You…” Dean starts. He doesn’t want to do this, doesn’t want to remind Cas of all the ways he still has to get out of this, but he has to. He needs Cas to tell them he gets to have this again. “You live here. And you have Gabriel here, and your job and your friends and your therapy.”
Dean laughs, “alright, yeah, that’d be awesome.”
This is really late because I had to hand in my master's thesis but I've done that now so
"Sam." Dean said. And it was like someone had turned the volume down; his own harsh breaths were only whispers to his ears, he could feel his heart beating in his chest but something was pressing over his head and it was getting hard to focus on Sam and he wasn't getting any oxygen, he could swear he wasn't getting any oxygen–
“Cool,” Dean says, fighting a grin, “Don’t they feed you at home?”
– and kissed him, kissed every inch of skin he could find, wanted to inhale him, fold him tightly inside so he could never leave, pressed his lips hard against Dean’s wedding ring, didn’t realise the wrenching in his chest and the strange strangled noises were sobs until Dean started shushing him gently. He whispered nonsense into Cas’ ear, he said Cas was going to be okay.
“You’re lucky you’re pretty.”
“That’s what they say,” he mutters, side-eyeing the horizon. “When I start, I’m gonna need you out of the car, you know,” he adds, loud enough for Cas.
“It’s been helpful,” Cas filled in, “when I’m not there to help, or when I’m not… useful. They are just facts, in his own handwriting. Helps him orient himself.”
Dean tries to fit this story into what he knows, tries to reconcile this sad story, told in Cas’ low, serious voice, with the guy who keeps trying to sneak hard boiled sweets into his pockets when he’s not looking.
“It’s okay,” he tells Dean, but it isn’t, “you don’t have to explain.” His hand slides down to press against Dean’s chest, and the way Dean’s heart is hammering must be so clear to him.
He’s come to drag Dean away from the Impala again, sitting them both down in the basement and pouring a hefty amount of scotch into Dean’s glass.
His eyes widen, “well, he must be out of his goddamned mind, then.”
Their clothes fall off fast. Dean is tired, from the last few weeks, from the plane ride, from not sleeping, and everywhere he’s aching Cas’ hands find their way, firm and warm. Dean smoothes out Cas’ hair with his hands, stroking it away from his temples, pressing his nose there and breathing Cas in, like sweet coffee.
“Probably a couple. Where we are together until the galaxies turn to fire and the stars crumble to dust. And still after that.”
“Okay,” Dean hears himself say. Then the door is closed and locked, and Dean is sitting on Cas’ couch, waiting.
“I got lost and walked in the rain for two and a half hours,” Dean groans, “but I blame the map.”
Gabriel sits next to him, asks why he looks so down, and Dean wants to smack him.
Subject: re: BRO WTF
She walks over, hands in the pockets of her overalls. Without the loud music, Dean can more clearly tell she’s got a different accent than most people here, not that he could place it. Welsh maybe? Irish? He wouldn’t know how to tell. She’s wearing overalls and a tank top, her hair greasy and pulled back in a ponytail.
He tried to remember forgetting.
Dean looks away. He can’t feel his hands. When he looks down, he realises he is gripping them together so tight his skin is white.
, he tells himself.
Dean surges close and this time Cas is there with him, trying to soften it, trying to make it something like what they’re used to: lingering and sweet. Dean pushed his shirt up and off, which makes Cas hair stand on end. Something tightens in Dean’s belly, and he pushes his finger into Cas’ hair and licks into his mouth, swallows his surprised groan.
–––––
Cas’ stomach dropped.
“Good,” Talbot nods, “It’s all according to schedule then?”
“What else would you call this?” Seething. Seething was a good word. “Refusing to speak to me, acting like any second what we have is going to end, what is that if not rejecting me? Doubting my feelings for you. Am I not sitting here outside of
“Now hold on, you were just saying–“
When he comes back to the restaurant, Cas is making small talk with the teenager, who’s looking up at him with wide, starry eyes.
"Conga line." He said.
“I don’t know, Charlie?” A stab of guilt hits him. Four days now, since her last email. He wonders how angry she is with him.
His wrench lay, in plain sight, among the other tools. Dean scoffed at himself and went back to work.
“But,” Dean says, “you have your internship. You have school.”
“Remember– Remember when we lived in Oregon for a bit? You were nine, I think.” His throat was full of the words he wasn’t saying. “We’d been in the car for weeks–“ because John hadn’t wanted to stop, “and you were really bored and cranky, and you shoved that army man in the ashtray? Remember that? We tried to get it out before he noticed but every time it moved it would scratch the metal–“ Dean stops to breathe.
“When?”
He clicks on it.
Dean swallows his questions. “Okay,” he says. “Okay, this never happened.”
“Yeah,” Dean says again, a little weaker. “This job I just did, should be enough to get us back on track.”
Cas grinned, “that’s not what I said.”
“Jeesh,” Gabriel says, “you’re worse than Cas.”
Cas hands him his phone. The picture is of a diamond ring in a box, below it, Sam has written ’this is good, right? I have no taste!!’
“We should find some colorful flowers that will survive when the vines aren’t blooming. It might get too green otherwise.”
Dean wipes his shoes on the welcome mat, which just says “Welcome!”. The door leads into a short hallway, at the end of which a real estate agent stands speaking to a woman with a toddler on her hip. To the right, he can glimpse an open space: living room, and a staircase in the back. Keeping his elbows in and his eyes downcast, he squeezes by the real estate agent and slinks into the kitchen before her wide, bright eyes can corner him.
Some of those places have been soothed, by Sam’s voice, by the weight he took off of Dean and how ready he was to take it. By the knowledge that his father is sitting somewhere, face to face to what he did to himself, what he did to Dean, and that someone is watching him. That Dean can look away from him, can turn his body in a new direction.
“I love you,” they were the only words he could press into Dean’s skin with his lips. Tiny, insufficient, all he had. “I love you, I love you, I–”)
Subject: re: Hey
“Yes, Dean. I don’t care. I want to do everything with you, I’ll do it twice if you forget.”
“It’s still there,” he says, choking on it, blinking up at the ceiling. “It’s still fucking there.”
Sam blinks at him, “You’re being an idiot and you need some sense knocked into you.”
“No, you’ve been sick sometimes.” Cas walked over, surprised that his knees weren’t creaking and his heels weren’t crushing the floor. He sat next to Dean. He stopped himself from leaning on him. “Most of the time, there’s absolutely nothing wrong with you.”
Dean doesn’t want to hear this.
Sam’s hand lands on his shoulder, warm and strong, “yours is,” he says, in a way that leaves no room for argument.
Dean looks away from him.
“Okay,” Dean says. He can feel himself grinning, “keep your secrets.”
“Yup,” he says. Then he says, “ever feel like you trick people into liking you?” and a part of his brain goes
Strong hands gripped his and pulled them away from the IV. A gruff voice spoke close to his ear:
From two weeks ago, Charlie Bradbury, subject: “have you seen this? priceless”
When he drives away, he catches a glimpse of her heading back into the shed in the rearview mirror.
Cas shook his head quickly. Tried to focus on something else.
Dean goes and gets a bucket from the kitchen, positions John leaning over it, pries his jaw open, and sticks his fingers as far as he can reach down into his throat. He holds John’s head and shoulders still while he vomits, and when he seems to be fading out again, he shakes him.
Dean doesn’t remember any of that. Certainly not a slim volume called
“Jesus,” Dean hisses, “I’m not some fucking prisoner.”
“Yes.”
. No such luck. Sam got engaged to a fire cracker of a woman and then hyperventilated for four months while planning the ceremony, and who did he come to complain to when the chair cover-people sent him saffron instead of mikado yellow? Dean, that's who.
“Who reads the newspaper anymore?” He asks, as Cas turns the page.
John’s eyes open a sliver, bloodshot and hazy, and he groans loud and deep.
Dean closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. “We don’t have to do this,” he says, and starts pouring out the next bottle.
“Morning, Dean,” he says, and sits down.
“You’re shitting me.”
we had decided to meet. Then, he saw Jess’ ring one day and got all loud and chewed me out for not telling him we’d gotten engaged. That was two weeks before the wedding. I– I thought he was joking, that it was a bit or something–” He buried his head in his hands. “I should have realised. I’ve been trying to convince myself it’s nothing but the second you called it all came rushing back. He would never forget you, Cas. Never.” Sam looked up at him. “Something’s wrong.”
“Not right now, obviously,” Sam continues, “it’ll be years before I’m settled in a job, and Eileen is about to be promoted, but you know I’ve always wanted a real–“ He stops, and then hurries on. “A big family.”
Katie’s quiet for a little while. “Yeah, I dunno what that’s called,” she says finally.
Dean doesn’t leave. He gets out of the car and sits on the hood, and waits. He watches two women play a game of catch. One of them has a prosthetic arm. She grins when she throws it far, but frowns down at her arm, gripping the place where flesh becomes plastic, when the throw goes wide.
“You’re going to be there a while, right?”
He nods, “I was three.” Suddenly he’s turned on the bench, looking right at Dean. His eyes calm, a little sad. “Our father valued loyalty. He had our lives planned for us, Michael and Raphael never questioned it. They were good sons. But Gabriel wouldn’t be pushed. He just. Refused.”
“He absolutely is a dick,” Cas agrees.
He puts his phone away and closes the hood again. “I’m happy for him,” he says, and puts the tools back in the car.
“Please,” he says. He doesn’t recognise his own voice.
His eyebrows are scrunched together like they way they are when he’s looking at his writing on the chalkboard at the café and thinks the letters are lopsided even though they could put a ruler to shame.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “that’s my dad.”
“Hey, now–” John starts, but Sam doesn’t let him.
“That woman by the window wants this,” Cas says, and gives him a slice of apple crumble.
A woman in an apron by the register jumps and spills hot water on her hand. She shouts, “ah, bollocks!” and sticks her hand under the tap. There’s only a few customers, sitting in armchairs around small tables. They all turn to stare at him. Dean can feel his face growing warm.
“He’s not suing?” He asks. “He got a helicopter to the back of the head!”
“I was dishonourably discharged,” Cas says, as he’s setting down plates and coffee mugs.
“Sure,” Talbot says, not looking up from his laptop. His foot is still in the cast and put high on a footrest and an extra pillow. “Put it over there, I’ll take a look at it.”
When he opens the door, Gabriel waves at him, “the car’s looking good,” he calls, and irritation rises quick in Dean.
He looks up when something nudges his foot, and Cas is peering intently at him.
Cas just looks at him, waiting.
“I was just gonna ask, do you know much about cars?”
The bark of laughter leaves Dean before he has time to stop it, but Cas is smiling back at him.
Sam nods, a little too quickly, and picks up his phone. Dean sees the notes-app open, and a long list of numbers.
“Breakfast!"
The place smells like coffee and sugar, smells like Cas.
“Yeah, I’m gonna miss you too,” Joey says.
Dean pulled at the sheet constricting his legs to the bed. His heart was pounding in his ears.
“I’ve been selfish for five years,” Sam says without skipping a beat. “Tag, you’re it.”
“Or France, maybe?” Dean says, looking around at the empty hills. “Could I be in France?”
fingers through it –, but he stood very straight and very still, so silent it seemed like he was barely breathing. Calm, collected, in control, boring things like that.
”Please,” he breaths into the mattress, then turns his head and breathes it again into Cas’ mouth. Cas shudders and tucks their foreheads together and Dean can see him squeeze his eyes tightly shut for a second before he says–
Cas brushed a kiss against his lips.
Dean turns off the car. “Okay,” he says, feeling like an idiot.
“What about Cas?” Sam asks, sounding worried.
“Oh god, no, I’d rather be lost,” Dean says in alarm.
ticked him off was that he had to sit those five hours on a hard plastic seat with the only entertainment being a TV playing
“I’m going to ask. Probably. Soon.” Dean said. He wasn’t looking at Cas but rather staring resolutely down at the engine. Cas hadn’t learned much yet, but he was pretty sure what Dean was doing was just loosening and tightening a valve. To no effect whatsoever.
Dean shook his head, “Embarrassed? Never mind, don’t worry about it. Let’s just– make dinner or something. Is it dinner time?”
“Dean?”
”I’m on my way, what’s going on? Is Dean hurt?”
He was standing in the parking lot somehow. Next to a Volvo. Dean would have scoffed at it. “Useless cars,” Cas could still remember his voice. How long would that last? When would he start to forget? Sam was going home to a house filled with life soon. Cas would be going– Except for what was in their suitcases all of Dean’s possessions were in their house. Dean’s house. No, Cas’ house. Because Dean was dead and he left him the house. Cas would be going back to the empty rooms and the wild garden. He could almost feel the grass under his feet. Could see the vines growing, growing out of control, the leaves falling off the trees and the trunks twisting in on themselves, the fruit rotting, the flowers bleeding, the house creaking under a massive weight. The rooms would whisper to him. The floors would ask, where is he?
Dean rolls his eyes and pops the hood.
“I can keep it open myself. By the time we have enough customers to require more hands we might be able to afford it.”
“Dean, I was wondering–”
“Okay,” Talbot says again. “Are you sure–”
“The secret is love,” Cas says.
“I’ll wear a tie if you want me to.”
He squints down at his shoes.
“Yeah, but you don’t wanna kiss Charlie.”
“–You can do anything. You’re smart, and capable, and you have dreams. Don’t tell me you don’t.”
“What?”
Cas’ gaze drifts away, “Exactly,” he mumbles. “You understand.”
“I’m not asking you to pretend.”
“What’s wrong?” Sam asks immediately, “what’s going on? Where are you?”
“Indeed.”
When Dean makes no movement to get into the car, the driver sighs heavily.
It was just an afternoon in Sacramento.
“Oh,” Dean says, and shakes her hand. “How do you know Meg?”
“No, but I work there.”
It’s so goddamn easy to pull him in.
“Well,” Dean said, “cheetahs are magic too. Go to sleep.”
For a moment, Cas does nothing, then he reaches up and rests his hand on top of Dean’s, holding it tight for a long moment.
“What?”
Dean is nervous.
“Neither do I.”
"Did I hit you?" He asked.
… “I love you.”
Whatever Sam said, it made Dean pick up a book from the coffee table and throw it as hard as he could against the wall. It made Cas flinch. Then he spoke in hushed tones, as if he knew someone could hear him. As if he hadn’t just thrown Cas’ copy of Egalia’s Daughters across the room. “Yes. Sam. Exactly. I
He is twenty-eight when John calls him out from under the belly of a Porsche and tells him there’s a car that needs fixing, when he realises it’s this car.
Dean loses his breath. If there were any doubts in him – and there were, there were so many he thought there was nothing real beneath them, that he was made up of them and if they disappeared there wouldn’t be enough left of him to make him a person – they fall away in this moment. The last time he showed up at this door, unexpected, he had been a man made of missing pieces, scared to death there was no substance to him – scared that he was all lack.
“Can I do anything?” Dean asks, and Cas smiles at him, worn and tired.
From: Dean Winchester
“I’m hanging up now,” Dean warns.
“I know, but that shouldn’t have been the trade-off. I don’t get to just take from you. You deserved better.”
I’m back home again now. With my own laptop and everything. Call me if you’re free one night? I’d like to talk. I can’t come to Boston. There’s a lot at the garage. Maybe for thanksgiving?
Then he has to drive him to work, because otherwise it will be Dean’s fault that he’s late.
"Every few days you… forget, and I have to be here to explain. When the nurses try, you attack them." Sam answered, and if Dean wasn't mistaken, there was a shade of disapproval hidden in the worry.
“Dad tells me you’re fixing up a car over at the manor?” She says, “A sixties Chevy right? I’m a Mustang girl, myself.”
“Uh,” he says, “none?”
"You forgot me. And I tried to comfort you. I wasn't thinking, I tried to kiss you and– well, you reacted reasonably. Under the circumstances."
“I can’t talk, right now, I’m going through security.”
“Winchester and Son, yes? I was in the States a couple of years ago, completely busted my suspension in the middle of nowhere, completely out of American money… Your dad really stepped up.”
He didn't know why he was in this room. He felt fine, he
“I feel like a kindergartener,” Dean muttered. “Hey, let’s start the day with some writing exercises! Everybody, write ten facts about yourselves on these colorful cards, then we can go around the room and talk about our favourite teddy bears!”
He texts John to let him know he’s back and will be coming into work in the morning. There’s no response, but he doesn’t care much. The taxi drops him off outside of his little house is Scottsbluff, which looks sad and dark. The yard is completely overgrown, his post-box hangs off its hinges.
“I think so, yeah,” his voice is shaky and excited, and suddenly Dean can’t see anything but a fourteen year old skinny kid wringing his hands, nervous about going to a school dance. “I mean, we’ve talked about it, maybe moving further north, and we both want kids, so–“
“That’s awesome, Dean!” Sam’s grin is loud through the phone, “what’s it like, driving her?”
"You did. Two weeks later."
Dean wants Cas to write his own name. To leave marks on his skin that can never go away. He wants this bed and this man, and Dean’s fingers fit so well right there in the groove below Cas’ hipbone, he fits fits fits right here–
When he checks his phone, there’s a text waiting for him.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and goes home.
Dean can’t get enough. Can’t get enough of him. Wants to fold himself down and make himself small and have Cas cover him completely. Wants to disappear.
Dean laughs, and laughs, and laughs. He pushes the hair out of Cas’ face, lays his hands on him, talks to him until he is smiling.
“You started it–”
“I wanna visit Sam more.”
Dean turns to look at him.
“Nope,” Gabriel says, “You know nothing. I didn’t tell you anything. That piece of shit, he said he talked to you– nope, we are not ruining his progress over this. You’re gonna go back to knowing nothing, and we’re gonna pretend this conversation never happened.”
“I can’t read when you’re staring,” he whines.
He pushes his fingers into the back of his neck as hard as he can. Then he drives away.
“I want to bring you literally everywhere I go.”
Cas looks over, expectantly.
“You gonna walk me to the door?” Gabriel asks, leering at him.
“Can’t you paint around me?” Cas lifts himself up by the back of the driver seat to look at him through the windshield. “I’m comfortable.”
Dean turns to Eames, who’s refilling his tea for him. “Why does he do that?” He asks. Eames doesn’t answer, but his left eyebrow looks amused.
,” he hisses, glancing down at his coffee-stained jeans. Cas calmly takes the travel mug out of his hand and gives him a napkin. “He’s in law school for crying out loud, can he stop acting like a high schooler?”
“No,” Cas said, “Nothing’s wrong,” He kissed him, because he couldn’t not. “I am here because I– I missed you. Thought I would drop by and… is that okay?”
“Dean??”
The ball dropped, people paired off to kiss, cheer, ran outside to watch the fireworks across the night sky.
“Meg took my shift.”
Sam crossed the room in two long strides, put the coffees on the bed-side table and then he clasped Dean's shoulders in his hands. The other man abruptly let go of him.
“Yes, except us.”
“Cool,” he says. “Do I take a left here?”
He can hear Gabriel laugh in the background.
Dean wants to slam his head against the steering wheel.
”Cas?” He says, letting every thrust rock him against the bed, just taking it, just welcoming it.
Dean’s eyes were very, very green.
Something is shining in Cas’ eyes, something like wonder.
Cas frowns down at himself, “does it bother you?”
“I want to make you happy.”
Cas nods, “of course.”
Before Dean can ask, he has been poured a cup of tea. When he opens his mouth to ask for coffee, Talbot shakes his head, violently, so he shuts his mouth and drinks it.
“How is it going?” Cas asks.
Irritation gathers between his shoulder blades.
She bursts out laughing, and Dean feels stupid. “Bring him! I love that guy, when he goes–” she tucks her chin in and pushes her eyebrows together, adopting a low, gravely tone, “I don’t understand that reference.”
Sam makes hot cocoa again. They sit, quiet, on the sofa together, listening to the house creak, to a car pass, to a neighbour mowing their lawn. Dean’s staring at a crack in the wall he’s been wanting to fix. He wonders when next he’ll have money to renovate, when next he’ll have time to.
No one answers the door. It’s only 10am, it’s not unusual. Dean just unlocks it and goes inside.
He doesn’t answer. He’s not sure he was supposed to hear.
They held each as tight as they could. Cas kissed the top of Dean’s head.
Cas nodded.
Cas directs him out of Leatherhead and onto the M3, where Dean lets the ’66 Ford Mustang stretch its legs. It isn’t the original engine, but Dean doesn’t mind much, glancing at the speedometer. Talbot hasn’t bothered to fix the radio, though.
From: Charlie Bradbury
He looked away and awkwardly scratched his neck, “well, I guess that explains why I came to my senses so suddenly,” he was noticing the bags on the ground and Cas knew that tightness of his shoulders, “and shit, you were just getting groceries weren’t you? And I full on frontal assaulted you. That’s not cool.” He bent and started shoving vegetables back into the plastic bag. Cas tried to imagine the confusion he must have been feeling, the stress of again and again having to face the very real consequences of that tiny little fault folded into his brain.
“You should never apologise to me.”
“Yeah, sure, but you don’t really need me anymore, do you?”
The side of the driver’s mouth pulls down slightly. “Eames, sir.”
“I want to write more.”
“We get all sorts around here,” the guy says, “even shouty mechanics.” Dean looks down at himself, noting the fresh oil stains and his dirty fingernails. “We don’t have a dress code,” the guy adds, and walks away.
“She knows it’s August, right?” Dean asks Cas, holding the ladder steady as Cas affixes fake cobwebs to the ceiling. Dean is mostly speaking so that he won’t stare as Cas’ ass.
There are long, long moments where time passes strangely, slow like molasses. Where they’re pressed against each other, skin sweaty and warm, hands still clutching a little too tight, faces still tilted together. A little later, Dean can’t tell when, at a point where the air starts to feel cold again, Cas moves slowly away from him and Dean’s not ashamed of the way his hand clings tight around his bicep, but Cas only pulls the covers over them.
“Hey,” Dean complains. For an older guy, he is surprisingly strong.
, Winchester. It’s called
“You take it or I will make your life a living hell.”
“Do you want me to–“ Dean starts, but Cas waves him away.
“What is that?” Dean asks. He’s potting his new plants at the kitchen table, but stops to wash his hands when Sam looms in the doorway.
"Dean?"
He started and almost spilled his champagne. The previously empty spot of wall next to him was suddenly occupied by a guy roughly Dean's age, with dark hair and blue eyes. Dean vaguely recalled seeing him during various wedding-party relates crises over the last few months. He had mostly looked terrified by the whole ordeal, and, well, Dean could relate to that.
She’s starting to look like herself again. She has none of her old polish, shine and power. She’s not a roaring engine. No miles are being turned to dust under her wheels, but Dean can see the shape of her now, coming together.
fine, a bit of a headache maybe but he'd just been blinded, it was only reasonable. He shouldn't be here. He had fallen asleep in his own bed, in his own room, he was
“Son of a bitch, babe, you scared the hell out of me. When did you get here?”
“Oh,” Dean says. “Okay. Uh. Good.”
Dean nodded for several long moments. “Okay.” He said.
Cas swears again, stutters, and Dean grins. It feels black and sick.
“Okay,” he manages to say. Then he runs out, of things to say and things to do. All the moments leading up to this one has caught up with him. They want to gather at his back and tell him they were right,
“Okay,” he says finally, “it’s gonna take a while.”
Castiel gave a small smile and a nod. He didn't stop looking concerned.
“What?” Cas narrows his eyes at him.
“Please, do I look like a college graduate to you?”
He opens his eyes again when the car turns onto gravel. They’re making their way down an avenue lined with trees, at the end of which sits a massive, sprawling manor. It’s huge, ivy-covered grey stone and massive windows reflecting the dark sky. When they pass through the ornate steel gates and slowly turn around the circular driveway leading up to the front steps, he wonders if he’s ever seen anything like it outside of films. What the hell is he doing here? He doesn’t fit in to a place like this, he doesn’t even watch the kinds of films that take place in places like this. He certainly never watched Pride and Prejudice late one TV one night because he was drunk and a little sad and couldn’t find the remote.
Castiel tried to find his voice. ”What… what would you like to do instead?”
At Taste Buds, Cas hovers around him on the pretence of refills, really leaning over his shoulder while he reads the last couple of chapters of Jailbird.
” Sam’s voice. He turned, their eyes met. The second it took for Sam to fill his lungs and speak again, was the worst moment of Cas’ life. “He’s awake.”
“Fuck you,” Dean says, and starts laughing. She punches him in the shoulder, which makes him laugh harder.
Too loud voice: “Do you love me?”
Okay.
“You go ahead, Dean,” Cas says, nodding at him.
Cas moved into him. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s bare back, pushed gently until they fell back on the mattress, kissed his shoulder, pulled the covers over them. He tangled their legs together. There was close enough, and there was too far away. This was almost close enough.
"Hey, Jimmy, that you? Great, I've been working for a while now and this is definitely do-able but you don't have half the parts I'm going to need here. Unless you have another storage somewhere? In any case I'm going to have to toss about 50 percent of the engine, and there is no way in hell I'm using anything but original parts, which I'm willing to bet you don't have lying around. Do you have some contacts in the area I could–“
“What?” Dean says, turning back to him.
Except, doesn’t he know Cas better than that? Isn’t Cas the person who made room for Dean in his embrace, no questions asked? Isn’t Cas the man who seemed ready for all the ugly bits of him, all the broken and betrayed little corners he sometimes thinks he’s all made up of?
“What?” Dean asks. He doesn’t even sound annoyed, just tired.
“I’m just saying,” Dean tries again, “she might not have invited anyone else, and it’s a ruse to make us drop out guard.”
"No–"
“I really like you too,” Cas tells him, and the way his voice wavers makes Dean want to cry.
Dean nods, “morning.”
Ricky nods, clears his throat, and heads into the garage.
He wakes up to several texts from Sam. He showers first, shaves, gets dressed. In the mirror, he looks tan and worried and old. He avoids his own eyes.
, he was worried Cas didn’t already know. He had been holding on to the words for a long time. It was clear in his voice. Cas knew it was written all over his face too, even though he couldn’t see in the dark. He was close to sleep when Dean moved. The sheets rustled quietly and Dean’s fingers hesitatingly stroked his hairline. Cas didn’t move. This was not an uncommon occurrence. Sleep was easy for Dean. He could hide behind it.
There’s more voices on the other end of the line, Castiel talking to someone, Gabriel cutting in.
"Read them out to me." The stranger insisted.
His eyes open when Dean parks, but he doesn’t get out right away.
, “it’s against the law to text while driving.”
Dean carefully picks up his fork, not wanting to make a lot of noise, not wanting to scare this away, whatever it is.
Today, he’s the only customer. He has been watching an old lady through the window, slowly making her way down the street with a walker. A bird flies down and sits in front of her on the sidewalk, then flies away again. The old lady keeps walking.
“Are you alright, Dean?” He asks as he settles in to the car and hands Dean a travel mug.
Dean presses the phone close to his ear, “you too, kid.”
Gabriel's eyes widen. “Oh shit. Oh shit, you didn’t know.”
Dean leans over and opens the passenger door for him. Cas throws him a quick smile, not quite meeting his eyes.
Dean sits up. “What do you mean?”
Dean, I can’t–
"sitting in a coffee shop. happy now?”
Then Cas is stepping aside, making room for him to pass through the doorway, and he steps through in a daze. He toes out of his shoes and follows Cas’ outstretched arm to the couch, where he sits, jacket bunched up around his shoulders and cold and wet against his neck and ears.
“No, Cas, I’ll drive you. It’s not a problem.”
He looks up when Cas drapes a blanket over his shoulders and gently steers him towards the kitchen door.
” Talbot says, sneaking a glance over his shoulder, “and I definitely wouldn’t
“Go, go away, you’ll just distract me.”
Sighing, Dean puts his tools down. On the tray is a french press, plunger already down and a cup poured, steam rising gently off the surface. He drinks it leaning against the bench. It’s nothing like Cas’, but it’s coffee, and he gets the message.
The summer has been hard on the house. The green paint on the walls is peeling off in places. As the taxi drives off, he lifts the postbox up and tries to hook it back on its nails. One of them is bent. Dropping his duffel-bag on the stoop, he heads around the corner to his tool-shed, stepping over his overgrown raspberry bushes on the way.
"Dean?"
“What was that about?” Gabriel asks.
“Meg, please don’t swear,” he says. His voice is low and gruff and definitely, decidedly, American. The woman glares at him.
A small smile tugs at Sam’s face. “You’re not gonna?”
Inside, the floor is covered in newspapers, magazines and envelopes. The door pushes them up against the wall, bending the papers. He picks them up and stands in his tiny kitchen, throwing away ads and expired grocery store coupons. All of his house plants are dead.
“Hm,” Dean threw a leg over him, “I’m pretty sure I was straight until season three of Dr. Sexy.”
He’s already out the door.
This was a good beginning.
“Sam, come on–“
He doesn’t quite dare finish the sentence, or the thought, but Cas pushes his leg between Dean’s knees and leans his forehead against Dean’s. “I was running when I came here,” he says. “I have been running for a long time. I think can come home, with you.”
Dean spends two hours on the phone with the bank, insisting that money is coming in any day now, it’s just overseas transfers that are a bit complicated, but if they could just give him another week–
Cas grabbed the other bag, ignored the milk on his fingers, and followed Dean into the house.
“I hate you,” Dean says, “happy birthday.” He hands over the gift, and Meg moves aside to let them in, still glaring at Dean.
Cas could only just make out the sound of Sam’s voice, but not what he was saying.
Cas leaned forward, almost conspiratorially, and put on a posh accent, “’It’s not quite what I had in mind.’ Can you believe it?”
Dean lifts his head to argue, lets go of the sheets to push those fingers back into him, but Cas is shifting, pushing Dean’s knee further up along the mattress, and fumbling with the lube, dropping it twice before Dean’s hand is there, steadying it and helping him and it spills over but he can’t find it in him to goddamn care because Cas is hard and wet against his thigh, then right up against him, then Cas is curling both arms alongside Dean’s, grabbing both his hands in his own, lying heavy on Dean’s back, and pushing pushing pushing in.
Gabriel unbuckles himself, “you’re a rotten date, I bet you don’t treat Castiel this way.”
“Just keep kissing me.”)
“Kids?” Dean interrupts.
“But– what are you typing?”
“I might– well, I might ask Eileen to marry me.”
“You’re sick. You are not to blame. When you know me, you love me. I know that.”
“I don’t know,” Dean said. “I guess not. Dad opened the auto shop when I was seventeen, and by then I already knew everything he had to teach me, so. Kind of just made sense.”
Sam puts his fork down, “that’s not the same as not real.”
When they eat, Sam starts asking questions. He wants to know more about what Talbot is like now, what it was like living in a manor. He wants to know if it really does rain as much as they say. Then he asks about Cas.
He flipped to the next card, "Today, I'm getting married to Castiel Novak, who has dark hair, blue eyes, a ridiculous trench coat, and who is the most awesome person I've ever met." he stuttered and looked up. Castiel Novak looked steadily back at him.
To: Dean Winchester
"You too." Dean raised a hand. That was one attractive man in one terrible car. He shook his head and turned back to the Mustang.
Subject: re: re: Home
Dean signs the papers at the hospital, and puts his own address down for billing. He doesn’t go with Sam into John’s room. Instead, he goes back out to the car and sits behind the wheel, plays snake on his phone, and waits.
”There is no beer.”
“He wants to know if this is a date.”
Gabriel smacks a hand to his forehead, “Fucking hell, that closed off piece of–“
“But–“ Dean starts.
John gets in the back-seat, not saying a word, and Sam sits next to Dean.
, you know.”
), looking slightly concerned. He had his hands in his trouser pockets and the material stretched tight over his crotch.
“Right.”
“With a lot of cash,” she says, then, “you should come have a look at it! I live just over the hill there,” she gestures vaguely behind her, “come over and tinker with it, anytime, I’ll buy the beer.”
Dean rubs his neck. “Well, I was actually wondering if you wanted to– See, the car, the Impala, it’s sort of…”
you’re in pain.  It doesn’t give you the right to push me away–
“I heard.”
“When are you gonna look at it?”
“But it didn’t make sense,” Cas continues, “it didn’t make sense that you would leave like that. I know what we were, promises or not.”
“James Talbot,” Dean says, almost as if he’s ensuring himself. “Blink twice if you need me to get you out of here.”
Dean takes a big sip, “what are you talking about?”
He’s not even angry.
Dean scoffs, “Ford Fairmount, I remember. Crappy car, no wonder it broke.”
Cas goes to Sam’s house. The door opens before he can knock and Sam looks scared. He invites Cas in without saying anything. Sits him down on the couch, presses coffee into his hands, collapses in the armchair across the little table, without saying anything. Then he sighs, heavily.
He opens his messages with Cas on his phone, scrolling back slowly. There’s very little of substance there, except it’s all substance, all references to meeting places, negotiations of times: the sort of messages shared between people who didn’t have to worry about distance or time or expectations.
“I’ll be there,” he says, trying to sound casual. “Give me a signal and I’ll cause a commotion, then get you out of there.”
“Listen, Sammy,” he said, “what do you hear?”
“You were fixing cars when you were nine.
“Hell yes,” she says, getting out of the lawn chair, and stubbing her cigarette, “65.”
Gabriel’s eyes are tracking him suspiciously, and Cas has turned around in his chair, looking after him with so much concern.
“Home,” Dean says, just to hear it again.
Cas makes no move. Dean can’t tell anything from the look on his face. “We never promised each other anything.” Cas says.
That makes something uncomfortable swoop through his stomach. “He said that?”
Dean was silent. The loudest silence of Cas’ life.
Dean carefully looked away, but leaned closer. “I want to plant a tree. Maybe apple.”
Dean scowls at him, but that delirium in his chest is turning into something warm and fragile.
It wasn't like he'd blinked and ended up here. It was like he'd put something down for a second and it had disappeared while he could still feel the ghost of it's presence on his palm.
To: Dean Winchester
“No, no I’m not working,” Cas says, sounding distracted.
“Well, Eileen and I had a chat about it and we think this might be a good opportunity for you.”
“Absolutely not. They thought I was going to be an actual doctor. They are immensely disappointed I will not be performing any open heart surgeries in the cafeteria.”
“I know,” Dean says, and tries to smile at him. “I appreciate it, Ricky, I really do.”
“Dunno,” he says, not opening his eyes.
The front door opens, and the strangeness of the situation is not helped by the strangeness of the man who steps out.
“That’s not going to happen.”
“I’m serious! You don’t. Look at your life for a second. You raised me for like fifteen years, you took care of dad for over twenty years, following him around the country making sure he didn’t end up dead in a ditch somewhere. You work at the same place you have since high school and you have the same friends you made when you were fourteen. You commit like crazy. You can’t
“Do you remember me?” His voice is slurring a little, so he presses his eyes tight together and tries again. “You haven’t seen me in a while. I used to sleep right here.” He would ball up a couple t-shirts under his head as a pillow, and put his jacket over his legs, because Sam needed the blanket more. “Sam’s getting married, can you believe it? Of course you can’t, he was thirteen last time you saw him. And, you know, you’re a car.”
“Jesus,” he breathes.
It doesn’t matter, then, that Dean is making this up as he goes, that there isn’t actually any part of Dean that knows how to comfort or hold someone. If he can fake it well enough for this, for the slow release of breath between Cas’ lips, that’s alright.
“Not all day.”
“I don’t want a wedding.”
When they’ve eaten, Cas sends him to sit on the couch, and does the dishes. Dean cradles his mug of lukewarm coffee and lets his eyes travel across the backs of the books, across the few photographs in frames, the little trinkets Cas has gathered around him.
“Coffee, Eames. Black liquid. Makes your brain go fast? Tastes like dirt but in a good way?”
From: Dean Winchester
“No rain until Tuesday,” Cas calls to him.
Dean hasn’t planned this very well. He lands at five am and balks at the price the taxi driver gives him. For a moment, he considers calling Talbot. Then he considers calling Katie. Both options seem terrible, and it’s five am, so he gets in the cab and tells himself he’ll have a job soon. He has a marketable skill.
“It’s Talbot’s butler,” he explains, and pulls out onto the road “he’s a pain in my ass. He’d been force feeding me the stuff for five days when I lost it and went looking for coffee.”
“If sir will follow me?” Eames drawls, looking pointedly at where Dean has dug into the dirt under the gravel with his foot.
Dean can feel himself frowning, “yeah…” he says. “Two months, at least.”
“Will do, dad.”
Dean dropped his book with a yell. He spun around so quickly he almost fell off the couch and said something like “What the– son of a– fu– shit– what the hell–”.
There was movement on the other end of the line.
Dean hasn’t cried many times in his life, and that he can remember he hasn’t done it sober. He’s not going to now either. There’s no reason to. But he grips the roof of the Impala with both hands and bows his head, clenching his jaw shut and swallowing, swallowing, swallowing. He doesn’t cry, but he wishes that he never came here, that he was home where things make sense.
Dean feels mean for wanting to laugh, so he doesn’t. When Castiel walks back to the kitchen, Dean lets his eyes linger just for a second. It’s a decent view.
Cas shushes him. His fingers are pumping steadily faster, faster but stay so fucking gentle. So fucking kind. Then he presses them in deep and twists his hand a little and Dean
The floor swayed under him. He desperately tried to blink away frightened tears.
What might have been a blush was hidden under a sunburn.
“Who do I have to sell my soul to for a cup of coffee?” He asks, a bit loudly.
The man didn't look particularly injured, but there was something familiar about the way he sat, still as a statue, hands clasped primly on his lap, and he'd definitely seen those eyes somewhere before.
When Dean was fourteen, he drove Sam to school for the first time. Sam had still been short back then, still the ’little’ part of little brother, and had let Dean ruffle his hair before he left the car to go to friends he would have to remake and classes he would have to retake another hundred times, before Dean drove on to find something, anything, that could earn him some money.
He takes the stairs, can’t stand to wait for the elevator.
He winces.
Dean logs onto his email again, and stares at the neat little row of unread emails. He clicks on “new email” and types in the email address of a Steven Hardy from Andover who’s recently been active on a forum about American muscle cars.
Dean is not British. He is
”Wait, wait, wait,” Dean laughed. He was pressing a hand against the center of Cas’ chest which was doing all sorts of things that made it difficult for him to remember what they had been talking about. ”You’re telling me you haven’t watched
Dean nods. Cas’ hair looks worse than it did hours ago, standing up in all directions, and his shoulders are tense and concave. He looks haggard, and upset.
Maybe it’s the jet lag, the lack of sleep, the pain pounding across his cheekbone. Maybe it’s cause he’s still hungover from yesterday’s whiskey. Maybe he’s just fucking sad.
Dean stopped laughing, twitched an eyebrow at him in question.
“Guess so,” Dean says, taking the beer.
“I’m really in love with him. Stupidly in love with him. And I miss him. I wish I’d never come back so I could still be with him. But I also wish I’d never gone there and we’d never have met.”
“I thought sir might like a cup of tea,” he said, sounding more stilted than drawling.
Then time slows down. He’s rushing around inside his body, searching for a cause of this physical reaction, this fear-like delirium, but every mile passes like it’s being peeled away. Every beat of the window wipers drags on. Every second it takes for his fingers to grab onto the strap of his bag. Every step he takes across the dark, wet pavement of the parking lot.
“So I have an old phone, that’s so not the same thing as–“
“Yes,” Dean nods, “that’s the one, exactly, that.”
“Perfect, I’ll see if Ricky can drop by. Can you text me the time they’ll get there?”
”What?”
Cas nods, solemnly. “Good luck,” he says, and walks away.
. Best case scenario Dean lays himself out on the ground and Cas walks all over him. Worst case scenario Dean has to hurt him.
“I know I had no right–“
Sam sighs, “What did you do?”
"Dean. Dean, relax. It's okay, I'm here. I'm right here. You're okay."
From: Charlie Bradbury
Sam starts laughing.
He leaves, and drives home, heart pounding hard in his chest.
“Hey,” he says, his voice cracking a little.
“Often taken with cream and sugar? At this point preferably injected straight into my veins?”
“Dad sent you, you didn’t leave him,” Sam says.
“Cas,” Dean’s voice was strangled, but his fingertips were pressing into Cas’ scalp and he was stroking Cas’ elbow with his other hand, “You’re going to be okay, because you have to be. You have to be okay for me–”
, has he–?”
He tugs Cas’ belt open. His fingers are shaking. He doesn’t want to see that. Instead, he pushes his face against Cas’ crotch, mouthing at the fabric and exhaling roughly.
They don’t see John on their way out.
“Gabriel’s shop gets deliveries on alternate Tuesdays.”
Cas’ favourite cereal was in the kitchen. He had a toothbrush in the bathroom upstairs. He slept here, he kept work clothes here, Dean was trying to make him do laundry, weren’t they already both living here? In all the ways that counted, this was home. He could bring it up. He could just… ask.
Cas gives him one of those wide, soft smiles, and Dean has to look away, quickly. “I have to work now,” he tells him. Dean nods, and sits, and watches him move behind the counter, speak to morning customers, and, every now and then, glance over at Dean with that same, soft smile on his face.
“Uh, no,” Dean said, “I got caught in the rain.”
It’s a mild question, but he doesn’t look at Dean.
Cas leans over and kisses Dean goodbye.
“Don’t tell me you don’t.” Something else is in his voice now, something small. There’s no background clatter anymore, just Sam’s voice on the other end, “I’m the one you whispered them to when you couldn’t sleep at night.”
“I told him not to die.” Sam said.
“Okay,” Dean says quickly. “It was fine. What did Meg do?”
. Fucking– Joey, the asshole, he just quit on me.”
“You’re still my big brother.”
“Oh,” Cas says, hands stilling.
Vacuum server, done.
He looked 'round. There weren't many people in the ER. Some teenagers who seemed up to no good, a kid that seemed about eight, looking miserable and tired next to an equally miserable and tired father, two young women, of which one had her foot on a bundled up jacket on an empty seat, arguing heatedly over one of the magazines, and, sitting right next to Dean, a man in a purple button down, black slacks and carefully styled hair, looking worriedly at Dean's swollen wrist.
“I’m so tired.”
To: Charlie Bradbury
Cas buckles himself in, and his hands are shaking a little. “Good. I’m good. Thank you for asking.” His voice is stilted and flat. Then, as if remembering he’s meant to ask: “How are you?”
I want tonight is to be in a conga line. You’re my hero.”
“Tea doesn’t cut it for me, Eames. It’s too healthy. I’ve been drinking it for a week and I’m feeling all,” he waves his wrench in a haphazard manner in front of his chest, “I don’t know, clean? You gotta help me out.”
Dean clears the table, then clears three more. He drops a cup in the kitchen, and doesn’t have time to sweep it up, so he shoves the pieces aside with his shoes and tells Meg when they pass in the door to not step on them please.
He glanced out across the Canyon. The sun was resting on the creeks and crevices and the other end was so unfathomable far away it might as well have been resting on the surface of the sun. It was an infinity encased in rock.
“Do you think you will want children?”
“I think he’s dead.”
Cas moves closer, presses their shoulders together, the bare skin of their arms lined up and pressed close.
“Make friends!”
Cas nods.
The gate finally comes into view. The only empty spot to sit is next to a family of four. He switches his phone to the other ear and shoves his duffel bag under the seat with his foot.
, and he looks pleased when Dean breaks, gets coffee in his nose, when he laughs. As if making someone laugh is a good thing, even when it’s not intentional.
“Don’t you need to see my license or something?”
“At least,” Dean says, “if I work day and night I could do it in six weeks but… Talbot has some pretty amazing cars and he said I got free range to drive them whenever I want, so. It’ll take the time it takes.”
They would wonder where he’d gone. They might miss him.
Cas nods. He kisses Dean, a slow, easy press of lips. “Let’s go to bed.”
Dean wants to stand, wants to walk over to Cas and embrace him and assure him, but he doesn’t move. Cas isn’t done yet.
“This is England,” Cas says, “no one sues here, we have universal healthcare.”
The world was sun-warm and green, Dean’s fingers were rough and dirty, his eyes crinkled at the corners.
“Your brother is in law school?” Cas asks.
Talbot side-eyes him, “John told me Sam was off at law school in California.”
Talbot calls him.
When they stop, Dean asks, “what about when dad apologises?” and Sam sighs.
“Aren’t you too old to work in a café?” One of them shoots back, and he gives them the finger when he walks away.
At the end, by the four post car lift, sits the Impala.
“That’s insane,” Sam says, “where does dad get off sending you halfway across the world to fix a car for some rich old friend–“
Dean thinks he will shake apart, that he will fall into pieces because how could he contain all the things growing, bubbling up inside him. It comes out as a smile, he can feel it break across his face and hear the relieved laugh falling out of his mouth. He can’t look away from Cas’ face. He couldn’t, not for anything.
“No,” Cas says. His tone is even, his voice rough. “What happened to your eye?”
coffee. Don’t tell me you never sneak off for a cup every once in a while.”
(“Let’s go inside,” Jessica was saying to Sam, although Cas could not hear them.
Dean doesn’t have an answer, so he says nothing. His chest hurts, and his throat is dry. He must not have had enough water today.
Cas eyes roam over his face, rapidly. His cheeks are flushed pink, and he’s swaying on his feet, his back bumping into the edge of the kitchen counter. Dean moves his hands so that they’re in between that sharp edge and all of Cas’ warm, soft skin.
“How’s the car? Talbot helping yet?”
”I really like… your car.”
Cas pouts, but gets out of the car and closes the door behind him.
“Uh,” Dean clears his throat. “Working with Talbot.”
Dean shrugs, “that goes a long way. Can’t tell you how much canned soup I’ve had in my life. It’s a nightmare.”
“Did I wake you up?” Dean says. It’s the first thing he can think of. The hair of Cas’ head is flat on one side. There are circles under his eyes and he’s wearing a long sleeved t-shirt that’s old and stretched out and falling off of one shoulder.
Dean’s mouth twitched into a smile. ”Yeah?”
“Could you?”
Dean leans back in the chair. “How bad– Again, you know I wouldn’t have asked if–“
“Hey, Sam.”
Dean sits down.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry–”
Between the seats, a compartment opens to reveal several whiskey glasses, a bottle on ice, and a bowl of peanuts.
” The smile dropped as quickly as the stone lodged in his stomach. He let go of the bags and grabbed at Dean because Dean was right there suddenly, frantic hands shaking against his neck and waist.
“Dean,” he says, and his voice breaks Dean’s heart. Then he’s being pulled back in, he’s being kissed, and kissed, and kissed, and then it’s over. Cas’ hands are gone. He turns away, and leans against the car again.
Dean goes quiet. He looks at the rows upon rows of alcohol lining the shelves. He wants to grab a bottle. He wants to grab five. John would have loved it here.
Dean stares at him.
“I should have let myself die in the wilderness,” Dean says.
“I’m not mad at you,” Dean insists, still not turning around.
Subject: re: re: A favor
He looks up one day and realises that if he got in the Impala and turned the ignition she would start.
Cas pushes at Dean’s leg, changes the angle just a little, leans closer and brushes their lips together and Dean’s coming. He takes Cas as close as he will go, presses their lips together, runs his hands helplessly over Cas’ back, damp with sweat, says his name– knows he says it again and again and again. Murmurs it and grips at his shoulders and waist and hips until Cas is gasping against him and grinding close, close and shuddering in Dean’s arms and for a moment there, wrapped up in each other, lips pressed together clumsily, earnestly, Dean feels tethered to something. He feels like he’s landing.
“So,” he says, arms crossed across his chest, “all this money you’ve given me, what’s that about.”
Dean taps his fingers on the steering wheel.
“Dean–”
He presses a plastic tray to Dean’s chest, then turns back to the still-growing line, already taking orders.
Cas nods. “Okay,” he says. “Thank you for telling me.”
“He hit me,” Dean says, and he sounds surprised. It’s starting to get hard to hear what Sam’s saying, but that’s okay. Dean just lets the worry and the concern in his brother’s voice wash over him, and he closes his eyes for a moment, just so he can sit in it.
"Alright, we can fix that, bring her 'round and Jimmy will sign you in at the front desk."
“Yeah,” Meg says, “but what’s your excuse?”
“Four.”
Cas sounds grumpy when he answers, and Dean doesn’t fight the smile taking over his face.
Dean glances at the screen. “Yeah,” he says, “I know.”
Sam shakes his head at him in a way that telegraphs disappointment. “You were admitting you did a shitty thing, and then you went on a spiel about how that makes you a shitty person, as if that’s how that works.”
Cas sits up, slides his hand up Dean’s arm and holds his shoulder tight.
“I don’t know, I feel like I’m losing it. Talbot flew me out here but it’s like he doesn’t want me to work on the car? He keeps dragging me to events and refuses to pitch in with getting parts or contacting leads– He’s weird, his butler is weird, and, I don’t know, Cas is…” He trails off, pushing at a loose bolt with his wrench, just to hear it rattle.
That night, he crawls into the backseat of the Impala and huddles up there. He lies, staring at the worn upholstery, covered in a layer of dust; the roof, no longer smoke-blackened. He lifts his head just enough to drink his whiskey without spilling everywhere. He drinks until he feels nauseous, then he closes his eyes.
Castiel was a widower. He pressed his lips against his ring, pushing so hard he could feel metal cutting into his teeth. No time at all. Not even time for a tan line to appear on either side of it. A young ring, a young marriage. In the grand scheme of things not even the length of a blink, an inconsequential dot in the map of the universe, their marriage was. And yet, and yet, and yet. He wasn’t crying. He couldn’t remember how. There was just that terrible pressure on his ribs, his lungs sucking in and pushing out oxygen, again and again when all it did was push on his organs and aching ribs and keep him alive, allow his body to keep working, the cogs to keep spinning, whilst Dean was still, he wasn’t supposed to ever be still and Cas wasn’t supposed to ever be a widower–
but it’s too late the words are already out and he doesn’t really care.
Anger flashes across Sam’s face, “I don’t really give a shit what he likes right now. He’s gonna do it.”
Cas stumbles over his own feet, hands fumbling at Dean’s shirt. Dean kisses him, and kisses him, and kisses him, insistent like he hasn’t been before, something painful lodged high in his throat.
“Where are we going?”
Castiel had very, very blue eyes.
Cas wipes his mouth with a napkin. It’s barely more than a hole-in-the-wall, but there’s high seats along the windows, and they sit facing a park in the late afternoon light. It’s finally stopped raining, and the sun shines on the wet grass, where a girl is playing fetch with a small dog.
He can feel Sam staring at the side of his face, but just hands Mr. Taylor his card.
“How do you feel?”
“What do you mean?” Sam asks, voice small and unsure.
“Yeah,” she shrugs, “probably.” She steps back from the car, “see ya, Winchester.”
”Yes. I need your help.”
Dean pushes the heels of his hands into his eyes until he can breathe again.
“I’ve been sick the entire time you’ve known me.”
Cas is frowning with concentration, “it’s themed,” he says.
Ricky’s in his late thirties, with long hair and a neat beard and a nice, pleasant smile.
Gabriel laughs.
Dean grins, “yeah. Now.”
“I can–“ Cas starts, and Dean’s neck grows hot.
“I don’t think he meant to,” Dean says, and wonders why he’s defending him. Habit, maybe. “He’s in rehab now. And he gave me the auto shop. I’m selling it,” he says, unaware of exactly when he made that decision, but insistent that Cas knows about all of it. “I don’t want it.”
His phone rings, and he answers it without looking, shouldering a stool out of his way so he can reach across to the break lines, “It’s Dean,” he says, putting his phone between his shoulder and his ear.
“I love you.”
“He left when he was fifteen.”
“What?”
Subject: re: re: speaking of
“It’s fine, it’s just paperwork. When dad gets out again, we–“ Dean runs out of words. “I can ask Charlie for help with marketing stuff, she knows people. I can get back into the good graces of the community. I can make it work.”
Dean pokes at his hip with his toe, “call me crazy, but you don’t seem to be as wildly invested in this topic as I am.”
No sense of urgency sets in, even when Cas rolls them over on their sides and hitches Dean’s leg high over his hip, or when he slicks his fingers up and opens Dean with steady movements. Dean gasps, and shivers, and presses their lips together. He can’t believe the wonder in Cas’ eyes, can’t believe the love there – but it’s there, and undeniable, it’s spoken and shared.
A noise leaves him, something ragged and breathless, and Cas pushes his face close to Dean’s neck, kissing the skin beneath his jaw, and Dean is staring into blue, blue sky, with Cas’ hands gripping his arms tight, and Cas’ lips against his throat.
“Dean,” Talbot admonishes, though he looks positively proud.
“Seriously, dude, what do you put in this?” Dean asks, “it’s the best coffee I’ve ever had.”
“I need to get some things from home,” John says.
Dean shrugged and looked away, sipping his champagne. He made it look so effortless. The buttons on his suit jacket were undone, and his tie was a little crooked as he leaned his elbows on the railing, glass hanging dangerously from his fingers. Except not dangerously. Castiel trusted those fingers more than he trusted this balcony to stay fused to the building. And he didn’t even
“But do you know what happens then? You remember. And you love me so fiercely I wonder at it.”
on their own but when you put them together in the right way they make that noise, and they make the car move. You see, Sammy? Like we're moving right now? Really really fast, right? You can't run this fast, but an engine can, because of all those little parts that do nothing. Isn't that magic, Sam?”
“You have to be out of college by now, then, what did you study?”
He drives to Cas’ apartment.
Then, after too long, Cas says, “I have to go to work.”
Cas couldn’t think. Not past the soft lips against his and the rough stubble scratching his chin. Not past the way his own hand has pressed against Dean’s heart, and could feel it beating so hard. Pressure he hadn’t realised was there, in his chest like a bubble fit to burst, released. His strings were cut. And with everything he had he let himself fall. Dean made a noise in the back of his throat and Cas gripped him as tight as he could.
Cas lifts his hand, strokes his fingers across Dean’s forehead and into his hair. It’s so gentle, too gentle. It makes Dean shudder and ache, makes him feel turned inside out. He doesn’t need gentle, he has no use for gentle. He doesn’t deserve gentle.
They do, indeed, have everything. Talbot leads him along, hobbling happily, through the massive entrance hall with a shining chandelier, into a restaurant-level kitchen, through a wooden door and down a staircase into what is very obviously a wine cellar. Except it’s not so much a wine cellar as it is a jungle of booze.
“Do you think that was too harsh?” Dean asks.
He tried to remember hospital rooms. He tried to remember doctors, tests, diagnoses, tears, anger, denial, acceptance. He tried to remember 2012, and 2013, but in the places where those years should be – places that should be filled with cars and family and drinks and laughter and, apparently, a man named Castiel – there was simply empty space. Empty space that pushed against his temples and stretched and contracted and twisted and hurt and tried to find
“Cas…” Dean started shaking his head.
"I accidentally tore his favorite comic book when he was eight. He'd been saving for it for a month. I hid it and never told him." He glanced up at the stranger, who nodded encouragingly again.
When his breath evens out, and his fingers and his palms, soft and warm, find Dean’s cheeks, Dean is pressing kisses into his hip bone, teeth catching against the skin. Dean is embarrassed that his eyes are burning, and at that feeling, still: a colosseum spanning his chest cavity.
“No. No, he would never hurt me. But when it happens… the confusion scares him. He doesn’t trust people. He can’t work anymore.”
“Who?”
Cas nods seriously.
“He’s getting married,” he slurs, head tipping over the edge of the seat, “and having babies, and doing better than me.” He can’t reach the bottle. “When did he grow up? I should have known, right, when he went to Stamford. I should have expected this.”
He lies on top of the covers, hands at his sides.
Dean tucks his face into Cas’ stomach. He doesn’t know what to do with the look on Cas’ face.
“It’s very small,” Cas comments.
Dean regrets this, regrets making a big deal. “Don’t worry about it.”
He doesn’t stop for breakfast, though Eames is plating his usual spread in the dining hall, and Talbot looks expectantly at him. Instead, he grabs a waffle like a sandwich and mutters that he has a lot of work to do.
“I want to help you.”
To: Dean Winchester
It turns out sitting in a café for two hours gets boring very quickly.
A man comes out of a swinging door behind the counter, wiping his hands on a towel, looking calm but like he hasn’t slept well lately.
Castiel smiled, then he chuckled a little, and then he went very still and quiet.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and tells her what a hell it had been, trying to replace some of the valves. He tries not to curse out Talbot too much. “Things take forever to ship here. It would have been faster to fly over and get them myself.”
“It’s not just one shitty thing–“
Dean sits there until lunch, and Cas brings two quiches, and sits with him, and eats with him. Something big and strange and scary is ballooning in Dean’s chest.
He watches his own hand reach out, watches his fingers linger gently on Cas’ shoulder, then his neck. He watches Cas watch him do it.
Cas narrows his eyes.
“Yeah?”
Before he really even makes the decision, he’s pulling up Castiel’s number and listening to the dial tone go once, twice–
He drops by Taste Buds an hour before closing, and hangs around bothering Cas while he’s trying to close. Something makes him want to poke at him, prod at him and bug him until he rolls his eyes, until he swats Dean’s hand away from the cake display and tells him to go sit on his hands.
“That’s not how this works, Sam,” Dean gets up and goes into the kitchen, “I can’t just abandon ship. It’s my shit to deal with.” He takes a beer out of the fridge and opens it, steps back into the living room.
, I’m just… wondering. If I asked, what would you say?”
?” His fingers were twitching in the air.
“How much– never mind,” he shakes his head, “that’s not important.”
“Yeah, but it’s gonna be cooler when I have grey hair and a cane.”
On Dean’s left, a small child with massive plastic sunglasses is trying to get his attention.
“Now, please go call your boyfriend.”
“That’s true. He looks like our mother. I have two more brothers, and a sister. They’re all in America with our father. We don’t talk. My mother died when I was very young.”
“I love you,” he tells Cas, insistent. He’s shaking, or Cas is, or they both are.
“Okay,” Talbot says, and picks a chair for himself by the poker table. “Okay,” he says again. “I’m gonna pay John, the price we agreed on over the phone. The money on your account is for you.”
He moves close, crowding Cas bodily back into the apartment, hands coming up to cradle his jaw. He kicks the door shut behind him blindly and presses his lips to Cas’. His fingers are pressing against Cas’ cheeks, his thumbs on his chin, pulling him in, pushing him back.
Cas is back, pulling at his shoulder, urging him onto his back. Dean isn’t sure what Cas sees in his face, but it makes him stroke Dean’s cheek, it makes him whisper things into his ear, things Dean can’t hear or doesn’t understand or doesn’t want but which land over him in layers. Cas grips Dean’s thigh and pushes his legs up and then pushes pushes pushes back in. Dean’s back arches without his permission, a moan falls into the air and he can’t say whose it is. Cas puts his thumb on Dean’s chin, tilts his head until they’re looking right at each other, and then he pulls back out and thrusts back in, solid, even hard.
forget what he looked like when I couldn’t– I hurt him
“For about an hour.”
“Ah,” Dean says, glaring at his map. “Well, I’m not a fan, how do I get out?”
Dean pulls him close to his chest and breathes, lets the aches and pains settle in his body again, welcoming them as proof that he got here, that Cas welcomed him home.
Dean tries to pay for dinner, but the teenager working the register gets wide eyed at the sight of Dean’s scratched up American Express card, and stammers that “we don’t take that, sir.”
Sam laughs, loud and high, “I’m not gonna do it
Dean stands up, and moves away before he answers.
To: Charlie Bradbury
“Thanks for coming with me today,” he says, outside Cas apartment building.
He doesn’t talk much on the way back to the manor. Talbot doesn’t seem to notice. He chatters away as usual without much input from Dean. And if Talbot, once or twice, throws the son of his old friend a worried look, Dean doesn’t notice.
Dean leans his hands on the edge of the sink and ducks his head.
"Now, I see you drive a Fiat. There's not a god in any religion who can predict what might go wrong with that car, what's your trouble?"
The next time he looks up, Eames is hovering close by, holding a tray.
“She’s my best girl,” Talbot tells him. “A bit temperamental, but what’s a car without some surprising elements?”
Don’t you get it?” Dean collapsed on the couch. He buried his face in his hand. “I can’t break his heart anymore, Sam. I can’t do it.”
“50 percent,” Dean nodded too.
Like ghosts, hands brushed his arms and wrapped around him from behind and he stopped as if he could lean into them. As if they were anything more than memory. As if it would ever again be anything more than memory. He pressed his eyes shut and tried to feel it. Stubble, warmth, pressure, shaking laugh, bursting sunlight. There was nothing. Just his trenchcoat resting lightly on his shoulders, a little wind on his neck. It was just an afternoon in Sacramento.
Cas doesn’t get out of the car. “Thank you for sharing it with me,” he says, and Dean hates it. He turns his head away and presses his eyes shut.
Dean doesn’t answer.
Dean sighs, “the thing you do where you judge me really hard for my life choices and it helps me get my head out of my ass.”
Sam chuckles, “I don’t know, he was always a little strange, we never got a single one of his jokes.”
“You’re wildly attractive.” He could hear how his voice had dropped a few octaves. Even if he hadn’t heard it, he’d be able to tell from the darkening of Dean’s eyes, and the way his hand clenched suddenly.
“Cool, let’s go before she confiscates your private parts for insurance.”
–––––
“What the fuck, Talbot? Do you have any fucking idea how much money that is?”
He follows the signs towards Leatherhead. The Chrysler’s gear shift sticks in two places, which Dean makes a note to fix at some point. He doesn’t notice he’s driving on the wrong side of the road until he meets a Honda driving the other way. He swears loudly to himself, waving apologetically out the window. Sam would kill him if he were here.
“There you are,” he says, “you left the garage door open, we thought you’d been kidnapped.”
When Cas goes back to work, there’s a high flush peeking out of his collar and painting his cheeks. Deal spills coffee on himself. Every time he looks up, Cas is smiling at him, hair standing up in the back and eyes shining.
“I was not trained for this!” He yells back, then Cas puts another tray in his hand, loaded with full cups, and pushes him towards a group of teenagers taking up two tables.
Dean pushes some more eggs onto his fork. “Good?”
He ignored the prickling at the corners of his eyes. Stared at the curve of Dean’s cheekbone turned away from him. He tried to imagine something soft would meet him soon, “I know it’s hard–”
Dean feels a little light-headed. “I think I need a drink,” he mutters.
They meet at the counter, and Dean doesn’t know what to say, doesn’t know what to do. Cas is just smiling at him, eyes crinkled up and hands resting gently on the edge of the counter.
It’s a small apartment, but the back of the couch is towards the front door, so Dean doesn’t see John right away. The whole place smells like old sweat and vomit. He cracks open a window behind the television. John is lying on his stomach on the couch. Dean moves several empty bottles off the coffee table and puts the bills down so he can shake his dad awake.
“What? Oh. We already did that, didn’t we?”
“Can you wear what you’re wearing now?”
house? Have I not mentioned that I’m in love with you?”
It’s proof, he tells himself, that it was just him. It’s proof that whatever he was in those people’s lives, they don’t mind him gone. If they had they would have called to yell at him, to curse at him. People who care don’t let themselves be treated like that. If Cas missed him he would– He thinks about the way Cas had smiled at him, that day at the lake when he’d told Dean all those things about guilt and forgiveness. For some reason he’d picked Dean to say all those things to, and Dean had picked him to say all sorts of things back. It was easier to say things when Cas was there, but he has no idea how to pick up the phone.
The next morning he walks into the kitchen where Eames and Talbot are bickering, and says:
"I was born on January 24th, 1979 to Mary and John Winchester."
“Cool! Don’t get midsomer murdered!”
“... Yes. I thought you might like some.”
Dean doesn’t sit.
“Well,” Cas sounds nervous. Dean sits up a little, leaning on his elbow.
“Yes, that’s true,” Cas agrees.
“I want to make out with you.”
Cas smiled, “I’m not sure that’s how it works.”
Dean doesn’t answer. He slides his leg fully in between Cas’, his arms around his waist, and lays himself carefully, gently, across Cas’ body. He lays himself to rest there, in such a welcoming place. He hopes Cas can tell what he means. He hopes Cas knows.
Dean blinked.
“Talbot’s got a ’66,” Dean says, “decent cars.”
”Yes, yes, yes–”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, “But I’d rather have a place like this than a manor.”
“I know Andover,” Cas says, looking somewhere over Dean’s left shoulder. “I might be able to help.”
“Okay,” he mumbles, and wraps his arms tight around Dean’s torso.
Gabriel waves a hand, “please,” is all he says. He pays the taxi driver, then hands Dean an ice-coffee. “Cas made me make this for you.”
Dean bit him lightly. “Oh, and you’re down with the kids are you?”
He’s spent a lot of time looking at the shapes of Cas’ face, the shadow of stubble, the serious turn of his mouth, the hint of a dimple in his chin. Yet it’s such a different thing, touching him. Dean touches his nose to Cas’ cheekbone, just for a second, just to feel him there, and then they’re kissing. Cas hand is on his hip, and Dean is pressing the tips of his fingers into the back of Cas’ neck, that soft, vulnerable spot, and their lips come together once, twice – Cas is turning into him, seamlessly, and before Dean knows it, he’s not leaning against the car anymore, he’s standing, pressed against Castiel, holding on to him, and Cas is pressing right back.
"It's okay." Cas answered, "You always remember again."
Fuel injection, done.
There’s an adjacent garage and a big driveway. A couple stands inspecting the hedges along the edge of the property and closer to the street a man has stopped, phone held out with straight elbows, to take a picture of the For Rent-sign stood in the grass. The front door is wide open. Next to it, a handwritten sign says “Open House” in big, loopy letters.
“Our 30-day program,” he’s saying, locking his fingers together on the top of his desk, “is 11,000 dollars.”
“It’s a forties build, which I just love–“
“Of course I’m coming there,” Sam says, sounding surprised, “Eileen booked the ticket for me like half an hour ago.”
are you at the airport right now?” Sam asks, voice tinny and sharp.
“Come to England–” he mutters to himself, pulling hard at the gas valve, “fix the Impala, it’ll only take a couple of months–“ he rummages through the tools, Talbot doesn’t keep any of his shit in order, “we need a specialist in American muscle cars–“ he throws a screwdriver and a bolt gun over his shoulder, “oh, and while you’re here, why don’t you fix up the rest of my cars too? That’s a brilliant idea, won’t drag out the process at all.”
While he signed the papers, he remembered being in love.
–––––
“I actually. I need to ask you a favour.”
Talbot smiles, “I figured. Thanks for the tune-up on the Benz, been meaning to do that.”
“Dude, I’m twenty-eight.”
Dean lowers his beer, “for real?” he asks, and she nods like she’s trying to be casual about it, but her eyes are shining. “That’s awesome though, how the hell did you get your hands on that?”
“I understand if it’s short notice, I just thought–“
“Yeah, I guess. Look, Talbot sent someone to pick me up, I should–“
Cas’ hands are tight around his arms and Dean’s hands land at Cas’ cheeks but don’t stay there, they move into his hair and across his neck and along his jaw. Dean can’t stop smiling, can’t believe this, the amount of forgiveness available in front of him, the amount of care that seems never-ending, that he almost believes he deserves.
, I was thinking after I take the bar, maybe–“
“So you and my brother, huh?” Gabriel says, when the sun starts so sink closer to the horizon, casting purple light across the towns and fields.
He leans back for a moment. Cas’ eyes are full of concern. Dean considers stopping. He considers stepping back. The precipice surges close to his feet and he feels dizzy with it.
“Thank you, for today,” Cas tells him.
original parts.
“Hey, what the hell?”
“So, your name, where did you get that?”
Cas doesn’t see him until he’s halfway to the door, tying an apron around his waist. He looks up and stops, blinking at Dean through the glass door. Dean waves weakly.
“Why would you need to get on a– Dean, I really need more information here.”
“Right.” He closes the driver’s door carefully behind him, and runs his fingers over the dash, the gear shift, the steering wheel. “Right,” he says again.
"Look in your left pocket. You will find fifteen cue-cards with your own handwriting on them, read them. Out loud."
Cas still says nothing.
Creaking hinges of the right rear door, done.
–––––
is what you said.”
“I’m not trying to–“ Sam says, “I know I nag. I just want you to do something for yourself. Try things. Enjoy things.”
“When can it be scheduled?”
When the last of the cobwebs are up, Cas takes Dean’s hand and leads him into the storage room, where he presses Dean up against a shelf of baking supplies and kisses him until he can’t breathe.
Dean looks up, and Cas’ right hand is covering his mouth, his eyes fixed on Dean’s face. Dean reaches up and pulls Cas’ hand down, tangles their fingers together. Then he opens Cas’ pants the rest of the way and yanks them down firmly.
In the early afternoon, she sneaks him out through a back door of the barn and around the back of the pig-pen, shushing him when he tries to ask where they’re going. She sits down on the ground, leaning her back against a fence-pole, and pulls him down to sit next to him.
“I don’t see why not,” Talbot says, making it sound like a question.
“No,” Dean agrees, and hopes it’s not a rejection, not yet, not before he’s said his piece. “But I should have. Promised you things. I don’t know– obviously, I don’t know what this was… to you. But, to me.” His voice is disappearing, and Cas is just looking at him. There are walls there that Dean doesn’t remember, can’t remember seeing there before.
As they stood before the official-person-who-gets-to-marry-people in a simple room with a desk and a window facing a brick wall – Sam at Dean's shoulder, grinning like a fool – Dean remembered many things. He remembered laughing so hard and feeling so giddy he stepped in front of a cyclist, fell and broke his wrist. He remembered endless days of sneaking behind the garage and making out like horny teenagers with muffled moans and roaming hands and hot, hot skin. He remembered arguing over whether or not buying organic products really saved the world and giving up.
"Sam, you look– why am I–" He grabbed his brother's neck with one hand and his fingers got caught in the hair there, and that felt a little better, he could breathe now, since when did Sam have so much
“Yeah. Still after that.”)
“What’s funny?” Cas asks, he’s grumpy after sex too, not just in the mornings.
Or maybe it’s Cas, speaking so close, it’s hard to tell–
He hurries past the people in the hallway and out the open door, heart hammering in his chest. He doesn’t stop until he’s sitting in the Impala, hands on the wheel, hysteria rising in his throat.
“Obviously there’s a lot to do. Basically at this point she’s got gas and breaks, and the steering wheel works. Hopefully.”
“Okay. I’ll see you then.”
“What the fuck?” Dean says, too tired for this, “did you kill Cas? Is this a ransom call?”
“I will never…” Cas said, swallowing over the lump in his throat. “I will never understand, quite what you’re going through. I can’t imagine. Not being able to trust the people around you, trust your own mind… But this isn’t only happening to you.”
Dean nods. “Cool.” He raps his knuckles in a little pattern on the top of the counter. Then he goes and sits down, wishing he’d done something, touched Cas’ hand, or said something, anything, just to know, just to get anything through the tension layering his skin.
“I hate you, I’m hanging up now.”
“Nope,” Talbot says loudly.
. It was okay though, he'd already bribed one of the caterers to set aside some beer for him in the fridge, he'd go get it once he finished this awful glass of champagne. Why any drink should be held in a glass he could easily crush in one hand was beyond him. But, of course, it was
From: Charlie Bradbury
“John Winchester’s boy, you haven’t changed a bit.” Talbot pulls back to look at him, “It’s good to see you, kid.”
Dean stumbles a little. “No,” he says, wondering what it is he’s feeling, this nervous, heavy heartbeat, the way his eyes can only seem to focus on a little bit of the world at a time. “No, you’re– It’s fine, you can tell me stuff.”
“Good point,” Dean says, and starts back in on the suspension. “Why did you steal his phone then?”
“Do you have questions about it?” Cas asks.
“Dean we literally just had sex.”
“What? Come on, you didn’t hire me to turn her into some half-assed piece of–“
A nurse leads John away, and Dean doesn’t look at him, doesn’t say anything to him. He doesn’t know what he would say, and he doesn’t want to hear what John has to say. A man in a dress shirt and carefully combed hair leads Sam and Dean into his office.
“If you wanted to talk to me about it–”
because of my advice, you actually listen to me, and you’ve been doing all the brave things and I’ve just been… It’s not fair to you, any of this.”
He doesn’t want to have to call Talbot. He calls Cas.
"Uh, thanks, I'm fine."
“No, we have to,” Sam says, and he’s crying now, and Sam crying always makes Dean cry and he
“I always thought he was such a dick,” Dean says, before he can stop himself. He looks at Cas, alarmed, but Cas is smiling.
“Why?” she asks, “I’m twenty-two.”
Cas smiles at him, “not yet, she has another semester to go. Why do you think she’s working at the café? She has to pay tuition.”
Dean files that away for later.
Cas ducked his head and tried not to grin too much. “You don’t care about the structures of ancient languages.”
The sky is an azure blue, the sun beating down on him, the Mustang, and his map. The new exhaust manifold is lying in the back-seat, and Dean is lost. He must have taken a wrong turn somewhere, but nothing on any road signs matches anything he can find on the map. He’s sweaty, he’s thirsty, and he’s pretty sure the signs aren’t in English.
Cas just nods. “Where were you going, in the rain, for two and a half hours?”
“You’re a disaster, Winchester,” she yells after him.
“I thought this couldn’t be real,” he’s saying, and they are just holding on to each other as tight as they can, “I thought there was no way we could have this.”
“No one is out in this weather,” Cas responds.
Ricky comes in and closes the door behind him. “Didn’t know you were back today,” he says, “I would have been in early and made coffee or something.”
He stops and blinks, his own handiwork staring innocently back at him.
Dean pats him awkwardly on the back.
He watches Cas walk between the kitchen and the bedroom, passing in front of him, wearing pyjamas, and then jeans and a button down, and then socks and shoes, and then a long, beige trench coat that looks too big and threatens to swallow him.
“To be honest, there’s nothing but.”
“You don’t have to stay in Nebraska–“
Talbot groans, and starts digging around in his pockets. He hands Dean a shiny, black credit card. “Here,” he says, “get anything you need.”
As the driver takes them away from the airport and on to the M25, Dean pours himself a glass, grabs a handful of peanuts, and leans close to the window. He’s never been outside the US before, that he knows. He thinks he remembers one time in the middle of the night, Sam asleep in the back seat, John swearing and seething because they’d accidentally driven across the border into Canada. He’d been wanting to keep going, but kept his mouth shut, pressing his nose to the glass to stare at the passing trees which had absolutely nothing special about them except for being someplace
“Yeah, he’s actually an old family friend,” Dean says, not realising his mistake.
"Dean, you–" Sam started, but Cas cut him off.
Dean shakes his head, “I need a drink.”
“Wait, Dean–“
“Your welcome mat is stupid,” he tells him, through chattering teeth.
–––––
Dean didn’t usually love public displays of affection. He had no trouble sneaking off to have sex in a broom closet during a wedding, sure, and had more than once grabbed Cas’ ass in public. Affection, on the other hand, was doled out in private. A kiss on the cheek, twining their fingers together, resting his head on Cas’ shoulder; these were the things Cas had learned to treasure above all else.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “I’ll keep trying.”
“plans after work?”
“Yes.”
,” he says again. “If I had the words, I would use them–”
“We’ll go straight to Gering, Dean,” Sam says, voice carefully casual.
Dean shakes his head. “Man, what did bars ever do to you?”
Cas shook his head.
“I’m a shitty person, who does shitty things to the people he loves, and fucks up even when he tries not to.”
A couple of minutes went by, every second of which Dean was painfully, awkwardly aware of, then Castiel said: "it was a nice wedding."
“I think once I get the gear-box right that rattling sound will stop,” he’s telling Cas, who’s watching him work, intently. “Could be the cooling-system, too, but that’s fine too. I can fix that.”
Meg starts decorating Taste Buds. Castiel hangs a sign in the window, reading “temporary decorations for a rented event” and, in a smaller hand, “we are not practising satanism”. The tables get covered in black fabric, the jars of loose leaf tea and landscape paintings replaced by skulls and crystal snakes, and wall hangings with strange symbols on them.
“In or out, but that door is closing.”
, he was holding two cups of coffee, he wasn’t even wearing shoes it would look– what would Dean think?
“Hi,” Sam said and sat down next to him. “I thought you could use the company,” they sat. He looked ragged, worn down, hollow. He was scared too. “That was a lie. I want company.”
He gets out of the car and opens the garage door. Then he gets back in, puts his arm over the back of the empty passenger sear, and backs out onto the gravel. He doesn’t close the garage door behind him.
"No, Sam, what the hell–"
“When you kissed me, and I said I wasn’t sure, that I thought we were making a mistake, it’s because it seemed like we had stumbled onto something. It seemed like the summer, and the moments, and the part of me that thinks I am not like other people and therefore cannot have what other people get to have, it seemed like all those things were conspiring against me, wrapping this emotion up and presenting it to me and that one day I would look up and realise I’d convinced myself of something that had no substance.
Dean sits up, “yeah, he’s gonna change the fucking world, that kid. He got this girl too, Eileen, she’s incredible, and they’re absolutely gone for each other. Sam’s great, but that’s not the Winchester blood, believe me.”
“After what we’ve been through, after
A slow roll of worry is gathering in Dean’s stomach. “I’m gonna have to go back to the States,” he says, “I have to sell the shop, and I have a house there, and I think I should see dad again.”
At the manor, they switch cars, and Dean drives him home.
Dean scoffs, “you hate me.”
Through a surge of emotion, Dean grabs Cas’ hand where it lies on the table.
“Yes, please.”
Dean flashed him a startled grin. His eyes were shining. “You said ‘make out’.”
“Okay,” Dean says, finally, resting his hands in his lap where he can see them, keep them still.
“Yeah?”
“You don’t have to be,” Cas says.
“What’s the last thing you said to him?”
”It sounds like whiskey tastes.”
“Yeah, that’s a good point. Speaking of, we should send flowers to Jessica, for the promotion? She likes lilacs. And something yellow.”
“Eyes on the road, Dean.”
“Yes. You do. I can’t deny it.”
He’s sitting on the hood of the car, playing snake on his phone, when Gabriel shows up in a taxi.
: “i have friends”
As they drive, Cas tells him about working at Taste Buds, about customers with strange requests, and how Meg keeps scaring away tourists but the regulars have gotten used to her. He tells Dean about himself.
“Hello, Dean.”
An older woman Dean has seen before comes in, and gives him an odd look as she orders a coffee to go. He smiles politely at her, hoping he doesn’t look like a drug addict with his blood-shot eyes. When she leaves, Cas comes over and hands him a very large cup of coffee, then stands by his table, frowning down at him.
, it was a stupid fucking fight–” Dean was speaking as quickly as he could, hurriedly stroking the side of Cas’ neck with his thumb. “I didn’t even mean any of it. It’s just– Sam was pissing me off this morning, I was on edge, shouldn’t have taken it out on you–”
Castiel, so,” Dean mutters.
”Yes,” he says, turning his face into the mattress. Pressing his forehead down, trying to breathe. Trying to hold his ribs together. Carefully, he starts rolling his hips. Slow, circular motions. ”I’m great,” he says, moving a little quicker. Cas hand spasms in his hair, his hips jerk a little and he groans deep in his chest. ”Come on, Cas,” Dean murmurs. He moves his free hand down and back, grips Cas’ hip tightly, and
“There she is,” he says, trying to look confident. He wishes he’d put the tools away before he’d left. He pushes some boxes away with his foot, which scrape loudly across the floor, and takes a rag off of the roof. “Not so shiny yet, without the enamel,” he mutters. He wipes a little dust off the hood.
Dean’s house smelled of coffee, wood, leather. Perhaps it would one day smell of books too. Perhaps one day Cas would cram his many volumes into the rickety bookcases in the living room. Perhaps he could have a study. The guest room was barely used, Dean had said. They could paint it. His desk would fit. They could buy more shelves, they could put fairy lights in the garden.
He dials, and the signal goes out. Once, twice, a third time.
“Okay,” he says, “warming up to the limo.”
while the nurses were pulling off their gloves and shaking their heads in pity and turning their minds to the next patient, the next loved one. The doctor would turn off the machine. (
He’s getting frowned at now. “Yes…” The man says, almost as a question.
Sam waves his hands at him, trying to talk through the laughter, “no, no, that’s not–“ he calms himself down, “Dean, you don’t have commitment issues.”
“That’s okay,” Dean says, “is John coming in today?”
“I want to teach you to make apple pie, because I don’t want to die.”
She scrunches her nose up, “would’ve been cool to get to you know better, I’m a bit sad you’re leaving to be honest.”
“I’ll wire you back the money you’ve paid me, and if you want more, I can look into that. I have savings, I–“
To: Charlie Bradbury
“Whatever you say, sir,” Eames responds, still pouring tea.
There is too much nervous energy in him, and as soon as they’re inside Cas’ apartment, he’s trailing after him, pushing himself up against Cas’ back, searching with his fingertips for all the places Cas might be ticklish. He wants to annoy him, he wants to make him frustrated, wants him to tell Dean to back the fuck off.
"You're in California. At Mercy General Hospital in Sacramento. You've been here for three weeks."
Sam didn’t answer. Cas would have looked at him but he was caught staring at a thin, wispy cloud hovering close to the horizon. He wished it was night. Or at least raining, storming, savagely wrecking.
“I don’t know,” Cas says. “I don’t–“
Old. He looked older.
“I know,” Dean says, “it’s ridiculous.” He parks in front of the garage. “Want a tour?”
“Hm,” Katie says, “like imposter syndrome?”
“Then I’m glad I was there to rescue you,” Cas says, smiling at him.
She side-eyes him and takes a deep drag. “Twenty-two, why?”
"I am Castiel." He stretched out a hand.
issues.”
“Where–” Sam starts.
When he parks in the garage, he notices the newspaper lying on the passenger seat, and brings it with him inside. He eats dinner with Talbot, and when he and Eames start arguing about dessert, Dean puts his feet up on a chair and flicks the paper open. The
“My internship ended last week, and I can miss classes, it’s fine.”
The sky is blue, though clouds linger along the horizon like worrisome blankets. Dean squints at them, willing them to stay where they are. Cas’ feet are sticking out from the open backseat door, where he’s lying across the bench, reading a newspaper.
Dean sits. The window looks down onto the parking lot. On the windowsill sits a small cactus, just blooming with a couple of purple flowers.
“Dean’s doctor is looking for us, I can see him.”)
He tries to laugh, but fails. She’s solid against his back. More solid than the concrete of the garage beneath him, or any of the other, gleaming cars lining the space. “Yeah, Talbot’s weird, man, like. I swear he wasn’t this weird when we were kids.”
Dean looks at him. There’s no judgment in his face. Just worry.
Then he says, “do you want to come with me upstairs?”
“I’m glad I married
The drive goes by in moments of seamless gear shifts. He blinks and he’s at Cas’ door. Maybe he knocked. Either way, Cas has opened the door, he’s standing there, with his rumpled hair and his sad eyes, and he’s saying something but Dean can’t hear him.
Dean doesn’t know what that is, “no, like, ever feel like you got all these people convinced and one day you’ll slip up and they’ll figure it out?”
“You’re shining so bright.”)
“Say hi to Eileen for me.” He hangs up and sinks low into the plastic seat and settles in to wait, trying to ignore Sam’s voice ringing in his ears.
Dean turns to Cas. “I bet she thinks that sounds comforting.”
“I want to drive you everywhere.” Dean grinned.
“Dude,” he says, “thank you so much, you have no idea.”
“Eyes on the road.”
“Yeah, of course.”
“Yeah, that’s imposter syndrome.”
“Well. I’m lost. Like, insanely lost. I think I might have driven to Middle Earth by accident.”
“What’s your name?” He asks.
“What’s wrong, Dean?”
Dean feels like writing ’condescending’ in capital letters across the dude’s forehead. “So you know you’re not just picking up some random guy?”
“So,” he says, dragging out the word gleefully, “how was your date?”
“Yes. In this picture, where I’m so incandescently happy I can barely recognize myself, you think that I look normal.”
“I want to go to the Grand Canyon again.”
“Yeah, right.” Sam is getting that harsh note in his voice that Dean hates, the one he only gets when they’re talking about John, that makes Dean feel gross and guilty and ashamed. “He hasn’t done real work with that shop for years and you know it. The only reason he’s in business is because you work your fingers raw on the cars
Time is moving strangely. In a way, there is only this: Cas’ hand in his, Cas warm and heavy in his mouth, narrowing his world down into something he can understand. In another way, he is hurtling forward, experiencing the loss of every second yanked past him like breaths.
Then Cas reaches out and strokes the back of his knuckles against Dean’s arm, then against his neck, and goosebumps are erupting all over Dean’s skin. Feeling his heartbeat in his fingertips, he leans forward and meets Cas in the middle. It’s a simple, soft press of lips against lips. Dean’s bottom lip catches a little between Cas’, and then they’re leaning back again. Cas puts his thumb against Dean’s jaw, and smiles at him. Then he gets up and goes back to work.
“Dad?” He calls.
"Dude, you okay?"
From: Dean Winchester
“That I will,” Dean says, and turns right.
He could see Castiel out of the corner of his eyes, fiddling with what looked like a receipt.
“Wait,” Dean says, “he had the lemon pie? Your lemon pie is fucking legendary.”
He throws the towel at Sam. “Ow! What the hell?”
, he tells himself,
A wounded sound made it’s way out of Dean’s throat and he covered his face with his hands– there was the wedding ring, gleaming dully under fluorescent lights. Cas went to him. He tangled their fingers together –
“Well,” Dean says, “that’s a complicated question, Jimmy, I don’t know what to tell you.”
He nods off there, and dreams of Cas. It’s the middle of the night in England, he can’t call
Meg shrugs, “yeah, Cas.”
His skin is burning, his breathing isn’t slowing down, then finally,
“In the wine-cellar.” He throws his free arm out in a wide gesture, “I don’t know the way out!”
“Halloween themed?”
, stop hovering,” Talbot is saying, moving closer. Dean folds the paper up, hands shaking.
Dean rolled his eyes. “What else did I miss?”
“Yeah,” he says, “night.” He throws his phone back on the bedside table and presses his hands against his eyes, willing his heart to slow down.
He pours soup for Dean, and for himself, and sits down opposite him.
He goes back to the car. The windshield wipers are going furiously fast, looking desperate yet failing miserably at keeping the rain off the glass.
“Because I can look at him, and feel nothing, Sam.” Dean was saying. “I love him. I
The man stretches out his hand, “Noah Walsh, it’s a pleasure.”
“I’m sorry,” he says over his shoulder. “Cas, I’m really sorry.”
Cas takes the phone out of his hand.
“He did his best,” Dean says, and Sam comes to sit next to him.
“Who is that?” Gabriel asks.
“You gonna try calling again?”
“We stay on this road for a while,” Cas says, leaning back to look out the window.
Dean hangs up and puts his phone and keys in the plastic tray.
Dean taps his fingers against the floor, “not as bad as I feared, I guess. The left side doors are all messed up, and she was definitely on fire for a little bit. But the interior is salvageable. It’s gonna take a fuckton of parts and a small fortune but… I can fix her.”
He jerked upright, blinking furiously. There was a sharp tug in the crook of his arm and his fingers started scrabbling with the IV before the room had even sharpened into view.
"Interrupting a date?" The nurse asked.
“They’re cue cards, bitch, get away from me with those germs. I am very sick and you’re endangering my life by throwing around your disgusting viruses.”
The auto shop is dark and locked when he arrives, fifteen minutes before opening time. He unlocks the office door and turns on all the lights, tries to find signs of catastrophe. There’s a pile of opened and unfolded bills on one side of the computer keyboard, with a sticky note on top reading, in Ricky’s handwriting: “John, all of these before Sept.”
“I have some leftovers from the café. And coffee.”
The first time Dean said
“I would have thought your dad would move on by now, seeing as he ain’t the sort to stick around anywhere too long.”
“Dean,” Cas says again, his voice rougher than Dean has ever heard it. He can feel Cas’ chest moving under his own, expanding and sinking rapidly. More importantly, he can feel Cas getting hard against him.
Gabriel points a finger in his face, “I’m serious, Winchester. This never happened.”
“Then you’re not in France. Are there any road signs?”
Dean sighs, tries to unclench his fingers from the steering wheel. “We’re friends.”
Dean smacked his dry lips. His throat and head are fuzzy from the beer.
Cas trudged up towards the house, shifting his hold on the plastic bags to try to get some blood back into the tips of his fingers. He sidestepped a rake. Dean never really got far with the yard work. Cas thought he enjoyed it unkempt. Last week he had spent hours carefully pulling weeds by the azaleas but raking leaves? Yeah no, that rake was going to be abandoned.
“Everywhere. He saw everything worth seeing. And when he heard we had gone to America, he came back here. Stayed with our aunt and uncle, who are more forgiving of difference.”
“No one says that,” Cas sighed.
He flipped to the next card.
Cas smiles and leaves and Dean sits in the car for a confused little while. For a desperate moment, he wants to take it all back. He wants to call back Cas and let him know that actually, he’s fine without help, he’ll just get a new map.
Halfway back, the radiator safe in the trunk, Cas tells him to pull over.
and how fucking presumptuous of him, making such a big deal. He's being such a fucking dick.
Dean’s eyebrows twitched and he shook his head minutely. “I– I don’t know, you look normal.”
When Sam was little, Dean had been the best thing in the whole fucking world. He had been a big brother. His hands were good for more than fixing cars, they were good for wiping tears, for tying shoes, for being handed drawings.
“None of your business,” he says, through clenched teeth.
“I hate everyone, but Cas won’t come unless you do.”
“The vines will basically cover it anyway, sooner or later.”
. He needs coffee.
“Jimmy–“
And still after that?
Dean took the cups out of his hands and put them on the table. He was back before there was time to miss him, and then Cas could touch. Perhaps he held him a little tighter than usual. Perhaps his breath caught for different reasons. When Dean dragged him to the couch, perhaps he was relieved they weren’t going upstairs because then Dean would see the case for Castiel’s glasses on one bedside table, and his shoes by the window. When Dean grinned and pulled apart the buttons of his shirt, and Cas’ hands gripped at his hair and made sure he could see his eyes, he was looking for any flicker of– any sign of what he could see in there slipping away. When they kissed, perhaps Cas was trying to memorise it.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose, “Talbot bought it, dad didn’t want it back, so he shipped it overseas with him when he moved, now he’s totalled it and I’m going over to fix it.”
Cas doesn’t answer for a long moment, and Dean starts to worry he’s put his foot in something. Then he says, “to have somewhere to go,” and Dean doesn’t have an answer to that, so he changes the subject.
Cas shrugged.
What could he say, at this point? Apologise, Sam said. Apologise and do better. All he can ask is for Cas to watch him do better, and isn’t that just fucking tragic? The rest of Dean’s time with Cas, the rest of his life, if he’s lucky, he gets to spend on his knees, repenting.
he says again, and it’s not a question, not a plea. It’s something else. It’s near-prayer, and it makes Dean ache. Then he strokes Dean’s scalp slowly, lightly, as if they’re sitting on the couch and Cas is reading out loud from a book by an author whose name Dean can’t pronounce, as if he’s waking Dean up after he nodded off in an armchair at Taste Buds and it’s closing time– as if Dean didn’t just suck him off in the kitchen, as if he wasn’t fucking into Dean ten seconds ago. Then he asks, murmurs into Dean’s neck: ”Are you okay?”
“Ah, shit,” Dean mutters. He knows that voice, the ’ooh, I’m a lawyer, I have power in a court of law’-voice that he’ll never, ever get used to.
“Sure,” Gabriel says. “Cas gives free refills to all his friends, not just you.”
Cas wondered when he had started crying.
“Yeah, you’re right,” Dean says. “You want more?”
“I don’t wanna paint the fence white, it’s too cliché.” Dean said, “How about a dark green?”
Dean snags it out of his hand and turns his face away, willing away the tightening in his chest.
Dean is trying to push back, tilt his hips, trying to get Cas deeper. “Harder,” he hears himself say, “Cas,
“There’s something else, Sam. He’s becoming… violent.”
He let go when they got out on the balcony. He could have let go earlier.
As he lies there, despite the aching in his skin, despite the churning in his gut and the wetness of his eyes, he thinks about Cas taking his hand, Cas’ fingers stroking along his wrist, and he falls asleep.
“Yeah,” he tries to say, but it’s just more air. He clears his throat, nods a little, kisses Cas’ bottom lip. He can’t think of why his head is spinning, why his hands feel clumsy and numb. Then Cas presses a hand against his chest and he realises his heart is pounding too hard, too fast.
“Barely finished high school, us Winchesters aren’t the brainy sort.”
“He couldn’t do it himself, could he?” Dean snaps, “and someone has to take care of the shop–“
Cas' hand flew to the bruise and then faltered. "You didn't mean to."
“Wait,” Cas starts, but Dean looks up at him, and something in his face makes Cas stop and swallow, red flush creeping over his chest.
It doesn’t matter that there is air between them, that Cas is looking down at him, sober and joyful and that there is nowhere for Dean to hide. He puts a hand at the small of Cas’ back, then over his ass and pulls him all the way in. His other hand, he places against the flat of Cas’ stomach, watches the way his fingers can move across Cas’ skin, can prove his presence. When Cas rolls his hips again, Dean moans, his head thrown back and his hands on Cas’ skin. There is no urgency, just a sort of mindless joy.
Dean stood at the back of the room with a glass of champagne in his hand and watched people dance.
