He felt Sherlock leaning in towards him. They would never have been this physically close before, but there seemed to be new rules now. No rules. Sherlock’s hand closed warm and dry over John’s and tugged very, very tenderly. Sherlock had never touched his hand that way before, fingers curling gently around the fleshy part, his palm laid over John's fingers.
This distance between them, their class schedules, John’s part time jobs, made it nearly impossible to get together, and it was driving John absolutely round the twist. He wanted to
He retrieves the leather bindings they've used just a few times before, and also a new braided leather rope with a latch to hook into the ring at Sherlock's throat. Sherlock automatically spreads his arms against the headboard as John approaches, putting himself in position for the wrist cuffs.
Sherlock licked and sucked at him, mouthing the rim of John’s stretched hole and curling his tongue deeply into him. John pushed back, rutting against his face, the pain in his arm now a pale forgotten ache compared to the searing pleasure spreading through his every nerve ending.
Sherlock’s mouth goes completely dry as the rush of arousal zigzags through every nerve ending, looking at John’s stretched hole, his balls heavy and full between his shimmering thighs, his cock hard and flushed. Sherlock can actually see the vein pulsing on the underside. Sherlock wrenches his eyes up to John’s mischievous grinning face, and realises with a lurch that he is completely and entirely gone on him. The silvery ripples of pleasure in his belly aren’t just arousal, aren’t just about fucking. He wants John’s smile, and his laughing eyes, he wants his sleepy morning breath against his face, wants to lean against him while they watch television.
"But you do want to. You want to punish me. Correct me. Put me in my place." Sherlock sounds disgusted. He kicks at the shards of the mug, sending one spinning out into the hallway. "Tell me you don't."
Sherlock takes both John’s petite hands in one of his and lays them against his sternum, so John can feel him breathing. “I’m here.”
“Oh, sweetheart. Are you bleeding? What happened?” She rushes toward him, and he clutches her forearms, grateful for someone to hold on to.
Sherlock cuts him off with a snarl against the back of John's head. "You wanted this at the crime scene, didn't you? Wanted me. Don't argue."
“And we can have fun at night...we don’t have to spend any money to have fun.” Teasing sneaks back into John’s tone as his hand sneaks onto Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock looks up at him and he’s grinning, blue eyes twinkling in the early morning light shimmering in the high window.
John swallowed, looked to Sherlock for final approval. Sherlock inclined his head nearly imperceptibly, answering the unvoiced question, and John’s eyes flicked immediately back to Lightburn.
"Now there's a bedroom through that hall and another up the steps, but I assume you won't be needing two." She smiles at them knowingly.
He doesn’t have time to decide, John and Harry entering the kitchen seconds later, John incandescent, clearly basking in Harry’s presence.
John’s hand pressed against Sherlock’s spine. He could feel each fingertip, the heel of his palm settled in his lumbar curve like it was made to fit there. “I want to believe you.”
John’s just on the precipice of sleep when Sherlock lifts his head and presses one last soft kiss to the corner of John’s mouth.
“Same direction. A bit north of the village itself. Shall we go there today? Maybe a nine kilometre walk.” John brushed toast crumbs from his jeans and wrapped his hands around his coffee mug.
The bartender comes over, Sherlock orders them two Kamikazes, realises John has all the money. The club is playing with his head, the thrumming of the beat, the lights swirling and flashing, the noise. John’s hot hard body pressed against him.
"Yeah." Sherlock slips in beside John, surrounded by the scent of lavender, and the heat of John's body.
John goes on as if he didn’t say anything. “And Wood went on to play for Puddlemere United for years, eventually moved up to the All-England team and won two Quidditch World Cups. And Sophie - his daughter - was even better. Though she decided not to make a career of it, and became a Healer. Must be something about Keepers…”
“Hmm. Alright. I don’t know what or where the fuck Bemidji is, but I’ll find it. Where am I supposed to meet you once I’m there?” He had no real idea what to expect once this started. He’d never done anything like this before. Working for criminals, being one. He didn’t expect to last that long, but of course, that was sort of the point.
Drumchapel is based on a real place, Ardkinglas Estate, which is actually on the banks of Loch Fyne in Cairndow. But since it's a real house, with a real family that lives there, I thought it diplomatic to change the names and such.
“You’re so tight, John, you feel so good.” Sherlock kissed John’s cock and circled his foreskin with the tip of his tongue.
But Sherlock obediently dug out his wallet from the depths of a giant duffel coat pocket and produced his badge. Lightburn’s face looked at first surprised, and then impressed.
relaxed. You have absolutely no idea what I’m like when I’m not relaxed.” John’s eyelid twitched slightly, and he could feel the venom in his smile. He needed to calm down.
Even now that he has a catalogue of all the things that make Sherlock as imperfectly human as anyone else, now that John knows that he sometimes whimpers in his sleep and claws helplessly at John’s bare chest until he’s gathered close with little shushes, how he gets stomachaches from too much takeaway and has to live on mint tea and oatmeal for days until it settles, how his brilliant complicated genius brain fumbles when it comes to an act as simple and innate to John as remembering the lyrics to a Beatles song.
John nods once, quick and firm, and lets go of Sherlock's hand. "Absolutely. I can take anything these fuckers have to throw at us."
“Yeah. I spent all June and July volunteering at St Mungo’s this summer. It was amazing. What Healers can do - I want to be like that. Help people.”
Blinking to try and make himself look at Sherlock through the instinct to keep his eyes shut, John mutters, “What happened?”
“Thank you, I am aware. This is the result of sleeping in one’s office for several weeks and not consuming anything but chips and butterbeer for nearly as long. Things are dire, Sherlock.”
They do have fun, as it happens. Mrs Hudson sits between them in the cab, as cheerful and chatty at nearly ninety as she’s always been. Greg and Molly live in a tidy little house in a tidy little suburb, which is full to bursting with people when the three of them arrive. Greg meets them at the door, red faced and grinning, pushing drinks into their hands before they’ve even hung up their coats. Molly drops kisses on their cheeks, leads Mrs Hudson to her favourite rocking chair. John ends up being cornered in the dining room, barraged with questions by Greg’s youngest son, who’s trying to get into med school. Sherlock attracts a cadre of worshipful young detectives, and spends the evening holding court, regaling them with tales involving Greg’s bumbling missteps and his own brilliant deductions.
"Oh god, me too." Sherlock arches his neck, the last vowel of his sentence dissolving into a groan. He rocks his hips up, legs tensing around John's waist, the outline of his cock shifting inside his pants.
He nibbles at Sherlock’s iliac crest as he nestles into position, spreading Sherlock’s thighs apart with his hands so he can lay between them. Sherlock’s cock is achingly hard, flushed deep maroon against the glowing whiteness of his stomach, foreskin pulled back tightly, leaking precome in glistening smears under his navel. John lays his cheek against the fleshy inside of Sherlock’s thigh and passes a reverent hand over him, cradling his bollocks in his palm and tugging lightly. He presses a fingertip against his perineum and Sherlock chokes out an agonised moan, his thighs tensing and shaking.
Sherlock watches his long blonde eyelashes flickering, the way his jaw moves as he swallows. He watches John’s pulse thumping under his jaw, the infinitesimal movements of the prominent veins in the center of his forehead, across his temple. A half moon of gunshot scar is visible above the hem of the blankets, white and ragged against John’s pale peach skin. Sherlock’s gaze travels the length of each waving line of scar tissue, his own feeling tight across his back.
The man’s eyebrow raised up slowly and he pursed his lips, thinking. “Can’t say I’ve ever had anyone like that to begin with.”
“Thank you, doctor.” Mrs Hudson smiles, lays a hand on Sherlock’s knee as the doctor disappears down the hallway. He stares at it, emerges from his thoughts of Jim and revenge, the fury and fear tangible, like a stone lodged in his esophagus. “Better?”
“Alright. I have to go to work.” John swept his coat from the back of the desk chair and tucked his phone in his back pocket. “Clean the flat while I’m gone?”
.” He rocks back and forth, murmuring it over and over again, doesn’t even feel the elderly woman’s hand on his shoulder as the sirens wail in the distance.
"No. You know what? That was an awful, shitty, cruel thing to say. That was fucked. I shouldn’t have said that to you, Sherlock.  I'm sorry. I thought about that a lot, you know. That that was basically the last thing I said to your face...
John makes a sound that’s not unlike a sob and kisses Sherlock’s thigh before he lowers his mouth back over Sherlock’s cock. Everything tightens, his shoulder blades knitting together, pushing him up off the mattress, one leg curling up over John’s shoulder as John sucks him and runs his right hand up his thigh to cradle his bollocks.
John closes his own hand over Sherlock's on his chest, and smiles, squeezes his fingers between Sherlock's fingers until he can't tell whose are whose, and says, "No, no, sweetheart. It's good, it's happy crying. It's just, fuck. This is. A lot. This is
Sherlock’s hand finds the back of John’s head, fingers carding through his hair as he arches his neck toward John’s mouth. “I love you, too.”
. I wiped at my chin with the back of my hand and laid my cheek once again on John’s thigh, nuzzling against him, both my mind and body sluggish with arousal. My lips burned.
“Christ, that feels good, love. I miss you, too. I missed you yesterday.” John breathed out, his chest moving in shallow little truncated movements.
John knows Sherlock doesn’t really expect an answer. But he stops anyway, turns fully to Sherlock and wraps both arms around his waist. Sherlock looks down at him with an amused smile, and folds his arms tight against John’s chest.
- naked.” John reaches between them, slick fingers and searingly hot skin, and when he’s inside just enough to curl his fingers, Sherlock gasps out a desperate little cry and his back bends like a bow pulled taut and it’s still -
This smell, of yeast and flour and John, musky and woolen and soapy, this smell is intoxicatingly pleasant. This smell is
Hamish Watson was a taller man than his son, but not quite Sherlock's height. Wiry muscles, square jaw, sun damaged brown skin, harsh and careworn. They shared the same indigo eyes, but his had none of the mirth and mischievous sparkle found in John's. Everything about him was hard edges. He looked like the man John could have become, had his life taken a different turn.
Dreamlike, in the muteness of the night, they move close, closer, until John can feel Sherlock’s blood pumping from the inside and John’s heart is thumping like a caged animal against the toned curve of Sherlock’s upper arm. John kisses Sherlock’s jaw and takes him in hand, heavy and blood hot. Sherlock shudders and pushes back, his head lolling into John’s as he turns for a kiss. John presses his tongue between Sherlock’s lips, catching a frantic moan in his mouth as Sherlock thickens in his hand, throbs and pushes back, back.
meaning to, but somehow...they always mess it up. When all Sherlock’s ever wanted to do is love John.
The taste of Sherlock’s blood ignited his own. A match to a line of petrol, flames licking through his veins. He closed his entire mouth over the cut and sucked, dropping the scalpel onto the sterile plastic mat next to him. Every nerve ending was singing, screaming, heart pounding. He sucked harder, drawing Sherlock’s blood up through the wound, lapping at it with his tongue like a wild animal.  Needing more sensation, he rutted his hips against the bed, the plug pressing against his prostate, stomach muscles contracting. He nipped at Sherlock’s skin, heard himself groaning with pleasure. Oh my god, this was beautiful. Sherlock’s blood in his mouth -
.” Sherlock’s head drops back and to the side, exposing more throat for John to nuzzle. His arms tighten around John’s waist, pulling John up on his toes and forcing him to lean almost his full weight into Sherlock’s embrace.
I swallowed down the sob that was rising in my throat and lifted the more delicate of the two rings from the box. I went to slip it on my finger, but John stopped me, his hand closing around my elbow.
be free of me." Jim pulls back a little, tilts his head to the side and smiles slow and predatory. He tips forward and licks at Sherlock's open mouth, the feeling of his wet tongue wormlike and nauseating.
The moon is shining bright winter white when Sherlock startles awake at half past two, his mind racing. The memory of how he got into bed comes back in pieces. John's fingers under his chin, John's mouth against his cheek, whispering, "Come on, you don't want to sleep on the sofa." John tugging him down the hallway, covering him with blankets. John curling around his back, kissing his neck, pressing his hand possessively into Sherlock's stomach. John.
John isn’t leaving his room. John is, in fact, pulling his collar from his neck and unbuttoning his shirt, looking for all the world as though he’s getting ready for bed.
He moaned his approval and kissed me harder, now thrusting his hips in counterpoint to the movement of his hand around us. His moustache scraped against my upper lip, rough against the tender skin under my nose, and I relished the burn. I would be red and raw tomorrow from the force of his love, and I could think of no sweeter injury.
Sherlock frowned again as he moved to hover over John’s bed, watching his chest rise and fall with every breath. Something
He should have been pleased, ecstatic really. Violet was safe and sound and Sherlock was back at Baker Street. Together, they did the impossible, they hoodwinked Mycroft. All was as it should be, all was well.
“Mm-hmm,” John hummed before seeking Sherlock’s mouth. “Yeah,” he pressed a soft, lingering kiss against his lips. “Yeah,” he breathed before bequeathing a second kiss, a little less lingering, a little more insistent. “You’re right,” he flicked his tongue against Sherlock’s mouth until he parted his lips. After that, the kisses became hot, wet and unrelenting, almost needy.
“That’s not the same as allergies, dear,” Mrs. Holmes continued to surf the Internet. “What about Florida? We’ve never been to Florida.”
But adopting Ford had been no hardship for Sherlock’s parents. They had wanted more children but Mrs. Holmes had difficulties conceiving Mycroft and there were at least two miscarriages prior to Sherlock’s conception. Taking Ford into their home was a joy, not a burden.
As Violet lay unconscious on the dirty floor, the door leading up to the roof swung open. Jim Moriarty, wearing a gas mask strolled in. He had also put on his good winter coat as well. Not as sumptuous or flashy as a Belstaff, but still a respectable and warm outer garment.
“Excellent idea and I want a coffee, black, two sugars,” Sherlock snapped. The intern scuttled off. Once alone again, Sherlock exhaled, quietly shut the door and leaned against it, lowering his eyes to the ugly linoleum floor. “Oh John, it seems I can never do right by you. I must tack one more apology to the thousand I already owe you.” He lifted his eyes, “Did Violet tell you?”
Her gut would twist as she remembered how badly she had wanted to stay, to help Sherlock find John after he had disappeared.
“Mm,” Sherlock stretched out one of his long legs out on the sofa, then the other, wedging his foot in-between Violet’s hip and the back of the sofa, forcing her to scoot over just a tad.
“Ah,” Mary stayed very still. Last spring, Mary had stayed with a newly pregnant Molly Hooper after their terrace house had been broken into by
As Sherlock knew he would, Rucastle boomed “Bring them! I’d love to meet the Man Behind the Blog. We’ll be in Cornwall. The fishing is magnificent in St. Ives. And I’m sure Mrs. Watson is charming as well. Now,” he reached for his menu. “I am famished. Hopefully that unfortunate episode will be the last bit of drama because I hate it when supper is interrupted.”
. The mole alerted them when Mary went into premature labor. We were all distracted by covering up the Magnussen shooting and dealing with Jim Moriarty’s return. In less than two days, they had snatched the child from under our noses and found someone else’s dead baby for John to bury.”
Leaving Mary to make their excuses and Sherlock to terrorize his relatives, John and Violet slipped out the backdoor of the church, avoiding the paps. They braved the wintery rain for two blocks before John perceived how Violet had started limping again. He then decided to hell with the damp weather and hailed a cab.
But he never really could hide his brilliance, which ended up alienating him from most of his classmates.
Sherlock made a snorting, dismissive noise through his nose. “Enjoy explaining that to Mitton’s lawyer. I’m sure you all will have loads to discuss. Now, about Violet…”
“No, he’s on his own thrilling adventure at the moment, which I shall entertain you with later. My travel companion, an old friend has been minding the room.”
,” John rolled his eyes heavenwards. Then he looked down at the police file in his hands. Flipping the cover open, he skimmed the first few lines, “You’re right Sherlock, look,” he pointed the first page. “It’s the bloody March 13
Sherlock caught her and helped her untie her blindfold. “Maybe I should leave the dancing to the professionals,” she shook her head, the curls starting to slip of out of her chignon.
“There are no but’s and there shall be no further discussion on this topic. You are not an obstacle. You are a priority to me. If Victor cannot see that, then that makes even the possibility of a platonic friendship impossible. However,” the temperature in his voice dropped several  degrees. “You cannot and will not ask Mycroft any more personal questions about me. And you most definitely will not send John to do your dirty work. John and I already had this conversation. While I understand the sentiment driving the actions, I cannot condone it. Everything involving Mycroft comes with a price and the price is usually at my expense. I will not have it any longer. If you must know things about me that you cannot deduce with your own ears, eyes and nose, then you may certainly use your mouth and
“Oh. Oh, well, I don’t remember,” John shrugged, trying to play it off. Then he scowled as Sherlock continued to stare at him. “And stop with the look.”
With that final jibe, Sherlock stormed out of the house into the back garden. Shivering in his thin t-shirt and flannel shirt, he fished around in his jeans pocket for his cigarettes and matches.
“Do we need to start worrying about Danger Nights?” John delicately used Mycroft’s euphemism for Sherlock getting high.
Clearing his throat, John quickly changed the subject, “So Sherlock, how does Donovan fit into this mess?”
“You’re not like the other junkies we pick up. I saw it, the first time I nabbed you, there’s just… something… in your eyes. You see everything, I think.”
She was reinstated, of course. She had argued during her hearing she honestly thought the telephone calls came from a nutter and an
Her hand over her eyes, her handbag now clutched in her arm like a beloved dolly or teddy, her shoulders shook as tears coursed down her face.
He already deduced what  tedious ruse they were going to use to separate him from Mary and get him back inside the house. “Miss Smith has been planning a surprise for you, Mr. Holmes. She had asked Mr. Rucastle for his assistance. She’s waiting for you at the pool.”
“And yet,” Sherlock stood up from behind the largest dog carrier. The one Mary thought housed a horse. “All the lights were on in here,” he vaulted on top the carrier, straddling it as if the carrier itself was a horse. He had to shout to be heard over the yapping and howling of frightened and angry dogs. “And yet you failed to observe me slipping in through the back door and hiding behind the dog crates.”
“Better take him at his word, lad,” John informed Honoré. “He once dropped a CIA agent out of the window twenty-two times just for roughing up our landlady.”
If the locals noticed a more visible presence of their local police officers, they didn’t remark upon it.
“N-n-no,” Violet’s teeth chattered from the cold and from the delayed response from her ordeal. “I p-p-passed out in the hallway, some sort of gas, then I woke up here, wearing
“Go change out of those damp clothes,” Violet retrieved Gladstone’s leash. “The last thing we need is for you to get sick again.”
“Any leads on Moriarty?” Violet asked, perhaps realizing her comments had been a little too cutting.  “We haven’t heard a peep from him since that text he sent John last May.”
John leaned forward, looking for a coaster on the coffee-table. Finding none, he put the mug on an old copy of
“You and I aren’t the only ones who know the code. So does Wasp, she’s using that code to surf the Dark Net to find the cipher so we can decode Operation Raven.”
!” Violet cried, turning too late to try to  stop her dog. But Gladstone already zipped past her, a big orange-and-black fish flopping vainly in the dog’s powerful jaws.
In short, the General didn’t put up with much shit. Trager had wistfully stated that the General reminded him of one of the Sons’ fallen comrades and founding members, Piney Winston.
Mrs. Holmes took pity on him and told him he was a good boy for trying to protect her from the scary bits of his job. When that hadn’t worked, she made him his favorite pudding instead. Mycroft had still sulked, but he also tucked in two giant helpings of spotted dick.
“Right, I figured, but never hurts to ask,” Timothy said, a bit disgruntled now. But he shook it off. “Speaking of America, Hollywood has been sniffing around a bit too. No firm offers yet but Robert Downey Jr. has expressed an interest in playing the lead if a film adaptation gets the green light, which is exciting.”
, his busy mind soaking in as much information as it could. At nine-thirty on the dot, he stood in front of Hatchards just as the doors were being unlocked. Stepping inside  the bookstore, he shrugged off the leather jacket he had put on over his sweatshirt as he inhaled that wonderful smell of leather book covers and crisp new paper.
“Greg, the odds of two brown-eyed parents producing a blue-eyed child are very high though,” Molly somberly reminded him. “And it’s enough to make people start asking questions, start wondering, ohhh but it’s not the talk I’m worried about. Although I don’t fancy the bloody tabloids following him around, taking pictures and asking him questions.”
Sherlock slowly doubled over until he rested his clammy cheek against the cool metal table. “I knew he was lying when he told me the wife took the kids on holiday to Ireland.”
“We like to come out here during the summers, but it’s lovely in the winters too,” Mrs. Holmes had patently ignored Sherlock insulting Mycroft. “The big house, the estates, they’re just too much for two old pensioners like Siggie and I. So Mycroft helped us create this little getaway.”
“Yes! No, oh sod it,” John threw his hands up in the air. “My dad gambled, pissed off a bookie and ran like a coward when he couldn’t pay. I haven’t seen him since. Happy?”
Violet took a deep, whooping breath and clumsily grasped the pole with her hands. She spread her legs in a position that would have been vulgar in any other situation. Using her thighs and abs, she attempted to lift herself into some semblance of
“They didn’t kill him because he complained about the Persian Gulf War,” Violet said, slower than usual. Staring up at the sky as the clouds started to cover up the stars, she said faintly, “They killed him because he was going to blow the whistle on them.”
She turned her head towards the window as she started chewing on her lower lip, a habit Sherlock had assured her was entirely unattractive. Her left leg started jigging up and down as her mind mulled over today’s events.
“I know what she likes,” Irene winked at Violet as she helped herself to a tot of rum, as if she had always lived there instead of just arriving out of the blue.
“Correct,” Sherlock popped the “T” at the end of the word. “So, while it is not impossible, it is most unlikely she did him an injury then coerced him into suicide days later. But as I do not have access to the actual crime scene nor can I speak to the lady in question at this time, it is foolish to form any firm conclusions.”
“Dead dogs,” John staggered away from the pools and rubbed at his mouth with the back of his hand. “They put the bait dogs and the loser dogs in the pool when… uh, when the victor is through with them. S’ppose it’s easier to chuck them into the bin by carrying them in a pool. Blood doesn’t slosh all over. But… ah… there was a…”
They had been happy in the Netherlands. They took to the Dutch culture like ducks to water. Eventually they had decided to try for a child. Happily, they made the business of creating a baby with great enthusiasm.
“Goddammit,” Vibart groused but he cocked his head as motorcycle engines could be heard rumbling in the distance. “They’re here,” he reached into his jeans pocket for his cigarettes.
“You bet your boots I do,” he said, tossing her in the air a little, to make her giggle. Then he tickled her tummy to make her laugh.
“I’m doubling what I said I’d pay you,” Violet dug into her bra and pulled out a small jump drive. “Here,” she placed it in Trager’s hand. “Lisbeth helped me format it last night. Excel spreadsheets, showing how the money is divvied up and which banks the funds are kept. None of the accounts go over a hundred thousand and are all under dummy corporation names for small businesses.  Once you’re back in Cali, call the first bank on the list, make up a cock-and-bull story about how your debit card was lost,
The old lion could have wept. He had forgotten how beautiful his boy was with those dark, mysterious eyes, that impish smile.
Sherlock dipped his head. “As you wish,” he muttered, jerking away from John’s touch, taking the stairs two at a time.
“I think the British government can survive a few days without your contribution,” his father said, his voice light and cheery, but Mycroft clearly read the subtext. “Since it took them a year  to fully train you, I think they can spare you a few days to spend Easter with your family.”
Violet paled. She realized her mistake. Panic-stricken, she looked over Lestrade’s shoulder at Sherlock. He had closed his eyes in defeat when Lestrade told her to repeat what he said.
“You know, Mary and Violet WOULD make a looooooooovely couple. They could go assassinate terrorists together then go shoe-shopping and be home in time for tea.”
Sitting in Regent’s Park, the old lion sighed heavily. He had so dearly wished Sherlock would have solved this problem for him as well. The Earl’s demands were getting a bit… tedious.
The man’s greyish curls were receding and his beard was scraggly, like a hillbilly, but she would know that face
“I was an Army doctor and I got shot, that’s all there is to Afghanistan,” John knew Sherlock was trying to goad him into some sort of confession. He fought the urge to throw his shaving kit and toiletries’ bag at Sherlock’s face all the same. “As for my childhood, well, it’s too boring for someone with your massive intellect and toff background to be interested in.”
A wave of nausea swept over John. He had no idea Sherlock had been so neatly trapped by Mycroft and MI-6. It was like seeing a beautiful fox with his paw crushed in a hunter’s snare. “Then let’s go get The Bloody Letter,” again he tried to sound calm but the tremor in his voice gave him away…
Now, Mycroft stood in front of the hotel where John and Dupin were lodging. He had caught them in the act, caught them all in the act, trying to deceive him and yet…
“Although we did shout through the door that we were waiting outside for you,” Mary added helpfully. “Just so no one got any silly ideas about trying to run or go after the girl.”
.” Julia smirked and picked up the jumper again. “To him, you may be always be The Woman, but Miss Smith… well, she’s The Queen, isn’t she?” She risked a glance at the chess board “And the King’s job is to sacrifice himself to protect the Queen, right?” She threw the jumper at Irene. “And put that on. I’m tired of looking at your tits.”
They hadn’t expected to find much at Appledore, she and Mitton. Really, it had been a fool’s errand. Like Mitton said, they were just going to poke about. An excuse to tour a private, luxurious residence, if one wanted to be completely honest. Any evidence proving Sherlock Holmes had murdered Charles Augustus Magnussen in cold blood would have been washed away years ago.
She had grieved, said her goodbyes at the funeral. She would grieve again later, when the time was appropriate but now was not that time. She had a job to do.
“It is one thing to demonstrate my talents to a small circle of trusted friends or to prove a point to someone completely inept or incompetent. It is quite another to behave like a dancing monkey, to perform on cue, when a camera or microphone is stuck in my face,” Sherlock tented his fingers. “Especially when the questions rarely have to do with  my Work, but with my Personal Life,” he reached for Violet’s left hand. He had made sure to sit on Violet’s left side for this exact purpose. He lifted her hand up and lightly held her fingers in order to show off her engagement ring, solely to bait Rucastle…
“Fortunately, I know a subject matter expert ,” Sherlock fished his mobile out of his coat pocket, wincing. He dialed a number from memory and without even saying hello, asked, “Enjoying your exile?”
Violet slipped out of the shadows and stood behind the young man. “Stop,” she used her “Federal Agent” voice again. The barrel of her gun was snug against the man’s neck.
Sherlock closed his eyes. In his Mind Palace, he watched the opportunity to seize The Letter and clear Mitton float away on the breeze.
be up, especially if Henry was being fussy. Or Bart’s might be shorthanded and need Molly to work the nightshift … but now that he knew he hadn’t fooled Mycroft after all regarding Henry’s paternity, it might be best not to contact her. Not until he had conceived a plan on how to handle this new problem.
The Sign of Four had been ordered on Sherlock, which was how he wound up on St. Bart’s rooftop on that fateful day.
They had not resumed the romantic side of their relationship. Sherlock hadn’t felt like having sex and Violet made no attempts of initiating intercourse from her end. Also, nothing in her body language or facial expressions indicated she felt like being intimate either.
“OK,” Evie nodded. “Yeah, we should. And I’ll find something, if you can help through this month,” Evie made herself look piteous again.
She threw the door open the minute her husband and social worker were on the front step. “Come in, come in,” she babbled, ushering them in, her eyes never leaving the little girl in the social worker’s arms, “Hi Jo, so good to see you again.”
There was another electric fireplace at the end of the enormous lounge. Mycroft sat in one of the coal-black leather armchairs in front of it. Mycroft turned his head when he heard Violet’s slippers clapping on the tiled floor. “Ah, sister-in-law,” he drawled, standing up, ever the gentleman. “Please,” he gestured towards the empty chair then picked up a fur-lined rug that matched the one that had been on Violet’s bed.
When she heard voices, she tugged Sherlock’s shirt. He reached up to squeeze her fingers resting on his shoulder, letting her know he heard them too and to
Despite that nagging refrain singing in her head, Anthea kept her face neutral. She stayed a half a block behind the chestnut-haired woman.
Both eyes open now, Sherlock’s shoulders shook with the effort of not laughing out loud. “I always believed that revenge was a waste of time and energy however, I cannot help but enjoy my brother’s misery just a tiny bit.”
“That’s… actually kind of nice of you, which is weird… but… anyway, it’s about independence, Sherlock. I’ve always paid my own way. I like just going and shopping without having to wait for you like a Stepford Wife and ask for your bank card.”
Sherlock reached over, switched the lamp off. Coughed. Whimpered a little from the pain in his chest caused by the coughing. Then, not caring how pathetic he might appear to her, curled up next to Violet, his head on her shoulder. He relaxed slightly when he felt her arms wrapping around him. “Hate not feeling well,” he muttered as way of an apology for acting so wretched.
still in DC when the Senator died, wasn’t she? They underestimated her, how well she can blend into a crowd, to hide in plain sight.”
She made a mental note to make sure someone came for the animals as well, when this was over. She also hoped no one had hurt Gladstone. She took a cursory look through the crates’ gates but only saw pit bulls, no Alsatians. There wasn’t time to look further.
Once he had recuperated from his gunshot wound, he vowed he would travel to places he wanted to visit, not just where the military sent him.
Every answer seemed wrong so John elected to stay silent. When Dupin had prodded him the other day in the flat where Lucas had died, John mumbled an excuse about his shoulder hurting and had darted away.
Despite everything, despite all that he had been through and the trials he knew he had yet to endure, he was still Sherlock Holmes..."
“Fuck,” Victor sighed, looking around his flat. He loved his flat, filled with eclectic pieces of art and comfortable leather furniture. A hardwood floor he had stripped and finished himself. A really nice telly, one of the newer flat-screens, sat on top of another metal bookcase matching the one near the front door. This shelf however was filled with old leather books as well as DVDs of all movies he loved, from the pretentious snotty films to the shoot-‘em-up-kill-‘em-all flicks.
“Yes, it’s a wonderful thing that our only car is in the shop right now because there’s a knocking noise underneath the bonnet,” Mary snapped, turned her attention back to the cab window.
In a soft and pained voice, like the first guttural roll of thunder before the storm broke, Sherlock groaned in actual sorrow. “Oh Mary…” he whispered, as if she was actually his friend.
, she internally sighed to herself. Noticing how Mycroft puffed his chest out just a bit and square his shoulders ever so slightly (
Doyle, A. C., & Morley, C. (1930). The Valley of Fear. The complete Sherlock Holmes. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday & Co
“How the hell did he get past the security queue?” she snapped, glowering at John and Lestrade as if it was their fault Sherlock had tricked security. “You can’t get through if you don’t have a ticket.”
, he smirked. There was but only one woman for him, but she had left him, years ago for a higher calling and a lesser man. Her desertion had ceased to sting, but he knew, soon, she would seek him out, beg him to
“You’re nice people, I can tell. Smart clothes, you talk nice all the time, not when you have to, you’re a nurse so you’ve done more school than me. Probably live in a posh borough too.”
Also, Raffles' mother's name is "Marjorie" and "Molly" sometimes is used as nickname for "Margaret", plus we don't know anything about her dad except he died... I know it's a stretch... but it's fun to play with! :^)
Wiggins loped into a completely different pub than the one in which he had inadvertently met the terrifying Mrs. Watson. This pub was completely off the radar to the tourists and the well-to-do. This was the type of pub that was the Last Stop before the crack dens and flop houses. This was the type of pub where all sorts of deals went down.
But she knew better than to show any outside indication of irritation. She had been trained too well. So she plastered a weary smile on her face, hiding how she positively itched to leave Atlanta. The city itself was alright, but she knew she would go stark-raving mad if she had to be around her maternal family a minute longer than necessary.
Until then, as long as I have internet access and an overactive imagination, I'm happy to provide this little bit of escapism, for what it's worth.
Mycroft swiftly turned his head towards his brother just in time to see the porcelain mask crumble into bits. Defeat and sheer exhaustion darkened Sherlock’s face.
,” she ordered the dog. Obediently, the loyal Alsatian padded along next to her as she followed Sherlock into the grove.
“Nothing to worry about,” John spluttered as the pilot shut the cockpit door again. “OK, even I can tell he’s a fucking liar.” In a lower voice, John asked, “What did you see? You saw something out the window,” John pointed at the oval window with a shaking finger, “Before we started going down.”
. But as it was almost five o’clock already and they still had to pick up the car then drive to Baden-Baden, John knew it was pointless.
A Welsh word with no direct English translation. Loosely defined as "a homesickness for a home to which you cannot return which maybe never was; the nostalgia, the yearning, the grief for the lost places of your past."
He surveyed the scene before him, making his deductions. Was he close enough? Was there enough time to get closer? Was the Earl armed? What about the man with him?
His worry had lessened a bit last summer when Johnny came home with a dreamy look on his face after attending his first boy-girl birthday party. After some wheedling and teasing, Johnny had confessed a girl had kissed him, his round cheeks flushing as he admitted it “wasn’t bad.” And little Teresa DiLusio, a pretty, dark-haired thing, had started coming over now and again to borrow one of Johnny’s books, or to watch telly with him. And Johnny had been invited to the DiLusio’s house for tea here and there.
.” Mycroft continued to advance on Heathcliff. “It’s not my fault or problem you can’t find a seven year old kid.”
A thousand questions flew through Violet’s head. Despite the years she had spent researching Sherlock and his family and the months actually living with him, she still had so many questions. She tried to pin down the one she wanted to ask the most, one that would actually pertain to her. Then she looked over at the bookshelf, the ones she had re-arranged out of spite after Sherlock had been mean to her while they practiced their duets for Molly’s wedding. The one where a copy of the children’s story
“Are you sure this isn’t about revenge?” Janine asked as she escorted her to the door. “He did kind of fuck you over a time or two, coming back from the dead and all.”
John cleared his throat. “Uh, I don’t know if you realize or if Sherlock had told you, but… Mary and I had a bit of a falling out last year.”
She didn’t see Lisbeth’s nod of approval but she did feel the sofa move when Lisbeth stood up. “I’m going to finish getting ready then I’m heading out.” She strode towards the bedroom.
He finally understood why Mary never wanted to talk about the beautiful and intricate tattoo of a delicate butterfly with sapphire and periwinkle wings inked on her lower back.
Sherlock stopped his mad whirling. He let his hands drop. His mouth dropped open in a perfect O as he blinked rapidly, as if watching a film being fast-forward.
“Oh well, if that’s all…” John grinned as he took a sip of the bitter ale. It was good, better that good. Rich and earthy, with hints of honey and vanilla but the sweetness was cut by the hops. There was even a faint undertone of whisky. “Before you choke him, could you find out how the case is progressing and let me know?”
Where on earth was he? Normally he glued himself to his brother’s side. Embarrassing, really, how he trailed after Sherlock. Like a moonstruck school boy. Like a loyal yet slightly brain-damaged lap dog, panting after his master, eager for praise.
He knew the right then, the ethical thing to do was to turn his mobile into the authorities and have them trace the number to find the snake once and for all.
“You’re wasting time,” Mrs. Toller snapped at Toller. “Get that old biddy to the pool then go get Holmes. We need to be at the air field to catch our flight by eleven o’clock.”
“Yeah, ‘cause that worked so well in the past,” John snorted. “But she definitely contacted the Senator and threatened him?”
So did a handsome black man Violet knew as Collins, Billy Wiggins knew as Mitty and Mycroft knew as “Agent Mitton, status update.”
When they got to their room, Mike was sound asleep on the king sized bed. He had taken the far left side so that John and Sherlock could just slide in once they got to bed. And after a couple of rounds of Roshambo, which John lost horribly each time, Sherlock took the other side, John sandwiched between the doctor and the detective. John snorted to himself. That sounded like the title of one of Molly's sordid romance novels that she denied reading.
Soon Sherlock was starting to get cold. The outfit was pretty but not very warm. John laughed, and then hailed a taxi to take them to his flat.
"I'm taking John home now," Sherlock murmured. "And heaven help you, Greg is ready to spit acid for this little stunt you pulled."
John popped the cranberries into the fridge to chill and began to work on the vegetables and dressing.
"I am," Mycroft explained. "It was right after Father left and I was willing to do anything to feel. Bertie pressured me into..." and he coughed discreetly.
Once Greg found his tongue he chuckled and lifted the lapel of the suit jacket, "What, this old thing? It was just something I had lying around."
"Tells you something about who you were marrying, doesn't it?" Mike said, with that same knowing smile from all those years ago when he declared, "Yeah, he's always like that," to a stunned John Watson.
John could see a lead flapping behind the great beast, but before he could lay a hand on it, a figure crashed through the same bush. It grabbed the lead, but instead of stopping the dog, it carried the man off his feet.
She was just waiting for Bobby to bring the Brie and then she could start. She smiled at the guests who were already there. Molly and Jackie were sitting on the sofa chatting about chemistry, and Ella and Louise were discussing psychology on the settee.
"Mycroft called me brave just now," Sherlock murmured. "I don't feel brave. But I have confidence in my writing for the first time in years. Maybe ever."
"Oh dear," Mrs Hudson fluttered. "I'm sure I'll manage, John. Mike has been so helpful, I'm sure if I ask, he'll be happy to stick around for a couple more days."
James held up the two books in his hand, "I have a couple of books and I don't know where to shelve them."
John blinked. "Nothing against your hospitality, I don't think I'd be able to sleep much in a strange house with you all the way down here. It's a..." he paused, looking for the right word. "It's a PTSD thing, if I'm honest. I'm pretty sure I'd have a panic attack if I did that."
John nodded. "And here's the thing..." he said nervously, tangling his fingers together, "he likes pretty boys."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "People tend to grab not from the left but in the middle. Think of it like the winners' podium in the Olympics. Gold in the middle, that's the first book in a series. Silver to the left, that's the second book. Bronze to the right, and that's the third book. And if the series has more than three,
John trudged up the stairs, his sports bag draped over his shoulder. He kicked in the door to the sitting room with his foot, the door had only been partially closed. He threw his bag on the floor and kicked it viciously for good measure.
Sherlock looked down at the blanket he had kicked away from himself when John came in, "Are you sure you won't mock me?"
John opened the door and was surprised. Sitting on the professor's desk was Sherlock staring at his hands. His attire was almost ordinary and the sentence was out of John's mouth before he could stop it, "I thought you were going to up the ante again with your outfit."
The whole class remained silent. Even Greg, who rarely made it class, ducked his head and hoped Mr Lyons wouldn't call him. Mycroft saw Greg shy away and made a decision.
money is tied up in keeping me at Baker Academy. Living here in England isn't cheap, in France we had land and horses and money."
Sherlock raised his head to look John in the eyes. But there was no lie in any of John's features. He covered his mouth and went "Oh!" He began running around their flat over turning things and rifling through the mess on the table John used as his desk.
He was adding the sauce over the top of the finished ones, when John came stumbling out in his clean pajamas.
Sherlock chuckled. "It can happen sometimes with families." He pulled another photo out his jacket breast pocket. He handed it to John. There holding a pipe, hair slicked back, and in Victorian style dress was a spitting image of the man John was currently sitting on. Down at the bottom in a untidy hand, read
Sherlock pulled a fistful of vinyl records off the shelf and thrust them at John, "These are the bands he listens to most often."
"But you are lucky," Mycroft said cheerfully. "My brother is an expert at judging good quality stories and is happy to step in."
John had never worked with someone about his stories and could only remember all the times that he had heard about writers having to fight for scenes because the editor didn't think they were necessary to the plot. He set his cane in the crook of his elbow so that he could wipe his hands on his jeans.
Mycroft had hated the look when he showed up for their mother's fiftieth birthday last year, feeling it was inappropriate. But it was perfect for this.
"One day, Mr Gruner, someone is going to bitch-slap you," Mr Lyons replied. "And I won't do a thing to stop it." He turned back to Mycroft. "And while we're on the subject of 'intelligent' writers, perhaps we should ask why there isn't
"I had been taking ballet for a few years when the other boys found out. They thought that they could pick on the twink fairy," Sherlock said with a grimace.
"It has always been a dream of mine to be a published author and now I'm standing here...I don't belong. Everyone is going to start laughing at me, finally letting me in on the joke," John said, starting to hyperventilate.
"When we weren't talking about his book, you are all he would talk about, to be honest," Greg said. "But, anyway, we were talking about it being ahead of its time and he suggested to me that you should rewrite it."
"No, darling. That's for you." The box has been there for two days. John knows Sherlock's been absolutely quivering with curiosity about it, but he hasn't said a word.
"You need something for your skin, love. It'll feel a little cold." John pulls a brown bottle of aloe juice from from bathroom cupboard and swabs it all over Sherlock's torso with cotton balls. Sherlock is silent through it all, just occasionally sighing and touching John's face wonderingly.
“Good. Then I’ll see you later. Don’t wake him. He needs the rest.” She patted John’s shoulder fondly. “He seems like a real nice fella.”
Soldier Boy moves just that much, enough that Sherlock’s lower lip catches momentarily on the rim of his ear. Sherlock breathes out hard, and backs off, his cheeks hot. Their eyes meet again, and there’s no question of what’s going to happen between them tonight. Now it’s only a question of where and how quickly.
“I thought I was an idiot." John inches closer, their bellies aligned, Sherlock’s expanding into John’s, contracting as John breathes against him, moving together like a circuit. Out of Sherlock, into John. Out of John, into Sherlock.
Jim advances on John, his head tilting to the side like a curious lizard. Runs his fingertip down the swoop of John's nose. John tries to wrench his head away, but there's no where for him to go. Horror is racing through Sherlock, his stomach churning.
The day everything finally happens starts as typically as any other day does for John and Sherlock. Wintery. Blustery. Grey. It's the day all - well,
"I thought the colour would set off your eyes. I've always thought you look especially gorgeous in green."
"So. So with men, then?" John hates how his voice squeaks, how he sounds embarrassed, because he's not, he's really not, but Christ, Sherlock's flicking the tip of his tongue over John's fingertips now and fuck, just
The stands are relatively empty, dotted with little clumps of spectators here and there. Sherlock does a quick inventory - he and Mike are the only Hufflepuffs. Everyone else watching belongs to the two houses scrimmaging. They take seats nearly at the top of the stadium, and Sherlock’s eyes are drawn immediately to John, who’s lazily drifting back and forth in front of the hoops as he instructs two of the other players about something.
A nurse walked in, her brow furrowed in concern and looked at Sherlock with questioning eyes. Sherlock smiled in what he hoped was a dismissive way, and mouthed
I’d arrived at my parents’ home already missing him terribly, and was in an inconsolably dreadful mood for several hours until I was able to go and view the scene of the murder. My mind was otherwise occupied once I had a case to concentrate on, and my melancholy dissipated for a few days.
“No need to be sorry, love.” While he is most definitely the dominant personality in this relationship, at least most of the time, John never wants Sherlock to fear him, to feel cowed or subjugated. “I’m just taking care of you, and you need to mind me. That's all. Are you going to mind me, Sherlock?”
"Of course, love." John kissed the end his finger, stared into those one of a kind eyes, which were now watching him with a sympathetic expression.
John lets his muscles relax, sinking both towards Sherlock and down into the mattress. His eyes close, shutting out the enticing visual of the dark hair tickling down his body, the birdlike shoulder blades sticking up sharp behind.
“I should hate you. I want to hate you. I really do. I want so badly to hate you.” John’s thumb drifted over Sherlock’s lip. He couldn’t believe he was being allowed this. Allowed to touch Sherlock like this. He expected at any moment for Sherlock to wrench away, shove John’s hand down to the bed. Instead, he seemed to be moving closer, leaning into John’s caress.
, John.” He huffs a laugh into John’s half open mouth. Stale breath, the traces of a secret cigarette after John fell asleep, lingering sweetness of red wine gone sour overnight.
“I know that. I do.” Sherlock whispers back, snuggling closer to John and slotting a knee between his thighs.
But now. Now Sherlock’s breathing in soft delicate pants, his normally rumbling baritone voice transformed into little mewling cries and shuddering whimpers. His belly is quivering, shoulders shaking, as he tries to keep holding himself up to watch John kissing along the inside of his leg.
“Better now.” He smiles, but it’s still tinged with worry. “I need to go check on the money. I feel...uneasy. Also, we need to get enough out to reserve this room for next week.”
The movement in front of him solidifies into a person shape, as Jim slinks his way out of the darkness, wrinkling his nose and wiping his mouth delicately with his index finger.
"Couldn't. I have selective hearing. Only important things." Sherlock tries hard not to smile, prodding John just enough to get a reaction. He enjoys pestering John far more than he should, probably.
He twists his fingers inside Sherlock, searching for his prostate, and finds the round protrusion with ease. He knows Sherlock’s body now, better than he knows his own. He brushes his fingertips over the little nub, just with the barest hint of pressure, and Sherlock immediately clenches tight and groans, rubbing his face into John’s hair and whimpering out incomprehensible words that sound vaguely like
“You don’t get to say what you agree to. I pay you and you do what I want, little boy.” The man’s grabbing at Sherlock’s jeans, trying to pull them off.
They're sitting at an uncomfortable angle for this, knees bashed together, waists twisted awkwardly. John can't touch Sherlock the way he wants to.
"Mycroft's people turn up anything overnight?" he said, watching a clot of confused tourists stumble back onto the kerb as a bus careened past them.
John helps him roll it and put it into a pan to rise, and they sit in the kitchen over cups of tea while the first loaf bakes and fills the flat with mouth watering aromas. John picks up Sherlock’s hand in both of his, and studies it, running his fingertips over the knuckles and kissing the calloused pads with a soft mouth. Finally, he threads his own fingers through Sherlock’s and rests their entwined hands on the table.
“I can’t. I can’t believe.” John sits on the edge of the bed, as though he can’t stand to even be as far away from Sherlock as his chair. He brushes Sherlock’s fringe out of his eyes and puts a kiss on his brow. “I didn’t think you would - ”
John pointed to the bag on the chair, and Sherlock fetched a bowl of warm water from the bathroom. He covered John’s legs with a blanket, and tried to sit on the edge of the bed. The angle was all wrong, his elbow twisted oddly to be able to reach John’s face without slicing into his skin.
The Denny’s was set in the rear of a wide flat strip mall. Parking lot mostly empty, with just a smattering of cars. Mounds of filthy snow were piled in the corners of the lot, black and grey, melting in mucky rivulets. Fuck, but this place was bleak.
They share long deep kisses, John pulling Sherlock’s lips between his own, Sherlock nibbling lazily at John’s tongue. He feels raw in all the right ways, like John has taken off a layer of him that didn’t belong and left him rubbed pink and shiny, brand new. John kisses him and kisses him, and doesn’t show any urgency at getting himself off, even though he’s hard and blood hot against Sherlock’s stomach.
Before Sherlock can respond, John is kissing him again, and Sherlock can feel the apology in it, in the way John pulls his lower lip into his mouth, the way John strokes the hair right above Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock sighs into John with every part of himself, twines around him, and pulls him close. They kiss and kiss, Sherlock’s fingers tracing patterns down John’s sweaty back, dipping into the spaces between his ribs, while John's busy taking Sherlock to pieces with just two fingers.
Sherlock’s chest filled with warmth at the welcome in John’s voice, the teasing affection that meant whatever you do, don’t stop. He allowed the heat that was tendrilling through him to shine out, looking at John from behind lowered lashes. Lowering his face to John’s soft cock, laying warm against his thigh, he nuzzled the velvet skin with his lips and murmured, “Apologising.”
He watches the pigeon, brown and white, sharp black beak, choking the hard chip down his throat, head jerking up towards the pale silvery sky. Sherlock's heart is still pounding.
Sherlock bent his head forward, stretching the back of his neck to give John more area to nuzzle. John responded immediately, opening his mouth and licking a wet path from Sherlock's collar up into his hair. Then his lips disappeared, leaving Sherlock's neck cold, and Sherlock heard the clink of ice as John sipped his drink. The lazy massaging of his scalp resumed and John sighed contentedly.
The look on Lestrade’s face is half consternation and half amusement as he slips out with a nod. “I’ll be in touch.”
“No. I don’t feel sorry for you. I’m not pitying you, Sherlock. It’s not some good samaritan bullshit.” John sucks his top lip into his teeth, his eyes wary and a bit glazed. “So can you just cut the shit and come here and let me sleep on you? Cause I’m really fucking knackered - it’s more tiring than you would think, being stabbed - and I just really want to lay with you. Can you just stop being so...whatever the hell you’re being right now, and just do that? And we’ll talk about everything later?
The air between them is rife with promise, crackling with the energy of everything that had been repressed between them for so long. John’s head is thick and buzzy, spinning with the first threads of real arousal. Now that the fear of imminent death has been lifted, he’s finding himself rather preoccupied with the idea of getting back to Baker Street as quickly as possible and making up for lost time.
to me, Sherlock.” Words again fail him, overwhelmed with the enormity of the love, the tenderness, the
safe. It's frankly terrifying. What if he gets it all wrong? He's not, historically, been good at this. He's learning to be, he’s beginning to understand how to navigate the wild storms that lurk inside of this man he loves so intensely, when to pull back and when to let out the sail, but it still requires so much thought and effort. John's always been a complex man, but now he's fragile and unpredictable as well, and Sherlock isn’t naturally empathetic.
“Oh.” John smiles, and this time it reaches his eyes. He inclines his forehead, rests it against Sherlock’s. “No. Not really hungry right now.”
“Yes, yes, of course.” Sherlock sets John’s hand down softly on the sheets, and leaps up from the bed so quickly that the mattress bounces.
Sherlock begins to tip them back to lay on the sofa, but John grips his biceps and pushes him back. "Bed. I want to see every part of you."
The old woman leans across the ambulance, puts a hand on his knee. Steadying. The ambulance jitters to the side, rocks as they go over a speed hump. “You can do it. Take his hand.”
He scrubs his hands over his face and yawns. With the warm heaviness of whiskey suffusing his limbs, he suddenly wants to lie down and shut his eyes. The sofa and the telly sound like the perfect solution. Just as he’s setting the mug back in the sink, Sherlock’s silhouette appears in the doorway, backlit by the soft yellow light in the sitting room. His hair is a riot, a halo of fuzzy tugged-on curls, his shirt cuffs undone, standing out winglike around his bony elbows.
He had once said John wasn't the most luminous of people. But that wasn't true at all. John had always glowed; with warmth and compassion, with intelligence and competence. John was clever in ways Sherlock could never be. In everyday ways. He had common sense. There was no way he couldn't realise what the texts meant, who they were from.
John doesn’t break eye contact. He sucks Sherlock with long languorous pulls, messy and wet and unpracticed. He licks at him with a flat tongue, licks down over his bollocks and tongues in between, rubs his cheek against him. Sherlock’s desire throbs deep and dark, low in his belly, spreading heat down the backs of his thighs. His blood feels like molasses, his muscles amorphous. He’s sliding apart, sinking into the bed, dissolving into nothingness.
“Of course.” John smiled back - absolutely oozing boyish charm. The moment she looked down, his eyes slid over to meet Sherlock’s, his expression shifting into a cocky lopsided smirk.
Sherlock fixed John with an incredulous stare. "She's in her eighties, John. What on earth do you think she'll be busy with? Knitting? I think she can manage to squeeze us in."
The memory of it aches, makes his chest tight. They were so young, and already both so broken. Somehow, when they were together, neither of them felt that way. John thought he’d found the love of his life, that somehow together they could make themselves whole again.
John twists in Sherlock’s arms, so he can see that beloved face, sleep flushed and translucent, his kiss reddened mouth turned up in a crooked smile. Their knees bump, Sherlock’s foot weaving in between John’s ankles. John touches Sherlock’s mouth, slides his fingertips along one graceful cheekbone.
“I like it. Don't stop being jealous.” Sherlock can’t remember the last time things were this good. It can’t possibly last, and he knows it...but maybe a few more drinks and he’ll forget. Maybe he'll find some of John's relentless positivity buried within the darkness roiling at his core. The bartender comes over finally. “Tequila shots. Yeah?”
Two pairs of socked feet resting next to each other on a rickety coffee table, the blue flicker of the television. Sherlock’s head heavy and solid on John’s shoulder. A greying beard in the bathroom mirror.
. John’s voice reverberates in him, pleading and insistent. Those enormous eyes silently begging him to assent.
There was a heavy exhalation, a sigh, and then the weight of Sherlock's head settled on John's hands, still enclosed in Sherlock's much larger ones. His curls fell across John's forearm, and John sucked in air, trying to fill his lungs. Sherlock's head was on his arm. He just couldn't comprehend any of this.
him. He can barely tolerate his own building desire. He shifts his hips, trying to adjust his erection, which is pressing uncomfortably against the zipper of his too tight jeans.
John breathes through his nose, his skin too tight. "I have been so fucking self involved. I never even asked. What happened to you, why you couldn't contact me all that time...I never
It’s raining harder now. A steady thudding against window, the ringing of rain against the metal bins out back.
“You seem quite comfortable with the idea.” Sherlock crossed the room and perched on the edge of the bed. He brushed his fingers over John’s hand, and John threaded his fingers in between.
"Did you get any sleep today?" John snapped, meaning to sound concerned, and sounding irritated instead.
John couldn’t comprehend it. He tried to imagine being so angry at Sherlock that he would have hurt him, and he just couldn’t. There was never a moment, never, when he would have wanted to cause Sherlock harm like that. He would have done anything in the world to keep him from it, in fact. Though, in the end, it hadn’t mattered.
John bites his lip, looks down where their pinkies are still touching, shoulders pressed together. "Do you
“I won’t. I’m fine.” John abruptly shut his mouth against the rising wave of nausea, and curled up on his side with his face against the back of the seat. He couldn’t sit up. “Just. Drive.”
"Well, it's just, you know. Breathing." Sherlock doesn't take his legs from round John's hips, though.
"Good." John dares another grin, and Sherlock feels himself grinning back. Something soft unfurls inside him, something dangerously vulnerable. This is a bit not good, this kind of trust in another person, but it feels inevitable. It feels right.
"I wanted to. So many times, and then...I just didn't, and I had no idea. John, I had no idea. I thought...I never thought that you...that my loss would affect you like this." Sherlock was fumbling for words. His voice was caramel, hot tea, a warm blanket over John's legs on a chilly night at Baker Street. It was low and gentle, and tentative, saturated with sorrow and love and worry. It was home.
is why I’ve never thought I had to say it back, to parrot out formulaic overused words that mean nothing to us, to what we are. I thought you
Jim's mouth curls into a cruel smirk, and he shoves Sherlock hard against the wall before releasing his throat and stepping back. Sherlock rubs at his neck, gasping, the tears in his eyes from Jim's words or Jim's hand, he's not sure. Both. He can't stop shaking. He wipes at his mouth with the back of his hand, trying to erase the taste of Jim's tongue.
John tucks his mouth and nose in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, half kissing him, as he finds a rhythm. Their limbs are completely entangled, John not even sure whose legs are whose as they fill the room with the sounds of their lovemaking - Sherlock’s delicate gasps mingling harmoniously with John’s harsher groans and growls.
“I know who you are.” Sherlock’s voice was reverential, hushed. “You’re Captain John Hamish Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. You’re the most talented doctor I’ve ever had the privilege to watch at work. You’re the person who saved me from myself, and other things, so many times, in so many ways. You’re the best and wisest man I’ve ever known. You’re my best friend...and...so much more than that.”
- stretched myself for you. You like that thought?” John was far more than half hard now, and he adjusted himself in his suddenly far too tight jeans.
"It's - fine." John pants, heaving a trunk packed with books into the van and flopping down next to it. "Movers are expensive. We don't have Mycroft to foot the bills anymore."
“You’re always starving,” Rose says teasingly, looking up from rubbing Alchemy’s belly and grinning. “If you weren’t always playing Quidditch, you’d weigh about twenty stone.”
“Good.” And it did, it hurt. It hurt gloriously, as Sherlock hitched his hips up and wrapped his arms around John’s waist, smearing blood across his stomach. It was rough and brutal and perfect, Sherlock’s teeth scraping across his back, his nails raking over his chest and stomach. John’s bollocks rested heavy in the crease of Sherlock’s pressed together thighs, his cock wet and throbbing. He had to come. He slipped his left hand down, trailed his fingers down the length of his cock, smearing precome over his palm, and then finally, gave himself a long awaited tug. The touch on his aching cock so mind bendingly good that he would have keeled forward completely except for Sherlock’s hands on his chest, the nails digging half moon welts into his skin as Sherlock’s hips rocked a bit faster.
Mrs Hudson shook her head, a bemused ruby red smile spreading across her face. "He's your husband for goodness sake, Sherlock. I swear I don't know what on earth you two talk about."
“I know. I’m sorry.” Sherlock speaks soft into John’s hair, his voice raspy with emotion. He’s glad John can’t see his face, the red rims of his eyes, the moisture gathered at the corners.
“That’s my boy. Always need your sweets, don’t you?” John crosses the kitchen, pulls a half eaten pack of chocolate and caramel biscuits from the cupboard and sets it on the table, “Eat as many as you want while I’m washing up, and then I’m putting you to bed. You need to sleep.”
. That’s what it was about. It was about embarrassing Sherlock in front of someone who might possibly be more to him than James had been. It was petty and cruel, two things at which James excels. And it had worked. Sherlock can barely look John in the eye - all he wants to do is sink into the ground and never emerge.
“You’re so good, baby.” John turned toward him, pressing his hot mouth to Sherlock’s forehead. “I love you.”
“Oh god. This is...Can I?” He barely recognised his own voice as his fingers traced a line on Sherlock’s bloody arm, above the first cut. His chest was bursting, air seemed to be in short supply as he gasped and panted, trying to get enough oxygen to think clearly.
Sherlock’s sucking gently on the tendon in John’s neck, and it’s not even close to hard enough. “You can - harder. You can, if you want.”
. John’s right here, smelling like shampoo and sweat and new clothes. He turns, nose bumping John’s, kisses him messily, bites down on his lower lip, and John arches up with a gasp, his arms tightening around Sherlock’s neck. His scalp tingles, heat curling down the back of his neck, John’s tongue in his mouth, between his teeth, sucking on the little tip of it. John making wonderful breathy noises against his mouth, his hips hitching closer closer, seeking out friction, heat. Sherlock’s hands close around his waist and he can feel every muscle writhing tensing rippling as John arcs his back.
"I bet your dick's as pretty as your face," John deftly undoes Sherlock's jeans with three fingers, and pushes them down just far enough to shove his hand in and pull Sherlock's cock out. He whines with pleasure, wraps his hand around Sherlock without preamble and begins to stroke, “Fuck, god, every part of you is gorgeous. I want you to fuck me with your pretty perfect cock.”
“Well, get out of that beautiful brain of yours and come ‘ere.” John patted his hands on his bare lap and then held his arms out to me.
Then John’s hand was flat against his chest, pushing him back. He withdrew, half relieved that he wasn’t the one who had to choose to stop, and half disappointed that they were. “Alright?”
After that, they talked about everything. They talked about music and art, about books and science. Sometimes Sherlock would play his violin as John listened, spellbound and barely breathing. They talked about their childhoods, difficult siblings and distant parents. Sherlock made John laugh, harder than he’d ever laughed in his life, at things that shouldn’t even be funny. John made Sherlock laugh too, which always felt like a victory.
John laughs, and his shoulders drop a little as they round the corner of the building and set off across a lot where grass is trying to grow amidst the rubbish. “Hounslow. No where special at all.”
“Sweetie, c’mon, lovie,” she crooned to the disfigured bulldog. As she opened the backdoor to the pathetically small garden, she looked down and said, “Hey, there’s a huge parcel here.”
Lestrade cuddled her closer to him, knowing what she was thinking about. “And then there’s the crap about MI-6 separating John and Mary from their daughter instead of bringing her back to them after they rescued her from that bastard Moriarty.” He never minced words when it came to Jim Moriarty. “No, actually, I understand perfectly why Sherlock has a strained relationship with Mycroft. He’s stone-cold, heartless, an utter machine. I knew that much before I knew he was high-up in MI-6. When I first met
“Hey,” John smiled at them both while dog-earring the page he had been on. “And hey you, come here, boy,” he whistled for his dog. Sweetie galloped towards him and John enthusiastically rubbed his head and belly.
“And either your brother or mother will pick the lock,” his father put his hands inside the pockets of his own dressing robe. “But rest assured. You will not go away from the table hungry.”
She wanted to rip off his ruined, blood-stained shirt, wanted to see and touch every single scar. Wanted his gorgeous, elegant fingers, musician’s fingers, to run through her hair then pulling it as he tilted her head back up for a kiss.
That little comment pushed John over the edge. “Alright, you pretentious dick, since you insist on behaving like an arsehole, hey, eyes up here.
child recruits of the Red Headed League. Mary had lied, said she couldn’t tolerate staying at 221B Baker Street. In reality, she used her time at Molly’s to set up a contingency plan in case Mycroft felt the need to detain her.
At those words, Evie Payne-Ellis lost any semblance of calm and control. She screamed ineffectively against the gag and struggled against her bonds.
Sherlock’s folder was the thickest, of course, and it kept growing. When she had been assigned to profile Mycroft Holmes and his family back in 2008, she had dismissed Sherlock as Mycroft’s immature, junkie brother. No one of significance.
“The nurse,” Mycroft murmured before finishing his tea. Violet took the opportunity to take another fortifying swallow as well. As delicious as the tea was, she heartily wished it was scotch.
But John knew the boys selected this flat not for its size but because it was affordable and because of its location. After all, with all the quirky cafés and riverside bookshops, what university student could resist the Bohemian siren song of the Latin Quarter?
we like, around the corner down the street, the bright pink house,” her mouth crooked up in a half-smile. “The house you said looked like a wedding cake.”
Sally twisted her swollen, blood-encrusted hands around again, reaching up to feebly scratch at the plywood once more. She tried to call out, “Here, I’m here,” but again, her voice was nothing more than a reedy gasp.
“You would have been convicted and left to rot in prison if Magnussen’s murder had ever seen the light of a court room.”
Sherlock stopped dead in front of John, locking his eyes on John’s. In a terse voice, he told him “According to Lestrade, Mason accused her of overstepping boundaries.”
“I didn’t know until the precise moment Mary turned around and I saw her face. Before she did that, I thought she was Lady Smallwood at first. They wear the same perfume and are the same height. But yes, I deduced why Mary was going to kill Magnussen when she turned around. I asked Mary to please let me help her, but apparently I wasn’t convincing enough.”
He pounded on the bedroom door. “Open up, your man’s dead,” he shouted. “No one’s coming to save you, bitch.” He pressed his ear against the door, heard nothing. Not even crying. Odd. They always wept in the end. “Don’t make this harder than it has to be,” he sighed, backing up to kick this door in as well. These modern flats and their flimsy doors.
.” She clasped his wrist. “That picture in the Daily Mail of her dolled up in that fantastic electric blue dress didn’t do her a bit of justice. You couldn’t see her face. I’m dying of curiosity. Do you have a picture of her on your mobile?”
“Yeah, I gave up a career in shit to pursue…. A career in shit,” she snorted. Then she shrugged as she resumed cleaning the bar, “Same reason why you and the rest of the guys joined the military. I love my country and wanted to serve it.”
“Oh God, now you’ve done it,” John had moaned seconds before Sherlock had launched into one of his fiercest diatribes since Anderson had mucked up a major crime scene.
“Why the fuss?” Mitton interrupted her as she sat down. He took the proffered glass from her with a genuinely appreciative, “Thanks,” and took a long drink. After wiping water from his lips with the back of his hand, he said, “Because it was supposed to be a covert mission, of course. Sherlock made a right dog’s dinner out of it. Cost a fortune.”
Between his recent bout of illness and being busy with the Rucastles and the Burned Girls cases, he had actually forgotten about Victor…
Once the cops and would-be robber departed, Sherlock mumbled something to Lestrade that sounded like a Thank You for helping him keep Gladstone. Lestrade rubbed the back of his neck and mumbled, “Yeah, well least I could do. Was Violet’s dog after all so…” he had trailed off then cleared his throat. “I’m knackered, shall we?” He had jerked his head towards the door.
“Because it isn’t a key, it’s a digital tour guide, showing you how to get around the darkest, scariest parts of the Internet.” ” Violet slid off the stool. “This code would do more harm than good in the hands of someone like your brother or what’s left of Moriarty and Magnussen’s organizations.”
“Can’t imagine why,” Stella glowered at Sherlock. “See you at the house,” she snarled as she threw the car back into drive.
” She smirked, “My German was always stronger than my French so when I came across Operation von Blücher in my research, I knew exactly what that meant.”
Violet rose from her piano bench, smiling at the detective-inspector, hiding her discomfort as Lestrade let Sherlock go to hug her.
“Oh, the coffins?” Marie rolled her eyes. “Yeah, that’s his trademark. He likes to hide bodies of his victims inside of coffins. So there are two corpses at the funeral and two corpses at the burial. The guest of honor and the unknown stowaway. No one is the wiser.”
“Oh yeah, the more the merrier,” John groused. “And Sherlock would encourage her addictions, not dissuade her. I don’t think he’d be the best guest at an intervention.” He stood up and started clearing the table, “As if any of the interventions have ever worked.”
Clarissa sobbed. “A v-vest, like… like what the suicide bombers wear.” Her voice shook like mad now. “I’ve got a bomb strapped to me.”
“Great to see you too, Hope,” Anthea said in a perfectly bland American accent. She took off the pink knitted cap off of the roly-poly girl’s head and fluffed the wispy blond curls. “Here she is.”
Sherlock’s selfish internal diatribe stopped when he realized people were taking pictures of him holding the baby… and of Violet sitting next to him.
But Gagnon rolled his eyes, “I already have an enthusiastic amateur sniffing around this case,” he reminded him. “Dupin.”
He was acutely aware of Violet watching him as he started undoing his belt and zip. “Roll over and face the wall while I change into my pyjamas.”
Hating herself, but her drive to survive outweighing her morals, Violet limped towards the expensive car then slowly slid next to it, keeping her head down the entire time. She rapped against the driver’s window.
“America,” the Professor said promptly. “Salt Lake City to be precise, a closed adoption, unfortunately, but with the Moriarty Code, I can crack that wide open. Nothing would give me more pleasure than to return your little girl to your loving arms.” When neither John nor Mary budged, the Professor wheedled, “How many times has Sherlock promised to find her and has failed to do so? How many hollow reasons has Mycroft given you why he can’t exercise the power to bring a British citizen who was illegally adopted by an American family back to her home country and reunite her with her natural parents, hmm? Sherlock only cares about his image and getting his next fix, be it drugs or the thrill of the chase. Mycroft only cares about keeping the power he has and obtaining even more; for him it’s all about control. I care about you. I care about everyone involved in my business. Happy workers are productive workers. And I need practical busy bees in my hive. Think about it, won’t you?”
Donovan never saw the owners, whose names were painstakingly etched into the glass of the front door. She usually dealt with Arthur, the man who manned the front desk and was the de facto office manager even though his official job title was Receptionist.
“Violet said they’re telling everyone it was a mistake; he was sleep-deprived and emotionally overwrought so he miscalculated the dosage, but…”
Shezza would be heartbroken if Dr. Watson left… but on the other side, rumor had it he was quite cozy with his new squeeze, the ginger that had been hanging off the side of the Wobbly Bridge with him last March. Didn’t know what she really looked like, she could be a real munter for all Wiggins could tell. But she sounded pleasant enough on the phone when she had called him claiming that Shezza had a job for him. Or at the very least, she hadn’t sounded homicidal, which was a good thing, in Wiggins’ book that is. He had about had it with
“There was a reason why you and Sherlock ate so much take-away when you were flat-mates,” she hesitantly reminded him. John had to agree. John couldn’t cook and Sherlock… wouldn’t.
“Can’t depend on the Tube when I need to rush to one court room from another,” Harry said airily, although John could tell she was secretly pleased by the praise.
“Stupid me for trusting you to add me once we were properly and legally married, oh wait, we never got married, we had a civil commitment ceremony because it wasn’t legal for us to be married at the time,” Harry thumped herself on the side of the head. “Of course, you had kicked me to the kerb by the time it became legal for us to marry.”
He came to later, lying in his bloody T-shirt and jeans in an unheated, damp cellar of some abandoned building. Obviously they left him to die. They left him because they
Then John Mitton’s eyes flew open when he realized he had voluntarily touched his face for the first time in
“Shh,” Neil shushed “Grace,” his eyes darting around, observing everything. Not wanting anything to distract him, he opted to not put the colored contact lenses back in. He knew his tri-colored eyes were memorable, but he gambled on the general public being its usual unobservant entity. He also knew the spectacles he wore helped conceal his identity. He knew many scoffed at the “Clark Kent Disguise.” He also knew for a fact that when John Watson had met “Violet Smith” all those months ago, he did not notice her piercing green-gold eyes at first. He had noticed her eyeglasses, without even realizing the lenses were not corrective.
After what felt like the longest silence in the history of the world, Lestrade finally asked, “What did John say, Sherlock? What did he say that triggered the relapse?”
“Um,” John struggled to get the meeting back on track before the brothers ended up in another row. Going for his best ‘Dr. Watson’ tone, he asked “What information are we looking for then?”
After reducing both the Countess and her maid Catherine to puddles of tears for their stupidity, Sherlock had stormed out of the suite, announcing he couldn’t think when he was surrounded by a lot of imbeciles. His mercurial eyes then spied a battered old balaclava, lying by the lift, as if it had been forgotten. With his gloved hands, Sherlock snatched the knitted hat up, stuffed it into the pocket of his Belstaff. “Come along John,” he had said when the lift doors opened up.
John thought as he took his drink and the drink intended for Violet. He downed both of them, then kissed Mary full on the mouth.
And John doubted very much it was an accident he hit his head when he was pushed into the waiting squad car.
John, recalling all the times Sherlock had to be fished out of the Thames plus all the other gruesome stains the Belstaff had acquired over the years, grumbled, “Coat’s been through worse than a bit of dirty water.”
Allowing her to continue running her fingers through his hair, to press her body closer to his had also absolutely nothing to do with the fact that it simply felt good to him as well…
“Absolutely nothing,” John sat up as well, wincing as his back and shoulder reminded him what he had just experienced in the Catacombs. “Now, grab a blanket before you freeze to death,” he kindly ordered him as he fluffed the pillows behind him.
Before Molly could say anything more, Mrs. Holmes and Mrs. Hooper returned to the lounge. “Now,” Mrs. Holmes sat down on an armchair. “I want you ladies to tell me every embarrassing story about my boy that you know and I will tell you all the embarrassing stories about him when he was young.”
Violet backhanded her. As a federal agent, she had never ever touched a suspect she had interrogated. It was against the regulations to do so.
They sat in silence; the only other sounds were the leaky tap in the kitchen and the beginning of sleet lashing the windowpanes. Then Violet said again, in a low, fierce tone, “I don’t want you to go to France.”
He did as he was commanded until he was out of arm’s reach of her. Only then lifted his eyes and saw the same cold, dead face Sherlock Holmes saw the night Mary put a bullet in his chest. Browner felt his bowels liquefy as his throat seized up. He knew without a shred of doubt, this woman would kill him. He also knew she wouldn’t feel bad about it.
you.” He clasped his hand behind his back again, “Six million pounds for me, but ten million American dollars for Moriarty? Even though, after the exchange, there’s only an 888,001pound difference (give or take the random penny); I must confess, I’m a little insulted,” he sighed dramatically.
, John had clean forgotten what little he had learned in secondary school. But he had never been any great shakes at languages. He had always gotten his lowest marks in French when he was a schoolboy. He knew Latin by-proxy because of his medical training and he had learned enough Pashto to scrape by during his time in Afghanistan.
John had given her a powerful sedative after he had stitched her up and they had brought her back to Baker Street. Sherlock had carried her up the stairs. Later, he had held her, much like this, trying to chase away the bad dreams that plagued her even in her drug-induced slumber.
Rat Boy duck-walked to the back of the van and threw the doors as Lisbeth fumbled for her laptop and smartphone. “Dammit,” she muttered, looking at her smashed laptop.
“You’re really not helping,” Violet rubbed the bridge of her nose as Mary started to tremble uncontrollably.
, Sherlock had ordered her as he took out a snowy-white handkerchief from his coat pocket and gently held it to her bleeding cheek…
Merci beaucoup to Lucanael Del Sayan again for helping me with my crap French. Everyone should check out her Harry Potter fics if any of you are in that fandom. Also thanks to cadogan not just for beta'ing but also for her comments, especially the comments for this chapter. I feel like I should share some of her commentary, I was deaded when I read them! :^)
“Not giving you any pity,” John said as lightly as he could while a huge lump formed in his throat. “And it’s a good thing you’re not on your own anymore, isn’t it?”
“In a manner of speaking,” Sherlock sidestepped her question. “Hurry,” he looked at his watch again and frowned as he pushed her into the blackened room, slipping his mobile into her hands so she could use that as a torch.
. She was going to stay put, go to school, make friends, play with the dog and burn microwave popcorn.
, John thought as the girl also smelt a bit ripe. “If memory serves, I think there’s some Epsom salts in the cupboard below the sink. That will help with the muscle aches.” As the girl eyed him with narrowed, suspicious eyes, he added lightly, “And be sure to lock the door for privacy so one of us doesn’t walk in to use the toilet while you’re in the bath. That would be embarrassing for all of us, don’t you think?”
So as the two friends escaped a mundane dinner party in England, Peters cruised down I-90 in pursuit of his estranged wife in his rented SUV.
“He needs those bandages changed regularly and we need to get him started on the antibiotics plus make sure he stays on schedule for his pain meds or else he’s going to find out what
“Makes you uncomfortable, doesn’t it?” John had not been able to resist one more dig. “Being in this situation, the aftermath of an overdose? Not the first time for you, is it?”
Both men, tall, heavily muscled and skilled in military combat, had received word that the Third Wave had been executed and deemed a success. Sources stated that “Miss Smith” had been called to consult on the crime scene (the Met was so delightfully easy to infiltrate.) Miss Smith had also been seen at St. Bart’s, waiting for Mrs. Watson to finish her shift. She had been on her mobile most of the time, presumably with Holmes. So in all likelihood, Dr. Watson had learned about his sister’s demise. It was presumed that he and Holmes would be on the first flight out of Paris.
“Start by staying safe for a few more weeks, Mitton,” Violet had turned around in the front seat, kneeling now so she could face him.
A few people passed her, but they didn’t pay attention to her, too consumed with the excitement of watching the White Sox play against the Angels while downing beers and hot dogs.
“Look,” Chibs strove for conciliatory. “We understand and appreciate that she’s your friend’s daughter. But the risk she’s bringing to the club, our club, SAMCRO,” he shook his head. “It’s too much. We can’t do the patch-over if she’s part of the deal and  the Devil’s Foot is not going to survive without us.”
“Normal,” he grunted in satisfaction. As he straightened up, he explained, “There was some concern about the severity of your injuries. The first responders said you were disorientated, confused and then you lost consciousness.”
“Yes,” Victor said, “Jepthro Rucastle is her father, noted fashion designer and CEO of Persephone Ltd. Her mother was always just called Ellie Cullen before she was married, but her full name was Lady Elise Cullen-Culpepper. Her cousin is-”
But Bodley still stared at her suspiciously, running his tongue over the top of his teeth with his mouth closed. Molly realized he had used the incorrectly delivered greeting card as a ruse to come to her office. It had probably been sitting on his desk for quite some time.
Sherlock  only smiled. “This is now mine,” he patted the silvery, thin computer. “And this,” he pointed down to the gym bag he stood on. “Did you really think I wouldn’t notice you had nicked pages out of our files?” He examined his nails in an exaggerated manner. “Oh, I do think the police would not be pleased if you stole evidence from an ongoing investigation.”
John snorted, “Dickhead. But you’re right, of course.  I can barely keep my eyes open.” He rolled his head over, wincing as his stiff neck protested.
“Hey, you,” the MI-6 agent addressed John as he cringed away from Lestrade’s handcuffs. “You’re the doctor, right? Can’t you fix me up? Please? I’m bleeding like a stuck pig!”
Lestrade kept stealing looks at Sherlock and Violet out of the corner of his eye as one of Mycroft’s minions drove them to St. Bart’s.
“He agrees with me,” a bit of the arrogance returned to Sherlock’s face and voice. “He believes the top priority is to get you back home. We can sort out the tedious emotional entanglements when you are no longer being pursued like a fox trying to outrun hunting hounds.”
Instead, she continued to ply Mrs. Holmes with more wine and continued asking her about “her boys.” In all honestly, if Sherlock hadn’t sent his cryptic text, Violet would have wound up at John and Mary’s terrace house anyhow.
“He won’t stay here, you know that. Let me go with him,” Violet pleaded, her hand squeezing Sherlock’s mobile.
John let himself in. Shutting the door behind him, he let the rucksack slide off his shoulder. “Susie?” he called out. “Mary? Anyone home?”
know about your role in Magnussen’s death. If what actually happened here on Christmas Day two years ago is released to the public, it is the undoing of us
“Look, I’m sorry. I know you loved your grandsons. But Richard Brook was mentally ill, he had a severe case of obsessive-compulsion disorder coupled with a narcissistic tendenc-”
. “Sherlock, I’m not in the water. Not anymore, you saved me. I’m here.” He grazed Sherlock’s cheekbone with the back of his knuckles without thinking. “I’m right here.”
Violet knew exactly what Mycroft was asking. “No. Mary’s not answering her mobile; she may be at work though,” she pointed out, not wanting Mycroft to leap to conclusions. “And I haven’t told Sherlock or John yet. But I saw paparazzi and journalists as I arrived. Harry and Clara live in a very posh area. It’s only a matter of time before the news gets out.”
“Former junkie, remember,” Sherlock muttered, tightening his grip. “I know my way around a needle, now sit still.” True to his word, Sherlock expertly pulled the IV from John’s vein smoothly with very little pain. He quickly fished out a snowy white handkerchief out of his trouser pocket. He let the needle and tubing drop to the floor as he pressed his handkerchief to the tiny puncture wound in the thin skin of John’s hand. As John pressed the handkerchief to his palm, Sherlock located Elastoplast in the innocuous looking drawers that apparently held medical supplies. Before John could blink or utter another word, Sherlock had taken the handkerchief away and bandaged John’s hand as quick and neat as one could please.
She still heard his delusional ranting and raving while he had been suffering withdrawal in her dreams. Dreams, not nightmares. Not the most pleasant of dreams to be sure. But they served to remind her there was a good man with a greater heart hidden deep beneath  the layers of cool logic and deductive reasoning and icy reserve…
“Oh my God,” Violet once again massaged her exhausted eyes with her fingers. Then she pressed her palms together and muttered “OK,” to herself.  Turning around, she walked back towards Sherlock. Instead of sitting next to him on the couch, she moved his mug and sat down directly in front of him. Wetting her upper lip with the tip of her tongue, her hands reached out, retreated, fingers curling in hesitation as she screwed her eyes tightly shut, obviously mentally reviewing her argument. Then her eyes snapped open, tiger’s eyes, glittery green and fiery gold.
“Oh…” John’s mouth dropped open a bit. “That’s right. It was a year ago you went off like a cock in pursuit of Anderson by yourself.” Then his face hardened. “Sherlock, tell me that you have someone going with you when you go after Violet. Look at the mess you got yourself into a year ago when you pranced off by yourself on a case.”
“I don’t have anything,” Susan whispered as her eyes welled up, partially from fear, partially from humiliation. She twisted the hem of the hoodie. “These all belonged to the lady who used to live here with Sherlock before she…err… went away or died or something, dunno, he wouldn’t tell me what happened to her.” She sniffed, still trying not to burst into tears, “Just said she wouldn’t mind.”
Sighing heavily, he forces himself to look away, and surreptitiously licks the blood from his mouth. Yes, N.E.W.T.s are much more important.
“Shhh. It’s okay.” Sherlock squeezed John’s fingers, gently, because they were still viciously bruised, and brought them to his mouth. “How about we agree on something?”
“You okay? With - everything?” John turns so they’re facing each other, trails a hand over the pale curve where Sherlock’s ribs end. “You took your shirt off.”
A growl builds in his belly, arousal coming back full force at the look on John's face, and he grabs the condom from him and rips it open, kneels up as much as he can with the bunk above him, and rolls it on, drips lube hastily over himself and his fingers, smooths it over John.
"Educated guess. I do know you fairly well." John stretches up, kisses under Sherlock's hair, keeps up his easy pace stroking him. "Shall we put it to use?"
They don't bother showering, just pull on dirty tee shirts and pants and throw dressing gowns over their shoulders. Sherlock boils the water and John grabs two beers out of the fridge. Sherlock doesn't normally drink beer, but he takes a long swig when John hands him the bottle and clinks it against John's. "Cheers."
They stare at each other for a moment, Sherlock unable to look away from the lightning shaped grey streaks in those indigo eyes, the sweep of long golden eyelashes around them. They’re the most interesting eyes Sherlock’s ever seen. John finally lifts his eyebrows and sniffs, breaking whatever spell had come over them. He clears his throat and sits back down.
Sherlock writhes and whimpers louder, seeking more friction against his cock as he arches up desperately into John’s hand.
I both laughed and moaned at his suggestion, for it was, of course, precisely what I wanted. John and I were two halves of the same mind, as much in our personal life as in our professional one. Naturally he would discern immediately my aim. “Yes, oh, yes, John, please.”
"Case. Lestrade called early. Your door was shut. Didn't want to wake you." Sherlock's eyes flick down to his lap, and then back up at John.
Then he’d talk himself out of it. He’d taken Sherlock’s pulse, seen the blood and the white flecks of bone and brain across the sidewalk. It was impossible.
“If you want to know the truth,” John brushes a lock of hair from Sherlock’s ear, traces the helix with his fingers. “Since you’ve been back, I’ve felt like I was cheating on
“Okay, love, let me just -” John slides his hand off of Sherlock’s prick and massages over his bollocks, slips two fingers into the cleft of his arse. He circles them slowly around that lovely tight furl of muscle, and Sherlock arches, squeezing his arse and his thighs tight as his back lifts off the mattress. John pushes the tip of his middle finger inside, just that much, and sucks at the sweet tender skin under Sherlock’s jaw. “You’re perfect, just perfect. You feel so good.”
Sherlock stops immediately, his hand over John's wildly thumping heart, and looks at him with wide eyes. "I don't like that. I don't want to make you cry, John. Why are you going to cry?"
“Oh, John. It feels so good. Please, please,” Sherlock gasped brokenly, his entire body alight with desire.
John bends down and kisses Sherlock's bare arse as he's buttoning his shirt. "Go get a shower, gorgeous. I'm starving."
there, waiting all night to be said. Since they went to the bank that morning. Since John gave him half his sandwich the day before. Since the first time those blue black eyes drew him in.
John shakes off these dark, self-recriminating thoughts as Sherlock curls a hand at him in invitation. The water is the perfect temperature, right on the edge of too hot, little pools of scented oil floating on the surface. John lowers himself down between Sherlock’s knees, leans back into the familiar plane of his chest, the intimacy of sharing a bath like this almost more intense than sex. It’s caretaking. It’s comfort.
Greg turned to Mycroft and the devastation he saw on the other boy's face was like a physical pain in Greg's chest.
"Just to make sure I have this clear," Sebastian said, lacing his fingers together on the table in front of him and leaning forward on his elbows, "you want compensation for both shipments that were printed incorrectly, plus lost revenue. And then you wanted a 15% discount for the next five years as reparations, do I have that correct?"
Sherlock buried his head in his hands. "I'm not going to exploit an innocent, even if he has offered himself up as sacrificial lamb."
John took his phone back and began putting it together again, "I would have run away a long time ago if it wasn't for Mum."
In case you are all wondering the part the last chapter originally went to was John saying "Sherlock!" and whirling around.
"Oh, for Christ's sake! Go snog the hell out of him before the both of you perish from pining," Greg growled.
"Of all the days..." Greg murmured and then shook his head. He sat down and looked Sherlock square in the eye. "What's up?"
"Look," Sherlock said sternly. "I recorded this whole meeting to ensure that Jim would leave me alone–"
Sherlock grabbed his bag and led the way to Greg’s office. He tossed his bag on the floor and threw himself into a nearby chair. Greg closed the door behind him and sat down in his own chair.
Mike shrugged. "Our one year dating anniversary is on the sixteenth anyway, so it's not a big deal. She got that day off, so that's all that really matters."
"Well of course did!" Mike said with a laugh. "No one ever treated him like you did, John. He had no idea how long you'd stay."
"I'm sure things aren't as bad as you're making them out to be," Mike said consolingly. "Just give it a day, and you'll be fine."
Just then their food arrived, Angelo bringing the meal out himself. He waited until they took the first bite and once he got their approval, went merrily back to the kitchen.
Sherlock's heart nearly stopped. He had merely been flirting up to this point and he could feel the balance tip toward something else.
"You did this. Not me." He threw the last of his things into the bag. He spotted Sherlock's scarf on the floor and picked it up. "You know, I've been seeing the signs all weekend. But I kept thinking it was all one-sided. Plus all that bullshit with you being so awful to Sherlock. It was there in front of me the whole time." He shoved the scarf in his pocket.
Sherlock dropped the note so that he could touch. Oh, the touch. It was better than anything he could have dreamed up. He wrapped himself around the man who had shown him what it meant to be human.
The blond started to walk over, but a single glare from Greg made John turn around. "Maybe another time," he said to Mike, who nodded sagely.
Mike paused. Obviously there was more to it than that, but he could tell John didn't want to talk about it and quietly got into the passenger seat.
"The shortened title tests better in focus groups of not only viewers, but sponsors as well," Sally whined.
So my partner keeps telling me. And yes, it is set for four books. When I wrote "Griffin's Steps" it was originally meant to be a trilogy, but when I expanded the story, it became clear that it wouldn't fit into three books.
"Ain't nothing wrong with that," Greg pointed out. "So do you want to take this relationship further?"
Whenever John was sitting down and Sherlock would walk past, he would brush his fingertips along the fringe of hair at the base of John's neck. It had the unfortunate side effect of driving John wild. His imagination ran amok with visions of other scenarios where Sherlock would have cause to run his fingers through John's hair.
"No, install car stereos," Mycroft snarked, "Of course, play in a band." He turned to glare out the window. "It's not like Mummy would let me."
"You have a small team going from place to place debunking old houses and the like of ghosts," Sherlock further explained.
That was John's cue. He stepped up between the two men and grinned. "Excuse me, but I am standing right here."
Christmas dawned and Mike went around rousing sleepyheads from their beds, squealing like a child and shouting "Wake up, wake up! How can you still be in bed? It's Christmas!" He wouldn't leave until every one of them was downstairs and seated around an already blazing fire.
"Hell yeah, it is. But I'll tell you what, Jeff, let's you and I go back to my table, have a few beers with me and my friends, we can talk about our military service. I'm a former RAMC and we've got an Army engineer and a couple Navy blokes if you want to join us."
"We were both taught dance, singing, an instrument; violin for me, cello for Mycroft. Uh...fencing, figure drawing, horseback riding, um...I took up boxing a bit in high school."
Sherlock shrugged even though Mycroft couldn't see him, "Better terms than that meeting should have allowed for, certainly, but I'm not sure it could be counted as
Suddenly the music changed and the crowd parted. There in the spotlight was John Watson wearing a flower in his buttonhole and holding out his hand out to him.
Mike had also brought the satellite phone and the Yellowpages. After calling several mechanics, it was clear that they weren't going anywhere soon. Most of them were closed for the holiday and those who weren't, couldn't make it up the mountain until some of the snow had cleared, Monday at the earliest. It appeared that they were stuck until after Christmas.
"I'll be waiting outside for you so you can get dressed," John said turning for the door. "Then we can go out together." He slipped out and Sherlock was on his feet in an instant.
She waved her hand flippantly. "Only stating facts, darling." She pulled out a contract out of her briefcase and handed it to him. "Let's get down to business."
"Yeah, I know," Mike sighed. "Come on, let's get that little present out of my bag and into yours. The last thing either of us need is Divya actually finding it and getting us
"You absolutely gorgeous thing," John whispered as he lay Sherlock on the bed. Sherlock looked up, his hair in disarray on the pillow, his cheeks flushed from the bath and the pleasure of what was about to happen next, his eyelids drooping suggestively. John crawled up on to the bed and caged his lover in with his arms and legs.
She added to her paragraph, then looked up at Mycroft. "Terrorizing Mr Lyons's class again, are we?"
He turned to Mary, his face a mask of pure fury. "I told you that we should have stopped at that last petrol station, but no, you wanted to press on. You said it was the weather, but you just didn't want David beating us there, did you?"
Janine sidled up to Victor, whose head was bent over his phone. "Looks like you aren't the only one who will be stuck with a pair of lovebirds."
As Mycroft and Greg neared Mycroft's house, Mycroft became more aware of his surroundings and more lucid, but Greg kept checking on him out of the corner of his eye.
Up close Sherlock looked worse. This was a man who had stopped caring about himself and that made John's heart ache. Instinctively John reached out and ran his fingers through Sherlock's hair and immediately the detective's eyes fluttered open.
"That's good," Sherlock murmured. "Sometimes it takes a couple of tries to find the right one. Others it's instant connection. And don't be afraid to speak up. They may know the business, but you know your book."
"But you told me that the other party had canceled, when I arrived at a quarter til," Mr Watson said, his frown deepening.
Moving right along. If this keeps up, we'll be finished with this lovely story in no time. Which considering I haven't gotten very far in the Beauty and the Beast story may not be so great. I haven't even introduced Sherlock yet. LOL! Oops!
"I have accounts in several Savile Row establishments that pull directly from my trust fund. A trust fund that until three days ago, I didn't have access to."
"He was livid when he found out, fired both of them on the spot. But she had to get through them first," Sherlock explained. He moved another piece. "After the failure with my book and after winning gold at the Olympics, I was at loose ends. So Mycroft decided to have me intern in a couple different departments, see if there was anything I might be interested in."
Wiggins chuckled. "I may have let it slip that there was a secret military base nearby that might catch your interest."
Also I couldn't resist name dropping a couple more Sherlock-ites. Stella, the drunk girl, is DI Stella Hopkins from this most recent season of Sherlock, Miss Wenceslas, she is the museum lady that hired Moriarty for the fake Master way back in season one, and Culverton Smith, also from season four as one of the villians. At this point it will be more of a case of who isn't in this story rather than who is.
Mycroft stood outside Sherlock's door a moment trying to muster up the courage to finally do this. On the other side of the door he could hear the sounds of the telly going full blast. He should just come back later and turned away. He got only three steps away when he sighed. He had put this off long enough. He turned around and knocked on the door.
"The weather forecast is giving it five to seven days on the inside. Ten on the outside," Mike explained.
He looked over his shoulder, and with grin that reminded John of someone, said, "I may not be as smart as my little brother, but Ol' Bertie knows a trick or two."
James smiled in consolation. "I know you're on your break, but she's with a customer and I don't know how to fix it."
Sherlock shook his head. He pulled out his phone and did a couple of things on it before handing it to John.
At first they thought it was just the wind, but then there came three distinct thumps, hard against the wood. John and Mike jumped up and ran for the door. Divya and Mary covered Molly, Divya holding the fireplace shovel as a shield. John had picked up the poker as he followed Mike to the back door.
Sherlock: He is, but I made sure to run any developments with the character by John before committing them to paper.
"And he's unlikely to joke about that sort of thing," the editor agreed. "Let me guess, Sherlock's half-way in love with him already?"
Well, almost anything. He wasn't expecting what he got. A young woman in a wedding dress with smeared makeup, brandishing two long pistols. Her wild eyes scanned the room before lighting on John. With a roar of rage she pointed both guns at John and screamed, "You!"
Sherlock gulped and turned back to the offending section. He let out a long-suffering sigh. "The scene between when the hero is bleeding out and when he wakes up in hospital is a bit long winded. It would be better if it was cut down or left out altogether."
His lips found Sherlock's and the world fell away. He always thought that phrase was a literary device, but it was true. The world had become just the two of them, on the hearth rug at 221B Baker Street.
And of course at this moment Sherlock chose to interrupt with a shrill, "Did you really crash into Bertie's car?"
Greg cocked his head. "Yeah well, it's a good thing that Mycroft was out of the country otherwise that little stunt you pulled wouldn't have worked."
"I was thinking about ways that we might distract our rivals on Saturday," Mycroft mindlessly blurted out. "And I think I came up with some ideas."
When the long, black car stopped in front of her she almost had heart failure. It was time. Sherlock stepped out onto the curb and she was blown away by how he looked in person. The telly really hadn't done him any justice. He had toussled, dark curls, piercing eyes that refused to be called one color, and legs that went on forever.
John carded his fingers through Sherlock's hair getting out the rest of the debris. "Purple is just fine, though red would be good, too. More forever or undying than one-sided or hopeless, I think."
He threw open the door to his car and sat down at the wheel. He cursed and leapt out, slamming the door behind him. "No petrol!"
Sherlock shook his head, but kept his distance. He stuck his hands into the pockets of his overcoat and turned away.
Yes! And this was the best time for it. New year, new flat, new John. He wasn't going to be caught up in this shit again.
"Do you suppose that if we sent someone down there that we could come to some kind of...well, agreement? Especially since these mistakes appear more than a little malicious in nature," Mycroft said hopefully.
"Mike appeared to be wearing different clothes every time I saw him. Perhaps she merely changed her appearance every time for you," Sherlock said.
Um... I am very vocal in my dislike of Molly Hooper, especially her portrayal in fan fiction. I'm not her biggest fan. That said; I honestly believe that this who Sherlock would ask to stand up for him at his wedding to John and thus this scene was born. Also I have a really soft spot for Lolly. As much as I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Mystrade, this ship is far more likely to take place in canon.
The man chuckled. "Depends on the client, some do better seeing it in physical form. Others have to have it done in an email so they can copy/paste the corrections, others still have to have it fed to them fix upon fix, because they can only focus on one thing at a time."
By the time Greg and Mycroft arrived, the party was hopping. Music could be heard from the street, people were draped over every surface, some were dancing, but it seemed like all of them were drinking.
Greg tapped the boutonniere box against the palm of his hand nervously. He didn't know if Mycroft was even going to show. When he saw John and Sherlock show up, he had started to hope, but a small part of him kept whispering that they had sneaked out and Mycroft wasn't coming.
"You were waiting for me to tell you outright that there weren't any ghosts, weren't you? Because if I had been able to speak to the dead, I would have immediately picked up on that, wouldn't I?"
John looked up, rubbing his nose along Sherlock's. "You certainly did. But I wasn't thinking like that. All I knew was that here was this absolutely gorgeous bloke walking into my life and pulling out my darkest secrets to the light of day and it hurt."
His PA chuckled. "First up we have Molly Hooper. Twenty-five, single. Claims that ghosts have been speaking to her since she was thirteen."
Molly blushed. "He's not so bad and Greg's nice, too. But the older one gives me chills. It's like he can see straight through you."
So, there they were sitting at their table, his hand never leaving Sherlock's hand or leg or whatever it was that Sherlock needed to stay moored.
"Anyway," Mike said ignoring the comment all together. "The problem is that the guy is too good at his job. And with Sally insisting on the three fakes an episode, it's getting harder and harder to find people who are willing to do the show. We've even expanded to world-wide."
This is it, the last chapter. I'm doing this before I go to bed because I won't have time to do it tomorrow with all the cleaning and shopping I have to do for my husband's birthday party.
Finally the friction he so desperately wished for was happening. Kisses turned into purple bruises, nails leaving lines of red, fingers grasping as they frotted against each other. John couldn't hold back anymore and screamed his release. Sherlock panted heavily as he chased his own high. John wrapped his hand around Sherlock's and together they brought him to his climax.
"About five years ago," Sherlock replied. "She knew objectively that her husband 'wrote' books, but she had never seen any of them. Check and mate."
John looked up at Major Watson, hoping that his dad bought it. His dad shook him once more and then pushed him away. John stumbled and fell to the ground.
Yes, that is Neil Gaiman and this is the story I'm talking about. http://journal.neilgaiman.com/2017/05/the-neil-story-with-additional-footnote.html
"Ah, of course," Mycroft replied. "I'm glad one of us is creative. I simply don't have the head at all for making things appeal to a wide range of people."
He then tore through the kitchen, jotting down brands that they used for the basic items and making a list of what they needed. Next he flew down to the ground floor and knocked on 221A.
It was a cool autumn evening when Will came to visit. He was running late because the class he taught had gone over.
"I don't know," Mycroft said, weakly. "Every time I think I'm finally above all this, I find myself dragged back in." He let his eyes drift shut, his head hurt so much.
John groaned and began pumping erratically, chasing his release. He came with a shout, eyes pressed close as he slowly filled Sherlock up.
The young woman shook her head again and without looking up from her Blackberry said, "They are only here to make sure you get to your destination safely."
"No," Greg grumbled. "It's fine," he turned to his dancers. "But I don't want to hear a single peep out of you lot tomorrow, do I make myself clear?"
"That's very forward of you," Sherlock admitted. "I just never saw the point to Valentine's Day. It wasn't something I thought about enough to worry about the holiday."
Mary looked up at her friend, "You'll do know such thing, John is fine sitting across from me. Aren't you, dear?"
A couple hours later, Sherlock roused John for the soup, a cup of peppermint tea, and a trip to the bathroom, as well as medicine.
John took his prize to the queue and cursed his luck. He was stuck behind this tall chap. He blinked.
Mycroft, Greg, and Sherlock were shocked when John came storming out, followed closely by everyone else in the lodge. Mary was begging John to stay, and there were some very tense faces.
He could object, but they have two whole nights here, and he meant it when he said he intended to take it slow.
“And me not there to stop it, and I watched him die with complete satisfaction, and if that makes me an animal, if it means that I should go to prison, then—go ahead and send me.
She writes something on one with a biro, and then peels it off and sticks it on Rosie’s cardigan just as Sherlock walks up.
It’s oddly comforting, bringing to mind the tender touch of capable fingers, contrasted against the sting of a cleaned wound, the prick of the stitching needle, and the icy press of a cold pack against livid bruising, the only times anyone has ever deemed to touch Sherlock with tenderness, the only times he’s permitted it.
“I’ve misstepped somewhere,” he says in a low voice, just as Sherlock pockets his card and turns to walk out.
John gets up to get himself another drink, but then decides that 4:00 is technically time for breakfast, so he’d best make it tea.
Sherlock slides his hands up John’s ribcage, back down, cups his hips, rubs his thumbs along the crease where thigh meets groin.
He looks up at Sherlock’s head thrown back, face screwed into an expression half pain, half transcendent pleasure, and he smiles, and moans.
“Of course you’re not upset, because the Great Sherlock Holmes never eats on a case, the Great Sherlock Holmes is above food!”
He glances around them, and then pulls a pocket knife out of his coat, and scrapes a little from under the man’s nails.
Sherlock glances up at the windows as he balances a groggy Rosie on one hip and pays the cabbie with the other.
He is vaguely aware of John shouting his name, but above him he can hear Arthur crying in terror now, Wilder no doubt reaching out for him, blindly, in his panic, looking for anything to hold onto.
But all death is a struggle, and it is swift at least, not like life’s struggles, which just seem to go on, and on, and on…
John stares, holds his gaze until it hurts, but Sherlock doesn’t look away.  Finally John swallows dryly, and jerks his chin once. “Then I’m glad you didn’t find out until later, because—meeting you has been the best thing to ever happen to me.  And yeah, I wish this didn’t happen, but, well, these things have a way of happening to me. My lot in life, I guess. I’ll heal. I’ll move on from it, and you—you’ll still be here.  I hope?”
He stops mid-stride and turns to look back down the pavement and up at the glass building glinting in the mid-afternoon sunshine.
Sherlock’s ribs have been healing well, and his nose did require surgery, but that had gone well too, and the surgeon seems to think he will walk away from the whole thing with very little to show for the whole unfortunate adventure.
Sherlock is looking at him intently, face open, and soft, and just a little eager, and John realises how little he’s ever really told him.
Sherlock closes his eyes, and breathes in slowly, before opening them again.  “I had thought that after what I told you about my experiences at school, and after what we shared yesterday, you would have put two-and two together.  Do keep up.”
Two of them, Detectives Donovan and Anderson, are leaning against the doorframe behind him, arms crossed over their chests.
He knocks in back, breathes in slowly through his nose, holds it, breathes out, just like Ella taught him.
And John realises that Sherlock wants him to come too, and it would be so easy, if he weren’t being so careful.
He looks at the crinkles at the corners of Sherlock’s eyes, and the couple of grey hairs at Sherlock’s temples, that he never mentions, but which John keeps a running tally of, with each passing day, wondering , with regret, how many he contributed to, but relishing in them too, in way they seem to soften him, while making him look even more posh and distinguished, somehow.
He would stay in bed all day with John if he could, now that their case is essentially over, Arthur safe and found, and Heidegger’s murderer (hopefully) being pursued by the police.
Well, I’ve not got much of a set up, and I might be an utter failure at it, but if you ever wanted me to try my hand at it, I could try to make you a video.
He’s still rolling his hips in a vain search for friction, he’s flushed head to toe, and small beads of sweat are starting to form along his hairline.
He’d told him he was over dressed, but Sherlock hadn’t listened, as always, and now he’s paying the price.
John feels the words like a punch in the gut, and he sees the minute Sherlock registers what he’s said.
She speaks some sort of greeting he can barely hear, and he taps his ear, and gives her an apologetic look.
Sherlock goes behind the camera, and adjusts some settings and then tosses a small remote in the air, and catches it as he walks back over to where John is sitting.
And John finds the spot again, and just stays there, teasing, and working, and Sherlock loses all sense of time, or space, or anything beside the aching tension, the wave, after endless wave of pleasure that makes him aware of nothing but John’s fingers inside of him, and John’s breath on his neck, and John’s hips rolling against his thigh.  John is saying things, likely filthy things, but Sherlock is hardly registering it at all.
Come now, Your Grace—it is quite clear that James Wilder is behind this, and not only that, but he is something more than just your secretary, I think.”
his cock?) so easily on (in?) John, when Sherlock is sitting here being offered everything, and is only paralysed, useless.
John hands him the record, and then picks up the garland, and goes over to the lounge window to consider how he might hang it.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to this confession, and after a moment of his silence, John looks up from his mug.
There’s nothing but pain, the red-hot sear of burning sand beneath his back, and the cool, grounding weight of James’ hand.
“That is very gracious, Your Grace, but I believe it will be more advantageous to our investigation if Dr. Watson and I stay here at the school, as planned.”
This is one of those situations that John usually handles so poorly, but he’s been trying, with Ella’s help he’s been trying, and he doesn’t want to get this wrong, because after the other day at pond it had seemed that Sherlock was just starting to trust him, and he doesn’t want to ruin that, not now, not when it’s been such a long time coming, and is still so tenuous a thing.
John looks down at his hand cupped around his cock through his trousers and feels his cheeks flush so hard it makes him momentarily dizzy.
Sherlock shivers, his eyes sliding shut with a sigh, and John wastes no time in dispensing a little of the oil, rubbing it between his palms to warm it, and then sliding his hands slowly up Sherlock’s thighs, starting at his knees, and gliding upwards, the inside of the thumbs tracing along the most sensitive of spots.
“So sure, keep your information to yourself if you want, but if it ends up walking him into the line of fire, you and I are going to be having quite a different conversation.”
He’s currently strapped into a vest with enough semtex to blow him to bits and do a decent amount of damage to anyone in the general vicinity.
Thanks so much to @astudyinsnoggy (beta) and @SherlockSister1 (brit-picking some of the later chapters) on Twitter for their help.  Thanks to the incomparable @khorazir for commissioning this fic through her very generous donation to the Fandom Trumps Hate 2019 charity auction, and for the freedom she gave me in picking what I would write.
“As good as you were for your minders according to Harry,” Sherlock informs him as he tosses Rosie’s bag in the boot and slams it shut.
Sherlock pitches his voice low, in a tone John now realises he reserves for ASMR videos, and other, rather more intimate situations.
He throws a couple of day’s worth of clothes into a satchel, rushes for the train station and just makes his train by a hair.
John’s head has dropped, his face pressed into Sherlock’s neck, breath warm and damp against his skin.
Sherlock finds a stack of books on beekeeping and apiology, and they huddle near the fire in the keeping room for light and heat.
They know almost nothing about one another, they’re rushing headlong into something that could all fall apart and end up hurting them both terribly.
He lets his eyes slide shut, goes still, breathes, and feels John’s body start to go lax against his, realises that he is falling asleep, and wonders if John has gone these last three days without sleep, too.
She announces as though this new turn of events is the most transcendent experience of her young life.
He shakes his head, and sets the tray down on the floor beside the bed before sitting down on the edge of the mattress, and carding his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, fisting them, giving the gentlest of tugs.
He times each pull in conjunction with the thrust of John’s tongue, feels his muscles flutter and pulse around him.
John swoops in and gives her a kiss on the forehead, and Sherlock just catches himself before unconsciously leaning in for one of his own.
Sherlock frowns and crawls up to lie beside him. He reaches out, but stops, hand hovering over John’s head, and watches as John’s face crumples.
He wakes a few hours later to Sherlock’s fingers carding through his hair, and he smiles up blearily at Sherlock hovering over him with a glass of water and his antibiotics and painkillers.
Sherlock snorts through his nose, and John chuckles.  “Suppose we shouldn’t laugh at that poor woman’s death.  I actually liked Donna.”
Still, it seems almost unbearable not knowing what happened, not knowing his condition, not to mention that he feels utterly untethered again.
He instantly stills, even though his spine is curved backwards at a painful angle, and his hands are clinging to Sherlock’s upper arms, face pressed into his wet and heaving chest, legs twisted awkwardly behind him, because Sherlock is half hard.
It’s an accurate description of what he does, and I fail to see what you think it has to do with me.
Sherlock punctuates the comment with a wink, and John takes it as he’d intended, and chuckles softly.
Sherlock can feel John’s pubic hair tickling the side of his cock, and he’s already so hard it nearly drives him mad.
It’s not as smooth a surface as the town rink, and John keeps an ear and eye peeled for signs of thin ice, but it’s quiet, and private, and he’s glad they came, because after a few circuits, Sherlock lets go of his hand, skates on ahead of him, and begins to make what look like little attempts at a pirouette.
John’s angry.  Sherlock is fairly certain of that.  At the very least, he’s exasperated.  He knows Sherlock well enough to know that their sleeping arrangement was very likely not the inn’s mistake, no matter how much Sherlock insisted that it was.
Rosie is trotting across the sand toward them, red bucket in hand, and what looks like a squirming starfish held aloft in one hand.
“Listen, your brother is probably going to kill me for this, but if you want you can come down to the Met with me, and help us along a little.
His brother reaches out, but he shrugs him off and keeps walking, down flight-after-flight of stairs, through the hospital lobby, out into the street.
He’s just given far too much away. “You’ve romanced and shagged a whole string of girlfriends over the years.
It’s like the place between awake and asleep, except he feels more awake than he’s ever been in his life.
However, grateful as he had been to see John at the train station earlier, he is finding it more and more difficult to have John here, now they’ve arrived at the school.
“It is possible you will see more videos of this kind in the future, and the good Captain may also grace us with a vlog now and again.
He folds his hands in his lap, and prays Sherlock’s voice close to his ear doesn’t have its usual affect.
But given the lingering, cloying atmosphere of the room and that reported in the room where the other Tregennis’ died, it is unlikely that the guilty party could have dispersed the substance that close to themselves and escaped unscathed.
Sherlock takes it, let’s John pull him to his feet, lets John lead him down the hall to his bedroom, let’s him push him down to sit on the edge of the mattress, let’s him remove his jacket, unbutton his shirt.
He does it again, and John feels his cock fill, remembers the night he lay in bed and touched himself, remembers, suddenly, that he told Sherlock about it, and…
The man props his umbrella up against his chair, and leans forward, elbows on the table, fingers steepled in front of his mouth, and John almost laughs at the familiar gesture.
for guaranteed tingles.  Honestly, it's probably my favourite ASMR video ever, and I don't know a single person who has watched it and not got tingles.
And there I was, unravelling about to do something spectacularly stupid, to most likely take myself away from you again, and you wanted to stop me.
John scowls at the unassailable logic, and then turns without a word and marches up the gravel road that serves as the thoroughfare between two rows of rather ramshackle looking cottages.
Now is not the time for him to be blushing furiously for all the weary, stay-at-home mums doing their mid-day shopping to see.
Sherlock is out on the street hailing a cab before his brain catches up, and he’s assailed with images of Dr. Watson standing at the door to his flat, mug of tea in hand, blinking and confused as Sherlock all but fled from his flat.
Sherlock watches John putter around the kitchen, serving up the food for himself.  The limp is more evident now.  It has been somewhat more pronounced since the accident.  It’s to be expected.  Still, Sherlock wonders if he’s in pain, and if so, if everything they’d done on the floor the day before had made it worse.
As you may have noticed, we have called you here alone, there are no police present, John and I are your only judge and jury, and I can assure you that though excessively fair in all things, my John does have a strong romantic bent.
“Yeah, well we had that case, and things went a bit sideways, and I ended up in the hospital, and then—well, we’ve been getting to know one another a bit better the last few days.
Sherlock lets the curtain drop, and walks over to scoop John’s coat and scarf off the nearby chair, before heading outside.
Sherlock lifts his eyes from the cuffs of his shirt, to see Rose bobbing up and down on her toes in the doorway, the delicate layers of her pink chiffon skirt flouncing up and down like the petals of a flower.
Stars flash before his eyes, and then he takes a blow to the gut that bends him in half, and sends him lurching to the pavement with a groan.
Sherlock arches his hips up again, and then again.  They are small, shallow thrusts, but John has his full weight bearing down on him, and he’s already buried deep, it’s enough.  It’s enough to stoke the flames of his pleasure afresh, almost to the breaking point.
Sherlock is pleased at how cold, and detached it sounds, rather than reflecting the pathetic level of hurt he can feel curling tight in his chest and biting at the corner of his eyes.
It’s a straightforward request, laced through with something that sounds a little like desperation, and Sherlock can’t deny him.
John sends off the photos, and a brief description of everything Wilkes had told him, and then pockets his phone and heads for the tube.
John is starting to shift atop him now, working the plug a little, Sherlock thinks, chasing sensation.  John’s unlikely to get fully hard again this soon, but his cock is thick and heavy between his legs, slightly flushed, beautiful.  Sherlock’s mouth waters, even as he throbs and twitches against John’s palm.
Sherlock’s mouth presses shut, and he swallows tightly as two more tears squeeze from the corners of his eyes.
Sherlock looks down at Watson sucking on her cherry lolly, eyes drooping with exhaustion, and then looks up at Greg, willing him to understand:
He snaps at the sight of the man standing in the door with his brows knit, and hands stuffed in his pocket.
John grins, and it feels so good to see a smile on his face that Sherlock almost forgets his own inexplicable embarassment.
He should have planned a little speech or something, but it’s not their way, has never been their way, and…
And there’s something about Sherlock’s tone and the subtle pleading look in his eyes that makes John back down, back off.
John self-consciously lifts a hand to his beard, smooths his fingers over it, and then up through his limp, unwashed hair, slicking it back.
This is when Sherlock should really be taking in data, the way John’s nipples peak, the way his mouth drops open, the smirk, the crinkles around his eyes, the eager, enthusiastic way he thrusts into Sherlock’s hand.
He’s still wrapped up in the afghan that had been unexpectedly gifted him on the train, and he’s cocooned in it like it’s the only thing keeping him cognisant.
He gets up and goes to the loo, when he returns John is just entering the bedroom with a steaming mug in each hand.
He can’t take his eyes off the bottom of the screen, the spot where Sherlock’s hand has disappeared, the flexing of his forearm, like he has himself in hand, like he’s…
John grins a little suggestively and takes a step closer, close enough to feel the fact that Sherlock wouldn’t need much persuading to stay right where he is.
There is one tiny blood vessel running like a bluish vine beneath the thin skin of his right eyelid.
What John is to him is too precious a thing to muddy with inconvenient, overwhelming and confusing things like lust.
So, he wants to give off the impression of having money, but is, at least at present, somewhat hard up.
He takes a deep breath, and John must hear him, because he turns a crooked half-smile on his face, and nods toward the photo.
John stills, and Sherlock cracks open an eye to look up at him.  John looks awed. He pushes up even more, sits back against the cradle of Sherlock’s pelvis.  “Got an idea.”
He’s only half hard, and John lets the weight of him rest in his palm, stroking his length with one thumb, while pressing kisses to his shoulder blades.
And when John’s arms are around his waist, he looks up at Sherlock’s red-rimmed, and slightly confused eyes, and smiles.
I’m back because—I’m always better when I’m with you, and I want to be given the chance to be the friend I haven’t been, and should have been, the last few years.
It makes him wonder if he’s doing it on purpose, and he almost hopes that he is, because now that John is here, and wants this, and has stopped with all his silly little rules and professional scruples, the sky is the limit, and Sherlock is eager to explore each and every thing that John might be able to tease from his body, and to see just what effect he might have on John, in turn.
Sherlock looks up and must see it all in his eyes, the fondness, the love, the sheer, overwhelming gratitude that they’re here together, and that Sherlock wants this, wants them like this, here in this place, even when they’re old and grey, grumpy and doddering.
It had taken all of two minutes, and then he had sat down again, and not moved and not spoken through the entirety of the rest of the service.
Sherlock pulls his hands from beneath John’s shirt, and settles them around his waist, and kisses him until he feels the tension leave his body, and both of their erections grow less insistent.
He weaves on his feet and John reaches out to steady him, nods toward the garden bench under a nearby pergola.
John props himself up on his elbows and stares down at Sherlock, who is looking back up at him with a fond, soft smile.
Sherlock is certain that John must have done in the shower, exactly the same thing he had hastily taken care of in the bedroom.
When he cranes his head around, to look at John over one, wet shoulder, his eyes are full, but there’s a smile teasing the corners of his mouth.
Sherlock whines, and thrusts against him, and John chuckles, fully awake now that Sherlock is being so demanding.
Here in the middle of a half-empty restaurant, watching John Watson eat penne in marinara, his body is awash in a potent mix of chemicals and hormones, skin flushed, breath quickening, mouth watering, loins stirring.
Sherlock contemplates bringing it up, and is just finishing up his salad and opening his mouth to do so, when John sits down across from him at the table and breaks the silence.
When it grows dark outside, they retreat to the bedroom again, and lie close in the dark, breathing the same air, sneaking their limbs as close as they dare to share body heat.
When he comes back downstairs it’s to the sound of pans clanking in the kitchen.  Sherlock ties his dressing gown at the waist and wanders into the kitchen, leaning against the wall and watching John spread butter on four pieces of bread.
Sherlock flexes the muscle in his thigh on instinct, and a breath explodes from John’s lungs in a small, breathy grunt.
John knows it’s necessary.  Sherlock knows that. But that doesn’t mean he has to be happy about it.  And it’s not sustainable, and it’s not conducive to his healing, and so Sherlock begins to formulate a plan of his own.
Heed the new tags on this one.  This touches on the deleted hospital scene in HLV with Magnussen and Sherlock.  I don't dwell on it too long, but please be safe if that is triggering for you.
He just—he just wants it to stop hurting, because behind everything he’s feeling in the moment, that is the biggest thing—hurt.
“I have a team of my people watching you constantly, but for now I encourage you not to go out alone, not to let Dr. Watson go out alone, and to please, not take any more cases.
He takes photos around the office, the latches on the windows, which inexplicably open onto narrow little balconies despite how high up they are, he goes back out onto the trading floor and takes multiple photos of the office door from different angles.
He’s completely quiet, blinking in that way he does when his brain is overwhelmed by an emotion so large he can’t process it.
“Like I mentioned in my first video, I only met him a few days ago, and by ‘met’, I mean that I was turned on to his YouTube channel by an old friend, and I’ve been answering some of his surveys and helping him with his research, and we’ve been chatting a bit.
Please heed the new tags added for this chapter - #Frottage, #Hand Jobs, #Briefly Referenced Self Harm, #Implied/Referenced Child Abuse.
Warm, slick heat envelops his cock, and glides, and he sobs with pleasure, strains against his bonds.
Suddenly, he realises that Sherlock is pushing away from the wall, and striding into the middle of the corridor like the utter madman he is.
“Listen, at this point I don’t care if you’re taking us to a stable because there’s no room left at the inn, as long as there’s a warm place for you to sleep, and food.
When John has pressed in as far as his short fingers will allow, he stops, pants against Sherlock’s neck.  He’s clearly forgotten what he was doing with Sherlock’s cock.  He’s gone completely still.  “Wanna move.”
He turns to look at John, then, straight into the dark depths of his storm blue eyes, in ways John would never permit in reality.
Sherlock doesn’t move, and he’s so close, all frizzy unkempt curls, and pale skin, and lips that are—really something else this close up.
I just went on a date in a crowded public restaurant with you, held hands with you in a street full of people, and I’ve spent the last two days fulfilling your every sexual whim, so…”
Pickings have been meagre, and he’s felt too distracted to dissemble the details enough to pick something of quality.
Sherlock wonders if he wants it really, wants Sherlock to do what he does so well, and take him apart, stand as mirror, show him who he is, all the disparate pieces, even the broken and bloody ones.
John still doesn’t know what to do with the fact that he is wanted so wholly, so completely, so unabashedly by someone.
Sherlock’s eyes snap up to John’s face, and John smiles—that crooked, fond, slightly sad smile that only seems reserved for Sherlock.
John kisses him, relishes in the familiar comfort of the way their lips move together, their hands explore one another’s bodies, the way both of their cocks make rather pathetic attempts at interest, and fail, and the way it doesn’t matter.
Sherlock pouts, slides his eyes shut, and tries not to think about his nose, and the strange, swollen, misshapen look of it.
An early morning dance lesson, with the soft hum of traffic outside and the play of dust motes in the beams of sun shining through the curtains; John’s hand in his as he lay recovering in a hospital bed; John in his arms, grieving the dissolution of his life and at a loss at how to move forward; rare Saturday morning walks in the park with Rosie; late night takeaway picnics by the hearth—brief moments of warm, domestic calm in the midst of a hectic and often violent day-to-day.
Sherlock gets up again, begins to pace the floor, and John catches brief glimpses of a messy, but homely flat behind him.
John rasps in his ear, and Sherlock feels like he’s flying, like his legs will hardly hold him, and if he doesn’t sit or lie down soon, John will have to scoop him up like some swooning maiden and carry him to bed.
Sherlock is mesmerised by the glow of the flames licking the tips of his eyelashes, painting them pure gold, at the way the skin on John’s bare forearms bursts into gooseflesh as the flames catch, and then smooths again as the warmth begins to spread.
He reaches down to give Sherlock a hand up, and Sherlock takes it, nods to the door dividing his room from the loo, and lets himself be led through it, lets John turn the bed down, and help him out of his jacket and trousers, and when he finally crawls beneath the covers, even though he feels anything but sleepy, it’s a relief, a relief to see, and hear and smell John in the room.
John reaches up and gently swats Sherlock’s hand away from his cock, picks up the rhythm so Sherlock can have another hand to support himself.
John motions for her to sit down, pushes a cup of chamomile tea in front of her, and wraps the blanket draped over the chair, back over her shoulders.
He doesn’t know what to do, so he simply stays where he is, sitting beside him on the bed, hand on his shoulder, hoping it’s enough, because it doesn’t feel enough by half, but he’s not sure that he would want more, need more, and so he sits.
To his horror, Sally pulls out a chair from the conference table he’s sitting at, swings it around and straddles it, resting her chin on the back to stare at him.  “How you doing, Freak?”
A rush of saliva rushes over Sherlock’s tongue and he swallows again, discards his jumper on the floor, scoops up his pyjamas, and retreats from the room.
John’s body is starting to feel sticky with the heat of their exertions.  Everything is sticking to everything else, and it’s a miracle to have so much of John’s flesh available to his questing hands, but it’s also getting more, and more difficult to derive much pleasure from it.  Perhaps he should ask about lube?
It needed to be done so that Sherlock could go home again without the ever present spectre of Moriarty casting its bleak pall over everything that home had come to mean.
It’s stupid.  It’s childish hope.  It’s illogical and shameful, but he is willing to do anything, try anything, and it isn’t until that moment, standing in the cold, and the dark, that he realises just how very much he’s fallen.  He loves John Watson so much he is willing to defy everything he’s ever built his life around, just to see him safe.
John chuckles.  “The one that’s going to make us both smell like sex.  Might even result in some later, if you’re up for it.”
He wipes his hands on the thighs of his pyjamas, and swings the door wide, squinting into the wind and the struggling morning light.
And this is when John panics, which, he realises, is completely ridiculous give what they have just shared.
Sherlock pushes himself up on his hands, pressing his groin into John’s and stills, eyes squeezed shut.
He props himself up on his elbows, and stares as a long, pale strip of skin appears between the placket of Sherlock’s shirt.
It may just be a crush, a new obsession, but he’s had both of those before, and none of them have ever felt like this.
“Yeah, you know what…”  And before he has time to think about what he’s doing, John has strode forward and plucked the phone from Sherlock’s hand.
He sees the glint of silver on the carpet, amongst the rest of the trinkets, gets down on the pretence of gathering it all up, and then picks up the ring, gets up on one knee, and realises that Sherlock’s already turned away and gone back to gathering up their food.
John glides his fingers into Sherlock’s hair again, makes a fist and tugs, slow and firm, and Sherlock gasps, and then moans, and John feels all the blood rush from his cheeks straight to his cock.
He should help him, but selfishly he’d rather let John struggle, pressed up against his body, and breathe in his scent.
The sound of Rosie’s even breathing filling the room with the sort of soft white noise that makes Sherlock want to curl up and go back to sleep.
Instead I spent two years thinking I’d failed you, while Molly-fucking-Hooper all but had your personal mobile number!”
His toe is already turning black and blue, and his thigh burns like fire, and his eyes bite and swim.
Sherlock feels John go lethally still beside him, hears the tight sniff, the electric change in the air as John’s anger spikes.
He lazily wipes his hand on the sheets, and then reaches down to card his fingers through his unruly curls.
He looks up at him, pulls gently at his waist, and Sherlock steps forward and wraps him in his arms.
Sherlock sighs, heavy and hard done by, lets his eyes slide shut, listens to John sniff, and shuffle from one foot to the other in the doorway.
He looks stricken for the briefest of moments, before his usual facade of barely-maintained control snaps back into place.
Sherlock nods, and draws closer, lets John tangle their limbs, pull him close, run his palms over the muscles of Sherlock’s shoulders and back, down over the rise of his arse.
He drops the clothes he’s holding to the floor, and strides over to John’s side of the bed, takes John’s arms gently in his hands, and lowers him back down to the mattress.
John gives his hair a slow, firm pull, and Sherlock’s eyes slide shut as new pools of sensation begin to spring up all over his body.
John follows in his wake, and only realises, after it’s too late, that Sherlock is headed straight for the condoms.
John flips the sandwiches, and Sherlock’s stomach growls at the sound of sizzling butter and scent of fried cheese.
It’s awkward and uncoordinated, like maybe the thing possessing him has forgotten how to be in a body, but he advances on John just fine once he finds his balance.
They set every cell to vibrating until he is high off the sensation, awash in pleasure, drunk on it, and all he can do is murmur John’s name.
The cottage had been decorated, top to bottom, the day before, and they had both collapsed onto the sofa after dark, and shovelled down a couple of bowls of tinned stew, and some bread that John had warmed in the oven, before falling asleep together on the sofa.
"The belief that most fears and phobias come from some kind of trauma," John admitted. "And as a soldier suffering from PTSD, taking the mickey out someone else just because they are afraid of something seems a bit churlish if you ask me."
Thankfully Mrs Hudson wasn't up front and John was with a customer, so they didn't see the pitiful display of his schoolboy crush.
Sherlock's hips bucked for an entirely different reason. John rose with the movement, taking his lover's cock into his mouth.
Greg turned away but held on to Mycroft to keep him from falling over. Mycroft was winsome and beguiling, but he was also drunk and most likely concussed and therefore could not consent.
Dancing with John seemed to help a little. He sighed. Sherlock knew what would go the furthest in helping the hurt lessen. He had to apologize. Not to Mummy, because her ideas of never dating were still outrageous. But to Mycroft. And Mycroft didn't deserve what happened to him.
He abruptly straightened and turned on his heel without so much as a backward glance, leaving behind a very flustered Sherlock.
3- My Love Written on Your Skin- Soulmate/tattoo AU. Soulmates get tattoos on their skin for every major life their soulmate has, but not everyone has a soulmate. These are called Blanks and are shunned. Sherlock is one of these, but his life is on John's skin. Is it as one way as John fears, or is Sherlock more than meets the eye?
John decided to take up Sherlock on his offer to borrow a book from the library during one of the times the publicist took one of his long showers.
. I honestly don't know how he felt." He winced. He was starting to sound like a Jane Austen heroine.
Warm tea was pressed into frozen fingers and cold toes were placed in water to thaw, hot water slowly added to warm up the extremities.
That wasn't even the worst of it. No, where Sherlock's jibes had been in defense of an unprovoked attack, these days he was on the offensive, turning his once silver tongue to barbs. John, himself, had rarely been the recipient, but when he was it was scathing. He was starting to wonder if he was going to have to give it all up as a loss.
He was so lost in thought that he was unprepared for the hug/tackle that Mary gave him. John winced as most of her weight hit his hurt shoulder.
"You're welcome to come over anytime," she told John. "Think of this house as a sanctuary, and I can deny having seen you if you need me to."
"Oh come off it, Barbara. How was I supposed to know he was famous, it's not like I know anything about ballet," Julie complained.
Mycroft's phone pinged in his pocket and he pulled it out to read the message. He chuckled and then typed out his reply. Sliding the phone back into his pocket, Mycroft stood up. He had work to do if the transfer of Sherlock's trust fund was to go smoothly. He felt lighter than he had in months. Today was a good day.
Music was Mycroft's one escape. He could go into his head and let the music wash over him, allowing all the doubts, fears, and anxieties empty out of him, if only for a few moments. His favorite thing to do was go with Anthea on Saturdays to the local music shop and wander around their old vinyl records and stare longingly at the guitars on their walls.
Mycroft's eyebrows rose and he finally took in John's appearance. His eyes raked over the short doctor's form. He held out his hand for the paper John was holding. John handed it back.
John shook his head. "I'm not really a fan of spy novels. Met too many real spooks to enjoy them. Now, I like a good James Bond movie or two, but that's more for the action than for anything else." He tried moving another piece only to have Sherlock immediately take that one too.
"I'll take the credit and the reward, but John's the one that got the coffee going for me," Mike said, blushing.
"There you are," John said with a smile, "you had me worried, you know?" He smoothed Sherlock's hair back out of his face.
It took John a moment, but he began to realize that Murray was muttering over and over again, "Hold on, Captain. We're almost home."
Greg laughed. "Excited doesn't even cover it, Molls, that man is arse over tits in love with Sherlock."
"Got her a solicitor that would listen, sued the pants off Frank, and she divorced him soon after," the publicist concluded.
They settled until they were nearly drifting off to sleep when John murmured, "Do you believe in fate?"
“Oh, god, I am an awful human being,” John said, banging his head against locker again. “I wasn’t thinking about her, there was this bloke I met last night; the maitre d’ gave me his table, so I offered to share. He is so amazing and clever and gorgeous!”
"Don't worry, Vicky darling," Langdale said with a chuckle. "We're just going for a ride to the airport and on the way there, the three of us are going to have a lovely chat about you never setting foot on this continent again."
"And my handler," Sherlock groused. "Who's sleeping with my brother." The look of disgust was clear on his face.
"Well, I'm starting to regret that choice, if that's what got me this," he said, waving to all of Sherlock.
"If I'm still stuck here, I'll see if I can take a couple of days off to be in London for the party at the very least," Sherlock soothed.
Mycroft stood up and balled his hands into fists, "Aren't you just punishing me for Father leaving?"
It read: I've only had one boyfriend and that was ten years ago. So unless you happened to have been in Melbourne two years ago, there is no way you got the book from me, let alone had sex with me. Especially since I spent that weekend throwing up from air sickness. ;)
"And the second one is 'no dating until you graduate'! This is not up for negotiation. When you graduate, you may date, but not before." Mummy draped her hand over her eyes dramatically. "I spend all my days dealing with troubled teens, and I won't have my boys become one of them."
“Oh come on, baby, don’t be like that,” she said leaning over to kiss him. “You wouldn’t want to me to quit doing what I love, would you?” She batted her eyelashes and simpered at him.
"Apparently the Moran side of Moran & Moriarty Prints showed up and doused everything Jim had planned with cold water. Seriously, the man walked out of there looking for all the world like a drowned cat."
"We have, uh," Sebastian stammered, "looked into the allegations of harassment and found that there may be some merit to the accusations."
her do anything. I've begged, I've pleaded, I've been nice, rude, and everything in between and nothing deters her."
John's brain went offline at the thought of doing this again, and he came abruptly, with Sherlock not far behind.
"Oh?" Divya asked with a smile. "I would have thought that you would have wanted them to stay considering the googly-eyes that you've been making at that dishy detective."
He reached for John's cheek and kissed it soundly, causing John to swerve a bit on the road. But once he had righted them, he chuckled.
More impressively, the short blond holding the scarf was reading Brutus quite the list of manners. Of which Brutus looked to be actually listening to.
He was just reheating the wontons when the doorbell rang. He counted each dish to make sure he hadn't forgotten anything and then wiped off his hands. He opened the door to a very dashing Sherlock Holmes.
"John!" Sherlock cried, as he came dashing out of the sitting room to the front hall. He skidded to a stop at the sight of the bride with the two guns, her mouth a twisted, garish line.
Which prompted John to plan a birthday party for the lanky detective, much to Sherlock's obvious dismay.
Sherlock threw a couple of leather-bound books on top. "He's old fashioned, he prefers to write things down. So the blue one is his diary and the other is his contacts." He continued to walk around the room. Then he dropped a couple of concert tickets on top of the records, "Here are some tickets to the band he listens to the most. He always buys one for Anthea to go, too."
Sherlock hadn't been lying about the taste of books that Mycroft had, they were all old literature or golden age sci-fi. But he was bound and determined to find something from the last twenty years.
All of John's nerve endings lit up like the Christmas tree. He hastened to get their trousers and pants off as quickly as he could.
John lifted his chin up. "The game's changing, mate. The scrum players are getting bigger, but what do I care, I'll be out before the coach decides to go with the times."
"What?" Sherlock asked, confused and then waved the comment away. "Not about that, Mrs Hudson. John is sick and I know next to nothing about taking of someone else."
"His mum is a bit of a nutter," Mike explained. "But seriously, mate. Forget about either one. It is not going to happen."
Bertie led them away, but Sherlock tried to turn around to talk to John, "We'll talk later, all right?"
Sherlock frowned, "Alcoholism and drug addiction are two different beasts, how could you possibly tell?"
"I was so worried, Sherlock. You've never fainted before. There are a dozen things I could think of off the top my head that it could have been instead of lack of food and sleep."
Molly twirled around, making her dress flare out. When she came to a stop, she said, "Well, your son has good taste."
The young woman looked over her list. "I'm sorry, I don't see you here. Are you sure you made the reservation?"
Greg opened his mouth to speak, but before he could get words out, Prof Smallwood walked past. The riding instructor was a beautiful woman just past her prime. She was as gracious as she was graceful. She was in riding gear, her helmet tucked carelessly under one arm, and her grey hair flew about in gentle waves, suggesting that she had just pulled off her helmet.
Greg shook his head, "Christ, Sherlock. If there is anyone who would have a crazed fan, it'd be you." He ran his hands over his face as Mycroft rubbed his hand in circles on Greg's back, where they sat together on the sofa.
"That's all from 'Unmasking the Supernatural: The Science of Demystifying the Ethereal.' I'm your host, Sherlock Holmes. Next week for BBC's Halloween Spooktacular, we'll be debunking mediums, or those that claim they can speak to the dead. Until then, suspect everything!"
Sherlock closed the door behind Anderson and John slumped to the floor. Sherlock looked at one of the assistants and motioned for a bottle of water. She grabbed one out of a cooler and dashed over to hand it to him. Sherlock opened the lid and then passed it over to John.
Sherlock walked in, followed by a face he knew all too well, Dr Watson. Sherlock attempted to swan in, but Greg could tell that he was still a little unsteady on his feet. He turned to the doctor and raised an eyebrow.
John had promised to never leave Sherlock's side the whole night. And possibly their whole lives. The thought shook John to his core. But he'd promised.
Greg cocked his head to the side. "You still get together to watch games with your old rugby team, right?"
Mycroft took a deep breath and opened the notebook to the right page. Greg watched, face pinched in distress.
"Mummy? To hell with your mother, Mycroft," the silver-haired one snapped. "I'm displeased. You promised me Christmas with the Queen, not lost, frozen, and wet in the middle of nowhere!"
Victor smiled. "But who cares about that old crow, Sherlock. I'm here to take you to dinner. Just you, me and a nice bottle of wine."
"And yet, between the two of us and your darling husband, my book was still a critical and commercial failure," Sherlock deadpanned.
John waved at the orchard before turning around to go into the house. Sherlock looked back at Anderson, who merely shrugged. According to the house records, no one had ever reported seeing
John came back with a wet flannel and cleaned Sherlock up, his front and his back. When he was done, he threw the rag on top of the table and grabbed the blanket off the sofa. He covered them with the blanket and cuddled close to Sherlock.
"Sherlock darling, do you remember the book John was working on?" Mrs Hudson began the next morning.
It took John several trips to get everything he needed with his cane and all, but asking Sherlock was out of the question.
He sighed and went out to his car. When he got within a few feet of it, he pulled up short. Sitting in the passenger seat was the guitar he had been eyeing for a long time. He bent down to look at it and gasped. It was real.
Sorry!!! I had this chapter done for a long time, just not typed up and edited (by the wonderful Old Ping Hai, no less). But here it is. I have this other story that is making my muse salivate in anticipation and I want to get this out so I can focus on the other story sans guilt about this one.
"Hey!" John greeted, practically bouncing on his heels as he waved them over. "Did you guys enjoy the game?" he asked everyone, but his eyes never left Sherlock's.
John moved forward and placed his hand on Sherlock's arm. "God, I would never call you that. Or anything like that. I got thinking that there were just nice ghosts here, because the gardener out back. I should have known better. There are too many kinds of ghosts and they all can be in the same place."
And as such, John immediately discounted the desk. That was for files and things of that nature. He went to the side bar first. But it was stocked neatly with bottles of the best whiskeys, wines, and other spirits. And judging from the labels, this was even better than the stuff Mycroft had put out for him.
Greg ran his fingers over his face. He opened his mouth to speak, but Archie came in with the water. He handed it to Sherlock, who murmured a thank you. Archie squeaked with pleasure before darting back out of the office. Sherlock opened the bottle and drank a good portion before turning back to Greg.
The doctor still ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls, but John had begun doing other things. He would bracket Sherlock's waist with his hands as he squeezed past the dark-haired detective in the narrow confines of their kitchen. Or John would run his fingers across Sherlock's shoulder blades as he went to start the kettle if Sherlock was bent over his microscope. Or he would walk so close to Sherlock that their hands and shoulders brushed.
He turned on his heel and strolled away, leaving an angry Sherlock and a bitter and confused John in his wake.
Mycroft laughed and ducked behind a wooden barrier with a square cut in the middle. Greg took the bait and threw a paintball straight at the opening. It splattered against the plastic partition and Mycroft stood up, laughing even harder.
