Sherlock's hands card through John's short hair. John clutches hard at Sherlock's hips. It's not enough.
He doesn't answer. Instead he turns on his side, facing me. One pale hand comes up to rest beneath his cheek. It strikes me that his eyes seem more alive now. In the candlelight I'm not even sure what colour they are; bright blue, or green, or perhaps yellow. There's a sparkling interest in them. Almost as if
I've lost track of my family and instead go looking for my friends. Mikael and Greger wait for me at the corner of the village hall.
“Rough estimation based on your accent. No money or occupation? Well, English retired soldiers don't make any more money than French ones do, and your injured arm would prevent you from doing doctor's work. No friends? A man like you, seeking the thrill and terror of war, forced to return home with nothing to do – you suffer from depression. Moving to Paris wasn't something you planned for a long time, as your plan was staying in the army – no, moving was a rash decision, so likely you don't have any friends in London keeping you there. You haven't been in Paris long enough to make any significant number of new ones either, due to your depression holding you back. I was obviously wrong about you stealing a suit to pass for a rich duke, but that does not mean I was wrong about the fact that you find existence terribly dull and are searching for something that will fill it with meaning. This is why you wanted the job so badly, and why you forced away your writer's block in order to get it. See, there is nothing you can hide from me.”
Sherlock's knees gave out. I was beyond myself, nothing quite registering. In the periphery of my vision, I saw the outline of a familiarly black and hard object drawing closer to me, aimed at my head. But at that moment, a pair of doors beside us opened.
John straightens and turns. He looks up at me and I memorise the exact way his face looks in this moment; the moment when I only have to reach out and gather him into my arms.
We hadn't been sitting there for long before a door banged open and Sherlock's choreographer stormed out, tears in his eyes. I watched him hurry out of the building and raised my eyebrows at Stamford.
They need to become an entity, to create their own gravity. The world needs to clear up and spin around them.
“Sorry! I forgot my hat-”, Moriarty's voice said, and Sherlock and I didn't have time to do more than look up before the man stood in the doorway.
“And you're a coward, then?” I grin at him. He chews his bottom lip in a very endearing way. “We're going to get wet anyway”, I add. I undo the last button and pull off my shirt.
Sherlock quickly turns his head back to face John properly, his eyes wide. “I do not.” His eyes narrow, and it's all John can do not to burst out laughing. “You're lying.”
The adrenalin from the day slowly drains out of him. The dissolving tension allows the blood to throb into his extremities, making his muscles warm and liquid. During cases, his intense focus on his mind makes the rest of his body practically disappear beneath him. But afterwards, it floods his consciousness again, letting him know that it craves food, or sleep, or…
The rooms seemed darker that day. Something stifling and grim radiated from the sharp suit among us. Smiles faltered when they stumbled into Moriarty's proximity.
And the smell. He keeps it inside the bedside table drawer; Earl Grey and outside air and tanned skin. He pushes his nose into it, into the patch of skin just to the right of John's nose.
For hours, I didn't think about anything but survival, yours and mine. Every little move I made was for the success of the case.
I hadn't expected him to be dressed in a black corset, with tiny pearl buttons running down the front all the way to where it ended just below the parting of his legs. I hadn't expected all the lace; the transparent black negligee that was long enough to graze the floor; the silk stockings that were attached to the corset with suspenders, leaving the top of his thighs enticingly bare. I hadn't expected his hair to be a shock of perfect, black curls when he didn't hide it under a hat.
“I understand an obsession, Holmes.” Moriarty's voice was round and heavy. “His work is important to him. Quite right. But he's always at it with that
The new words fit in Sherlock's mouth as if it's the most obvious thing. His eyes don't match his scornful tone; they are golden and shining, young and hopeful.
What would help now is if you would all kindly leave me be. I will not give an interview, I will not update the blog any more, and if you have a case for Sherlock, you need to contact him and not me.
I know it's only temporary. I know I have to take a break, and all the months that I try to avoid by going back to the start will creep back into my history. But writing has made me hungry for the first time in… I don't know how long. So I'm going to find something to eat, and then, I need to sleep.
There was a crash of thunder, followed by the whisper of rain on the window panes. My panting breaths fused with the storm in my ears. Another loud crash and I collapsed forward, catching myself on the door post, bowing my head and squeezing my eyes shut. It hurt so badly that it felt like a physical injury. I clutched my chest, and my mouth hung open around an agonised moan.
When I undressed him, every pore of his skin was exposed for me to see, every nuance of the blush spreading from his cheeks down over his chest, every tiny facial muscle that twitched with want. He let me see it all.
“Yes, but they need to be sorted according to a precise system”, Sherlock says, sounding as if everyone on the planet knows this.
We don't. They're decent enough, but they'll never be legends like Roligs Per or Dalfors Hans. Or indeed Soling Jacob, as the girl tells me this fiddler is called. He's dedicated his life to the music; doesn't have a family, apparently, but lives with his friend Soling Alfred, the church gardener. Keeps a few animals and lives a quiet life, except for every Saturday when he plays life into the floorboards of Sidensjö's dance barn.
John asks. It's blunt and greedy. He is staring at me as though the answer might be written in my pupils. In a metaphorical sense, I suppose it is.
John smiles genuinely at Mike Stamford who is approaching our table with three other white-coated people. It quickly becomes obvious that they are all friends from university. I loathe university friends, and not only my own (although “friends” is a stretch in my case). In this type of group I always feel disgustingly small; once more the strange boy who is struggling to grow into his long limbs and sharp bone structure.
John can’t help giggling at this point. Sherlock ignores him in favour of furiously studying socks inches from his nose – any moment now, smoke will come out of his ears. He sorts socks with an intensity John never imagined the task could inspire, ranting about Mycroft’s evil ways – and God help him, John loves him so much.
“You did ask someone about my first name, though.” My voice has turned low and private. “Last night.”
On their way home from such cases, John thinks of nothing but Sherlock, and Sherlock is the bright being he was that first night.
On a stale summer day, the city looks pale and dulled. The overcast sky leaks bright grey onto the streets of Paris, making the cobblestones below my attic window drab. My walls become an undefined, dirty white, and the red lights of the Moulin Rouge across the street are permanently out. The world seems deserted now the doors to the brothel are locked, and the windmill that rises above the entrance looks lonely. It looked even more so before, back when the blades were always turning aimlessly. When the elephant still stood in the courtyard, it seemed dusty in the daylight. You could see, then, the tackiness of the golden ornament covering the head.
I was no longer afraid to look at myself and find the broken shell of a soldier. When I looked into the mirror above my cracked sink, I sometimes tried to see what Sherlock saw. I put my hair in order in the morning thinking
John looks up at Sherlock, searching his eyes. His arm hangs awkwardly from where Sherlock holds his hand, tugging impatiently. Sherlock looks sleepily confused, looking back at John with eyes narrowed from light sensitivity. He's completely oblivious to the implications of this, John realises. He's clueless about the rules, because he's never done any of it. No lovers, and no friends.
“Right”, Stamford said, turning to us and leaning forward in his chair. “Sherlock, why don't you take it from
We are approaching the opened exit. I draw the jacket further up around her face to spare her the flashing lights outside. Aside from the police cars there is also an ambulance here – good. And then there is the sleek, black car just pulling up in the car park.
And then it's Sherlock's lips, touching John's mouth and stilling. Not fearful, just staying in place without moving, without pressing, without demanding anything. John breathes Sherlock's air through his nose, thinking how this is as close as he's ever been to Sherlock, maybe as close as anyone's been. It's not a kiss, only the closest thing to a kiss two friends can come, the ultimate border of what friends can do. It's feeling, it's smelling, it's being.
White and brown and promises of new green. Blue scarf. Rosy cheeks. Floating undersea-rainbows. Calm shoulders. Shallow breath.
Speaking of Mary, I've been thinking a bit about her. For a long time I'd almost forgotten her, to be honest. When I think about her now, I wonder what her motives really were for keeping me away from Sherlock. She made it sound like she wanted to support me, but… all that speaking about what a bloody good man I am, rubbing the guilt in. Then she told me I couldn't trust him, and that turned out awfully well for her, if she wanted to keep me to herself.
I was on the sofa when he got home yesterday. He was a bundle of energy, dashing in with shoes still on and coat flaring out behind him. I thought he didn't even see me, which was just as well, because I was a bundle of desperate nerves. He flew down the hallway into the bedroom, probably to check on the wallpaper experiment.
” I murmured in his ear. He turned his face over his shoulder, quietly looking into my eyes. The tendons of his long throat stood out. “
The image of a phone passing from one set of hands to another, gets lodged in his airways somehow. If he breathes it'll become tears in his eyes.
All I had to do now was soldier through the poetry reading with this unknown prince of Holmes', pretending to know what I was doing.
“The life of an underweight, dyslexic nurse is at stake – is that not the type of situation you regularly demand that I care about,
“I have set up the elephant chamber for you”, he said in the end, unspoken words in his breath. Sherlock didn't acknowledge him. Holmes watched him for a few more seconds, then left with a quiet: “Good luck.”
White and brown and promises of new green. Blue scarf. Rosy cheeks. Floating undersea-rainbows. Calm shoulders. Shallow breath.
John lifts his head. He can see every move he makes play out on Sherlock's face. His eyes are closed and the red spots blooming on his cheeks are something John has never seen on him before.
The dancers carried us towards one another. The music swelled, Sherlock's face cracked in a victorious smile, and we reached out for each other. Just as we met in the middle, the last chord proudly rang out, and the red curtain fell closed.
He lives, looking healthy and unharmed with an intact skull and glistening eyes and shiny curls, not a man who has just today risen from the grave, but a man who has been alive for three years and not told me.
I rise to face him. He pauses for a beat, giving me a mock bow before dancing away with a smirk. I quell the laughter bubbling up inside me; he's
“Ah, John! We have a case.” He pours the last of the coffee down his throat while holding out John's jacket. John raises his eyebrows.
Standing before the mirror, Sherlock stared into his own lifeless eyes as Moriarty fastened the heavy necklace around his throat. It fitted snugly, almost choking him, and the diamonds fell down in a cascade decorating his upper chest.
As you've gathered at this point, traditionally Swedish folk dance is quite heteronormative, with the man leading and the woman following. That's all changing now, though! The young generation is
“I can't-” I gasped. I pressed my face into the crease of his thigh, breathing hard, kissing his shaft with open mouth when I could achieve enough presence of mind to do so. “I'm sorry, you- You're so- oh-”
I step in front of William to make our first turn. This is the moment of truth, when we will know if this actually works between us – but God, I shouldn't have worried. I've never once seen William do a couple's dance, but he follows my lead entirely without flaw. I wonder how I ever doubted that he knows how to dance polska, even how to follow – of
When he turns to look at me, I can feel it all along the right side of my body. I pretend not to notice, though, steadily eyeing the water surface.
“Because I thought probably nobody had hoovered under your bed since we moved in. And then, um. I found this.” He turns the mug over in his hands and Sherlock finally raises his head.
John looks tired but entirely calm. He watches me when I flutter about the hospital room, unpack the bag and show him the articles he asked for. He smiles at the baby clothes I present. I realise now that I am the one to have chosen the first clothes she will ever wear.
He didn't move, just stared into the night and the furtive city, tears forming in his eyes by the wind.
At this point, my smile was far too fond. “I promise, I won't let him do anything that doesn't make you breathtaking”, I said, regretting it the moment I felt the words shape on my tongue.
I turn my back to the Liss house and walk towards the gate. The frost crunches under my shoes. I tip my head back to look at the moon.
The flat still smells like an unwashed arse from the prawns. They search in the cabinet under the sink, and when they don't find any remaining shells, they open all the windows. They're soon freezing, sitting bundled together on her bed, the cold somehow making the persistent stench even more distasteful.
The bees hold onto each other, creating chains hanging between his hand and the tree branch as he slowly lowers his hand to the hive box. They crawl onto the wood and start disappearing in between the slots to investigate. A little group of bees still cling to his skin, crawling happily in circles around each other.
(Melancholy) – Writing soundtrack for the skinny dipping. (It's a waltz played by a Norwegian folk music band - both Norwegian and Finnish folk music sound very similar to Swedish.)
I know I'm probably staring, but I can't for the life of me tear my gaze away. How can seventeen years even be
His beautiful voice was sugary and dulled in the room crowded with dresses and corsets, not even half of them his own.
During the nights, when John is in bed, his room is dark and the air cool. He's never been a fan of classical music, and he's also never been a fan of noise in the middle of the night. But the way Sherlock's bow caresses strings of notes that John has never heard before, makes him feel like Sherlock's scent has followed him into bed.
One a.m. finds them in a compromising position. John is digging his fingers into Sherlock's hips and panting across his sweaty back, when Sherlock suddenly moves away, making John slip out of him. John falls forward in surprise, but before he can ask, Sherlock is on his back, hooking his knees over John's shoulders.
“John, there you are!” Gregory called from stage. “Sherlock refuses to do this dialogue if the clarinettist doesn't turn the other way.”
Holmes stared into Sherlock's eyes without blinking. “He does not see it that way. He made a specific request of seeing you every night at eight, and a man such as he is used to getting what he asks for. Without him supporting you, you will be nothing.”
I found a sort of chilly comfort in knowing that I was built for moments like these. The soldier in me wouldn't waver. I knew before I spoke that my voice would be calmer than ever, for it has only ever been quite that low and dangerous when I've been in the midst of a battle.
I tear the door open. William stumbles back to avoid getting the door in his face, cutting himself off in the middle of the rhyme.
Everything is acute in a way it wasn't in the hotel bed. Sensations flood Sherlock's consciousness and blend with the data he has filed from this morning until they settle in his mind, his bones, his blood. Making sense of it all, infusing it with reality.
I am the first to hold her. I am the one to carry her from the room she was born in and out into the vastness of the world.
When it's time to erect the midsummer pole, it's always the same six men stepping forward to show off their strength. The large cross is beautifully wrapped in birch leaves, and the two big flower wreaths hanging from it are made out of the flowers that always bloom in late June; wood cranes-bill, buttercups and cow parsley. The Liss grandmother is the one leading the song and ring dance as usual, accompanied by the Mura father's accordion. When the verdant pole stands proudly in the middle of the village green, I grab Mikael's and Greger's hands and pull them with me to the circle of people surrounding it.
When I finished cleaning, 221B was unrecognisable. But it was not enough. I went down the stairs and banged on Mrs Hudson's door until she opened it, curlers in place and pink dressing gown wrapped around her. I'd given her a fright, apparently, waking her in the middle of the night, but when I told her we have John’s baby all was forgiven. We spent the better part of an hour discussing life with a newborn and produced a list of necessary items. Now, annoyingly, I have to wait for the shops to open.
We stared at each other in the following silence. A map of everything we had done was suddenly superimposed on my flat, our bodies imprinted all over it; all the places where I had held him, where he had whimpered against my skin, where he had surrendered everything that he always held on to so tightly. He saw it too, because he didn't look outraged any longer, he only looked frightened. I wanted to walk up to him, to save him from the cruel open space in the middle of the floor, to hide him in my arms. Soon, I promised myself, soon I will.
When Sherlock's head lolled to the side, the light fell on his mouth. I gasped when I realised that the red streak in the corner of his mouth wasn't lipstick. It was the same colour, but when I touched it with trembling fingers, blood clung to my skin.
During the days, their bodies move in constant sync. John knows how warm and soft Sherlock is even when he pretends he isn't, because sometimes John puts his hands on him or hugs him just to check. He knows the smell of Sherlock, the scent living on Sherlock's skin and clinging to John's.
It's like a sunny day in winter. Around noon, the house is quiet. The radiator, the traffic outside, the occasional rush in the pipes, it all creates a special kind of silence. The sun posts squares of gold on the walls, and dancing over them: rainbows.
John looks up at him. His skin is almost unearthly, pale in the moonlight. His features are sharp against the cascade of colours on the night sky above them. He is utterly breathtaking.
At seven thirty, John is waiting. He knows what time zone this is, and when Sherlock slowly approaches him John sees that he knows too. Sherlock stops in front of John, looks into his eyes and pushes a tender hand through John's short hair.
When he came, it was with a quiet exhalation, his head jerking up to bury in the shirt I was still wearing. I came in my own hand while his cock was still twitching, and in that moment… everything was fine. Sherlock was etched inside me, living in my blood, and all the pain in the world was just… gone.
And then… the gun slotting into place in my hand like the piece of a puzzle. Our steps falling into sync despite our height difference. Our hearts pumping faster, making it easier and easier to breathe. Fresh air in our lungs, clarity, unity, trust.
Sherlock turns his head on the pillow. His eyes are gleaming in the dark, and John can just make out the hill of his cheekbone.
“Shhhhhh”, John whispers. “We must stay quiet. Be quiet, Sherlock. Even when I lower my hand, like you did, to touch your…”
As you may have gathered by now, we aim to post a new chapter every week. I hope I'll see you for the next one!
He nodded mutely. I let go of his hand, and he already looked lonely, standing in the red darkness of the elephant with hair in disarray and a blush still decorating his cheekbones.
Sherlock's fingers dig into John's back, pulling them closer together. “John”, he whispers stupidly. Someone passes them by on the platform, talking loudly on the phone, reminding Sherlock that they are in public – and what happened to his suitcase? He abruptly steps back from John and sees his bag toppled over on the ground a few steps behind him. “Did I…?”
And I will never love anyone else like I loved him. What we had, what it was… yes, what it was, was love. It's… incomparable to what I have with Mary. I don't know if I have anything with Mary, really.
Sherlock pretends to consider. “One. Maybe two. Ten. One hundred and thirty.” He shrugs. “Just take all of them.”
The sleeves of his jumper are rolled up, revealing underarms with shifting muscles under tanned skin. His hands look traitorously unassuming, holding a potato-peeler and an innocuous vegetable, but they are confident and capable and, Sherlock knows, deadly.
“You haven't included a performance for my character. I am the star of this production, I should be properly introduced with a dance number showcasing me.”
Sherlock is having difficulty breathing even from such a simple contact. Though nothing about John is ever simple. Even in the simplest of kisses, John Watson-Holmes hides a strong intent, whether it is to invite Sherlock into a sexual encounter or, as now, to show Sherlock that he finds him precious. This kind of kiss has been known to nearly make Sherlock swoon on several occasions, one of them the first kiss they shared as a married couple.
Does he care about me at all – how can I be sure that he does? How can I be sure that he'll turn up outside my door tomorrow the way he used to do?
We dance one polska and one waltz before there is a pause in the music. The girl thanks me and leaves. I crane my neck to see what's going on.
Stamford didn't answer, he only smiled wider, and I suddenly had the suspicion that this wasn't all such a coincidence after all.
And all the while, a scene of horror played out in the tower, exploding in my mind as I ran up the stairs.
“So what’s missing, then, from the basis needed to form a romantic relationship, are the romantic feelings. Correct?”
– and he'd ended up wandering through the village for hours. Greger had at least been let inside, but he'd made the mistake of choosing a girl whose father hated him for no apparent reason. According to Greger's graphic retelling, the father had kept coming into the room to make sure nothing inappropriate was going on.
“No, right now I'm your exhausted flatmate and angry friend who needs you to stop taking risks like that.”
“I know how important the Work is to you.” John grabs the butter and carries it to the table. “I would never want to get in the way of that.”
The words choked off my laugh, making my breath stutter when I managed to keep them in, almost too late.
The brief conversation with Mrs Hudson is awkward, but John doesn't care about that either. “I just need to save us both from hypothermia”, he says, and he makes his shower as quick as possible. When he gets into Sherlock's bedroom, the water is still running in the bath.
My body was unguarded and tears were flowing from my eyes. My panting had turned into sobs and I was holding his head against my chest, my fingers infinitely careful in his locks. He let me cry into his hair, still silent, slowly stroking my neck.
It all happens so very slowly. There is this careful balance between us. There is the swallowing of anger when it blooms up, because the argument is old and tired and there's nothing new for either of us to say. There are awkward silences in between the comfortable ones.
John sinks back down into the mattress, trying to grasp the enormity of what just happened. He was wrong. Not the best sex in ages, but the best sex of his entire goddamn life. Which shouldn't even be possible as it must have been the
What was already a necessity to touch becomes a powerful urge. What was the comfort of familiar clothes becomes the thrill of naked skin.
“What on earth are you watching?” Sherlock says disgustedly while making himself comfortable on the other end of the sofa.
William is deep in thought for a long time. When he swallows the last of his caramel, he finally glances at me. “What?” he asks, and I realise I've been staring.
Holmes looked down at the toes of his shoes for a moment. Then he raised his head again, sad determination on his face.
Sherlock rises from the floor on stiff legs and removes his hand from his pants with a disgusted grimace.
The rest of the day was just kisses, everywhere we went. Chaste, almost all of them. Finally fell asleep with my lips against his neck.
“John?” I turn around so quickly I almost lose my balance, but it's only Stambro Mikael. “We're going home now, you coming?”
When John’s head is resting only a few inches from his shoulder, he stops speaking and turns his head. John is deeply asleep and it’s three in the afternoon. He studies John’s face and sees evidence of his exhaustion.
At seven p.m., Sherlock is stretched out on the sofa, weak after eating much more food than he is used to. John is washing up when Sherlock bolts up from the sofa, stomps through the room, presses a quick kiss to John's lips, and then stomps back.
“He saved your life?” I repeated. “Thank you”, I added when she came over to my table and put the bread in front of me. She sat down in the other chair.
When I'm not paying attention, I fail to tear my eyes away from his mesmerising undersea-rainbows. It's true what Greg says, we do seem to communicate a lot through looks only. When did we slip back into that? I can't believe we're back to knowing each other well enough for it to work.
He's still quieter, he's still somehow smaller than he was before. Like he doesn't dare to reach out and fill the spaces around him. But more and more often he sparks into life and he isn't only satisfied with his work, he's also joyful. When he dissolves into giggles, he seems to forget everything about who he is, who he thinks he's supposed to be, who he's afraid to be.
Fresh air. Melting snow, slush and mud. Pouring water in spontaneous brooks. Hint of sun through thin cloud cover.
When they get home, Sherlock lies stiffly on the sofa and John makes himself a cup of tea. Just when he has burrowed into his chair with a sigh, Sherlock springs up and grabs his coat.
After a while, John starts to feel creepy. Staring at sleeping friends isn't something he normally does. He should go and sleep himself – only that would certainly wake Sherlock up. And then he'll probably refuse to go back to sleep, the stubborn git, and he will be all grumpy yet another day. John reaches out for a pillow, puts it against the wall behind his head and tries to get comfortable against it.
He looked at me as if wanting to say something more, searching my face in frustration when he didn't find what he hoped for. Finally, he grunted and turned away, swiftly striding across the dance floor. Even his walk looked like a dance.
Suddenly, the dancers ducked away and the lights dimmed, reduced to a single cold blue spotlight. There, in the middle of the stage, the Hindu Dancer appeared. His clothes were glistening as if they were made, not of fabric, but of a thousand jewels clinging to his skin. His eyes and lips were dark, his curls were sinful. A crown of thin silver chains rested across his forehead and formed a metal plume around the back of his head. The blue light made his pale skin glow like a diamond. He walked forward with enviable confidence, knowing that he was the most beautiful dancer in the whole world, knowing that he had earned every gemstone that decorated him.
When they have sex for the first time, he realises how long it's really been; it's better than he remembered, which is a bit pathetic. He's still wrung out and sated when he comes home early in the morning, and for the first time in months, he lies down in his own bed upstairs.
Sherlock frowns when he walks into the living room for their Bond night. His eyes flicker over the sofa, then he walks the final distance and lies down beside him. John inches back into the cushions, welcoming Sherlock into his embrace. He slides his arm around Sherlock's chest to keep him from falling off, shifting until they find a good position.
I'm standing on a porch so modest it's mostly a wooden plank wedged in the mud. The door before me is very small. Unassuming and thin, and yet a ruthless barrier between this cold night and the warm bed inside.
No? Then why did you come back by sending me a stupid TEXT to stop me getting engaged? I'd texted you for years, and
John steps back. Sherlock takes a moment to compose himself, then he lowers his chin and opens his eyes. John is biting his lip again.
Half an hour later, John is annoyed. Sherlock has forbidden him to leave for Tesco before the new year has begun in Tokyo. “If you insist on kissing me, you could come with me, you know”, John had said, to which Sherlock only rolled his eyes.
The heartfelt music winds its way around us and binds us together. I never knew a polska could be so
Speaking of my travel: This fic has been quite influenced by me meeting my beta and friend. For example, John's remark about not knowing how to explain what William is to him - that's how I feel about her. This is what she commented on that, in the middle of the markup for this chapter:
I don't know if this notebook is yours or mine – I thought it was mine, because I've written in it before, but now I found it in the clutter on your desk. Last time I saw it, I wrote a secret letter to you the morning after our first time together. Come to think of it, that's probably why I left it at 221B when I moved out.
John is silent. For every second that passes in which John stays silent, there is a ringing in my ears getting louder. It sounds as though every seam in my mind palace is creaking, trying to expand under the implication of new information.
Sherlock has no idea what he is doing but it doesn't matter. His mouth feels amazing, his breath tastes divine, and his tongue grazes the inside of John's lips with single minded-attention. John is so turned on that he isn't sure what his pelvis is doing – he thinks he's at least managing not to hump Sherlock's thigh. But Sherlock is stirring restlessly on top of him, the hardness digging into John's hip making John ache to move against him. When Sherlock's tongue first touches his, he almost passes out from pleasure. John clutches his fingers tightly in Sherlock's hair, otherwise he doesn't trust himself not to grope Sherlock's bottom and press him in harder.
“So we have to try. It’s the only way. When unsure about the behaviour of any compound, experiments have to be run.”
I almost choke on my saliva. I didn't think he could shock me any more than he did last week by turning up here in the first place (and by shamelessly exchanging the word
Sherlock's pause is barely there. “Of course”, he says indifferently before turning back to his microscope, as if John asks this every evening. As if this is all
“No, it’s not about that. It’s about everything. I’ve been wrong about so many things. Who I could be with, what a relationship should be…” John pauses, then nods to himself. “I just think I should be with someone more like you.”
The twenty-ninth year, when Lestrade retires, John and Sherlock travel for cases. Sherlock's smooth voice pours through foreign syllables in a myriad of languages John had no idea that he spoke. Somehow, Sherlock makes every one of them sexy. Nine hotel room beds and seven showers, the Eiffel tower, aeroplanes, a closet in a suspect's house, a desk in a policeman's office, the Sagrada Família church in Barcelona, a pool after closing hours, and a balcony in Egypt all get added to the list of weird places they did it in.
During the evenings, their bodies end up pressed together on the sofa at Bond nights that Sherlock doesn't even pretend to hate any more. The smell of Sherlock wraps around John.
Sherlock is still awake, and he's sulky, ignoring John and stomping when he walks barefoot across the floors. John leaves him alone and readies himself for bed. When he enters the bedroom, Sherlock has also moved to the bed, eyes already closed. John lies down beside him with a contented sigh – it was nice to be out, but it's nice to come home too.
my life’s biggest mistake? What if I’m meant to live my life with you, if this is actually the best foundation a relationship could ever have… and I miss it just because I’m so afraid of trying?”
Irene was lit by a white stage light that made her black topknot shine. Molly took a position in front of her, with a tense distance of untrodden floorboards between them. The music trembled and quaked. Irene and Molly shifted minutely. All eyes were on them, and the musicians looked up, curious, prepared to play a game. When they started up a powerful tango beat, Irene and Molly each took a hard step on the floor.
John looks at him, just far away enough to be able to focus on John's face. His eyes look ice-blue in the strange lighting. They watch John intently as if trying to take him apart, as if he's the only thing in the world worth the effort. Having this gaze directed at him is a high that never dulls.
stop it!” John kicks Sherlock's foot lightly, shoving his shin in between Sherlock's. Sherlock feels his face heating while he tries to wrestle John's leg away.
“Found this on the floor”, he said, laughter hidden in his voice. “Must have forgotten it when you danced.”
This is why he is completely unprepared and in fact just about to begin another sentence when John suddenly pulls back, giving Sherlock a split second to see his face, and then leans in again. His lips land on Sherlock’s without a trace of hesitation. Sherlock’s mind screeches to a halt.
I ignored him. He stayed anyway, and he should get credit for that, really, because the smell must have been awful in here. Eventually he approached me – bravely, I might add – and gave me a glass of water, which I accepted without looking at him.
As more people filled the dance floor, I couldn't stand still any longer. There was a large circle around me that nobody dared to tread, not even Mary. I paced along the edges of the floor, but watching the tango wasn't enough to distract me from imagining.
Molly started clapping her hands, but Holmes' face didn't so much as twitch to acknowledge it. When no one else joined in the applause, she awkwardly stopped, trapping her hands between her knees.
I tentatively reached out, unable to believe this was really happening. My fingers touched his waist like a question. He ended the kiss and whispered to me, the smooth French brushing against my moistened lips:
When the workshop was quiet apart from the rasp from sandpaper, when my hands were quietly talking to a piece of wood – in those rare instances when my mind was entirely at ease – I could steal a moment to dream. And what I dreamt of was the taste of raspberry caramels and the door to the Liss house opening for me again in the spring.
The only thing that could possibly distract me from Sherlock's eyes in that moment was Sherlock's mouth. His lips were full and perfectly shaped in an asymmetric way that begged for exploration, painted thickly with a stark red that was mesmerising when his mouth moved. Under my eyes, it twisted into a knowing smile, and suddenly I was spun onto the dance floor.
Sherlock doesn’t know how to continue. This is not what John is supposed to say. He is supposed to put an end to every errant hope that may be awoken in Sherlock’s chest.
A breath shudders through me and lands me back on the wooden floorboards. I put down my other knee on the floor and grasp his hands.
We will meet again. Tonight, tomorrow, in the notes from Stamford's piano, in the eyes of Martha, between the smudged lines on these pages. In other stories, told by me, told by others. In parallel worlds, in the future, in the past. We will always meet, and we will always love one another.
The Moulin Rouge was a red beacon across the street. The turn of the blades was silent but powerful, overseeing the parties and sinful meetings of Montmartre. It was beautiful against the dark-blue sky, and I watched it for a while, looking for the poetry in it.
As promised, four new chapters! I still have more finished, but again I'll give it a few days. I'll be back soon, I promise.
It is unfair. Unacceptable, really. Sherlock has a right to know everything about John. He is the one who has made a point of studying and cataloguing everything that John is. To keep John in his mind palace. To keep John
He really can't afford a new one. He also can't imagine giving up the device that was the first link between Sherlock and him. When Sherlock held it then, he saw right through John and decided that he wanted to keep him. When John holds it now, he feels like he matters.
I was standing by the large opening at the front of the head. The view was framed by the golden heart-shaped hole that started by my feet and stretched over my head. From there, the whole of Paris was stark in its contrasts of darkness and glow, of colours and black. The air was cool and the electricity was hot, grazing my fingertips when I moved. I had been graced with the finest room of the entire Moulin Rouge for my poetry reading with Sherlock, and never had the night been so vibrantly alive as when I stood there, waiting for him to arrive.
Afterwards, he was lying in my arms, back pressed against me. He was cooling fast under a layer of sweat, so I put us under the covers, stroking his chest and his arms to keep him warm.
The twenty-seventh year, Rosie is heartbroken. She moves out of the flat she shared with her girlfriend and moves back into 221B. When John gets home from work the flat is always silent but for the turning pages of Rosie's and Sherlock's intense studying.
He could wake up at any moment. If not that, then John could decide that a few kisses in a faraway cottage is quite enough.
“The conversion of the Moulin Rouge into a theatre will be very expensive, Holmes.” Moriarty sat slouching in a chair before Holmes' oversized desk. His voice was drawling and his gaze was wandering over the tasteful artwork on the office walls. The red blades flashed outside the window behind Holmes himself.
“Oh.” I glanced down at myself stupidly, and the fairly worn black waistcoat I had put on over one of my regular off-white shirts. “Um, thanks.”
At university, I made a mistake. I never loved Sebastian, in fact I hated him, but I discovered that in letting a man into me, I somehow gave him an entrance through the ice. In giving my body, I also gave control, and I am sure you can imagine how that control may be abused in the wrong hands. When I got out of that association, I promised myself to never again let anyone come into me and make me smaller than I am.
Sherlock turns around. He has been lying with John pressed against his back, but he wants to see John’s face for this.
His hand strangely warm despite the cold of the night. Sitting side by side on a picnic blanket, trembling and holding on.
It wasn't until I opened my mouth that I realised that the poem I'd just fabricated, had been following a melody in my head. It was Stamford's composition, the one that had kept me company during my university years and never left me since.
The thirty-fifth year, Rosie gets married. John thinks they will manage not to cry, but when the brides enter the aisle with beautiful hair and radiant eyes, he hears Sherlock sniffle once and then John is done for. When the party is over and they lie in bed, they laugh over how soppy they have become, although Rosie would argue that they always were.
The twentieth year, John makes sure he is thoroughly equipped for Rosie's puberty. He buys every sort of menstrual hygiene product he can find (and the number of options shocks him, but he pulls through). He raises the question of having the Talk, but Sherlock rolls his eyes and tells John he took care of that eight years ago.
John doesn't notice how far he is leaning over the table until the waitress comes and puts a plate between them. Sherlock quickly leans back in his chair, giving the waitress a puzzled look. John smiles to himself; they're both forgetting where they are, then. Truth be told, John is surprised there are other people still existing, when every single important thing is contained at their table.
John sits on the edge of the bed. “Me too.” He turns around to smile at Sherlock. “It’s not so scary any more. It just feels right.”
“You thought you weren't extraordinary, you thought you were no more than an old gunshot wound and an imaginary leg injury. You thought you were grey, and you showed the world how grey you were. Well, if you had known me, you would have known you wouldn't fool me.”
When I stepped into his open doorway, I had the bitter satisfaction of seeing him jump. He spun around fast, as if not believing the image of me in his mirror. His eyes were wide in naked terror.
The doors to the balcony were open, and on the threshold stood Moriarty. The moon made the side of his midnight-blue suit white. The shadows were long and dark on the floor. Everything was in blue, black and cold white, except for the red windmill blades outside the windows.
“Nonsense”, Holmes said, “Sherlock has looked forward to this night immensely. It is, assuredly, all that he has wanted.”
Breakfast is a disaster. They keep getting in the way of each other; John’s bare forearms and the way the muscles play beneath his skin; his grin when he catches Sherlock looking; their hands tangling together, drawing each other in.
In the cupboard, we scarcely heard anything from the rehearsals nearby. The small room amplified our breathing in our ears. When our laughter ceased, Sherlock was gazing at me from under his lashes.
Sherlock reached the door in the opposite side of the room, and looked back at the man. “Welcome to the Moulin Rouge”, he smiled, then dashed off. I stumbled out after him before either of those two had regained enough composure to speak. I was giggling despite myself. Sherlock glanced at me, something like a low, breathy chuckle in his throat while he kept jogging down another corridor. “They're not going to like that”, he muttered. “Better get out of here.”
He broke the kiss long enough to pull off my shirt, but I didn't manage more than undo the top buttons of his. At the point where he rose slightly on his knees, bringing his entrance to the tip of my cock, he was sweating in his clothes, the roots of his hair damp under my fingers.
It's their last song for the evening, and when they silence they are immediately replaced by Drömme spelmanslag. They play a variation of the song in triple time; a polska. I wish that the mud beneath my feet were hardwood and that I had a girl to lead through a dance.
causes a similar wreckage inside his mind as it did in mine. I cannot believe my own daring. He will know now.
“What on earth makes you believe I will enjoy that? I could be on a crime scene. I could be hunting a serial killer.”
He scoffed. “Moriarty is the one who makes all of this possible. Yesterday I was crowded into a dressing room together with the brainless whores, and today I have this.”
I rose from my chair. Sherlock leaned against the doorway for a second, watching my tentative steps towards him, then he let the door shut behind him. He was tall in a pair of black stiletto boots, with high shafts that disappeared under the hem of his tightly buttoned coat.
Sherlock opens his mouth on a trembling breath. But John is not in a hurry. He tastes Sherlock's lips, sliding them slowly between his own. Caressing kisses that gradually claim more of his mouth, gradually move deeper. When their tongues finally touch, a persistent heat is rising in Sherlock's cheeks.
I wanted to ask her how she knew, if Sherlock had been talking about me, but couldn't find a way to do that without sounding pathetic.
I leaned down, pressing my trembling mouth onto his. He met me weakly, just a soft welcome resting on his lips. The kiss tasted of salt. Lipstick. Iron. Sherlock.
. I leaned in slowly, lowering my eyes. His lips parted on cue, as if the weight of my gaze did it. Then he tore himself away.
“I dunno.” I turn onto my back, breaking eye contact. “It's nothing I haven't seen before”, I say casually. “I dance too, you know.”
The seventeenth year, Rosie is quiet and slumped when she gets home from school. The air gets heavy and fragile in the evenings, Rosie poking at her food, her fathers sharing worried glances across the table. One night, Sherlock spends hours and hours with her on his lap by the microscope, and from bed John can hear her finally talking in a hushed tone. Sherlock's voice is deep and calming, until Rosie is in bed. Then Sherlock storms into the bedroom, telling John in furious whispers about the idiot girls who won't let Rosie play with them because of her interest in science and mechanics, and the idiot boys who won't let her play because she is a girl, and the idiot teachers who pretend everything is fine. Sherlock wants to go there and deduce them straight back to hell, but John goes instead, talking the teachers down with cold fury and explaining to the wide-eyed children what it is they are doing to their classmate. Then he takes Rosie home and finds her a new school.
John shrugs and hangs his jacket on the hook. “It's a time to spend with your loved ones. I thought you might be going to see your parents.”
Sherlock knew the Moulin Rouge better than anyone. Better than a curious child who has explored all the spaces to make them into a fantasy world, better than a controlling owner who prides himself on knowing everything that goes on in the halls. Sherlock knew it
He startles violently and spins around. His momentarily fearful eyes widen more when he sees me. “John!” – it tumbles out of his mouth.
My world had shrunk down to his lips. Chaste kisses turned sensual over the course of hours. In bed, on my back, with the curtains closed and the lights out, he was hovering over me, his mouth slowly devouring mine. Savouring every slide of tongues.
When he took me in, his head was thrown back, mouth gaping. He was still, except for the way his folded legs trembled under my hands. I could barely bear to keep my eyes open, overwhelmed by the privilege of being allowed inside him. He was so warm, making room for me, and he held me so tightly.
“You think you can run after that funny little writer like a lovesick teenager without me knowing? You think
Sherlock shrugs. “Dig for worms in the garden and experiment on them. Practise the names of plants and herbs.” He pauses, then adds: “Dress up in grandmother’s old clothes.”
I rose from the bed, changing into a fresh shirt. I hoisted the braces onto my shoulders while staring into the mirror above the cracked sink. My jaw was set hard when I quickly put my damp hair in order. The lines of my face made me once again look like the damaged soldier who had been invalided home from war not that long ago. Somehow, that comforted me.
“Well, the composers are going to work very hard to find the perfect arrangement for this number. Not right now, because now we need to continue the rehearsal in order to keep to the schedule.” I pointed at him. “
He stared at the ceiling. I couldn't read his expression, but not because he was guarding it, only because he was deep in his thoughts.
Sherlock looks at him steadily. “I know”, he says in an emotionless voice. “That would be me; you are bisexual.”
Soling Jacob starts up a halling tune, keeping time loudly with his foot. The tune is dark and dramatic, the common-time beat ruthless and heavy.
The twenty-fourth year, Rosie moves out. The silence is sudden and they constantly stumble on the gap she left behind.
The third person in the room suddenly shifted in the shadows. His hand moved to cover the gun in his belt, but it was a redundant gesture for Mycroft Holmes.
“Do you know, Sherlock”, John says in a low voice, “what I enjoy doing when I get home from a long day at work?”
John has to take a deep breath through his nose, not trusting himself to open his mouth without begging Sherlock to take him. He steels himself and looks down, almost throwing his head back again at the surge going through him when he sees Sherlock hovering just above John's tented pants, staring up at him with burning eyes from under his lashes.
She scrunched up her nose with an adorable smile. “Oh, only a little. A woman my age isn't what most clients are looking for, but once in a while one comes along. No, I mostly help out behind the scenes these days, do some dances if they aren't too wild. Help Sherlock get dressed and make sure he eats.”
We laughed for what could have been hours, at some point I lost track of what was funny. He was gasping for air and that might just be my favourite sound in the world. I mean, not in any context, not when he's being suffocated or when he has a nightmare obviously, but when he laughs, or when he has run and managed to catch whoever he was chasing, or – well, I think I should leave this now.
“Let's get you into bed”, John says, and the way Sherlock readily lets himself be led from the kitchen without protest, shows how knackered he is. He can't even be bothered to open his eyes, the git. “Hey, watch where you're putting your feet”, John says softly, guiding him with one hand on the small of his back and the other on his elbow. Sherlock's eyes open, blinking in adorable confusion, immediately seeking out John.
“What? Why in the world would you think that? You are utterly beautiful. And very sexy. If that’s okay.”
I dropped my hand and shook my head at the floor. “You were just a kid.” I looked up at him, and he shrugged.
. The deduction of what war John was in isn't necessarily accurate in a historical timeline - I did do some research, as Iraq didn't exist in 1895 and I had to exchange it for another country. I found a list of where Britain was sending troupes during this time period, but I readily admit that I didn't dive too deep into what went down in Burma i the early 1890's before I chose it. Apologies to all war-history enthusiasts.
“Yes”, he breathed into my hipbone. His sensuous French curled deep in my belly: “I want to, John. Let me have you, John.”
“She thinks she hasn't found them all yet”, John says. “We texted yesterday, she wanted to return a shirt I've forgotten at her place. She told me the flat still stinks, even though she has washed the carpet twice.” Not a muscle moves on Sherlock's face. John waits a few more seconds, then he casually adds: “Where are the prawns?”
He never let me see. Always had to be strong and beautiful, even when on the inside he was crumpling and burning. He comforted me, but didn't ask anyone to comfort
would dream of if I picked seven flowers. If it would be a faceless girl with a bluebell skirt… or if it would be a strong back framed with braces, a head of black curls and piercing, pale eyes.
John’s eyes become soft. “I know all that anyway.” He reaches out and touches the back of Sherlock’s hand with his fingertips. “You’re my husband and my best friend. I know you.”
The bow. That's important. Why is it important? The suspended chord tells him it is, so he lets it lead him. Up into the stairwell. Ah, he enjoys this part. The redecoration is still fairly recent, but the metal banister rail is already familiar under his hands. And there, against his palms, is that voice again; a tenor, slightly congested, the first fricative perpetually exasperated:
The air in my flat was easy, shimmering with untold stories. It was one of those moments when I knew that if I sat down at my typewriter, writing would be effortless; simply a matter of plucking those stories from the air and letting my hands shape them.
Sherlock releases John's hair, collapsing against the gate and trying to catch his breath. John wipes his hand on the wet grass before he gets to his feet. He kisses Sherlock's slack lips through the gate.
Sherlock moves his head back, and John can feel his perceptive eyes on his face. Their noses accidentally bump together, and when Sherlock doesn't shift away, John pries one eye open. Sherlock's eyes are indeed open and awake, probably cataloguing something or other. John can't really bother to care – if he needs to know the exact number of eyelashes on John's left eye or something like that, it's likely for science. He closes his eye again.
“This man is a genius”, Gregory said. “We've got to have him. Michael, this is exactly the tone we were hoping for in the script.”
“Moriarty.” Holmes smiled stiffly. “What a pleasant surprise.” He took a small step to the side to dodge an acrobat executing a complicated somersault.
When the plates are empty, John sighs in relief and rearranges their position. Sherlock sits up against the armrest and John settles between his legs with a book.
. When Sherlock's hand starts moving minutely, and the pressure is increasing, and John isn't sure whether they're now actually having sex on a bus, he chokes out: “Jesus, Sherlock, we can't do this.”
John's phone lights up on the coffee table. As he reaches for it I catch the first line of a new text. Before I can produce a conscious thought about it there is a sudden sensation of liquid ice pouring into me and freezing my guts.
(Sammeles Anna's Bridal Polska) – This song really is by Dalfors Hans for Sammeles Anna on her wedding day, and the rumour is that he was in love with her. I mean, just listen to the song…
It would have been enough, if I had been able to make myself keep forgetting. But he was inside me, and his face was smooth and achingly beautiful, and he held onto me like I was all that kept him alive. I can't forget.
The force of his voice swept the room clean, bereaving it of every other sound. The silence pressed against my ears in the emptiness that followed.
The rule not to touch each other between the legs feels at once a little blurry, with Sherlock pressed against John’s thigh and John digging into Sherlock’s belly. But rules are rules. And though his body is screaming at him to break them, Sherlock feels safe knowing that John knows. He will not be overwhelmed by a hand suddenly cupping him, or stressed by the idea that he should do something for John. No; this is good.
He wrestled the knife from her hand before I could get to them, and as soon as I'd gotten hold of my gun the whole thing was over. She stayed on the ground while we waited for the police, and Sherlock was radiating nervous energy, pacing around us.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. His view of his brother was steadily changing, and it hurt. “Either you're lying to me, or you have in fact
The scene froze. Sherlock and I stared at him with big, guilty eyes, Sherlock's hand still hanging in the air in the middle of an angry gesture. For the first time I got a look at Moriarty. He was standing stock still, steady on both feet, the lines of his dark-blue suit precise and his hands calm in his trouser pockets. His black hair was slicked back with shiny oil, and he had a shadow of a stubble over his jaw and upper lip. His face looked dead when he silently watched us. For a moment, I have no idea how long, we were all locked in a stalemate, an unmoving triangle in the middle of the busy nightclub.
The inn seems comfortable enough. They get their keys, tread the stairs, find the door. Sherlock opens it, and then he stops dead.
When I came back to the dance hall, my eyes were still searching. They didn't rest until they found a head of perfect curls and a pale, sharp profile. Sherlock was sitting in one of the alcoves on the side with the script in his lap. He was reading it with a look of intense concentration, one slender hand absently stroking his bottom lip.
I do realise that the oxytocin from our contact must affect me as well as her. That would explain how calm, safe and perfectly happy I feel. How addicted I am becoming to holding her. I can see how from an evolutionary standpoint, this emotion is chemically designed to encourage me to protect a child at all cost so that my species may survive. Such is the nature of “love”.
His thoughts become clearer as the sweat cools. There is no way he can explain away what he just did.
Sherlock is on a roll. As soon as one case is closed, he jumps onto the next one, and all John can do is jump after him, gluing himself to the hem of Sherlock's coat. Days go by like this, disrupting life completely, mocking every routine. John eats when he's hungry and has five minutes to spare, and he sleeps on whatever surface is available when he can't hold himself upright any longer. He doesn't lie in a bed for days, but Sherlock's focused energy is contagious, and John forgets how much time passes by. He only cares about running after his friend until their blood surges through them and their bodies dissipate into the night.
He looked at me, glanced at the door and then back at Moriarty, starting to walk slowly towards him. I realised that he finally had Moriarty's attention, and I slowly, quietly rose to my feet behind his back. I winced every time the fabric of my clothes shifted – it would be crazy if we got away with this; a third person standing right there on the floor and not being discovered.
When Sherlock sighs audibly, John becomes aware that he's moving his hand slightly through Sherlock's hair. He glances down at Sherlock's closed eyes and not-quite-there smile, and squeezes his shoulder in a silent answer.
He made a little pirouette, turning on the spot with his eyes on my hand. Then he looked up at me from a frame of black eyeliner and mascara.
Once they're in a cab going to a crime scene, something thaws in the air between them. Laughter comes easily and conversation flies, and they always arrive too soon. But then the case begins, and that's glorious. Riding on Sherlock's roller-coaster thought processes, running side by side; there's a closeness in it that's almost like holding him in his arms.
I smile at him and rise from the bench to find a girl to dance with. We share a couple of dances, and all the while William remains sitting where I left him.
There was something in his face; I did glimpse it beneath the makeup. Something sad, such a contrast to the giggling man in the hallways. The corners of his mouth were heavy – but his eyes shone. They raked over me, and before I could ask him anything, he took me into his arms and kissed me with a passion that made me instantly forget my doubts.
William's ritual of packing his instrument into the case is a dance in itself. Now, since we're the only ones here and Soling Jacob is busy playing, I allow myself to stare as William wipes off the strings, caresses the stained wood and carefully handles the slim bow. He closes the case slowly around the precious fiddle. The locks click.
sensually. He pulls back leisurably, and the hot breath from his mouth makes something stir low in John's belly, far lower than it should.
I don't know what William will say. I only know that if I can't have him as mine, then my heart will break.
I closed my eyes, telling myself that it wasn't him. Why would he have sought me out, of all the potent men in this room? The tall man behind me swayed slightly to the music, hips moving sensually, and I moved together with him, letting the lively warmth and the heady scent of another body guide me. He let go of my hand to press his palm against my solar plexus. I made to turn around then, but his arms tightened to forbid me.
I had never felt such contempt for any human being as I did in that moment. I was perfectly aware of how little I had to offer Sherlock. And somewhere, in a dark corner of my mind, I resented myself for it. He was made for posh clothes and fancy rooms, he was made for diamonds. Dazzling intellect and ruthless success. Everything that I was not.
William looks around his room as if he too sees it for the first time. He looks a bit nervous, so I put my fingertips on his jaw and gently steer his head towards me. “Hello, you.” His pale eyes focus on me with a flash of hopeful light in them, before his eyelids drop when I lean in to kiss him.
A thrill went through me. Sherlock went first on the staircase, allowing me a devastating view of his behind working under tight suit trousers. When we reached the fourth floor, he yanked my door open and pulled me inside. He closed the door behind me in the same movement that crowded me against it, his mouth hot on mine before I had so much as taken a breath.
Sherlock looks back at him calmly, and though the flat is getting dark, the sun seems to be shining on his features.
I looked up from my typewriter to see Mary leaning against my table. You would think by the way she asked me that I had
A few boys are out already. We spot them from a distance, lurking at the top of a hill before they slink in between the houses. It almost looks as if they're wearing both horns and demon's tails, curling behind them before they disappear out of sight.
, exactly, but enough for me to instinctively wrap my arms around myself once I'm naked. The rain is light, but the little drops chill me. When I turn around, William is entirely covered in goose-flesh.
So I guess this is what it's gonna be. This is what it is. This is what I have and I'll just… take it.
I blinked. My tears poured down onto my cheeks, hurrying to my chin. Sherlock looked up at me, and he was smiling again. His breathing calmed. There was a relieved sound in it even as he choked for breath, because he had said all he needed to say. His eyes were warm, seeing nothing but me.
John pulls him into a hungry kiss and Sherlock is immediately reduced to a whimpering mess. How does John
When I had freed him of the boots, I bundled him up under my blankets, tangling both our hands together on the sheets between us until you couldn't tell one from the other.
“On the opening night, I have to sleep with Moriarty.” At once, I was furious with him for pausing to think, for voicing what we both knew but pretended we didn't. He said it, and there was no going back from it. “You will be jealous. You will go out of your mind.”
They are lying on top of the zebra sheets. It is unclear how it came about that they spend every day lying in this bed together, and even more unclear how Sherlock ended up in John’s arms.
During the rehearsal, I kept catching his glances my way. When they were too obvious, he tried to throw me off by saying something scathing. I didn't let it get to me, and the others looked at me in undisguised admiration. They wondered what it was that made me, an ordinary and quite boring man, stand stable as a rock under Sherlock's onslaught.
Throughout the evening, I can't get enough of the sight of him. He is even more beautiful tonight than normally. There's this soft light surrounding him, like an invisible halo. Maybe the first kiss changes a person like that. I know I can barely recognise my own face in the mirror these days.
He decides he doesn't have time for the panic. He'll have to deal with his father, and deal with Harry, and with himself – but right now he doesn't have time. Because while it's a pretty big adjustment to realise he is bisexual after all, it's a much bigger adjustment to realise he's just had sex with the most gorgeous human being he has ever seen. He stares into thin air and thinks that
He hears the client tread the stairs, hears John's polite greeting and offering of tea. Sherlock blows his fringe off his sticky forehead, deciding that he can afford a moment alone; his whole life did just irrevocably change, after all.
I sucked at his bottom lip, still swollen from my kisses. “Promise?” I peppered his cheeks with tiny pecks, and the blush that still hadn't disappeared from his cheeks deepened.
His face swam through the sheen of tears in my eyes. I tried to blink them away. It seemed vital to stay focused on him, as if I could make him stay through sheer force of will. If I could only hold him tightly enough, if I could only see him properly, he would stay.
Three Continents Watson is good at picking up women. He loves sex. But instead he's sleeping in a man's bed every night, steadily approaching a one-year dry spell.
Sherlock stared back at me, hand still on the doorknob. The new softness to his face was abruptly gone, the sharp angles now taking over.
I'm already damp with sweat, but I never want the tune to end. When it finally does, my heart is pounding hard. I finally turn to my dance partner.
John has not yet spotted him. He stands there with his hands behind his back, his jacket open over the dark blue jumper. His hair is short, cut in a military style just as it has been for the thirty years Sherlock has known him. All of a sudden, Sherlock is reminded of the night of their first case, when he caught sight of the unassuming, beautiful man waiting for him just outside the scene of his own crime. Reminded of the moment Sherlock realised that John had killed to save his life after knowing him for all of one day. The moment he knew that he had for the first time in his life found something that he desperately wanted to keep.
I remained standing in the middle of the carpet, turning fully to Sherlock on the bed and folding my arms over my chest. Sherlock's eyes looked capable of killing, and would have made a lesser person scramble to comply. But I had stood face to face with worse weapons.
I hope I'm not. I hope desperately that John understands just as I do that I am tied to his daughter forever.
Next morning, there was frost on my window when I woke up. The room was freezing, and it didn't help that my bed was only holding one body. I stepped barefooted on the draughty floor and went to the window, half-expecting to see Sherlock still sitting there on the elephant's back.
The mansion finally comes into sight, lighting up the night. There are no close neighbours and no street lights, so the only light comes from the windows of the house. The stone wall surrounding the mansion is high and the gate in it is fancy; thick, black iron bars with an elegant ornament on top.
I remember I was surprised, even that first time I held him properly against my skin, at how thin he was. How could a person who took up so much space in every room he entered, be so slight in my arms? His protruding ribs felt vulnerable under my skimming hands, making me want to kiss them to somehow protect them.
They ask me if the building is clear and I inform them that it is; the captors evidently cleared out as soon as the baby was delivered. What exactly happened in here is something I find myself disinterested in knowing. This time I do not wish to be the one to examine the scene and lay out a narrative. Morstan's enemies held her in this abandoned gymnasium, and after the birth they left; that's enough for me. Right now, I don't even care whether Mary is dead or alive. She is not important any longer.
Sherlock's chair almost falls when he rises from it, attacking John, chests colliding, arms wrapping around his waist. John tries to brace himself on Sherlock's shoulders, unprepared for the hug, and Sherlock tightens his grip, lifting John up. John bends his knees so his feet leave the floor when Sherlock spins him around in circles, and someone gives an embarrassingly high giggle. John has no idea what he did to deserve being celebrated like this, but after spending hours in the sullen air of Sherlock's frustration, it's wonderful to be swept away by his happiness.
The kiss deepens slowly. The scent of Sherlock's air makes John forget there is anything at all in the world other than this beautiful man. He is warm and endlessly soft under John's lips, so very present and alive though there is barely a breath to be heard over the murmur of the engine. The unreal night light creates a spell that makes John want to hold still to stay in it; in the quietness, the stillness that allows them to be all alone at the back of the bus.
“He started investigating the man in secret. Using disguises, acting, puzzling it all together in his brilliant mind, I don't know how he did it all… but he managed to get a lot of information. Some of it about illegal activities. Nasty business, very nasty. Sherlock sent an anonymous tip to the police, complete with proof and everything. They locked the man up. Abuse of a simple courtesan didn't concern them, but murder did quite effectively catch their interest.”
Sherlock doesn’t realise that he has been trembling until the trembling stops. It is easier to move now, to speak, to breathe.
(The Last Polska) – This song is from my favourite CD of all time. As is obvious from the name, it's the last polska they dance to that night.
The thirty-second year is sad. Sherlock's bad nights do not look that dangerous any more; he finally sleeps and his limbs are heavy. John is allowed to hold him now, so he does that all the time. He feels every one of Sherlock's tears in his own tear ducts. When they kiss, Sherlock's lips are softer than they were before.
What do I want to be to her? Her idol? Someone to look up to? Do I want to do everything for her so that she will be forever grateful to me?
After four dances we sail off the floor and out of the barn. To have a fifth dance in a row with the same person is inappropriate if you aren't trying to actually woo them; it's the unspoken rule, just as it would be rude to dance less than two dances with any partner. It's just as well, really, because right now I need some air.
“Huh”, John says. Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “Well, you know how I said that if we do something sexual, that’s a line we can’t un-cross? I think we might have crossed it just talking about all of this.”
But when we got to work, there was not a trace of that genuine smile on Sherlock's face. I started to wonder if I had imagined it altogether, when Sherlock slowly but surely turned out to be the most arrogant and blatantly rude man I had ever met. Indeed, he didn't trust anyone besides himself to do their job properly. He insulted the musicians, he ignored the other actors, he scoffed at his directions, and as often as he could, he unleashed a flood of brutal deductions about the stage manager. Anderson seemed just as taken aback every time it happened, as if he still doubted Sherlock's skills even though this was a daily occurrence. It made him look as though he had a piece of lemon perpetually stuck in his airways, and I often found myself fighting not to show my amusement. Sherlock had no qualms about showing his, however.
I pressed myself hastily against the wall, backing into the shadows the second Moran's head turned. He strolled over towards me as if he had all the time in the world. I managed to slip away just before he saw me, crouching beneath a wooden scaffold and making my way deeper into the theatre.
We've started early so we can make it to Sidensjö before all the berths are full. Greger is certain that Klockar Ida will open the door for him, and Mikael has several girls he wants to try his luck with. I walk in silence. Greger doesn't notice, and Mikael only glances at me without saying anything. I'm thankful for it. I just don't know how to speak through
He eyed me, a measuring gaze, before he tensed his arms over his chest, puffing up his shoulders to make them look broader.
John slides down in his seat and further into Sherlock's lap, trying to lower his head so his face can't be seen behind the backrest before him, trying to look as if he's taking a nap. He suspects he looks nothing like a man sleeping, though, when Sherlock strokes his bare skin. The t-shirt rides up further and further on his chest, until Sherlock can duck his head and swipe his tongue over John's nipple. John hisses and grabs Sherlock's hair to push him away, but ends up clutching him closer.
Twenty minutes become two hours in the blink of an eye, and I haven't gotten anywhere with the experiment. It is marvellous how not-boring it is to sit with her, look at her sleeping face and listen to her soft snuffing sounds. To be wrapped up in the baby smell emanating from her skin, her warmth seeping into my body.
His eyes seem to hold the world in them, and it's the only world John cares about. The question is easy. John brings Sherlock's face down, slowly, slowly caressing Sherlock's cheekbone with the tip of his nose.
I lost my breath at the look in his eyes; wild and determined, burningly present. He parted his legs to wrap around my hips.
I force myself to wait until eleven to call him – he might be asleep, which by this point he certainly needs – and in the meantime I go shopping.
John snorts. “Of course I won’t move out. That’s what I’m saying. We might run into problems if we live together as a new couple.”
Sherlock must feel the same, because he tips his head back and breathes. His long, loud exhalation shoots through John's body like a shock. John holds Sherlock's wrists against the cushion above his head, but Sherlock has stopped fighting back. He still twists and turns, but there's something restless in his movements now. His body undulates up towards John, as if to get closer instead of getting away.
I lifted my face on the pillow. A lock tickled my nose. “You thought I only wanted the sex?” I softly asked.
Sherlock was so happy, in those days. He was like a white sun, blinding with his sharp beauty and raw joy. He watched me as if
When John opens it, he knows what Sherlock means. John is still using Harry's old phone, and after dropping it on the asphalt outside the clinic today, the display is cracked just where the first line of the texts he writes are showing. He does need a new phone – but this one seems a bit expensive.
An unexpected shudder shoots through Sherlock's body, too sudden to hide. Watson sees it and the corner of his mouth lifts, at once making him look predatory.
“Hello, you”, he says, his voice soft enough to be heard only by his husband. “Find anything interesting?”
Martha had given up talking to us, instead finding Anderson. He came running, trying to get hold of me to pull me off Sherlock. I easily shook him off, pushing him to the ground. At the other end of the hallway, in the direction where Sherlock was fleeing, Moran appeared.
At two thirty, John gets a quick peck on his lips before he has a chance to swallow his food. Sherlock disappears out of the kitchen quickly so John can't keep nagging him about joining him for lunch.
William doesn't talk to anyone else in the room. Actually, it seems that no one even greets him. He also never dances, and in the next break between two girls I ask him about it.
And that's it; the ribbons of joy contained in his stomach and chest untangle themselves and he is laughing, throwing himself against the backrest of his chair, tears leaking out of his pressed-together eyelids.
Before Holmes could answer, there were hurried steps in the hallway. Anderson burst into the room, and without sensing the atmosphere, he spoke in a panic as soon as he saw Holmes.
Also, he is not certain that John would have wanted him on that first day. Not the bleak John Watson who was sent home from the war to a suffocating bedsit and a clumsy cane.
John starts walking towards one of the flower beds. When Sherlock doesn’t immediately follow, John turns towardshim.
The spelmanslag starts on their last tune, William unpacks his fiddle, and I go find Täpp Lisa again. She smiles at me sweetly, and during the dance she casually drops a few clues as to where the Täpp house is located in the village. I spin her under my arm to hide my smile.
The smug smile on her face is resentful, her arms are still crossed and she's leaning far back in her chair.
Sherlock tries to stay at least somewhat impassive, too. But he has never known another hand than his own. It feels better than he thought it would, good enough to twist his face beyond his control, and to make him hastily pull his lips in between his teeth and bite them to keep from moaning.
I watched their backs from a corner of the hall. It was the first any of us had seen of Moriarty in weeks – he hadn't visited since that day when I first took Sherlock home with me. His expression as he watched the rehearsal was bored, bordering on disgusted.
I walk close to the audience as I'm warming up to the first notes from Soling Jacob's fiddle. I make contact with the crowd through winning smiles, catching their eyes to wink at them. I need them on my side if I'm ever going to win this.
They move slowly down the hall. Sherlock is behind John, arms around his waist, legs trying to match John's gait.
Not that they cared about the fact that I so obviously wasn't. Gregory seemed to like me instantly, and I could tell at the first look into his eyes that he was a good man. His loose, off-white shirt and black braces was an outfit similar to my own, and he had a checked flat cap that made him look boyish and honest. He sat beside me, including me in their circle simply by the welcoming angle of his body and the occasional friendly slap on my good shoulder.
He bent to kiss my chest, so slowly, as though certain this night would go on and on, the sun never coming up to disturb him.
Nearly all the dancers were in the middle of a rehearsal. It was one of the cancan numbers, one where the main characters were off-stage. Stamford, Molly and Gregory sat in an alcove bent over a script. In the middle of the floor stood some chairs, with a few people watching the progress on stage.
Sherlock finds his first bee swarm on a warm Tuesday morning. The cluster of bees is wrapped around a thick branch in the park outside the local library. Sherlock cannot quite believe his luck, finding an actual swarm for his first colony, even though he has told everyone with confidence that he will catch his first bees wild and not buy them. The story he will later tell will be that he knew this swarm would be here at this time, but really he is so excited and grateful that he almostweeps.
“New dressing room?” I glanced at the clock on the coffee room wall. “He's needed on stage for the next rehearsal, and I was hoping to run a few things by him first.”
I have never felt the urge to reproduce; in fact, I know I will never have children of my own. She is it. Suddenly I wish that would make my parents into grandparents.
The twenty-fifth year, their flat is filled with an endless stream of cases. Sherlock is insane and John blogs about it, and it feels as though they will be able to do it forever, even though they know they will not.
The sun was still so low on the horizon that it shone straight onto his face. It exposed all his exhaustion, his guilt and his desperate determination, all the lines on his young face and all the imperfections in his mask. He paused by the last row of seats, dropping his head and closing his eyes to avoid the gaze of Holmes, who stood by the back wall leaning on his umbrella.
John took off his t-shirt and trousers before lying down. Sherlock stared at his body; the quiet strength in his broad shoulders and upper arms; the string of hair disappearing beneath his boxers. He’s spent the better part of an hour running his hands all over John’s skin, familiarising himself with the way he feels when nothing is in the way.
He remembers every detail of it, every word, every gesture. He got up during his story and I panicked for a second, but he immediately saw it on my face. “I won't go near the edge.”
The climb up the spiral staircase inside the elephant's leg had been effortless. I may even have jogged a bit, just to savour the wonderful feeling of working quadriceps, gluteals and hamstrings. Standing in the fairy-tale room, the throne of the Moulin Rouge, I felt foolish holding a useless cane. I put it down on the floor, leaning it against the wall just by the edge of the heart, to keep myself from fidgeting with it. Then I stepped back to the middle of the opening, forcing myself to stand as still as a soldier can.
“Mm, yes. The power in you scares me, Moriarty. I want to savour it. I want to long for it until I'm desperate for you.”
(Michaelmas) – Soundtrack for the Saturday dance WITHOUT WILLIAM NOOO (don't worry, this is as angsty as this fic will get)
The answer is that since the case is wrapped up late at night, and Sherlock cannot be flown out of there until morning, he is assigned the lower bed in one of the bunks at the army base. And from the bed above him, he can hear Watson breathing.
It's barely an hour until midnight and I can still see the sun through the branches of the aspen outside. I watch the glow of it mellowing into a deeper gold as I listen to the deep voice and calm breath of William. When the sun has disappeared, I find myself unusually tired.
He glanced at me while he sang, his face hovering inside Moriarty's personal space. I was at the door now, thanking God for the well-oiled handle when I twisted it. I looked over my shoulder and froze.
(yes, really - you can head over there to read the lines in the language they're actually spoken. I highly recommend it even if you (like me) don't speak the language - it's sexy as hell!).
In early June, the bird cherries bloom. Their sweet scent seeps into every minute of every day and gives everything a dreamlike quality. William seems softer around the edges when he lies in my bed, talking about his new experiments on how his fiddle sounds when he strokes the bow as close to the bridge as he can. I'm not sure I'm really listening to his words right now; I'm mostly listening to the hypnotic timbre of his voice. The deep smoothness of it caresses my cheek as I lie facing him.
I blink. “What?” Then remember how much he hates repeating himself when he knows I heard him. “You mean my father's wood workshop?”
William's eyes gleam with playfulness. He keeps challenging me with cocky looks and boastful steps. I think we're about to invent a new set of halling moves, in which two dancers pretend to kick and slap each other when they get close enough to do it. The effect is probably lessened, though, by the way neither of us can't really stop smiling.
, no matter what happens. And here is a whole new John that Sherlock has previously only made poor guesses about.
“He has no money. No means to take care of you. Eventually you will tire of him, not to mention that
“Thank you, dear”, Martha said. “Now get out of my way.” Gregory immediately backed to the wall, joining the little group of curious bystanders.
I frowned. “Is that really what he's investing in?” I eyed all the roses. Sherlock didn't answer – maybe he didn't hear, absorbed as he was by a jewellery box. I tried again: “I just- I don't like that man.”
John enters the room with her bottle in hand. He pauses in the doorway, leans against the frame and watches us.
And then after more time has slowly passed, the gap on the sofa has shrunk. The anger is more rare, the paralysing grief more of an ache. The distance between us is a little bit less palpable and starts looking more like common air.
He lifted his hands and started playing. The first notes were soft and slow, almost tentative, but they were a stable enough foundation when I filled my lungs and started singing.
“With me. With finding your equal. If only you had realised it.” Moriarty dragged a hand over his face as if in agony. “
What I saw was a fascinating contradiction. His eyes were knife-sharp, taking in so much more than anyone else could, but they also leaked so much more of himself out for the world to see. His hair was forever impeccably styled, but the curls were arranged in a way that made him look boyish and young. He was pale as a marble statue, making him look hard and unforgiving, yet it also made his epidermis look thin; drawing attention to his veins and guts and heart hiding just beneath the surface, poorly protected by his white skin.
“It was doomed from the start, John.” His voice was soft but determined. “This was always the probable outcome. We both knew it all along.” He straightened and looked at me. “I cannot be with you.”
John keeps imagining this “guy”, and it makes him nauseous. It's not the terrifying churn of jealousy, but the swooping realisation that another man was irresistible enough for the memory of John to fade. He keeps flicking through his memories, looking for points where he wasn't interesting enough, handsome enough, didn't have enough stamina.
didn't get rid of Moriarty, then where is he?” He darted across the room in a flurry of black lace, opened the door and immediately closed it again. Whirling towards me, he didn't have time for more than a panicked: “Hide!”
I could see how this had distracted Moriarty from the champagne on the table. If anyone knew how to use their voice to entrance people, how to wrap the poetry around their every movement, how to align it with the look on their face, it was Sherlock. Especially when he started singing.
. I would soon find out that a respectful dread enveloped this name nearly every time it was uttered. In fact, there is only one person who ever spat the name as if it tasted horribly on his tongue.
At one p.m., Sherlock has been absorbed by his experiment for an hour, without hearing when John tried to talk to him. But suddenly he springs out of his chair to plant another clumsy kiss on John's lips.
Which was when she caught sight of Stamford and me. She froze, her song cutting off at an awkward point. Her cheeks went red.
He turned back to me and took me into his arms. He kissed me hard, holding me firmly in place with both hands on the sides of my face.
He wonders what it is, exactly, that John finds attractive. Can he provoke a reaction? He knows he shouldn’t go there, but today he feels beautiful and desired – he wants just a
Stambro Mikael and Lestare Greger want to go to our dance barn in Drömme next Saturday, but I convince them that we should go back to Sidensjö again. One dance isn't enough for us to introduce ourselves properly, I say. There are only seven Saturdays left before the Midsummer night-wooing; we'd better spend them all in Sidensjö if we want to woo the girls there.
, Sherlock. Since you came back I feel like I can't trust anything I see. You set that scene up for me to watch like a play, making sure every last detail was real enough for me to believe it. I have no idea what tears were real and what weren't.
It's a waltz. William sings very quietly, but I'm close enough to hear every little sound. I relax into his hold, letting the romantic haze of the melody seep into my pores. He sways gently in time with the song, and I let him guide me until we're dancing with tiny waltz-steps. William turns us around on the spot – slowly, slowly – as he sings in my ear the most lovely tune. His lead is so sure that I want to just close my eyes and follow him. I trust him to lead me safely through anything.
He didn't turn up in the dining area during the coffee break. My eyes kept wandering of their own accord, and I was sitting on the edge of my seat like a fool. I don't know what I was preparing to do if he did come there – being ready to spring off my chair in an instant would probably not be of great use. Nevertheless, I found it difficult to relax, knowing he could enter the room at any moment. I didn't want to miss it, that hushed grace of his movements.
“I'm busy tonight, Sherlock”, John says, sending Tori an apologetic smile: “Sorry, this is my flatmate. He has no concept of timing.”
The man in the hallway had not seen me, but there was no way I could sneak out the door without him noticing me. I winced when the door closed again with a quiet snap, me still trapped inside the chamber.
It is the slowest New Year’s Eve of John Watson’s life. At six pm, his boyfriend still hasn’t said a single word to him during the whole day. No, Sherlock Holmes has been lying stock-still on the couch, eyes closed and fingers steepled below his chin.
There were rustling clothes, rushed steps and a hurried “Thank you, Martha”. Sherlock burst out of his dressing room, tall and royal in a black velvet dress.
“Are you stupid, deaf or just lacking in all that even vaguely resembles talent? Where are the strings in this composition?!” The composer just stared at him, and Sherlock raged on. “This is an
They are nearing the climax of the film when Sherlock suddenly moves closer to John. He leans against John's side, head resting carefully on his shoulder. Something settles in John's stomach and he brings his arm around Sherlock's shoulders, keeping him in place.
“You made me believe that you loved me. Hm?” I stared defiantly into his eyes, refusing to let my vulnerability break our gaze. “So I should pay you, right?”
Nobody needs to know how soft Sherlock's neck is. That part where his skin is exposed between collars and curls, the part that everyone can see but that's still a secret to everyone but John. If anyone tried to touch him there, Sherlock would hiss and claw like a cat, but when John touches him, he purrs.
But there is something more than that. When Sherlock stands before him with his intense gaze, with loud deductions and even louder unspoken words passing between them, the world falls away. If someone speaks to them at those times, John starts, not sure how Sherlock got so close. He's even less sure why it is that
he wanted. He's lucky. He's getting laid. It's a part of being John Watson that he'd forgotten he missed.
“Er, good morning, folks.” Sherlock lowered his gaze onto the floor. I refused to get distracted. “So, Stamford and I have a last addition to the script. It will be quite a big number, and most of you will be involved, though the duet is sung by Molly and- and Sherlock. It's quite new, so it's not finalised, but we will start practising today. Stamford will work on the arrangements with you and I will finish the ending of the show. I should have it ready in a few days.”
Greger takes off towards the Klockar house, and soon Mikael is gone too. I walk past the dance barn that's so familiar to me now, and the church, massive and quiet in the late sunlight. Outside Sidensjö's village hall the midsummer pole is still standing.
with Jim Broadbent, Nicole Kidman, Jacek Koman, John Leguizamo, Ewan McGregor, Garry MacDonald, Richard Roxburgh, and Matthew Whittet.
At this point, a tiny whimper escapes Sherlock. He lies on his back and John props himself up on his elbow, stroking Sherlock’s arm as he continues. Sherlock’s eyes close.
John's mouth closes reverently around Sherlock's lower lip, a contrast to his rough pulls on Sherlock's cock. Sherlock's breath rushes out of his chest as if in relief. He brings his free hand to John's neck to keep him in place, and John's fingers are in his hair.
John slides his fingers lightly through Sherlock's hair, revelling in the way his eyelids flutter. “Let's just keep it like this until the hotel, yeah?”
Sherlock's eyes were wide despite his efforts to act nonchalant. He lifted his chin defiantly under Moriarty's scrutiny.
I have never been more proud of him. And never in my life have I felt more honoured than when this remarkable, impossible man looked at me like that, sang to me like that, gave everything up for me as he did on that stage.
Every cell of my body protested when I stepped back. Sherlock looked delicious with his crimson shirt halfway undone and his curls a mess, his pale skin showing a lovely blush. He studied me for a second and then stepped forward, putting my hair into some semblance of order with light fingers. His touch made me shiver, and one look between us was all it took to fall back into each other's arms, mouths open wide against one another. I was heated and finding it hard to think when he broke it off again, muttering “Really”, and started to redo my shirt buttons.
Sherlock's shallow breaths. Moriarty slowly walking along the length of the table. Sherlock picking up a handkerchief and discreetly coughing into it. Moriarty putting his arm across the back of Sherlock's chair, slowly bending down, Sherlock flinching when his face came too near.
, and that is something Sherlock has never seen before. He draws a steadying breath, then looks Sherlock directly in the eye.
I peer at the strange creature who has appeared out of nowhere in the night, stomped into my room, lain down in my bed; and now lies here hissing and quibbling, seeming for all the world as though I have dragged him here against his will.
But there is something about the bus' steady movement through the night that makes John's thoughts linger there. With Sherlock pressed against him, panting and laughing. Familiar and new; a body that Sherlock has grown into but that John hasn't gotten to know. Hard, trembling muscles as Sherlock struggles to get the upper hand. Clavicles that cast shadows over the base of Sherlock's neck. Hipbones that cut into John's thighs. Secret places of softness hidden around the waist of Sherlock's lean body.
The women in the corner broke apart. One of them might have been the brunette I'd seen dragging Sherlock into the house. When she saw him, she threw her long, pale arm across his shoulders and gave him a wide, lipstick-thick smile. He looked somewhat pained, not smiling back, and the woman whose hand had just been under the hem of the brunette's short skirt looked put out. The brunette didn't seem to notice or care, just said something to Sherlock that he answered with an uncomfortable grimace of a smile.
those things. Therefore, with you, it’s stable. Which means it will not interfere with the Work at all.”
It was impossible not to keep touching him. To feel his arms, his shoulders, his hot neck, his soft hair with the intact skull. It was impossible not to press his body to mine; I wanted to absorb his shallow breaths, the heartbeats that quaked his chest, his warmth. I clutched at his neck, breathing hard into his shoulder with open mouth. His hands were splayed across my back, pressing me against him.
I start rambling about the many positive health effects of oxytocin from skin-to-skin contact on newborn children, but John comes to my rescue, cutting me off and simply asking where I want to sit.
There is a silence, and John can imagine Sherlock's sheepish look. “I can try”, he mutters. “Happy New Year, John.” He kisses him softly. “Newfoundland”, he adds.
At ten p.m., John is back in his chair at 221B. Sherlock is by the window, playing violin, his back working beautifully beneath his black shirt. He's in the middle of a piece when he turns around and walks over to John. He keeps playing when he bends down, and he gets in a hasty kiss during a down-bow. The notes turn softer when he straightens, mirroring the look on his face. John stares and loves him painfully.
But at some point, I noticed that Stamford was in my room. Don't know how long he'd been here. It was probably him who had put me on the bed and covered me with a blanket, because I don't think I've gone to bed voluntarily in ages.
“I know”, Mrs Hudson whispers conspiratorially, a hand on his arm, before she shuffles back into her flat.
“Of course.” He smiles at her and then hurries to the counter to pay, as Sherlock is already halfway out of the restaurant.
He was unable to move, he just kept clutching my back, fingertips digging into my spine as I moved on top of him. I held his shoulders in an iron grip not to let his back fall onto the backrest. His face was wiped clean of every line of worry, bliss creasing his forehead, sweat glistening on it. His mouth was wide open, that unreal cupid's bow giving it the shape of a heart, but he was dead silent.
I glance around at the others. I half-expect them all to look at me, or at the very least boggle at William's near indecency. No one does. They don't even seem as spellbound as I am.
He picked up the purple dress from the floor, holding it up for me to see. “It's got stains of lubrication all over it.”
It was a sacrifice unlike any other, and one I would never have asked for. Sherlock must have known this. But all that it meant was that his performance had to be impeccable, or else I would not let him go.
It dawned on him that John's smile was an enigma in itself. The smile seemed to say that John knew something Sherlock did not. Sherlock has been aching to know what it is. Perhaps that is why he drifted ever closer; the illogical idea that touching John would let him find out.
It still shocks me when I get these bouts of selflessness, but I have to admit that it happens quite regularly these days. Since I stood on a rooftop and watched John on the ground below with a gun trained on his head, I have not been the same. And since I spent three years without John and then got him back, I have not particularly minded my change of character. I no longer wish to be alone. And I am no longer afraid to admit it, at least to myself.
He places his hive box as close to the tree as he can. The bees are humming contentedly and crawling over each other, warming the queen resting somewhere in the heart of the cluster. Sherlock has studied the art of beekeeping avidly for more than a year, and he doesn’t hesitate at all before reaching out with his bare hand and carefully sticking his fingers into the swarm.
“Mm”, Sherlock managed, still breathing heavily from the cough. Martha subtly lingered to make sure he was stable before she left.
I put on my coat, grabbed my typewriter and headed out. The money I exchanged it for was filthy like the darkening streets of Montmartre.
Those three words. They ensnared me and held me tight, pulling me after him wherever he went. The air left my lungs in a rush. He was acting, I realised. My tongue darted out to wet my lips before I could stop it. I hoped I was even half as good at acting as he was when I turned to Stamford, telling him to move on to the next scene without us while I tried to handle Sherlock's antics. Then I hurried after him across the dance floor, praying that no one could see the hope in my step.
When the entrance door fell shut downstairs, I was jolted into action. My feet were moving down the stairs before I had made a conscious decision to follow Sherlock, instinct forbidding me to let him go.
“I think it will be.” John puts his palm against Sherlock's cheek. “Think I'll keep you for another year.”
I won't lie. Writing these last chapters pains me more than I could ever express. But I think this is what allows me to create poetry again. I used to think I wouldn't ever be able to write without Sherlock, and I think in a way that's still true. But through writing our story, it's as though I'm absorbing him, saving him inside of me. That way, every time I write, he's always with me.
The room was larger than the last dressing room, but it was obviously furnished for one person only. There were spotless mirrors hanging on the walls, dressing tables overflowing with expensive-looking bottles and jars, and a large walk-in closet for Sherlock's costumes. A bed was half-hidden behind heavy, cream-coloured drapes, and there was a bolstered chair in red satin. There were small tables and pedestals with sculptures and picture frames, and on every available surface, there were bouquets of fresh red roses.
seems to get stuck in his airways, and he clears his throat to get rid of it. He's too stunned to think of an answer quickly enough –
wanted…” He trails off. “Well, I don’t know what I wanted. But I didn’t get it, and the resulting dissatisfaction disrupted my ability for logical thinking. So I decided to stop looking.”
But then in the afternoon, I passed through the hallway lined with doors to the dancers' dressing rooms. The door to the one Sherlock shared with a few others was ajar when I approached. I heard his voice from inside, and I stopped before I reached the door.
The rails start humming long before the train is in sight. It's a subtle sound, but if you listen for it, quite obvious. Sherlock picks it up from where he's standing on the platform, as close to the tracks as allowed, gazing impatiently into the distance. When the train appears, the early June sun glimmers on the metal.
“I have made this show everything it is”, Moriarty went on. “And tomorrow you will play me the true version.” He smiled, a hollow, horrible grimace. “Be honest, you're just a tiny bit pleased.”
The former dance floor was a sea with rows upon rows of suited men, sharp in black and white. Suits, shirts, hats, gloves. Shining black shoes. Eyes wide, mouths ajar, they consumed the colours presented to them like a buffet. None of them had ever seen anything quite like this.
Sherlock's mouth is soft and open for John, letting him take the lead. He's quivering on top of John, breathing in sharp bursts, his hands clutching at John's shirt with less purpose and more helpless desperation. The great Sherlock Holmes' brain seems to be in short-circuit, and that may be the hottest thing John has ever seen.
Sherlock was captured in Serbia. He's been captured several times, but I think this was the worst – I mean, that other time he was imprisoned for months, but at least they didn't hurt him. These people did. They thought he was a member of some other gang, so they chained him and tortured him for information about the leader, location, some password.
“The thing is, Sherlock, I’m starting to wonder if I’ve had it all wrong before. Maybe every time I’ve thought I was in love, I wasn’t really. And now, when I think I’m not… maybe this is actually it? That makes it kind of hard to tell. I have no experience with… whatever this is.”
Watching the dog, watching the undersea-rainbows, watching the inside of my eyelids. Bright with the hint of sun.
Sherlock grunts, and John is pleased with getting the last word. He's often surprised by how uneven Sherlock's knowledge is; two-hundred-and-forty-three types of tobacco ash, no clue there's a solar system. Can predict people's reactions to manipulate them masterfully, has no idea what motivates people to seek out romance and sex. John is fairly sure Sherlock has zero experiences with that. He wonders about it sometimes, because knowing Sherlock, John would've thought he had at least experimented with it at some point. But then again, for an asexual person the price is perhaps too high.
Sherlock dropped his forehead to my cushioned shoulder and his hands to my fly. I made a bitten-off sound in the back of my throat when he pulled me out, and I scrambled for something to hold on to on the coarse back of his suit jacket. His shoulder blades protruded under the thick fabric.
She settles on my chest. Her skin is warm, softer than silk. I wrap the edges of my shirt around her and cover us both with her blanket. She falls asleep immediately, and after making sure we are fine John leaves the room. I take the opportunity that solitude offers to stare at her face and ache.
Towards the end, our spins gently slow down in time with the music. The ending is drawn out until it's only a whisper of a tone, and in that frail moment, our arms slide easily the rest of the way around each other into a tender embrace. William's hand slides sensually up my spine to cup my neck. I pull him in closer, fitting us together as best I know how.
“Hey”, I call back as I dodge a child who has barely learned to walk but insists on doing it anyway. “Any idea when they will light the fire?”
In a way it's good that it happened. She got it out of her system. She proved to herself how wrong this was, so now she can move on.
Even though he was sitting in my crumpled bed, dressed only in thin silk, traces of me still inside him, he felt so far away. His face was closed, nothing left of the burning urgency from before. Everything that had felt so easy when we were connected, now felt hard and unforgiving.
John's lips are warm. And little bit damp, which makes them cool. And if Sherlock could just, if he could-
I smile self-consciously. “It's not very interesting. I'm not that good at it – it's my first fiddle, as you know, and really I'm just-”
“What-”, John manages to say before Sherlock sucks in a breath, his speech coming out with new force to deliver the final deduction, while his hand tightens around John's. And that's when John decides to give up trying to understand any of this and just go with it. Sherlock springs into motion, and John secures his grip on his hand when they run off from the crime scene.
At this point I caught Holmes' eye, and he nodded silently to me to continue. I relaxed a bit; perhaps I could pull this off after all.
“Some sort of experiment, I imagine. Do you want to come in for a cuppa? Your flat will be in a state.”
Seeing him like this struck something in me, something that shimmered, something that ached. And though it had been many years since we last spent time together, Stamford saw it instantly, and he knew.
There was a twinkle in his black irises. I looked him steadily in the eye. “No. No one dies. They live together forever.”
“Yeah. So.” My left hand clenched against my thigh, and I peeled it open. “In this new scene, the Penniless Sitar-Player writes a secret song for the Hindu Dancer.” I kept my gaze straight ahead, not daring to look at Sherlock even out of the corner of my eye. “So- so that no matter what's happening, no matter how bad things get, whenever they sing it or whistle it or hum it, then- then they remember their love.”
“How would it continue?” Molly asked, her dark eyes big with hope. I got swept along with the creative spirit when she hummed the melody strand for me. I hummed it quietly to myself, not used to singing publicly.
Their bodies are pressed together in the back of a cab. John's head is on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock's chest rises and falls and his breath sings in John's ear.
If he felt the need to put me at a distance now, I still couldn't let that ruin my chance at this job. I focused on the clear shimmer of his irises.
Sherlock is silent all the way home. He considers speaking once, but moving his lips seems too much of an effort, and his throat feels devoid of a voice.
The magnetism constantly pulling at John suddenly wins out, and he leans forward, touching his forehead to Sherlock's briefly. A pleased squirm shoots through Sherlock's body and he giggles in surprise, a high-pitched, adorable thing. John draws back and smiles at him, and Sherlock smiles back, his whole face beaming.
Maybe this is why I waited two months to let him explain. Because I do know my Sherlock. I do know he wouldn't do this without good reason. I let Mary talk me into staying away from him because if I were to find out the real reason, where would that leave me? How am I supposed to stop being angry about this? I can't see that ever happening.
.” He smirked at this and barely paused for breath before he plunged on: “You have no money, no occupation, and barely any friends. You moved to Paris three – or closer to four weeks ago, in the hope that life would be less dull here than in London. Upon noticing that this is not the case, you have sought out the Moulin Rouge, borrowing or perhaps stealing a suit in order to pass as a wealthy man and be treated as such. However, the suit fits you poorly – it is too tight over the shoulders and too long in the sleeves. It's obvious that it isn't your own – in fact
The forty-second year, they share the desk by the window. John writes slowly and steadily, Sherlock writes explosively. John stares into space, thinking about wordings. Sherlock spends entire days in the garden with his notebook, then rushes in and types with uninterrupted frenzy. The only way for John to get Sherlock's attention when it's time for dinner is by kissing his throat.
It's not the first time I have stood beside someone taller than me, my right arm around their waist and their left hand resting on my shoulder. But there's no forgetting it's a boy's back I'm feeling beneath my palm and not a girl's; all those sharp angles and defined muscles instead of curves and yielding flesh. It's… it's exhilarating.
“Shutting you up”, John says as if this is the most obvious turn of events. Then his mouth is back on Sherlock's, and everything is still so quiet.
I am floored by the truths coming out of his mouth. It sounds so… uncomplicated. In his voice, it sounds simple and beautiful. No one has ever seen me that way before. No one has ever brought my contours into light like this, and it's dazzling.
It makes me think of that Valentine's picnic four years ago. God, we were so innocent and recklessly happy. I've felt like we've destroyed everything about that; our confidence and trust, our happiness, our love, and the roof we sat on. But I'm not sure I believe that any longer. It's all changed, yes, it's definitely damaged. But Sherlock giggling in my bed on Valentine's Day proves that it isn't destroyed.
“Worked out… what?” Sherlock's fingers dug into the velvet seat of the divan by the fireplace, grounding him.
The first point in the triangle to move was Moriarty. His expression transformed into something confused and hurt, startlingly different from the complete lack of expression a second before. “What's this?” he asked in distress. His eyes darted between Sherlock and me. “Are you seeing someone behind my back?”
This feels less like a competition, though, and more like a game. I've never known halling to be like that. It's a solo dance, even when there's more than one dancer on the floor. But there's this link between William and me when we dance. Every move he makes, I can feel it tug at my core. My own moves are comments on what he does. When I see he's about to do the slow spin from a crouch to standing, I quickly drop down too to do the move in time with him. Are we really dancing solo right now?
Extra thanks to shcrlockhouse for coming to my rescue when I needed to make a last-minute rephrasing, and wasn't sure how a native speaker would say it. I'm so grateful for the Twitter network, where I can throw out a question that's beyond my scope of knowledge, and within minutes I have an answer from someone in this diverse, multi-talented fandom. You're all golden!
“Well this is going to be a complete disaster”, Gregory said. “We have to present this to the financier tomorrow. I don't want to come to Mycroft Holmes with something not worth his time.”
It's always unexpectedly hard not to kiss him hello when we meet in the dance barn. But I can see in his eyes that he's thinking the same thing, and that will just have to do; both of us imagining a kiss at the same time. I sit down next to him and all that we allow ourselves is pressing our knees together. Sometimes even that small contact is overwhelming.
Sherlock's face crumpled for just a moment, but it was enough for Holmes to catch it. He looked at Sherlock for another second, but offered no consolation before he turned away.
Sherlock took a breath. This was the last moment that he was allowed to be weak. From this moment, Sherlock Holmes would be no more. From then on, he would be a puppet dancing around on stage and a toy to be played with. He would be dead, while still pathetically breathing.
certainly didn't care about that. Nor did I. By the time I was seventeen, I always knew how to get what I needed. And what I needed turned out to be enough to nearly kill me.”
He closes his eyes when Sherlock leans in, nudging the tip of John's nose like so many times before. The anticipation stops the breath in John's throat. Sherlock tilts his head and slowly, gently fits his mouth onto John's. The thrill of it holds John's whole body frozen in place, and he wants, he
A tear fell from my eye onto his cheek. It trickled over his cheekbone as if to reflect his sorrow as well as mine. For the moment he didn't have enough strength to cry himself; instead, he was smiling faintly.
Once, I got a glimpse of his face. His features were shockingly sharp; cheekbones that could draw blood from a caressing hand; exaggerated Cupid's bow painted with crimson lipstick; and his eyes, highlighted with sooty black. They pierced through me across the room like an electric shock, clear and cutting and brighter than anything.
“Damnit, Sherlock, you almost fucking died on me, don't be such a stubborn git!” John's voice cracks at the last word, and at that, Sherlock lifts his head. They stare at each other for a moment, noses almost touching. “I need you alive”, John says, fiercely quiet. “Now go take a hot shower.”
I thought we were going to live forever. Sometimes, when I close my eyes, when I go back to that pure joy, I still think we can. Because such a moment of clarity must somehow be true. When you know something so deep in your soul that it becomes a part of who you are, it can't be an illusion.
by daisydirtbag, and the first song has been a big inspiration for me when writing this fic. Listen to
When I come back inside I can feel how hot and humid the air has turned from the horde of dancing bodies. Dust from the floor is whipped into the air by the tireless feet; my black dance shoes are already stained with it. I'm nearly run over by Lestare Greger and his dance partner before I find myself a new girl and walk back onto the dance floor.
I felt the sound of those shutting doors like a punch to the gut. Numbly, I started walking, heading for the windmill and the exit.
In the tower, the flames in the fireplace did little to warm the raw air. Sherlock stepped in front of the fire, soaking up what little heat he could get. His dress bared the upper part of his back, exposing his protruding bones, making him look sick in the cold light. Moriarty stood behind him, following his every move, hanging onto his every word.
What you tell me makes no bloody sense! I get it, there were snipers, there were people watching, but then what? I can understand your choice, I can understand why you didn't talk to me even if it pisses me off, and I would have given you months, I would have given you a whole bloody year. I waited forever, but you never came back. If you had the slightest understanding of how that felt for me, if you cared about that, you would have found another way.
It's the last Sunday before Midsummer. The nights don't get dark now; the sun hovers above the mountain ridges for what seems like hours every evening. Then it dips just below the horizon, leaving room for a grey haze in the valley, only to rise again a couple of hours later.
The silence following is slightly too long and awkward, and John feels bad for joking about Sherlock's lack of experience.
He smiled wickedly. “Good thing I know the Moulin Rouge so well, then.” And he took me on another crazy race through his secret pathways, ending it in a breathless heap on my bed.
“Three minutes, John”, Sherlock whispers. Up close like this, his pale eyes are the only colour in the world. “Two minutes and forty-two seconds.”
The music in the theatre hall was unrelenting. The dance was made out of sharp turns, brutal steps, vicious spins. I made my way between the couples, eyes glued to the tower no matter how hard I tried to look away. I wanted to scream in pain, but if I did, I knew I would lose it. Instead I fought to keep calm, to keep the blistering jealousy inside the weak borders of my flesh. The dramatic music and dance around me was at once hateful and satisfying, channelling the war that was tearing me apart inside while I had to remain still.
He composes himself before a full second has passed. He starts walking towards us, and when I take the final steps I am gripped by fear of letting her go. I know she and John are only going to the hospital and will likely be back home soon. But I do not know what my place in her life is. They will live with me at Baker Street, but for how long? And what happens after? What does John want me to be to them – to her?
“Yes!” Sherlock shouts with a surprising amount of heat. “I did! I bought all these socks that are ostensibly the same, in order to avoid this very problem! I went to the same shop and bought the same brand only months apart. They just keep varying their manufacturing specification! That’s not my fault!”
He was holding a familiar bundle of papers. He didn't so much as glance at me when he passed me by, but there was something in the way he subtly increased his pace that made me further examine the script in his hand. The myriad of notes on the front page were written with a pen I recognised.
That evening we are on the sofa together, all three of us. John is in the right corner with her on his lap; she sprawls securely across his thighs in a hilariously casual pose, sleeping soundly. I am folded into the left corner, feet tucked to the side almost far enough to touch John's thigh with my toes.
“You took an overdose.” I tried to keep my voice level and doctor-like, even with my stomach rising to my throat.
It's all I've ever had to offer in return, after all. I was asked to write a show about truth, beauty, freedom and love, and if I succeeded, it's only because
“But there was something… there was something there. Don't look at me like I'm crazy because I know you felt it too. Christ, I haven't even needed my cane since that dance.”
He closes his eyes. The foyer in his parents' house, the umbrella-stand on the left; he put the violin varnish brands behind it, where he can easily reach them, smell them. A bit sentimental, true. But no one will ever know.
I wouldn't have noticed I was crying if not for how bloody cold it was, freezing the tears on my cheeks.
Right now you're at the desk scrolling on your laptop. Your skin is pale, your hair is still ruffled from your pillow, your lips are demanding a lot more attention than I'm really willing to give. You're not asking what I'm writing. Maybe it's transparent. Maybe it's unimportant.
William is scowling more than I've ever seen him do (and that's saying something). The line appearing between his eyebrows is adorable. In fact, the entire sight of him right now is adorable; scowling and cursing and stark naked, with one hand shyly covering his crotch. He's like a grumpy angel, all flawless skin and shining hair curling up in the rain.
I gaze into his eyes for a moment. It feels as though there's sand in mine when I try to focus. “I'll just close my eyes for a bit”, I tell him, curling on my side and letting my eyelids slide shut.
I was aching and raw, and I snapped at him for being here, said I prefer it when he's just a piano in my walls. “No offence”, he said, “but it's obvious you need more than a piano piece.”
I should have cared. But in that moment, all that mattered was that Sherlock was devastating in his formal attire, clean and sharp. His skin was hot and alive above his collar. The indecent bulge in his trousers was a secret that only I had access to.
I was so focused on Sherlock alone that I didn't realise how close to each other we had come to stand. Not until the golden door opened again.
It feels marvellous to have John’s body against his. The space just above John’s collarbone is dark and safe; Sherlock hides his face there.
The explosion inside the palace is deafening. John's voice blows through every room with one single word –
I was quite happy with my story. But Moriarty pulled his eyebrows together in an exaggerated expression of just remembering something. “But then”, he said, “then what happens to the Hindu Dancer's kingdom?”
He was looking out the window at the beautiful morning. The gold of the sun rested in his dark curls. My stomach twisted painfully.
. Sherlock has to fight to contain his smile, forcing it back down into the pit of his stomach where it keeps glowing and stirring.
William told me then that it's tedious to play for people who don't bother to really listen to the music. That the average dancer doesn't inspire him to play off what they're doing.
Suddenly the air stilled around me. The room was still spinning fast, but I had been wrapped up in a bubble of peace, where the music was distant and the colours were just an unimportant blur. Someone was standing behind me.
Sherlock’s head is thrown back and he’s breathing quickly. He has no idea when he became so aroused, but it almost hurts. John’s erection pushes firmly into his hip.
John clears his throat and replies steadily, eyes on the ceiling: “Not only among women, for starters.”
Sherlock's shirt is crisp against John's bare arms. John's undershirt is soft against Sherlock's nose.
He was elegant in that long coat, fitting snugly around his thin body. His waist was accentuated, the sleeves clung to his arms like a second skin, and he wore the collar upturned, highlighting his sharp cheekbones. He held his face carefully behind it like a shield – but a glance in my direction made him look vulnerable anyway.
The red numbers on the digital clock above the doors are slowly idling towards midnight. It got a bit late before John managed to drag himself up from Sherlock's cosy sofa and head out into the rainy night. He needs to study tomorrow; shouldn't have let himself stay for so long. The bus ride between Sherlock's flat and John's house takes forty minutes and he still forgets to take that into account, so used to just running across the street between their houses.
It all seems like a dream in retrospect. Holm William is so fascinating, so brilliant and so out of the ordinary that I wonder if any of the things that happened last weekend were real. On the other hand, William is too peculiar for me to have made him up. If I'd made him up, I'd frankly have made him more believable.
I didn't even spare a glance of kindness at the girls begging for my money. There was nothing left that I cared about, apart from finding out if Sherlock was telling the truth. I had to know. So I returned to the Moulin Rouge, one last time.
There was a moment's awkward silence. “Right.” I nodded once, pretending not to hear his innuendo. “Excuse me.”
With time, John stops noticing when it happens. Walking hand-in-hand is just the way they walk. Sherlock's hand never startles him now; it's always there through his day, kind of like his cups of tea. It's familiar, it's comforting, and it may be unconventional for friends – but that of course means nothing when it comes to Sherlock Holmes.
We didn't put the light on when we entered my flat. The darkness seemed to prompt silence; silent kisses, silent caresses, silent shaky breaths. Silk rustled softly when it pooled at our feet, and Sherlock's naked body was standing tall and hot in the middle of our sanctuary.
“It will be the show of the new century”, Holmes finally interposed. “It will include every talent we have among our Moulin Rouge dancers; fire-eaters, muscle men, contortionists, courtesans – and it will all be powered with electricity. The modern, bohemian spirit will make it popular in a city such as Paris. I dare say that with your involvement, Moriarty, this show may run for decades.”
I tipped over to support myself on the wall when my muscles almost gave out – my giggles sounded strange without enough air in my lungs. Sherlock started chuckling, a deep, quivering thing. Beautiful and rare, like the man himself.
I swallowed, clenching and unclenching my fists, feeling very lonely on the luxurious carpet. “Well, I hope you'll like what I do. It's quite… different, I suppose. Might feel a bit strange at first, but- but if you're open, you might enjoy it.”
Of course, he immediately deduces where my spot in the workshop is. He stalks forward to the desk where my works-in-progress lie, and I follow behind him, putting the candle down so he can see. His fingers reach out to brush over every single item I've worked on.
If you let me, I will do everything in my power to earn back your trust. Although I understand how my behaviour might lead you to think I do not take this seriously, that impression does not reflect my reality. I am acutely aware of our situation, and it is a matter that I mourn every day. Nothing is more important to me than repairing the damage done, to the greatest extent possible.
Though I am a soldier, though I am a doctor, and though I am a poet, I don't know much about death. Could he feel it, in his body or in his soul, how little time there was left? Be that as it may; Sherlock watched my retreating back, and he couldn't let this be the ending. A few months back, he would have been able to; he would have agreed that love was something he would never learn.
“Right.” John nods to himself and turns to leave the room. But then he hears the first, premature fireworks outside, and irritation gets the better of him. He turns back to Sherlock. “No – what’s the deal with that ruddy sock index? These aren’t even different colours – they’re all black!”
Sherlock feels dizzy. “I’m not doing anything.” His voice sounds breathless. “You’re the one who was insane enough to kiss me.”
With the trees still bare, I can even glimpse the red of my own house on the far left. I squint at it for a moment and wonder which of the boys will try to woo Harriet tonight.
I followed him into the windmill and out onto the street on the other side. “The flat?” I asked in surprise. It was only afternoon; he usually didn't come over until evening.
“Jesus Christ, boys!” The spell was brutally broken when Stamford clapped his large hands together. “That was intense. We'll keep all of that, Jesus.”
The tension pours out of John in a fit of giggles. “You're crazy”, says, glancing around at the curious customers. “What will happen if you miss one?”
The swelling against John's thigh is hardening, becoming difficult to ignore. It should scare John out of his wits, but at this point he isn't sure what's fear and what's arousal screaming in his bloodstream.
The grand number of the production was being shaped around us, every arranger and musician working to make
“Yeah, I know”, John says, not letting Sherlock's mockery get to him. “I wouldn't have guessed God's punishments would be so petty, either. I mean, prawn shells on the carpet?”
“This man is yours now”, I said with a gesture to the dancer lying on the floor. I could hear Sherlock's little gasps for breath, but I didn't care about that when I reached into my pocket. My face twisted painfully as I looked down at the man I loved and threw a bunch of banknotes at him.
“Sherlock”, he whines, his legs starting to give out. Sherlock presses against him even harder to hold him upright. He is hard as steel against John's waist, and John's hands wander to grab his arse and pull him in closer. “What if someone-” he pants, his head falling hard against the wall behind him when Sherlock's grip tightens.
“So did you”, John tries to answer with his tongue thick from sleep. He yawns, and when he relaxes again, the position seems a little less uncomfortable. “At least I watched the ending first.”
Warmth. Softness of skin. Firmness of muscle. Hardness of bone. Movement of breath. Desperate pounding of a pulse.
He blushed faintly, and then briskly took a breath to break the moment. “Were you working when I arrived?” he asked.
“Let me pay!” I was close to yelling. My voice broke in the middle, all the military command gone from it.
is actually a Norwegian dance, although it also occurs in Sweden, at least these days. This is the breakdance of folk music! I really mean that; it's very athletic, a solo-dance meant to show off. Sexy as hell. I highly recommend watching
With the crazy life the two of them live, this happens often enough for hugging to soon feel natural. They start falling into it at other times too. Like when the adrenalin runs high and they work together flawlessly, and nothing matters except for the two of them and the night air in their lungs. Sherlock's shoulders heave with panting breaths, the back of his shirt is soaked with sweat, and his heart drums frantically against John's chest.
When he was out of sight, Holmes sank down onto the vacated chair. For just a moment, he allowed himself to put his elbows on his knees and hide his face in his hands.
Sherlock looked up at me from the heap of money; small, filthy and breakable in his white corset and red-rimmed eyes. He was silently pleading with me not to continue. But he kept his face turned up all the same, prepared to take every hit right to his face, as if believing he deserved nothing better than this. A bunch of soiled banknotes. Cursed diamonds digging into his throat.
I tried to stop looking. He had rejected me. I wasn't going to push him to change his mind, not even with his actions and his gaze telling a different story from his words. But I couldn't help glancing at him, trying to see if he still had those braces on under the jacket when he shifted in his chair.
Moriarty stared at him for a moment, not making the slightest movement towards the door. The moment stretched until the silence became unnatural, and I found myself setting my jaw and squaring my shoulders not to fidget. When Moriarty finally spoke, he didn't move a muscle, just settling the question in the tense air with his hollow voice:
Holmes raised his hands, palms out in a soothing gesture. “Sherlock. Let's calm down. I am your brother and I know you better than anyone.” He smiled faintly. “Look at you. Look how close you are to becoming the star you were always meant to be. Just look at where you are.” He gestured around to the large dressing room.
Out of the corner of my eye, I finally saw Sherlock's face turning to me. Afraid to break the spell, I didn't look back, and I couldn't see the look on his face. When I finally caved and turned to him, he quickly looked away.
Everyone parted before him when he walked through the hallway. He opened the golden doors to the stage, stepping out into the spotlight, and when he reached the stairs, the red curtain fell closed heavily behind him. His steps down the stairs and through the aisle between the chairs were those of a man walking to his execution.
When I've finished eating I close my eyes against the friendly sunlight. My mother has left the garden, but Harriet is still sitting on the grass among the discarded flowers.
This makes Sherlock pause. “Really?” John can see his brain kick into gear, his eyes dancing over John’s face and around the room – likely analysing the comings and goings of daylight that his subconscious has registered, seeing details that no one but Sherlock knows to look for. John watches as he deduces that it is, in fact, New Year’s Eve, and that midnight is seconds away.
“That won't be until tomorrow!” John rubs a hand across his eyes. “Maybe you can just find a bed inside the house.”
No matter how he tries, he can't stop thinking about it for the rest of the trip. His thoughts constantly slip back to the sofa in Sherlock's new flat. He sees Sherlock's face before him, lost in pleasure.
John’s hand is under Sherlock’s shirt, stroking his belly with a light palm. Sherlock closes his eyes. He can sense John watching him, and it should probably feel strange that his best friend sees him like this… but it doesn’t.
The kisses are even better this time. Our bodies have made sense of the memories of the other; now they seem to know precisely how we can fit together. At first he simply holds me. He rests his forehead against mine, his fingers playing with my fingers, before he finally dares to push forward and kiss me. His lips are a bit sticky with sugar from the caramels. This time it feels familiar and I meet him with greed.
– and then Sherlock's mouth is back on his, brushing softly back and forth across John's lips. John sighs contentedly through his nose, and Sherlock presses in harder.
With every part of their old bedtime routine they go through, John feels more like himself. Their movement through the flat is frictionless, and the word
is on the shelves of every book store. Sherlock puts up a token complaint about John's romanticising language and plot construction. John nuzzles his cheek and tells him that's because it is a romance. When John puts a copy in Sherlock's hands for the first time, Sherlock goes very still and stares at it for a long, long time.
The three strangers in the group have apparently not seen John since their university days and spend a few tedious moments catching up. Before long, though, Stamford takes the conversation in a new direction by peering at the baby in my arms.
Sherlock's eyes held so much pain that I had to look away. The ridiculous stage I was standing on, this audience that I had done everything for. It was all so beautiful, what we had created together; it was
The thirty-sixth year, John falls a little more in love every day. Their lodge is shaping into their home, warming up with flames from the fireplace and cuddly leg tangles on the sofa. Sherlock spends all day in the garden lost in his bee colonies. John sits at the desk, closes his blog and opens an empty Word document, looking through the window at Sherlock's back. His posture tells John how content he is, and his words are softer at the edges. Sometimes they laugh about the way he used to insult John and order him around, and the way John was grumpy and fussy all the time, and Sherlock's rumbling laughter rolls around the lodge and all the laugh lines on his face show, and John loves him intensely.
. His eyes blatantly wander down Sherlock’s open collar. He licks his lips, then forcibly closes his eyes and smiles in embarrassment.
My best shirt hangs on a hook beside my door, ironed and starched. When I wash myself, shave and get dressed, I think about how long it's been since I spent time with the Drömme villagers. There's something very reassuring about celebrating a national holiday at the familiar village hall, with the same group of people that I've known my entire life. Stambro Mikael and Lestare Greger wait for me at the corner as they always do. We get waffles with strawberry jam and whipped cream for free from Greger's mother who runs the waffle-stand every year. We buy tickets for the lottery even though the first prize is always something ugly like oven-ware in the shape of a duck.
shows a polska variation (where the emphasis is equal on all three beats, rather than on the first and third beat), and is the best video I've found that captivates some of the atmosphere on a dance floor. Beautiful performance, highly recommend.
“C’mon, then.” John stands up and holds out his hand. Sherlock grabs it impatiently and walks towards the stairs, dragging John behind him.
He mourns the Sherlock who died on the pavement outside Bart's, the one with the reckless smile and the untouched back. He mourns every opportunity they missed when they were both still naively invincible and boyishly happy and
Sherlock rolls his eyes even harder at the bottle of wine John places in his hands, then puts it on the closest surface and forgets about it. It was much too expensive for John's budget, but he couldn't stand giving Sherlock some cheap crap, even knowing Sherlock wouldn't give him anything at all. He doesn't even mind that. Sherlock will be Sherlock, and John will be here to love him for it.
, whatever it is. And now he doesn't even remember why he should have stopped it. It aches in him everywhere he and Sherlock touch, and he tries to get closer to relieve the ache. No matter how close he gets, his lungs gasp for him to get even closer; he will burst if he doesn't come closer than this.
“No. No, there's something the matter.” He turned away again, but I grabbed his arm, forcing him to face me. “Tell me what it is.” His eyes squeezed shut ever so briefly, and I shook him in a desperate effort to get through. “Tell me the truth!”
. It would mean Sherlock knowing that John knows that Sherlock stopped sleeping at exactly the same time as John started sleeping upstairs, and they don't talk about that.
“John”, William breathes when the night is motionless and dark. “I can't get enough of you.” This time I am lying with him on top of the blankets, fully clothed. I twirl his hair around my fingers. He closes his eyes and moans quietly. “I don't know what to do.”
Sherlock turned, looking straight at Holmes for the first time. “See, I'm in top form.” He threw his arms out, showing off his slim form with the pronounced waist under the black veil of lace. “Happy?”
in the typewriter, I always stay and listen to the music. I watch the closing credits to the very end, and I cry. If you want to, I invite you to listen to
John giggles, catching the amused glint in Sherlock's eyes, and then he switches on the telly. Sherlock turns on his side, making his soft curls slide over John's hand on his crown. John puts his other hand on Sherlock's bony shoulder, feeling him slowly relax into the position.
who are there all the time, seeing everything, judging everything. Every time John comes too close to Sherlock, his skin prickles and his lungs tighten. He steps back quietly, fighting the tremor in his hand.
William nods at me. “John”, he says gravely. I like the way he says it. It sounds… significant, somehow.
He leads John in the direction of the village inn. John is too tired to question where they are going, missing the fact that Sherlock is currently being considerate.
It’s all whispered into the narrow space between them like a secret. Sherlock hangs onto every word, anticipation simmering in his gut.
Yesterday's adventure felt unreal in the white daylight. The magical creature I had met inside this strange building seemed to belong in fairy-tales. It was hard to imagine he would actually be inside the stage building in the back – perhaps he didn't exist at all unless it was dark.
John's tongue darting out to wet his lips is the only warning Sherlock gets, really. The answer comes to him in sudden intuition (which for the record is an imprecise element to rely on and not dependable in the science of deduction): He is waiting for Sherlock to either look away, or to keep staring back.
Sherlock sees that John isn't normal. He chose to let John into his magical world, to see the battlefield of London and to navigate all the secret pathways in the city with him. He looked at John, cracked one joke, dashed off and knew John would follow, because somehow he already
“Of course”, William says. “It might be wise to wait until next summer to have the wedding, though. That would give us time to work on the rings; we can't have ordinary wedding bands, obviously, but I'm thinking a necklace of some kind. Also, I need time to compose the wedding waltz and teach it to Jacob so he can play it after the ceremony. And we need to find suitable clothes for the occasion. I was thinking something in grey, and buttonholes with forget-me-nots…”
It's after one a.m. when he comes back home. It was good to feel like Three Continents Watson again. They have already planned a second date.
I moved my hand to make him stop thinking, and he grabbed my wrist to speed me up. He soon didn't remember anything but my name.
In trying to make progress, I fail. It ends in discomfort and anger and sorrow and sometimes, hatred. But it seems like even when I don't do anything, something is happening. We float in time and time does something to us, and it's a little bit more bearable to be in this flat.
“And what if the sex is bad?” John shakes his head. “Sorry, I don’t want to make it sound like a big deal, but… well, it is. To me, sex is important. And it’s not about whether you’re gorgeous – you are – but sometimes two people just don’t click when it comes down to it. Our friendship will never be the same.”
“So what are you going to do?” Holmes snapped. “Leave the Moulin Rouge? Remember what happened before I saved you from the streets, Sherlock.”
… But the waltz that William hums is a special one. I didn't like any of the versions found online, so I made my own recording! I'm extra picky with this one as I'm letting the boys borrow a song that “belonged” to me and my first boyfriend – it was when he played Lurkas that I fell in love with him. See why I chose it for the boys? If you want to hear me play it on my fiddle, you can find it on my Tumblr:
“I only have two chapters left”, I told them, gesturing to the thick bundle of papers beside my typewriter.
John shouldn't have eaten his whole pizza. And he shouldn't have let Sherlock fool him into “having a taste” of his pizza too. He sinks down onto the sofa, stretching out with a groan, closing his eyes for a few moments. After a power nap, he feels slightly better. His stomach doesn't hurt but his limbs are still heavy, sinking deep into the cushions.
John grabs hold of two railings to steady himself. He closes his eyes. It's staggering how amazing it can be just to listen to the sounds Sherlock makes. Just to witness this genius give in completely to his body, using John for his pleasure without self-consciousness. John lowers one hand into his own pants. Oh, it feels a hundred times better simply because Sherlock is here with him.
Then he sniffs haughtily and adds: “Of course, the average dancer doesn't bother to really listen to the music. They dance in time with the beat but are too lazy to listen for nuances.” He rolls his eyes. “Dull. Tedious to play for. Why dance if you don't want to
He trusted my judgement enough to walk up the flight of stairs to Stamford's flat wearing his dressing gown. And it was one of the most perfect things I have ever seen, Sherlock sitting next to Stamford by the piano, looking soft and private, singing
Sherlock watches him with wonder. He has never felt so cared for and so seen. He marvels at the very existence of John Watson; and that’s when his friend opens his mouth to say:
“Yeah, well, good thing you have a police team to help you. Really, Sherlock, some nights I just can't be with you.”
I look up to tell William no, but then I make the grave mistake of meeting his eyes. I'm not prepared for the intensity I find in them. He looks like this sometimes; when he wants to unravel something interesting it's as if everything about him sharpens. Once he's set his mind on cracking an enigma, I have yet to see him let it go until he's got his answer.
When John is finished in the bathroom, Sherlock still hasn't moved to change into pyjamas. John pops his head into the kitchen: “You coming?”
They got off the train, Sherlock's hand drifting unbidden to John's lower back. John looked up at him, and Sherlock looked back, hoping John would understand the desires he didn't fully understand himself. John just smiled at him. It was both maddening and reassuring.
A sinister chord rang out from the piano in the theatre. A fiddle joined, the bow cutting deep into the strings in a woeful prelude. Two women walked out of a shadowed alcove onto the dance floor, all alone on the dark wooden sea.
While the film plays, their bodies melt together until there is no air between them. Sherlock is silent the whole movie. When John realises that he doesn't even scoff at the plot holes, he has to duck a smile into Sherlock's hair.
“Sherlock”, I breathed, crawling onto the bed on my knees and gathering him into my arms. He clutched me, muscles trembling with the effort, and buried his drenched face in my shoulder.
“Mmm, maybe like this.” He drags his hand downwards, tracing a light circle around John’s navel through his t-shirt, before settling on his hip.
I've been looking forward to this Sunday all winter, of course; we all have. It's the end of April, the Sunday before Valborg; the first night-wooing weekend of the year. Tonight the boys of Drömme are permitted to leave their houses after sunset and recite the traditional verses outside the girls' doors, hoping to be let inside. Wandering through the village I can feel it in the air; the buzzing anticipation of every unmarried boy and girl over sixteen.
“Yes”, I whispered, because though neither of us knew how that sentence was going to end, I understood.
Sherlock moved his mouth to speak several times, but he felt too small to find his voice. Suddenly he was a little boy again, disappointing his older brother and doing everything wrong, wrong,
The moment bent, an exception to the laws of time. When it ended, Sherlock's smile was smug. He dashed his arm out to throw away a rose that someone tried to hand him – the poor young man paled, and then blushed intensely, under the stare of Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock reached out with both hands and shoved at the lapels of the boy's suit with a fast, practised movement, making the jacket slide off his shoulders. Then he turned his back and went on to the next man trying to get a handful of any part of Sherlock's body.
, and a bit puzzled. John draws him in, slipping his arms around his – far too thin! – frame, holding him firmly against his chest.
John peeks over his shoulder at the bank statement in his hand. “I don't know. But you'll probably work it out when you've nourished that brain of yours with some food. Come on, we've been stuck at this for hours now. It won't just-”
They were standing away from the bed; Martha, Holmes, and the doctor with his black hat and his serious eyes.
I stop and turn, surprised that he even saw me in a moment such as this. He looks up at me from his seat inside the ambulance, gaze direct. He fumbles for words for a second before he gets out a
I can't dance, but it didn't matter. He swayed me carefully, round and round in a slow circle. When the music reached a climax his head fell back, allowing me to press my mouth against his long throat. And I wish I could tell him, I wish he knew what I see when I look at him, I wish he knew how I feel. All I can do is hold him carefully, letting him feel by the press of my hands how he is of all things the most precious to me.
It's one thing to cuddle during movie nights. It's one thing to accidentally fall asleep on a narrow sofa, forcing them close together. It's a whole other thing to purposely walk together into a bedroom, when there are two perfectly fine beds in the flat. Friends don't do that –
He is. He’s sitting cross-legged on the couch, hair a mess and dressing gown half off his shoulder. Before him on the coffee table is a large heap of black socks.
It's not until I pull off my underpants that self-consciousness hits me. I can hear William undress right behind me, quiet and quick. There's nothing to be embarrassed by, I tell myself. I swim naked with Mikael and Greger all the time; no big deal.
Just as he's about to pass me he makes his first spins, arms still stretched out on each side. His balance is perfect; it looks effortless. Just as it does when he plays the fiddle. Just as it does when he knows everything about me from a single glance. He stops spinning to walk casually backwards, staring into my eyes. I can see a challenge in his eyes that I don't want to back down from.
John answers with the same kind of stories. Sherlock has never come close to hearing anything like this from him before. Before, it was as if John had sprung fully formed into his current, competent adult shape. Sherlock saves every pearl from John’s past in his mind with infinite care.
The forty-seventh year, their walks by the beach are languid, the dog slowing down until finally it is only John and Sherlock left. They keep walking anyway, appearing silent for everyone who doesn't know how wordless their communication is. Rosie laughs at how they look the same as they always have; Sherlock's dramatic strides, eyes mystically narrowed in the wind, curls whipping, and John's military posture still lingering around his shoulders and spine.
Molly tries to strike up conversation with Sherlock, smiling softly through his biting answers. Tori is cross because Sherlock is an arsehole, refusing to smile. Sherlock is sulky, probably because he finds Christmas pointless and all the people prevent him from thinking. Greg and Mrs Hudson talk with loud voices and try to lighten the mood. Mycroft blessedly hasn't shown up. And John Watson does what John Watson does best; remains unfazed in the middle of it all.
I huffed a laugh, looking down at the floor by my feet. “I'll be honest, it's not much better inside, but… I have tea – proper, British tea.”
is here, it seems – everyone except Holm William. I stride confidently across the room to the bench where Lisa is sitting, taking care to create a proud, halling-like posture. I'm rewarded by her gaze sweeping down my body once before she smiles and accepts my outstretched hand.
Suddenly it is unbearable that John is still wearing his jacket. It makes him angular and stiff, when in reality John is anything but. Sherlock wants to know the exact places in which John is soft, where he is solid, where he is rounded and smooth and where he is sharp and hard.
John walks through the living room, glancing back at Sherlock's motionless figure, and goes upstairs without saying goodnight.
It takes almost nothing. Sherlock moves messily over him, and John watches his lips stretch and his cheek bulge, he watches Sherlock's forehead crease with arousal and feels him moaning. The orgasm seems to last for minutes, and all the while Sherlock keeps him firmly in his mouth.
When I started to make my way across the room, he saw me. His eyes were unreadable during the second they met mine, and then he left his spot, walking away. I cursed the drunken people stumbling across my path, afraid that he would slip out the door before I could reach him.
At eight he sets the table (he'd spent a ridiculous amount of time cleaning it off during the afternoon), lights a candle and walks into the living room.
If not for that head of inky curls, I would almost have failed to recognise him. I hadn't seen him in anything other than suits since that first night, but today, Sherlock wore a purple dress. It hugged his slim figure so tightly that he could barely breathe in it. There were white buttons down the whole front, and the stiff collar was open to show off his collarbones and long throat. The shoulders of the dress were angular, making him look strait-laced, but the straight-cut skirt ended indecently high on his thighs.
Sat back down. Finally ate the takeaway. I had cried enough for it to taste like nothing. The clouds blew past us and revealed the moon properly.
Against all reason, I understand that this is not a mistake after all. Whoever this is, he really meant to find my door.
His face was wide open and paler than the moon above him. His eyes lay in shadow, for which I'm somewhat grateful, because his face showed almost more than I could take right then anyway.
The flat is filled with Sherlock. He's quiet but he's glowing. He's walking about with his dressing gown untied over a crisp white shirt with straining buttons. He moves with a hushed grace that he is unaware of himself – he doesn't even seem to think I'm looking. His face is unmoving – not closed off, not sulky, just still, just quiet. His skin is pale, his lips are too, but his eyes are softly shining, the undersea-rainbows playing over his work, over the walls, sometimes gliding peacefully over me.
When our eyes meet, I notice the words hanging in the air. Something about the grand sky and the scent of freshwater from our skin allows it to be said – a simple fact, something that doesn't require any excuses or explanations. William is the one to ultimately say it out loud:
I narrowed my eyes, waiting for further explanation, but that seemed to be all. I finally stepped closer to him, crossing the floor on legs that suddenly ached. “But-”
He shifted behind him. Sherlock screwed his eyes shut in childish hope that it would prevent Moriarty from spotting me on the ground below.
I yawn and let my eyes stay closed for just one second. When I feel a cool fingertip stroke the skin above my eyebrow, I look up.
Everything stopped for a second; laughter silencing, breath halting. His closed mouth pressing earnestly against mine was all there was.
The tunes they're playing today are less explosive than last week, but just as powerful. This one is in a minor key, pensive and expressive. Holm William still plays the melody, Soling Jacob sweeps forth the harmonies, and there is no bow-stroke that isn't skilfully reflected by the other player.
He shrugs out of his long coat. I watch it slide down his arms, revealing a light-grey shirt with black braces framing his back. I quietly close the door, pursing my lips as he tosses the coat over the back of my chair without invitation. He steps out of his shoes. Then he walks straight to my bed, smooths out the blankets and lies down on top of them.
The corner of his mouth twitched. “For the work”, he repeated. He held my gaze for a moment longer, then he turned away. “Irene!” he shouted.
“Oh, don’t underestimate him, John”, Sherlock says with a dangerous smile. “Never underestimate him. Mycroft never does anything by chance, and there’s nothing he shies away from when it comes to tormenting me. This is why you should never trust him – he can’t even buy a Christmas present without being sadistic!”
The last year, Sherlock keeps his promise. He lets John go first. He cries and John tells him that he should not let his senses fool him, John might turn up at the most inopportune time and reveal that he is not dead. Sherlock laughs or keeps crying, it is hard to be sure, and he tells John he will need to come back quickly then, because Sherlock likely won't have long.
John takes a bite of toast and frowns. “I don’t know. It’s just the kind of thing people don’t rush into.”
“Fine”, I say, and William grins and sits up abruptly in my bed. “But you have to be quiet or you'll wake-”
“It is possible, you know”, he said to me. “That dream of creating something. You should follow me back there, John – bring your typewriter.”
thought you were ugly. And when you came back, I sort of… found myself looking at you. It was your throat, at first. Do you have any idea how beautiful your throat is? And your collarbones, god. And then I just… you know.”
When the cottage comes into sight, every step Sherlock takes feels fateful. He has the most curious feeling that these are the last few moments of this life as he knows it.
John doesn't know what that's supposed to mean, but he doesn't care, fighting to get his legs to carry him up the stairs. As soon as he's up, Sherlock pulls at his arm and slams the door behind him, crushing him in his arms. John clutches him tightly, tries to hold on to Sherlock's coat, but the fabric is too thick and well-tailored and
We sit there until next time a tune ends, then William suddenly rises and makes his way to the centre of the floor. I consider being annoyed that he didn't bother to tell me an excuse, or even look at me before he left – but instead I just find myself curious. I'm starting to understand that Holm William is a whirlwind of sudden turns and unpredictable whims… and that I'll never be bored again if I keep spending time with him.
Sherlock moves even lower, breathing hotly into the skin of John's stomach. John can barely manage to hold still any more, Sherlock's position making it very hard not to want something that he's been very careful about not wanting when looking at Sherlock's mouth as he speaks. But Sherlock kisses John's skin just above the waistband of his pyjamas, and John will lose it if he isn't touched soon.
In a weird way, what I feel now is similar to what I felt that morning, the morning I wrote that other secret letter to you all those years ago. The connection to you. The awareness of your body moving around. The quiet after-ness that doesn't require terms. Just you and me and a certainty of something I don't even know what it is.
“Oh, no”, she waved a hand. “Who would concern themselves with an old courtesan like me? But, Sherlock did. He tried to speak to Holmes, as I can recall, but his hands were tied. Sherlock, bright thing, did not give up, however.”
The doors to the theatre hall were open to let the cold night in. Beyond the dancing couples now filling the dance floor, I could see the castle rise above the elephant. An endless, unyielding wall, miles of stone to shut me out. I tried not to look at the taunting firelight from inside the tower, but my eyes betrayed me. The nausea was building in my stomach.
Sherlock barely has time to reach out, his hands grasping blindly at whatever part of John they encounter (jacket and shoulder) before John sinks to his knees. Sherlock nearly falls backwards with the surge of lust rolling through him. He catches himself with his hands in John's hair; then he must immediately let go with his right hand, stuffing the fist into his mouth to prevent a groan when John's tongue presses flat against his frenulum.
“John”, he hummed, and his strained voice sounded relieved, a soft moan of pleasure escaping him. “More.”
with her, and we got sucked into the work the way you do when you're skirting the edges of something grand. The work floated upon the distinctive notes of Stamford's piano, flowed with Molly's lovely voice, progressed slowly but surely. The scene almost shaped itself under our hands.
When they moved in, the garden was a mess; overgrown bushes, dead branches and weeds everywhere. Sherlock has not had time to tidy it, and it has been a silent worry of his; that the bees will not like it here and choose to leave before he can get properly started with them. But now most of the wild bushes are gone. Instead there are flower beds; neat sections of small plants, and stretches of fresh soil waiting to be used. There is a spade and a black plastic bag lying on one of them, where John is clearly still working on getting rid of the weeds.
There was no answer, though I heard something above me. I went to the golden heart-shaped ornament at the front, for the first time peering up at the stairs rising to the sides. I stepped onto them, climbing the side of the elephant's head. I realised how incredibly high this animal really was when the ground stretched out below me, only a thin handrail there to ensure my safety.
He remembers now where she is. Her office had a Christmas party tonight, and he was supposed to join her but had to wrap up a case with Sherlock. She's likely drunk – but that's never made her call him in the middle of the night before.
The old man and the young boy are facing each other, fiddles on their shoulders and bows in their hands, staring at each other intently. Soling Jacob stomps his foot for a few beats in triple time, and the boy gives another nod. They lift their bows.
I sat by my typewriter, fingers resolutely on the keys. I steadily ignored the way my insides were swirling, floating, aching, but it didn't help.
Sherlock is no longer laughing. He breathes hard, twisting and turning under John's weight. Sweat has broken out over his skin and releases his scent, sweet and warm. The smell of him makes John daring. He lets his whole weight fall onto Sherlock's body, capturing him from head to toe.
