Dean responded to Sam after some time. He just looked at him. Then he screamed. Like it was some nightmare and he could scream himself awake.
And now that the adrenaline was slowly leaving him, he hit the ground of reality. He felt every wound, every word that hurt. He realized what he had said, what his father had said.
It couldn't be here, he had sworn to himself that his home would stay in Kansas, where everything was beautiful. Where she was.
Slowly Dean tried to get up and crawl out of the tent without waking Cas up. In fact, Dean did it with some skilful moves.
"I think I have to throw up." Dean thought out lout and the next moment he had a kind of plastic bucket on his lap that he just threw up into. The nurse was helping him to stay seated. When he was done she just took the bucket away, while Dean tried to not just fall back into the pillow. He buried his hands in his hair.
Cas had persuaded Dean to put on one of his shirts to sleep. Of course Dean had refused the offer until Cas said that he should just take it. That he knew what Dean's problem was.
That he should have known when he left the house in the morning. He should have seen that there was something different about her. That she was calmer than usual. That she was sad. That her eyes didn't smile. But he didn't.
"And for a while he will be." Dean said coldly, scaring himself even after those words left his mouth. Sam looked at Dean as shocked as he looked at him. Dean sighed and buried his head in his hands.
"Are you staying with me?" Dean asked automatically at some point. It was one of his biggest fears at this moment. Cas looked at him in confusion for a moment, until he understood the question. He leaned over and kissed Dean's forehead.
Dean was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't really get it when he arrived at the hospital. Just as he had gone to Cas yesterday.
"Nothing, actually." Castiel answered. "I mean, you're weird. I don't believe you're really like that, but if we wanna act like you're the cold asshole you pretend or wanna be, we can do that."
After what seemed like an eternity, Cas let go of Dean's arm. Dean pulled his sleeve down and cleared his throat.
"Like shit." Dean mumbled and tugged on the blanket. He didn't look at John, he couldn't. None of them said anything. In Dean's head he only remembered the hours before when he almost punched his own dad for something he had nothing to do with.
John had put his arm around Dean's shoulder and they slowly walked towards the house. It felt like there was an invisible wall between Dean and the house, because he felt so repelled. As if the house hated him as much as he hated it. Actually, that didn't matter because Dean entered it anyway.
Just now he also didn't want a poetic declaration about how everything will be okay again. He didn't want to hear the bulshit about pain and happiness belonging together and having to coexist for life to really make sense. Because Dean had had enough of all the pain.
Cas pressed his hard middle against Dean's and a moan left them and for a second Dean's brain stopped thinking and he wanted him to do it again. Dean thought that Cas could do anything to him if it meant that he would stop thinking. All Dean wanted to know and feel is just Cas, him, his lover and everything the dark haired boy did to him. Dean wanted Castiel to be the only thing he would think about.
Cas only barely introduced Dean, both of them actually wanted to leave right away, but his grandparents insisted that they have dinner together.
No matter what, he remained stubborn and continued to stay in the car. As if he were stronger than the fucking sun.
"From that moment on, I lived with them and made their lives hell for a few months. You know, binge drinking, sneaking out all the time, skipping school, yelling at everyone and everything. Balthazar loved it and encouraged it. That guy was pure chaos. Like the world was shit to me, now I'm allowed to shit on it too, yes, that's what it was back then."
Cas swallowed hard and burried himself into the couch. At that moment, Cas just hoped he'd be better in a few days.
"I can't take this, Cas." He whispered and Cas looked at the ceiling, trying to hold himself together.
Either they were at his or Dean's place. John was just glad Dean had some kind of friend and didn't ask annoying questions, that Dean didn't want to answer yet. When they played video games, Sam sometimes sat down and Cas and Sam seemed to get along quite well. But they didn't say anything and they tried to behave inconspicuously.
Only a short time later Dean found himself with Cas and a cliche red plastic cup on Gabriel's couch. They chatted with the guys and a few other people for a while until Cas disappeared from the scene and talked to other people Dean didn't know about.
Sometimes Dean forgot he was a teenager. God, sometimes he forgot that he existed or that there was a life outside his routine. There was more to life than getting up, going to school, curling up in bed.
At 2:00am Sam and Dean shared a shitty air mattress. They decided that as long as they had nothing, they could live together in a room. Actually, it was Sam's idea. He said he didn't want tob e alone. Partly Dean believed him, but another part knew that he just wanted to make sure that Dean wouldn't run away. But that didn't bother him. Dean didn't want to be alone either.
Dean felt Cas' hands go under his sweater and he was scared of so many things at the same time and Cas knew that because he knew Dean. Better than he should, but it was okay. Dean tried to believe that it was okay.
Dean felt weird when he texted him. But he promised and Dean had to keep that promise before he had to see Cas so sad again. Before Dean had to do such a horrible conversation with him again.
"Different person. There are worlds between him now and then. He was very exhausting, we were very worried." She told Dean.
When they both seperated, they both took a deep breath. Dean's face was still in his hands and Cas was holding it so Dean could look him in the eye.
Sometimes Dean wondered if this was all real. If maybe it was just a cruel test he had to pass and then everything would be like before.
"We moved. We used to live in Kansas and now, please don't ask any questions, okay?" Dean realized too late how desperate he sounded. He hated it, but the words were already spoken.
Cas started kissing his cheek, down to his jaw, every inch he could get and Dean just closed his eyes and tried to concentrate on it.
"Everything will be okay, I just know that." Sam said after a while and Dean just looked at him for a while until he nodded.
He breathed quickly, could feel the sweat forming on his forehead. He leaned against the wall as he removed the gloves Cas had given him.
"I'll ask you something now and you'll answer honestly, understand?" Sam said and Dean nodded. "Did you do anything? To you?"
They just sat and talked. Dean doesn't remember what it was about, which may mean that it was probably very unimportant, but at that moment Dean was okay. They laughed together and talked about some insignificant nonsense. But it was important, because it helped him. Only for a short time, but Dean didn't care about that.
"He's so different with you." His grandma said but didn't look up. "In a good way. I remember back when he first moved here, poor kid, he was just a mess."
Some time later John entered the room and Dean wanted to bury himself under the covers. He could already feel the tears in his eyes and almost couldn't breathe.
"Yes." Dean nodded. They didn't look at each other, but continued to stare down the street. The empty street with a few street lights. Dean noticed Sam leaning back and finally lying on the roof.
After they broke the kiss again Cas pulled him closer, so that Dean's head was now on his shoulder. He was warm and quite comfortable. He smelled like cotton candy. Maybe even watermelon.
After a while they found themselves in Cas' bed again. Dean laid on his chest, his arm around his torso, Cas' arm stroking his back. They didn't sleep, though that happened quite often. At some point Dean would have to get up and walk home and that was just one of the last things he wanted to do.
That was the whole point. Dean didn't want it to work. The darkest part of him, wants to ruin everything. To break everything and everyone apart, until they were as broken as he was. So they could finally fucking understand.
Sam really was and Dean hoped with everything he had, that Sam would stay right. Dean was still fucking terrified that Cas would just leave any second. That he would realized that Dean is too much to handle and thw worst part was, that Dean couldn't blame him.
Because of the huge windows it was sunlit and Dean could tell, that it had a small garden. Much smaller than their garden in Kansas, but he tried to suppress this knowledge, the pictures that came to his head. He tried to ignore that the kitchen was much smaller, the living room had a weird layout, that there was no bathtub and that his future bedroom was smaller than his old one.
Sometimes it seemed to Dean as if Cas was noticing when the pain and sadness came near. He pulled Dean closer, kissed his hairline, and then the pain receded. But it was there, somewhere, and Dean felt it watching him.
They left the dishes, said they would do them tomorrow. Dean disappeared to his room first, while Sam and John remained seated. Dean knew that John would question Sam. If he saw him, whether he was really where he was supposed to be. He just laid on his bed, staring at the white ceiling.
"I don't know." He said quitly, unaware if his was lying or not. John put his hand on Cas shoulder and Cas tried way to hard not to flinch. He would have understood it better if John would have punched him in the face.
Dean hadn't hurt himself in the entire week. It suprised him. Maybe he was too busy with his, well, friends? In the evening he often texted with Cas, but mostly it was about the trip they were on right now. Nothing special.
"Do you think we should keep all of this to ourselves first?" Cas asked after a while and Dean swallowed hard but started to nod.
"Cool." Castiel said. He looked at his tray full of food, then back at the table of staring boys, back at his tray, again at Dean.
"Same. Then there are four of us. Welcome to the family, you are an official member now." A sad laugh left both of them.
After that he went to his room and before he fell asleep he cried because he was the new guy. A stranger. And he let it get the better of him.
"I would like to go to parties with you." Dean honestly said. He hadn't been to a party for too long.
Sammy followed after about half an hour. Dean had already heard him come into his room and a short time later he was sitting next to him. He said nothing tabout the argument and Dean was grateful.
He started to go school again and catching up on all the stuff he had missed, while Cas of course helped him.
It wasn't the first time Dean's body reacted differently than his head. Sometimes Dean started shaking in the middle of the day without knowing the reason. It never lasted long and currently he had gotten used to it, but the first few times he was convinced that he had a brain tumor.
For about a week Dean and Cas were together. In their own little world. They spent a good amount of time together, either in person or on the phone. Dean wanted to spend every second of his fucking day with this boy, and it looked like Cas was the same.
"Of course!" Cas replied as fast as he had turned. He probably knew Dean well enough at the moment that he had expected this question. "Honestly. We're friends."
Benny spoke to him at some point, but he sounded like Dean's are were clogged. Benny asked if everything was okay and laughed when he noticed how drunk Dean was. That guy was no better.
Because his life was boring and he was afraid if he made it look like everything was fine for just a second, his father and Sam would get false hopes that Dean could just as quickly, within seconds, burn to the ground.
Cas was sober again, while Dean was fucking high. He couldn't even walk a straight line and almost fell a few times. Actually Castiel hoped that Dean would calm down on the way back, but that wasn't the case.
Cas and Dean had been together for almost two months and they reall weren't good at hiding it. John knew it, Cas' grandparents knew it. His dad knew it. They talked to him once through skype and Cas introduced them. He was nice.
Probably it was all in Dean's blonde head because he lost all the luck he ever knew in Kansas. His heart hurt.
"I know." Cas said naturally. "Just wanted to know if you're okay. You didn't reply to any messages."
When they ate the pizza, it was almost as if nothing had ever happened. As if Sam hadn't just came home from the hospital. As if he hadn't been there or nothing bad ever happened.
"But." Cas started and Dean knew what he was about to say. "I can't just put my hand in your pants here, you know?"
"How was your first day at work." Sam asked their father to distract him and Dean couldn't have loved him more at that moment. When John started talking, Sam and Dean's eyes met, whereupon Sam winked at him with a cheeky grin.
"How are you?" Dean asked, well aware of the fact that he had delayed the question all day. He wanted to ask Sam in the right moment, when they were alone and the posibility of a honest answer was higher.
The boys asked about him, but Cas said that he didn't know anymore than they did. They believed him or at least they made it look like they did. They still didn't know about their relationship. Maybe that should only happen when Dean is better.
He didn't look at his father who stood across from him, behind a chair. John has never been able to sit at a table to have a conversation.
"I know what you meant. I understand things, Dean. I know what happened. I know what you saw. I understand, believe me, but I have no idea what's in your fucking head and dad doesn't know either. And he knows that." he explained and Dean couldn't do anything but stare at him sadly. "He just wants to help you."
With a few memories, some happening, Dean was alone. A part of him was lonely. The part he couldn't share with anyone else.
Dean asked himself a bunch of questions. Would Castiel leave him alone at school now? Would he say something? Would he tell someone? What did he think? Why is he so silent now? Normally he would annoy the shit out of Dean. Did Castiel ever annoy Dean, though?
Of course Dean knew what he meant, what he wanted. Demanded. And Dean felt it, he couldn't promise anything. Actually, Dean was pretty sure Cas knew that.
After a while he heard footsteps in front of his door, which tore him out of his depressive thoughts. The door opened seconds later and Sam stuck his head in his room.
With his hands spread across the table between them, Dean catches Jack’s downcast gaze and tries to do better.
There are ten of them on board; Castiel, his co-pilot Daniel Fisher, their navigator Rufus Turner, bombardier Alfie Johnson, radio operator Chuck Shurley, flight engineer and top turret gunner Gabriel Sugarman, ball turret gunner Frank Devereux, waist gunners Andy Gallagher and Theo Pike, and tail gunner Bartholomew Messinger.
, but it’s never been on the cards. His hands are scarred and clumsy, and whenever he’s tried he’s only made things worse.)
“Curse box? Hell, we could throw it in the Ma’lek box and fill it with cement. But we can figure that out later.” He glances at Rowena again, and shuffles on his feet. “Assuming you’ll do it, that is.”
But deep in his chest, he can feel his anger bubbling up, waiting for an excuse to burst out in a toxic wave, and knows he’s too tired to fight it. Better to just keep quiet and hope Cas walks away without saying anything else.
“No,” he says, and it’s astonishing how quickly that one word makes the tension leech from Dean’s body. How he seems to breathe back into himself. It spurs Castiel on. “I was… I did care about him. I
“On second thought—” Dean pushes to his feet with an undignified grunt and kicks off his shoes. “Too old to be kneeling on the floor. Scoot back.”
It’s like being in the alley in Colorado all over again. Castiel can almost smell the stale beer and garbage. It makes his stomach turn.
He tells himself he’s looking for Sam when he heads out into the school grounds shortly after. It’s a lie, of course. It’s barely after five in the morning, and he never even checked the classroom where his brother had been sleeping last night.
It’s not until the following evening, as he sits in the kitchen eating a bland meal he can barely taste and looks through the freshly developed photographs he collected from the drugstore that day, that his thoughts fall on his small collection of records and he has an idea.
Near Sweetwater, they come across a nasty car accident with a handful of cops directing traffic around the debris. When he sees the flashing lights on their cruisers, Dean feels a bubble of hope forming in his chest, but John doesn’t even flinch at the sight of them. He drives right by, as though he hasn’t done a single thing to warrant police interest.
He’s only been alone for half the day. Around nine in the morning, Crowley received a call from Rowena and told him he’d be on his own for a while before disappearing from the passenger seat. Cas was irritated by the lack of explanation for all of three seconds before he realized that this meant he was finally getting a break from Crowley’s constant nattering, and smiled to himself in relief before switching the radio to something he could stand to listen to.
“Sorry,” Dean says, and waves a dismissive hand when Castiel tells him it’s not his fault. “It kinda is, though. If you thought there was even a chance that I’d— man. You’re my best friend, Cas. I’ve got your back. That’s not, like… conditional, or whatever.”
Crossing the room, he picks up the coat and shakes it out before slipping it back over his shoulders, then unlocks his cell. He types out a hasty message as he walks down the hall.
As Castiel sits beside him, the log shifts, pressing down into the loamy earth. Dean glances over to look at him. The weak light of the embers casts him in its deep orange glow, reflecting in his eyes, bright as the long-gone sunset. Something in Castiel’s chest settles at the sight.
“I can list some more of your flaws if that would help,” Castiel offers, and smiles when Dean looks at him sharply.
“I don’t care if it’s the smart thing. I want to be selfish. I want to be foolish and reckless and--”
Dean chuckles, and Castiel is glad to huff a low laugh of his own without having to look up the reference or rely on knowledge gained second-hand through Metatron. Though the films about a cannibalistic serial killer aren’t exactly cheerful, his memories of watching them in the bunker with Dean and Sam certainly are. Dean interrupts his thoughts with a thoughtful sound, apparently still planning out the day’s meals.
Objectively, Castiel thinks that this is an absurd thing for him to say. Dean has earned a million kisses, a hundred million,
It’s two days later on a hilly stretch of US-40 in Utah when John becomes convinced that the red-headed woman overtaking them in a Volkswagen minivan is one of the demons he’s trying so desperately to get them away from. She’s got a shaggy white dog in the passenger seat, and a cheerful little sunshine-shaped air freshener hanging from the rearview, and she’s listening to Bob Marley loud enough to hear through their own closed windows as she passes them. John says it’s all just part of an act.
NORMAL, ILLINOIS Police are on the hunt for Lieutenant Castiel James Novak, who was reported missing by his landlord, George Winchester, this Tuesday. Novak was last seen on Saturday afternoon by Winchester’s son Henry, who works in his father’s tailor shop beneath the war hero’s apartment.
He pulls his first glove off with his teeth, then the other, and jams them into the breast pocket of his flight jacket before using his pocketknife to cut himself free of the parachute lines wrapped around his torso. Once he’s free he climbs carefully down to the ground. His crew would laugh at him, he thinks, for how careful he’s being.
Castiel’s eyes settle on every single reminder as he moves around the space, and by the time he heads into the house next door, he’s awash in memories that he’s barely allowed himself to think of in years.
It’s a bold-faced lie, but Dean’s determined. He shuffles forward and stumbles a third time, this time toppling forward to land roughly on hands and knees. Leaning his forehead against the damp wood, he groans and lets his legs hang over either side.
Castiel just lifts his brow and slots one foot between Dean’s, pulling him close to kiss the look away. Only when he feels Dean begin to melt against him does he stop, and Dean’s painted-on frown is back within seconds, even less convincing than before.
With his hands on Dean’s waist, working under his jacket to pull him closer still even as he breaks their kiss, Castiel does what he hadn’t been brave enough to do in Rexford. He tells Dean the truth.
The words are mostly meaningless, but Castiel doesn’t care. He wraps both hands around his mug and inhales the smell.
Until Dean brought it up, Castiel hadn’t given all that much thought to finding a way to circumvent his molecules problem. Now, watching Dean, he thinks he understands why it’s become such a fixation.
Despite Dean’s mouth having already been wrapped around him, it’s only when he feels the soft skin of Dean’s bare stomach pressed against his own that he truly realizes how enormous this moment is for them. How intimate this is. He supposes it must be something primal, something animal, wired into the genetic makeup of his body. Something to do with the most vulnerable part of themselves, their weakest points, exposed to one another willingly.
They spend another hour with Parker, making note of the few other details he’s able to recall—he spent almost three hours with Kelly, the yellow-eyed demon who brought her there was the same dark-haired woman they’d seen in the CCTV footage, all three of the demons he saw seemed to be hoping to win the favor of the baby’s father—and showing him how to protect himself should the demons come back.
“Whoa, what—” Sam reaches out, uncertain, and Dean swallows against the sick feeling that’s rising again. Shakes his head.
It’s not the whole story, and he suspects that Jack can tell, but it’s a start. For the first time all day, Dean has hope that in time, he’ll be able to finish it.
“You did not just ask me that,” he says, leaning forward to rest his forehead against Castiel’s knee in defeat. “Fellatio. Jesus Christ.”
“I’ll be glad when rationing ends. It’s been years since I ate a meal that tasted like more than its individual parts.”
, Castiel realizes, and though the taste isn’t exactly something he’d seek out on its own, knowing the reason it’s there makes him want to chase it. Wants to know Dean’s taste, too, to find out if they’re the same or similar or completely different.
“Something like that,” Sam replies, and he sounds so excited that Dean can’t even bring himself to make fun of him.
"But it's true." Cas' grandma said and Dean grinned, nodded subconsciously. Castiel's grandparents were funny and direct and Dean liked them for that. "Was everything okay with you two, yesterday? You didn't even show up downstairs."
Nothing had changed. At school he didn't sit alone at lunch anymore. They just sat on their table and talked about plans for the weekend or about the new teacher that nobody liked. Cas didn't make a big deal out of what he had seen and didn't talk about it anymore. He didn't act as if he had to take care of Dean, but Dean still thought he did. Or did he just want him to do it?
At Dean's home it was like nothing had ever happened. Although John always took care now that Sam wasn't alone at home and regularly contacted hi. Sam pretended that nothing had happened. Nobody mentioned it, so it never happened, right?
Dean nodded, knowing what Sam meant. He meant his arms, his mind, his circumstances. The only thing Cas didn't know was the trigger.
"Thanks, Cas." he said without turning around and heard the other one stop. No one moved, nothing was heard, absolutely nothing. As if they were alone in the world, in the middle of the forest.
"God yes." Cas' eyes wandered over Dean's body as if he would undress him. As if he didn't know where to start and to be honest Dean really didn't know ether. The last time was long ago and Dean also had a different opinion of himself now.
"I can submit them later." Dean suggested, though he didn't even know what the assignment was. He wasn't polite, he wasn't rude, just emotionless. He really didn't care what the answer was. He just knew what was expected of him. The teacher wanted him to feel terribly bad, because he didn't do what she expeced him to do. As if there weren't a million other reasons to feel bad.
Hesitantly, Dean reached into his jacket pocket and handed his father the package. When he saw him taking out a cigarette, Dean just stared at him for a few seconds before handing his father his lighter.
"He's getting his stomach pumped out." John finally said and Dean's head snapped, looking at his father in shock.
For a while they sat together in silence. It got colder and Dean disappeared into his thoughts. The sun disappeared behind the clouds again and a storm came up. And it seemed like Sam knew and that's why he wasn't leaving.
Dean didn't want to be like this. He wanted to be different, he had the plan that he would tell someone. He had promised Cas to tell him, to talk to him, everything but not that again. And yet he was standing here, and he was no better. It seemed to Dean as if I hadn't improved a little. As if nothing had got better. As if everything was as fucked up as it always was.
"Not so chatty." The guy laughed. He was probably already drunk. Dean took a sip. Cas looked over at me briefly and smiled at him. It calmed Dean down for a second, meaning the guy isn't a well known asshole.
Carefully, he slipped into my room and crawled into his bed. Sam faced the wall. Dean faced the room.
"I know, everyone is worried about me." it bursted out of Dean and he got up, went to the window. Suddenly there was a huge distance between Dean and Cas. Physically and emotionally.
“For the anxiety,” Dean says, and now he looks a little uncomfortable. A little on edge. Castiel suspects he didn’t quite mean to mention it. “Doesn’t do much for the nightmares, though. Truth be told it doesn’t do a hell of a lot for the anxiety a lot of the time, either. You saw my freakout a few days ago. Though I guess that’s not exactly a shocker, considering.”
Dean feels like his own voice is locked somewhere in his throat, so he nods in lieu of attempting to reply. John doesn’t seem to notice.
For a moment, time feels suspended, and then he feels heat roll over him as a fireball lights up the rapidly approaching treetops.
Bao Jianhong had been halfway up a ladder when he’d noticed Castiel, and he descended fluidly, a book with a green cover tucked under one arm.
“You think you’d be able to track down records to find out who Novak was? He’s probably got grandkids, and y’know… if this was Henry’s, I know I’d want to have it around.”
Miraculously, Dean understands exactly what he can’t seem to say, and he slides Castiel’s underwear down and away. His breath is hot against Castiel’s skin. His tongue soft when it flicks at the head of Castiel’s cock.
Dean hums, almost transfixed as he touches Castiel’s stomach, and only shifts away from the scar to touch the tattoo on his ribs.
The child and woman reunite, and the man walks away to join his waiting friends. Cas steps away from the window, letting the curtain fall back into place.
The flush that spreads over Dean’s cheeks and chest is beautiful, even if it is an absurd reaction considering what they spent the night doing together. Castiel just smiles at him.
“It’s recent,” Castiel nods, “but I don’t think they’re still here. We should stick to the original plan for now.”
They might have power for light, but the only heater in the house is a disconnected gas furnace in the living room upstairs.
!” Dean throws his arms out to the side and teeters back and forth a few times before managing to right himself on the slippery wood. He feels his cheeks burning. “Shut up.”
Years ago, in a similarly cramped storeroom in the Rexford Gas n Sip, Castiel had knelt on the floor to gather his things while Dean waited outside in the Impala, and wondered if perhaps one of them would be brave enough to ask for a single room at the motel they were headed toward.
“Deputy Hayley Kim,” she says, sticking out her hand for Jules and Paul to shake. “You the EPA agents?”
The motel room is quiet, save for the low hum of the mini fridge and the distant rumble of traffic on Route 281, and Castiel feels at peace for the first time in a long time.
say it, though he recalls slightly different verbiage—and Dean reaches across the seat to prod him in the side.
Castiel can’t help but smile. He lifts his palm to press against Dean’s chest. His heart thumps beneath Castiel’s palm.
“So it would seem,” Castiel agrees, casting a bemused look over at Dean. “I’m glad to meet you, Charlie. Dean’s told me a little about you.”
Though he’s worked hard at ignoring the truth of his feelings and the knowledge of what they mean for far longer than he cares to think of, he can’t do that anymore. Not now. Not with the words out in the open like this.
“Same here,” Charlie says. “Man, I can’t believe you’re here. So. What do you need? Fake ID, right? I can make you a--”
“Cas, I’m bringing stuff whether you like it or not. I can always google what was rationed, so you’re better off just telling me.”
Castiel can’t tell if it’s because of the man’s assumption that there’s nothing between them, or because he doesn’t know if or how he should correct him. He suspects it’s a little of both. Though Castiel isn’t exactly expecting anything when they get into the room—mostly he’s assuming that they’ll spend the next few hours trying to come up with some way to get through to Sam—he’s not naive enough to presume that Dean hasn’t been thinking about what they did the last time they were alone together, especially after their conversation at the diner.
Dean has no idea how he hasn’t come yet—it’s felt seconds away for what seems like hours—but when Cas presses his lips to the skin of his throat, stubble catching against stubble as he works his way along Dean’s jaw, he realizes he doesn’t care.
Dean loathes Skype with every fibre of his being, but he’s keen to see what Sam found. He grabs the jacket and heads back out into the kitchen, where he pulls out a chair at the table. Booting his laptop, he waiting a painful amount of time for the program to load.
“Is everything okay? Sam is…” her voice drops a little, like she doesn’t want to be overheard, and Castiel thinks she must be in the bunker. “I don’t know. He’s acting strange. When I asked him where you were, it was like pulling teeth trying to get information out of him.”
His eyes are pleading, his tone soft. Sam’s been strangely gentle with Rowena for a while now, and when he’s got the time to spare, Dean’s going to give that the analysis it deserves. For now, though—
sorry about this, Cas. I really… I'm sorry things aren't different. I am. But it’s gonna be a lot easier on you if you just try to move on. Don't put this on Dean, okay? For all of our sakes.”
Today they were in Castiel's house. They laid on his bed, rather Dean was more on him than on his bed.
"I know, you're taking mine." Cas said and Dean didn't answer. He looked down at his phone again, hoping something would change but it didn't. Suddenly Dean felt Cas' hand on his shoulder again and he looked up. "Text me, okay?"
When the ambulance came, they took Dean with them. John went with him. Castiel stayed with Sam, mostly because John asked him to. Sam was still just sitting in his room. Cas had dropped on the couch and if he hadn't been so fucking shocked, he would have cried at that moment.
His heart started racing and his eyes picked out a spot to look at. Strangely, that was Cas. Dean just looked at him, only to realize that Cas was already looking at him with a concerned frown.
"I was in the hospital tonight." Dean confessed and Cas' eyes shot up faster than he thought. At that moment, Dean didn't know if he should regret it right then and there. It didn't matter, now his opposite knew it anyway.
"How are you?" Cas asked at some point and looked over at Sam. His mom was dead too and he was just focused on Dean. Perhaps that was his method of repressing it. By not admitting that he was feeling like shit too.
"I know, Cas." Dean tried to laugh and actually managed to reasonably, because Cas sounded so sweet when he was uncertain and excited. "It's alright, I trust you."
"I'm sorry." Dean apologized after a while. He was, he always is, but he also just wanted to break this horrible silence.
"You know dad isn't really mad when you steal his snacks." Dean said, but Sam silenced him with his hand.
As Dean was working through this chain of thought, he heard the door open. His head immediately turned in the direction of the door. It was good that their couch was right at the hallway.
The moment, just sitting in the kitchen in the morning, talking to someone and watching the person making pancakes reminded him of Kansas. Of his mother. Dean suppressed the thought, though it was almost impossible.
He wanted so fucking much and in that moment he was afraid he couldn't have it. He was scared that something would take it away from him or even worse. That he would take it away himself.
And then he thought of Cas. About the trip. Their first kiss. How they lie in his bed and cuddle. About moments where everything had felt right, as if everything in the universe was in its place. There were moments when Dean was okay. Mostly those were the moments when Cas stroked his hair, when Cas told him some stupid story from his life, when they kissed.
The later it got, the more nervous Dean became. The nervousness almost took over me as we walked upstairs to his room.
They both spent Christmas with their family. Cas' grandparents invited the Winchesters, but John refused. He wasn't ready for it and Dean knew that. Dean wasn't as well.
"Wait." He said curtly and drove a hand through his hair, let it rest there for a moment. His eyes were closed and he tried to get out of this mental state he was just in. His brain needed to function right now, it can't shut down.
Sam was furious and Dean understood it. He would feel the same way, he would also want Sam to come to him. But he was the big brother and he couldn't stand how their roles got twisted anyway. He didn't want to make it worse. Sam shouldn't know everything, he shouldn't know anything.
"I'll think about it, okay?" Dean tried to smooth everything down. They both probably knew that Dean wouldn't even think about it for a second. Nevertheless, John nodded in agreement.
Dean didn't want to look at him. It's hard to tell anything emotional or stressful when you have to look someone in the eye. That's why he looked away, hoping Cas wouldn't change it.
"I don't know." Dean said almost desperately and stood up. He wanted to get away, couldn't stand this conversation, this situation. But his father grabbed his shoulder. Not rough, but firmly.
He saw the time passing and just waited for Cas to come through the door. Maybe he didn't want to see me Dean all, for which he had complete understanding. He was a horrible boyfriend. A horrible son. Horrible brother. Person.
Dean didn't even realized that he had shut his eyes. Slowely he opened both eyes and looked directly into Castiel's. Dean couldn't say a word, absolutely nothing. All he could think of was
"It's not just alcohol poisoning." Dean said finally and John looked up. "If it would be just that, you wouldn't hold yourself back. So what is it?" Dean asked, looking at him challenging , which made his father swallow hard. "What did he take?"
He wanted to cry. A voice in his head, the saddest of all, kept repeating that he just wanted to go home.
Cas looked at Dean a bit surprised, head tilting to the side. He frowned a litte, eyes wandering until he began to smile softly.
For a while, they just sat there and smoked a cigarette together. Dean offered him one, but Cas didn't want it. He said if he smoked a whole on his own, that would be too extreme. Dean just laughed about it, but he got him.
Ever since Sam was little, he was always stealing John's snacks. When he was younger, of course, it wasn't okay, because he stuffed himself with unnecessary sugar.
"Yeah, I know." Dean assured him. "I just want to- I don't know. No matter what this is, I kind of want it to be just us, you know? Does that sound stupid?"
At some point he heard a door open and opened his eyes again slowly. A young woman entered the room and slowly he realized where he was.
A few days after Dean was released from the hospital, he got an appointment with a therapist and decided to go alone. The wait was a little longer, but he had promised Cas. John was happy when he heard it.
And even if he tried, it would never be enough and Dean knew that. The question is, is that important? Or was Dean just selfish right now?
"I'm sorry." He said that about a hundred times and still it wasn't enough. Because what the fuck? What kind of son was he? A son that drank, smoked, took drugs, almost hits his own father. A son who was psychologically completely fucked up and couldn't control his behavior properly. His dad kept telling him it was okay, but fuck him, it wasn't okay.
Sam went to school after only two days at home. He also started to meet with his classmates again. At lunch, Dean looked over at Sam a few times and saw him talking to the blonde girl. She still smiled at him the same way she did a week ago. Sam was still staring at her just as stupidly.  Sam had even brought her home once when John was still at work. Dean hadn't said anything.
His legs carried him through his room, from end to end. He didn't remember when he got up. Dean clenched his hands in his hair and pulled at them. It felt like his whole body was shaking. His first intuition was to climb out the window and smoke, but he wouldn't be able to do that.
How the desire had come, as his thoughts grew louder and louder. Dean knew what was happening and yet he hadn't said a word. He wouldn't.
"Don't lie to me." he said quietly and turned around. He sounded a bit annoyed and somehow Dean could understand it. But he didn't want that. Not now. Never. Everyone could be against him, but not him, not Sam. Dean didn't move and didn't have the motivation to argue because he would lose anyway.
"You have to stop." he said quietly and only now Dean realized how desperate he was. If it wouldn't be in the middle of the night, if Dean wouldn't be so fucking tired and sad Dean would have screamed at him, the way he always did. But now, at that moment, after realizing how fucking sick he was, Dean realized that his little brother was right.
"It's okay, Dean. It's okay, you're okay." Sam said and Dean was trying hard not to cry again. He was sure that Sam was already crying a little, so he tried to hold himself together.
"Bullshit." Cas rolled his eyes, getting mad, and that was the last reaction Dean expected from Cas. It made him turn around in surprise and he frowned. Cas looked at Dean as if he was expecting a response or that Dean would start a discussion but he was just too stunned for that.
With the steady roar of the engines filling his head, Castiel pushes the anxious feeling down. He chances another glance at the endless smoke below, and finds himself remembering the fire-and-brimstone scripture of his childhood. The Book of Revelation, he recalls, spoke of War riding a red horse. After spending the past year in the thick of it, Castiel has added this idea to the list of things his family’s church got terribly wrong.
His voice cracks a little on his brother’s name, and Dean sits up to shift closer to him, bumping their shoulders together. Castiel leans into the touch and takes a breath.
“Seems, uh… I dunno. Counterproductive. I just need to get used to not being attached to anyone’s hip.”
Castiel ignores him, deliberately suppressing his body’s near-instantaneous attempt to flush as he continues, “—not to mention actually procreating. But demons and deities aren’t beholden to any such dogma.”
“Being by your side used to be as simple as a thought, but now… hours of driving, at least. Sometimes days. It’s… a downgrade, as you’d say. I should have flown to you more when I was still able.”
, than giving her the space to know him for herself. It certainly didn’t give her the chance to say anything in return.
She touches his cheek with her palm, and he smiles, grateful, before turning to leave. He’s a dozen feet away when she calls out.
Squeezing his eyes shut, Dean presses the heels of his palms against them until he sees stars. It doesn’t help. He can’t stop seeing it. Seeing
Jack is staring at them from across the room, hands tense on the back of the chair in the middle of the Devil’s trap, and Dean can’t meet his eyes. Can’t let himself see him crying. He just heads for the door, walking as fast as his body will let him, desperate to get out, to catch his breath, to
The twenty-seven minutes it takes to drive from Red Cloud back to the Bunker are among the most nerve wracking Castiel has ever experienced. Following the Impala in his truck, his mind spirals around a thousand different scenarios, each ending more horribly than the last.
He feels sick. Like there’s something toxic rolling in his chest, clawing in the pit of his gut, slowly killing him.
“I heard back from a couple others, too.” Sam pulls his cell back out of his pocket and scrolls back through his messages. “Stevie, from that wraith case in Woodbridge, and her buddy Cal. And one of Garth’s contacts—the Canadian one? Bill? They won’t get here until tomorrow, though.”
Sam calls him, but he’s distracted, and he ends the call without really saying anything at all. Crouching behind a headstone at the edge of Hell, Dean stares down at the crumbling earth and tries to keep it together.
Dean frowns at the apparent non-sequitur before he shakes his head, and Castiel explains. “Not all prayers are the same. There’s the formal kind—prayers that begin with a name and end with an amen, or at least the impression of one. You’ve directed a lot of those to me over the years.”
“No,” he captures his mouth once more before shuffling back and pushing at Dean’s thighs to make room for himself between them. “I’m just going to suck your cock.”
“You’re drunk,” Cas reminds him. “By your own admission. Which means you’re probably twice as drunk as someone else saying that.”
“That night at the motel, I almost...” Dean trails off, pushing at Castiel’s open shirt until it slides down his arms.
Sam’s teacher is waiting to greet him in the lobby, and it’s nothing short of bizarre to see him in this context. Mr Wyatt’s AP English class was the last that Dean had been present in before he was taken, and Castiel still remembers the stricken look on the teacher’s face when he’d had to skip over Dean’s name during roll call in the weeks that followed.
“Glad you’ve learned a thing or two since that time in Maine,” Dean replies with a smirk, then drops his voice to a lower register as if impersonating Castiel. “
It all feels too easy. Too normal. Somewhere, deep down, Castiel feels himself relaxing into the familiarity of their old, comfortable patterns, even as another part of him feels as though it’s coiling into a tight, dangerous spring, waiting for everything to come crashing back down. He ignores it, and smiles, and pulls one of the bulky chairs closer to the bed so that he can stay in reach while he sits down.
“They are. They’ve been good for Sam, too. Did they tell you I’m driving out to Kansas City to get him and Jo tomorrow morning?”
Instead, he just feels guilty. Because Mary was an artist, and the kind of mom that other kids all wished they had—a little reckless, a little wild, more like an older sister than a parent—and Sam was a prodigy, a twelve-year-old genius who excelled at everything he set his mind to.
. But the words tangle on his tongue, lodge in his throat like they physically can’t get past the solid lump that’s grown there, so he shakes his head. It’s a stiff jerk of a motion that makes something twinge in his neck, like his body itself is protesting the admission that he failed to keep Cas safe. Jack says something, lets out an anguished noise that makes Dean wish he’d been taken too. In his chest, his heart seizes as though Billie is crushing it all over again, and at once he’s spiralling again, pulse hitching and racing in a fractured rhythm. His hands prickle; his eyes unfocus. Darkness creeps at the edges of his vision, narrowing everything down to a single point until he feels like he’s falling down an endless well, staring up at the light as it gets further and further out of reach.
Despite the fact that he considers Sam his brother and one of the best friends he’s ever known, Castiel has always found him a little harder to get a read on than Dean. Under normal circumstances, it’s not a problem, but in this moment, Castiel has no idea how to talk to him. How to look at him. How to exist in his orbit.
Apologies for the long break between updates--the "during" chapters are from Dean's POV, and due to the awful situation he's in, they are proving quite difficult to wrangle. Next up, we're back to the present day. Should be up a lot sooner than this one!
A throat being cleared at the door cuts him off, and Castiel pulls his hand back, inches from touching Dean’s unbandaged forearm. The nurse is back.
For a moment, they stay like that. Quiet and petrified, eking out what small comfort they can from one another until they both exhale, and Dean stands.
The spell is complicated, the list of ingredients long, and as a result, they’re faced with several hours of downtime during which there’s nothing to do but wait and avoid a barrage of increasingly impatient questions from local law enforcement.
Back at the bunker, Sam slams the door when he gets out of the Impala. He makes a beeline for the bathroom, already unbuttoning the blood-stained flannel before he’s made it all the way out of the garage. Dean won’t be surprised if he never sees him in that shirt again.
Before he knows it, Castiel is on his eleventh cup of coffee and his fourth plate of dessert, ordered purely because a waitress had politely informed him after three hours of nothing but refills that he’d need to order something to eat or vacate the seat for another customer. She’d seemed uncomfortable bringing it up, particularly considering that there were no less than eight unoccupied booths available at the time, but as a being who has been subjected to the compulsory enforcement of arbitrary rules by both a minimum-wage employer and the echelons of Heaven itself, he’d seen no point in arguing.
“Let me,” he says again, and rolls them over, shifting to his side so he’s lying behind Dean. When Dean feels him slide into the tight space between his thighs, rocking slowly back and forth, he can’t help his sigh.
“I’ll call Mr Wyatt for you,” Ellen tells him. It takes Castiel a moment to understand what she’s talking about — the teacher supervising Sam and Jo’s team at the Academic Decathlon.
“There’s no record of him after ‘48, remember? He just up and--” Dean blinks as he feels all the blood rush to his head. “Oh, crap.”
The seconds he remembers are the ones he wishes he didn’t. He forcibly stops himself from thinking of any of it, and instead looks outside, hoping to see something that will give him some idea of how he can convince John to pull over. To get help. To stop.
it is. How much he likes the thought of Dean taking pleasure in the anticipation of his touch. In Dean’s hand, against his lip, Castiel’s cock twitches. It doesn’t go unnoticed.
Squirming a little with the compliment, Dean tightens his grip on the steering wheel and stares hard at the road ahead. Castiel tilts his head.
Dean’s leaning against the wall by the bunker’s door when Cas drives up, and the sight is the closest thing Cas has ever known to home. He feels his hands tighten around the steering wheel as he pulls over.
action. If he can show Dean that he’s got nothing to fear, that he’s truly not alone in his desires, then maybe he’ll relax.
Looking up, he sees Dean approaching, shaking his head at his phone before he slips it back into his pocket.
They dance anyway, a swaying shuffle, and Castiel’s heart pounds hard as they shift closer together. When he’s finally pressed to Dean from hip to chest, the thin stubble of his jaw catching against the same on Dean’s cheek, he takes a long, deep breath and releases it, squeezing Dean’s hand in his own.
“I know it doesn’t make sense,” Dean goes on. “He’s— I mean, he wasn’t actually— But, you really look like him.”
“Wait—” Sam lifts a hand, still working on an idea but evidently needing quiet while he checks it over for feasibility. It only takes a few seconds before he’s nodding to himself. “Back when we were dealing with Amara—you made a bomb.”
The warm, peaceful dark he’s been dwelling in for some unknown amount of time slips away in an instant, replaced by the blinding flare of oncoming headlights and a fear so all-encompassing that it’s like a physical touch on the back of his neck, something vile pressing against his teeth. The car thuds over another dip in the road. He flinches, and the motion sets off the pain again. It runs like a current through his left wrist and down into his fingertips, forking off at every misaligned joint. The skin is numb. He feels the jarring tremor in his bones anyway.
“Maybe if you complete the circle now,” Dean begins, and Castiel looks up at him sharply. “It’ll undo all of this. Take you to your, uh... to whoever it is you’re missing.”
“Well, let’s start with the time you told me that you weren’t going to let me die a virgin, and go from there,” Castiel says, his mouth lifting into a one-sided smirk.
Dean doesn’t answer right away, and when Castiel looks at him he looks confused. Castiel gestures toward himself.
Extra thanks to everyone on Twitter who offered help remembering a movie scene with a bugged apartment and some spy-style note writing! I ended up referring to the scene from Captain America: The Winter Soldier, though I still haven't figured out which old movie it was that I'd originally been thinking of. Sidenote: I wanted to have Dean say, "Well, thank you to America’s Ass” when Cas told him where he'd copied the move from, but unfortunately, despite Dean Winchester always having his finger firmly on the pulse of the pop-cultural zeitgeist, his lack of precognitive ability means that he cannot reasonably make that reference for another two years in the world of this fic. Oh well.
“I thought it might be easier to track Kelly if we were a little more spread out,” he lies, hoping that it will be enough to stop him asking for more details.
“This is a terrible idea,” he says, the words so quiet that Castiel can almost pretend he didn’t hear them. He’s tempted to do just that. Instead he sighs.
“We live through this. Lose great friend, family. We will not lose our home,” Bartłomiej says firmly.
Benny is already outside, leaning against the wall, and struggling with a stubborn lighter. He glances over when he hears them coming, and gives up, slipping the unlit cigarette behind his ear and the lighter back into his pocket.
Sam doesn’t reply, but Castiel can see him thinking. A crease forms in his brow as he gnaws insistently at the inside of his cheek. Castiel refrains from continuing until Sam has had time to process.
“Same,” Dean says, and flashes a him a grin when they reach the door. He holds it open, letting Castiel step out ahead of him into the freezing night air.
Castiel has always been the faster of the two, and he reaches the house first, yanking open the door just in time to see John Winchester pushing Mary to the floor, his elbow pulling back with the same motion. There’s a knife in his hand. Blood on Mary’s nightgown. Castiel doesn’t understand what he’s seeing.
With a weak smile, Dean leans forward and kisses him, quick and gentle. It’s enough to bolster them both.
He’s still trying to catch his breath when the roar of an approaching engine sends him staggering into hiding behind the nearest tree, but it doesn’t take long for him to realize it’s just John. He’s in a different car, now—a dusty Ford pickup—and he doesn’t shut off the engine. Just rolls down the window and yells for Dean to get in the car.
“Fasten your seatbelt,” John says, and despite the blood, despite the manic look on his face, his voice sounds entirely level. Entirely calm. If Dean closed his eyes, John’s voice might be able to convince him that this is just a normal night. That they’re on their way to Sam’s lacrosse game, or heading over to Ellen’s place for a BBQ. “I think I shook them, but I can’t be sure.”
Camping cots and folding chairs fill the open space, and a handful of people are preparing a mountain of sandwiches and what smells like  instant mac and cheese in the kitchen. Trying to look more like the seasoned professional he’s undercover as, and less as though he’s moments away from completely losing his mind, Dean glances around until he finds his brother, talking on his phone over by the window. Sam looks up as though he can sense his gaze, and Dean heads over to meet him, leaving Belphegor to his own devices by a tall stack of sandwiches.
With their hands together, spit-slick and wrapped around the two of them, the sensation is somehow more than the sum of its parts. Castiel doesn’t only feel skin against skin against skin, or the wet slip-slide of their combined arousal, or the static of air between them, or even electrons bouncing away from one another. He feels something more, something deeper, something in a dimension that he cannot place.
He ditches her when she gets a call from one of her spell-related suppliers, and regrets it almost immediately when Cas comes to find him killing time in the school coach’s office.
“Okay, I guess just try to keep up. The first time I met him was September 21st, 1945. Two weeks passed. Saw him again. Close to a year passed. Time after that… that was the same day, but the next one was seven months. Then ten months. Then a couple of days. What year are you getting?”
John stands guard for an hour, and Dean feigns sleep until finally, John seems to decide that there’s no imminent threat. He listens as he settles onto the floor nearby, waiting for his breathing to even out. As soon as it does, Dean carefully pushes to his feet. His wrist protests with the movement, but he grits his teeth against the pain and moves toward the door.
“You were thinking very pointedly in my direction, and I suspect that our physical connection made the prayer stronger.”
Dean looks like a drowned rat with his hair soaked and plastered flat on his head, but his skin is warm in the cold water, and he’s grinning like a fool, and Castiel hates how much he loves him.
The drizzle that comes to prove him wrong a few minutes later isn’t enough to send them into the tent, but it does delay their plans to start on dinner for a while. To Castiel’s combined pleasure and dismay, Dean grabs his guitar from the truck and settles in to play in the shelter of one of the bur oaks at the edge of their clearing.
When he passes a couple in the bakery section, two men walking together, one with his hand resting on the other’s lower back, he thinks he could
“I waited six centuries to tell Ophaniel the truth, and I’ve regretted all that wasted time since the day he left. It’s far better to know. Don’t be as foolish as I was.”
In the center of the courtyard, Cas leans heavily against a weathered oak with his arms crossed, studiously averting his gaze from the place behind Dean where Belphegor is standing.
“Their dreams that night feed us. It has been many years since I or any of my children here with the tree have had the need to hunt for our food. But we have been weakened as the tree has been weakened. We cannot help it in this state, and it cannot help us.”
“It’s strange to talk about this candidly,” he admits, turning an album in his hands and inspecting the cover. “Did you know?”
“Yeah, I guess not. Could’ve been worse, though. At least you weren’t on the can,” Dean says, then scrunches up his nose as he appears to realize that he’s led them into even less comfortable territory. “Uh. Anyway.”
“Wait,” Castiel says, pulling him back, and Dean goes willingly, clutching his arm as Castiel kisses him deeply, one hand curled into the hair at his nape. He pulls back, just slightly, to speak. “Just... can you wait a moment?”
Thunder crashes again, right on top of the empty farmhouse now, and the rain pours heavier than ever. The tremors get worse. He grits his teeth and stands, unsteady on his feet as he crosses the room to grab a blanket. If he can just warm up a little, he might be able to think more clearly.
“Seriously? Dude, you and Cas are a mess just as friends. But together? God, that would be a trainwreck. I can’t think of a worse couple, and I dated Ruby.”
The bright sky makes Dean’s eyes water; the bitter cold makes his breath sting in his lungs. He wants to get out of here.
Castiel, feeling altogether out of sorts after what he’s fairly certain was the latest-in-life sexual awakening that anyone has ever experienced in the history of consciousness, has no earthly clue. The bunker, while only a short twenty minute drive away, would force them to either separate or risk another confrontation with Sam while they’re both too mentally exhausted to navigate their way to a solution. He’s not sure that going home is a viable option.
as Castiel understands it, means paranoid and angry; an often frightening facsimile of the man that John Winchester had been before. It’s not good news, but at least it isn’t
The theater is mostly empty, and they head straight for the back row, where Dean kicks his feet up onto the seat in front and pulls a half-full box of Red Vines from the deep pocket of his jacket. He holds the box out to Castiel and shakes it in offer.
With his skin crawling and his chest aching, Dean turns onto his side and tries to keep himself from listening for the approach of Cas’ footsteps coming up the hall. He honestly doesn’t know whether the sick squirm in his stomach is hope or dread.
Because he can’t shake the all-encompassing fear that, at best, they’re in a choose your own adventure. One of those
“Maybe,” he admits. “But if we stick to interviewing civilians and avoid actually running into any feds or local cops, we should be fine. And really… I’m not sure what else we can do. This guy Parker has already spoken to an agent—“
As brief as it is, and as little information as it holds, the video is the first solid proof they’ve seen in two months that Kelly is even still alive. The woman she’s with never faces the camera, but it’s clear from Kelly’s body language and the tight grip the woman maintains on her arm that she’s not a friend.
“Maybe we could start with a goldfish,” she’d said, and Ben had flopped dramatically onto the couch with a groan that made her laugh, bright and bubbly.
By the map table, Sam pauses, resting his fingertips atop an empty section of the Pacific. Jack keeps walking, heading down the hallway towards his room, and Sam’s eyes follow him for a moment before he pulls out a chair and sits.
No, he tells himself firmly. That first letter Castiel wrote is proof enough that he wanted to be with Dean. The way Castiel looked at him when they kissed, when they slept together the night before he left. There’s no way that Castiel left because he didn’t want to stay.
The strangest feeling comes over Castiel, then—something restless, anticipatory but terrified, and he can’t quite tell where Dean’s nerves end and his own begin, because this is it. Not for the first time, he wishes he could suppress his angelic abilities to a far greater degree than he is able. He should not be listening to this. He doesn’t know if he can listen to this. Not without wanting to be there at Dean’s side, where he belongs.
Moving slowly to avoid the possibility of straining his stomach, which has resumed hurting constantly now that his attention has been drawn back to it, Castiel shifts to sit on the edge of the bed, planting his feet firmly on the floor. It takes Dean a while to return with the things he needs, and when he does he seems to debate with himself of the best angle to approach this from. Finally, he kneels by Castiel’s legs, tossing bandages onto the mattress beside him.
In the passenger seat, Dean clenches his fists against his thighs and ignores the now-familiar shooting pain that runs through his wrist with the motion. It aches with the cold.
“You gonna come in me, sweetheart?” Dean asks, and Cas grips him harder at the question, fingers pressing into his skin hard enough to bruise. “Do it. I want you to. Wanna feel you.”
He wonders, not for the first time, how hard it would really be to run for help now that John seems to be avoiding the weather. How far he could get before his legs gave out. But thunder shakes the roof above him. Rattles the windowpane as the rain grows heavier, wind throwing it hard against the glass where it runs in rivulets.
“Mm,” Dean hums. He sweeps one hand a little lower, thumb tracing the waistband of Castiel’s pants. The muscles of Castiel’s stomach and thighs twitch as he feels his arousal shift into high gear, heat pooling in his groin. He shifts, restless.
“To my knowledge, Asmodeus prefers to take a male form, so I think we can safely assume that it’s Dagon that we’re dealing with. Though that doesn’t exactly help us—the princes are powerful, and tracking spells won’t work on them. We
“Yeah, I kinda don’t feel like heading back just yet anyway,” Dean admits, and looks back out the window. Castiel follows his gaze, and his eyes settle on the building across the street. It’s one of Red Cloud’s two motels—a dingy little place that seems mostly occupied by truckers taking the opportunity to sleep in a full-sized bed before they get back on the road, if its parking lot is anything to go by. It’s likely less comfortable than most of the places the Winchesters have stayed in over the years, but it would afford them the privacy needed to talk, so Castiel thinks it would do just fine.
be a hell of a lot easier if neither of us wanted anything more here. But easier doesn’t mean better, Cas. If I wanted easy, I would’ve kept my mouth shut last night. I’m tired of easy.”
“I love him, Sam. And if our conversation tomorrow goes the way I’m hoping it will, I’m sure we’d both appreciate your support.”
But he can’t ask. Can’t make this about himself. He lost Cas and he’s going to be mourning him for the rest of his life, but Jack did too. Dean refuses to be like his own father here. Won’t try to bear this pain like it's his alone.
"I called an emergency as if there was some hope. Even I knew there wasn't any hope left. Then the ambulance came, then the police, then the hearse."
"He took an overdose." he whispered to himself. His gaze wandered to the floor, as if there were any answer. Like maybe the tiles could explain to him what the fucking hell  was going on.
Actually, Dean really wanted to throw himself out of the window right now. He was too tired, but he knew that this conversation, whatever it was, would take place and he really didn't want to.
"I don't understand it myself!" He honestly said, maybe a little too loud. "The more I think about it, the less I understand it."
Cas remembered sitting on his grandma's sofa covered in blood. She just held him in her arms, while the shock slowly faded away and he started to cry. He thought I would die right there and he was so scared. Til this day, he doesn't know what he was so afraid of.
They walked up the small hill and it seemed to Dean that he was only now aware of the surroundings. The sky was blue, no clouds. The trees were mostly green, but they were already turning red and orange slowly. They were dying.
"Dean?" Sam tried again and Dean looked at him. "I love you and the thought that you could exaggerate makes me sick. Even if it would be an accident, it wouldn't matter then. And I- I can't survive this. I can survive a lot of things, but not this. Not you."
Slowly Dean raised his head and realized for a second how tired he actually was. His head was heavy and his eyes were burning. Dean wanted to curl up on the spot and fall asleep. Sam would have made sure that he didn't roll off the roof.
"Isn't it cold out there?" They suddenly heard a voice behind them. John handed them two glasses of sparkling wine, and both of them were equally confuse, but they drank it anway.
"Hey." he murmured as he leaned his head back to look at the ceiling. After a while his gaze found Dean's. "Missed you."
He didn't remember how he got in the car. Whether his father had helped him or he had dragged himself there all by himself. Dean remembered coming out of the room and John talking to a doctor, but he didn't know what about. It was as if his brain had blocked it all out.
It’s hard to tell in the firelight, but Castiel thinks that Dean might almost be more red in the face than he is himself. His heart is racing, set off by Dean’s accidental implication even though Castiel knew immediately that it wasn’t what he meant.
Dean hears him coming and ducks out of sight before he can be seen. It’s beyond childish, but he can’t face his brother right now.
He sees everything they’ve been in the decade since they met. Everything they’ve fought for together, and fought against for one another, and he knows that they were both fools to think that giving in to this could ever break them. That giving in to the want they’ve both felt for so long would ever do anything but make them stronger. Better. More.
“Y’know, as far as time machines go, this jacket is proving to be kind of a pain in the ass. Your Polish friend couldn’t’ve magicked up a time-travelling t-shirt? You think it’d still work if I unpicked the sleeves?”
This is more or less the question he was expecting first, so Castiel nods, the motion making his chin dip underwater.
Dean’s muffled voice leeches out through the narrow gap around the hinges. Castiel freezes in place like a thief in a pantomime.
As last time, a haze of smoke fills the dimly lit room. It filters the light, giving everything a dreamlike quality that only serves to remind Dean how fleeting this night is. When Castiel drops onto the bench opposite him and slides over Dean’s drink, Dean stretches a leg out to rest their feet side by side. He wishes he could take Castiel’s hand. He hates that he can’t. It’s his own fault that he can’t.
At some point, Castiel is going to have to let Dean know that the only reason he doesn’t have heart disease is because he’s been quietly maintaining his arterial health whenever he’s healed an injury for the past decade.
If one is true, then the other can’t be. By the time Sam picks up, Dean’s managed to push away most of the guilt.
“The first time was years ago. The raising of Samhain,” he explains, surprising even himself with the revelation. “I told you then that I had been praying for you to save the town… but I didn’t realize at the time that it wasn’t God that I was praying to.”
Even if Castiel couldn’t hear Sam’s side of the conversation, he’d be able to tell how tense it is. There’s none of the brothers usual ribbing, nothing friendly, nothing familiar. Just the dry exchange of
He holds out the cup and the paper bag in his hand, and Charlie leans a little closer before she takes them.
As he sees it, though, he’s just survived falling from the sky: it would be a waste of his good fortune if he were to go and break his neck leaping from the tree that caught him.
“Jesus,” he says eventually, and pushes himself up, pulling Castiel until they’re side by side at the head of the bed. His eyes are bright. He’s smiling like he can’t believe his luck. “No, you didn’t hurt me.”
The tape he made for Cas was different. He knew Cas liked the songs, and he loved them himself, but it wasn’t even about the songs so much as about what each song said. What each song meant. Every track was another line of his confession. Every note was another reason why he’d decided to take this risk.
“It’s stupid, but... dammit he’s… I know it was only a couple of weeks, but I-- he was it for me, Charlie.”
“No. Cas checked it over a few minutes ago. It’s the same as before.” Sam pauses, chewing on the inside of his lip for a moment before he seems to make up his mind about something. “He couldn’t heal it.”
Dean blinks at the message for almost a full minute before he groans and thumps his head back against the side of the couch. He spent hours with Castiel, and he never once asked about Daniel.
Cas blinks once, slow and blissed out, and smiles so bright that Dean feels it spreading over him like sunlight.
makes it sound like the kind of work that people avoid at all costs, like shifting a boulder that’s far too heavy and more trouble than it’s worth. Castiel can’t help but bristle at the thought that what he feels for Dean could be anything but good.
Castiel sleeps on the floor that night, draped in a loveworn quilt, and in the morning before he leaves, Agata hands him his jacket.
These days, the first page is held in place by several strips of yellowed tape, each layer added when the previous one started to come loose. In the back, there’s an empty pocket where a library borrowing card used to go.
Unsteady, Dean goes to him, shuffling on his knees. He straddles Cas’ thighs when Cas tugs him close, clings tightly to his shoulders like he might float away if he doesn’t.
“No,” Castiel says, and rocks his hips, pressing as hard against Dean as his body will allow. “It’s not. But we can pretend for a while.”
They’ve already been doing this for a couple of minutes, Castiel dropping increasingly obvious hints and meaningfully swinging the keys to his truck around his index finger, but Dean just doesn’t seem to get it.
The plane lurches violently as Castiel struggles to keep it airborne. He can’t hear a damned thing over the roar of wind undercut by the insistent crack of cannon fire, but he can sense his men scrambling away from the hole in the fuselage. He pulls hard on the yoke as the plane dips lower.
It takes him the better part of an hour to board over the hole and fix the plastic sheet on top of it, and by the time he’s done he’s sweating through his shirt. The fabric sticks to his skin, pulling painfully at the scabs on his arm, and he shifts from too hot to freezing cold the moment he stops working and descends the ladder.
Castiel wants to catch Dean. Wants to drag him back to the bunker and keep him there until they can cure him of his demonhood and the curse on his arm that seems determined to steer him back into it. He wants to clutch him by the arms and shake him until some semblance of Dean’s soul makes itself known. Wants to see him, hear him, touch him. Wants him in all the ways he’s had him before--as a friend, a confidant, a brother in arms--and in all the ways he’s craved but been too afraid to ask for.
“So it’s not beyond help.” He looks at her; takes in the sagacious glint in her eyes. “But you already know that.”
“You said you needed rest,” he says, and shakes his head at himself. “Shit. And here I am trying to—“
“Me too,” Sam says, sounding wistful, and Dean wishes he could see the goofy-ass look that he’s sure Sam has on his face right now. “Anyway. We’re heading out in like, five minutes. So... did you need anything?”
He wanders into the kitchen just for something to do, needing to occupy himself while he thinks on everything Dean has told him, and is just closing the fridge when he hears the creak of the bathroom door.
When Dean’s alarm blares at eight o’clock, his eyelids feel like sandpaper. It’s tempting to call Charlie and ask her to reschedule, but the costumes she’s coming to organize will likely keep him busy for the next week, and as soon as he’s done with those he’s got three different bridal parties scheduled to come in.
The man is humming tunelessly as he cooks, and he nods to the music playing from a record player by the wall. Jazz. Sounds like Charlie Parker. Dean just listened to this song with Charlie.
With a sigh of relief, Castiel looks back at him, apparently satisfied that nobody overheard. His tongue darts out over his lower lip. Dean can’t help but track the motion, and it doesn’t go unnoticed by Castiel. When he meets his eyes again there’s a hopeful kind of look in them. Something dark and anticipatory.
Sam glances over at him, one hand already on the seatbelt release while the other is on the door handle.
“Three-ish in the afternoon. Couldn’t focus at work, so I closed up early. Will anywhere still be open?”
Castiel’s heart swells at the knowledge that his absence has been noticed, even as a little voice in the back of his mind whispers—
So is the fact that he’s been standing here for almost twenty minutes. It might be childish, but Castiel has been letting him stew. He’d only been back in his room for an hour when he’d heard Sam’s door creak open, and since then, he’s been laying back and playing out dozens of variations of the argument they’d had in the car. Half of the fantasies had led to him saying something so profoundly convincing that Sam changed his mind and apologised for his initial reaction. The other half involved him telling Sam, in increasingly colourful ways, to go fuck himself.
“What you said back there,” he starts, hands shifting restlessly on the steering wheel as his eyes flick to the side. “You know we all love you too, right?”
“Well, what about this?” Dean says, pulling the front of the jacket forward and gesturing toward the stitched red circle. “It’s the only weird thing about it. I’m guessing there’s a story there, at least.”
Dean gives him a look, and Castiel blanches when he realizes why. He seriously considers just letting himself sink to the bottom of the lake.
But the vacation was over too soon. Dean and Sam went home to Kansas with their parents, and before he knew it, Dean was fifteen and working after school at his father’s auto shop.
The drive back to the apartment takes twenty minutes, and Castiel spends most of it gazing out the window with a restless feeling in the pit of his stomach. It’s almost five in the afternoon, and though Dean offered to drive him up to Sycamore now, Castiel told him they should wait until the morning. If they left now, it would be early evening by the time they arrived, and he doesn’t want to spring such a shock on an old woman when she’d likely be preparing for bed.
“Um. Castiel. That name’s a mouthful,” Dean says, grimacing at the weak cover, though it’s not as though Sam’s going to guess the truth.
Under his hands, he feels the muscles of Cas’ back flexing, and it’s not until he slides his palms around to rest on the slight curve of his pecs that he realizes he’s moved without asking. Cas doesn’t seem to have noticed, or if he has, he’s not complaining. Still, Dean doesn’t want to push his luck. He pulls his hands back over his head and grasps his own wrists.
Thank you so much for reading & for being patient while I’ve updated this at such a glacial pace. I’m at that horrible stage in my writing where my taste is exceeding my ability, and every word I put on the page feels like less than I am capable of. I really appreciate everyone who’s sticking with me, and who has contributed to my much-needed serotonin by leaving a comment :’D They really do fuel me, so I can’t thank you enough for letting me know what you think.
Castiel raises his brow, challenging, and Dean purses his lips in an attempt not to laugh. He fails, and shakes his head.
Castiel misses their close physical contact almost immediately, and Dean must feel the same, because his hand shifts back to briefly squeeze Castiel’s wrist before letting go to thumb at the screen.
“Together,” he says, and moves to stand behind him, wrapping one arm around his waist as he touches Castiel’s wrist with the other, his chin resting on Castiel’s shoulder. He presses a light kiss to his neck. “Okay?”
- The sixth annual Dean/Cas Pinefest—of which I am the creator & co-mod—is now open for artist and author registration! More deets here: https://deancaspinefest.tumblr.com/post/657438617347702784
Castiel huffs, a humorless laugh that makes him feel more human than he has in years. “I won’t debate that.”
“I just got a little... dizzy,” he lies. “It’s entirely possible that I’m just tired, but I doubt I’ll be able to sleep until I’ve ruled a gas leak out. Would you mind?”
Among the crowd of cheerful souls, Cas senses a burst of panic and fear, but by the time he locates the source it’s been taken care of. He watches as a man with a lovely smile kneels to speak to the girl who’d been so frightened. Letting his human vision dim for a moment, Cas observes the scene as it happens in the ether. The girl’s soul, a soft shade of violet, is rolling like a stormcloud; the man’s is a warm shade of gold, and though it lacks the tinge of jade, the way it reaches out to comfort makes him think of Dean. It’s seconds before the man is standing again, turning on the spot with his neck craned, and then he’s waving a frantic young woman over.
He grazes his fingertips over the image before placing it carefully on the floor beside him, and reads.
(Or, a smaller, part of him wonders--did Cas secretly want this for the two of them, a family of their own? Did he inadvertently pass that longing to Jack, somehow?)
Scrolling through the playlists he has saved, Dean finally settles on one he made a couple of weeks ago, and In the Evening starts to play.
Cas does, and Dean feels it in every molecule of himself, like light that warms him from within. “C’mon, sweetheart,” he breathes against Cas’ mouth, winding his arms around Cas’ shoulders, pulling him in. “Want you closer. Please. Need you.”
Beside him, Castiel’s tense silence is sign enough that no matter the intended target, the fallout of his rage is all landing in the same place.
He’s got a point, and once they’ve climbed up the rocks and settled down, Dean works his boots off before pouring the water out. He spreads his wet socks out in a patch of sunshine before looking for the most shade he can find.
He’s ready to relate the entire bizarre story to Sam when it occurs to him that it’s the kind of thing would probably lead to Sam turning up on his doorstep and forcing him to get his head checked, and while Dean’s 100% willing to admit that he’s got some post-traumatic stress issues and a whole lot of recurring anxiety, he’s positive that this is not even in the same ballpark.
The world is too colorful, he thinks. That’s what’s really throwing him off. Logically, he knows that the only reason the past looks the way it does in old newspaper photographs is because of fading ink, but at this point logic isn’t ranking all that high in his head.
Dean’s head spins, and his heart--just barely back to normal after his desperate scramble up the ladder--begins to race.
“I’m not leaving. I… I already promised Sam that I wouldn’t leave the bunker again. But I don’t want to make things worse, so if you need space to think, I’ll give you all the space you need, and we can talk later.”
As the three djinn move around them, solemnly carrying their fallen siblings away to be prepared for burial, Ruqayya explains how they might restore the tree. Her explanation is long-winded, but when she finally gets down to it, Castiel is relieved by the relative simplicity of what is required.
Dean remembers single seconds as though they spanned entire days, each fragment rendered in his mind's eye with startling clarity. At the same time, he’s missing entire minutes. Maybe even hours.
“Anyway,” Castiel says after a while, when Dean’s swinging grows faster. “As much as I’d like to take a road trip with you, I don’t think my hypothetical move to Massachusetts is the best time for it. We’d need to take my car, and you’d end up having to fly back here after.”
Dean's father called the ambulance, told Sam to go to his room, which he simply did without another word.
At some point, they both just stretched out on the roof and stared into the sky. They both knew that this would become a routine. Maybe this could become their save place. A place they could be free to talk about everything and it would just stay here, with them. Just like the secret with John's snacks.
But Dean hadn't painted the room or changed anything else. He didn't even have curtains. He even made it difficult for himself to put his clothes in the closet.
Dean slowly remembered what happened a few hours ago and he could feel that his brain tried to forget it.
"Because she doesn't want a fagot as a son." Cas interrupted Dean and looked up to meet his eyes. It wasn't an outing, Cas knew that Dean knew it.
I'm so sorry it took me so long to upload again. Either I was fucking unmotivated or I was too motivated, but for other stories. Great, isn't it. But here it is now, I hoope you enjoy.
"We'll make it work somehow." He said instead and Dean looked up slowly. John looked tired, so Dean decided to agree. At least it didn't end in another fight. John ruffled Dean's hair, something he always did when Dean was still little. Then he got up and left the room.
Cas' dad wouldn't make it to Christmas. He had promised him that he would come to New Year's Eve, no matter what would happen. And he really wanted to get to know Dean, at least Cas had told him so with a sad smile.
He nodded to Dean to come outside, but he only shook his head. One step at a time. Not too much at once. Dean faked a short smile and went upstairs.
"Don't you want to come inside? Take a look at everything." John asked after he placed himself right next to Dean, looking at his son. His voice was calm, not demanding. Dean just shook his head and looked down, hoping everyone would leave him alone. John sighed.
They sat together at dinner and Dean couldn't stop staring at the empty seat where a fourth chair was supposed to be. Sam knew, but didn't say anything. Dean wasn't sure if John noticed, but he hoped that he didn't.
"It's just... you are so hurt yourself and I don't wanna make it worse. I don't want you to understand me. I don't want you to know what is going on in my head. You don't have to know it. What you know is bad enough."
Sam detached himself and grabbed a box from the trunk, after which he disappeared back into the house. He said nothing to Dean, neither expecting anything.
Sam looked at Dean with a frown, probably not really believing him. He saw Dean talking to someone, but maybe it wasn't that important. It didn't matter to Dean. At least that's what he told himself.
"Does he know?" Sam asked. Dean immediately knew what he meant and closed his eyes. It hurt Dean, every little mention hurt. Every thought of it hurt. But this question was inevitable. The topic would be inevitable. Dean shook his head.
Dean thought that he could never give Cas back the happiness he gave him. And often when Dean thought about it, he was sorry. When Dean was with him and saw that he was smiling and they were fooling around together, he wasn't as aware of it as when he was alone in his room, while everything was quite around me.
"Where have you been?" Dean heard Sam ask and closed his eyes. His voice didn't sound like he had just woken up. He knew, he fucking knew and Dean wanted to run.
, Cas had said a few weeks ago. Dean drove past it and stopped abruptly. He got off the bike and rang the bell.
Before it got worse, before he got lost in all the thought and pain, Dean found himself in the bathroom. With blood on his arms and hands. With paper towels that were full of red spots. Surrounded by complete silence.
Dean watched while Castiel took his notebook and began to write off the board. At first Dean frowned and was confused until he understood what he was doing and Dean didn't mean to smile, but he did anyway.
Cas could do nothing except looking at Dean. He put his hand on Dean's shoulder, brought him back to reality.
"Come on." Cas said and headed for the stairs. Apparently they were both alone at the moment, but Dean didn't want to worry about that at the moment. Cas went up the stairs and Dean followed him silently.
"Did you ever look at someone and asked yourself, why are they like this? Like, what is their story? Why do they do what they do? What made them like this?" Dean asked while looking into the nightsky. Maybe he was asking the moon as well.
Dean didn't want to know her. He wanted nothing to do with the woman who was responsible for the scars on Cas' back.
They didn't talk much, as if they were trying to process what was happening. After a while they shared a cigarette again.
"As long as nobody gets pregnant, it's okay." Cas said unintressted and Dean started laughing. "That's her words."
Dean woke up sometime in the morning. The sun was already shining slightly through his window and he heard some birds
"I'll find it out anyway, dad." Dean said, with an desperate laugh as he ran a hand over his chin. He didn't know how I stayed so calm and his left leg began to shake. He was probably just tired. His brain was working on reserve.
Together they sat at the table, with three chairs, and ate the pizza that John had ordered. Like that was a normal evening. As if we had just all come home from school and work and talked about the day now.
He looked at the clock that was standing on his desk. It was just before seven. Dean would normally have to leave the house in twenty minutes.
Then Cas would say something like that he had been here before Dean and that it was Dean that just crashed into his life.
His father said something, but Dean didn't listen. He couldn't and he didn't want to know. Dean was too tired to worry about his father seeing him like this.
"A good night story?" he joked and Dean rolled his eyes. Nevertheless, a laugh left him. "What would you like to hear?"
"We both did." Cas explained and started to fiddle with his thumbs. "Even if it wasn't dramatic, it was a shitty time."
Dean immediately got up and put on his clothes. It was 9:43 am. He didn't even try to make sure that he looked halfway normal. Sam never cared what he looked like anyway and Dean just didn't give a damn about anyone else in the world right now.
Dean almost ran into the building. He went into the elevator, pushed the button and drove up.  Dean tried to remain calm, to take several quiet breaths, but he couldn't suppress the twitching of his hands. His father had sent him the number for the room. When the elevator door opened, he ran almost as if he was running out of time. Despite the fact that all the hospitals were a labyrint, Dean found the room pretty fast.
And there was this sudden realisation, that Cas had a monster too. His grandma looked up and her eyes met Dean's briefly before turning back to the pancake.
Dean hoped, with every fiber of his body, that his father wouldn't dwell on it. He didn't have the energy to talk about this topic again.
"I know, Sammy." Dean assured him, putting his hand lightly on his little brother's shoulder. "All of this is just too much. I understand you. I know how it is."
"Dean, calm down, please." John became calmer, probably realizing what he said. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that."
That's why he gave up after fifteen minutes and struggled out of the bed. Dean realized that he already felt quite at home here. He had no problem moving around freely.
Sammy was out all the time and didn't come back until dinner. They sat together for dinner in the evening and talked about life. At least Sam and their dad. John even got up more often to cook something. On good days it was even Dean.
"Yeah and I'm proud of you. I really am, son. But you haven't even really been outside since... you know what. You've banished all people from your life, and you refuse to take new people in. You look like a corpse, it's midsummer and you are as white as your wall." John stated and Dean wanted to run away.
The day after Christmas, Cas' grandparents made them a present: they left and so Cas was alone at home.
Otherwise, everyone expected something from Dean. His father and Sam expected him to finally get his act together. That he should get better soon.
"Not far from here. A bit higher than the sports field. You can see the whole village from up there. I always liked to the few." He explained and Dean nodded understandingly.
After a beer later, they both laid side by side in the field. It was warm, but you could tell that the warm weather was coming to an end. It was dark, there were many stars in the sky.
"Do you really think I feel that way about you?" John asked with a frown and Dean looked up. In that moment Dean didn't know what he was thinking. One part voted for yes, the other for no.
"Sit wherever you want." Dean answered shortly and Castiel smiled for a moment, before he sat down and the teacher already entered the classroom.
He heard Dean's father try to calm him down, but he didn't even manage to do so. Dean hit the wall with his fist and Castiel was seriously suprised it didn't leave a dent.
Suddenly he was angry, full of energy and then Dean found himself just running down the stairs and out of the house. He heard his name but didn't respond. The cold air hit him in the face but Dean managed to ignore it.
"He hasn't been like that in a long time." he said quietly and Cas swallowed hard. "Did he take anything?"
"I don't want that." Dean thought, but in the next moment he noticed that he said it out loud. He didn't care, Cas knew anyway. Dean saw in Cas' eyes that he knew. That he knew exactly what state Dean was in right now.
Sam would go to school while John had to go to work. He couldn't just take time off because his son was going crazy. Cas would be a good distraction.
"What?" Dean asked confused, remembering that he was just sitting in their new house. With half a slice of pizza on his plate.
His brain was unable to do anything, as was his heart. Either everything was too much or too little. And today was clearly too much, because Dean wasn't scraed like this for a long time.
Dean, of course, had no idea who it was. But it was a guy. Although it felt like Dean shouldn't even have that information, he was glad he did, because it made Castiel a lot more interesting.
When Dean pulled away from him, Cas looked at him with a faint smile. He gently brushed Dean's hair back until he gently puts his hand to Dean's cheek.
"I didn't mean the things I said. I didn't want to hurt you, I didn't want to hurt anyone. I don't know what the hell was going on with me." Dean needed to clearify that
"Yeah." Dean closed his eyes, focusing only on the feeling of Cas' fingers inside of him. His hand clawed at the sheets and he really had to make an effort to breathe normally. At some point he realized how Cas took his hand, which clawed so tightly into the sheets, and squeezed it slightly. Cas was here, Dean was too. This really happened and it felt so good.
"I'm not telling them, promise." Again Dean just nodded and Cas turned around, whereupon Dean got his bike and rode off.
"Will you talk to me then?" Dean asked. Cas didn't nod instantly, but he did in the end. "We just talk to each other, right?"
They had a perfect house with a huge garden and Sam and Dean would drive around all the time, either on their bike or when Dean was old enough with the car. Sometimes Dean was out there the whole day just out with his friends. Often he would spent his days just with Sammy, driving to the nearest McDonalds and eating in their favorite sitting corner.
"So you are friends now?" Sam teased and now Dean rolled his eyes, because he just couldn't help it. He saw Sam's cheeky little grin from the side. Dean was so fucking glad to see that grin and hear this tiny laugh. "Say thank you from me."
Dean seemed to have calmed down after a while. John reached under his arms and helped him to his feet, whereupon they both went up the stairs. Dean looked at his room door for a moment, but John pushed him straight on into his own room.
"I'm sorry, I- I don't know." Dean mumbled more to myself and dropped onto a pillow next to Cas. He stared at the ceiling and Dean didn't know what to say. He almost looked sad and somehow this oppressive silence hurt both of them. He didn't say anything but just started at the ceiling, but his eyes moved. As if he would scan every inch of the ceiling. But he didn't look at Dean.
John was sleeping on the couch in the living room, so Sam and Dean locked themselves in the kitchen. Dean really didn't want to, but he tried to eat something. For Sam. He didn't want anyone to worry about him any more.
Their chest touched and Dean didn't know which heart beat belonged to whom. Cas trembled slightly, Dean did too, his forehead glistened slightly with sweat, and in that moment Dean was perfectly sure that his boyfriend was the most beautiful human being he'd ever seen in his entire life.
Because Dean had no desire to rebuild everything. Besides, he thought that no matter how well he might be doing one day, he would still be a far too exhausted and tired soul. It felt like he had wasted so much of his life energy over the last year that he now only had the bare minimum to stay afloat.
Slowly he left Cas' room and made his way downstairs. He ran past the kitchen and was stopped by Cas' grandma.
Sam kept turning to the window to make sure the light wasn't turning on in the house. Dean recognized the concern on Sam's face, the question burning on his tongue. At some point, Sam could no longer take his eyes off the window. Dean was briefly unsure if Sam had tears in his eyes, but was later sure it was just fatigue.
Cas got up quickly and went to his dresser where he seemed to be looking for something. Dean knew what he was looking for and shit, this excited him. It got him smiling for a moment. Dean shivered slightly and he didn't know if it came from the now subconscious fear or just the fact that he was really horny and couldn't wait to get fucked by Cas.
During the breaks we sat together in our typical constitution. Michael talked about a party he had attended at the weekend and how he had met a totally pretty girl. He said her name was Hannah and that he had actually managed to get her number. Dean didn't expect that, because Mchael looked pretty shy.
"You smoke, right?" Cas suddenly asked. Dean frowned, but didn't answer. "I wasn't sure, but I think I saw a pack in your room."
So one day later he went to Cas' house, got his New Year's kiss and asked him if they wanted to go for a walk. Castiel openly showed his confusion to Dean, because it was freezing cold and i Dean was honest, he wasn't a friend of movement anyway. At the end Castiel, of cours, agreed and grabbed his jacket.
"Where the hell are you going?!" he shouted behind Dean. Dean didn't even put on his jacket, but Cas was carrying it.
"I know. I'm sorry." Dean started to apologize. "I'm so fucking sorry. I saw it in your eyes and I just kept going. I'm so sorry."
For a while they stood there like that. Cas with his body against the wall, Dean with his back to him at the window. The sun was setting, it wasn't even late. Dean realized that he could go, just run home and escape this conversation.
"I'm sorry, dad." Dean finally said. "For not talking. For not letting you near me. For not trying to get better, actually. I'm really sorry."
Before Dean could continue his panicked train of thoughts, he felt the other boy's lips and it was okay. Everything was so okay.
"He's not talking." Sam said as they sat together on the couch. It almost sounded like a confession. "He hasn't eaten anything in days. He doesn't drink either. Most of the time he just lies in bed, sometimes he sits outside for hours and smokes. He doesn't want me to be with him. When I'm there, he ignores me. I don't even know if it's ignoring or if he might not even notice me. He only tells my dad to go. That was all he said for the past few days. 'Leave'. In a continuous loop." He explained with way to many hand gestures.
He didn't want to think about it, but of course he couldn't help it. He was trembling, feeling how tense he was and how much he regretted saying these things.
Dean was sure that would change after the events of the past year. But it didn't. John tried to stay the same, be the good father he always wanted to be. He had so much control over himself, that Dean wondered how he managed to do that.
"Stop running away and talk to me." John asked rightfully which made Dean feel even more constricted.
He didn't want that. He didn't want this to be his life. All the pain and suffering. The constant tension in this house. All the tears and all the blood.
Cas let his grandmother know they were there. She asked him if they were hungry, he answered no and they both disappeared into his room. But Dean catched his grandma's smile.
"You're fucking right about that." Dean tried to be dismissive. To push the subject away from him. To pretend he was strong and an asshole that didn't give a single fuck.
. There was something and that something made Dean's heart jump. Cas nodded too, but it looked like he was checking something in his head.
He had driven the Impala to the gas station in the middle of the night. Then he drove to some deserted parking lot, sat on the hood and lit his first cigarette. Then the second. The third...
"I haven't seen you this good in forever. Sometimes I hear you chuckle on the phone at night. This is good, I told you it could be good."
"No." Dean shook his head instanlty and for a moment, Dean could see everything in his eyes: anger, jealousy, grief, pain.
"No, sit wherever you want." Dean said, confused. He didn't want to care where this guy was sitting. He generally didn't care about the guy. So Dean just kept eating, trying to ignore the others presence.
The mask, Dean was wearing the whole time, had fallen in the forest and Cas would see more and more of him. Dean just realized that. Was it stupid of him? What is it good?
“In here!” Jack’s voice is closer now, bouncing off the walls and reverberating in Dean’s skull, making his head spin. It’s too loud. Too close. Too much. “Dean, what are you—are you okay?”
“Everything’s fine. Just brother stuff, you know? Living out of each other’s pockets for our whole lives gets a bit much sometimes. We just need some time apart.”
“Okay, yeah. I want to see the lions. Sue me. I’ve never seen one outside of a TV screen, and it’s not like I ever got a chance to go to a zoo before.”
There are ways, he’s sure, to neutralize a cambion before it is born. Perhaps there are ways to neutralize a demigod.
With a huff, Castiel returns his hand to the wheel, and doesn’t bother to point out that Dean’s hands rarely stay in place when he’s the one driving.
Tilting his face into the crook of Cas’ neck, Dean holds on, holds still, putting off the inevitable separation for as long as he can. He wants to keep Cas like this, just for now. Just a little while longer. Hold him inside, safe and
“Okay. I’m not going anywhere.” He glances up at the clock on the wall. “Not for the next nine and a half minutes, anyway.”
“He will be,” Dean says, and nods toward the dinosaur, an amused look crossing his face. “Old friend of yours?”
Slowly, they emerge from their hiding places, surrounding him in a loose circle, and Castiel counts them swiftly. Thirteen djinn. The blade concealed in his sleeve presses reassuringly cool against his forearm, but he does not unsheath it.
For a long moment, they watch one another, and Dean gets the distinct impression that he’s being sized up. The man opens his mouth a little, before closing it again. He huffs before he finally asks, “Are you a ghost?”
“So you only came back to say goodbye,” Castiel says, his eyes stinging, a lump in his throat, and Dean stares back at him, stricken.
To his credit, Sam does seem sincerely apologetic. Castiel just can’t quite fathom how someone could spend their entire life living in close quarters with someone and be unaware of such a fundamental truth about them. He does know that Dean tries to hide his interest in men--he’s not completely oblivious, no matter what some might say—but he’s always assumed that Sam saw through the charade as easily as he did. It’s disconcerting to learn that he was so wrong.
--to Henry, he’s cut back to only one a day. Even then, he’s been butting it out when it’s only halfway done.
“So, I’ll try and get back in a couple of days,” Dean tells him, rocking awkwardly from foot to foot as Castiel looks up at him. “Uh... actually. What’d that be for you?”
Dean glances down the hallway, where he can just see Castiel’s toe poking around the corner. He clears his throat.
“Do you think she’s okay?” Donna asks, concerned, and Castiel meets Dean’s eyes over the phone, an uneasy look passing between them.
Suddenly, his eyes are bright with tears, and Castiel thinks he’s done too much. Shown him too much. That he’s frightened Dean with the reality of how Castiel sees him. Overwhelmed him with the sensation of how it feels to love him, to know him.
The door wrenches open before he can get any further, and it’s enough to make his heart stop. His skin prickles. He tastes acid.
“That might be my fault. I was... when I was stitching it up, I was thinking about you, and, um... how I wished we could’ve been friends.” Dean grimaces. “Shit, that sounds lame out loud.”
The man in the picture, the man he suspects Castiel ran away with--he’s not here now, and it’s likely that Castiel hasn’t seen him since the war. All this time, Castiel has had the means to find him in an instant, and Dean’s wasted it.
“What?” Dean asks, too caught off guard to come up with a convincing enough lie. There’s barely even a pause before Sam responds.
?” he asks, and he sounds incredulous. As though it’s the fact that Castiel would be interested in him specifically that’s surprising. “Douchey king of the v-neck? That Balthazar?”
“No, I mean—aren’t you tired of… of this.” He waves between them with an open hand, the movement far too casual to be anything but calculated, and glances back to meet Castiel’s eyes. “We could die tomorrow.”
He’s still sitting there when he hears a creak from the attic, and followed by a few shuffling footsteps and a knock against the ceiling.
“Astute observation there, little brother. That college education really picks its moments to shine through.”
Sam’s grip tightens on the wheel as he looks over at Castiel, a pained expression aging his features.
The faucet over the sink is stiff, and it grinds when he turns it, but it doesn’t feel like he’s turned it at all. He’s watching himself as if from the other side of the room. Watching himself hold his hands under the steady stream. Watching the water splash over the edges of the basin, watching it darken his loose jeans, watching himself, a skeleton in papery skin.
exactly,” he says. “But I have liked to imagine all the different ways I might be able to please you, if I ever had the chance.” He shifts to bite softly at Dean’s hip; soothes over the skin with his tongue. Dean’s whole body is taut with tension. “All the ways you might please me. Would you like me to tell you about them?”
John cries as he does it, like it’s hurting him as much as it’s hurting Dean. He cries, and he apologizes, but he doesn’t stop.
Any time that they weren’t out on a hunt, Cas spent the vast majority of his time working at the table in the library or frowning at coffee molecules in the kitchen. Sometimes, he’d putter around in one of the storage rooms downstairs, poking at ancient scrolls and curse boxes and memorizing the locations of things that he thought might turn out to be useful. Sometimes, he’d knock on Dean’s door and wait to be invited to sit beside him on the bed and watch something on Dean’s laptop.
“We’re all going to die,” she says, and as much as Dean wants to pretend otherwise, he believes her. So does Belphegor, if his sudden departure is anything to go by.
Sucking a barely-there smudge of frosting from his thumb in a move that Castiel suspects is not nearly as unconscious as Dean wants him to believe, Dean smiles. The effect is alarmingly similar to the sensation of being thrown free of his body. It must show on his face, because Dean just smiles wider.
When he tries to remember why he’s actually here, it’s harder. Despite his effort to recall details about the djinn, the desert, his slow trek to Syria, he finds himself struggling to dredge up much more than the vague shape of each memory.
“Please,” he says, and Castiel wishes with everything he has that he didn’t have to deny him. But it’s too dangerous. If Dean opened himself up like that here, in this world where an archangel might sense the vulnerability of his soul—Castiel couldn’t live with himself if something happened to him.
Dean huffs, but heads for the back all the same, pulling the tailgate down to start unpacking their gear. Castiel tries not to notice how good he looks, arms flexing in his dark t-shirt.
“That’s uh… that’s rough, man,” Dean says, and gestures vaguely over his shoulder. “Hey, I just gotta—”
“Don’t. You don’t get to just show up here after ditching us for a year and say you’re sorry like that makes it okay.”
“Okay,” he breathes out, and steels himself to move forward. One foot after another. One step at a time.
“Good news or bad news?” When Castiel doesn’t immediately answer—he doesn’t know how—she frowns, deepening the already prominent wrinkles on her brow. “Both?”
“The woman who did this,” Castiel tells her, gesturing to the red circle stitched onto his jacket. “It’s the key to all of this.”
Dean is already nearing the dilapidated mess hall he’s been set up in for the night—the camp only has so much space for sleeping quarters—and Castiel hurries to catch up. He slips through the door behind him and into the dark.
“Alright,” Castiel agrees, and risks a quick glance away from the road to look at him. His eyes are closed, his head tilted back against the headrest. “Do you want to choose another tape to listen to?”
“Oh, you’re still an asshole,” Castiel tells him, and Dean laughs, bright and carefree. It’s a relief to hear.
