“Shh,” he repeats, still looking stern, but Dean knows a Cas tease when he sees one, and he pulls Cas to his feet, kissing him deeply. “You taste like jizz.”
Chekov’s already at the door when Dean makes it over there, and Dean gently nudges him out of the way with his foot before pulling it open. He stares at surprise at Anna, who looks just as surprised to see him, even though it’s his apartment.
“Hey Winchester times two,” Gabriel greets them, shoving the rest of the Twix into his mouth. “Miss me? Fear for my life as I risked it trekking through foreign country, fighting the good fight?”
The first period ends scoreless, and Bobby spends the intermission going over plays with them, from that playbook they all hate so damn much but which is probably going to save their asses now. Rufus cuts in occasionally to help, and that’s when it really sinks in for Dean how important this game is. The Scorpions are the toughest team they’re going to play. If they beat them, they have a very good chance of beating Tampa. They could be champions, part of history.
Michael sneers at him and asks him to lift his skirts, but Dean doesn’t really hear. He waits for the ref. The whistle blows. The puck drops.
“Chuck and his damn hooking penalty,” Benny grumbles, kicking his leg out at Chuck, who’s leaning against the couch near his feet.
He liked Purgatory, as much as that appalled Sam. Had enjoyed the raw, unfiltered drive behind life there. Kill monsters, find Cas, get home to Sam. That’s all there was to it, no bullshit, no mess, no innocents that had to take the brunt of the consequences of Dean’s own actions, his failure to keep them alive.
Dean feels a surge of affection he doesn’t really want to be feeling here in the middle of an amusement park and masks it by clapping Kevin on the shoulder. “’Course it would be. Benny and I are the only ones here who’re gonna give you any real fun,” he grins. “You got a favorite ride, kid?”
“Both of you shut up. No nerding until noon,” Dean tells them. He’s beginning to get a headache. Where the hell is Bobby?
“Sure,” Dean leers at him and hops up, bending over to hold his hand out to Castiel. “Come on, I’ve got to get these fixed before the lunch rush.”
So many of you have told me that you got into hockey because of the this fic and the team camaraderie in it, and I just want to tell you how absolutely ecstatic I am that my love of the Blackhawks and their dynamic has been able to translate over into the world of Supernatural, and that in turn those of you that have a team have been able to translate it back onto them, or those of you that are discovering hockey are able to find it in your own teams. I love hockey so much, I'm so happy some of you are finding it too.
“Anybody tells on Sam, I’ll cut off his balls,” Dean warns, just in time for Kate to arrive and hand over his beer. “Besides, the girls are cool. We all get to be buddies and as long as no one narcs and there isn’t a huge sex scandal, the league isn’t bothered. So no knocking up Hannah or anything, got it?”
It figures that the first day Castiel has off begins with the shrill sound of his cell phone ringing at an ungodly hour of the morning.
The Rit Zien goes after Cas, and Dean shows up just in time to help kill the thing, and save the baby, because apparently Cas is babysitting, not on a date.
“Give us a speech, Chief!” Benny yells over everyone else. For some reason he’s got an extremely happy looking Kevin in a headlock. Dean’s not gonna ask. He doesn’t have to when ten seconds later Kevin has Benny flipped and pinned to the locker. Shame the kid can’t use that type of shit on the ice.
Nobody’s really keeping track of score, too focused on getting the puck in the net and starting again for anyone to call them out. Finally as it’s getting dark, Bobby calls, “Next shot wins!”
“No,” Cas says, “Though I’m glad you have enough confidence in me to believe that I would get up for the world ending.”
“Please,” Sam rolls his eyes. “You were mad for weeks when they replaced that one guy with Don Cheadle in Iron Man.”
“So anyway, I was thinking about what you said yesterday, about not ever having a tree? And it got me thinking, hey, that kinda sucks, you know, not to have anywhere to put your angel, so maybe we could—“
Aaron sighs and runs his hand through his hair. It sticks up a bit, like Cas’. “I’m a cop. It was a rough day. What about you?”
“Just came to enjoy the show,” Gordon sing songs. “Deano got a lucky goal there, didn’t he? Maybe there is something useful about learning to spread your legs.”
Except. That kiss had been good. Amazing. Dean’s a good kisser, and he’s done it a lot. He knows what sexual chemistry is, what it means to click and fit with someone, when all the tabs lock in and the gears whir and the alarm that says ‘sex needs to happen immediately’ begins to blare. It was like one of those kisses. Yeah, a little different, for some reason lacking the usual urgency Dean always felt to get away from kissing and into the fun stuff, but still, he felt it.
Turns out Cas wasn’t exaggerating for their sakes – Anna really did want to come to lunch, that much was obvious by how much she talked in the car ride to the Roadhouse, the most Dean had ever heard her speak. Apparently Cas had told her a lot about Dean and Sam and his team over the course of the week, and she had even been to one of their recent games. While Dean was dying to know what Cas had said about him, Anna wasn’t really saying, and he stopped thinking about it when he realized he was counting how many times she looked at him over Sam as a clue to how much Cas talked about him.
“Like Deano’s got?” Gabriel asks, slurping hard at his second drink. Dean stares hard into his empty glass. He needs another. In the meantime he grabs his last Purple Nurple.
Dean’s groans into Cas’ mouth, his hands twisting where they’re bunched in Cas’ closer, trying to get closer, crawl inside of him maybe. Cas’ hands clench around his hips in response.
“Ha ha,” Dean says, relieved his voice sounds fairly normal. It’s not unusual for them to fall asleep in one another’s beds. He and Sam used to do it all the time, and Dean knows he’s got a picture somewhere of Benny spooning with Gabriel, so he knows he’s just being teased. Except he’s never…it was so natural sleeping with Cas last night, and in a huge bed like that, he really shouldn’t have gravitated towards him like he did. Seems they both had an issue with personal apace though, and Dean was a little uneasy waking up without Cas here to know they were okay. He was a little paranoid, still on edge from their falling out. “Hotel screwed up, we were too tired to care.”
“Shit?” Dean guesses and grins, lifting his leg to tap his socked foot to Cas’ cheek. “Probably a little of both, man.”
“LEARN YOU PLAY HOCKEY YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE, YOU COULD HAVE SERIOUSLY HURT HIM WITH THAT CHEAP ASS—,”
“You assholes didn’t take care of Gordon at all, did you?” Victor furrows his brow. “I guess you haven’t been paying attention to the gossip rags, either. They’re saying all sorts of stuff about the Cavs. Problems in the locker room, guys sleeping with one another’s girlfriends…”
All of this is gibberish to Castiel, and luckily he’s saved from having to say anything in response by Sam. “Dude, you were just making him wait up here?”
you fight?” Dean counters, rubbing angrily at the stinging knuckles of his right hand. The dried blood washes away easily in the rain and he glares sideways at Cas. “Half of that was directed at you, you know.”
He moves through their next few cases in a fog, mentioning to Sam that something seems off about Cas. “Something always seems off about Cas,” Sam says, and Dean dutifully laughs, but it still doesn’t feel right.
“DRINK,” Gabriel bellows from his family room, and Dean swears he can actually hear glasses being brought to mouths. Usually Bobby would make them watch game recaps early in the morning before practice, but Dean had managed to convince him that the guys needed a break. It was the season of giving after all.
Dean climbs into the driver’s seat and starts the car up, almost immediately noticing Castiel’s stiffness. Without a word he places a hand on Castiel’s knee and just rests it there, a steady warm presence that has Castiel relaxing back into the seat before he realizes it.
“I just need a win.” He says it to Sam, but it’s a plea to the universe. He remembers Cas, what seems like lifetimes ago.
Dean punches his shoulder and Cas looks down in surprise at where he’d touched him. “You asshole. You fucking knew Batman wasn’t part bat.”
“We’re basically like this,” she hums in response, crossing two of her fingers together. “I met him when I first started working here a couple of years ago. He kinda makes the place bearable.”
Sure enough, Cas has carefully extracted the little girl from his lap and is sitting at one of the small table on the other side of the room, the kids gathered around him in a kind of sad attempt at a line as they clamor to get his attention and wave sheets of paper.
“We’re done,” he tells it firmly, awkwardly rolling off the bed in an attempt to keep the mess as contained as possible. He hobbles to the bathroom and wipes himself down with a wet washcloth, pulling off his shirt. He’s too lazy to get into PJs now, and the alcohol is wearing off just enough that he’s beginning to hurt, physically and mentally.
“Thank you,” Castiel smiles in return before pulling out his cell phone. “However, I’m afraid I have to rescind it some. Dean doesn’t have my number, and I’m not sure how he thinks he’s going to get in touch with me tomorrow.”
“This isn’t the rush?” Castiel asks in disbelief, accepting Dean’s hand and climbing up onto the platform.
Dean stares at him. He guesses maybe he’s always kind of known this, somewhere in the back of his head. That no guy gives up the things that Cas has without loving them deeply. But he’d always had the thought that maybe Cas was confused, or wasn’t able to handle love in the same way humans can. There were certainly times when he didn’t act like Dean thought someone in love should – there was a reason he was terrified the angel would leave and never return.
“Sorry,” a familiar rough voice says earnestly, and Dean’s body responds without his brain’s permission, grabbing Cas’ hips to steady himself.
“Um…” Lisa looks cagey, and suddenly Dean realizes that the ice has emptied out quite a bit, with most people milling around at the home team bench.
Still, Zeke doesn’t stop him from going to Rexford, no matter how much Dean tries to convince himself that it’s a dumb move, that Cas doesn’t actually want to see him, he was just alerting them of a case, probably expecting Dean to call in a favor with another hunter.
“I suppose I hadn’t thought about it,” Cas shrugs. “Women are not allowed to date each other in my country.”
He’s barely naked, his hockey pants shoved down to his knees and the hem of his jersey catching on his erect cock, but jesus Cas is gorgeous. He lips are swollen and wet from Dean kissing him, his hair is mussed from Dean shoving his hand through it. Dean reaches forward and hikes his jersey up, the rough fabric brushing against his erection, and Cas makes a low noise deep in his throat, his hips jerking forward involuntarily.
“Know the man’s got a few screws loose and he hates your guts to boot,” Benny says. “But any idea why he’s riding you so hard?”
Sam chews worriedly on his lip, looking very deep in thought. Finally he begins to speak, and the words are slow, careful. “Christmas was kind of a big deal in our family, you know? I was only four when mom died, but I remember it, get the impression of what was going on. Family and warmth and all of that stuff Christmas was supposed to be, With gingerbread houses and decorating the tree and music and…all that stuff. Anyway, dad kinda checked out on us after she was gone, and damn if Dean didn’t keep giving me the same exact Christmas I’d had every year before, all on his own. Then dad just up and left, and Uncle Bobby took us in, and suddenly Christmas was a huger deal than ever. It has to be, when you’re running a huge store in a huge city and the decorations go up the second Halloween is over. I think Dean just kind of got sucked into that world and never left. He won’t admit it, but I think it’s his happy place.”
“Family skate is on my birthday,” Dean points out triumphantly. Benny stops nagging him about it, so ha. Dean Winchester one, feelings blullcrap zero.
“Never a good assumption to make, Jo,” Dean says, studying her seriously for the first time. She doesn’t look like anything is seriously wrong, but maybe this has something to do with how weird and out of it she was yesterday night. Dean’s not sure he wants to hear it. He’s not too good on the emotional support front. But Jo’s like a little sister to him, and he owes it to her to at least listen, if she has something to say.
She’s staring at him, so Dean takes him time dropping another potato into the pot before looking at her. “That doesn’t sound healthy, Dean.”
Dean’s heart gives some kind of sick thrill at the thought of the evidence of Cas pounding his ass into submission being the remnants of gold glitter smeared over both of them.
“Oh Castiel,” his mother sighs. “Why must you insist on making Christmas dinner so awkward? First your little sexuality crisis, now this…”
“No doubt because you spent it all on candy and porn,” Castiel scowls. “I’m not going to play this game, Gabriel. There’s nothing going on here.”
“Alright, fine, smart ass,” Dean sighs. “Guys grab dinner too, y’know. You ever been on a date with a guy?”
Dean has decided he loves Los Angeles. This is like the best place ever. He didn’t even have to leave the hotel to find a decent bar scene, there’s one fucking right here. Greatest thing about it is, he wasn’t even paying attention to the crowd, focusing more on getting drunk, and all on their own two girls just sat down next to him and started talking to him.
Then a punch gets landed straight to Cas’ jaw, and Dean realizes Sam must have managed to stand him on his feet, because without realizing it he’s skating over to pull the guy on top of Cas into a headlock, yelping in surprise and pain when he’s grabbed in turn.
“No, shut up. Look, maybe if you’re a good little boy the bag fairy will bring your bags back in the morning.”
“Thanks Tracey. We all know a position was left open on the Cavalry when Henrickson was traded in June for two draft picks, a position that has the possibility of being filled by Krushnic. Krushnic went forty two, twenty six, thirteen with his Russian team last year, earning a total of thirty four goals and forty assists. But while it seems he matches Henrickson in skill, there’s still the question of chemistry. Cavalry Captain Dean Winchester, who was in the running for the Selke Trophy last year, spent a large amount of his ice time with Henrickson – will the chemistry be the same? That remains to be seen. The season starts October 9, check your local listings.”
Cas’ door is closed, which is unusual but not totally weird. He usually leaves his door cracked open so he or Sam know they’re welcome to walk in, but it didn’t take Cas long to learn about alone time either. Usually Dean leaves him be when alone time is clearly being established, but flowers and lube seems like a pretty good reason to break that rule. “Cas?”
touch him, and just how the fuck is he supposed to explain running his hand over the shoulder of Cas’ coat?
Dean laughs loudly over him, the sound so fake that Cas shuts up abruptly, his already squinted eyes narrowing even more dangerously. “So what, gonna take care of my head and then leave, is that it?” he asks incredulously. “Nice trade off, you for a brain that’s not even all that good at doing shit to begin with—hey!”
It leads them along a path that runs parallel to a stream. This path will lead them to a large angel trap, sigils that their kind had carved long ago. Fortunately enough Leviathan had died there that the blossom would be readily available. It was the perfect set up.
She turns briskly on her heel and starts winding expertly through the toy land obstacle course, Castiel following behind with a confused frown on his face.
“He didn’t like the attention darling,” Balthazar drawls, sporting a brand-new looking Cubs cap of his own.
“We don’t have to get a hotdog,” Dean says sheepishly, “I just…” He wasn’t quite sure what to say. He liked dating Cas. He wants to date Cas, badly. It was his choice to publicly come out, because he hadn’t wanted to hide and because, even though Dean didn’t think this was the case, others were convinced that he was a good role model, that just by existing, he could help others.
“Come sit by me,” Charlie pipes up. “Then I won’t have to feel so awkward about being the only redhead in the room.”
Maybe slinking away isn’t the best idea. But he’s not really slinking, is he? He’s just…he’s pretty sure Cas doesn’t want him around. And he doesn’t really feel like being around Cas right now either.
Basically, he and Cas are America’s new sweethearts. Not something Dean really appreciates when he’s trying to get a brand new relationship off the ground. Especially since Dean’s never been good with relationships to begin with, and to top that off, he’s pretty new to the whole guy with guy thing they’re trying out.
“What?” Dean asks, then interrupts whatever Kevin says next to yell and bang his stick against the wall as Balthazar gets slammed into the ice right in front of them. “Yeah, he did!”
He hadn’t, really, choosing to ignore the matter until Bobby had reminded him of it with his comment. But the look on Dean’s face is so surprised and delighted that he decides to keep going.
Cas finally pulls away from Dean’s neck, his eyes glinting. Dean can see his erection, the dark gray slacks he’s wearing hiding nothing, and he wonders briefly if he’s being selfish about wanting Cas’ mouth on him, wrapped around him, when Cas drops to his knees in front of him.
“Bobby is the store manager?” Castiel asks, taken aback. He’s never had the opportunity to meet with anybody but Meg, not even Crowley, who ran the F.A.O Schwarz. It was a bit off putting to hear that his boss had called him an idgit and thought Dean was messing around with him.
“I’ll do it if you can get Benny to, smartass,” Dean offers as parting words. He grins when he hears Benny’s, “Aw hell no, boy,” and continues to walk through the park.
“I gotta remember to hire you to write all my press conference answers,” Benny says. “You gotta way with words, Gabe.”
Dean points at her. “Gross,” he says candidly. His lips are starting to feel pleasantly numb, which means he’s on the road to being as drunk as he wants.
“Dean!” Cas’ voice is frantic, and he’s stopped using grace all together. He’s struggling now, but he’s pushing Dean away, scrabbling at his hold around him. “Dean, no, stop, you can’t, it will take you too, let go,
“Spark plugs went out,” he explains, flexing his fingers in an effort to warm them. “Why’re you out of the car? S’cold.”
“This is where we have visitors,” the nurse explains. “In the public room. Krissy has her own room though, if you’d like to follow me?”
“Thank you,” Dean grins triumphantly, ripping open the present to reveal a box. He has no idea what Cas could have gotten him, so it’s with a bit of trepidation that he opens the box and pulls out a beautifully carved wooden hockey player.
“I owed him my life,” Winchester replies without missing a beat, and it sounds accusatory. The leviathan wonders who he’s accusing. “He sacrificed himself to get Sam out of this place.”
“In that case,” Gabriel grins widely, and suddenly the purple drink is gone (where the fuck did he stash it) and he’s grabbing both their wrists. “Come with me, children, to a world of pure imagination, booze, and sex.”
He starts striding forward again, and the Leviathan scramble to keep up, to maintain the semblance that they are his captors, marching him to his reckoning, and not an entourage escorting a broken man to a gallows of his own making.
So. Cas was in his family room, had been there for who knows how long. Cas had probably brought him home and…had stayed?
Really though, if his money was going to be used for anything exuberant, the restaurant style stove top was definitely the best he could have done.
“This is important to you, and you are important to me,” Cas says simply. He’s already waiting in the impala when Dean gathers himself enough to go down there after him.
Cas didn’t say much, but every time Dean worked up the nerve to look at him, he could just tell. He was enjoying the hell out of himself. Dean’s be willing to bet he was the most thankful one here.
Cas hums around him, the vibration jerking Dean’s hips a little and he manages to groan out, “God, Cas, you feel so good,” before Cas sucks, and suddenly he’s lost all coherent thought.
“I don’t understand,” Cas is saying petulantly, staring down at the field. Rizzo’d just been hit with a pitch and was taking the walk to first, and Cas’ eyes were squinted to the degree that Dean knew meant none of this was adding up. “Why doesn’t he hit him back?”
Dean’s about to open his mouth and spin the usual bullcrap – possible connection to another case, following up on a hunch, probably nothing – when Cas steps forward, and in
Dean grunted but wouldn’t admit it, because Victor doesn’t need to think he knows everything about him.
Things between him and Cas are good, Real good. Jack was the final piece of the puzzle. Dean could have even lived without an apology, but the second Jack’s soul was back, he gave one, sobbing harder than Dean had ever let himself over Mary Winchester’s second death.
Dean tries not to think about how sad that is. Hell, he probably wouldn’t have friends either if it weren’t for the team and the people he grew up with, but Krushnic is in the same situation as him. He had teammates, back in Russia, and Dean knows not all the guys here feel the same way about him as Dean does.
Charlie grins excitedly. “Ginger bread cookies! I found these awesome directions for making Star Trek themed ones.”
Hannah walks briskly around the table, shoving a chair between them and settling down in it. “I trust you two had a good flight?” she asks politely as she opens up the folder in front of her. Dean spots a neatly typed up list headed, ‘When Fan Interactions Go Bad’. Promising.
It’s four on four now, with thirty seconds left in the game. Cas hasn’t gotten off the ice, which means Bobby thinks he’s good or he doesn’t and Cas is ignoring Bobby anyway. Benny’s taking the face off since Dean can’t, and someone must’ve sacrificed a goat or something to the fucking Hockey Gods, because he wins it. Sam gets it and passes it to Chuck, who gets it back to Benny who skates it around behind the net. Dean’s gotten to his feet without noticing, swearing as Benny almost loses it before regaining control, and Cas is at center ice…Dean thinks he’s out of the penalty box before the goal horn even blares, but then it does and the stadium is erupting into cheers so loud Dean can’t even hear himself screaming at Cas as he tackles him, arm tight around his neck and visor pressed closed to his.
“I was on a walk,” Cas says, and Dean doesn’t think he could have been any more obvious if he’d said ‘duh’ at the end of the sentence.
“If nothing else, we can at least be thankful Bobby tasked the person least in need of such sleep with calling everybody,” Krushnic replies briskly before hanging up.
Dean hadn’t realized he was actually doing something. Making an impact. He was just…not being a dick. Turns out most of the world needed help knowing how not to be a dick.
Their break comes when the puck gets from Sam to Krushnic so quickly Michael doesn’t have time to come back and guard Dean before he’s able to cut to the center of the ice, wide open to take a shot if he gets the puck.
What with Bobby glaring at him all week, Sam’s judging bitch face and reporters descending on Crowley’s en masse, he hadn’t really had the chance to rag on Krushnic again. ‘Course they have that deal going, luckily something Krushnic hasn’t tried to cash in on yet (really, the first time Krushnic asks him to “talk” Dean is gonna do his best to induce a coma), but like he told him, that didn’t mean Dean has changed his mind about how he felt about him.
In the months that he’s topside again, Dean truly believes that he let go of Cas, trying to get through the portal. That he hadn’t been strong enough. That he’d failed. Let down someone who had depended on him for their survival once again.
He’s not sure about how he feels about having a dick up his ass though. He doesn’t like the idea of the loss of control, and he really hates to admit it, but he’s still got hang ups about being fucked by a dude. It’s like the ultimate surrender to his bisexuality.
“New player,” Dean tells her shortly. For two weeks he’s been able to avoid a situation involving direct interaction with Krushnic, and now Ash is calling him over just like any other teammate. Maybe he should just walk away and claim he needed to piss if anybody asks.
Or something. Dean doesn’t fucking know. Point is, no reason this can’t be a totally normal conversation that Cas wouldn’t find weird in any way.
Dean still has no idea what’s happening, but now there’s kissing. He and Cas kiss regularly, soothing the unsettledness that had been building since his concussion. They don’t have sex again, but he’s fine with it. He just wants to kiss.
Maybe it’s because Benny is dead, well and truly dead, and Dean knows this whole thing with Chuck means he can’t be too far behind.
Dean is taken aback for only a second before he grins. “Ah, Sammy. You tryin’ to protect your big brother?”
A phone rings and Dean snaps awake, Sam’s open book sliding off his chest as he twists to look towards the nightstand. Cas is sitting on the other side of the bed, shirtless with wet hair, and Dean is mortified to see he’s got a hand wrapped around Cas’ ankle, and the guy’s watching him, looks like he has been for a while.
. Dean chooses to ignore it as he slides down the washer and grabs one of the helmets and a cleaning cloth before leaning back against it, letting the gentle vibration soothe the aches from the beating he got during the game the other day.
He moves nonchalantly as possible, bringing his knees close to his chest. The last thing he needs is to get hard sitting on his couch with Cas. Biggest mistake of his life, take two.
“He always does that when he thinks the game depended on him,” he hears Sam quietly, and he has to be answering a question from Krushnic, because Krushnic’s the only one who doesn’t know, and for some reason that drives Dean fucking insane, because Sam’s penalty was his fault, his inability to get the puck for a shot was his fault,
Sam and Chuck stay closer to the center in order to protect the now empty net but close enough so that they can be a part of the play. Balthazar takes his place in front of the net to screen the goalie from seeing anything, and Dean takes up his spot on the right side of the ice, Krushnic on the left.
“Every time you open your goddamned mouth you’re nerding, happy?” Dean snaps, craning his neck to look around the parking lot. He doesn’t see a trucker hat anywhere. “Do you see Bobby?”
“Oh man,” Dean flashes Cas a grin over his shoulder and catches his eyes over the rim of his coffee cup. “There’s lots of shit to do here in Chicago, Cas. You got the German market and the Macy’s windows, and if we feel like it we can go and make assholes out of ourselves on the ice rink at Millennium. And present shopping. Then on Christmas Eve Sammy comes over here and opens a present, and on Christmas Day Bobby, Ellen and Jo show up.”
Two hours later and he’s still struggling to figure out why the hell he’s so mad a guy he doesn’t want attracted to him doesn’t find him attractive when he hears the front door open and Chekov bolts off the couch.
Before Dean’s able to fully register that he just accidentally flirted, never mind that Cas just fucking flirted back, the taxi makes a sputtering grinding noise that makes the driver swear loudly and pull over to the side of the road.
“Aw, Cas, you’re definitely seducing me though. Listen to all that sweet talk you keep trottin’ out.”
Dean has never been possessed by an angel, but sometimes, when they’re sleep drunk and exhausted driving home from a case, Sam will talk about it. About the total loss of control, the utter fear and despair of watching your body do things you aren’t telling it to do. He talks about how he would find pockets in his mind, spaces Lucifer hadn’t touched, and fold himself into them to fit, to hide, to get away from it all.
“To Bobby’s,” Dean is finding staring just over Cas’ shoulder and into his family room is a way easier way to do this. “Sam’ll be there. And my…and Ellen, and her daughter. They’re, uh, family.”
Cas rolls, and Dean watches without surprise as he maneuvers into his favorite sleeping position, head pillowed on Dean’s chest and limbs sprawled over the rest of his body like an octopus. Dean’d asked him why he did that once, and Cas just blinked at him.
They walk over to the Water Tower, and as usual split up as soon as they’re inside the mall. Dean doesn’t get how people Christmas shop together. If you like them enough to endure this kind of hell with them, chances are they’re getting a present from you and can’t be around anyway, right?
The Roadhouse is never busy at lunch time, and Dean leads them over to his and Sam’s favorite corner booth without even waiting for one of the waitstaff to show up.
“It’s not a fucking game,” Dean says, and of course now all he wants to know about is all the other Krushnics running around Russia. “You either answer and we have a conversation, or you don’t and we stand here in awkward ass silence because you’re a stubborn fuck.”
“Please,” Gabriel snorts. “I’m the best damn goalie in the league. Besides, you’ve never defended me, ergo, you are a horrible defender, Sammy-boy. I’d work on that.”
A few minutes later, he’s back in front of Cas again, hands empty but sticky with sap. “All finished, thanks man.”
“Huh.” Dean can’t decide if that’s better or worse than the American method. Sucks for the fans, not so much for the players. Except Dean loves meeting fans. So yeah, sucks. Sucks for Cas. “Sounds shitty. You’ll like this, promise.”
Seeing Dean so affected by a conversation Castiel felt was strongly reminiscent of his family dinners was strangely jarring. He didn’t like it at all.
He and the guys say shit like that all the time to one another. Dean’s not sure why it’s only hitting him now. Except there’s a chance – a tiny, microscopic chance – that on some level Sammy is serious. “Why did you tell Cas he could room with me?” he asks lowly. “We always room together.”
Dean blinks, like that’s gonna change the question. The most off point question he’s ever gotten, and that’s including the time a reporter asked him if his hair color was natural during one of their playoff runs.
“I won’t let them trade me, Dean,” Cas says fiercely. “But even if they do, it doesn’t matter. I will still live with you.”
anything. He still wasn’t gay. And he’d been attracted to tons of girls that he’d never gotten anywhere with. Alex Morgan, for instance, still hadn’t returned his calls.
Jo, much to her mother’s disappointment, had followed the Winchesters, and more importantly, her father’s footsteps into the world of hockey. She played for a women’s league that often supplied players for the national team, which Jo was hoping to make for the Olympics in 2018.
“Whatever you say, Dean,” Jo tells him. “I gotta go serve some other people before Mom gets over here and tears me a new one. Holler if you finish that whole bottle and feel like poisoning yourself more.”
Dean ignores everything his brother just said in favor of the one thing. “I’m not bi either, Jesus, Sam.”
Dean, who had spent the summer of ’96 constantly anticipating random bowie knife attacks that John had called “tactile training,” jerked so hard the bottle of lube was whipped back onto the shelf, causing a domino effect of multiple bottles of lube to explode onto the floor.
“Cut the tone,” Bobby’s wonderful and loving voice returns shortly. “Call up the guys. Mandatory practice tomorrow.”
“None of that means anything to me,” Cas frowns. “Except the Stanley Cup. They told me if we did well this season we would get a big cup. I hear it’s shiny.”
Dean knows what his life is worth. He remembers Billie’s rows and rows of little black books. He remembers that Other Castiel, the wrong one, who never had anyone to love him.
“Hey, Lise,” Dean throws a sideways look at her. Geez she looks good in the cold, cheeks all red and pretty and framed by her curly dark hair.
“I could do this show,” Benny snorts from beside him. Dean hadn’t even noticed he’d followed him in here.
Cas glances down at himself, like he hadn’t realized he’s wearing something completely different than the outfit he’s worn practically every day since he jumped into Jimmy. “I read
“Yeah, Dean, the guy you’re making googly eyes at,” Charlie grins. “Not that you’re the first to fall for his charms.”
Castiel continues to look at his lap, gloved hands clenching his pants and bunching them horribly . Dean’s palms lay lightly rested on his cheeks, and he must be tiring of the position but he still doesn’t move. “Come on, Cas. Look at me.”
They manage to get a table right next to the forty-five foot high Christmas tree. Sam joins them quickly after they sit down, and Castiel feels a warm feeling of acceptance that he doesn’t even feel like he has to ask. Dean appears soon after, plate piled high with food, but the moment he sees Cas sitting there with his coffee mug with whipped cream, he sets his plate down and disappears again.
“I was about to get to that,” Dean says, his lips pursed. “I just asked if he wanted to get a Christmas tree and he kinda blew up on me.”
“Yeah, bet there’s a light on the tree that won’t light on one side,” Dean mutters, something Castiel is sure is a reference that he doesn’t understand. Crowley seems to though, if the condescendingly amused look on his face is any indication. “And you want me to fix it?”
“Sorry, yesterday was Valentine’s Day,” Dean explains, “and I didn’t get you anything, not that it matters a ton, it’s kind of a made up holiday, but you and I, you know, are ah, together, and it’s kind of a human custom to let your boy – your person know you lo – care about them, so…” he grins cheekily. “Flowers.”
Castiel doesn’t look towards the new voice. Instead he just stares at his brother, who looks way too happy as he casually hands over one of his plates of pie.
So, this whole role model thing while trying to maneuver a brand new homosexual relationship. It was tough, and Dean hadn’t even done anything role model worthy yet. Winning the cup means he and the team are being put through a lot of appearances and publicity stunts, and he hasn’t had time to give Mr. Corbitt a call about what exactly he can do for You Can Play next.
They come out playing their game in the third period, calling for passes and getting shots on net, even though they’re not going in. Not that it matters much, since Sam is playing a whole new level of defense that isn’t even allowing the puck to make it anywhere close to Gabriel.
Castiel can feel the beginnings of a headache pushing insistently at the front of his skull. Gabriel always did this to him. “Had I known that I probably wouldn’t have taken up your offer to work here.”
The music doesn’t work. At all. He feels the lurch in his stomach when the plane launches itself into the air, and he squeezes his eyes shut in an attempt to block it out more. That doesn’t work either. He can feel every movement, every slight dip and turn on its side as the plane climbs higher and higher, and soon he’s drenched in a light sweat, his stomach rolling and his fingers aching from how hard he’s gripping to the seat.
Except sometimes Gabriel was not well suited for whatever Castiel needed, and then he ended up wanting to strangle his brother. This was one of those times.
“Thank you Sam!” Jess smiles widely at him, and Sam’s face instantly brightens in response, like a flower turning towards the sun. “I have one more appointment, but I should be there to meet you in about an hour.”
“I see,” Cas says gravely, setting the book aside. He stares at the wall for a moment, and Dean wonders if he can really be so upset when he’s still in this bed, trying hard not to follow the drop of water that dripped from Cas’ bangs and is slowly trailing down his clavicle…
Castiel rolled his eyes and tried in vain to find the price tag on the teddy bear he’s holding. “No. Perhaps I just like it here better now that I’ve settled in. Give yourself some credit, Charlie.”
Angela eyes the tube in his hand as she dumps the KYs she’s gathered up back onto the shelf. “Part of our Valentine’s Day stock. Don’t think Peter even looked at what he was ordering.”
Sam’s lips twitch. “No kidding.” Then for some reason he adds, “He was the one who told me what was going on last night.”
Sam is silent for a very, very long time, so long that Dean pulls the phone from his ear and checks to make sure that the call is still connected.  “Are you telling me,” he finally says slowly. “That you’re dating Cas and you don’t even realize it?”
Perhaps Dean had realized this. Maybe at this very moment he was regretting kissing Castiel the way he did. Castiel can’t regret it, even if Dean does, but for the first time in his life, he finds himself caring.
Cas shrugs and tosses the silver Sharpie (probably not too hard to find with the amount Gabriel has stashed around here) aside. “I like Sam’s books. And,” he adds. “You haven’t been scoring as much lately. Perhaps you need a guardian.”
Somehow he manages to find the staff room where Meg had dumped his coat. Slowly he winds his scarf around his neck, shrugs the heavy coat over his shoulders, and slides on his gloves. The sun will have gone down by now, making it at least ten degrees colder outside than it had been this afternoon. He heads down the five flights of escalators, through the fragrance department, and to the State street entranceway. The green eyed man is there, balancing on a ladder as he fixes a wreath on the window high above the door, and Castiel tries to hurry past. The man catches sight of him anyway, calling out a cheerful, “Merry Christmas, man!”
. There had been totally normal, platonic feelings, friendly feelings you have towards guy friends. But apparently Cas kisses his guy friends. Or strangers. Any guys he meets, guess all you have to do is say hello.
Dean pulls back and Castiel superstitiously runs his gloved hand over his mouth, trying not to feel too disappointed. He’s sure Dean was going to kiss him.
“My college degree helped,” he says icily. He refuses to tell Naomi where he works. He knows she won’t be pleased at all about her youngest working retail in a department store, and she’d never get off his case until he quit and agreed to work for someone else in their large family. Worse yet, she might actually turn up at the damn place, putting Gabriel in her path as well.
Hey y'all! I'm gonna be in Copenhagen this weekend with no wifi, but no fear! My friend Rachel has promised to put this weekend's chapters up for me (if I'm able to write them before I leave). Please yell at her if she needs reminding, although she's pretty fantastic and I'm sure she'll do fine.
Gordon’s face screws up in disgust and he takes a step back, shaking his head. “I thought better of you, Winchester. I figured sending those idiots after you in New York would have been enough.”
“You’re not really gonna try to fucking cook, are you?” Dean asks, even though it’s kinda hard to care about the apartment potentially being set on fire with Cas’ hand down his pants and his lips on Dean’s neck.
Dean glances back at his team. Most everyone is preoccupied with shooting, except for Sam, who’s staring straight at him with a puzzled look on his face. Dean mentally flips him off and clambers over the boards and up into the bleacher to settle next to the girl.
Dean’s on his way too when he realizes Cas is taking his sweet ass time getting his shit together, so he sighs and hangs back, waiting.
“And he believed you,” Cas hums. “Because he looks up to you. I’m sure many children look up to you.”
“No they’re not,” Cas says blankly, focusing on him. Great, now he’s got Sam’s fucking book open. That thing needed to go back to his brother, no other book had ever given Dean weird and completely fictional, never gonna happen wet dreams like that.
Dean glances at her and grabs another potato. “You don’t want to know about hockey, do you,” he says finally. “You want to know about that program.”
He can feel Dean’s eyes on him, and after a few minutes of unbearable silence he looks up. He knows Dean’s gaze hasn’t wavered, that he seems to be searching for something, Castiel has no idea what, but as Dean continues to stare and Castiel stares back, he seems to find it, because all of a sudden his lips are on Castiel’s, and Castiel is responded feverishly, almost without realizing what he’s doing, only that this feels good, and right, and fuck if Dean regretted it before, or regrets it after this, they’re doing it
“Krissy,” Dean smiles, and he actually feels relieved to hear from her. She’d crossed his mind a couple of times since he’d last seen her, but not like he could do much about it without invading her privacy. “How ya doing kid?”
They begin hanging ornaments, Dean teasing Cas over how methodically he hangs each one and Cas making a point to sigh loudly whenever he has to move one of Dean’s ornaments because he’s hung it next to one that looks exactly the same. Dean calls him OCD, Castiel calls him artistically challenged, and they end up making out in front of the half decorated tree.
They’ve opened the doors to the store and are already letting the first hundred people in, shuffling them through the long line of players and letting them talk excitedly to each one. Ash is already sitting cross legged and barefooted on top of his table, and Dean decides he doesn’t care, even if he is the one that’ll get shit for it.
“I’m not sure what you mean,” he can practically hear the confused frown through the phone. “Do you and Sam require me for something?”
They don’t talk about it being game seven. They don’t talk about how, if they win this one, they’re going to the finals. They can’t talk like that. Dean likes to think he’s not annoyingly superstitious, but this. This is important.
He wants Dean to have liked the kiss. He wants him to do It again. He doesn’t want Dean to think it was a mistake.
“I suppose you want Mr. Krushnic to be first?” Balthazar asks as he skates by, flipping a puck off the ice and into his glove. “How very welcoming of you.”
“Even you haven’t had my ass,” Dean points out. “Why the fuck would that bother you?” He pauses to take stock for a moment before grinning brightly. “Oh my god, are you jealous?”
The stalls the market seemed to favor the most were the ones that sold food, whether it be substantial meals or small little treats. These also seemed to be Dean’s favorite, as he took out his wallet at almost every one to try the different chocolates or cinnamon covered nuts.
“I have the lube,” Cas says solemnly, pushing himself up so that he’s sitting straddling Dean’s waist. Holding Dean’s gaze, he flips the lid and squirts a bit on his finger before bringing it to his mouth.
Whatever Dean expected, it definitely wasn’t that. Kid looked like he couldn’t be older than ten, and besides which, he has no idea what about him suggests that he’d be any good at giving some sort of advice on this. “That so?” Dean says carefully. “Did you ask her why?”
The elevator dings and Dean practically shoots out into the hallway. He’s not totally sure where Sam had been heading, but he needs breakfast to handle any of this, so he veers into the area where the buffet is being served, not looking to see if Sam is following him and not really caring.
“Sir,” Dean calls, not answering. The man stops carving to look up, and Dean waves at him. “Think I could buy that when you’re finished?”
He carefully avoids looking at Sam as he stomps around the Impala and yanks the driver’s side door open. What the fuck was that?
Yeah. Instead of getting excited about the pickup in hockey games, Dean Winchester is fucking freaking out over asking a guy to come stuff his face full of mashed potatoes with him with his family at his surrogate father's house.
“It said it would wait until I was truly happy,” Cas says with a humorless laugh. “I haven’t had much to be happy about.”
“More people would be cool if they watched Star Wars,” Dean tells her solemnly, pointing at her with his beer. “I know this guy, Cas—,”
“It doesn’t matter,” Cas shrugs. “We’re going to win.” He says it like it’s already happened, because that’s just how Cas thinks. He hasn’t even considered the possibility of
“You could get kicked out of the fucking league!”Dean argues angrily, digging his heels in right outside the locker room. Cas makes a noise of derision and shoves him inside, forcing Dean against the nearest wall.
“One,” Castiel tells him. Dean is so intriguing that he supposes it can’t hurt to try going on a date with him. If something really bothers him he can always decline the next time around. That is, if there is a next time around. It’s not as if this automatically means Dean is his boyfriend.
“I apologize, Ellen,” Cas says, turning to her. “This is my sister, Anna. She is an unexpected visit.”
“Can you feel the love tonight?” Gabriel croons softly in his ear in a horrible, off pitch tone. Dean hadn’t even noticed him make his way over here, which is real impressive considering the huge pads he still hasn’t taken off.
“Get dressed Sammy,” Dean calls, already heading for the door. He’d known he was going to go grab Cas the minute he woke up anyway, if only to assure himself that the guy was definitely coming. If Cas didn’t drag his ass up here, he’d be alone all day, and then Dean would have to feel guilty about it.
Dean doesn’t reply. He may be acting childish, but he’s finding it hard to care. He does not lift his foot like a fucking ballerina. And Sam pulls left because he’s never gotten used to being so freakishly huge, not for lack of skill.
He thinks he understands. Dean isn’t doing all these Christmas-y things to convert him somehow, or because he thinks Castiel should like them purely because it’s Christmas. He’s doing them because this is how Dean expresses his feelings, shows his true happiness, connects with people and shares his life without having to talk. This is how Dean spends Christmas with his family, with people he…
Dean supposes at some point during his beating Cas to a bloody pulp he realizes that Cas isn’t fighting back at all. He finds it hard to care. The Mark of Cain certainly doesn’t, and it begins pulsing to the beat of Dean’s adrenaline shot heart, with excitement, when Dean has Cas pinned to the floor, his face smeared with blood, his angel blade in Dean’s hand.
Several things happen simultaneously. Sam says, “Date?” very loudly, Gabriel lets out an annoying noise of excitement and gloating, and Castiel chokes on his pancakes, both from the surprise and from the hard slap on the back he promptly receives from his brother.
Since he’s captain, he doesn’t get away as easily as the others, isn’t even able to excuse himself when Jess drags over a flushed red Sam and invites Dean to come out with them, some of the ice girls and some other guys on the team. Dean shakes his head regretfully as he tries to listen to a reporter figure out what the rules of hockey are in his damn questions, and sends Sam a wink when Jess isn’t looking that makes him blush even harder.
So great. Dean’s become so mopey and teenage girl-like that even fucking Benny has noticed. He wonders if in all these gossips sessions the team has figured out what’s wrong with him, because he sure as fuck hasn’t.
Dean sets down his fork and leans back in his chair. He looks completely comfortable, with his legs sprawled and head tilted, like he’s on his couch at home. “You can’t hate Christmas,” he finally says.
“I would like that,” Cas replies, smiling a little. “But I came to tell you practice is canceled. Coach Singer said you would not answer your phone.”
Dean makes a noise of surprise and opens his mouth automatically, and that’s all Cas needs to tilt his head, slot their lips more carefully together.
Dean’s brain screeches to a halt at the same time as his body as he stops tying up his laces. “Lunch?” he asks blankly. “You mean like a date?”
That’s not an exaggeration. Sure it’s located on the outskirts of the city, which means it’s easy to get to and close to home, but this area of town ain’t exactly Disney World. The white brick of the ugly, square building that houses the rink is dirty and chipped, and the parking lot is full of potholes. Not to mention shady as fuck. He heard a guy got stabbed here over the summer.
Dean’s mouth twists up into something like a smile. “Oh yeah. You know Bobby? We went to live with him when I was twelve. He’s store manager, used to come in here all the time after school until his work day was done.”
“We thought maybe you two were bored in here,” Jess says earnestly, “So we decided to bring the party to you!”
“Zeke?” Castiel questions as Gabriel winds expertly through the candy and out into the wide cleared space of floor that acted as the hallway in this store.
Cas’ smile is slipping from fixed to something slightly more natural, and Dean can hear the ease in the softening of his accent when he asks, “Can I help?”
Some sort of silent conversation must take place over Castiel’s head, because Charlie immediately answers her own question, “Anyway, I gotta get home. Got episodes of
Except one side effect to all this non-thinking is that he really wasn’t hanging with Cas anymore. Not that he was making an effort to ignore him, like he had before, just…he wasn’t making an effort not to either. And that, weirdly enough, was pissing him off. Because apparently, he fucking liked hanging out with Cas.
“Damn straight,” Dean says. “I’m not pulling any punches just because you got bit by the goody two shoes bug. I beat him, he shuts up, and then everything can go back to normal.”
To be completely honest, Dean’s not sure how much longer he can keep shoving stuff like that into the Do Not Open Ever box.
Now Dean doesn’t feel like he might be sick, he actually physically might be sick. He manages not to double over with the sharp pain that just shot through his stomach, but whatever look is on his face makes Sam’s eyes widen, and he shifts as if to move towards he before stopping himself. “You did,” he continues, more firmly. “We lost a game and you…you blew up on everybody and went off to drink and have sex.”
“Yeah, I got that,” Dean replies, and to Cas’ obvious frustration he sits up, nudging Cas backwards until he’s settled kneeling over Dean’s lap with his hand held between them.
They chase off a couple of vamps and a rugaru before they let the leviathan overtake them. He’s sullen at being caught, but agrees to lead them to the blossoms over having his chest shot through with Borax.
Dean licks into her mouth, tearing his hand away from her nipple to move his way back down to the front of her panties, stroking his fingers against the fabric before pushing it to the side to feel how wet she is for him. Her legs part, and his hand cups her, his fingers brushing against her clit as the blonde tries to unzip his fly so she can reach inside and stroke him.
“Just sign it, Patrick’s cool,” Dean tells Cas, bouncing his leg a little until Patrick’s grin is facing Cas full on. Cas finally leans forward and signs quickly, his signature overlapping slightly with Dean’s because his fucking ‘C’ is like something out of a calligraphy book.
Dean has no idea what to get for Cas, or even if he should get anything for Cas. Probably, since he’s coming over now. What the hell are you supposed to get your best friend turned unwanted sex fantasy for Christmas?
“Come on,” Dean mutters, heading towards the door. The crowd of people blocking it part like the Red Sea, and Dean can’t tell if it’s because of him or Cas, because he keeps his head down. They make it outside just as it begins to rain.
“Yeah, guys who aren’t gonna get themselves kicked out of the country or killed by men twice their size because they don’t know how to fight!”
Get Cas a knock out who’ll keep him company for the night. It’ll make him feel a little less guilty, and no harm done. Not like he’s gonna find his wife somewhere in the bar.
A lot of times the girls will show up at Crowley’s before the team practices to skate together, which Dean both likes and hates. If he gets out there early enough sometimes they’ll let him join in (a couple of them are damn good hockey players) but the downside is the distraction it creates for every idiot on his team.
“Oh nah, he’s a contractor,” Charlie says, waving a hand around the food court. It, like everywhere else in the department store, is bedecked with trees and garland and lights. “All the Christmas stuff you see? That’s him. He builds the window displays all on his own too.”
“Win a game of Rock, Paper, Scissors for once in your life and you can pick her for your team.” Sam shoots back before disappearing.
Dean stares at his little brother, the kid he’d practically raised from birth, and all he sees is the deepest form of betrayal possible, because Sam’s not coming with him, and nothing else matters.
“Sure you could,” Dean nods, “But could the American public handle your ugly without the clothes to disguise it?”
He’s dressed in a thermal and sweatpants before eight, and after stuffing on a pair of gloves and a skull cap over his messy dark hair, he’s out the door. Running has always done wonders to release the tension in his body, and today is no different, his anger and frustration over his entire situation melting away with each mile.
“I was a little unhappy because I knew I would have to speak with you,” Cas says seriously. There’s a loud round of laughter, and Dean knows they think Cas is joking.
“I mean, he really likes you, don’t get me wrong,” Sam is quick to say. “He talks about you all the time, and I seriously have never seen him so excited for a date. It just kind of sucks that it has to be Christmas time.”
He wonders why Cas cares so much as he searches his face, running his eyes over the stubborn set of his jaw before nodding slowly. Then Cas blinks and he mentally shakes himself.
There are whispers, traveling swiftly through the trees of Purgatory and among their kind. The angel was captured, and he was being taken to Mother.
Bobby ends up pulling Ash up to play with him and Benny, which surprisingly works out alright for them. They don’t win as much as Dean thinks they would have if Cas were healthy, but they don’t sink, and they’re definitely managing to make their way through the month relatively unscathed. The deeper into the season they get, the more important games get, as they get closer and closer to things like the trade deadline and the playoffs.
At a stall selling chocolate products he makes a truly obscene sound after biting into his treat. “Cas,” he groans, “you gotta try this.”
Not normal thoughts you should be having about someone who is slowly and surely becoming something like a best friend.
That morning, he managed to drink four cups of coffee, clean his bathroom and scrub the kitchen floor. When noon rolled around and Dean still hadn’t called, he choked down a sandwich for lunch, took out the trash and cleaned the hard drive on his laptop.
He grins in return. “Guess it’s kind of ingrained in me. This breaking the magic deal is the kind of thing that would kill my brother.”
“Nothing,” Dean shakes his head. Cas, thank god, isn’t like Sam. He drops it, even though Dean can tell he’s still thinking about it, thinking Dean’s upset, when they hail a cab and climb in.
Bastard knows all he wants is to know more too. Fuck Dick Wolf for teaching him ambiguity. “Alright, so what do you wanna know? Tragic back story? Sobbing over my parents? Maybe throw in some child abandonment for flavor?”
The league must have dropped him, after the shit he pulled. The punches he threw because of Dean, the mess Dean caused. And now Cas was going to have to leave, go back to a country where nobody cared about him and Dean would never see him again.
The pediatrics ward is easy to find. Where the rest of the hospital if offensively white, the walls here are bright cheerful colors, and before Dean knows it, they’re standing at the nurse's station. He’s not sure how to do this. He’s never visited a kid at the hospital before, not without the rest of the team.
Luckily, if it’s just a few things they need, the small convenience store in town is more than enough.
Dean can’t imagine his life without hockey. He’d been raised in it, starting from the age of five where John immediately signed him up for a peewee league. He’d taken that route hockey players do, from four am practices before school to an eventual scholarship at some typically hockey famous college to his draft, his fast catapult through the American Hockey League to his call up to the big leagues, to the NHL. Sammy had done almost exactly the same, except both of them had had the added bonus of a famous hockey player for a dad, of hanging out with the big names and meeting true champions. He’s not sure if it’s because he’s never known anything else, or because maybe it makes him feel closer to mom or what, but Dean just loves the goddamned game.
Dean’s caught just enough unawares that he stops pushing for a split second, but that split second is just long enough for Cas to make his final shove, and with no resistance they both go sprawling onto the ice, Cas landing on top of Dean and causing all the air to rush out of his lungs in a loud “oof!”
He doesn’t think he’ll have to worry about it again, though. They were both angry, and Dean’s pretty sure it was a mistake. He’ll remember it, but it was a mistake.
The horn sounds, signaling they need to get back to the locker room before returning to the ice for the Anthem, and as Dean skates over to the door he thinks he knows what it is. Including Victor, Winnipeg is a team that has a lot of their old players – almost feels like they’re playing a pick up game with friends.
The row of shelves have finally ended, opening up to a large workspace practically bursting at the seams with what Castiel can only assume are Dean’s works in progress. A half built snowman rests closest to him, arm beside it’s bottom on the floor drapes of red and green fabric spill out of a large crate just behind it. Towards the center of the room is a large workbench littered in tools and other complicated looking pieces of machinery Castiel couldn’t even begin to try to put a name to, several Christmas trees made of metal resting next to the workbench at varying heights, each in a different stage of having lights screwed into them.
“Because the stupid boy is evading my calls, and for some reason I can’t seem to locate his home address. I have no way of telling him what time to arrive at the house Christmas Eve.”
Along the way, Gabriel gets distracted by at least two Portillo’s, but refuses to yield when Castiel suggests in vain they eat there instead of the food court of Macy’s. “No way, Cassie. I want to meet this young man of yours.”
He doesn’t see Carver or Edlund all through practice, but that doesn’t mean they’re not watching. Everyone definitely acts like they are. Dean feels like he’s traveled back seven years and he’s in camp all over again, trying to do shit that makes him stand out from all the other guys who play the game just as good as he does. At least it makes for a productive practice.
They keep that one goal lead the rest of the period, the only real excitement coming in the final minute when Gabriel saves yet another shot made by Zachariah. He must have said something antagonizing as usual, because within seconds Zachariah is in his face. Dean immediately steps in the middle of them to protect his goalie, yelling threats right back into Zachariah’s face, and quickly finds himself in headlock, which is about the furthest thing from okay Dean can think of. “Fuck off,” he growls, managing to elbow whoever has him in the stomach just as the refs appear. They drag Michael off of him, because of course it’s Michael, who would never miss the chance to shove his hard on in Dean’s face. The ref pushes him off the ice too, and the period finishes off relatively quickly.
This prompts a round of catcalls and more insults, which Dean ignores. “You’re all missing the fucking point,” he snaps. “Victor, one of the best guys on the team, a guy that’s been here almost longer than anyone, is gonna get replaced by some naïve kid whose gonna need
Except, Dean’s pretty sure, Cas usually tries Sam after Dean doesn’t answer. Or because what he has to say is for Sam specifically, like that time he called to tell Sam he’d run into a Stanford alum and had spent several minutes trapped in a conversation about bears and cardinals and “can you tell me why the animals in California are so hostile, Sam?”
“No you don’t,” Dean says quickly, twisting around to face the field again, just in time to watch Schwarber drop an easy flyball to center. “We’re never winning the World Series,” he groans quietly.
“All of it Sam! Jesus,” Dean hisses and runs a hand through his hair. “You think any of this is normal?”
He’d forgotten about the accent too. And the eyes. They’re even bluer without his visor shadowing them, the kind of ridiculous blue you only find in a clear sky.
He opens the door to his room and steps into the hallway, the lighting confirming that it must be night, although it doesn’t feel that late. Dean frowns when he hears the quiet murmur of his TV from the family room, and instead of heading into the kitchen, he sticks his head in to thank Sam, or at least throw a pillow at him and tell him to go the fuck home.
“I am asleep,” Dean mutters. The surface beneath him shifts, and Dean’s mind blearily realizes he’s somehow migrated so that his face is in Cas’ lap before its cruelly taken away from him. He thinks he whines. He’s not proud of it.
Dean takes a large gulp of caffeine with his eyes closed, savoring the small jolt of recognition his body feels. “Why the hell are you up before me?” he asks, keeping his eyes closed. “The world ending or something’?”
“More like rallying the troops,” Gabriel grins before shoving a large forkful of mashed potatoes into his mouth. Castiel doesn’t know what that means, and he manages to get several seconds of blissful, silent eating time out of his lack of answer before Gabriel is speaking again. He’s apparently decided food in his mouth is not an issue. “So, word on the lower level is that you’ve got a problem with a certain Winchester.”
Jacob turns around to look at Cas and Cas, with his freaky mind reading powers, looks up at the same moment to shoot Dean and inquisitive squint. “You’re boyfriends?”
already all over Cas’ hand, and he seemed into it, and…geez, if Dean was being totally honest with himself (which he can be, here in his own brain, fuck off preconceived notions of gender), the glitter did make a really nice contrast, sparkling gently on Cas’ broad, tanned fingers. No doubt it would look even better slicked over his dick. And rimming Dean’s asshole.
Through his absolute rage, Dean can’t help but feel a tiny bit of admiration. Because that was…it was bad ass. Guy has balls of steel. He’s disgusted with himself for it, but he’s a little impressed. And a little something else he can’t put a name to. Standing up abruptly, he points the stick at Castiel.
The You Can Play Program is the real deal, as is the story of the founders. Unfortunately, the NHL still has not had any known LBGTQ members, despite the league's insistence that they are more than ready for them.
Castiel stares at Sam, processing this. He understands Dean has an unnatural love for all things Christmas, a deeper and more pure kind of love than you see from people who claim it’s their favorite time of year. He just hadn’t understood how important it was. “Sam,” he says quietly, “if you think I’m going to burst your brother’s bubble, I’m not.”
They’ve had visits like this before, from people who are down on their luck in life and consider hockey and the team one of the happiest things about it. The kids are especially great, in their brand new ill fitting jerseys and wide eyed excitement at every single thing they see.
Without him noticing, Dean had managed to herd him out of Toyland and into the main department store once again. “Am I keeping you from work?” he asks over his shoulder.
“Remember those kids from the Make A Wish? Krissy was just in surgery. No clue where her dad is, thought I’d pay her a visit. Want me to pick up dinner?”
“That’s a load of horseshit and you know it, Winchester. Krushnic is part of the team now and ain’t nobody okay with him because their captain is being a jackass.” Bobby glares at him. “Now you’re gonna get on that bus, and you’re gonna be thankful I’m fixing the problem for you idiots instead of lettin’ ya go on with that awkward-as-hell play all of you have been calling hockey.”
,” Cas growls petulantly, his hips bucking from where they’re bracketed between Dean’s legs. He’s already fully erect, and Dean groans as Cas’ cock brushes against his own.
“Oh, how nice for you, Zachy,” Gabriel speaks up. “It’s your special night when the captain actually speaks to you, isn’t it? Don’t let us interrupt the ass kissing.”
Dean stares at Gabriel, and Gabriel stares back. Lots of guys on the team have been hurt before, a lot more serious than Cas. Most of the team will visit them in the hospital, but not all together. Yet here there are now, waiting to hear about Cas and his first NHL injury.
“Hi,” Dean clears his throat, and the silence in the room is almost deafening. “So uh, I’m Dean Winchester. I’m the Captain of the Chicago Cavalry, 2015 Stanley cup Champions.” Someone cheers and he smiles slightly. He can do this.
Dean moans, the sound swallowed by Cas as he tilts his head, grip hard and unyielding on Dean’s hip as he used his other hand to start fumbling at Dean’s underwear. Dean is hard and heavy, his normally comfortable cup digging painfully into his erection. He knows Cas must be the same, so he tears away again, doing his best to ignore how Cas switches his attention to the nape of Dean’s neck as he does his best to get rid of their jockstraps.
“I know,” he lifts an eyebrow, studying Dean, cursing his next words almost as soon as they leave his mouth. “But honestly Dean, I think this would be much more enjoyable in front of our tree.”
“Kind of stuck up?” Dean asks incredulously. “If he thought he was any better than us we’d be worshiping him as one of the goddamned hockey gods.”
Dean’s eyes have adjusted and he can see Cas clearly now. His hair is mussed like he’s been running a hand through it all night, slightly damp with the sweat of living among so many people for the past few hours, and his eyes are wider than usual, probably from all the alcohol.
Cas looks puzzled, like he’s trying to figure something out. Dean can actually see the wheels in his head turning, and he’s trying to decide what about that sentence Cas needs translated this time (no man, my brains aren’t
“Yes,” Cas growls, his hand alternating between short jerks and long strokes that has Dean panting, pushing closer and closer to Cas.
“My birthday.” Dean feels like he’s in a bubble, not even really connected to the rest of the world as he watches Cas’ mouth turn up in a slight smile.
“Right, the yearning sure,” now he sounds too flippant, and he tries to soften his tone. “I had more to say.”
Despite the game being well into the sixth inning, the concourse surrounding the field is still crowded with fans in white and blue grabbing beers and overpriced keychains. The concession stand at the foot of the stairs has multiple lines about ten people deep, and Dean has to ignore niceties and push through the crowd to situate himself and Cas where he thinks the end of one of the lines is.
Dean knows where he’s going with this, and he reaches up to clasp Cas’ wrists. “Still not outing myself, man. Especially not during the playoffs.”
Dean’s not proud of it, but he spends a lot of time running away from Cas. Leaving before Cas can leave him. It’s not like he has his wings anymore and can disappear while Dean is mid-sentence like he used to, but some habits are hard to break. Dean just expects everyone to ditch him anyway, and Cas has never done much to prove otherwise.
“Jesus Sam, shut up, would ya? For the last time, I don’t watch Dr. Sexy, it was just on after Shark Tank and I couldn’t find the remote, alright?”
Both of them turn to look at Krissy, Dean with complete surprise and Cas with this kind of disinterested politeness. “Yes.”
Dean has almost forgotten this footnote in their history, has not blamed Cas for anything that had happened back then since the night he appeared, filthy and dejected, in his and Sam’s motel room, spit out of Purgatory.
A customer nearby sends them a horrified look and Gabriel bursts into laughter, stopping at the red mailbox that stood proudly at the entrance of the store and leaning over it to smile beatifically up at Cas, who could feel his cheeks warming with embarrassment. “And that’s why you got that particular gift,” Gabriel raises an eyebrow. “You need to lighten up.”
“Oh yeah, all the time,” Dean nods. “And it’s a Thursday afternoon. Sammy and I used to come on weekends because those were the only days Bobby could get off, and it was even worse then. We were lucky we were tall kids.”
Lucifer looks down at the stain of blood slowly seeping across the chest of Cas’ white dress shirt with an annoyed expression. “Rude,” he admonishes.
“I brought you,” Dean says without thinking, mentally cursing himself and quickly adding, “You’re kind of like a girl.”
“He actually did well at interrogation,” Sam continues, completely ignoring the fact that Dean definitely didn’t want to talk about this. “But his style was kind of…do you remember those old black and white movies dad liked to watch?”
Dean takes a swing and Benny hauls him back even further with the help of one of the refs who is now attempting to settle Dean down by putting him in a headlock. Between the ref’s arms Dean can make out Victor, yelling at his defenseman, and a shaken looking Cas, who is clambering slowly to his feet with his left arm held at an awkward angle.
Dean tells himself it’s Cas’ naiveté that’s pissing him off. His refusal to believe the clear threat Kelly Kline’s child poses to the world. But in moments of solitude, he can admit that it’s jealousy.
Dean’s not totally sure, where the shift was, or if that was it, but suddenly, the game is getting way more aggressive, faster and harder. Chuck draws a penalty late in the first when he gets a stick to the knees that sends him sprawling halfway across the ice, but even with Cas shooting every time the puck comes into contact with his stick, and despite the extra player on the ice from the penalty, the first period ends with the score still tied at zero.
Christkindlmarket isn’t actually too far from the store, and even in typical Chicago traffic Dean is able to make it there relatively quickly, parking the Impala in a nearby parking garage before heading out onto the streets with Cas by his side. He’s never actually been to the market before, for obvious reasons, and he’s surprised to see that it is actually market, in a very European sense. He knows from passing by it in the summer that the area they’re in is usually quite big and open, but today it’s crammed with rows and rows of tiny little wooden huts, and what seems like thousands upon thousands of people.
“Sam Winchester is the next Wayne Gretzky and the Stanley Cup should be named after him,” Dean says loudly, scowling.
“Cas,” Dean says solemnly. “If we ever break up, it’ll be because you insulted Cap after barely a week of dating.”
When Jo continues to not say something, he begins to grow suspicious. Jo’s not annoyingly chatty like some women he’s known, but she’s never passed up the opportunity to be nosy or pushy, and ignoring a situation in which she could be both is more than a little strange to him. For a second, he’s able to pull his head away from his own problems. “What’s up with you?”
Then Cas is filling him, and Dean swears. “C’mon baby,” he says, lifting himself up a little. “C’mon Cas, you gotta help me, I need you to help me.”
Krushnic’s listening intently, and now he frowns. “I don’t know what to talk about,” he says in frustration. “I do not think I share any experiences with you.”
“That was almost touching,” Sam smirks at him and digs into the grocery bag for the beer. “Is this mood what made you go skipping through a field to pick daisies for Cas?”
Dean’s eyes soften as Sam happily pulls out his phone and taps the screen before passing it to Castiel. The picture is of a large, boxy looking car wrapped in red and white striped wrapping paper with a huge green bow on top. The whole thing looks meticulously done, with everything covered but the wheels. Sam reaches over to swipe the screen again, the next picture of a now unwrapped sleek looking black car, wrapping paper strewn about and Dean with a very annoyed expression on his face.
“If that were the case I sincerely doubt I would enjoy being here with you,” Cas replies, and promptly throws another gutter ball.
As they get closer and closer to the hospital though, it’s pretty clear Cas’ freak out is way more imminent. Dean swears every stoplight has Cas’ shoulders drawing closer together, until the guy is practically curled up on himself.
“What are you doing?” Castiel asks, tilting his head back to look at the tree. So far the people sitting at the tables nearest are ignoring them, for which Castiel is grateful. He feels foolish, standing beside Dean while he sits above him on the platform.
Cas glances at Dean like he’s waiting for his cue to laugh, but Dean is distracted by the dark hair curling right behind his ear and only gives a distracted, “Yeah.”
Sam doesn’t get a chance to answer as most of the girls are now off the ice, and Jess and Lisa are heading towards them, both laughing. Lisa is one of Dean’s favorites. She has a mean fucking slap shot.
“What?” Dean raises his eyebrows at his darkened room. Where there is no one here to appreciate his expressions. Great, he’s going insane. Stop talking to yourself. He kicks the sheets off, and Chekov whines. Shit, when did the dog follow him in here? “You can’t do that. It’s their day off.”
“I think I can take it from here, Agent Butler, Agent Ward,” Cas interrupts smoothly, and Jesus, he’s still got that fucking voice going, gravelly and clipped and tinged with impatience. “Ms. Contrarez, you told the fire investigator that you had been hearing Lucifer in your head for several days prior to the fire.”
The young woman Castiel is taking care of is giggling, a wide smile on her face as she watches Dean and pays absolutely no attention to what Castiel is doing (checking out the twenty or so stuffed animals she’s brought up to the counter and trying to stuff them all into a minimal amount of bags)
Someone managed to wrestle him into pajama pants and long sleeved tee. Dean wonders if it was Sam – it would explain why the dog isn’t currently trying to make his day even harder.
“You’re not wrong there, brother,” Benny nods sagely. “But I get the feeling I don’t get the same VIP experience as Cas anymore.”
“I wasn’t planning on being late, Sammy,” Dean says, smiling sheepishly at Castiel. “So, uh, guess you met my Uncle Bobby and my brother Sam. Were they behaving?”
Dean shoots him a funny look but leans over slightly, fiddling with the dash until ‘Carols of the Bells’ begins to emit softly through the speakers.
“Is your soul…” Cas trails off, looking away from the scene and frowning at Dean almost critically. Dean freezes under the scrutiny, like that will somehow make it easier for Cas to see, less likely for him to say what Dean’s afraid he’ll say.
Bobby had ordered them to rest before they had to head up to Minnesota, and they get a good solid week of a mixture of that and practice. This first day though, is all theirs, and Dean is taking full advantage of it by not getting the fuck up from his couch.
“I don’t have all day, Ms. Contrarez,” Cas says quietly, voice low. “I don’t believe you’re an unintelligent young woman. So tell me again. Did you start that fire yourself?”
“What?” Dean asks, because usually Cas can’t get enough of the tables turning, of Dean finally allowing himself to be the needy mess he otherwise keeps tightly in check.
They help Eileen finish the case, and they say their goodbyes. Mildred’s parting words echo in his head for days.
Prosecution doesn’t sound good. Sam must interpret the look on his face. “There are serious laws about being a homosexual in Russia, Dean.”
“Dean!” Cas says it like the air has been punched out of him, and before he knows it he’s being pulled off Cas. Before he can complain, before he can beg to go back, to finish, to taste him, Cas’ lips are on his, messily working his own open and entangling their tongues. Cas seems to love the taste of himself, and Dean can’t believe how turned on he is by Cas’ frenzied movements. He feels Cas take his own dick in his hand and pushes against him, nudges against Cas’ wet warm cock until Cas is forced to take it in his hand too. They’re pushing together, pulling, kissing, creating a friction that’s better than anything Dean has ever felt in his life before Cas is coming, and Dean isn’t too far behind, spurts of come shooting onto Cas’ hand again and their legs.
Dean frowns slightly, struggling to understand. Basically what he got out of that is that Cas definitely isn’t having as much fun as he is with the whole ‘get naked’ deal, which makes it even harder to figure out why the hell Cas is doing it in the first place.
“Cool it,” Ellen says, instantly shutting both of them up. “Now I heard he’s from Russia. I sure as hell hope you’re being nice to the poor boy, he’s probably scared out of his damn mind, being here.”
“Well,” Dean clears his throat, trying to get his voice back to normal. It still sounds rough, like he’s got a cold. “They were fightin’ gangsters. Gotta bring out the big guns.”
Dean was having a surprising amount of fun with Benny and Kevin, considering the weird combination the two of them make. Dean almost split his sides laughing when they began arguing about the Pirates of the Caribbean in line for the ride, Benny calling the pirates a bunch of bad ass motherfuckers and Kevin insisting that Jack Sparrow’s yearly piratical intake would not have supported a crew. However he really should find some other members of his team, since Bobby has declared him babysitter.
So Dean flips on the safety and drops the gun, and does what he wishes he’d been strong enough to keep doing in Hell.
“Yeah man, that’s awesome,” Dean tells him, finally feeling completely relaxed as he falls back onto the bed. Cas announces he’s taking a shower and Dean’s not interested at all. He’s the opposite of interested, thank god. Yawning, he picks up Sam’s book from where it lays on the bed beside his head.
Dean’s going to protest, but Cas has got that look in his eye that always preemptively warns Dean to shut up, so he does, doesn’t even point out Cas hasn’t touched his fifteen dollar Budweiser as he lets himself be led down the concourse.
of dirty hotdog water and chomping down on a bun soaked through by the Bud Light of the guy behind you who’d jumped up to scream at the ump when he notices the two girls who had gotten in line behind him out of the corner of his eye. They’re fidgeting and whispering, eying his and Cas’ clasped hands. One of them seems more adamant than the other and keeps elbowing the girl at her side as punctuation to her whispers.
It’s hard to navigate because of all the couples, and from what Dean can tell he’s pretty sure his paying more attention to his feet then to what’s in front of him is why he gets slammed back into the wall.
The family Christmas party is what he dreads most of all. Each year, his family seems to find it desirable that everyone should get together – usually in a church basement – to gossip and one up each other and tell Castiel how frankly disappointing he’d turned out to be. Castiel’s whole extended family was included, and it was not an event that made him look particularly fondly to the upcoming weeks ahead.
“Who says I did?” Castiel asks stiffly, stuffing his hand into his glove with more force than is strictly needed.
Sam rolls his eyes and Kevin grins at him. “You’re whatever you want to be, Dean. You just like Cas.”
“Yeah?” Dean doesn’t smile, but his face lights up, and suddenly his face is inches from Castiel’s. “I’m not forcing you into the Christmas spirit or anything, am I Cas?”
“Hey Cas,” Dean says, eyes dropping to the towel still clenched loosely in his fist. “Not interrupting anything, am I?”
“I believe we will begin to feel more comfortable on the ice,” Cas replies, watching Dean’s form closely as he knocks down the final cat. “I do not understand your need to connect with your teammates off the ice. As long as our hockey works well together, it will be fine.”
Chekov runs straight for the kitchen and his water bowl the second Dean unclips his leash, and Dean follows, leaving Krushnic to admire his family room. The clock on the coffee machine says it’s only eight in the morning, and he seriously considers just going to bed for the rest of the day as he puts the pot on.
“ESPN says he’s never played a season where he didn’t reach sixty points,” Chuck says, the awe clear in his voice. “They think he’ll be up for rookie of the year.”
Dean nods. He understands. “That’s why I loved him,” he says, very quietly, so quietly he’s not sure he says it at all.
Dean feels Cas physically start under his arm and he clenches it around his neck, continuing to pull Cas with him. “Leave it,” he barks. He’s probably not too gentle. Now that the initial adrenaline from the fight has worn off, his head is really aching, and he finds himself pissed beyond belief at Cas.
Dean thinks he was in denial. He thinks he still has a lot of denial to work through. He understands Cas perfectly.
Cas’ nostrils flare and his eyes flash. He’s clearly peeved off too, which only serves to make Dean madder, because what the hell does
Dean ignores him and pulls out his skillet. “So you tell me about your Christmas, Cas,” he says conversationally. “And then I can tell you what goes on here.”
“Yeah, you said the size of the Enterprise didn’t matter, because if there was a guy like Cas on board the Falcon he’d just silently beat everyone into submission with his stubbornness and death glare. But he sounds like Spock to me, which means the Enterprise wins.”
“Yeah,” Gabriel nods solemnly. “Dean,” he says gravely, clearing his throat importantly. “Do you promise to make Castiel the happiest man alive by fucking him within an inch of his uptight ass’s life?”
“I don’t like her,” he announces. He’s not sure he’s saying it to anyone in particular, just knows he wants to say it, but Cas scowls darkly at him.
“No,” he says simply, holding open the door to the staff room and following Charlie inside. He carefully does up the buttons of his coat, going through the same tiresome routine of bundling up that he goes through every day. The cold makes him so exhausted. He could move south to escape it, but he can’t imagine leaving Chicago.
Cas turns slightly to stare at him, his nose only inches from Dean’s, and Dean raises an eyebrow. Challenging. Hell, this might all be worth it just to see if Cas even knows how to flirt.
Hauling around the massive amount of laundry the team goes through ain’t no easy task, so Bobby at least lets them out of practice early so they can get to the stadium and get through all the uniforms used in the game the day before. Dean’s busy trying to stuff all of the red jerseys into the industrial sized washer when Cas appears, dragging a huge cloth bag behind him.
Dean doesn’t think Cas has said more than ten words to him. He’s not used to the angel not being constantly over his shoulder, reassuringly in sight. He doesn’t know what to think about it, what to do.
“Yeah, keep being assholes,” Dean grumbles, standing up and dumping his and Cas’ plate in the sink. “Cas is my friend. You two act like I never did shit with you when you were new to the team.”
He tries not to think about that kiss and how much he wants to do it again. He definitely stops short of trying to figure out what it means. Sure Cas had said it was a normal thing, and so had Sam but Dean’s not stupid. Cas kissed him.
“Three games,” he agrees, like this explains everything. And it should, except Dean is an idiot, and instead of being relieved that Cas isn’t being kicked back to the motherland, never to be heard from again, he snaps, “I got you suspended for
The entire team watches dumbly as he skates off the ice, except for Gabriel, who shouts sarcastically, “Thanks for the permission!”
Looking him over, Dean can tell he should be a good player just from the ways he’s built. He’s only about an inch shorter than Dean, with shoulders slightly broader than his waist that suggest he’s used to pushing people around. It’s also obvious from the goal he just scored that he had some serious stick handling skills, and was probably fast on his skates as well.
Dean pats his leg comfortingly, turning his head onto his arm in order to prop it up a little and see the TV. The narrator is droning on about pollination, and Dean feels his eyes growing heavy, exhaustion from the flight finally catching up to him
Usually Gabriel is able to inflict his special brand of humor on Castiel at least once an hour, and that’s with him living halfway across the city. Castiel thinks he should probably be more suspicious that they’ve been working in the same place for two days now and Gabriel hasn’t come to bother him once.
Cas is different after that, and Dean struggles to figure out what he did wrong. The subtle touches gradually taper off again. He finds it hard to get Cas in a room alone, without Sam or Jack there. He’s never around if Dean gets the urge to fire up a Spaghetti Western. If they do happen to be part of the same conversation together, Cas barely waits for him to finish speaking before he starts up his own sentence, or he looks zoned out, like he’s not listening to Dean at all.
Dean lasts two weeks. Two weeks of standing rigidly at the kitchen sink, washing dishes while Cas dried, constantly brushing arms. Two weeks of Cas smiling in that way he did whenever Dean made a stupid joke. Two weeks of an extra plate on the counter, of a trench coat hanging next to his own leather jacket.
. And to not show up again until practically the last minute of one of the most important games of the season.
“Mostly because I started decorating some of the women’s department with sugar plum fairies,” Dean says.
Dean shrugs and starts to gather up all the sweets and shit Charlie and Jo had brought, popping a piece of candy cane in his mouth. He’s got everything in neat piles in a few minutes, and Cas still hasn’t looked up from piping his blue shirt.
“Know what?” Dean says, using the bar to push himself off his stool. He’s taller than Cas. He’s not sure how he forgot that. “Doesn’t matter anyways. You dunno what to do.”
“How the fuck are you doing that?” Dean demands, jabbing a finger at the A button on the controller in his hands.
The guys, in various states of undress, all look to Dean, who stares back before saying slowly, “Think Victor’s singing the same tune?”
He hears a filthy pop as Cas pulls completely off his cock, and Dean swears he doesn’t whine when cool air hits his exposed skin. “Dean,” Cas growls, hint of accent stronger than it’s been in months, “Stop screwing around and fuck my mouth.”
Dean says something very rude in Russian in response, which has Cas smiling softly at him even though Sam’s giant body has practically slid off his seat from laughing so hard, so Dean can’t really call it a loss. In all honesty, he doesn’t think he has learned as much Russian as he should have for Cas, but Cas is patient, and too good for Dean, and seems delighted over every stumbling sentence he utters and every sloppy, Kindergarten-level note he writes in Cyrillic.
“Two things,” Dean answers, holding up two of his fingers. He holds out the Starbucks cup. “This is for you.”
“Little bro!” Castiel hears Gabriel call, and he’s barely able to rip his gaze away from the Christmas tree made up completely of green Frango mint boxes in time to see Gabriel lunge at him for a hug. “I thought you’d forgotten all about the little people.”
Dean makes it back to his high-rise apartment building only wheezing a little, but hating Sam a lot. He mutters threats to his absent brother as he feeds Chekov his treat, letting the dog thoroughly coat his hand in slobber before petting his head. Nobody else is in the lobby this early in the morning on a Sunday, because nobody else in here has had a psycho-fitness dog forced onto them by their brother, so he wraps Chekov’s leash loosely around a table leg so he can go look at his mail. “Sit,” he tells the dog firmly, and Chekov promptly does, panting eagerly at Dean.
Cas looks at him and if possible his eyes narrow more. Dean’s about to ask him what the fuck he’s staring at when, to his surprise, Cas reaches up and brushes a finger over the cut of Dean’s cheekbone, once, twice.
“They were actually questioning him about those,” Sam continues. “But they found drugs in his system.”
“Jesus, Cas,” he gasps, breaking away. He fucking forgets how strong Cas is. Cas seems unbothered by Dean’s surprise, trailing his mouth along the line of his jaw instead, to the sensitive part of his neck just behind his ear.
Cas offers him a hesitant smile. “That does sound very cool,” he nods. The word is unfamiliar on his tongue, more foreign than usual, but Dean likes it, because Cas said it for him. The giant washer behind him buzzes to announce it’s finished its cycle, but for some reason he doesn’t move to get up, instead choosing to stay sitting in Cas’ presence.
Dean’s mouth twists. “No bitch, I mean it’s not weird for you that Cas and I are…I mean – shit, Sammy, I basically just fucking came out to you or somethin’.”
“Just…” Dean fishes for something to say, for some reason his lips not wanting to form the word no. “Just my jersey. Then I’m good.”
“So what,” Dean lowers his voice and leans forward, tilting his head and forcing Cas to look at him. He does so, reluctantly, lip still jutted out in a way that makes Dean want to associate the word ‘adorable’ with a one hundred and ninety pound man. “First you don’t think I’m attractive, now this chick? Who you waitin’ for, Audrey Hepburn?”
“It’s not hard,” Jess cajoles. “Seeing what little things you get and trying to figure out who it is is so much fun! We always did really enjoyed it at my old job.”
Castiel ends up winning. Amidst Dean’s grumbles of how unfair this is (Castiel points out that Dean had a head start, to which he has no response, but it does cause him to stop grumbling in order to pout for a few minutes) they end up choosing much more than just a shitload of ornaments. Castiel picks out multiple colored bulbs, some ornate looking colored glass, and when Dean complains he’s being boring, he throws in an entire box of blue ornaments just to spite him. In retaliation, Dean somehow manages to find a collection of Disney princess ornaments, along with some snowflakes, some beautiful glass icicles and a series of bulbs with winter scenes painted on to their sides. He also manages to grab some silver garland and a box of candycanes, even though Cas protests that it will overcrowd the tree.
Dean should ask him that story sometime. Not that he’s overly interested in the religious crap, but Cas is. And uh, Dean likes listening to his stories. It’s not hard to miss the way Cas’ face lights up when he asks about his past as an angel either, like he can’t fathom someone being interested in what he has to say about himself.
He’s yanked to his feet almost immediately, and he doesn’t even need to look to know it’s Cas slinging Dean’s arm around his shoulder. “GET HIM OFF THE ICE,” Dean hears Bobby yelling at the top of his lungs from the bench, and he’s not really sure who he means but he takes it as his responsibility to get Cas into the locker room before he fucking gets kicked out of the NHL for good.
Turns out Michael knows how to trap God, and Rowena isn’t suffering in Hell as much as they’d thought she was.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Hannah says. “Please let me know if there is anything I can do to make you more comfortable. If you decide you need to sit next to Mr. Winchester, I can always move.”
“Aw, sorry Cassie. Did your Scrooge need a partner? I do a mean Grinch,” he scrunches up his face and rubs his hands together, “I must stop Christmas from coming! But how?”
“I dunno,” Dean frowns, starting to get annoyed. “Something with his wrist. You’re going to go in to see him, right? He’d probably like that.”
Dean chuckles slightly. “Dude, I don’t pretend to understand why Sammy’s got his panties in a twist at any given time. Think he might be upset about you though.”
“Okay,” Sam snorts. “Or Jensen’s too wrapped up in himself to admit that he might love a guy. I mean, the way the books are written, God, it’s like they make a point to describe how close they’re standing and how they can’t stop looking at each other.”
Dean lets out a choked laugh, because how can he have missed this so much after only just a day. But he does. And then Cas is hugging him to his chest, and Dean is fucking not gonna cry because he’s not a fucking pansy.
Castiel tries and fails to imagine a grumpy Dean. Charlie smiles at him like she knows exactly what he’s thinking. “Yeah, wonder why, huh? It’s like you make him happy or something.”
That snaps Cas out of wherever he was, and then he’s helping Dean lift himself up and slam back down, until they’ve got a good rhythm going. Dean’s desperately trying to find that place Cas got with his fingers before, chasing his orgasm, muttering, “Cas, Cas, faster Cas, you can do it,” as Cas says a couple of words in Russian that Dean doesn’t understand. Then Cas lifts him up again, and this time when Dean comes back down he feels a jolt, like an electrical current, running through his body, and he thinks he yells, “fucking
Right. So date. Dean can already feel the slow sluggish trail of jealousy winding through his body and wrapping around his brain, even though he doubts he was the first and certainly shouldn’t have expected to be the last person to go grab a fucking bite to eat with Cas. Chill out Winchester, it was only one date. That won’t stop the guy from fooling around with you if he wants to.
He’s as cold to Cas as possible during the case. He doesn’t care if Cas goes down to Hell and doesn’t come back. He doesn’t care if Cas is sorry Mary is dead. He doesn’t care Jack is gone, and Cas is hurting. None of this matters, none of this is real.
“Dean!” Cas shouts, and Dean rockets to his feet, useless pistol back in hand. Cas is bleeding from a huge cut in his forehead, with another gash on his palm and slashed across his collarbone. The Empty doesn’t look like Billie anymore. It reminds Dean of the Leviathan, but slicker, oily, more like a black hole than a dark mass. Cas is grabbing hold of parts of it and flashing it with his grace, but the flashes aren’t that strong and for every arm that recoils another appears to wrap around him.
To his frustration, Krushnic scores each time, no matter how hard he wills Gabriel to just save the damn puck already. If he didn’t know better, he’d say Gabriel was missing on purpose, but Gabriel actually does have a lot of pride in his goaltending, and Dean can’t see him throwing that on the off chance that Dean would be pissed about it.
The garland and candycanes are added through another cup of hot chocolate, and suddenly Castiel finds himself settled on to his couch next to Dean, the only light to see by the lights in the tree, since Dean had insisted that the view was better in the dark.
“Perhaps a little, but he said he was fine,” Castiel says, starting to feel alarmed. “Was he not fine? Sam, what’s wrong?”
Dean hugs Castiel hello under the neon lit cross of a 24/7 chapel. They’re in a filthy alley bordered by a chain-link fence that is housing probably the only working pay phone left in America. Dean has never been happier in his life.
“You know me, always in the business of making our dear Meg’s life as pleasing as possible,” Crowley replies, his eyes flitting slowly over Castiel. “Who’s this then?”
“No, sorry buddy. I’m crap at remembering.” Dean forces out a laugh as his last line of defense. Of course he remembers the fucking voice. He’s got nowhere to fucking go, with the car at his back and Cas casually advancing on him effortlessly eliminating personal space in a way that’s very familiar yet not.
Without even thinking about it, Dean lets out a bitter laugh and replies, “Are you kiddin’ me, Sammy? Dad woulda murdered me.”
Cas hisses above him and his hips jerk under the press of Dean’s palms. Dean taps one encouragingly and it moves again of its own violation, shoving Cas’ cock to the back of Dean’s throat before pulling out again. Cas swears above him. Dean’s never had much of a gag reflex.
“I mean all of you,” Cas says, and then leans down and licks him, which is not something they’ve ever done before, and it is how Dean justifies the yelp he makes when it happens.
He scores in the second period, just because he can, and Cas beams at him and hugs him maybe a little longer than necessary, and Dean hopes to hell Gordon is watching, because fuck him. Fuck. Him.
“Oh you like me, huh?” Dean leers and trace a finger along Cas’ collar bone, using one finger to pop the top button of his shirt. Cas is funny, whenever the have days off, instead of walking around in T-shirts and sweats like a normal guy, he puts on honest to good shirts. With buttons. Dean wonders if this is a Russian thing or a Cas thing. “Why you wearin’ a shirt?”
Sam’s not gonna take shit, Dean can tell right away. His brow furrows and his nose scrunches up the way it used to when dad would tell him hockey players didn’t need to learn math, and he could take the less advanced class and be thankful for the extra practice time having easy homework got him. “Doesn’t really matter, Dean, since it has to be talked about sooner or later. Bobby’s really pissed at you. You’re supposed to set an example for the team.”
He doesn’t even know if that’s on Cas anymore. Was Chuck making Cas choose Jack over him? Did Cas even like Dean at all? He remembers learning, years ago, that it was cupids who made John and Mary fall in love, not Led Zeppelin, not fate. Dean had preached free will to Cas, had tried to show him that the preplanned apocalypse didn’t have to be. And he thought he’d succeeded. But maybe that was all a crock of shit. Maybe that’s what Chuck intended all along.
Gabriel waves a little in his direction. “I wouldn’t worry about Michael for now, Cas. He’s just antsy because it’s the holiday season and he can’t understand why so many people are happy in his presence. You start seeing shifty looking guys in sunglasses though, let me know, because then we’ve got Luke to worry about.”
“Cheers to the loveliest team in the NHL,” Balthazar calls, and at the very least it gets the team talking again.
He can tell Dean is putting it together in his head, as he glances back toward the carolers and then takes Castiel by the elbow, steering him further away. He prays he won’t ask. Dean doesn’t.
The dish is clean. He glares at it before grabbing the ones on the drying rack and dumping them into the sink to wash again. Sam never fucking does it right anyway.
It’s late when they make it to Bobby’s, so Dean lets them in with the key he has. He has no idea where Bobby expected to shack Cas up anyway, with only three extra rooms and one of them with a closed door (presumably with Jo in there) so he shows Cas to his old room and dumps their duffle bags before heading down to the den and Bobby’s couch. He swears he’s only asleep five minutes before something wet is sliding over his face and there’s a voice in his ear.
He said it exactly like that, too. “Are you unhappy with our current situation, Dean?” All squinty eyed and slightly downturned mouth, like there was actually a fucking chance Dean’s answer was gonna be anywhere near the realm of “yes.”
Problem was, Dean’s never met any of them (well, except Doctor Sexy, and it’s not like he contained himself well there) so he’s never had to deal with what his admiration might mean. Now all of a sudden every time Cas appears, he’s one step closer to full on femme fatale magnet.
“Gabriel!” Sam suddenly calls out in relief. Dean glances behind Crowley to see their short goalie walking towards them, chewing on a Twix bar. Gabriel flips Sam off, grinning, and Dean is relieved to see that Crowley is already slinking off. Out of all of them, Gabriel is the only one that can get under Crowley’s skin as much as he gets under their’s.
Dean is nowhere to be seen. The young girl he was talking to is now on the floor next to the piano, preoccupied with a small doll. Castiel ignores the ridiculous pang in his chest and gets back to work.
From that point on, it becomes pretty clear why Dean can’t touch the puck to save his life. Anytime it even looks like it might come in his direction, Krushnic is there to take it away. Dean thinks he’s managed to touch it three times the entire practice, and it’s beginning to slowly drive him insane.
“Yeah, whatever,” Meg rolls her eyes. “You’re kinda weird, you know that Clarence? Don’t go crazy in here.” She turns on her heel and leaves him alone. Along with the boxes and boxes of dolls Castiel has to sort through, there are other toys as well, and he takes a moment to walk through the aisles and look at them.
Dean laughs, not talking the bait. “This again, huh?” He shakes his head. “I’ll probably head into the store after lunch. You going to visit?”
“Did I hurt you?” Cas asks with concern, shifting like he’s trying to find something wrong with him. “What happened? Dean?”
“Nah,” Gabriel says cheerfully, clapping him on the shoulder. “You assholes are the only ones I can tolerate after hours.”
“No, all of this sounds really interesting, keep going,” Dean says, leaning forward. “How tall was the tree?”
Extra off days means no practice, which means family time for most of the team. Real family, because none of the other guys on the team have to make one up for themselves, as far as Dean knows. They all have wives, moms and dads, siblings. It’s really just him and Sammy who have no one to go to, because it’s them and Bobby anyway.
Dean finds an energy he didn’t have in the first period and skates around like he’s on a goddamned mission. Cas seems to catch it pretty quickly and suddenly he’s skating like that too, then Sam, then Benny. Then the whole team is working their asses off, moving through Bobby’s set plays, and Dean’s never felt more like a captain, yelling encouragement. Balthazar rings a shot off the crossbar that the entire stadium hears, and even though they’re the away team the crowd roars, hungry for some kind of score. They’re rewarded towards the very end of the period, when Cas decides he’s tired of the bullshit and handles his stick so well he practically walks the puck past Cain and into the back of the net.
“What, you were enjoying yourself?” Dean jokes, but he swears Cas nods as he continues to dig into his food. “Sam just came down. We gotta get going.”
Cas nods and eyes the approaching line with trepidation. Aw, fuck it. Dean reaches around Hannah and cups his shoulder briefly, shaking. “You’ll be fine, buddy,” he says, removing his hand quickly and never looking away from the first two people in line.
It shouldn’t seem like such a drastic change, considering, except it totally is. Cas is wearing a dark charcoal gray suit over a white collared shirt with a deep, dark blue tie that reminds Dean sharply of the one he was wearing when they first met. On top of that he’s got a wool black overcoat with a matching black 1940’s style fedora that deepens the blue of his eyes to the color of stormy waves. The whole thing fits him so well that there’s no way he didn’t get it tailored, and Dean is instantly and intensely jealous of whatever lucky bastard got that job.
“Yes,” Cas says softly. “I could see souls. More than the physical aspects of a person, sometimes. They were like light, but the absence of light as well. They were bright and…” he purses his lips, “they sparkled.”
It’s a mistake, showing him Sam’s death, Cas’ death, Bobby’s death and all Dean’s weaknesses in between. The grief keeps him sharp, the guilt keeps him awake, and he digs himself out, again and again, as methodically as he dug himself out of his own unmarked grave.
“’Course we made it. Hey buddy,” Dean joins them, grinning at Cas. Cas does that thing he does, where he smiles with his eyes, which fuck Dean missed seeing. Then he realizes he’s stepped too close, and his body language is screaming ‘please hug me,’ so he pats him awkwardly on the shoulder and turns towards the house. “You been here long?”
“I…,” Dean shuts his mouth and thinks over the last month or so. Him and Cas living together, him and Cas going out to dinner. Cas suffering through  Cupcake Wars and Dean leaving out the news paper every morning because the freak likes doing the Word Jumble in his head. “Shit.”
It smirks at what they’ve become now, a bitter mess, a shadow of that dedication, with petty squabbles the only thing they can seem to find energy for. Oh, how the mighty have fallen. Whatever care they’d held for one another, it could see no trace of it now.
Nothing appears in the newspaper the week before their first game, but Dean is constantly on edge. Every morning he expects to wake up and find the front page of the Chicago Times sports section plastered with some graphic picture of him and Cas. It gets so bad he stops touching Cas in public, even platonicly, and he knows Cas is getting frustrated. He knows he’s probably being irrational but he’s also being totally rational, because this is his life here, and apparently one guy has the power to ruin it. Dean hates that.
“They’re just nervous.” Sam bends down to tighten the lace of his skate. “Hey, how are you and Cas doing?”
He thinks maybe this is the end and that he’s going to be left alone, but the guy only hesitates briefly before launching into a tirade about the playoffs last year, and how Dean’s team could have won if they’d stepped up their offense and Benny hadn’t gotten hurt and if Los Angeles wasn’t full of dirty cheaters who liked hitting better than they liked actually touching the puck.
“Brought you a sandwich,” Dean’s hand slips out of his jacket pocket to show him the plastic wrapped sandwich he’s palming. “Thought we could go somewhere else today.”
“My key’s not working,” Sam says loudly and clearly enough that he could be right next to Dean, and Dean freezes. Being found with Sam’s shit isn’t the problem anymore, it’s being found in the closet pressed against Cas with an unexplainable half boner that’s got his heart pounding.
If it were anyone else, Dean’s pretty sure they’d forget that they asked about his dad. What really was there to know that people didn’t already? John Winchester, a veteran center who worked hard and eventually made it to the Edmonton Orcas, where he helped mentor a group of young kids to four Stanley Cups in a row and create a dynasty.
Benny shoots him a look. “Come’n now Dean. I know you think you got it all buttoned up, and we let you believe that because you’re captain and we respect you, but I’m one of your best friends. You think I wouldn’t notice you’ve been actin’ off?”
Cas kisses him. His mouth is soft and warm and Dean feels everything melt away the second their lips touch, his shoulders loosening and the sick feeling in his stomach being overwhelmed by the heat building there instead.
“I’m gonna go get another drink,” Dean announces, and, not waiting for an answer, he heads back to the bar. It takes him a lot longer to grab a bartender than it did Cas (something he’s choosing not to read into) but finally he manages to get a guy’s attention, leaning over the bar so he’s able to hear him. “You got any good whiskey back there?”
I'm hoping this helps me get back into writing, since I've been planning to add to my hockey fic forever.
Dean is stubborn. He’s set to do this. It’s decided. He’s not even sure what Cas is saying. “Cas, I should have told you years ago, it’s been years. I lo—”
“I do,” Dean says, and he’s not even lying. The thing is badass. It kind of even looks like him. He’s not sure anyone has gotten him something like this before, kind of like art.
“You didn’t give me a choice,” the angel grinds out angrily. “You couldn’t forgive me, and you couldn’t move on. You were too angry.” Now he just sounds resigned. “I left, but you didn’t stop me.”
Dean opens and closes his mouth a couple of times before saying shortly, “Well yeah, no wonder. What the fuck are you doing in my bed man? And why the fuck are you shirtless?”
“I thought you should know,” he mutters, turning his face into Dean’s neck, where it’s even warmer and he can feel the reassuring beat of his heart. “You’re my favorite part of Christmas this year.”
Charlie sniggers and Dean shoots her a dirty look. For some reason Cas is engrossed in the creepy black and white photos on Bobby’s mantle. “Kiss my ass, Jo. When you start cooking dinner you can go topless all you want too.”
Cas and Anna are still looking at him, and even Sam seems like he’s waiting for an answer. But he’s the first one to realize it isn’t coming. “Basically, it could still ruin his reputation,” Sam says. “A lot of hockey players rely on the tough guy image, and even if you don’t, a lot of other players consider themselves tough guys. Dean’ll get some shit over the next couple of weeks.”
“There’s something off about him, brother,” Benny observes, shaking his head. “You notice how he’s not here now? He just don’t like different.”
Krissy looks faintly amused by this outburst but miraculously avoids commenting, so Dean takes off after teling her to come out into the main room before they leave to get his damn autograph, or a hug or somethin’.
Ed rolls his eyes. “I don’t care that he has a girlfriend, I care that he likes her more than me. I’ve been here longer!”
Bed head. Like you wouldn’t believe. Women can’t stop running their hands through it and I can’t even remember the last night I didn’t have sex kind of bed head. It’s short and dark, brown verging on black, and paired with the square jaw and sharply cut features. Dean’s pretty sure that type of messy hair probably actually did come from a couple of fawning women who’d used any excuse to touch it.
“Did you learn that from Sam? Never do it again. You won’t ever get laid,” Dean says. “And I dunno man. Vonnegut was a pretty boss old guy.”
He’s almost ready to kill them all. They’ve all got these weird little quirks he’s never heard before. Chuck can’t sit at any table too close to the door, Balthazar needs his line to start at least five feet from the table, and Ed and Harry refuse to sign with anyone but each other (actually, that one shouldn’t have been a surprise).
Benny laughs. “Good thing Dean’s only directing his energy towards woman, or I got the feeling a lot more of the world would be in trouble.”
“Good, because a five year old could do this job.” Meg sighs and rubs at her temples. “Fucking Christmas time,” she grumbles. “If it gets too busy out there, I’m going to come grab you, so don’t treat this like nap time or some shit.”
“You,” Gabriel says fiercely, immediately turning on him. “Cas was fine until you started all this cheery, ‘tis the season bull crap. Why can’t you leave him alone Winchester, huh? The kid doesn’t like Christmas, he doesn’t want you to stick mistletoe up his ass or whatever the hell it is you’re aiming for!”
“Where are we going?” Cas asks, and thank god, his voice is back to normal. Or not thank god. Dean’s very fucking confused.
The anxiousness pisses him off, only adding to the pounding in his brain. What does he care that Cas hasn’t spoken to him in a week but called Sam? It’s not like Cas has never called Sam over him before.
“Hunting,” Jo says matter-of-factly. “You know it snowed last night, right Dean? Maybe you wanna put on a shirt.”
“Nothing.” Dean grabs a water bottle and a towel and inserts himself between Cas and Kevin despite the lack of room. Cas gives him a sullen glare and reluctantly scoots over. “Where have you been?” Dean asks accusingly.
Dean sits in awed silence as Mr. Corbett thanks him for the recognition he’s shining on gay hockey players. Every time Dean tries to protest that he hasn’t done anything, he’s cut off. “Nonsense,” Corbett says. “Even if you’re as heterosexual as they come, you’re being very good about it.” Dean is floored that he’s being praised for not making homophobic comments in response to the accusations, because what the
There’s barely any cookie left, and as Castiel’s lips close around it he ends up catching some of Dean’s fingers too. Dean’s eyes are on him the entire time, so steady that Castiel finds he can’t look away either, and when his lips touch Dean he sees his eyes darken.
“Yeah. Just taking a break, you know.” Sam shrugs. “Anyway, that’s what I meant about this not being an awesome time.”
“I’m not sure if you remember me. Krissy? I was at the Make A Wish deal with my friend Aidan a few months ago. You gave us your card.”
Actually, he realizes as Cas stares at him. This might work better for him, if Cas thinks all his real honest to god flirting and touching is just friendship. Sure it’s a little underhanded, but it’s not hurting anybody, right?
The noise level in here is a shocking contrast to the one out in the bar area, and there’s only one other guy at a urinal as Dean heads over to lean his arm against the wall and get rid of the past three hours of alcohol.
“Oh-ho,” Dean feels a slow grin spread across his face, its smugness probably the reason Cas looks away again. “Look who’s gettin’ all fancy with his English now. So you do think I’m pretty?”
“Our first game is Wednesday,” Cas says, and shit, Dean knows that voice. “Will you be prepared to train tomorrow?”
Cas’ trench is flung over the chair in the corner, and he takes a brief moment to consider that anomaly too before speaking up.
“Jesus!” Sam yelps, jumping up and almost knocking over Kevin. Dean laughs loudly, taking in the scene before him. Everyone is so fucking happy. It’s not like they’ve never made it to playoffs before – they did just last year. But they’d had a second round exit, had promised to do better. This year feels different. There’s something in the air.
“The billards tables in my country are much bigger,” Krushnic says. “I did not realize you use significantly less strength and aim here.”
“Hmm,” Cas says, almost sounding disappointed. “Doesn’t compare.” And then he’s kissing Dean, and it’s kind of hard to focus on anything else.
(In the morning, Sam comes home with Eileen in tow. They make it through pancakes before Sam comments on the glitter on Dean’s cheek, and the glitter on Cas’ arm, and the glitter on - hey, wait a minute. Dean starts howling with laughter as Cas flies into a flurry of ASL with Eileen and Sam pushes back from the table with a yell of “oh my god, keep it in the bedroom, Dean!” He has to do the dishes alone with Cas, but it’s worth it, especially when Cas comments on the glittering of the soap bubbles and Sam walks in on them making out against the sink. Again.)
Their suffering amuses him, and when he sees Winchester is not going to answer, he applauds them for it. “You two are better than Showtime.”
“Don’t miss, Dean,” he hears Michael murmur. Before he has time to respond, the puck is dropped and they’re off.
Dean can feel those thoughts beating at the wall in the back of his brain again, the one escaping through the cracks an image of Cas leaning forward, hands on Dean’s cheeks and pressing a firm kiss to his lips in a very commanding
“It’s the LGBT area of the city,” Sam explains to her. “The paper’s trying to hint that Dean is gay.”
Cas kisses him as soon as they’re inside the impala, and Dean melts into it so fast he’d be embarrassed if it didn’t feel so good.
Except Sam’s girly hair must be in his eyes or something, because he doesn’t try to get in front of Jessie at all. The puck is going straight for Gabe’s glove, an easy enough save, but then a Forks player is skating across the edge of the crease, right in front of Gabe, and then, somehow, the puck is in the net.
“You guys suck.” Sam is in full pout mode now, arms crossed and lower lip protruding as his stick swings awkwardly against his leg.
Castiel has never minded being as solitary as he is. He’s never been good at making friends, or retaining relationships with people, and even at this time of year, when he should be feeling the loneliness even more than usual, he’s really just glad there are less people to fuss over his depressed mood. He had Gabriel for the occasional interaction, and that was all he really needed.
The photo closest to the TV was taken two years ago, when they’d come out first in the season but hadn’t managed to win the Stanley Cup. All of them are standing around the President’s Trophy, smiling broadly. Has family, still intact. “It’s my team,” Dean snaps. “You weren’t here yet.”
“Yeah alright, thanks Professor Professorton. I think the class gets it,” Dean says, shooting a look at a man staring at them from across the parking lot. The man looks away and Dean continues his quick stride into Crowley’s. “Hurry up, Sam, I’m not in the mood to beat up any creepy parking lot guys for you today.”
“It’s a no-contact sport man. He’d be kicked out faster than that time Benny went after the linesman with his water bottle.”
Dean’s indignant, snapping out, “what the fuck,” the second Cas’ hand is gone, but Cas whirls around from bolting the door behind them, and his eyes are big and terrified.
Sam glances at the wall behind him and the large expanse of bookshelves covering it. “If there’s nothing in there, there are a couple of spellbooks that I haven’t -”
Cas bites his lip, something Dean’s never seen him do before and a gesture that does nothing to help his flashbacks. “I would like to,” he says, actually sounding regretful. “But I must do something else today.”
