Cas looks up at him. “Yes?”
"Dude- you're clearly exhausted. Let me drive so we don't crash and die,
“And what?”
“Wanna bet?”
the one who fucked up our relationship. I don’t want to ruin what we have again. I don’t-” Dean pauses as he recalls the venom in his words, the words that had driven Cas away. “I don’t want him to
But Chuck is gone now.
“Billie came to see Dean,” he started, shifting nervously on his feet, almost as if he feared Cas' reaction. “She said that there was only one way to keep Michael from escaping Dean’s mind.”
question my rebellion- because even if my Grace is failing, choosing you over Heaven was the greatest decision I ever made. And I’d do it again in a heartbeat.”
...Oh. Right. He’d sort of forgotten about his fear of planes over the years. “...I’d do it for Hawaii,” he says quietly.
“No,” Dean says shortly. “Not at all.”
Dean, and Jack and I wouldn’t have even gotten to
Sam still doesn't look all that convinced, but nods anyway and follows Dean down into the kitchen despite his reservations. As they head into the kitchen, both Dean and Sam’s eyes go wide when they spot Jack standing there with his hand halfway inside a box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
“No,” Jack says. “A Winchester.”
should have taken it out on you or anyone else. But I was ready to forgive you, Jack. I was. I still am. It’s going to take time, but I… I wanted to do that. Hell- more than anything I wanted
Dean lets out a defeated sigh. “Guess I should’ve seen that comin’.”
Cas nods. “Of course I’ve always known what your face looks like- but that was my first time seeing you without seeing your soul as well. I was just a human being, looking at another human being. It was a moment I’ll never forget.”
“...Alright,” Dean finally says as he gives in to Cas' demand and walks over to the bed. He hesitantly lifts his shirt up, turns around, and presents his back to him.
Dean looks between the two of them and watches intently as Cas takes the vial from him and pops it open.
“Then what are we waiting for?” Dean asks impatiently. “Look Jack, I don’t care what it takes. I’ll go into the Empty myself and pull him out if you want me to. Just please,
Dean grins languidly and scoots closer to Cas. “Oh yeah? You gonna teach me, professor?”
Dean looks over at Sam, and he can tell just by reading his face what he's going to say next.
“Oh. Well that’s just
to- Castiel can sense it and he knows that Jack can as well. They
Dean finally decides to tell Sam about the dreams. The dream from the previous night had been so strong, had felt
“Sweet. Easy-peasy lemon-squeezy. Right Cas?”
“You mean you haven't noticed? It seems like maybe my luck hasn’t run out yet.”
Again Dean wishes he’d forced himself to get something out while Cas was pouring his fucking heart out to him. Cas doesn’t demand anything from him- even though if Dean was in his position, he’d want some answers. He just seems content enough to be in the bunker again.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “he’s a kid sometimes in my dreams.”
okay?!” Dean exclaims, raising his voice far louder than he had intended.
Cas shoots a look at Dean before turning his attention to Sam. “Sam, if you’d like I could always help you learn more ASL. I’m fluent in every language.”
“Man, speaking of that- Claire’s gonna
Dean,” Sam corrects. “It’s called a Switch.”
Almost as quickly as they had appeared, they’re gone again, leaving him trapped.
Sam shrugs. “Feels the same to me. I mean it’s not like we were celebrities, most people didn’t know we were alive in the first place.”
"Dean," he murmurs, desperate and perhaps a tad too optimistic, "Dean, I believe you."
it, and he wants nothing more than to kiss him again.
“What do you mean ‘about time’?” Dean asks defensively.
“Right,” Sam agrees, nodding. “But you do know that liking men too doesn't make you gay, right? It’s possible to like both sexes. And technically, Cas is genderless. It's only his vessel that's male-"
"Dude, no. I don't know about you, but I've had enough of skeevy motels. Can you believe we went this long without thinking about bed bugs or roaches? I sure as hell am not bringing those nasty fuckers back to the bunker. No, from now on, we're staying in decent hotel rooms, like Holiday Inn or something. We deserve that much."
It actually feels rather nice.
want from me, Dean?" he asks, now just inches away. "I already told you before. My happiness is you. However I can have you, even if it's not in the way I want."
Cas nods obediently as Dean hands him a wet plate. “Of course.”
Jack then visibly perks up. “But it’s not impossible. The last time I was there, I remember what they said before Billie pulled me back out- they said I made it loud.”
Cas immediately pulls away, like he'd been burned.
, Sam. Like… it’s like he
Dean watches as Sam's mouth parts, processing his words. He wishes he could carry that burden for him- the loss of a best friend. He's always tried, as hard as he can- to carry Sam's pain as his own. But he's learned over the years that that's just not feasible anymore. Sam has to carry the weight of his own agony- and Dean has to let him, no matter how much it breaks him.
“I was also awake.”
“I know.” At Dean’s incredulous look, Castiel said, “I understand. I think Jack does too—not just from gratitude.” Because Dean had saved him in the end, when Chuck, vengeful, brought down the bunker with himself. Jack’s life for Dean’s broken bone. “It may really be too early. It would be safer to wait a little.”
“Not asking for you to promise forever,” Dean cut in. “There are too many things— We’ve both seen too much— I would never ask that of anyone.”
“Jack,” Castiel said. “What do you want?”
“I disagree. You know what I think? I think,” he said, and Castiel could not help but smile, “I think we’re done with purposes. I think we should do more things in our lives without purposes. Without direction.”
“You were outside?” Castiel asked.
But those were not the words that Dean wanted—needed—to hear.
Dawn had not yet arrived when Castiel woke the next day. The bare wooden furniture of the room gleamed purple under the moonlight. He did not mean to wake up this early; he did not like to see the stars, for they reminded him of angels. He closed his eyes until the warmth of sunlight, like the weight of a palm on his cheek, woke him.
When Sam returned to the driver’s seat with a ring of keys, Dean and Sam exchanged a quiet, somber look. Jack was reading Dean’s book now, his eyes wide. Sam gunned the engine. Castiel manned the navigation system and caught Dean’s eyes on his own.
The house was silent, but in a way that was weightless. When he entered the narrow kitchen, only Dean was there. His right leg, bound in a cast, was propped up on a kitchen chair whose upholstery cracked at the seams. A half-glass of orange juice and a plate spotted with pie crumbs rested by his elbow. He was reading a different book this morning.
“But I want to too,” Dean said quietly. “Promise an eternity with you.”
“Jody, of course. You and Dean and Sam and Jack, and also—” She blushed, and he knew not to pursue.
“And now there are no more monsters,” Castiel said, understanding at last, “but you are still running on those instincts.”
He closed his eyes, almost as a habit, almost as a prayer. When he was done, he rested the axe. Dean sat facing him behind the narrow kitchen window. But this time when their eyes met, the other man’s expression was startled out of inscrutability. Dean lifted a hand abruptly, like a greeting, but his eyes darted away from Castiel at once. Before Castiel could reciprocate, Dean had turned his face away and stood on his crutches. His mouth was moving. Then Sam, clutching a stack of dishes, replaced Dean in the window. He saw the pile of firewood by Castiel’s side and raised a thumb in approval. Castiel smiled back.
Sam looked immediately livid. “What’re you saying, Dean?” Sam asked. He placed a hand on Jack’s shoulder. “Are you forbidding Jack from going to
Tall redwoods clipped past their periphery as the Impala cut through the Sierra Nevadas on Interstate 80. Dean, infirmed, read in the backseat. Castiel, in shotgun, heard an occasional click of the tongue and, rhythmically, the soft scratch of a turned page. Sam drove on Castiel’s left, brows furrowed.
Castiel felt as though his world was expanding with each breath.
One hazy morning, after dragging his fingers through soap and water, Castiel finally looked at himself in the mirror. He could see nothing of his grace, his wings, or the angelic dimension where his true form would have pushed past these dense log walls and suffused the entire cabin with fiery majesty. Flesh and bone and skin and miniscule hairs. He wore Jimmy Novak’s face now.
Jack opened the door for him and took over the groceries. He said, “Dean brought me back. He’ll want to talk to you.” In the dining room, Eileen and Sam sat curled up with each other on the loveseat, but stood and left when Castiel entered, Eileen’s hand tugging Sam’s. Jack left with them. Dean noticed Castiel from his seat. He laid aside a fold of glossy paper—the community college advertisement, Castiel recognized. All the sternness in Dean’s cheeks melted into a smile, and the love in his eyes shone so bright Castiel had to have been on a separate continent to have missed it.
They had four days of quiet—four days of fumbling around in the hallway while Sam and Jack were gone, Dean leering appreciatively at Castiel’s ass while Castiel made firewood, morning fucks and afternoon quickies and tearful confessions at night.
“Dean—”
She had stopped fidgeting with the journal. She said, “That sounded like a sermon, you know. You should consider a career as a preacher,” and laughed at his expression.
But Sam had followed behind and bent his head into the kitchen. “What is it?”
“No,” Dean said. “But I don’t see the point in enrolling him now when we might be on the road again in a week—”
“You haven’t answered my question,” Dean said.
“I see.”
. Castiel stopped trembling—at once he swam in calm waters again, though the depths did not cease to terrify him. He was scared, Castiel repeated to himself, of Dean leaving
“Cas, please—”
Waves of memories. Purgatory, the rotten-sweet smell of the woods, the air trailing slimy fingers against his cheeks—Dean finding him by the waters, haloed. The tall barn in the town named Pontiac, hollow save for the old man Bobby Singer and the piercing light of the Righteous Man’s soul. Softly, a smile—around them the din of diner patrons, trapped in the plastic lid of this fast food restaurant—still, softly, his smile. At the edge of the continent, the surf shattering, the winds threatening to roll them up and toss them into the sea—their bodies pressed against each other’s.
So he said, “Yes. I want to stay with you.”
“I didn’t realize he liked reading.”
“Would you allow me, then,” Castiel said, “to say that I want to promise an eternity?”
She reminded him of the bowling game that Dean had been both charmed and coerced into accepting, with Maria and their spouses. “Next Friday, five p.m. sharp,” she said. “Of course Jack and Sam are perfectly welcome too.” And if Castiel was still looking for a job locally, Jeremy, her son and accountant, would be returning to college soon. She tapped the Help Wanted sticker on the counter. “Just give me a call. Anytime.”
Dean’s voice came from his chest, so that when he laughed, the laugh came from his entire torso. Whenever he, Castiel, and Sam were in their most dire straits, Dean’s eyes would shine with the righteous fury that had made Castiel so sure, years ago, that this must be the man who was Michael’s sword. But now Dean’s voice was soft, and though the light was low and the wind beat at their backs, his eyes seemed to glitter with mirth as he answered Castiel’s questions. Often he tilted his face toward Castiel’s, as if he wanted to make sure that Castiel was still listening—that Castiel was still there. So perhaps Castiel’s hand held Dean’s elbow a little more than necessary. Perhaps his fingers lingered at Dean’s waist. Dean leaned farther into Castiel each time, so where was the harm except to Castiel himself?
Dean was preoccupied with his coffee. Castiel settled into the chair at the other end of the table and broke the silence first.
“No, I don’t think so.”
“What about it?”
Eileen came to stay with them for the holidays, at Sam’s invitation. She and Sam spent much of the Christmas Eve meal signing shyly to each other across the table. Small talk, little compliments, agonizingly soft flirtations. While Jack was happily wolfing down his fourth burger, Dean asked Castiel if it seemed that those lovebirds were hitting home base soon. They speak about a future with each other tentatively, he told Dean.
Dean said, “Knowing what you do now, do you ever regret—choosing what you did?”
The winds were ferocious on their short trek by the highway. Castiel was glad that he had donned his old trench coat. “Nostalgic,” Dean remarked. With the wind and the occasional car that scuttled past too fast, Castiel reached over to steady him often—more than either of them would have expected. Castiel could feel the other man’s fine trembles and warmth in short moments like these. Then Dean would stand and thank him, and Castiel knew to draw away. But they reached the hilly hiking trail, and Dean snatched at one of the lapels of Castiel’s coat when Castiel loosened his grip. So there Castiel’s arm stayed, around the broad expanse of Dean’s shoulders, their entire way down the slope.
Castiel kissed him at last, sweet and quiet and slow.
, Dean, I
“Of course. Of course we will have you.”
And he said, “Dean, I—”
Castiel said yes right away. Jack hugged him, and Castiel clasped one hand over his back. Sam worried at the flyer a little, posing hypothetical scenarios rapid-fire and then answering them just a quickly: What about high school transcripts? Well they could ask Charlie to help hack into a few school districts. Did Jack understand the state university transfer system? Sam supposed they would need a sit-down on this at some point—God, Jack needed to start with remedial math—this wouldn’t do, Sam would have to set a study schedule, nothing but Cal or LA for Jack, even
After dinner, Jody, very drunk, was laughing on the other side of the kitchen with Sam and Dean about an old wendigo case. Castiel watched nervously as Claire turned the gift in her hands. Just as he was about to blurt out an apology for the gift—what was he
Dean’s face oriented toward his like a binary star. Castiel locked his fingers around Dean’s and pulled himself down to the bed. They kissed.
There were things in the world that he could love more than Dean. A place like this, perhaps. An idea. Even another human. Dean could too.
But that was impossible, because he also thought: He could keep his life here, and the person he was growing into. And he would have Dean Winchester here with him.
Northern California was remote enough, Castiel gathered, from all of the losses and devastation of hunting that Dean and Sam had suffered through over these years. But it was far from an island, and so there came the visits. The first were from some of their oldest friends: Kevin Tran, a watery smile, with his father’s ring in the same chain as a pendant with his mother’s picture; Not-Charlie and Not-Bobby, who had come to discuss, with some futility, a way back to home; Donna, just to bear sweets.
“For how long?” Castiel asked.
“This Shack,” as they were all lovingly dubbing it, was truly as Dean implied an anachronistic artifact. Human again at last, Castiel had newfound appreciation for the ingenuity of human sewer systems: on the first day, at Castiel’s query, Sam had bent his face with embarrassment toward a pit that was their temporary outhouse.
“I have.” Dean wrapped his hands around Castiel’s. “And we can. I talked to Sam’s friend—he’s letting us have the Shack for as long as we want.”
Perhaps they would arrive, this place or idea or mortal. Perhaps they would not. It was beyond Castiel’s imagination. He could not imagine loving someone, something, so much that his love for Dean Winchester would fade. Yet he was human now, and he had seen the inconstant way that humans lived out their lives.
Gone, now. He had tried to look for her in the Empty, but she must have been sleeping. Like the rest of the angels and demons and immortals there at the end of Chuck’s reign, she either chose to rise into Heaven or dissolved into the fabric of the world, a form of reincarnation. He had hoped she would choose Heaven, but he imagined now her mournful eyes: I have weighed down my soul so, Clarence. I have lived too long.
“Yeah. Think Sammy’s been up all night. Didn’t want to wake him.” Dean had on a wide grin. “I reckon he’s, you know. Texting Eileen, being all shy about it. It’s actually kind of cute—for a teenager.”
Every once in a while, voice low, Dean would recite a passage of the anthology to Jack. Castiel saw Jack smile and blink through the rearview mirror, only faintly understanding but eagerly holding onto every word. At one point Dean let out a chortle. When Jack leaned over, he explained, “This guy, Arnold Friend,” his fingers traced a line on the page, “as accurate a Lucifer as I’ve seen.” He had passed by other descriptions of gods and devils with a similar laugh.
Castiel observed again the waters before them. The waves rolled turbid to the beach, but water outran sand and gathered, clear, like poured glass by their feet. Castiel knew Dean did not think of it in this way, but for Castiel, that moment on the dream-pier was the beginning of it all: his first doubts. It had ignited into Castiel’s first flash of consciousness, and so from it grew life. What Castiel had before that first fall was existence, he told Dean now. Not life. Castiel’s human memory confirmed it: every day the name of an angel from the garrison seemed to flitter from his mind. Or one of their great battles, or an angelic hymn. But Castiel remembered every moment from the past seventeen years.
He placed a thick log on a stump. He swung down the axe. The log split unevenly—the smaller slab danced from the chopping block and almost struck Castiel’s waist. Castiel hopped backwards, panting, and laughed. There was the smell of pine.
Castiel meant for it as a joke and Dean understood it as a joke. Laughing, Dean said, “The first time. The last time. Any of them.”
The morning after Christmas, Dean returned from the town clinic without his cast. A clean bill of health. He ate at the breakfast table with the rest of them but finished quickly. He wanted to get back into the Impala, he said. Drive around the area for a bit—feel what that was like again. He spoke to Sam, who rose from Eileen’s side out of his chair, almost in protest. But at the end of it Dean was facing Castiel.
“I saw you go down, Cas. I saw you go down to the Empty and I cried like a kid and I thought I would never see you again—”
you—so many years, all the
Sometimes they were angry, their fingers twitching for the gun at their belt like an occupational spasm. These men feigned lunges at Sam but more often Dean as though they could not help themselves. Sometimes Castiel stepped in, and they would fall back—they recognized something in Castiel even now, something mighty and righteous. But their voices rose when Sam would explain the end of the supernatural; they could not believe him. For seven years they had hunted those damn vamps, they would say. Or it was fifteen years, and ghosts up the Appalachian; or since they were born, covens that littered the South. Now there was nothing but their own memories.
When they fucked, Dean pressed his head into Castiel’s shoulder. And there was that tenseness again; there was Dean, rolling his hips down at Castiel’s as if to urge him faster. But Castiel maintained his pace and his hold on Dean. He told Dean that he was immovably beautiful, and good, virtue seeping through his skin into the bones of him, the arteries and veins and atoms. He told him he loved him. His shoulder was wet with Dean’s tears. “God, Cas,” Dean said, between gasps. “I’ve wanted you, for so long, for so long.”
“How did you make your way out—out of who you are?” Dean asked. “Out of being an angel.”
“When I was in Heaven last, I saw your father,” Castiel said. “Your mother would be with him.”
In the conversations that went well, Sam would sit them down and tell them that the war was over—there was nothing left to hunt—they needed to go back to their families, return as civilians. What they wanted, Castiel learned, was for someone to reassure them that the supernatural existed—that the things they had hunted, that had driven their clothes to rags and forced them out of their homes and stretched their skin into bright scars, were real.
“Look at this. I got it from the library.” With that exaltation, he unfurled a flyer. A young, dark-browed woman in a cardigan clutched books to her chest. Slogans in ten different colors assaulted the eye, proclaiming in ugly san-serif “50+ Different Programs!” “Find Your Dream Job!” “Hours That Fit Your Schedule!” and, in screaming red at the bottom, “APPLY NOW!” Jack’s finger, inadvertently or not, pressed down on the words “You Are Valuable.”
ence, deliberately elongated, teasing, dark brows rising in innocence. Sulfur and perfume, when he pressed her against the cement wall. The way she fingered a blade; the way she leaned on one leg and cocked her head. “A little good,” she had said of herself. “A little bad,” she had said of him. How would she have reacted, if she knew they had faced Chuck? Of course, she might have said. Of course your arrogance would exceed God.
“Sammy wanted to get some of our IDs in order.” Reading the confusion that must be on Castiel’s face, Dean’s smile widened. “Forge them, Cas. Again. But he needs a printer, obviously, and this house is too tech-bro-spiritual-retreat to have even that. Jack wanted to check out the library.”
“What is it?”
He volunteered to chop up firewood that day. In the backyard, he forwent gloves to feel the uneven heft of the axe in his hands. It was an old axe, the dark blunt head tapering into the rounded blade, the groves of the bleached wooden handle threatening splinters. It was an object that promised violence—it reminded the bearer of their own mortality.
“I’m not sure about this,” Dean said from the far end of the kitchen table. He sounded sorry.
“I want him to go,” Dean said. “This isn’t like Stanford again, no matter what Sam thinks. But— God, it hasn’t even been a
Outside, a wind was gathering. The clouds were thin but tinted the sky gray. Eileen’s rosary beads swayed where they wrapped around the rear-view mirror.
There was a slim laptop by Dean’s elbow. A dozen browser tabs were open—most of them local news. Referring to them, Castiel asked, “Have you found anything?”
“Yes.”
“Sam made these?” Castiel asked. He poked at the unevenly cooked eggs—half sunny-side, half burnt—with some suspicion.
At night they dispensed with the guise that Castiel’s room had had any use lately, and lent it to Eileen. But Castiel doubted it would be used still. When everyone bid each other goodnight, Sam and Eileen remained at the top of the staircase. Sam was signing: a raised pinky; then the index finger and thumb; then the pinky and thumb. Eileen’s eyes swam with moonlight.
of him.
Jack only gave a muted nod. “Because we don’t know how long we’ll have this place.”
Castiel tilted his head to a side, a question.
San Diego had a great engineering program—
Sometimes he and Dean had conversation after conversation on their walks. Sometimes they were silent, when Castiel was contemplative, or when Castiel knew Dean to be contemplative. They walked the same route every day. Castiel thought the dirt paths looked just slightly wider for it. Dean commented once that liking the routine was a sign of age, chuckling in self-deprecation. But Castiel recalled the repetition of the strokes he had made to cut up firewood, how he had felt more alive with each axe stroke. Practice made perfect. Maybe they were just practicing for something, Castiel told Dean, and to Dean it felt new each time still because he had never experienced something like this. Like what? Dean asked. Then he fell silent, as though he had caught the answer, alive and wriggling, in his bare hands.
He waves a dismissive hand. “Sam will be fine, he’s a big kid. Besides, this is just a dream. It doesn’t matter.” Dean wraps his arm around Cas’ shoulder and walks him out to the Impala, and for the first time in a while, he smiles.
Dean smiles fondly at the memory. “I couldn’t do anything. I just stood there, like an idiot, while Lucifer just…” He feels his eyes burning again, much like he did in last night’s dream. “I was helpless. But even if I could’ve… nothing would’ve been able to save him. And I… I see him Sammy. I see him die all the time, over and over and
“Yeah, but- can those realities even be saved?” Sam asks. “I mean- Chuck
man. I wanna drive
And Cas- being
“He’s
"Alright. To Minnesota we go."
It’s almost surreal. A part of him wonders if he’s dreaming. He certainly wouldn't be surprised.
“...It's been a while," Sam says hesitantly, "but I went to my check ups regularly while I was at Stanford.”
are the memories that Cas has of being human. Being alone. Starving. Homeless.
“It wasn’t a sacrifice!” Dean argues. He can feel tears brewing in his eyes. He rapidly blinks them away. “You didn’t want to die, Cas, there’s no way…”
“It is Dean, or these dreams won’t ever stop.”
to watch a movie she can’t hear.”
His proudest, final moment has earned him his spot here- and he's made his peace with that. This was his fate anyway, eventually. Paradise is not promised to angels the same way it's promised to humanity. Angels are warriors of God- not his children. As much as Castiel hates to admit it- he can now sort of understand Lucifer's dislike for Chuck. Perhaps he saw what he was long ago, which was why he rebelled.
“I’ve heard that just… just being there is enough,” Cas continues as he leads Dean over to sit with him on the edge of his bed. “Even if no words are exchanged.”
Doing this is going to break him. It’ll probably break Cas, too. But it’s what needs to be done- for both of their sakes. Maybe after this, they can finally start to move on. Cas will find someone who can love him the way he deserves to be loved and Dean will pretend that it doesn’t fucking kill him inside.
It's too much. Dean can feel himself threatening to shut down again.
“Sorry- I figured it’d be best to just get it over with.” Cas says, not sounding at all apologetic as he dabs the wet cotton ball along his wound.
“If you don’t have enough strength, then I’ll lend you mine.”
“Then you should understand how I feel,” Cas says simply.
However, he does notice that this place seems far more…
Castiel shrugs. “Who knows? This is your dream Dean, whether or not I am real to you here is ultimately up to your subconscious.”
He meets his brother’s eyes with his own teary gaze, and Sam immediately softens.
Cas heaves a frustrated sigh. “If you don’t want me to heal it, fine. But please at least let me treat you the human way.”
about what he’ll do.
He’s had Cas in the back of his mind since the moment he lost him. And of course he’s been cooking up plans- because he’s
He didn’t have to search for long. He found him standing in the kitchen, holding a beer, clearly looking distressed. Mary was nowhere in sight- she must be upstairs. Cas made a mental note to check on her later.
“Sometimes,” he answered. He wiped at his eyes again. “Jeez… what am I supposed to do now?”
he’s in my dreams.”
his best friend, first and foremost, but moreover he had no idea if Dean even felt that way. Was he disgusted? He’d essentially just confessed how he felt- what if Dean felt uncomfortable or-
“Long enough," Cas answers, like he's said it a thousand times before. Perhaps he has, in his own way- and Dean was just too blind to see it.
He was ruined a long time ago. No sense in ruining Cas too.
Sam’s trying to keep from pointing out that he had been right, knowing that it would hardly be appropriate in this scenario. “I’m sorry. Really, I am. Losing Cas has been… I can’t even begin to describe it Dean. But maybe this time… maybe we should consider the idea that he might not be coming back.”
“We’re not putting this shit off any longer, Sam.” Dean sits down across from Jack and next to Sam. He doesn't even bother to pour himself a cup of coffee- which had
Dean sighs in resignation and pushes his food away- suddenly not all that hungry anymore. The memories come flooding back like a tidal wave crashing over his brain. And for just a second, he almost feels like he's drowning in it- in memories of that night. “...I already told you most of it. Cas summoned the Empty and it took him and Billie. End of story.”
very moment- to pour his heart out all over again. “My rebellion was my own choice- as was every decision I made afterwards. My only regrets are the fact that some of my decisions hurt you and Sam. It’s true that there are some things I would’ve done differently- but that’s… that’s
“Let me see it.”
They ride the rest of the way in content silence. Dean has to resist the urge to grab his hand.
With Sam’s assistance, Dean follows Cas to the back bedroom. He pushes the door open and it creaks loudly, clumps of dust and dirt falling to the floor. Dean's starting to wonder if perhaps they should've brought masks with them.
need you."
"Don't freak out." The perfect set of words to make Dean worry.
A jolt of pain and longing shot through him, and Castiel felt his body curl in on himself as he heard Dean weep. Castiel inhaled, ready to fight, ready to wake up.
"Hello," a voice came from behind them all. Claire jumped and turned on her heels. Jack smiled and waved from the opposite end of the room. "Hi Kaia!" Kaia smiled at him in acknowledgement. He bounded over to where the girls were standing. "Hi Claire." Jack's eyes were shining with enthusiasm and oh no, Dean had a
It was Robert Singer who sank to the floor first, struggling to kneel in his old age, but kneel he did. He understood the wisest course of action. Sam followed suit, keeping his eyes cast downward out of respect for the new Lord. Good. It seems the failed Boy King of Hell understood his place next to his superiors. However, it was Dean, the Righteous Man who stood. Ever willful. Ever defiant.
"Come back soon, you hear me?" Dean said as Jack pulled away from Sam and Eileen.
Dean kept trying to speak, his mouth was moving but no words were coming out as he pulled at Castiel's shirt. He was covered in blood now, they both were. Castiel pressed his hands against the wound, trying to stop the bleeding but nothing was working. Nothing was working and Castiel couldn't heal him and why couldn't he heal him? And Dean was so unnaturally silent as he kept trying to speak, trying to tell Castiel something important, but nothing was coming out and there was so much blood and why couldn't Castiel fix it? He floundered, trying to do something, anything that could save Dean's life, but it was of no use.
That one earned a laugh from Cas, who covered his mouth with his hand.
They followed Sam downstairs, Cas and Eileen laughing as they watched Sam and Dean lug the grocery bags into the kitchen and begin unloading what would hopefully be their dinner for the next week or two. Cas and Eileen sat at the table while Dean and Sam did all the actual hard work.
CW: Mild smut for the first few hundred words, but its easily skippable and not at all super graphic. If you want to skip, just go to the spot where the break is.
"How's Eileen?" Dean asked, shoveling a forkful of eggs into his mouth.
pants. He pulled them on anyway, it wasn't like Cas hadn't stolen a dozen of his shirts in his first few weeks of being human again- and even once they bought him some actual clothes he still stole Dean's.
Castiel watched as Dean raked the leaves in Lisa's yard. He wanted to appear to him, to ask for his help, but Dean was happy here. Living his "apple pie life" as he'd called it once. He couldn't do that to him, take him away from the happiness he so deserved. He still wanted to. He still wanted Dean by his side, wanted the Righteous Man who he'd rescued and who'd rescued him in return. There was a voice from behind him, calling his name. Castiel turned, expecting to see Crowley, but instead there was nothing.
"You'll just have to make it up to me then," Eileen said, a mischievous glint in her eye.
"Ew," Sam said, "can you two not be disgustingly adorable for five minutes? I just want to eat breakfast in peace."
"Dean Winchester." He tilted Dean's head upward, forcing their gazes to meet. "My prophet." He ran his thumb over Dean's cheek. "No longer the Michael Sword, but the Sword of my own." Castiel had thought that Dean's beauty might fade as Castiel's power grew. How wrong he had been.
bring him back to Earth. He fought back a shiver.
everything so strongly that Castiel understood how someone could "wear their heart on their sleeve." Dean wore his heart on every part of his body.
Dean didn't know what it was like there for Cas. He'd told Dean some when he'd first gotten back, after Dean had gotten them a little drunk at some dive bar and he couldn't stop himself from smiling. He remembered something that Cas had told him that night, between the shots and the "accidentally" brushing hands. He'd heard one thing, one thing that was loud enough to wake him up. He'd heard Jack's voice, Jack's longing. He remembered what Jack had told him, how Nick had done it to Lucifer too. It was a long shot, but Dean didn't have anything more to lose. He closed his eyes and covered his face with his hands, taking a deep breath before daring to break the silence.
"Dean," Castiel ordered.
He couldn't think, couldn't see, couldn't move. Why couldn't he move anymore? He had been standing just a minute ago, hadn't he? It felt like he hadn't moved in days. Dean's arms were numb and he was so, so, cold and all he wanted was to be warm again, but the voice was laughing and he didn't want to know what would happen when it stopped. It wouldn't be good. The voice was so loud, and Dean thought he could never escape it. It rang through his head and vibrated in his chest and all Dean wanted was for it to get out, but he couldn't because it was there, it was there and Dean couldn't think, couldn't breathe. He was trapped. He was back in Hell. He knew it. He was back in Hell and this time he wouldn't be coming back. There would be no angel to rescue him this time, and he was back in hell and the demons were laughing at him. Dean was screaming. Dean was laughing. He was laughing but the voice coming out of his mouth wasn't his.
“I’m not giving it up,” Cas says. He rubs his thumb over Dean's cheek. "I’m giving it to
“I never should’ve let you go after Lucifer. Not on your own at least.”
“We don’t know for sure that they did it-”
“But you hate flying," Sam points out.
Using all the strength he can muster, Castiel shoves the Shadow away from him and stumbles backwards, putting as much space between them as he possibly can. “That’s enough.”
But despite the lack of details, that call was all it took to have him hauling ass over to Donna's cabin- worried and confused and wondering which one of them was about to die this time.
can't
that Dean wasn’t even sure if he was just dreaming anymore.
“Cas didn’t want us to worry,” Dean interrupts. “He didn’t… didn’t think he’d ever have to pay up on his end.”
Dean can feel his frustration growing. “Damn it Cas, look at me!”
Castiel goes quiet for a moment.
Dean pauses to process his answer before nodding slowly, a grin creeping up on his face. He relaxes back into the couch.
“I do,” Jack confesses, his face softening. “I wanna go back home with you guys so badly. I really do.”
Cas ignored him as he stepped inside to search for Dean.
Dean looks at Sam as he excitedly shouts about a shooting star. “Dean, look! A shooting star! Quick, make a wish!”
is using his face-
He dares to look up and take in Cas' state. His pupils are blown, his chest heaving. He reaches his hand out, trying to draw him back in. “Dean…”
Dean can’t help but smile back.
He’s surprised when he reaches up to touch his face and feels wet streaks of tears.
“Yeah. And in all that time, I still feel like I’ve been the shittiest friend to you. And then after you-”
He wakes up the next morning feeling considerably well-rested, despite his aching joints and the seemingly never-disappearing headache. He sits up and stretches- and Miracle comes bounding towards him, excitedly licking his face and whining.
, at the bunker.
reality. Don’t you remember all the other universes he destroyed before this one?”
“...About that… I’ve been doing some thinking, and I thought that… that the only way for me to be a good replacement for Chuck was to stay out of everyone’s lives as much as possible- including yours. I mean- there’s so much I have to do- and it could be eons before everything is fully restored. I have to fix the mistakes that Chuck made because I’m the only one strong enough to do it. But…” He then looks over at Sam and Dean, fixing them with his gaze. “If that means I have to give you guys up… then what was I fighting for all this time? It’s
to this whole thing.”
“I think that’s more
you."
“Dean?”
of you all- my family- that I even got to do this.” He draws in a deep breath. “For me, it really won’t be that long until I see you again. Time… passes differently in Heaven. But if it’s okay with you guys… I’d like to visit sometimes? I promise I’ll come by as much as I can.”
Cas had mentioned it before- his failing powers, how angels were going extinct and that Heaven was dying. Now that he knows this, Dean feels like even
The events in Minnesota go unspoken about for the next week or so. Cas busies himself with house chores and helping other hunters find cases alongside Sam, while Dean spends most of his time in the garage- either cleaning the impala or fixing it up.
Jack drops his hand then, and the words that had been building up in the dam of Dean’s mind, the dam constantly on the verge of breaking, disappear on his tongue. He just feels… calm. He’s not sure if it’s Jack’s powers or what, but he smiles right back at him. He feels more relieved now than he has in a while.
“No,” both Sam and Dean say simultaneously.
Dean can’t help but smile at that.
“I can’t. Because in reality, I’m dead, and I have been for a while. You’re dreaming Dean, that’s all this is. A dream. A scenario that you’ve created to cope with me being gone.”
Dean practically
“But how could he
Castiel feels the space beneath their feet start to quake as the Shadow seethes with rage. “You don’t get to just waltz upstairs, declare yourself the new God, and make new rules! This is how it's been for
Sam gives him a look that clearly says ‘do you really want me to answer that?’, and Dean sighs in resignation and takes a long swig of his drink.
“Oh,” Dean says with clear disgust, “that’s… awesome.”
“Because you’ve been conditioned- your
After a few moments of tense silence, Sam finally sighs, admitting his defeat. "Alright, fine. But pull over up here so I can switch with Cas. I wanna get a nap in before we get there."
he’s gonna tell Sam that he tried to play tonsil tennis with Cas, or that he hasn't been able to stop thinking about him since he lost him. “Who knows? Cas is always pissy about something.”
But Sam is right about one thing. He has to put an end to this- for his own sake, and for Cas'.
strong enough to stop me?”
he tells himself. Panicking isn't going to help anyone in this situation- it definitely isn't going to help Cas. Yet the longer he waits, the more he wishes he had just gone in himself. It doesn't seem fair that Jack has to do all the work- because really, how are they helping by sitting here twiddling their thumbs?
“So… everything unhealthy. Got it.” Sam nods and heads out the door.
"I want you to tell me what happened with Cas.”
For a second, Castiel recalls the time he spent in Heaven, killing copy after copy of Dean Winchester. He remembers how many times he had to do it until he got it right- until he stopped sobbing, stopped hesitating. He shakes his head and steps closer, eyes flaring blue with the last bit of Grace he has left. “You’re not Dean.”
He digs into his pocket and pulls the vial out, holding it up for them to see.
“Where are you going?”
“I can heal it,” Cas offers, raising his glowing hand.
And he loves every second of it.
They get to the hotel not long after that. Sam passes out as soon as he walks through the door, flopping unceremoniously onto the bed. He's out like a light shortly after that.
Dean can’t help it- he smiles back. Cas' smile is undoubtedly infectious. “Cas, will you stay? With me?”
Cas smiled that beautiful gummy smile, and Dean was hit with an overwhelming pang of guilt. "You're very nice. A lot of the time." He squeezed Dean's shoulder. "I'll... I'll leave you be, then. Good luck with your planning."
"I'm pretty sure that's
There was a loud bang from down the hall that stopped Dean before he could reply. Curses travelled down the hall, and Dean looked at Jody and sighed. "Kids. Can't leave them alone for ten minutes without blowing something up."
"Not right now though."
"Good idea."
Naomi sat in front of him, seething with fury, but Castiel didn't care. He stared at her, his head finally clear for the first time in what felt like centuries as he spoke.
"Nice to see you too," Dean said, crossing his arms. Claire punched him. The girl had one hell of a swing.
"Bow down, and profess your love unto me, your Lord. Or I shall destroy you."
(See the end of the chapter for
Jody was at the top of the stairs, carrying an impossible number of bags on her arms. Dean held out his arms and Jody unceremoniously dumped three of the five duffle bags in his arms, nearly throwing him off balance as he brought them down to where everyone was gathered around the map table.
Dean couldn't remember the last time he'd moved in his chair. His hands were freezing, and he could feel his toes beginning to go numb. He wondered if anyone else noticed or if they were too polite to say they were uncomfortable. Then again, when had he ever known Claire to be too polite? Dean rubbed his hands together, trying to get some warmth into them.
in heaven. He remembered Sam driving all night to go see Eileen and how all Dean could think about was that Cas was supposed to be there too. He remembered Jack coming to him, months later, with a plan to get Cas out. And he remembered that it actually fucking worked. Dean exhaled, closing his eyes. When he opened them again, Cas was still there, blue eyes looking at him kindly.
Dean reached and grabbed Eileen's hand and yep, that was definitely a ring on her hand. It was a simple silver band with three clear gems in the middle. Dean looked at Eileen's hand, then at Eileen, then back to Eileen's hand, then to Sam, and then Dean was practically jumping over the countertop to get to Sam and pull him into a hug. He could hear Cas congratulating them in the background as he squeezed his brother's shoulders. His little Sammy,
Have you guys begun to guess where this is going? Please feel free to scream at me in the comments.
The phone kept buzzing.
Cas had the audacity to shrug and turn back to his plate.
"Nice. Okay then Cas, it looks like it's just you and me tonight. What are you thinking?"
Dean was seventy-five percent certain that getting them all together was a bad idea, but hey, Dean was the king of bad ideas so who was he to judge?
. Dean never thought he'd get anything like this.
"Well, that's going to be interesting." Jody said after a beat, staring off into the direction the kids had left. She hugged Dean and then Cas. "It's nice to see you again," she smiled. "Where's bigfoot?"
"Well, I'm the best one you're ever gonna get."
Dean knelt before him, his face a bloody mess as he gripped Castiel's arm, begging him to stop. This had happened before, so many times now. Dean, in front of him, pleading for his life; Castiel, ready to deliver the final blow and end it all.
"Wait," Eileen said, her voice dead serious. All the happy chatter stopped immediately as they faced Eileen.
"You said- you said that the one thing you want you know you can't have. Cas if you- Cas, come back to me. You can. We can. Just come back to me. Castiel, I love you. Please, I love you, come back. Come back. Come back." Dean held his breath, waiting, hoping for
go to bed."
"Nope. Don't even start, Castiel. I just never want to see that again."
Claire clearly needed a second to process this. She blinked. "If Cas is your father, then I say you're my brother." Claire walked over to him and shook his hand. Dean wanted to ask her about that logic, but figured it was better not to push it.
Without warning, Jody dragged him away from the countertop and practically threw him at Cas. Thank god Cas still had some of his old speed, because he was grabbing on to Dean's waist before he could trip over his own feet and practically holding him up. Dean stood there, frozen. No matter where he was or what was happening, Cas still managed to make Dean breathless.
Eileen immediately turned around and smiled at him, ignoring Sam completely in favor of running over and crushing Dean in a hug. She repeated the same thing with Cas with matched enthusiasm and signed something to him so quickly that Dean didn't have the chance to even try and figure out what she said.
"Mhmm?" Cas buried his face into Dean's neck. "'s cold."
"Maybe not."
There was a beat of silence, until Cas made eye contact with Dean and they all burst out laughing. It would be nice to see Jack again, although he feared the combination of a young and impressionable God and a very creative Claire Novak who apparently already thought she was Jack's big sister. One thing was for sure, the next week wasn't going to be boring.
Dean had wanted to say it, so many times he'd wanted to say it. But the words always stuck in his throat, so he shoved them down because
? And you said he's died
He clicked on the link. A local news site opened up in a new tab. Dean glanced over both shoulders before turning his attention back to the computer screen.
Claire sprang into the bunker first, hauling Kaia behind her as she energetically announced their arrival. It didn't seem to matter that Kaia had been to the bunker more than Claire, she just followed as Claire marched down the stairs, hugged Cas, and then punched him in the arm.
"Are you done yet?" Naomi's voice taunted. Instantly Cas pulled away, shoving Dean behind him. Naomi raised an eyebrow. "Cute, protecting your little crush. But he's not real." Castiel risked looking back to see, and sure enough, Dean was gone.
Dean's jaw clenched. "Fine."
Then, without warning, Cas cupped Dean's cheeks and pulled him into a kiss, pressing against him desperately, like he thought Dean would push him away. Even as Dean melted into the kiss, there was something in Cas's movement that felt off. The way he pushed against Dean's lips, the way his hands were gripped like a vice around Dean's wrists.
Sam flipped him off and turned back to his phone.
"Lets see what happened this time."
The second they were out the door, Cas was practically on top of him, backing him up against the edge of the map table and running his hands through Dean's hair as he kissed him. Dean melted into the kiss without a thought of resistance. After twelve years of denying and pushing aside the feelings that were always bubbling beneath the surface, it was a wonder they could keep their hands off each other. Which was why Dean couldn't help but feel vaguely irritated when a familiar voice interrupted them.
Dean was meticulous. He had made sure to delete his browser history as soon as he was done searching the web for more details- the last thing he needed was Cas or Jack deciding to use his laptop and coming across his research. He'd written everything down and hidden the file in an old duffle bag at the bottom of his closet. Dean knew how to cover his tracks. That didn't stop the shame as he did it. They were better now. They didn't have to deal with any of that shit anymore. Why was he obsessing about this? He could tell Cas and say he was going to pass it along and everything would be fine.
It wasn't supposed to be like this. Cas was in front of him, saying everything that Dean was too afraid to even try and say, too afraid to hear. He'd tried to answer him, tried to tell him- but it all happened so fast. Cas pushed him away and Dean couldn't do anything but watch as his best friend, the
"You didn't want me to have to worry about something else? Really Castiel?" Full name. Cas was in
This Dean didn't plead for his life, he just stood there, staring at Castiel with that cruel and beautiful gaze that seemed to see right into his grace. The blade that Castiel hadn't realized he was holding slipped from his hands, falling to the ground with the deafening clang of metal on concrete. Dean kept staring at him, but his expression was softer now, kinder, and for a moment Castiel almost let himself believe that maybe this was real because the way Dean was looking at him made Castiel want to hold him and never let go. Dean took a step forward, smiling openly now as he reached one hand out towards Castiel, but then he froze, his back straightening as he gasped for air. Blood seeped from his abdomen and Castiel rushed forward just in time to catch him as Dean's knees collapsed. Dean grabbed at him, clasping on to the folds of his jacket as Castiel put his hand over the wound to try and heal him.
“Yeah,” Dean said. Then, “I will be the first in line at the registrar for Jack once we find a good place to stop, I swear. I just need more time—to find a safe space. We can head back to the Midwest, maybe, or settle in somewhere in Colorado—once I know there is nothing left in the corner to gank us. I just need more time.”
Dean laughed. “No. Jack, actually. Sam was teaching him before they left.”
“Heaven exists,” he said. In the corner of his vision, Meg was smiling.
“Apparently as of yesterday.”
Castiel took his time arranging his duffel. Dean and Jack and Sam went in, and the eyes of the house lit up yellow. Castiel slung his backpack over his shoulder. It was a small house further dwarfed by the surrounding redwoods. The driveway snaked around the back, the outer edge shorn off into a cliff tangled with dark brambles. Where Castiel stood was like the lip of a bowl, and at the bottom were gold and orange houses that piled into a small town. Alone by the car, staring into that miniature world, Castiel rolled the words in his mouth, testing.
But he does know better and Sam looks fucking nervous.
Dean. How had Castiel ever thought any of Naomi's imitations could even compare to the Dean Winchester in front of him. The Dean who was angry and loud and righteous and good and who
Surprise! I'm back! Sorry about the serious delay in this chapter, but I hope the length made up for it. I had some stuff come up with my university and with work and I just didn't have the energy or time to write as consistently as I want to. Thank god for the COVID vaccine making me take two days off to rest for once in my life.
he said Cas's name over and over again, as if that by itself might be enough to bring him back.
"Now? Really?"
"Yeah," Dean said, "I do."
"Cas," his name fell from Dean's lips, a whisper into the deafening silence around him and then Dean couldn't stop saying it.
"Sam is not still asleep." Sam's voice sounded from around the corner. His hair was completely disheveled, sticking out at angles that should have been impossible.
"Dean! I don't want to come in there myself-"
Dean could hear the smirk in Cas's voice. "Not
He pulled his flannel closer as he sat down next to Jody. Jesus fuck it was cold in here. Jody, however, seemed unaffected by the slowly shrinking temperature. They listened as Claire shared hunting stories with Jack, no doubt exaggerating the details for dramatic effect because there was
Yep. Dean was the worst scumbag in the universe.
It was quiet as Claire and Dean finished their beers and cleaned up whatever food was left, working silently together.
"Go sit down"
"Yes?"
This wasn't real. Cas was dead. Dean watched him die. This was another trick, some shapeshifter or demon or djinn must have finally gotten the drop on him because there was no way that this was Cas in front of him. "Who are you?" Dean snarled, trying to yank his wrists out of the fake Castiel's grip.
The air shifted as Dean sat down at the table, where everyone had been talking lightheartedly about Sam and Eileen's date the night before, now they stared at him in concern. Dean clenched his fist. He thought that he might punch something if they kept looking at him like that. Cas grabbed his clenched hand underneath the table, smiling like they were the only people in the room. He tugged gently on Dean's hand until his fist relaxed and Cas intertwined their fingers. Dean was lost in him. Lost in his smile and in the light of his eyes and the weight of Cas's hand in his.
"Cas, Cas I hope- god, I really hope you can hear me." Dean's voice was shaking as tears ran down his face. "Come back, please Cas, come back. I don't think I can- I can't do this without you. So if you can hear me, wake up, fight." Dean was shaking again, and it was getting harder not to suffocate under the weight of everything. "I need you here with me. Cas I-" the words were there now, ready and waiting to be said. Why did it have to come to this for him to be able to say it?
"Dean!"
Dean didn't say the words out loud, but he said it in every other way. He said it with his hands that clutched at him, with his eyes that pleaded with him, with the silent prayer that Castiel could hear louder than Naomi's orders, with the way his soul still reached for him. This was Dean in front of him,
-" Cas began, but stopped as he realized he would be entering a losing battle once again.
Claire insisted on their innocence, claiming that it wasn't their fault items in the bunker hadn't been properly labeled and they had no way of possibly knowing that opening a specific vase would unleash a small amount of Greek fire into the hallway. They'd managed to put it out before any major damage happened- thanks to Cas and his
"Mmm, still considering it. What're you making?"
"Okay lovebirds," Jody said abruptly. She stood up, bringing her plate over to the counter. "I'm gonna go crash. See you tomorrow." She pinched Claire's cheek, much to Claire's obvious displeasure, and clapped a hand on Dean and Cas's shoulders before disappearing through the doorway.
"Hey! Morning Sammy!"
"Goodnight." Dean leaned into the warmth of the sheets and blankets and
"I'm always alright," Dean said, pulling away from Cas's hold, but not letting go of him entirely. Cas helped him to his feet, keeping a hand on Dean's elbow as he stood up.
"That's probably a bad idea," Dean said, turning his attention back to Cas.
"No. Cas, wait-"
"Hey, feathers," Dean called to Cas, "wanna help?"
Castiel was the Shield of God. Dean had taken God from him, stripped him of everything holy until he was the shield of nothing. And Dean was insufferable as to think he still had the right to call him by that name.
Dean looked around the room, a warm feeling swirling in his chest. This here, this was everything he had ever wanted. Sam, happy and engaged to a beautiful, smart, and terrifying woman; Cas at Dean's side where he belonged, and Jack with his entire family surrounding him.
The last thing Dean thought before he fell asleep was that he really had to get that air conditioning fixed.
The album moved on to something slow and the air in the room shifted. He wanted to ask if they could skip the song, but he saw how Jody swayed along to the woman's low crooning, and he decided to leave it alone.
The girls arrived in a tornado of laughter, complaints, and punches.
Dean didn't know how he felt about that. A part of him felt relieved that Sammy didn't need him for this. All grown up and everything. And then there was the small part that wanted to help, to go back out with a machete and a shotgun and see what else was out there. Dean sent a thumbs up emoji and then put his phone away.
to make sure you wouldn't get ganked by the next machete-wielding vampire that came at you, but
The two of them had formed a rapid and intense friendship, and Dean would commonly see them sitting together signing entire conversations that Dean could only ever catch part of. He supposed that was a thing with dating someone who understood literally every language ever invented. He was happy for both of them though, this life could be rough and there wasn't always the chance to make friends. He suspected Sam thought the same thing.
Dean was freezing, despite his layers of clothing.
Cas's words were echoing in his head,
"So? Where is he?" Claire demanded.
"Hey!"
Dean Winchester was dead by his hands.
"Sorry," Dean turned to Eileen, "here you are telling me the best goddamn news of your life and then...
always Cas, trying to remind himself that the arm around his waist wasn't a figment of his imagination.
He really needed to get that damn air conditioner fixed.
"What do you got?"
Jack nodded. "I will."
So yeah, shopping took longer than it should have.
"I love you,"
Right, right he knew that. Sam sent a text this morning saying he was heading out, and then Jack had decided that he wanted to make a smoothie using Sam's machine and Dean made him clean up after the lid popped off and smoothie exploded everywhere. Dean didn't know how he'd forgotten.
"Dean. It's me."
Cas took the cup gratefully, sitting down at the table across from Sam, who was nursing one of his god-awful protein shakes that Dean swore was more complicated than half the spells in the Book of the Damned. Sam had just finished his morning run by the time Dean made it to the kitchen, and had immediately fled to the showers the second he walked in the door. Dean was all for working out, you had to do
Eileen made it to the bunker first.
Okay, I have never written anything resembling smut before and I am also very much a lesbian who isn't attracted to men at all so this was a shot in the dark. I hadn't planned on writing the scene at the beginning of the chapter, but it felt like it would fit the story and the direction I was taking it.
Castiel's hands immediately went to Dean's face, checking to see if there was a pulse, but he knew better than to be optimistic. Even Dean, with his knack for cheating death, couldn't escape what Castiel had done. He wanted to sob, to scream until the room broke apart and raze heaven to the ground, but he didn't have the luxury of grief.
His phone buzzed from his back pocket. It was Sam.
"Go fuck yourself."
"Why don't you make something for yourself for once?" Jody shot back. She nodded at Dean, who wordlessly stood up to join her. Dean may have been a decent cook most of the time, but he had nothing on Jody, and he was pretty intent on stealing her whole system for cooking chicken.
Claire cut him off. "Nope. Try again."
"Hello!" Jack said, He smiled at them and waved. The kid didn't even know he was supposed to look embarrassed.
"Jack, I don't want you-" Cas tried again,
"So, it looks like we'll have the whole band together," Dean said. "We are so going to have to go shopping."
"Mmm, I see that." Cas kissed right below Dean's ear, nipping slightly at the sensitive skin. A shiver of pleasure ran down Dean's spine, sending his blood away from whatever it should be doing and straight between his legs.
"Hi Dean. Hi Cas," Kaia chimed in from behind her seething girlfriend.
"I think her girlfriend had a hand in convincing her. Jody mentioned something about Claire wanting to meet her "little brother" so Cas, unless you want to be attacked, I'd suggest asking Jack to come down for a visit."
Dean threw a pillow at the door and immediately regretted the action as there was nothing to cover his ears with to drown out Sam's nagging. Cas seemed just as happy to ignore the increasingly annoyed voice from the other side of the door as he pulled Dean closer to him.
Cas had thought that-
By the time they made it home, Eileen had obviously already broken into the beer as Sam babbled to her about something probably related to lore. She had a look on her face that Dean had come to call the "Yes dear" face.
Dean laughed, "I have no doubt about it."
Naomi screamed at him.
Even on his knees with nothing left to lose, Dean would not say it. How dare he. After all the times Castiel had given everything, his family, his trust, his life, his love, Dean still could not say it. He should punish him greatly for disobeying his commands. But still, it was that stubbornness that made Dean his favorite.
"I love you." He hoped Cas could hear him, he hoped that this would be enough. He needed Cas to be able to hear him, needed Cas to
The playful chatter resumed over the table. Sam and Eileen were obnoxiously adorable. Dean had heard the filthiest things come out of that woman's mouth, but when Sam called her beautiful as he recounted the events of their date the night before, Eileen actually blushed. Then she punched Sam in the shoulder, and all was right with the world.
"Yeah, I should probably get working on that."
"This is Jack?" Claire asked, tilting her head and squinting her eyes in a way that made Dean nearly do a double take. He was pretty sure she hadn't picked that up from Jimmy. She turned to Cas, "Why does he look like you? Also, aren't you four?"
"Believe me, I know. But please, I wouldn't put this on you if I didn't think it was real and if I didn't think you could handle it."
Cas and Dean jumped apart. Claire was standing at the entryway, one hand covering's Jack's face and her own eyes squeezed shut, her whole face scrunched in disgust.
Dean filled her in on all the details he could remember off the top of his head, the place, the murders, what he thought was doing it.
"Rude. I thought I raised you better than that Sammy. You need to respect your elders."
Cas was a soldier, a warrior of heaven. He'd fought battles Dean could never even imagine, but against Claire Novak, Cas was overpowered.
"Goodbye Dean."
"Yeah, that probably wouldn't be a good idea." Dean muttered, throwing the blankets off him and carefully untangling himself from Cas's arms.
Claire brought her hand to her chest in shock. "You? A case? Wow Dean, I'm impressed."
He could feel Cas's eyes on his back as he cooked. Cas probably thought he was going to fall apart again. He hated it, the knowledge that Cas felt sorry for him.
There was a grave expression on her face as she met their eyes. "If I marry Sam," she said, "does that make me God's stepmother? Aunt?"
"Come on, I was about to start making dinner," Dean said as Cas and Jack separated.
