John groaned, but handed his mobile over to Sherlock. Sherlock pressed the button to turn on the screen, but then remembering that John had turned it off earlier, held down the power button. The phone responded and after a moment Sherlock had opened the phones internet browser to begin doing research on the graft study, when John’s phone vibrated and a text came in.
The man that he had run into stepped back and let out a small gasp.
“When you asked for my help, I was mentally preparing to become an assassin, not be digging through records to construct tips to turn into HMRC,” John sputtered. He had spent the past two weeks being briefed on Adler and all of the previous successes that Victor and Mary had already achieved, all while not actually mentioning how they’d been doing it.
“Disposed of? Were those bodies’ former pawns of Moriarty?”
The same kind of thing happened with a group of counterfeiters in Denmark.
“Victor Trevor barely exists as far as anyone seems to be concerned. He seems to have bounced around employment wise over the years, working odd jobs occasionally, nothing too interesting. He was a lab technician for a while, then bounced around a couple retail jobs, and then more or less disappears about five years ago. It’s not the most ridiculous thing, Sherlock. He’s a friend of yours, and from what I know of your past and have heard from Mycroft, you picked up your, um, habits, right around university. If Trevor had similar habits, it’s not impossible that he got himself in deep chasing a hit.”
“John,” Sherlock whinged.
All Moran had done was shoot a couple men through the head, and then delivered their bodies to various make shift operating theatres around the city. They weren’t very good men, in fact, they were criminals, Moriarty’s pawns that had run out of usefulness. John had already disposed of one of Moriarty’s pawns before, when he’d killed the cabbie. He had never felt guilty for that, not even for a second, because he had been protecting Sherlock.
Sherlock didn’t like the look that he was reading on Lestrade’s face at all. It was sad, but not like he was sad himself exceptionally, more that he expected Sherlock to be sad. It was sympathy. It was pity.
Then Moriarty slid out the room, slamming the door behind him. John turned to glare at Moran.
Sherlock Holmes had not seen Victor Trevor in more than ten years, not since university. Sherlock at the time been far stricter back then with his ‘no emotional attachments to anyone’ rule than he had apparently become over the years, and had no interest in staying in touch with his one university pseudo-friend. And he assumed Victor had understood that which was why he didn’t continue to have to turn down invitations to the pub. But apparently the man had gotten himself busy with other things.
There was one problem, however. It wasn’t a problem with the concept of being in a relationship, as he would have once expected, but it was a problem with the relationship, which Sherlock had not anticipated. Or more specifically, there seemed to be a problem with John. Or maybe it was himself who had the problem and John was just reacting to him. He hadn’t quite figured it out yet, but something was definitely off.
“It was no one, just an old friend.”
He kept scanning, looking for anything else.
“We have a problem. Victor’s made a mistake. He’s been compromised.”
“No,” Mary said defiantly. “Well, I mean sort of. We figured we’d pick off enough of them, and then target their leaders, and hope that at that point they were so disorganized that they’d be useles to Moriarty.”
“Sherlock, you will get in or else I’ll tell Mrs. Hudson about that time when you were ten and decided--,” Mycroft began to threaten, but Sherlock cut him off.
“Victor was hoping to be able to pull you out of the river and apply some antiseptic and give you a couple paracetamol and move on. We had to call the super emergency untraceable line for him from our burner phone that we were told to never call ever unless it actually is the apocalypse in order to get you into hospital without risking the Scotland Yard checking area hospitals for John Does or someone who otherwise looked like you.” That explained the false ID and statistics, although now that John thought about it, that was obvious. “You’re in a private facility in Croydon, I’m sure you already know that we’ve had your records here falsified.”
Sherlock looked shocked and Lestrade was completely taken aback and was entirely sure he’d missed something very important. Sherlock was beginning to think he had as well.
. Sherlock himself however wasn’t sure if he, despite his well fitted suits and general air of his own personal trademarked blend of boredom, ambivalence, and distain, if he wanted to be cool. At least not Victor Trevor’s brand of cool, which he assumed would involve lots of crowds and loud noises and some sort of house beer on tap that tasted of piss.
.” John cringed with the repeated use of the horrible and condescending nickname and he felt his blood begin to boil.
John had been attacking Moriarty’s network.
been shagging. But apparently he’d been too late. John had committed himself to someone else and couldn’t even bring himself to tell Sherlock.
” Moriarty spoke in a sing song pattern that to John felt like the textbook definition of insanity.
“That’s like saying it’s not illegal to be a criminal!” Sherlock shouted.
“Oh, of course, I apologize. I didn’t break you. You were broken long before I ever came along. Sherlock was just a plaster, wasn’t he? Just enough to hold you together and keep out dirty nightmares. But you’re a doctor John, you should know that wounds don’t heal when they’re infected.”
“Sherlock,” Molly whispered. “Do you think that he could maybe—?”
“John’s not dead,” Sherlock whispered.
“Yeah, plus if we were going to take anyone out, Mary or I could do it just fine. We don’t need you getting blood on your hands,” Victor laughed, looking pointedly at John's trembling hand that lay uselessly on the armrest of the rain. Since the incident, John's limp and tremor had returned full force. Since being released from the hospital, the psychosomatic pain and instability had been lessening, but had still not completely receded.
He’d had to rip every physical thing that made a person who they were off if them. It had to of been gruesome. It had to of been violent.
Or something like that probably. Fuck Sherlock was getting a headache.
Sherlock held John’s gaze for a few seconds, trying to make John see how earnest he was being. John turned his head away violently, breaking eye contact with Sherlock.
Apparently, judging by the tone of John’s voice, Sherlock’s suggestion had not at all been an appropriate one.
"I'm glad to see that you're processing all of this so quickly, brother mine."
“I’ve got a flat on Baker Street,” Sherlock said dismissively. Victor whistled.
“Right. I’m sorry, I guess just the mention of Moriarty made me go a bit mental, you know,” John made excuses, trying to back pedal.
Sherlock was only half listening to John, having jumped from the sofa at the mention of his mobile. He ran to the desk where it rested to charge and saw half a dozen messages from Mycroft. He then heard the sound of a door slamming in the street below and looked down from the window to see Lestrade walk up to the front door of the building, tossing something to the ground as a went.
even the faintest clue, and he was going mad.
Silence fell between them for a few far too long moments.
He quickly began to scan the living space. It wasn’t anything particularly spectacular. Beer cans scattered amid cheap, worn furniture. Who knew gang members shopped at IKEA? A gun was carelessly lying on a table. Sherlock nearly rolled his eyes at the cockiness of some people, clearly a display in power more than carelessness. ‘
“I’m not a surgeon anymore. I’m hardly even a GP,” John grumbled stubbornly.
Then world seemed to still for a second as John realized he couldn’t breathe. One of the broken ribs must have punctured his lung, collapsing it.
He remembered the looks on John’s face every time he went somewhere else, that place Sherlock hadn’t understood. He remembered how terrified John looked every time Moriarty was mentioned. He remembered John’s nightmares.
“You’re late, Watson,” a gruff voice snapped at him the second he reached the bottom step and found himself in the dimly lit main room for the boat. A man was sat in a particularly dark corner, going previously unnoticed by John.“The boss is mad.”
“Sherlock!” he heard Lestrade call after him, but his brother said something softer, clearly to Lestrade that Sherlock was now too far away to hear.
“Victor? An addict?” Sherlock scoffed “Victor’s the reason I managed to graduate. I wanted to drop out and live in the gutter for all it mattered to me by my second year, rather than having to be in that... tedious place another second. He’s not an addict. He doesn’t look like an addict, anyway. Looks healthy, is unnaturally calm considering the fact that he’s been arrested, and he's not going out of his mind needing a hit, and no track marks,” Sherlock listed his observations, the only ones he’s managed to get from his old friend.
“Oh, I think I’ve teased you enough,” Moran grinned devilishly before he stepped behind John and began smacking the whip repeatedly against John’s chemically burned back. John had managed to survive the first hit before he was screaming. He lost count of how many times Moran snapped the whip against his already damaged skin, but eventually he passed out.
“Sherlock,” a voice said between pants. “Sherlock you can’t.”
It had been three days without a case, and Sherlock was getting antsy. It used to take him at least a week to get to this level of distress over not having a case, but with John’s blog generating a constant stream of clients, albeit mostly incredibly dull ones, combined with new I’m-having-regular-intercourse energy that Sherlock had, three days felt like an eternity. Moriarty hadn’t made any sort of identifiable new move, so as much as Sherlock tried there was really little work he could do there.
“You think I don’t remember you? The only reason I hired you was because of your connection to Sherlock, obviously. I thought you might be useful at some point, but then you scurried off and I had better things to do than track you down. But this game of mine, with him, has been going on for ages. But my how things have changed now, haven’t they?”
Where would the world be without you, Johnny?” Moriarty asked his voice far too calm. John knew it was the calm before the storm. He was right.
All of these things were reasons why he supposed he had struck up what people might refer to as a friendship with her over the past week. He supposed that they had probably been friends in the past as well, sort of. Their relationship didn’t seem to change from the one he’d had with her even before he met John. He spent a lot of time in the lab with her running experiments. But now instead of ignoring her attempts to start conversations, he indulged them, and found that occasionally she did offer helpful suggestions.
Soft spoken, proud, loyal, kind, John. His John.
“You were a doctor.”
And then there was a massive explosion and the bow of the boat exploded and the boat began to sink, taking any narrowboats and the people inside them that it happened to be hiding within it down into the river.
And now he had a job, as a criminal. An accessory to murder. A human butcher.
Yes, they had
“It’s okay John, take your time.”
“Oh, look, I’ve struck a nerve, but I’ve found Doctor John Watson again, haven’t I? Good, you were getting so boring.” Moriarty grinned. “Well, unfortunately I have other obligations,” he sighed dramatically. “But I’m glad to see you’ve got some fight back. Seb,” Moran stepped out from behind John and gave Moriarty a curt nod, “Break him again for me, will you?” Moriarty smiled sweetly and Moran grinned viciously. “See you later! Or, no I won’t.” Moriarty’s grin continued to grow. “Have a fun death, Johnny-boy. I hope that it’s everything you hoped it would be.”
“I am a soldier!” John exclaimed stubbornly, twisting his hand into a fist and stuffing it into his lap.
He was lying, Sherlock knew. He had to be lying, or at least distorting the truth. Sherlock looked at Victor, taking him in for the thousandth time that afternoon, going over his deductions again. He’d changed out of his blue Maplin polo shirt and into a t-shirt with some sort of logo on it that Sherlock supposed the average person might recognize as belonging to a band or music group. He’d also had a denim jacket on that he’d taken off when they sat down and was now carelessly bunched along the back of his seat. He was still wearing the black trousers and trainers that he’d been working in. His hair had grown out a bit since when he’d first seen him two weeks ago, the sides of his head kept neatly trimmed, but the hair on the top of his head was a bit longer, something that Sherlock knew was a popular style among the late teens and twenties set currently.
“What,” John rasped, taking fast and deep breaths as soon as it seemed like the water was all out of his lungs, “the fuck is going on?”
“But does it Sherlock? Who would John be cheating on you with?”
He could, perhaps, track down every hospital in the city, hunting for him. Mycroft probably had him under excellent security, and realistically would be watching Sherlock as well. But if he wanted to, Sherlock knew he could find him.
What came next, and would continue for what could have been an eternity for all John knew, was what John could only describe as agony. For lack of a better word, Moriarty began to pummel him. First with fists and knives, striking repeatedly into his body as it hung. The man was fast and thorough, leaving not an inch untouched. Eventually the chains were released and John fell to the floor with a heavy thump. Moriarty began to kick until John was sure that every single rib cracked and one of his lungs was punctured. The man was quiet the whole time throughout the assault. John was quiet as well, only letting out the occasional groan when the air was knocked out of him again and again.
“Sherlock,” John choked.
"John?" Who else would he be talking about? "He's nearby."
“Yes, why exactly didn’t you bring me in weeks ago? And why haven’t the press reported on it yet?” Sherlock asked.
Victor sat up from where he had been stretched out along the sofa, and Sherlock observed the confused, worried, and slightly panicked look that crossed his face.
“Fuck off,” John snapped, but he grinned. “Shaving around the scar is annoying and since I don’t have to keep it meticulously clean anymore might as well leave it be,” he explained. Really though he just hated to look at it. He didn’t want to have anyone else see it. It was far too much of an identifying feature. He was deformed. The best he could do is hide the evidence of it. “You try building enough muscle onto a body that was withered enough to give the Great Sherlock I Don’t Eat While I’m Working and All I Do Is Work Holmes a run for his money that you’re not blown over by every gust of wind in less than a month of recovery time. And the sunglasses are cool. Every anti-criminal mastermind needs a signature look.”
The doctor rubbed the bridge of his nose. "Anything soft. the squealing was giving me a headache."
Really? SH
"I know, honey. I know." He leaned closer to John. "We could just... wait from now. To your next attack and decide then it we are going to your therapist and you talk to her."
"I'm just telling the truth." He answered with a smile, stroking over John's red cheeks.
she was fine, but every once in a while she zoned out and did things she didn't mean to, more than often hurting herself, so she needed to be watched.
"I know, John. I know that this is quite a shock for you. And it's going to be a shock every time you forget about me again." He answered slowly. "We don't have to... You know?" His voice trailed off as he stood up and stepped closer to the doctor. "Take deep breaths, John. Try to calm down."
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE STOP THAT -JW
There was Zoe, a woman who was schizophrenic and was forcefully committed by her family because she refused to take her medication.
(See the end of the chapter for
It had been a rush.
"Well I'm not the John Watson you know." John shot back, his voice cracking. He took a shaky breath and took another drink. "I don't even know who I am, but I am definitely not him anymore." He sighed, starting to feel slightly dizzy.
"I didn't know it would be end like this from the beginning, no, so it wasn't planned." Sherlock said slowly. "But I had the idea that I wouldn't be there."
He quickly sent out the email before he could read it over, and started looking around in his files for the journal, but he drifted off to a drunken sleep before he could find it.
Busy -JW
"I don't want you to think that I don't... I don't love you, Sherlock." He cleared his throat. "It's just... strange, coming into an old relationship like this. You know things about me in this respect, and I'm completely clueless." He leaned back on the counter. "I don't know what kind of a kisser you are, or... anything you like."
going to happen." John said, sure of himself. "It's
"Oh, don't lie to me, Watson. I know you far too well. Which of your conquests were you dreaming about?"
, to be quite honest. I don't like feelings, I don't like it when they have such power about me. I still think that they're a weakness, so I try to shut them out from time to time. I was afraid to let my feelings for you show, because you always claimed to be not gay, so I didn't want to let it out in fear that you'll reject me."
John looked up quickly. "I
Don't you dare -JW
"You started to write a journal. Something like a diary. I'm not too sure where you have it right now, however."
John barely processed what he said, taking a few moments before nodding absently. "It wasn't worth it, you know?" He squinted at the ring and shrugged. "I wasn't worth it to keep going on... In my mind, it was just two years of hell... I didn't remember any of the last six months." He took the ring off of his finger and examined it, trying his hardest to remember what it was supposed to be.
Holmes, meanwhile, was standing by the window and fiddling with his violin, playing little snippets of pieces in one big Frankenstein of a piece.
settle on one piece?"
"Home sounds good." John slurred and leaned into Greg. "Y'r a good friend, Greg."
He had tried so much. He had pictures everywhere in their flat. Of himself. Of John. Of them together. But it hadn't worked. John was forgetting him and Sherlock really didn't know how to survive this, the fight, the loss, the pain.
Once he got dressed, he started looking around for a suitcase to pack his things in, which took longer than he expected, since he didn't remember where anything was kept. In the end he found a small carry-on sized rolling suitcase in the flat and carried it upstairs to start packing.
"You've been injured. I need you to drink this, Sherlock."
"Maybe..." John fiddled with the ring some more. "I don't want to separate, I just..." He tilted his head slightly. "I just need time... and space."
"John, please calm down." Said the familiar voice, and all of a sudden Sherlock was rushing towards him. "Sit down and take deep breaths. Just... don't panic, now, okay?"
"Shiiit..." John backed up a bit, his legs weak and fell back into a sitting position on the bed again. "I don't-" He let out a small moan. "I..." He breathed out, forcing his breathing to normalize. "I don't know." He huffed. "I really don't know."
I love you, alright? -JW
Sherlock smiled. "Don't worry about it, love. I don't have to put up with it. It's nothing bad. I like it. It's good."
"Yes, I took it away. It seemed to offend you, so I just took it away and stored it."
Please come home, John. SH
John sighed. "Either way that doesn't help
John huffed and focused on walking, which suddenly seemed like a much larger task than it typically was. Eventually, he noticed that they stopped walking. John sighed and looked up at 221B.
"Oh God..." John shook his head. "You're..." He rolled his eyes. "I was horrible, wasn't I?" He paused. "I didn't write you anything, did I?" He had a slightly mortified expression on his face as he asked.
"I don't give a damn about what's wrong. I know what I want."
Fine? -JW
"You were still in the hospital. It was the the day after I came back. I stayed in your room, next to your bed, to keep an eye on you. You woke up the next morning and had a panic attack. You screamed, you punched me. You were in complete soldier mode, jumping me and screaming that I was just an hallucination." Sherlock swallowed. "In the end, it took three orderlies to take you off of me."
Sherlock shrugged slowly. "Yes, I'm still going there. Mike is... alright. he introduced us and didn't stop smiling like an idiot because he played matchmaker. You do get along. He's your best friend."
"Holmes, please. We both have reputations to uphold. I care about you greatly, but-"
I can't just sit around and run off with you all the time -JW
his other half. He turned to drugs to cope. His parents tried to keep him. To help him. But he pushed them away. He preferred to live on the street than live a 'happy' life, deluding himself that he could live without Watson. He preferred to shove the thoughts away with the cocaine and Heroin.
It's me, John, Sherlock. -SH
John scratched at his forehead with his thumb. "Do what you want." He smiled. "As long as you don't lose it." He bit his lip teasingly. "I don't remember how much I paid for it, but it looks expensive enough not to misplace."
As promised, there is angst. But there is also a fair amount of fluff to balance it out!
John settled back into the bed, propping himself up with his elbow. "What do you mean, you missed me?" He tilted his head. "I've been here the whole time..."
"No shit, Watson." Greg chuckled and shook his head. "We should go then. Do you want me to bring you back to Baker Street or do you want to stay with me?"
"Mine." He answered quickly, walking over to him and looking at the note. "You forgot and smashed nearly all pictures because you thought you were imagining them. The notes somehow helped you to stay calm."
so many updates today!!! hehehe that's the good part of having it as an RP... You only have to edit it... No real writing required.
And you're not distracting me. SH
"I only mind when you make it sound like a dying cat."
John entered the flat slowly, looking around, half expecting any traces of Sherlock to be gone, and finding out that the previous night had been a dream. As he looked around, his eyes fell on picture frames that he hadn't noticed before... And pictures. Pictures of them together... John walked over to the mantelpiece and picked up one particular picture-frame, smiling at the picture within. It was the two of them by a tree. John smiled as he gazed at the picture, and made to replace the frame where he found it, when he felt a small piece of paper on the back. He turned it around and saw that there was a small post-it note stuck to the back with his handwriting on it. "Hanover Sq 15 Sept, 2013." There was another small scribble beneath it, and it took him a moment to decipher his own handwriting. "10 days without forgetting!" John smiled widely and replaced the frame where it was, and picked up the one that was next to it, which was just Sherlock in profile. He turned it around to see if there was a note, and found one; "In Bart's- concentrating on last bit to a case. He nearly hit the camera from my hand because of the flash, but admitted that the picture came out well and let me keep it."
I don't know? SH
Sherlock slowly opened his eyes, a dazed look on his face. John realized that he was probably just as shaken up by all this as he was. The detective sighed and sat up. "Her name is Mary Morstan. You found her through the clinic... She's a specialist in anterograde amnesia, apparently."
"What?" John bit his lip as he pulled away, looking down at Sherlock. "You're kidding, right?"
. As your doctor-"
John absolutely insisted on Sherlock getting clean before he accepted that he was moving in. At the very least, it would give him
Apparently meals were communal and mandatory, as well as therapy sessions. There was also a weekly visiting hour if he...? John shook his head resolutely. "I'm not going to be getting any visitors." He said flatly. "Not for a while, at least." As soon as he unpacked, they called him out for dinner and he got to meet some of his fellow patients.
I got that from all of the time we lived together -JW
I'm sorry. SH
For threatening to follow you to Sarah's. SH
John walked out of the flat and closed the door behind himself. He walked up the stairs and into his bedroom. It was exactly as he remembered it always being... The last six months didn't seem to have changed it much. He supposed that besides for still keeping the linen on, he would come in every once in a while to make sure it didn't get dusty. He changed into his pajamas and sat down on his bed slowly, thinking... The last thing he remembered... The last thing he remembered was deciding to end it. He remembered feeling so alone... so lost. He lay down in bed, thinking about the occurrences of earlier that day, when he was looking through the medicine cabinet for pills to take, he thought he had heard someone open the door, and when he had walked out to check on the sound, he had seen something in the corner of his eye. When he turned to see it, he saw Sherlock's body on the ground, and he remembered seeing so many times before. John sat up, running his hands over his face, forcing himself to breath. It was okay now... He had Sherlock back, and he wasn't going to forget him so fast... He hoped.
anymore!" John glared down at the table, his cheeks wet. "I just.... I don't."
John giggled, feeling slightly lightheaded. "'Parrently I pr'posed in Bart's."
lost you, it may have just been harder... or not." He looked down. "I guess we'll never know."
Watson watched him, enthralled. Holmes was like a storm. Most times, it was hectic and frantic with the man. But sometimes, rarely, one would stumble upon moments like this. The eye of the storm. The calm and peaceful yet energy-laden moments.
Then come home. SH
John, hmm?" He adjusted his head, smiling widely. "More questions..." He thought, trying to figure what he wanted to ask. "Do you still frequent Bart's? Get along with Mike?" He paused. "Do I?"
There was a faint sound of footsteps. "John..." Sherlock almost whispered, staying in the doorway. "Don't lie to me. Talk. Open up. Please."
You tried to kill yourself, John. Your brain was several minutes without oxygen. I found you in the flat, when I came back, when I wanted to reveal myself. -SH
"I only ever call you Watson."
"I just want you to be happy." John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock, his hand still on the other's dogtags, and the other hand finding its way to the side of his face, caressing it gently as he kissed. "As long as I know you're alive, and that you love me, I'll be happy."
"Since when do I have a normal life, John? I experiment with body parts in my kitchen, I solve crimes for the fun of it, and I get off by deducing people. My life is not normal. Never has been, never will be." Sherlock looked down and took a deep breath. " So this is it, then...? You're breaking up with me, now?"
Meredith explained to John that
John scoffed. "Harry's gay, Sherlock... And besides, I'm
"Of course I'd visit you. Every day if you want me to." He said quickly. "But... are you sure...? You don't have to do this for me, John. Never for me."
"No!" John said sharply. "I don't want to forget you..." He bit his lip as he looked down at Sherlock. "Unless... You think I'm too much of a burden?" Oh God. Of course, he was a burden to Sherlock. Why didn't he see it before? He was too wrapped up in his own troubles to see the troubles he was giving Sherlock. "God, I'm sorry." He sighed and covered his face with his hands. "I just..."
Next comes hungover John, who is decidedly less fun. :P
Sherlock nodded. "You're not the first one to say that. I didn't use to be like this, and I still like to be...
"Oh... Well... Okay." There was a brief flash of disappointment on Sherlock's face, but it was quickly covered up. "A new start... Of course. If that's what you want, we can do it like that, sure."
"Wha'... Was I s'pposed t' jus' give him th' ring and tha's it?" John laughed. "'f course I pr'posed." John blinked slightly. "I think 'm drunk, Greg."
Using your name too much in entertainingly spelled ways? SH
"I can't..." John looked up. "I can't keep doing this to him, Greg." He shook his head and downed the rest of his beer quickly. "I just can't..." John motioned for the bartender and asked for a double shot of scotch. "I know he loves me, and I just..." He sighed as he ran his hands through his hair, looking down at the table. "I can't keep stringing him along." The bartender put the shot down in front of John, and he downed it quickly, making a face as it burned the back of his throat. "You know... He really believes I'm going to start remembering again."
one who knows the slightest thing about medicine here? It's a
He played around with the dogtags absently as he went downstairs to make himself a quick breakfast and while he was doing that he realized that he hadn't gone to his therapist the day before. He pulled out his phone to look for her number but stopped as he saw the screen. It was a picture of him and Sherlock on a bridge somewhere, taken by Sherlock as he held the camera up so that you could see the water behind them.
Chinese? -JW
. He told himself, shaking his head and willing himself to stop. He should have known that John wasn't cured. He should have known that this would happen again. But hope was bad. Hope made him delusional. Hope made him forget his logic and so hope was Sherlock's weak spot. He stood up and walked into the kitchen, taking John's ring into his hand from the table and sighed as he walked into their - no...
I love you. SH
"Shut up, John."
Oh god, that was the worst stab in the chest. There was his love. His life. And his face was completely blank. He didn't
"When was this?" John finished off his beer and motioned for another one. He was fuming at Sherlock, and he hated the entire situation. Sherlock went back to drugs, did he? The bartender gave him another beer and John took a drink. "How long ago?"
But that wasn’t the case and now he was so close to being done with it all. Christ, what he would give to be able to take a holiday.
Sherlock pulled back out of his mind to realize that Victor had taken off at an alarmingly quick pace and was now a few meters ahead of him.
“I’m sure we’ll meet again soon, Peacemaker,” Victor said with a smirk, gently shoving John around him before taking a few steps in the direction of Sherlock.
The day after that Mycroft had come over to find Sherlock in the shower, a mug and a plate in the sink revealing that Sherlock had in fact eaten something, albeit just tea and toast, on his own. The sheets of Sherlock’s bed were mussed indicating that he’d slept there, at least for a while last night.
“Are you forgetting something, Sherlock? A key part of who the doctor was in your deductions yesterday? I don’t think you were wrong about that part, about why the doctor was doing what he did?”
“He hasn’t figured it out yet, but he’s going to, you know. I bet it’ll only take him all of about 24 hours,” Moriarty paced leisurely back and forth in front of John. John followed his feet, refusing to raise his head and risk meeting the madman’s gaze.
“The hair wasn’t removed for DNA purposes. Only a microscopic percentage of the population have their DNA sequences recorded in searchable files, DNA evidence is only helpful to match to a pre-existing sample, anyway. It was likely removed partially to make identifying this man even more challenging, simply because hair color, style, and facial hair or lack thereof can be crucial to the identification of someone, and partially for effect.”
John however, seemed to break the dynamic a bit. As much as John absolutely did not need nor want it, Victor and Mary both seemed to feel some level of, oh how John hated even thinking in terms like this, but fondness and protectiveness for John. He sometimes felt less like a member of their team and more like someone who had been assigned two very odd body guards.
“Yeah, kind of like J-,” Sherlock stopped. “Like a soldier.” John thought his heart had stopped.
After a few moments of paralysis, Sherlock lurched forwards in an attempt to throw himself over the railing into the river. Arms caught him around the shoulders, holding down his forearms and clasping against his chest. Sherlock blindly fought against them, but the arms held him firm, although hot breath was panted against his neck.
, was the first thought that claimed John’s mind, and a wave of defeat that he hadn’t been expecting washed over him.
Sherlock realized that John hadn’t been speaking hypothetically. He had known. He had known so much more than Sherlock and kept it from him, carrying the weighty knowledge all on his own, trying to keep it away from Sherlock.
“I suppose I could have not noticed if he did, but I imagine he’s got everything he needs wherever it is that he went already.”
After dealing with his foul mood for most of the day, she finally went home, and he was alone again.
“Look, Sherlock, I really have to go. But it’s not what you think it is, alright.
But Moriarty had told John he was going off grid for a while, so maybe his life wouldn’t be for naught. He’d have bought Sherlock more time, and that was what mattered.
It was all Sherlock could think to do, when he finally came to his senses and was fairly horrified and embarrassed at his own actions, or lack of them. John was….gone. But Moriarty was out there still. And so Sherlock had checked his phone to find a message from one Jane Huxley. He was surprised that he had gotten the call, usually clients called John as it was his number attached to the blog that had been gaining annoying amounts of attention at an increasing and alarming rate. But Sherlock’s number was posted on his own website, and he supposed a desperate woman could have easily missed the news that the reason the number listed on the blog wasn’t working was because it and its owner had been sunken into the Thames, and instead sought out an alternative way of contacting.
John had been very hesitant to enter into a relationship with Sherlock. He did repeatedly make it clear that he wanted to be, every time Sherlock had given John an opportunity to back out, John had responded by kissing him passionately. But maybe that was the problem. John wouldn’t talk to Sherlock about whatever it was that even now, after two weeks, made John sometimes become momentarily distant.
“It just would have been nice to have another person to watch my back you know? I imagine there is going to be a lot of me versus small armies of highly trained men.” But then maybe Sherlock having an old friend to watch his now that John wasn't there to make sure he didn't do anything to reckless wasn't a bad thing.
“But gangs don’t just decide one night to cease existing. That’s very much how it doesn’t work,” Sherlock said.
He was free.
He realized then just how alone he felt without John. Of course, being alone wasn’t something unfamiliar to Sherlock. But since John, well, he’d rarely been alone unless he’d specifically wanted to be. But now after all that time with John by his side, it was strange to be alone and left him feeling empty.
, he told himself, despite never having allowed himself to use such an excuse before
He found himself gasping as he fell back into the door, a sob escaping his throat. He leaned forwards to counteract the fact that it felt as if his knees were about to buckle and stumbled forwards, grasping onto the arm of Johns chair to catch himself. His head fell limp between his arms as he began to sob uncontrollably. His knees did buckle and he found himself kneeling against John’s chair, his head buried in the armrest.
His movements became increasingly frantic, trying to make out shapes in the darkness of the water. He groped ahead of him, trying to orient himself any way he could.
John shrugged. “I was a solider.”
Sherlock was up out of his seat.
Sherlock and Lestrade had their tea and coffee, respectively. They didn’t talk much, both of them set their mobiles on the table and tried hard to pretend that they weren’t waiting and hoping for a ring, a beep, a vibration, a flash or anything to indicate news, preferably good news. But nothing happened, and after an hour, Lestrade left to get check on things back at the Yard and Sherlock went back to pacing the river, hoping that something would come to him or that he would see something. He walked for hours, hardly even paying attention to his surroundings anymore, instead just following the river.
“You two are finally shagging?” Lestrade’s completely unnecessary comment came echoing through Sherlock’s mind.
“What do you want, Holmes?” John heard Victor grunt.
John fired his gun, quickly tilting the barrel so that instead of firing into Victors head it fired backwards into John’s forearm. He tried to ignore the instant searing feeling that consumed his flesh, but the involuntary breath he took to try and regulate the pain reminded him that he didn't really have the ability to breathe. Before he could think a second more, he slammed the side of his gun into Victor’s head hard enough to leave a wound that would bleed enough if from a distance would look like a bullet wound and Victor collapsed to the floor.
“But surely if Phil Rogers has warrants out for his arrest, there must at least be one out for Victor?” Sherlock asked. There had to be something about Victor that he was missing. Everything wasn’t making sense anymore. Huxley was nowhere to be found and the reason for his disappearance at all was a mystery. His homeless network had failed him. And now someone he used to know had shown up claiming a career choice that did not at all become an Oxford graduate from a wealthy family. It just didn’t fit. Surely even someone as dull as Lestrade had to see that.
“I’ll send someone out to check on it,” Mycroft said quickly, understanding Sherlock’s blatant implications.
All he had to do was sit here. Reorganize his mind palace. Reorganize his book shelf.
“We don’t know anything for sure, except apparently that John’s bollocks medical journals come in handy after all. Is everything I think I know a lie?” Sherlock groaned, turning away from the body to begin pacing, running his hands through his hair, closing his fists around the dark curls and tugging in agitation.
“Yeah, sure. I’ll get right on it, anything else I can do?”
John was left immobilized at the friction Sherlock’s hand was providing, his back arched off the mattress, his mouth open and face contorted as he moaned.
John considered getting angry at Sherlock again for rationalizing taking a huge never before mentioned leap in their relationship because it was convenient and because it was getting in the way of his work. But John’s mind instead turned to mush as it echoed another thing that Sherlock had said.
John suddenly realized the absence of Sherlock’s lips on his body and he opened his eyes to see Sherlock staring at him. He realized that Sherlock had taken his hesitation was a withdrawal of consent. John realized that Sherlock was giving him a way out. He could reject Sherlock right now. They'd be embarrassed, but Sherlock would probably take the strategy of pretending nothing had ever happened and avoiding John for a while. Which was of course exactly what John would need in the coming weeks. But he couldn’t, not now. Not after wanting this for so long. And the raging erection that had developed somewhere along the way wasn’t helping. He was only human after all.
“No. I don’t like where you’re going John. We’re not killing anyone, more specifically, you aren’t killing anyone.”
"Oh my heavens!" she'd proclaimed and ran back down the stairs. She returned a moment later with a camera.
“Only if you want to,” Sherlock murmured against John’s pulse point.
He remembered how he’d walked away, trying to tell Sherlock that he didn’t understand. That he was wrong.
“So, where does this put us, then, with a suspect?” John asked carefully.
The rage flashed for a moment. John did his best to stamp it down, but his comment was still far too bitter, and it was a comment that John would come to deeply regret.
“We already know that I’m not enough for you, of course. That much has been made clear many times.” The words fell out of John’s mouth without him thinking. They seemed to be the only words that could have possibly filled the silence.
"Shh, Sherlock. Calm down. This was days ago, back at the warehouse. He shot himself to protect us. He was trying to make it look like he'd shot me. He's doing fine, mentally."
Paint on the bottom of his shirt. No, not just paint. Primer. He’d been painting walls recently.
“The battery had run out and I left it charging.”
They could have sat like that for hours for all Sherlock knew. From his understanding of it later, it was nearly two and a half hours of the three of them sitting silently on the bench. The sun had set, the sky fading into the blue of twilight before any of them spoke.
He claimed that he was involved with an opposing gang. He claimed that he was searching for something that had been stolen. Some sort of trinket, Sherlock didn’t even bother to remember what it was, he’d deleted it instantly as it seemed so irrelevant. It was nothing actually worth money but that was instead worth pride. He was also quick to point out that Sherlock’s intel was complete garbage and ‘The Torture Chamber’ was ironic more than it was truly sadistic. In fact it was the personal residence of a leader in the gang and the place where he was known for taking women back to to have sex. Lots of women. Lots of sex.
“All bark and no bite? Minor criminals? John, the modesty thing is getting old. Phil Rogers was hardly a minor criminal. And what about those bank robbers? And besides Moran you’ve completely decimated Moriarty’s snipers. And the one that did think you were all talk, god John our man sent us the Yards report of that crime scene that you set up and even Sherlock didn’t seem to have the faintest clue that anything went down there besides exactly what you wanted them to think. Which was by the way certainly not that you scared the poor bugger so much he shot himself in the head rather than have to live in a world where he was caught in between you and Moriarty.”
“The Peacemaker,” Sherlock whispered.
Moriarty had taken everything from him. Everything. But he could not make a mockery of the time that he and Sherlock had spent together, however brief it was. Moriarty had no right to know about anything he and Sherlock had or hadn’t done sexually. He hoped to God that this was just a good guess on Moriarty’s part, because if he’d planted anything in their bedroom, John would survive just so that he could strangle Moriarty. Or maybe castrate him.
century. Their relationship was valid whether or not they consummated it with penetrative sex, dammit.
“Since when does the great Sherlock Holmes have hunches, none the less say please?” Victor grinned teasingly. “The man that asked me to search Phil Rogers flat has nothing to with the Peacemaker. Honestly, it’s been months Sherlock and there’s been no activity linked to the Peacemaker in London.”
"Evidence?"
Fingers continued to trace up and down John’s jaw, but John hardly noticed anymore as his mind span trying to make sense of what Moriarty was telling him.
“It’s just a precaution John. Don't want to overwork your throat and you’re not out of the woods yet. We had to call in some help. We were hoping to avoid it, but unfortunately when you passed out again if became clear that we couldn’t pull you through this with a round of nearly expired antibiotics, some antibacterial ointment and a box of plasters,” the woman, who John remembered now was the same one as earlier, said. He took a closer look at her now that his mind was cloudy with painkillers rather than screaming in pain. She was probably about his height, maybe a bit shorter. Relatively unassuming. Short blond hair, wearing tapered khaki trousers and a blouse and cardigan. " It was a bit touch and go for a while, and you were on a lot of drugs, so I don't imagine you remember much of the past few days. /but you're on the road to recovery."
“But why couldn’t it be one person? You said yourself that there are people that could do both. With John’s medical and military background, he’d fit the bill just fine, as well as likely any other army doctor,” Lestrade pointed out.
Something seemed off. This flat didn’t seem like a torture chamber. He’d imagined soundproofing would be in order, or there would be better taken care of weapons and other instruments of torture around. Instead it looked like the flat of an untidy alcoholic.
But much to his annoyance, Sherlock realized he felt very tired. And helpless. And a bit nauseated. But there was also a feeling in his chest. It felt like the feeling of coming home after a long trip.
They sat like that until the last of the boat sunk down below the water.
Sherlock deflated.
“Right. Right. Of course. Of course!” Sherlock’s pacing began again and was frantic. He was spinning back and forth on the balls of his feet, with his long coat swishing behind him, causing him to look a bit like a vulture swooping around its prey.
"I don't understand how you could forgive me," John said, looking at Sherlock pleadingly.
Why did John have to be so foolish and brave?
It hadn’t felt like suicide at the time, but John supposed that’s what it had been. He’d stopped fighting and willingly filled his lungs with water. Hell, he was the one who walked to his death and held his hands above his head so that he could be restrained. John couldn’t picture his life without Sherlock Holmes, but this was beyond him now, wasn’t it? Where would the world be without Sherlock Holmes? What would the world be like if Moriarty succeeded in whatever master plan he had? He’d had his selfishness and he’d had his time with Sherlock. That was done now.
, Sherlock observed.
“Fine,” John threw down his journal and stood up, “I’ll go. I’ll go and I’ll stand in the corner and you’ll tell me I’m being boring and dim witted when I offer a suggestion and you won’t know the answer and you’ll come home and ignore me and won’t come to bed because you’re on the case. And in the morning I’ll eat breakfast by myself. And next week someone else will be dead and you’ll get angry and you’ll throw things that I’ll have to clean up, and when does it end?” John choked. He’d begun his speech strong, but by the end his voice wavered, and he ran out of steam, revealing an alarming level of anguish.
Sherlock suddenly found himself wishing that John had just been sleeping with someone else. It was far less a betrayal than this.
He noted that he’d been admitted under a fake name, Adam Nelson, apparently. And his stats were all a bit skewed as well. The height listed was far more generous that John ever attempted to lie about, claiming he was 5 foot 11 inches. His weight was inflated as well, listing him at nearly thirteen and a half stone, when even at his most muscular or let go he would generally only reach just over maybe eleven and a half, and after the stress that he’d been through recently, he was likely closer to ten. His bullet wound was left completely unnoted.
His mind began to whirl again at the thought of John’s touch.
“Well don’t you think that is exactly why I worry? Only a few nights without John and I find you sleeping on a bench! What would happen to you if we can’t--,” Lestrade cut himself off.
He was alone.
“What shouldn’t involve me?”
“I’ve got you there, big man,” Victor said reassuringly. “We’re gonna get you out of here.”
“The Yard were there. And, and Sherlock. Apparently a private client of his had gotten themselves involved in the gang. With the gang involvement though Sherlock must have wound up getting help from the Yard. They had a warrant to search the property. Victor tried to escape before they saw him, but didn't get out in time. He’s been arrested. He’s confessed to being a member of an opposing gang rather than compromise us.”
“Yes, Molly, my hearing is fine, thank you,” Sherlock snapped.
The tales included things like getting into fights with statues (Sherlock could confirm with his sore knuckles) or being goaded into a half arsed attempt at a pole dance in an underground train car by a group of equally drunken university aged girls and of course Trevor himself (Sherlock made sure such a thing could most definitely under no circumstances be confirmed by anyone ever by quickly deleting the video Trevor showed him on his phone of the incident before the other man could even protest).
“Yes, what are the chances?” he muttered. “So, what have you been up to since university?” he asked, probing in his best normal person small talk voice.
“What would it matter if I did? It doesn’t matter,” John finally found his voice, but it of course betrayed him, saying exactly the wrong thing.
“Oh, don’t worry John. I’ve even left clues for Sherlock to come find you, if he wants. They’re hard clues, of course, if your DI friend or that meddling other Holmes brother decide to take pity on you and try to find you, even just for the sake of a belief in justice at the hands of the courts after Sherlock tells them what you’ve done, they won’t be able to get to you. Only Sherlock can. And if he does, I won’t try and stop him. He won’t even see me. He can have you back and I’ll never try to separate you two love birds again. In fact, either way I plan to disappear a while. Everyone needs a holiday every now and then. The second you hit the water, it’ll be like I never existed. What will Sherlock do then? Without me or you? He’ll go bored out of his mind won’t he? And whatever will he do? Oh! Do you think he’ll turn back to the drugs? Do you think he’ll finally manage to kill himself? Do you think you’ll be the last thought on his mind before he loses consciousness as he overdoses?”
“What’s going on?” Lestrade asked.
Sherlock’s world shattered into a million tiny pieces. It was like he’d been slapped in the face. By a steam roller.
“You’re wrong,” Sherlock said. John couldn’t tell if Sherlock was doing that mind reading thing he sometimes did or if he was referring to the comments that John had actually made out loud, or a combination of both.
“But John, this is important. And it involves you, although I don’t see why,” Sherlock’s voice trailed off and he seemed to retreat back into his mind, but John was now curious.
“Much,” Sherlock drawled before attacking John’s mouth, his hands quickly back under John’s jumper.
On the tenth day, Molly showed up again, perhaps at Ms. Hudson's urging and they spent the day playing all sort of games and puzzles, anything to "take his mind off of things," as Molly said.
“I told you that we were going to work on disassembling a gang that Moriarty draws a lot of his hit men from next. Well Vic went out to snoop around a flat of one the higher-ups in the gang that serves as a bit of a home base. No one was supposed to be around, I’d tailed them a while ago and their schedule seems pretty strict.”
“This is the part that you don’t know, Sherlock. This is the part of the story that you were left out of,” Moriarty explained. “But don’t feel too bad Sherlock. I didn’t know either, not until a couple months ago.”
John blinked and took in his surroundings. He was on the floor of what appeared to be a boat, judging by the navigation equipment positioned across from him and the swaying that he realized he felt. Another fucking boat. Damn, he just wanted to be on land. No, he had just wanted to be dead. A man wearing a wet suit, dark hair wet and mussed, probably a little younger than John, closer to Sherlock’s age leaned over him, looking worried but a bit triumphant. Behind him a woman, around the same age of maybe a bit older was observing him with her arms crossed over her chest, looking both worried and skeptical.
On the fifth day, the doorbell rang once again. The voice at the bottom of the stairs talking to Ms. Hudson sounded vaguely male, but otherwise he could not make out who it might of belonged to. Footsteps ascended the stairs and Sherlock gripped the arms of his chair so tightly his knuckles went white.
“John, what are you doing?” Mary asked. She sounded panicked, but John knew it wasn’t because she feared for his life. Rather, she feared for his.
Sherlock didn’t quite understand what was wrong with the life he had built for John around himself. The one with calculated risks and boring threats from lazy criminals. The one that was safe. That’s what John wanted, after all: to be safe from Moriarty. That’s what all his reactions pointed to.
He was in a part of town that referring to as a “bad part of town” would be too generous. It was a neighborhood he hadn’t visited in several years, but it still looked exactly the same. And he was banking on that fact. He’d done some research, and there was nothing to indicate that this particular, well, crack den had been experienced a police bust that would lead to a change in location.
After they both caught their breaths, Sherlock rolled off of John and curled up into his side, nuzzling his head into the crook of John’s neck. John heard him sigh contentedly. He wanted to wrap his arm around Sherlock and pull him closer, to stroke his back while murmuring ridiculous endearments praising the other man, but he realized his hand was covered in Sherlock’s come, and the waistband of his pants own pants felt sticky.
“Sherlock,” John moaned and the then passed out.
His face was scruffy, like he hadn't shaved in a week but hadn't had the time to grow out a beard. His skin was a bit tanner than usual. He was wearing jeans and a loose fitting t-shirt. A thousand little things were different about him, but he was still John.
“That,” John shuddered just thinking about it, “Was an accident. You know I’ve been trying damn hard for there to not be any casualties,” he said defensively. Then his voice dropped lower, “It’s not hard to frame a body to look like a mugging gone wrong if you know what you’re doing.”
“Well, I see my work here is done, if you don’t mind?” he said suddenly, before slowly backing away from John and then turning to casually waltz across the room to another door at the end of the room.
He saw that Mary had a little red dot on her forehead. He followed angle of laser beam to find Moran hunched up in the rafters with a sniper rifle. How and when he’d gotten up there, John wasn’t sure. Mary, however, had her own weapon pointed in John’s direction, currently at Victor who was nearly completely blocking John’s smaller frame. She was staring back at him, her expression patient. She was waiting.
What could he possibly be trying to accomplish?
He pictured the consulting detective running his hands across his now marred cheek and over his now ruined back. He imagined Sherlock kissing his neck, which was now coated in blood from the wound Moriarty inflicted along his jaw. He thought about him whispering endearments into his ear. He thought about him laughing. He thought about his face, smile crinkling to the corners of those bright eyes. Eventually consciousness and unconsciousness all blended together into a Sherlock Holmes themed fever dream.
Sherlock furrowed his brow and felt anger and confusion rise up at his brother’s nearly uncharacteristic words.
Nothing, thankfully, seemed to be too seriously wrong with him internally. They were mostly trying to fight infection. The Thames wasn’t exactly the cleanest body of water in the world, and his wounds had been left untreated for nearly a day. His back was chemically burned, but hadn’t needed a skin graft, which John was thankful for. Apparently the acid wasn't very strong. Not that having a layer of your skin being eaten away was plenty painful, but it hadn't gotten through more than a few upper layers. It would likely scar still, but John didn't care.  had Thinking about having to have a graft now made his feel nauseated.
“John,” a panicked voice called to him. “John, it’s okay. It’s okay,” the voice repeated over and over.
“No. I mean, well, yes. A little. I’m the best in my field dammit, and not even one sketchy text message to probe my interest. I wouldn’t have said yes or anything, but it’s nice to be appreciated,” she grumbled and John couldn’t help but look horrified.
“What social circle? With John gone--,” Sherlock stopped and pursed his lips, his eyes widening unintentionally with sadness.
Sherlock’s phone had vibrated in his pocket, and surprisingly Sherlock answered the call.
"You’re terrifying, you know that?”
They had been playing this game for an hour already. Sherlock had showed up at the Maplin that Victor was apparently working at and the man had been perfectly jovial, telling Sherlock that he got off work in half an hour so if he wanted to wait around they could go get a drink and catch up. Sherlock had impatiently feigned interest in cameras while waiting for Victor to get off. Victor had chattered away as he’d led Sherlock up the street to the pub about the annoying customers and his crazy boss, barely letting Sherlock get a word in.
John wasn’t sure if he had the authority to make such claims or if he was grasping at straws. He assumed Mary and Victor were both armed, and Moran was probably still around somewhere. Moriarty had left his gun in John’s lap, instead of drawing it.
"Moriarty, the man, is more or less a figure head. He could, I suppose, still close significant damage even as an individual. But all his resources are gone. Everything that made his such a threat to us he no longer had access to. We'll be able to track him down soon enough, just to tie up loose ends."
“John was being summoned. Rather insistently.
“Right, er, probably just some chick from a couple nights ago. Must have given her this address by mistake. I’ll go get rid of her,” Victor said nonchalantly sliding out of the flat behind Mrs. Hudson but Sherlock narrowed his gaze.
John couldn’t think of anything to say, but the man through the earpiece, who John realized was likely Moriarty, seemed perfectly willing to keep talking.
It turns out it wasn’t something that screamed John, but rather something that screamed “
“Oh, because Sherlock is a brilliant one?” he shot back.
“Oh, darling,” John cringed at the endearment. Moriarty caught John’s discomforted expression and smiled brightly at him. He got up from his chair and made his way around the table and over to John. “You didn’t think when I said all of that stuff about tearing you down and climbing atop the pieces I meant physically?” Moriarty asked, contradicting his words as he straddled himself over John, sitting down atop his lap. His fingers went to John’s jaw, stroking over his beard. John flinched away from the touch, but immediately gasped at the resulting sharp pain in his chest, and stilled himself despite Moriarty's ministrations.
John was alive.
“Sorry to disappoint you John, secret ops teams rarely are all murder, explosion, murder, fight scene, murder. It’s a lot of recon and paperwork,” Victor quipped.
Adrenaline junkie, sharp shooting, stubborn, bad ass soldier John. Highly trained, unassuming genius John. Monstrous John?
And Moriarty was not going to let John survive.
“What boat?” Mycroft turned to look out the window and follow Sherlock’s line of sight.
“Johnny-boy! I’m so glad you could join me! It’s been a long time since I’ve seen you! And boy have you been busssyy,” Moriarty said the last word slowly, holding out the two syllables. John could feel the man behind him, not yet touching him, but John could none the less feel his presence.
“Mary,” John groaned, not liking where this was going.
“Sorry, I had to go supervise my handiwork to keep a certain consulting detective off my case,” John snapped in reply, looking at the muscular assassin and first in command for Moriarty that was Sebastian Moran. Whenever he was around Moran, he slipped into the soldier version of John Watson. The version of John Watson who could be cold and clinical, who was everything that the regular old jumper wearing John Watson was thought never to be. It was easier this way, to accept his place as a part of Moriarty’s game, instead of scampering around like a frightened rabbit trapped in a box, running into walls in panicked desperation, which is what John felt like on the inside.
After a few more moments, John broke the silence.
“These murders were not committed by a single person!” Sherlock declared.
His mind was racing but, he felt strangely at ease. He had found John. He just knew he had found John. Now all he had to do was get to him.
He felt the boat come to a stop, and a few minutes later the door swung open.
“Maybe, maybe it would help the case move along if we could just close that door.” Lestrade suggested carefully. “Get that mystery out of the way. Why don’t you call the surgery and ask if John’s mentioned anyone? You said he had been using the pub to cover up his affair, maybe whoever it was stopped by the surgery to pick him up.”
The sun set and it got darker. Occasionally a river bus passed until it got too late, then only the occasional chortling hen do or group of drunken teenagers stumbled past. By 2 am the river and the land surrounding it had grown completely still and silent except for an occasional night bus or solitary car or the sound of a group of drunks singing in the distance. But still Sherlock sat.
"You knew John was alive. You knew what he'd been doing," Sherlock said softly, his tone a bit murderous.
“Bloody terrifying,” Mary repeated. “And everyone always made Sherlock out to be the psychopath of the pair of you. He wouldn’t hurt a fly though, would he? But you John, I’d hate to be a fly that buzzed itself a little too close to Sherlock Holmes,” Mary teased.
“And the gang involvement?” Sherlock ground out, finally jumping straight to the point.
John looked between Victor and Mary. Victor was smiling teasingly and Mary rolled her eyes.
“But what if we sent a message to them instead? What if we made an example of them? ‘If you get involved with Moriarty, this is what happens to you’,” John said slowly.
“Little brother, what on earth are you doing in Southwark?”
“I already know what happened, any investigation will only confirm hardly even half of what I already know, if there is any competence left over at the Yard at all. John is dead. It’s Moriarty’s fault,” Sherlock said coldly. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have some thinking to do.”
, in your expert opinion? An enemy of yours perhaps? Or do you have some jilted lover from university that no one knows about but who you secretly harbor feelings for but broke up with anyway because you’re a stubborn arse who thinks he’s above things like love, but yet you expected Moriarty to somehow know about? What,
He raised a syringe for John to see briefly before plunging the needle into the base of John’s neck. John felt the world fade to black.
“Don’t you think I know that?” Sherlock said softly. What was Moriarty’s game this time? What was the point of a game if he couldn’t figure out how to play?
” Sherlock had snapped at him from the door, a towel wrapped around his waist fresh out of the shower. It was the first time he’d heard Sherlock speak in days. He hadn’t answered the question, instead said something mildly nagging. Sherlock had nodded, and then went back to ignoring him. Mycroft felt defeated.
"I'll make sure he comes home to you."
Mary said it didn’t have anything to do with the hair and the muscles, but the way that John carried himself. Before he was unassuming, and purposefully so. Only flashes of John’s true nature would be seen, and then quickly covered by meek shrugs and oatmeal jumpers. But now, John held himself like he “dared the world to contest that he owned it, and would take absolutely no shit,” Mary had explained eloquently and annoyingly. He didn't even know if he owned a jumper, having traded them in for t-shirts, button down shirts, fitted jackets, and anything else that might make him look like he knew what the fuck he was doing and perhaps like he did in fact, "own the world."
“Well why aren’t we on our way to Canary Wharf?” Sherlock snapped, flying up from his seat.
“Why don’t we go get some coffee or something? We’ve got a whole team who have been working all night to try and get John back. But dying of exposure isn’t going to help anything.”
“We do have someone who is linked to Moriarty. She’s a bit grey as far as her allegiances to him go. I think she likes to pretend that she has more autonomy than she really does. We also have information that she may have taken an interest in Sherlock, and we need to stop her from entering his sphere. The second he knows of her, there likely isn’t anything we can do about her without compromising ourselves,” Victor explained.
John flew out of bed instantly and went out to the living room and began to pace, waiting for Mary to elaborate. But he knew what that word meant. And it wasn’t that Victor had wrecked a car.
“LOOK AT ME!” Moriarty suddenly screamed at John, completely unprovoked. John snapped his head up reflexively.
John’s initial scream had faded into groans and grunts, but this still seemed to please Moriarty, who stood before John again grinning.
Holmes meaningfully inclined his head towards me, and I recognized such an entreaty with amusement; my modelling skills were needed. Pleased as always to act under his direction, I allowed him to deliver me into the chair and sat down, bending over the desk as any studious young man would. Holmes hummed his thanks and swung behind me, and I swallowed as I felt his hands lightly hover over my shoulders.
“Well,
They had exchanged looks over their cups of tea, both with eyes framed by dark circles and uncertain expressions. They had said very little, but by now—two months, seventeen days, three hours, and eight minutes after John had slammed Sherlock’s head into his coffin (the first time)—they had gotten rather good at saying everything that needed to be said without actually saying anything at all.
The laws regarding his Gift were absolute.
“He’s a better shot than I am,” said Lestrade defensively, by way of explanation, as John shrugged. “I’ll help you walk, and he can give us cover.”
honestly Sherlock if you thought it was going to be easy to get rid of John I’m SO sorry but you were sorely mistaken
This was science.
“Then how did no one notice it?” asked John.
“That he’s in control,” said Sherlock flatly. “That no one who plays him wins.”
In return for this information about his life in Afghanistan and his brief stint in a coffin, Sherlock deigned to inform John which of the case files he’d brought held any chance of a lead. There was a missing car salesman, an American tourist stuffed inside a hotel washing machine, a stolen art piece from a museum in Beijing, a Ukrainian businessman inexplicably dead from a bullet through his office window in Abu Dhabi.
John looked.
Lestrade and Amberley left. John and Sherlock exited 221B Baker Street and Sherlock stood with John as John waited on the sidewalk for the cab to arrive. “All right,” said Sherlock. “How did you know he was a house painter, John?”
John rubbed the back of his neck, letting out a slow and slightly shaky breath. “You’re right. I’m trying not to be ridiculous about it. But it’s… I mean, I
“Liang?”
John grew serious. "Yeah. Yeah, for sure."
“What?” said Sherlock. “Oh please John, there’s nothing all that difficult about it. You hardly use any of your brain at all. As with most people,” he added with a dismissive hand wave.
“Are you sure you can?” asked John, eyes fixed on Sherlock’s shaking hands.
“You’re fortunate my office is soundproofed, so you can get this little tantrum out of your system,” said Mycroft.
Sherlock had just barely escaped death at the Lucky Cat. Mycroft could connect the dots however he wanted, and John would always be the anomaly. The source of the problem. And he would suspect something sinister wrapped up in nice legal terms, and he would certainly not suspect magic.
“I haven’t had any sleep, but you don’t hear me complaining,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock needed some of that stupidity right now.
The silent alarm in his mind went off—a bright flashing red light, a warning sign—but Sherlock ignored it. He knew he was already on the knife’s edge, knew that one wrong step now and he’d be found days from now in a gutter with his throat slit, but he couldn’t stop. This was it. This was the rush of the case. That all-consuming need to know. And he was so close. It was
Sherlock tried not to laugh. “It’s a start. Not exactly the most impressive deduction, but at least you’re not completely hopeless.”
“Bruised doesn’t mean broken,” said John, though he gingerly touched the bridge of his nose as if to check that it was actually fine. Over the course of the afternoon, it had turned from bright red to an angry purple. “Give it a couple days and I bet it looks normal.”
Sherlock looked sideways at John—at the blood all over his clothes, at his expression, at his eyes—and then down the hallway where the paramedics had gone with Soo Lin. He took a breath. “The hospital.”
TIME TO PANIC
“Um,” managed John finally.
But Sherlock’s mind was already racing ahead, seizing onto Hope’s words and striving to make the most of what precious seconds were left of the minute. Deductions raced at inhuman speeds through the halls of his mind palace, new passages opening between rooms to connect hitherto separated information.
It had been a flawless system.
The air had a distinct smell to it, of earth and dust and something metallic.
Sherlock clapped his hands together enthusiastically. “We’re interested in him for both reasons. But we’re going to bring him down for his blackmailing.”
John was sprawled in Sherlock’s armchair in his striped blue bathrobe, feet stretched into the middle of the room in ratty slippers, his army-issue gun in his right hand. “Bored,” he drawled. He shot the gun again. Sherlock noted a large bull’s-eye composed of bullet holes and red paint on the next to the face Sherlock had shot into existence on the wall.
The sniper snarled and ground his cigarette into the sand-covered floor with one heel. He knelt, aiming through the window, and fired one shot, then another, then a third, as shots rang out from far off outside. Some soldier in the room said, “I think you got him, Moran.” Another called the base over the radio.
“Hard not to be,” said Sherlock. “It’s very original.”
Sherlock hesitated for just a moment, but decided against arguing. Maybe John was stupid, maybe he was bold, maybe he was curious. In any event, it wasn’t Sherlock’s choice to make.
Sherlock’s clenched fist was suddenly so close to John’s face that he could feel hot air on his skin as John exhaled.
~o~O~o~
Sherlock put his arm over John’s shoulders tentatively, and John stood up. The hood on John’s jacket meant Sherlock couldn’t accidentally bump John’s head or neck as they walked, so the only real concerns were John’s hands and face. John was a good six or seven inches shorter than Sherlock was, so it was practically the ideal height, but Sherlock was nevertheless barely leaning on him, fist clenched tightly and arm ramrod straight so he couldn’t grab on.
John blinked three times fast, then three times slow, then three fast again.
“You’re making this impossible for me,” said Sherlock, looking at Lestrade once more as he spoke. “How can you possibly expect me to do anything about this without being detected if even you are blocking me at every turn?”
Someone, somewhere, was dead.
John’s return smile was a little forced as he said, “We’ll try.”
John hesitated, then shook his head. “It’s… I think Sherlock should explain. The important thing is that Moriarty knows a lot more about Sherlock’s Gift than I think any of us would have ever thought possible.”
John laughed, and focused on the case in hand, leaning back against the kitchen counter. Several newspaper clippings detailed the unsuccessful investigation of a stockbroker’s mysterious demise.
“That’s what’s so dangerous about it,” said Sherlock feverishly. “The toxin can, theoretically, be manufactured at home. It develops in low-oxygen environments from the same spores that create the bacteria associated with food poisoning. Incubating it from spoiled canned foods, if you know how to identify and isolate the bacteria, wouldn’t be that hard.”
“The door,” repeated John.
Legs straining and lungs burning with the effort, Sherlock picked up his pace even more. He careened into the atrium in time to see the fleeing members of the Black Lotus pull open a metal grate set into the base of one wall with a heavy clang. “STOP!” he bellowed again, as they frantically dove through the opening, and he caught up just as the last of them slipped through the gap.
Sherlock frowned. “I didn’t do anything.”
Sherlock watched Mycroft’s car turn the corner. He sucked in a deep, irritated breath and let it out before he said, “That should be abundantly clear by now.” He spun about to go back inside.
John had stopped much quicker than Sherlock and backed away several steps to look up at the building. He raised an arm and pointed high into the air over the building. “Smoke,” he said quietly, as if he couldn’t quite believe it. “Looks like it’s coming from the back of the building along the river.” He looked at Sherlock, comprehension dawning on his face. “You don’t think Moriarty actually…?”
no one deserves Molly
the one who taught me that the only way to stop people from learning your secrets is to be the only person who ever knows them,” said Sherlock. “
“Oh yes,” John muttered. “I have a bad feeling that he is.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Anyway.
Mycroft sighed. “It would be a risk for Sherlock, pointless for me, and has thus far proven been a waste of time and effort for my subordinates.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No idea,” answered the landlady. “I went to bed early, and I didn’t hear him come in. But I could hear you pacing around so late, so I thought you both might like some coffee.”
“I wouldn’t keep you around if you didn’t serve a purpose,” said Sherlock.
“That is the weirdest thank-you I’ve ever gotten,” said John, smiling. “But I’ll take it. And you’re welcome.”
But Molly shook her head, and Sherlock’s stomach sank.
Sure enough, there was an audible wail of sirens outside within a few minutes. John opened the front door just enough to see a swarm of police cars, fire engines, and ambulances flooding the street. He waited until he saw Lestrade leap out of the leading car and head straight for 221B, and then he opened the door the rest of the way to greet the inspector on the steps.
John frowned. “You’re joking. That could be anything.”
“Alone is good, John,” said Sherlock, hands in his pockets as he moved to the door. He paused in the doorframe. “Certainly effective. It’s worked fine for as long as I can remember. Which is quite long. Alone is efficient. Alone protects me.”
“Does this man look at all familiar?” he said.
Writing this chapter turned out to be even more challenging than I thought it would be, but every bit as exciting as I'd hoped. I've been beyond excited to hit this point, you have no idea. So I hope the chapter effectively ties up some loose ends (like who freaking died for John--and three cheers to everyone who saw this coming long ago XD) while introducing the real issues here…
“Yeah,” said John. “Like, really frowning.”
This was not unusual. Young Sherlock was wont to spend significantly more time letting his imagination run wild than focusing on all the boring, important things people would have him do. After all, what child is going to focus on summer homework and taking out the trash when the mysteries of the universe lie in wait under their nose, waiting to be solved?
“Then why share so much information with me? You’ve given me access to what I can only assume is years’ worth of your work.”
"Just fine, yeah," said Lestrade, trying to ignore the fact that, in spite of being someone of actual rank and authority, he somehow always turned into Sherlock's assistant whenever they worked together. "We were actually just hoping to catch you. Are you on your way out?"
Sherlock: how about i keep it
“Understood,” said John with a nod.
Sherlock’s gaze dropped to his cup, and he stared into it for a moment. At last, he said, “I’d be an idiot if I wasn’t. Especially now that we know exactly what he’s capable of.”
“It’s not,” said Sherlock. “And… I can prove it.”
“That’s up to him, isn’t it?” Sherlock asked, halfway between evasive and defensive.
“Here!” John’s voice shouted back, from the first room where the commotion had been.
Lestrade sighed wearily. “They’re professionally trained—“
Sherlock made to follow him, and a piece of paper rustled under his shoe. He bent, and picked it up. It was a tiny folded note. It looked like it had been slipped under the door, or perhaps had been wedged between the door and frame and had fluttered to the floor when the door was opened. He unfolded the scrap of paper.
Sherlock seemed utterly perplexed by the question. “Me?”
As always, thanks to my beta, the lovely and brilliant
The windows had been blown in from outside; there was smoke in the street billowing from the upper floor of a building opposite them. A bomb, maybe, in the building across the way. One explosion, one site of detonation—close enough to hurt them, but not so close as to kill them, not outright.
~o~O~o~
John met his gaze. “Well, where else would I be if not running after you, saving your ass?” Both men smiled, then John took a deep breath and said, all business, “I guess I’ll see how I do on my own this time.”
John sighed. “Well, when you didn’t come back for a day, I—“
“… Why would I do that,” he managed.
silly John
The Detective ran and the Doctor followed.
John didn’t react, but Sherlock’s heart rate somehow managed to increase further, shuddering and racing so desperately that he thought setting it on fire might actually be less painful.
John scowled and nodded.
Certainly a name, of a man or an empire. Moriarty, potentially a name of Irish roots tracing back to the name Ó Muircheartaigh, ‘descendant of Muircheartach’, and therefore the lineage of the Anglicized Moriarty. Likely composed of the Gaelic elements ‘muir’, meaning sea, and ‘ceardach’, meaning skilled. A name meaning ‘skilled navigator’.
Lestrade stared at Sherlock, livid. “Oh no,” he said harshly. “You’re going to shut up. Do you have any idea of the position you’ve just put me in? It’s not like I can explain this all away. If anyone started to suspect something was wrong, it’s me they’d go for, Sherlock—I let you in on the sodding case!”
done it.
Sherlock stretched out his hand.
Sherlock smiled to himself as John’s hurried steps faded away, and then he turned his attention back to his phone.
“Then it’s settled. We’ll be back in a few hours, once we’ve determined if Moriarty can be traced after leaving the pool,” said Mycroft. He looked sternly at Sherlock. “
“Why? Because this is your fault?” asked Lestrade dryly.
it probably will kill me
uses us and disposes of us without thinking twice.” She dabbed her eyes on her sleeve.
John was evidently the only person who had no idea what was going on (which wasn’t that out of the ordinary, when he thought about it). “What’re you doing here, Greg?”
“But—“ Here again was Sherlock’s determination that doing things on his own was always the best way, his mantra that ‘alone protects me’. John hadn’t bought it before when it had resulted in Sherlock being abducted. And he didn’t buy it now either. He’d been hoping that Sherlock would have learned this lesson after the Lucky Cat, but apparently not yet. It seemed there was a difference between lecturing John about the minutia of the case and actually asking for help. John said, “But maybe you shouldn’t. Wasn’t Mycroft’s whole point that Moriarty wasn’t the sort of person you should deal with by yourself? That doesn’t just mean you shouldn’t go running around looking for messages alone; it means you shouldn’t work on them alone either. Involving the police or Mycroft isn’t the end of the world. It might be better.”
Sherlock wrote on his arm:
“Farewell and Allgood,” Sherlock said again. “
“No.” John shoved all of his things under the bed with his feet, refusing to surrender the duffel.
“I… don’t mind, I suppose,” said Sherlock, frowning. He glanced in John’s direction, catching his gaze with a mute question.
But perhaps this would be a good thing.
Before two days had passed, John moved from his bedroom to the sofa to sleep, just so he’d be around when Sherlock returned with news.
Without missing a beat, John snatched the other pillow up from the bed and held it threateningly, poised to hurl it. “So help me
"Listen, I think I'm going to step outside while you, you know, investigate," said Lestrade. He preferred to let Sherlock handle the admittedly-kind-of-creepy dead-people-talking bit himself. Besides, he reasoned, they needed to get Molly out of the room. "Molly, could I borrow you for a minute? I wanted to talk to you anyway. We can let Sherlock do his thing—you know he'll behave."
“So this is a matter of pride to you?”
He and Mycroft exchanged a knowing look and walked after Sherlock. They passed him, and continued on towards the doors leading out of the pool, anticipating a quick departure—but Sherlock didn’t follow them. They both stopped, and hung back, watching Sherlock look at Yao with some trepidation.
out of the picture, could he talk to them then? He didn’t even know if his friends or family knew he had died. If they did, how did he explain not being dead anymore? How did he explain not only being alive, again, but also, apparently, sort of immortal?
“In what way would it possibly be better?” asked Sherlock drily. “I don’t want their help. Lestrade and his people will bumble around and make a mess of everything, and Mycroft will overstep and be a controlling pain in the arse just like he always is.”
“… Why?” Sherlock asked. “Why care so much? Why do – why do
Baker Street had been quiet. John almost missed the excitement of having a bomb go off.
Jeff Hope, the cab driver, opened his eyes, and took in his surroundings in one sweeping look. He caught sight of Sherlock and frowned. “Sherlock Holmes?”
“Good. You can leave me a signal around the service doors if there’s a problem. Otherwise I’ll come in that way to meet you.”
Kitty met his eyes, her gaze intense. “Listen, you don’t know him like I do. You don’t know how far he could go.”
“I guess not,” Moran replied, looking amused.
“You care that much?”
“He wasn’t really a nice man, was he?” said John, grinning in spite of himself as the knot of guilt that had rested in the pit of his stomach for the last few days finally eased.
“I just want to help.” Molly shifted, glancing down the hall where Sherlock had vanished. “I know he’s trying to do good things. Help people get justice, even after they’ve died. Maybe the methods he uses are a little – unusual, but… well, it’s still a good thing.”
“Stay close to me,” said Lestrade, getting to his feet.
Protecting himself was pretty much out of the question. He could struggle and resist, but there would be no way to stop someone opening the door and shooting him in the head. So his only real option was to leave a message for those who would come looking for him. But his phone was gone. He had no writing implements.
“I had counted on you being a bit slower than this,” said Sherlock.
~ Prologue ~
Sherlock bristled at the text. He stopped in the middle of the sidewalk and stood a full five seconds, letting the annoyance bubble up to the surface before he replied.
“Gruner might be starting to realize the error of his ways,” said Sherlock.
with you?!”
John sighed in exasperation. “I’m not going to humiliate myself trying to—“
“Do not cross us, Mr. Holmes,” said Shan unkindly, her voice gaining a cautionary sharpness. “You are here, alone, with no hope of rescue. You might be the famous Detective, but you are out of luck.”
“Right,” nodded John. “Which is why I’m here, not dead. Yeah?”
the case… I want to know.”
Just then, there was a quiet knock at the door, and Mrs. Hudson stuck her head in. “You’ve got company,” she said.
She bit her lip.
Sherlock let out a very loud and very fake cough.
"Greg."
“Honestly? I have no idea,” Sherlock confessed. That was the real stress of the whole operation. They were hoping to catch someone they wouldn’t be able to recognize. Was it really possible to watch for the sniper when the entire point of this was to find out who the sniper was?
The moment he said it, Sherlock knew he’d said the wrong thing. John looked as if Sherlock had just punched him.
“More or less,” said Sherlock with an affirming nod. “First touch, life; second touch, death, forever, permanently. Which,” he added, “is why I told you not to touch me yesterday. And I will ask you not do so in future. I acknowledge when sharing living quarters this may be complicated, but I must insist.”
“In the morning,” said Sherlock, still speaking into the sofa cushions.
"Goodbye, Geoffrey," he said suddenly, and stalked over to his waiting taxi.
He cleared his throat. “Just trying to make sure no one saw us fleeing the morgue last night,” he half-lied. After all, he expected his Network to report such things back to him. The key information would be that concerning who
About the coffin, John remembered nothing of interest. Cramped, boring, silent darkness, until Sherlock’s head materialized out of the dark, and John slammed his head into the lid.
“What point?”
“Oh, fuck you and your mind palace,” John said, turning away from Sherlock but certain that Sherlock knew he was smiling. “What did you get?”
“That’s right,” said the cabbie.
The necessary course of action was obvious. But Sherlock paused for consideration anyway, largely because this meant accepting responsibility. But it was far too late to turn back now. He’d gone this far. He’d accepted the Case. The Game was on.
John sighed. “So it’s not so much that we have new information—it’s more like we have confirmed that our theories are right?”
“No point, those are easy, and why on Earth would I want to break into your—“
a big deal? The terrorist threat bearing down on London that John might—
Sherlock grimaced, but held still this time and watched John clean the wound.
Moriarty’s mouth twisted into a little frown, and he looked almost sad for a moment, unexpectedly pitying. He took a few steps forward, past Zhi Zhu’s body, past John, until he stood right in front of Sherlock. He looked at Sherlock closely, inches from his face, looking up at him with his eyes narrowed. “Why are you so determined to keep pretending?” he asked softly. “I told you, Sherlock, you
Sherlock’s phone beeped. Sherlock checked the screen and turned to John. “Looks like we have another case already; Lestrade said he heard about a double homicide on the radio, door locked from the inside, no weapon. Coming?”
“Did he?” said John, pausing with one foot on the stairs. Both of his hands wrapped around his mug. He’d decided to remove his sling earlier that morning. “And?”
John’s hands clenched in his lap.
Sherlock looked up, keeping his face smooth. “Do you mind if I answer this?” he said, in an unusual gesture of politeness.
John absently picked up a random magazine off the nearest table, without looking at it. “Why? What’s going on? Who was that?”
“Ah.” Sherlock adjusted his grip on the gun to hold it steady with both hands. “So you intend to threaten me.”
Sherlock snorted, and continued, “She fell off a cliff. Apparently Gruner and his late wife enjoyed hiking, but she died on a hike across the Italian portion of the Alps. Gruner was suspected of pushing her to her death, but it seems a legal technicality and the unfortunate death of the only witness—who was just another hiker that happened to be passing nearby—meant he was acquitted based on a lack of evidence.”
I'M BACK, BABY
Sherlock turned his attention back to the corridor and turned a corner. John followed smoothly.
“They’re not retro, they’re original,” said Sherlock, holding up his phone for John to see. It was open to a page listing an identical pair of shoes for sale, with ‘LIMITED EDITION TWO BLUE STRIPES, 1989’ very visible in the title of the advert.
Furthermore, the bird had not had a discernible pulse for the brief second he had touched it.
“Was it?” said Lestrade in surprise.
The use of brute force and violence as a means of persuasion and intimidation might work with other,
“Thanks, Mrs. Hudson,” said John, setting his feet on the floor and rubbing the back of his neck. “I’ll wake him up and we’ll come down later, yeah?”
After a few minutes of fussing, the visitor’s coat was hung next to the front door, tea had been politely refused, and Sherlock, John, and the woman from the Black Lotus had moved up to the flat. John was the last one in, and he closed the door most of the way. Sherlock crossed straight to the windows and peered out at the street, checking to see if it was still empty; when it was, he pulled the curtains shut over the windows.
It was this, more than anything, that helped John make up his mind.
“A what?” he spluttered, eyes watering from hot tea down his front and up his nose.
The paramedic looked confused. “It’s a shock blanket. For shock. You’re probably in shock.”
Which is how it happened that one Captain John Hamish Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers was riding in the back of the first ambulance to reach the scene of a bombed convoy just outside of Sangin, Afghanistan, and was the first man on the streets when the ambulance stopped.
John frowned, but nodded. He set the bag down in the coffin and dug out some fresh clothes.
“Sure,” said John, his expression still uneasy.
“I’m surprised you agreed to that,” said Sherlock, eyes on the mask, trying to disguise how unsettling he found it with a decidedly judgmental tone.
“In any case, the bullet in the desk was readily available for us to compare with the other bullets we’ve attributed to Moriarty and his sniper,” Mycroft continued. “The weapon was a match to the weapon used on you, John, as well as Shan and Zhi Zhu Yao, to name a few. Not to mention the hit itself, had it been successful, would have been of the same caliber as those past kills we’ve identified as his. There’s a certain skill threshold one has to cross to be able to make a shot from that distance.”
“Are we going to repeat this a few more times, Inspector, or are you going to give me context?” said Sherlock, adopting a tone of perfect and absolute boredom.
John gaped.
They stood there, Detective and Doctor, in silence for a few minutes, the steady hum of distant cars and the wind over the distant Thames the only sound filling the void.
“Not at all.” Sherlock kept his tone conversational. “But then, none of the people you’ve used or disposed of have much meaning to you, do they? You’ve helped killers.
John lay back down, looking up at the ceiling overhead, and immediately decided to go back to sleep and deal with all of this in a couple hours.
John swallowed. “… I don’t have anything to say.”
“It’s a mixed blessing,” said Sherlock. “You don’t have to worry about being abducted by special forces in the middle of the night and forced to live as an exiled foreign national in the country of Mycroft’s choosing for the rest of your life just because you make him uneasy,
. Don’t be
A few trips up and down the stairs to the linen closet and half an hour of rummaging later, and John had made up the bed and put away his meager belongings in the wardrobe.
Lestrade was waiting for Sherlock and John in the flat when they returned. Sherlock prepared to hustle John past Lestrade and out of sight, but instead the policeman stopped John in the living room, and extended a hand.
Sherlock showered and dressed before tidying his room. He struggled to be efficient like John was in the morning; John merely had to tug the blankets on his bed into place and tidy some of the laundry lying about in the morning to return his room to order. Sherlock’s, on the other hand, was a mess of papers and bits of experiments, so this effort was entirely lost on the overall effect. However, Sherlock was determined to play the part of Dr. Watson to an award-winning level.
Sherlock shook his head sharply. “No.”
It swung inward at his touch, already open.
“It’s human,” said Sherlock, neither approving nor disapproving. “And yes, he does. And – so do I. Against my better judgment.”
anymore?!
Of course, he had no way of knowing that the answers in question were, at this moment, honking a car horn without pause, as if daring him to notice.
“Name?” said Sherlock coolly.
And who could possibly have wanted to do that…
Several minutes passed. The soldiers at the door moved inside to take up watch positions.
“Gruner refused to cooperate,” said Sherlock, scowling and dropping into his usual chair.
“Do you think you can make it up to the flat?” asked John gently, turning around in his seat to look at Sherlock. The bulletproof vest he’d borrowed for the raid on the Lucky Cat Emporium sat at his feet on the floor of Lestrade’s car, but he still wore the hooded jacket, in case he needed to help Sherlock inside.
“How likely is it that any of a number of small-scale, terrified criminals are going to betray the Devil?”
Sherlock let it go at that. For perhaps the first time in his life, he didn’t entirely object to the idea of people wanting to make sure he was all right. Especially when he genuinely wasn’t sure himself.
“This isn’t a war.”
“No.” The reply was automatic. After a moment, however, Sherlock ventured, “You do – you know, believe me, then. You don’t doubt the circumstances that have resulted in your being here.”
Sherlock gave him a look. “Sometimes you’re even more of a bastard than I am.”
Let’s keep this between us.
“Yes…?” said John.
for Moriarty to know.
This chapter is also partly to blame, because I just could
,” said Sherlock flatly. “I’m well aware.”
Sherlock could see John’s face sink a little, and he couldn’t entirely quash the wave of guilt it made him feel. “Only for the immediate future. I’ll take care of it.”
“So you don’t have to deal with someone prying into your business again,” said Mycroft. “It isn’t airtight, of course, but it’s better than nothing. On the record, there is still a John Watson who died in active service in Afghanistan. But according to all of this, you’re also a John Watson who served in Afghanistan. Except you were honorably discharged. Not killed.”
~o~O~o~
Sherlock’s phone buzzed, and he took advantage of John’s momentary panic to check the message.
John looked up. “What?”
Sherlock threw himself down in his chair, dropping his phone onto the coffee table. “Meeting with my Network. I have a group of homeless individuals with whom I’ve established a good reputation. They provide me with information when I ask.”
Sherlock: or something intelligent
are big deals.”
“You can’t possibly stay here,” said Mycroft crisply.
“Yes,” said Sherlock shortly, and he did not elaborate further than that.
“Meaning I was not exaggerating when I commented on their exceptional skill as a criminal,” elaborated Sherlock, wishing the effort to keep up by both Doctor and Inspector was considerably greater.
to find ‘im.” Fred’s voice was plaintive, twisting my heartstrings. “Please, Mr. ‘Olmes. Will you ‘elp me?”
“Holmes." His name in my mouth had never been colder. "I am not one of your experiments."
“As appreciative as I am of your gentlemanly nature, Watson, I
“It will be far more expedient if the both of us went,” Holmes insisted. “You are my Boswell, Watson, but you cannot possibly ask the questions that I would likely pose. No, I must attend with you.”
very skilled,” I hummed, brow furrowing in consternation. I remembered my own observation about the path earlier. “And requires a somewhat intimate knowledge of the premises, wouldn’t you say, Holmes?” I was rewarded with another proud glance from my friend that sent warmth blossoming in my chest.
boots? I wondered.
“Oh, but he does not
“I am not worried,” Holmes mumbles.
“Holmes!” I whispered harshly, about to lecture him for the impropriety, but no sooner had I spoken had he emerged from the room, brow creased and lips pressed tightly together in thought. He opened the linen closet, peering inside, and then scoured the walls of the hallway with uncompromising consideration. Before I could ask what he was searching for, he snapped his fingers and looked up at me, radiant with a realization I could not begin to surmise.
she said, through her teeth, but in that moment where she looked to her husband, Holmes lunged forward. He struck out his arm, quick as lightning, and she gave an outraged cry as the phial went flying through the air. In the next moment, Hopkins seized her properly by the arms, and she howled in indignation.
Holmes lifted an eyebrow, turning to me precisely as I glanced to him, and I practically glowed within at the approval I found in his gaze.
"Holmes..."
Exasperated, I raised my voice. “Wake up,” I said, giving him a proper shake. “Come on, now!”
“With ample minutes to spare,” Holmes says, and the faint breathlessness I hear in his voice is a quality to covet.
Holmes gave an impatient huff. “It has been pouring rain and blowing a hurricane ever since. It will be harder to read now than the palimpsest!” He sighed sharply. “Well, it can’t be helped. What did you do, Hopkins, after you had made certain that you had made certain of nothing?” Through years of practice, my expression did not change at Holmes’s snappishness, and I swallowed any chance of a chuckle at poor Hopkins’s expense.
I was running, faster than I’d ever run my life, pumping my legs like pistons out the door and down the hundred yards towards the main road. The Corams had no stables, my only chance—
I smiled, warm to my core. "Hmm?"
“Indeed.”
"Yes, going on six, sir."
“A pleasure,” Thomas said, shaking Holmes’s gloved hand with aplomb. “Always a treat to see new faces round here. You’ll have to keep a watch on this one, old boy, you know how this crowd takes to fresh blood.” Thomas gave Holmes an appraising, playful look. “Especially when they’re as dapper as your friend here.”
“Yes,” I said thickly. “Yes, I recognize it. I have seen it before, and I know what it means. Where it is from.” Holmes said nothing, clearly waiting for me to continue, tension taking hold of his lithe body and furrowing his brow.
“Good,” I said shortly, shooting a quelling look at Holmes as he opened his mouth to speak.
“You’re smarter than your written counterpart, then,” she said, smiling, and it was by and large the cruelest smile I had ever seen grace the face of a woman. “You are right. We cannot let you go.”
to is radical enough to move me to action, Watson. Before, what little I had been exposed to of…sexual relations had seemed to me base. Messy. Overwhelming in some aspects, uncomfortable in others. But…” Holmes cleared his throat, fingers anxiously drumming the study chair's upholstery. “I would be willing to try. With you only.”
In half the time which he’d named, Holmes had captured the housekeeper’s goodwill, chatting with her as if he had known her for years, and soon she was inviting the three of us into her home for some tea.
Breathless with terror, I rode hard to the edge of the bank of the stream and felt a dagger pierce my heart. There, I saw the toppled carriage half submerged in the creek, and there I saw Coram, soaked to the bone, hands wrapped tight around Watson’s neck and forcing his head beneath the rushing water.
Holmes did not respond, remaining as still as a statue as I reached for my hat, and it was only when I moved towards the door that he finally spoke.
Johann licked cracked lips. “They sent me back a message agreeing to the meet a few hours ago. They will be here soon.”
Holmes leaned forward like a willow trunk in the breeze. “Your luggage, sir?”
“A logical assumption, in part concluded from the Professor himself.”
“That’s—that’s not for personal use, sir,” the station master said weakly, and Holmes made a contemptuous noise under his breath.
“Missing train?” said the man, his ire retreating somewhat. “Aye, I heard it disappeared or something like it. Nonsense, I say, probably just took a wrong turn at a rail switch. Besides, it don’t concern me anyhow—me and my mates, we would have got off before London. And our tickets were valid, no doubt about it! And to top it all, the inspector gave everyone the boot—everyone but a cab of rich.” The man sneered. “Cuz o’course, their type don’t
, I thought, mind perilously close to derailment.
“I had to practically carry you inside,” I snapped, irritated to be making the same point I’d already hammered to ground several times over.
?” I lean up from him, crossing my arms. “
“A hundred yards or so from the manor.”
“Watson,” Holmes whispered, tilting into my touch. “My dear fellow, I am alright. Please. Do not be frightened.”
“You will find ‘im, won’t you Mr. ‘Olmes?” Wiggins said, eyes narrowed.
Across from me, murder rumbled across my friend’s face like distant thunder. Coram’s gun pressed deeper into my carotid.
“I knew there must be a mechanism to unlock the room from inside. I found a panel in the dark, and reversed it to release us. Eventually.” He bit out the word, but swallowed hard. The stillness returned to his face. “I knew time was of the essence. I ran down the stairs, past the injured constable—”
“We are certainly not,” Holmes said coolly, folding his arms. “We are—”
“Not without substantial difficulty,” Holmes concurred.
“I am, sir,” the man said anxiously, looking at my friend as if he were the next of many to lay into him about poor service. “How can I help you? If this is about the delays, I’m very sorry but—”
tysm for all the kudoses! next week is the penultimate chapter and absolutely brimming with pining, so stay tuned <3 leave a comment if you like the story so far, it means a lot <3
The two of us quickly moved where we’d been directed, past a small iron gate sectioning off a walled area just left of the train tracks. What we found, however, was surprising enough to draw me to stare.
Wiggins shook his head. “We know how to duck trouble, Mr. ‘Olmes.” His green eyes sparkled. “It’ll just cost ya.”
Holmes’s gaze drew to the floor, the smoke of his eyes darkening into midnight smog.
Holmes’s face twitched, but otherwise, he said nothing. I had heard similar crude talk before in London, and I had little tolerance for it. I opened my mouth to say as much, but Holmes cut me a sharp glance.
then sneak into Mr. Smith’s room swiftly, all without being seen.”
“Bollocks to that,” I harrumphed, and he threw back his noble head to laugh, caught surprised by my poor language. I would utilize every curse in my repertoire if it kept him in good humor, and it was quite lengthy after my time in the army.
Holmes pressed his lips together, an edge twisting in a mischievous smile. “That, my dear Watson, was a fabrication. England’s best bloodhound could not have detected anything but the stench of tobacco in
“Holmes. I love you.”
"Watson," Holmes said softly, my name a low note of despair. I closed my eyes. My fingers seized over the brandy glass in my hand, and I resisted the urge to volley it across the room and send it shattering.
“The detective Hopkins for you, Mr. Holmes,” Mrs. Hudson announced upon opening our door wide, and the young inspector bowed his head in greeting. His waterproof glistened with morning rain.
“And no later, my friend. Time is of the essence.”
Eventually, encouraged by the pointed drop of the check, we were stirred to end our meal. As we left, I expressed my regret that I could not join him on his sojourn home.
I had only simple answers. "Because you are a good man," I said. "And because I love you terribly."
“Do continue,” Holmes said intently, and his eyes flickered to mine with an intrigue that reflected my own. I buried a smile as I extended tea to the inspector.
“Holmes,” I said, staring at him in disbelief.
The Corams. Tell me everything.”
air its patrons desired. The walls were lined in thick velvet curtains, which could be drawn over any seated alcove for privacy, and the place could practically be split in twain as the night went on, as the women took to the high stools at the right and the men took over the other side. The Circle was one of the fewer bars of its kind to allow women and I thought it just so too: the bar, dance floor, and stage were neutral areas no matter how very cliqueish the members were, and a few bouncers—also men and two particularly intimidating ladies—kept the peace better than any hired hand I'd seen.
nothing of this.
Holmes’s gaze had drifted from my face to my collar and gone unseeing, his penetrating attention closing behind an invisible wall. “I raced to the bankside. I saw—I saw Coram, standing over you. I...flew at him, with the intention to kill him where he stood.”
of the Prime Minister,” Holmes said baldly.
“Scotland Yard has also sent me back their reply,” said Holmes. “Lestrade is hardly pleased with the vague nature of our message, but he has moved on my advice with less.”
“Mmm, I suppose,” I hummed, biting the inside of my cheek, and beside me, Holmes cleared his throat.
Holmes's eyebrows shot to his hairline, and in an instant he darted to my side, snatching the letter from my grasp. Tearing it open and dashing its envelope in pieces across the carpet, Holmes unfolded the letter and rapidly scanned his eyes across its contents. Unconsciously, as one hand grasped the letter, the other clamped down on the back of my chair as he leaned over my shoulder.
“Nearly an hour,” I say consideringly, as his hands slide up my back. My legs slot carefully between his, mindful not to press too much of my weight upon him, and the contact practically simmers beneath the surface of my skin. The fabric of Holmes’s sleepshirt is worn and thin to the point of madness.
"You," I started, but found myself at a loss for words. Hopeless, I echoed, "Environmental stimuli?"
that voice entreated again, and even in my mind, the sound of his name in that voice, that knowing tone, fluttered in my breast. “
Inhaling sharply, I lifted my wrists. Holmes, for a moment, dragged his glare from Coram to meet my gaze. The emotion I witnessed in that glance briefly caused my lungs to malfunction. Behind the outrage, his eyes were filled with what I could only call fear. Not for himself, but for me. It was unbearable.
“The marks on your throat tell a different story, Watson,” he said tonelessly. Automatically, my fingers moved to my abused throat, and I grimaced, the vaguest of memories flickering through my mind of pressure and darkness. Luckily, I had little recollection of the horror which Holmes had described. I would likely have bruises for a few weeks.
“Mmm, yes,” Holmes hummed, squinting. “Someone indeed has passed along. Observe, two sets of prints, to the gate and back. Our lady must have picked her steps carefully. Walking in the grass would have left a trail, but walking on the dirt path would have left an even clearer one in the fresh mud.”
“I cannot say for certain,” Holmes replied. “It depends upon those cigarettes that I smoked. It is possible that I am utterly mistaken but—no, there is something there, and the cigarettes will show us the truth.”
Taken by surprise, he shouted as I barreled my full weight into him. His back struck the ground and I heard the oxygen wheeze from his lungs, the rattle of his stick scattering away across the cobblestones. I reeled back from atop him, launching my fist against his jaw. His neck snapped to the right, eyes popping wide, and without hesitation, I leveled another, slamming the bleeding knuckles of my left hand into his other cheek. His head jerked and I saw the whites of his eyes as they rolled backwards, and the man went boneless beneath me.
“Coded, as young Mr. Ables described,” Holmes said, grey eyes dropping to begin his dissection. “But Peter Ables is no mastermind, merely careful to conceal himself from any possible prying eyes. It is a simpler code, and one I’ve seen before.” He shifted through the papers, and at the last, his eyebrows lifted to his hairline. If I wasn’t mistaken, I thought I perceived a hint of a blush spreading across Holmes’s pale cheekbones.
"What the devil are you doing here?" The lieutenant snapped.
“Watson!” I gasped, as he sputtered and coughed in my embrace, his cuffed hands flying up as his body contorted to eject the water in his lungs. His spine rent upwards and I tilted him sideways, and water, petrifying gouts of it, gushed from his mouth.
Thanks to my fabulous beta RoseAngel, as always!
“Can’t talk. Need to watch this potassium nitrate until it’s completely burned off,” said a voice from across the room.
“Like what?”
“Now,” corrected John.
Something twinged painfully in Sherlock’s chest, and he immediately stopped trying to read.
“But the Black Lotus’ resources and influence are nothing compared to Moriarty’s,” said Mycroft. “You caused enough of a scene to get everyone’s attention, from the Black Lotus all the way up to the top. If you keep following this case, it’s only a matter of time before you’re a problem. If he hasn’t done so already, Moriarty will contact you. A puzzle, or a challenge—some kind of invitation to engage. To those of us hunting him, it looks like a lead to get closer to him. But to Moriarty, it’s an easy way to figure out how soon he needs you dead. The safest thing to do would be to back down now.”
“I told the lab to call me right away and I told you I’d call you right away when I heard back. So, like, were you actually asleep just now? I didn’t know you sleep.”
“So? What does that mean?”
“I can’t,” said Sherlock again, louder this time, breaking eye contact with John to look at Moriarty. “I’m sorry. But I can’t bring him back.”
Young Sherlock had found himself faced with life, death, and what lay between. He found himself questioning morality, humanity, and mortality.
The silence spoke for them.
Sherlock stood in the doorway, face pale, hair wild, and eyes narrowed.
Sherlock shrugged, sitting down across from John so they were on either side of the table. “Moriarty’s a busy man. There will be another case sooner or later. We don’t know what he’s got in mind for this one.”
, freak?”
stuck, but he’d be fine. He was always fine.
With a light intake of breath, John pulled out his gun from where it had been hidden at the small of his back. He glanced at Sherlock, before cocking it and settling the grip in both hands.
John giggled as well, and when he shot a glance at Mycroft, he saw the older Holmes gazing at Sherlock in surprise, as though he’d forgotten what his brother laughing actually sounded like.
broken?”
good with that extra gravitas. Highlights the intensity.”
Watson kept quiet and waited.
Rather than waste time arguing, Sherlock swept out the door and slammed it behind him.
“It means he’s like me!” said Sherlock, voice escaping as a yell. John thought he’d probably been on the verge of yelling since they first arrived at the flat, but it was now—with the truth of it finally stated aloud—that it burst out of him. Sherlock whipped his head up to glare at them all. “Do you understand? He’s like me. Moriarty is just. Like. Me.”
Sherlock scowled at the twinge of guilt this evoked somewhere around his left ventricle. “I
There was no one in.
, John, it’s all in the details…”—and listened to Sherlock’s critique of his writing style with only mild irritation. Sherlock, for his part, went through both case files and John’s notes, searching for common threads that might tie it all together. The research was important – essential, even – but tedious. He ordered Chinese takeaway as night was falling, and as soon as it had arrived, he deposited the plastic bag on the counter and grabbed his coat. He could direct his Homeless Network whenever the tedium became too much. He ignored John’s objections about the lateness of the hour and the human body’s need for caloric intake, and swept out into the London night, leaving John to pick aimlessly at eggrolls and lo mein.
“God, that’d be brilliant,” said John, still out of breath, but as Sherlock started up the stairs to the second floor, John picked up his bag once more and followed.
He could hear giggling in his earpiece.
If they came close enough when they came to kill him, he could disarm a single opponent without the use of his hands. If it was a close range, execution-style kill, he might be able to. If he could at least come into direct contact, there could be potential for DNA evidence. A hair. Skin. Saliva. Sweat. He had to attack. He just had to get close enough to get in a hit of his own. A good hit.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how much Soo Lin did or didn’t know about his Gift. He suspected that all of the Black Lotus might know something about the power he and Moriarty shared, but there was no way of knowing—without asking outright—how detailed that something might be. He decided to proceed without being specific, just in case. He was inclined to trust Soo Lin, for reasons he didn’t entirely understand, but he wasn’t about to share everything within minutes of first meeting her. “Moriarty killed him because of me,” he said after a moment. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John blink—a subtly-surprised expression on his face—at Sherlock’s tone, which was quiet and apologetic rather than businesslike. “I’m not saying this because I want to make you regret coming here. I want to be truthful with you in exchange for the information you’ve given me, especially because I was as involved in your brother’s death as Moriarty is. Your brother was killed as part of a warning given to me. So it is arguably my fault.”
Once more, dear readers, a thousand apologies for the huge delay in getting this chapter completed and posted.
lazy that it doesn’t matter. If it involves actual physical exertion, I’ve got the upper hand every time. If Mycroft can’t solve a problem through watching CCTV footage or arranging a teatime meeting to threaten someone, he won’t solve it.”
“So you admit this is—“ started Mycroft.
John, isn’t it?”
Thank you all so much for your support and feedback and patience most of all! You're amazing and it means a lot to me <3 I love writing this story so I promise you, no matter how much life interferes, I'm finishing this thing
John shrugged. “I thought I’d walk to the shops and get us a couple things. I can get some takeaway on the way back. I think we’re working from here today.”
Sherlock drove, quickly and rather dangerously, speeding through intersections and weaving to and fro to avoid holdups whenever possible.
He was rapidly ceasing to care about the coagulating bloody toes in the fridge at home, in lieu of this much more interesting case walking along next to him.
Lestrade waved, before lengthening his stride to catch up with Sherlock.
“Thank you.”
, Lestrade?" His dismay at the question was fueled rather readily by an unfamiliar sensation in the pit of his stomach. A sort of anxious squirming. Was it a disease? An intestinal parasite? No, no, that was ridiculous…
Sherlock frowned in surprise. He wouldn’t have guessed that this was the upsetting part. “Semi-immortal. I say semi, but—“
“I want to get the photos in the hands of the police,” said Sherlock. “But to do that, I need to know where the photos are and how they’re being kept.”
Sherlock smiled. “I should have known, considering the route he took to take me to Bart’s.”
“You ask too many questions. Make too many inquiries. We—and our employer—have found it necessary to prevent you from continuing to do what is so clearly foolish. Your investigations must cease. We hope you understand what is meant by this.”
John blinked. “Then…?”
John’s eyebrows were rising with each passing, awkward sentence.
“I—oh, fine,” said Mycroft, digging in his pocket and dropping a key ring into Sherlock’s outstretched hand. “But—“
And it was foolish, and pointless, to stand there and feel
John was – possibly wondering where he was by now.
All he had was an instinct that told him that he’d feel a hell of a lot better about his chances with Moriarty’s people if he had a gun.
Lestrade pointed sharply at the morgue. “That’s what’s wrong. Our soldier is missing.”
The room had been trashed but not searched, and there had been no attempt to obfuscate the intruders’ purpose. All signs of the obvious struggle were left in a deliberate, clear message.
To all of you still reading, thank you so much for sticking with me! Your feedback means a lot :D <3
When Sherlock returned to the sitting room John had not moved. Sherlock took a bit of toast and jam from the kitchen and had breakfast. God, John’s life was dull. Shower, clothes, jam, now what?
And then, it happened.
“What is?”
“Black Lotus,” Sherlock mouthed silently at John behind the woman’s back.
John got to his feet and walked over to where Sherlock’s phone had bounced off a wall and hit the floor. He picked it up. “Well then,” he said, tossing the phone to Sherlock, who caught it. “It sounds to me like you have a plan. One that involves letting actual people help you get things done.”
“Missing?”
Anderson is in there, he’s my sodding forensic technician,” groaned Lestrade.
“I didn’t kill anyone!” objected Sherlock, as his blood ran cold. “’Killing’ implies an inherent degree of planning and intent. I had no intention of killing anyone—and certainly no desire to kill anyone—and can assure you that in no way was anything premeditated. I planned
John Watson, seemingly ordinary.
“Why do it?” Sherlock said. “Why kill Carl Powers, for instance? You must have been close in age. Still children. Why kill him?”
“… Oh,” he said.
Mycroft didn’t say anything.
People would worry.
Now, I know what some of you might be thinking -- "please don't tell me you're going to rehash TGG for like ten chapters I don't have that kind of patience", etc. I'm with you there. Which is why, bear with me, I promise this isn't going to be a verbatim retelling of stuff we've seen and read a million times. I have a point with bringing Carl Powers in, and I've done my utmost to jazz up that plot line. ;D And we'll be deviating from the beaten path before too long - new cases, new drama... You'll see what I mean going forward.
John blinked. “…
Sherlock watched the door close behind his brother, and then he looked at the screen, and then at John. “Are you… all right?” he asked uncertainly. To him, John was almost always something of an open book, but for once, he couldn’t figure out what thoughts were going around in his head.
John: ...
It was all too easy to read into this message. To overthink, and infer wrongly, and jump to conclusions. He needed to slow down. Gather data. There was no point panicking. Panic never solved anything. Cool, calm data collection did.
“I told you before that I did not mind the risks. I was not so naïve that I thought I could break with the Tong… or with our employer… and live.” It looked like it was taking all of Soo Lin’s energy to string the words together. But her eyes suddenly had an inexplicable intensity to them, one that was familiar, though Sherlock didn’t know where from. “But if I die, I want to be the last one who dies because of him. Do that for me, please. Make me the last one.”
Sherlock ran distracted fingers through his unruly black hair. "You're thinking. Stop."
-immortal.
Watson fell silent, completely at a loss as to what was going on. He watched the Detective thinking with some concern. He didn't even know the man's name, but he
The two men shook hands. “We start tomorrow morning then.”
“I – I was actually here regarding your death. Which I caused. Accidentally on-purpose,” he said.
He had not had time to consider much of anything, but somehow the fact that (to someone who had no idea of the truth) this looked like an elaborate plot hadn’t occurred to him.
,” said Sherlock.
Mycroft seemed to know what he was thinking. He coughed, and gestured down a hallway just off to his left. “He was ready, as soon as the explosive detonated,” he said, rather breathlessly. “He knew it was coming. He ran for the Nine Elms exit, I believe.”
“Oh,” said John. “Is that all you’ve figured out?”
“Yeah,” said Amberley. He gestured to the lock. “I have a key. Only one. But it would have been easy for her to make a copy. When I got back from the theatre last night, the strongroom was wide open and no one was home; I called the police right away.”
The man fell flat on his back with a yell, and Sherlock coughed.
It took John one minute and forty-one seconds to relay the full extent of the situation. It took an additional fifty-seven seconds to tell Lestrade how long it had been since he’d heard from Sherlock, where he thought he might be, and how wrong things might have gone, and for the policeman to reply.
The door crashed in, and a solitary figure pushed the door open with one shoulder.
M xoxo
Anyway, IT'S ABOUT TIME JOHN TURNED UP TO SAVE THE DAY, JEEZ
going to retrieve him.
“What for?”
“What are the odds of that actually happening?” demanded John. “I’m a lot more useful doing something than just sitting here.”
“For once, Moriarty’s reputation has made life a tiny bit easier for us,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock groaned in annoyance. "Is that
“Before I got here.” Sherlock dug his mobile out of his pocket fumblingly and looked at it. Several missed calls, a handful of texts. “Not that it’s done us any good.”
Her fear was sharp, cold, and absolute. “You know too much,” she said, and she took a few steps back.
Once it was only herself and Sherlock left in the room, the woman spoke. “Good evening, Mr. Holmes. I am Sh—“
tl;dr my plan is to get the remaining chapters posted with no major delays between them, so while it might be a little slow still, it’ll be worth it hopefully when things move quickly for the rest of the story!
Lestrade gave him a small but reassuring smile. “It’s not a lot to go on compared to the last two, but you solved those in a couple days each. I’m sure this message will be the same. I’ll keep an eye out for anything else out of the ordinary. Do you think we should go looking around again later? I bet there’s more to this than a creepy note.”
listening,” retorted Mycroft.
“A name,” said Sherlock, oblivious to everyone but the cabbie, staring at Hope. “Give me a name.”
The source of the crash he had heard with the scream was a glass cabinet that had been pushed over. Old ceramic teapots and shards of fired clay were strewn across the floor in amongst the shattered glass. There was a knife, blade shining red, discarded with the broken glass and porcelain.
“I know.” John buried his hands in his pockets and offered a half-hearted shrug. “I’ll try to talk him around. You and Mycroft do what you need to do, and I’ll make sure Sherlock cooperates on this end.”
“I want to talk to the cabbie,” repeated John. “And I think you should too.”
“And Mycroft. And everyone else, in fact,” said Sherlock, already prepping a slide for the microscope.
Moriarty let out a wild laugh, pointing at Sherlock. “You should see your face,” he said gleefully. “Really, you should see it. It might be the funniest thing I’ve ever seen.”
Mycroft looked as if he’d never seen Sherlock before. Like the secretive eight-year-old boy and the man of thirty-three years who could touch the dead and make them live again were not the same person. Like one was his brother, and one was not.
Sherlock gestured hopelessly. “… I touched Yao’s body before I left the pool.”
Mycroft turned back to Sherlock. “I thought it might help.”
Mrs. Hudson flapped a hand at him. “It’s no trouble. I’m just doing it this once. I’m not your housekeeper after all, but it’s nice to check in on you boys.”
John had a bomb strapped to his chest. His life, if Sherlock played this wrong, would be over—for the second time, and like the first time it would be on Moriarty’s orders. If Sherlock used his Gift now, there was no telling what would happen, or how Moriarty would choose to use the information. But if Sherlock refused… Then they would both be dead.
He estimated he’d been unconscious for between five and seven hours, judging from how stiff he was. Sherlock sat, taking in his surroundings and regaining some control over his body. Attempting to develop something along the lines of a plan. He could feel some dried blood on the side of his head where it had smacked the ground the previous night. The room he was in was a rough basement, with cement walls, wooden support beams here and there, and a cheap linoleum floor. There was some sparse and useless furniture, and no windows or exits. His hands were handcuffed behind his back to what had to be one of the supporting beams for the ceiling. His phone had been removed from his pocket. There was a distant rumbling of cars and street traffic outside, so faint that Sherlock knew no one outside would hear if he made a racket. He was alone.
Sherlock nodded. “Lestrade will take me partway, and I’ll walk the rest. I want to get there without Lestrade being anywhere in sight, but I want him and his idiots close by in case I need them. I know where to look for the camera, if Kitty was right about where he keeps it. He’ll be on guard, of course, but I’m hoping the Ming pottery will be something of a distraction. Especially since he may want to know how I got hold of a prize like this when he’s the one working with the Black Lotus.”
“Death isn’t a game, Jim,” said Sherlock flatly.
Lestrade nodded. “He came to ask about John. Who he was, where he came from, what his involvement is with you, you know. All of it.”
It was more than an empire, based on a simple chain of command or a common interest.
good.”
After all, it would be too much, far too much, for a person to accept all of what Sherlock had told him as fact, wouldn’t it? It was natural, surely, for a person to doubt the truth of it. It was too improbable. Too impossible. It had taken John a few hours, perhaps, to decide this wasn’t possible, but he had finally reached the point of hateful disbelief that nearly everyone Sherlock knew had reached long ago.
“Blimey,” said John, sounding impressed.
An angry purple bruise was already blooming on the skin around Moran’s right eye.
For a second, no one said anything. Then Sherlock and Mycroft tore their eyes from the screen to stare at John. “
“Don’t patronize me,” said John gruffly, but after a pause he relented, and once he’d pulled on a pair of rubber gloves he picked up the shoe. He cleared his throat, turning the sneaker over in his hands. “Just a pair of shoes,” he said.
“Overwhelmed,” he said at last.
It was one thing to ask these questions, and another thing to ask these questions and have to answer them alone.
“Well,” said Sherlock. “I could deduce that his line of work was related to the painting from his hands and the faint flecks of matte paint on his shoes and coat. Both are quite old, suggesting that he’s had them a long time, indicating a man on a fixed income, suggesting retirement or low income. Age suggests retirement as the more likely. Older men no longer working tend to keep their clothing until it’s more patch than cloth.
John looked at Sherlock, then at his notebook, then at the door, then at Sherlock again. “…
They fell silent again, looking at one another. A minute passed before John took a deep breath. “You messed up
He wiggled around until he could scratch his nose.
Slightly late update (I'm very sorry), but -- it's an insanely long update :D
To make up for past delays and likely future ones as finals approach, this update is (accidentally, I admit) the longest chapter to date by quite a bit. Whoops.
“In all fairness, I wasn’t expecting to see you in here either,” said John. He hung back by the door, as if he was fighting an intense urge to turn around and rip the door off its hinges to escape. “Your face on the security feed was an unpleasant surprise.”
“Yeah, some cab driver dropped dead out in his car right outside just yesterday,” said Anderson, pointing in the direction of the street. “Nothing sinister. Looks like a stroke or something.”
"Really still. And
“Mycroft?” John asked, getting his notebook from its place on the coffee table before sitting in his usual chair.
“The Diogenes,” said Mycroft, as if this should somehow have been obvious. “While the car is better suited for avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes, I suspect this may be a more serious conversation. And if I am correct, this will suit us better.”
“But he should have already known,” countered Lestrade.
“Oh,” said John, not fully understanding Sherlock’s point.
for that nonsense?”
“He really is Moriarty’s lieutenant, then,” said Sherlock. He glanced at John, but when John didn’t say anything, he continued, “It’s not new information, but it’s not worthless.”
Without waiting to assess the situation further, Sherlock slammed the escape window closed.  “I do believe that is our cue to leave,” he said crisply, turning, and immediately slid down the ladder back to earth, jumping off a few feet above the ground and landing with a feline sort of grace. “So much for relocking the window. Come on, John!”
Metaphorically, that is.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock took another deep breath, and readied himself. He kept his phone clasped tightly in one hand, and extended the other.
Behind them, John stuck out a hand to steady himself against the nearest wall.
me here?”
But Sherlock wasn’t listening. He was looking around the room, and when his eyes fell on the spot where Shan’s body had been, he held up an arm to cut Lestrade off.
Perhaps, Sherlock would try to rationalize, it was John’s military training that gave him the amount of daring necessary to talk to Lestrade. Maybe it was his respect for people of rank and authority and in the business of serving as the defenders of the general public. Maybe he’d suffered hitherto undiscovered brain damage.
“Why not?” said Moriarty coolly. “It’s not as if you’re going to announce it to the world.”
left out of place
Tall, blonde, and utterly at ease.
“I haven’t been here in ages,” said John softly. “I went to school here.”
“This isn’t the first time he’s threatened me, or anyone else,” said Sherlock coldly. “You should know. You were there the last time, albeit at a distance. So you should know that I meant what I said then. I will
John pulled out a chair and sat across from Sherlock. “Seems like we do.”
Sherlock smirked. Normally, he’d have ignored that kind of question, but for once, he was willing to break his rule about not repeating himself.
The three of them stepped into one of the elevators—Mycroft swiping an ID card and pressing a button for a below-ground level of the building—as Sherlock said, “Close call for everyone tonight.”
Sherlock let the silence hang in the air for a moment before he spoke again. Soo Lin’s gaze returned to his face as he said, “I’ve been doing everything I can to bring Moriarty down. I was doing so before your brother died. And I intend to keep doing so, in spite of the warning your brother’s death was supposed to convey. Moriarty and I aren’t finished with one another just yet.”
Sherlock watched him go, and was still watching the door even after Mycroft had descended the stairs and the sound of the front door closing had died away. He had a slightly dazed expression on his face, as if he was still processing that Mycroft had walked through the door at all.
One side of John’s mouth quirked up in a half-smile. “It’s an impressively long time for an argument, that’s all. Or was something else going on?”
He shut the door behind himself and stalked away, surprise and confusion giving way to annoyance.
“No, I don’t think so.” Rather than get into either of the two black sedans parked before them along the street, Mycroft dug in his pocket and pulled out a pack of cigarettes. He opened it and took one for himself before offering the pack to Sherlock.
“Oh?” said Sherlock skeptically and he raised an eyebrow. “How would you do that?”
“No short cuts, Josiah,” Sherlock said softly. He glanced at the pill, muttered, “Poison,” and crushed the pill with the heel of his shoe.
Sherlock stared at him. “Sometimes, John,” he said finally. Every now and then John would say something that made Sherlock stop and, as unusual as it was, appreciate the quiet awareness of John Watson. “The world is big, and Moriarty is one man clever enough to pocket the whole thing. If we can track his connections, perhaps it’ll give something away someday.”
You have my attention.
Moriarty looked down at the body, then at his fingertips, which were stained with Yao’s blood. He strolled to the side of the pool, crouching down to wash his hand. Then he straightened, flicking droplets of water from his fingertips. He gestured to his suit as he walked back over to Sherlock. “As I said earlier, I don’t like getting my hands dirty. Last thing I want is to have to send my jacket for dry-cleaning.”
She was, in Sherlock's opinion, convenient, and he didn't give her much more thought than that.
, Sherlock.”
“You’re not going to die,” said Sherlock, very firmly, as if he could make it true through the sheer power of the conviction in his voice.
Sherlock nodded. “Good. What else?”
"Okay," he had said, sitting back at his desk. "Let's give it a go. Next case I get, I'll call you in. I'd like to see how you work."
John sank back in his chair. In the short time he had been awake, he’d almost forgotten they were in the middle of a case. A really stressful case where there was a decent chance that someone might die in the next seventy-two hours. A nice someone who really didn’t deserve to die.
“Uh,” said John.
“Tell me about the break-in, then,” said Sherlock, all business. He had to at least pretend he didn’t know how they (that is to say, he) had gotten in. Through the fire escape in the second stairwell…
Sherlock heaved a loud, miserable sigh.
He did love challenges.
“I was hoping you and Lestrade would eventually have gotten so frustrated that you’d Google your way into finding some mention of them in an article from a Chinese smuggling case,” said Sherlock with a disappointed sigh that was cut short when John burst out laughing. “… Rude.”
John frowned. “Am I useless?”
“I made a choice and I'd do it again. Without thinking, I let the minute pass and as a result I unwittingly let that cab driver die. But it had to happen in order to keep you alive. There was a reason for it. It’s not a lottery system of who gets to stay and who has to go; there’s a reason. I acted on it. Whatever it is. I don’t know for sure yet, but there it is.” Sherlock made himself look John in the eye. “If placed in a fixed infinite loop, I wager I would make the same choice every time. That's how confident I am that it was the right choice. I apologize if that makes me a bad person in your opinion, but I am not sorry that you're alive.”
John pursed his lips, and finally closed out of the contact book and switched the screen off.
Moran let out a surprised laugh. “Feisty little thing, aren’t you?” he said. “I can almost see why everyone’s so entertained by you.”
“I’ll try not to feel insulted that you just likened me to Mycroft,” said John, trying for a lighthearted tone, in the hope that it would help. But Sherlock didn’t laugh—and if he was being honest, John didn’t want to either. His tone changed, more serious. “Look. I know I’m usually in favour of the emotional response over the logical one, between the two of us. But we’re going to fall apart if we go down that road right now. And I know in this moment it just sounds unfeeling and pragmatic, but… I think, in a way, it’s the opposite.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock took a deep breath. “… No,” he said, trying to put as much force behind it as possible to make it a hard refusal, but even as he said it, it sounded feeble.
His opponent swung back his fist.
“I’m not saying you would be.”
Molly looked between the two of them, her expression one of mild confusion. "Everything okay?"
The woman paused, taking a breath. “I am here because of Liang,” she said.
“I tried.”
with possibly the longest chapter to date as my way of apologizing for the delay >_>;
… It couldn’t be—?
Sherlock: ...
After ten minutes had passed with no one coming to visit him, Sherlock decided there was no point in sitting around. He found himself infinitely more interested in straining to reach his pocket, where lockpicks had been sewn into the seam. After quite some time had passed, he pulled the last binding thread out of the seam in his sleeve, and the lockpicks finally dropped into his hand. In nineteen seconds (not his fastest, but then, he
“You shouldn’t be here,” hissed Mycroft.
“If it’s a client, Mrs. Hudson, I’m not currently taking…” started Sherlock, and then he stopped.
For now, he had justice of his own to hand out.
Sherlock’s heart sank.
“Mostly.” Sherlock laced his fingers, hands now resting on the tabletop.
The secretary got out of the car and opened Mycroft’s door. Mycroft got out as well, and paused on the sidewalk, looking at John. “Let’s move this conversation inside.”
Lestrade rubbed the back of his neck wearily. “Not sure I can get you that. You’re not affiliated with the case and it looks strange if I give you access to things for no reason.”
“I mean it,” said Sherlock.
“Can I get you anything? Maybe a glass of water? You’re definitely dehydrated.”
“Not sure how much good that does us right now, if Moran’s sitting in a cell.”
John seemed to decide to mimic Sherlock, and he too dropped into the nearest chair, looking suddenly and unbearably exhausted. “She must have seen the news talking about the explosion and realized that it was Moriarty making a move.”
Rationalizing those rational thoughts to the cabbie now dead in the morgue, however, was something he did not want to do.
John thought for a moment. “Married, no children, retired, house painter. You? A second opinion would be nice. I don’t need one, mind, I just like to remind you of how completely stupid you are sometimes.”
Sherlock decided against saying anything else at the reprimanding look on John’s face, and he nodded curtly to Lestrade.
“Help,” Sherlock repeated blankly. He nodded. “Right. Help. I did that already.”
Moriarty spoke again. “Wouldn’t it feel good? To be free. To be praised by an equal, by someone who sees it as something to
“But an interesting client,” said Sherlock. “Which can make all the difference.”
fine.”
Long after the sun had set, and the flat had grown dark, John quietly climbed the stairs to his own bedroom, leaving a cup of tea outside Sherlock’s door.
"Afghanistan, why—"
“So when we find him, you want to get him caught,” summarized John. “And fast.”
“Big words,” said one of the cronies. Another whistled. The third said, “Freak.”
I wish I had a good excuse for the very long and unexpected delay in getting this chapter up, but I don’t. Life just got in the way and I was bereft of inspiration. Research was pretty demoralizing between August and December (lots of setbacks, lots of do-overs on data analysis, lots of unexpected complications), and I’ve been busier than usual (taking 2 classes + TAing a class + trying to actually do research). So work + some things in my personal life just conspired against me. Things have finally been moving again this spring, but it’s been quite slow and I was surprised at how long it took me to get back into everything (both work-writing and fun-writing). As much as I hate to go on hiatus like that, I needed to take the time to try to chill the hell out. ;D And I never write when I’m feeling particularly meh, because writing when I can’t get into it never produces good results.
“I’m always thinking something.”
answers. And so does John, and I’m willing to bet you do as well. If there was ever an opponent worth engaging, it’s this one. A criminal empire of this scale can’t be ignored. It shouldn’t be ignored. The entirety of my being revolves around this case. I’ve invested too much to turn back now. So just tell me what to expect.”
He stood for a few seconds with his face almost pressed against the glass, but he couldn’t see whoever it was.
“We’ve finished inventory and cataloguing evidence. Nothing’s gone other than Watson’s body and his belongings. We’ve asked staff and they said all their other bodies are still there. There weren’t many here. Just a few from the hospital upstairs, and the cabbie that died outside yesterday. Nothing of interest.”
trying to find ways to use his Gift to do good things. He’s made a life in spite of it. With it. He does
John glared at the skull as though it had done him a deep and personal wrong, but after a moment he sighed and looked out the window at the London grey just visible over the rooftops.
“I can answer for you,” said Sherlock, trading significant looks with John, and then Lestrade. “They almost certainly don’t. And all things considered, I think you’re going to want me to focus on the massive and deadly case that you’re not permitted to actively devote yourself to when you’ve a whole division to run.”
On the fun side, I was in Japan for an astrobiology conference the last two weeks of January/first week of February. It was a lot of lectures on topics related to the chemical/biological/atmospheric/geologic conditions that fostered the origins of life on Earth, and lots of fun adventures to active volcanoes and really nice hot springs. It was an amazing trip, I have been gushing praise about Japanese vending machines for weeks now (hot milk tea in a bottle! why don’t we have that in the US?!?!?!), and I am happy to report that my knee survived the trip, largely thanks to the large, painful, and heavy-duty metal brace I wore for the majority of my time there. Now it's back to work and trying to figure out how the hell I'm going to get any research done this semester
“… Mycroft?” John repeated.
“They were things, yes,” said Sherlock. “But they were things that meant something.”
“You’re in sparkling form. What else?”
“So you spaced it and now someone is dead because I’m still here?” said John.
“John,” said Lestrade, interrupting Amberley and speaking to John with forced courtesy. “I do hope you have a good reason for taking Mr. Amberley to a laundromat in Essex.”
“I think it’s brave to try to be happy.”
John bit his lip, thinking hard. Could he pretend to be going to get a drink or something and follow after? Or would he just have to wait until Sherlock got back to tell him what was going on? What if it was something to do with catching the sni—
“I’m flattered. You lot, of course, have met my expectations. Exactly as stupid as I—“
“I’ll get her,” said John firmly, taking charge. “But first I need to get you up. Do you think you can stand?”
“What’s that?”
Sherlock was less deterred. “My guess is this sniper either managed to get on military transports and back out in a similar fashion, or Moriarty had contacts capable of smuggling a man in and out. Either way, I’m guessing the informant you were tending to when you died was supposed to meet with Moriarty’s sniper. Then the informant gets cold feet and tries to back out and sell his information on Moriarty to the British government in exchange for protection. But Moriarty will have known this was a possibility, if he sent his sniper as his liaison in the first place, so the sniper would be ready to take the informant down before he could share his intel. The informant wouldn’t have wanted to talk until he was already out of danger, so he’d demand to be removed from the country before talking. In any event, the only person who probably heard any significant amount of real information was you.”
The back of his head ached from the last punch, and he hurried to collect himself as the second attacker lay sprawled on the ground in front of him.
Sherlock
move, and if you try to get up you might kill me, so hold still.”
It took a full thirty seconds before Lestrade spoke, looking utterly bewildered. “… Sexy?” he said.
“It’s not just you,” John replied under his breath.
“John!”
It took a couple minutes to persuade Mrs. Hudson to leave her kitchen (after a pair of shoes had been located). Mrs. Hudson leaned on one of his arms as they stepped into the entryway.
But no. She was probably still out, and besides that, Mrs. Hudson didn’t knock. She would bustle in to chat and have a cup of tea and fuss about the kitchen (“You really ought to clear some of this equipment off the kitchen table—I’m not your housekeeper, so I’m not going to do it, but I don’t think it’s very sanitary for Sherlock to do his little experiments where food is prepared…”), and she almost never knocked.
Sherlock knocked on Gruner’s door at exactly three in the afternoon, at the precise time they’d arranged to meet. Tucked in a little box under his arm, carefully arranged, was the ceramic dish he’d been given by Moriarty, and nestled against the square of his back under his jacket was John’s handgun. His phone was stashed in his pocket. And, two blocks away, was Lestrade and a handful of officers in plain clothes and unmarked cars, just in case Sherlock needed them.
“You can wait outside, if this is a little too unsettling,” said Sherlock, speaking to John as he took off his gloves.
“Oh, shut up,” said Sherlock, smoothing a finger over the screen before starting to compose a text to Mycroft. “You’ve made your point.”
Sherlock would have given just about anything for there to be a spontaneous (and entirely impossible) catastrophic earthquake in the heart of London that was strong enough and violent enough to split the house in half and allow him to escape into the night. But the laws governing geology were just as harsh and unyielding as those governing Sherlock’s Gift.
“Yeah, well, the ballistics results you wanted are in. And it looks like John was right.”
“If you want out, say so. Don’t feel you have to stay, even if you haven’t gotten the information you want,” said Sherlock. “And good luck.”
,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock rolled his eyes so forcefully his entire head swiveled. “All right, fine, he’s not so much a criminal mastermind as he is a minor fixture of the British government.”
Sherlock had been wrong about John Watson. Somehow, somewhere, on some level of his mind, he had known there was something important here that needed to be sustained past the bounds of sixty seconds, and he had stopped, but now in the conscious world, he had no idea why or what for.
“Must be nice having the entire world’s worth of information readily available to you,” John murmured, with the kind of tone one would expect from a man who had a hard enough time with advanced searches on Google.
Gazing out the window, thinking about nothing in particular, he got his answer some two minutes and forty-three seconds later.
And it was also, perhaps, a result of the Rules, that Young Sherlock learned how cruel stupid people could be.
Mycroft sniffed. “Persuading him to talk to us might require some work, but knowing who he is might help with that. At any rate, we’re working on getting his identity. Shouldn’t be long.”
“You should have known to stay away, Mr. Holmes,” said Shan. “I regret to inform you that you will not have the chance to correct your mistake. I will give you ten minutes to prepare yourself as best you can. Then you die.”
It was one of those shock-news stories in the paper, and Young Sherlock’s first reaction to it was admittedly one of relative indifference—just another tragic dead-end story—until he read what was almost a throwaway line at the end of the article.
The panic wrapped in cold iron bands around Sherlock’s ribcage eased, but only a little. “How long have you been out?”
“How long will it take?”
Sherlock sighed. "I'd hardly be worth your time otherwise. But you need me, and you know it. If you want a thoughtless dimwit, discuss this matter of so-called 'national security' with your forensic technician."
Gruner’s jaw clenched, and his arm jerked just as there was a crash from a hallway beyond the office door. Gruner whipped his head around to look at the door. “What was—?”
The only other belongings were a ripped photograph and two glass bottles. The photograph showed two children. Young. A boy and a girl. There was another person on the left, but the photo had been purposefully torn down the middle. Most likely the mother. Most likely estranged. But the relationship with the children had to be good, or he wouldn’t have the photo in his cab.
Kitty shifted, looking at everyone in turn—from Lestrade to John to Sherlock—and finally said, “It’s a digital camera. A small expensive one. With a black holder for SD cards. He has one for each former girlfriend. He keeps it locked in a drawer in his office desk.”
“Of course,” John said with mock indifference.
“Serial killers like trophies,” said Sherlock.
The entire day passed, and Sherlock slept.
, will you?”
“Likewise,” said Sherlock, and he hung up.
“You know, it’s really weird when
Detective Inspector
John nodded and smiled. “Thanks. I’ll remember.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock caught an amused and exasperated look on John’s face. He was sure his own expression was more or less the same. Admittedly, their landlady didn’t know most of the details of their interactions with Moriarty or the Black Lotus, and she had no idea that this ‘client’ was affiliated with them—but there was a kind of bewildering bravado to her willingness to go along with any visitor at any hour of the day in spite of the fact that, in the past six weeks, three days, nineteen hours, and forty-seven minutes, her set of flats had been blown up once and her two tenants had each been abducted (on two separate occasions, one of which had been directly from the building).
“So we just have to be careful. I could wear a disguise. Grow a moustache.”
“… There is that,” he said slowly. He steepled his fingers, the gentle thrum of thought whirring in the back of his mind becoming a little faster. “Which means, whoever it was that was hoping to remove your body that night will be wondering who got there first. This will confuse them. They’ll be focusing on the police and the government in their efforts to find out what has transpired. They won’t be looking in any of the right places. They’ll have to be careful, now, thinking the police are on to them. Or that this is a threat from within. They might get cowardly, or they might get stupid.” Sherlock rubbed his hands together. “Nine times out of ten, they get stupid.”
John nodded, as if he’d expected this answer. “So I’ve been just casually living out a life that isn’t really mine.”
“Do you require medical attention?” asked Mycroft, after a few seconds of silence.
Fortunately, John was.
Carl Powers hadn’t just accidentally drowned at a swim meet, and his shoes were the proof.
This was the answer. John was gone.
, Sherlock, if you don’t get the
blackmailing him,” came Mycroft’s voice, just as John was reaching the door. “Just some worthless nobody I could get rid of without a second thought. I wish that was all you were.”
They eyed one another for a moment.
John could tell, but he didn’t comment. He put his right arm around Sherlock’s side, and kept his gun in his left. “Move at whatever pace you can manage, and we’ll head for the stairs,” he said.
“Speaking of streets,” said Lestrade, suddenly craning his neck so as to glance at the window across the room. “You need to get after him. Officially, he’s still dead, and if—“
Sherlock managed to bother with a crisp, "Thank you, Molly," before he started off down the hall at a purposeful pace, and Lestrade followed after.
“I’m inclined to agree.” Sherlock ruffled his hair. “And—two puzzles down.”
Sherlock took one step back, and then another.
“So Moriarty just handed over one of his business partners to you, who’s probably helped him make
John half-laughed. “Weird doesn’t even begin to cover it. But it’s good. I’m good. I think.” He shrugged. “Sherlock certainly keeps things interesting, whenever he actually shares his progress.”
In the hallway, Sherlock sighed impatiently, fiddling with his mobile in a feigned casual gesture.
“I said, could you pass me my phone,” was Sherlock’s greeting, not so much as looking up from his seat in his chair. He sat with his legs folded underneath himself in the chair, and looked as if he’d been there for hours.
“Uh, thanks?” said John uncertainly.
Lestrade shook his head. “I can only promise I’ll try. But on my end, I can’t keep handing out police records of ongoing cases. Not even with this. I need a little more solid information to go on than you just have a good feeling about it. That doesn’t sound important.”
Sherlock let out a long sigh, his shoulders drooping a little in a defeated kind of way. The determination of a moment ago and the anxiety of the last hour or so was visibly draining from his body, like the fire sustaining both had just gone out. He looked tired, and resigned, and almost fragile in a way that John found more worrying than anything else. “You really are too much of a soldier sometimes.”
................................................... OH
with it, John thought, with an unexpected surge of satisfaction.
“We both know how much you like hearing the sound of your own voice, Mycroft,” said Sherlock (to which Mycroft spluttered indignantly), “but I think we’ve done enough. You and I may enjoy planning for every possible eventuality, but John does not. And he knows what he’s doing.”
Who was ‘Shan’ supposed to be?
John bit his lip. Something told him there was even more to it that he’d missed. “Maybe Lestrade and Mycroft can find him,” he ventured.
“Correct,” said Sherlock. “He’s our main problem now. No more distractions, for lack of a better word.”
It had been just over three days since Moran’s flight from the Secret Intelligence headquarters. The fallout had been quickly and effectively brought to heel by Mycroft, thanks to his apparently endless connections to government officials and press agencies. The explosion had been passed off as a faulty power main, with no mention of Moran or Moriarty in the coverage. Lestrade had appeared a couple times on the news coverage, steadfast with the assertion that it was an unfortunate accident. As far as the public or the media were concerned, the dead staffer had been tragically in the wrong place at the wrong time, killed by wayward debris in the limited blast.
“They haven’t said anything to you,” said Sherlock. “They were talking about me.”
Moran quickly raised his gun again and fired off three shots in Sherlock’s direction, so close that Sherlock could feel the wind rushing past his ear. Sherlock instinctively raised his arms in front of his face, shielding his head as a few more gunshots rang out. An echoing, heavy sort of silence settled in the air after the last shot, and Sherlock lowered his arms to see that Moran had disappeared once more.
He took a deep breath, and looked first at Hope, and then at Lestrade, and John.
“Stay?” Sherlock cut in. “I’m staying
Inside was a piece of paper, and nothing else.
~o~O~o~
Sherlock snorted. “Then explain what wrestling a lunatic for a gun makes you.”
It wasn’t really a surprise. The Detective had been expecting this—but that didn’t mean it wasn’t exciting.
,” snarled John, for about the hundredth time that morning.
“Uh,” said John yet again, and then he shook his head. “No. No, I don’t think so. All fine.”
The words weren’t immediately discernible, and it took Sherlock several seconds to realize that this was because the language being spoken was not English. His first thought—whether it was correct or not—was that it was Chinese. Which might mean that they had just walked in on an exchange of information between Soo Lin and at least one other member of the Black Lotus.
all right, then?” he asked tentatively. John had looked remarkably calm all this time, as the police searched the building top to bottom.
Sherlock closed mental floodgates to trap any surges of panic. The key to all of this was to maintain control. To weather Moriarty’s threats, learn his terms, and leave alive. That was all he needed to do. Be patient, and cautious, and calm. “That would be incredibly ambitious of you.”
John met his gaze levelly, and inclined his head in a silent gesture of thanks. He knelt, checking to make sure the gloves over his hands were rolled over his sleeves, leaving no skin exposed. When he was sure, John said, “Okay, it might hurt a little when I touch if there is something wrong, so try not to move. Or at least give me warning.”
John stepped into the room, grateful that the light was off, and walked over to the bed, sitting down and leaning his back against the mattress. "So..." He sighed and threw his head back. "What are we going to do, Sherlock?"
John noticed Sherlock flinch a bit as John set down the ring, and when he spoke his voice was strained. "You tricked me into coming to Bart's, where we first met. The lab, you know? You cooked us dinner and it was like a picnic. Candles everywhere and a blanket on the floor. We ate and then you asked."
"Maybe it's for the best."
"Yes, you are in treatment." He nodded and closed his eyes. "You are working now, yeah. You have gaps of memory that are missing, but you're able to work because you haven't lost any of your training." Sherlock sighed, looking up. "And yes, I like that very much, John."
"You thought that lying to an amnesiac would be
John looked at Sherlock. "I doubt that." He smiled slightly, absently. He reached up to play with Sherlock's hair as he gazed at his face. "You're beautiful."
Yes, I can see that -JW
"There's no need for you to apologize. Really, there isn't. I don't get bored as easily as before... Not with you."
It was late Tuesday evening when he climbed the stairs and he heard the sweet sounds of the strings again.
Sherlock stared at him. "John, this isn't about my history on the street." His voice was quiet. "This is you thinking we're still in 1895."
Sherlock just moved closer to him, intertwining their fingers together and moved his head against John's knee. "This is the seventh time."
"I'm not- I'm not trying to be." He retorted. "But you're clearly... You're on the street, Sherlock. That's not safe."
"Hmmm..." John thought, looking at Sherlock. "What is your favorite smell?" He knew a lot of things about Sherlock from before, but there were things he hadn't learned over the near 2 years they had lived together as friends. "And don't say cigarettes." He chuckled. "That's off limits."
"I was suicidal anyway, Sherlock..." He whispered. "I need to be in a ward
"Stop that." John stood up quickly and grabbed Sherlock's hands, stopping him from putting anything more into the suitcase. "I need to be in a ward, Sherlock... If you leave and I have another attack, who's going to save me?"
! Not for a bit." He sighed. " I suppose that whenever we're both ready we'll let the other know?" He swallowed roughly. "I'm going to research wards now... I'm not staying here without you either."
John smiled softly, his eyes watering. "That sounds pretty romantic." He took another drink from his tea, finishing it off. He stood up and took the teacup to the sink to rinse it out. He dried it with a dishcloth and put it back in its place in the closet.
John shook his head, upset at himself. "I'm sorry." He chuckled. "It seems like that's the only thing I'm able to say right now ."
You, and only you -JW
"What do you mean?" He pulled his hand away from Sherlock's head, propping his head up with it, looking down at Sherlock. "Did we just jump from friends to fiancés?"
