“Captain Rogers seems rather restless because of your dramatic actions. You should hurry before he tears down the door,” he heard Strange, muffled by the door, but still clear as a day as if it wasn't just a ghost.
“It's not like I don't like him, especially around you, but I can't help but wonder why is he suddenly all over the Compound and especially all over…” Steve couldn't hold it in one evening when he and Tony were taking some midnight snacks before going to sleep. For Steve that meant a glass of water, for Tony a glass of wine. It used to be scotch, but hey - progress is progress.
The question, despite being so quiet and gentle, hit Tony like a bullet. He sucked in a sharp breath and jerked, freeing his chin from Steve's fingers. Steve had to grip an edge of a bathtub to prevent falling. Stabilised again, Steve sighed with a small smile adorning his lips. “Wow, I am sorry love, should we-”
“Right. F.R.I.D.A.Y., fly me over here. Mr. Parker, you're going to play a drown fish for a little while for the cover. Mr. Rogers, what about you take the poor Ms. Maximoff and buy us a little more time?”
Instead of legs, Tony had a tail. A beautiful, lean and sleek tail, slightly longer than Tony's legs, ending in big, sharp-ended double fin. The colors of the tail were marvelous - rather matt velvet red scales were mixed with shiny golden and bronze scales, and together they created the gorgeous collage of colors and light. The weak tide in the lagoon slowly rocked the fin, and with the movement, it almost looked like scales were shifting between those colors in an endless optical play. Tony was sitting on the heightened rock, leaving only half of the tail dipped in water.
“Actually, Wanda was. Vision only helped,” Steve cleared, a smile creeping on his lips. Tony nodded and turned his head to Peter. “Dissolve the fastest you can, before Clint and Sam eat everything again.”
So, that's exactly what Steve did. He took out an earpiece and listened to his favorite voice on the world, that was still echoing from behind the stone reef.
Tony woke up in his bed, in naked human form, curled into the duvet, with no solid body of the super soldier pressed against his own.
Three days from Tony's arrival from Australia, Strange walked into their living room in the middle of the movie night, and with his eyes fixed on Tony, he scoffed: “So, it's true.”
The excited science sparkle was back in Tony's eyes as he talked about this, and that lifted Steve's spirits again. “And what about those powers you were talking about?”
“Steve Grant Rogers, you have a lover with uncomfortably tight pants on your bed, and you hesitate. Does that tent I can see from here make you barbaric? I can think of multiple ways how to avail that better.”
“Peter Benjamin Parker, if I hear you say that name once again, I'll take the suit and launch you into the atmosphere in Veronica, and you'll be grounded there until…”
Strange had left after that, and when Steve asked Tony about it later, he just dismissed the question like: “Something magical went off in his head and he assumed things. Asshole.”
Steve quickly turned back on Peter. “Get him out of that thing!” Peter, still looking panicked, nodded and scrambled to the table. He almost slipped on a water puddle, and then retrieved a big spray bottle marked 'WEB DISSOLVER'.
Steve was nowhere to be found on Tony's way to a kitchen, but he did find nice company there - Peter sat on the barstool behind the kitchen island, slowly munching on his cinnamon cereal. Young spider's eyes were firmly fixated on Bruce, who prepared eggs and nonchalantly hummed. There was nothing wrong with it - Peter practically worshipped the ground Bruce walked on (no, Tony wasn't jealous at all, there was no reason, Peter still loved him more) - but Peter forgot to even blink. Tony frowned and came closer, landing his palm on Peter's shoulder. The teen didn't acknowledge him, not even with a flinch. Bruce heard a slap of Tony's palm and turned with an unusually wide smile on his lips.
“I say yes, we should,” Steve smirked and tugged Tony's hand. World's two most powerful superheroes ran away to their bedroom like a pair of giggling teenagers and left Happy to cringe in the doorway and deal with luggage on his own.
“It doesn't bother you?” Tony could feel his inner walls crumbling, once again because of Steve. How many times has that already happened? The bubble of wrath, despair, and insecurity became too big for his resolve to keep in, and suddenly Tony was bursting, just because he balanced on the edge for too long and with Steve, he had always felt incredibly safe and vulnerable at the same time. He let go, let himself fall, not completely, just with the one little thing, just with this one little life-changing secret. One human being, however broken it might be, can only have as much of those.
It was Tony. Anthony Edward Stark, Iron Man, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, and Steve's boyfriend, not necessarily in this order. He laid leaned against the reef, his head down, one hand enclosed on the telepresence glasses. Steve couldn't see Tony's face, and he probably had an expression of a deep focus, as he was controlling the suit in full fight. But, what he could see underneath Tony took Steve's breath away.
Steve wasn't sure if Tony learned those puppy eyes from Peter, or if he always had them in him and just yet didn't find anyone who would submit to them. Well, there was. He gently kissed Tony's cheek, not caring in the slightest that Strange watched them, not from his own body again, with a judging look on his face. “Of course, love.”
Tony didn't even look up from the StarkPad. “Umm, no thanks dear, I'd pass. I really need to finish these graphs for Pepper before we go to sleep.”
Tony sprinted into the closest door, pulled it open, slipped inside and shut them. When Steve got to the door and pulled at the handle, they were locked. “Tony! Tony, open up! What happened? Did I do something? I am really sorry, honey, please open up,” Steve gently knocked on the door at first, but then he heard a loud bang from inside and his knocking merged into banging. “Tony! Did you just fall? Are you hurt? Open the damn door!”
Steve pulled the kiddie pool from under Tony, and Peter climbed on the ceiling. “I hope you'll catch me, Prince Charming,” Tony said and Steve smirked, pressing a kiss on Tony's forehead (they were in the exact same height now).
Hydro-man appeared on the shores of the Long Island Sound, and in the gigantic man-made-of-seawater form walked around the beaches. He destroyed a big amount of woods, some villages, some summer camp, and now he was terrorizing Montauk.
But no one knew that. No one could know that, so he shoved all of his struggles behind the mask of a narcissistic sarcastic egoist, as he did many times before. He was successful. No one knew (well, except Strange, who obviously had to stick his long nose into Tony's things), that meant no one would abandon him. He let himself go only two times, with the people he was most certain would never misunderstand his curse.
Steve coughed, and the scenery broke. Dum-E, U, and Cloak froze, Tony violently jerked and Strange let go of his magic and all of the water poured down on the floor. Strange turned on Steve and completely seriously said: “We have a magic lesson here.”
They quickly executed Tony's plan, which included another magic - Tony raised a hand over his tail and slowly started to grip his fist. All of the water drops evaporated from his body with a loud hiss, and then he turned back into the human, stepped into the suit and took Peter into the arms.
Steve turned around and left, confused beyond his lines. Strange could do what he wanted, and if he wanted to use his powers for changing the temperature of ice cream, he could. It was maybe a little odd, but incredibly useful.
“I am coming straight from the gym because I thought my beautiful boyfriend would like to join me in the shower. What do you think?”
“Oh, well, I just fell into a sparkly lake and let me tell you, I would definitely recommend. Best decision of my life, absolutely not regretting this…” Tony abruptly stopped when he picked up on Steve's confused face. A long, worn out sigh escaped him, and he curled onto himself, burying his face in palms.
“So… It happened in Australia?” Steve asked, just to confirm his theory. Tony gave him a nod, avoiding eye contact. “And… Who else knows?”
“What you told me yesterday… I had the whole night to think about everything. And I need you to listen to me right now.”
Tony did a swift turn in the air and flew after Peter. Without hesitation, he breached the water surface, and it closed above the Iron Man suit.
He landed on the stone floor, water splashing around. He was mid-thigh deep in it, and as he came closer to his boyfriend, he noticed their height difference - only a few inches bigger than it usually was. His eyes scanned Tony once again, picking on the light reflected in Tony's tail, and the way his skin seemed to be unusually glowing and ethereal. He couldn't help it. “You're… You're beautiful Tony.”
“Strange somehow found out on his own. He explained it as some movements in the magical field around the Compound, so he researched and found out. Then, I told Bruce… I had to, I was going crazy from the scientific absurdity of this thing. And Peter… Found out on an accident. Found me like this once. Funny story. I'll tell you someday. But I really could use him - he is the only one from the gang able to lift me, except maybe you. This thing…” he moved with the tail, and fin splashed, “...is incredibly heavy.”
“You're being ridiculous. Look at me,” a gentle hand touched Tony's chin. Merman tensed up, but let Steve slowly turn his head, until their eyes met.
No, Peter was climbing the reef with a wide smile plastered on his uncovered face. Tony closed his eyes and frowned his eyebrows. “Put your mask on and lower your voice, or tomorrow there will be the photos of your face and my fin with the headline 'The true nature of Avengers revealed! Spiderman's baby fish and Tony Stark is the mama fish!' all over the news.”
Steve chewed at his lip. It worried him for a while, but they really had no idea as for how to defeat Hydro-man. They defeated an alien army, but couldn't do this?
“I am!” Tony snarled. Then, an odd hissing sound came, and Steve would've sworn the steam came from under the door.
As the toughest hangovers or migraines are, he eventually crawled out of the bed to get some coffee. And to find Steve. Well, at least to attempt a search for his boyfriend, and to get some chance to talk to him. Or just a big hug, sweet kiss and hours of cuddles, apologies, and explanations.
He had no idea how to address the issue - Tony never denied all other sorts of sex. In their bed, kitchen, workshop, they even banged in a gym couple times during those two months. He had seen his boyfriend naked almost every day - but never in the shower. Was it even an issue? Maybe it was unintentional, and Steve was just imagining bigger meanings. If there weren't for other things, he would almost let it go.
“Umm, no,” Bruce answered, his attention back on the stove, “Not entirely. He comes and goes. Full timetable with setting up the Asgardian colony in Norway. Did he contact you?”
The web was letting out generous amounts of steam as it dissolved, and Steve looked at Peter. “I hope this smoke isn't poisonous Peter,” Steve said, trying to break the thick silence.
“Rhodey, Vis, let's try and cut off douchebag's head. It would maybe just piss him off, but I kind of want to piss him off,” it was definitely Tony. But how? Well, Steve, of course, knows that Tony's suits can be remotely controlled by headsets and glasses, but why would Tony not be in the suit right now? Had he injured himself? If that's the case, why didn't he say something, or alert them? Since when he is hiding here? So many questions, so little answers.
So, Steve now dated a merman. Interesting discovery. And really delightful one. There was surely more to this fact, and he still had a million questions for Tony, but one thing was for sure - he would be there for Tony for every other step of the way he chooses to take.
Buried deep inside his own head, Tony didn't notice himself emitting symptoms of the panic attack, but Steve did. Captain's gentle, worried voice didn't get through the powerful white noise in Tony's ears. Tony curled onto himself tighter and tighter, and by his subconscious charms, water in the bathtub became hotter and hotter. Steve tried to calm his boyfriend down, caressing his head, shoulders, arms, whispering gentle loving words, as how none of that was true, that he would never abandon Tony like that, how he is beautiful and valid and his tail is ethereally breathtaking, but nothing seemed to work. Steve had to climb out of the bath and crouch next to it instead, to avoid water burning through his skin. The water couldn't hurt Tony, but his own mind could do that. However, Steve knew better than to do anything against Tony's wishes when the genius was in this state.
He walked into the workshop the other day and was greeted by an adorable sight - Dum-E and U playing a catch with the Cloak of Levitation, and Tony watching how Strange pulled water from the multiple buckets with his magic and created various patterns with it in the air. The weird thing was - Strange sat on the couch with his hands in his lap, while Tony's hands were outstretched as if he wanted to touch the floating blobs of water.
Tony sat comfortably on the bed, working on the StarkPad when Steve entered their bedroom. Steve was very happy with the fact that Tony's sleep schedule improved when they got together. It wasn't perfect, but most of the nights they were able to go to sleep together at the same time.
“Peter? Are you alright? What are you doing there?” Steve asked and knocked on the locked door, concerned when he heard Peter's voice from Bruce's chemical lab. He didn't hear Bruce, so he thought Peter was talking to F.R.I.D.A.Y. or his own AI. Peter usually made his web-fluid in Tony's workshop, because it wasn't that difficult and he liked the company. A thought of a teenager locked in the fully advanced chemical lab wasn't pretty, no matter how smart the teen was.
“Oh my…” Bruce screeched, flashed his eyes on Peter, then on Tony, and then found his reflection in the nearest spoon. “What a moron, I told him not to, no wonder the kid's completely out of himself, I am going to-”
But that didn't change the fact that Strange started to come to the Compound much more often after this incident. In fact, when Peter wasn't around, it was more likely that Steve would find Tony in the company of the Stephen than not. He didn't like it in the slightest.
Steve's lips curled into the soft smirk that Tony loved so much. “You're an idiot. Why would anything change because of this? You can't bear every burden alone, love. As you said before - as Bruce helps you with research, and Peter guards you - more people knowing can only help you. Myself included,” another kiss, this time proper. Tony's inner walls came down for the second time in two days, but not so violently as before. They melted from love and warmth Steve provided.
That's why Tony was the last person that Steve would expect to refuse sex with him. Well, he never did refuse explicitly, but Steve couldn't help but wonder why.
“Well, you should come out. Vision said the dinner is ready, and I haven't seen any of you all day long. Now I know where you were, but I still have no idea why.”
“Oh, you are. You are so jealous I can see the steam pouring out of your ears. But you work yourself up over nothing - there is nothing between me and Strange besides old, good, healthy burning hatred. And a respect. Solely from his side. Obviously.”
“So what? Maybe it is true,” Steve said, his caressing hand now moving to Tony's chest, belly, and the base of the tail.
“Oh come on, Spider-Baby, afraid of the storm? Thor would be scandalized! Paintball in the real woods and rain, there's nothing better!” Clint teased Peter once. The teen was curled up in Tony's lap and a blanket, slightly trembling in the warm living room.
“Don't pull an elementary school teacher quotes on me, I consider that a dick move. I panicked. I am telling you that. Let's just… Go to bed. Alright? Please?”
But then, it happened again, and again, and again. As if Tony suddenly turned on his workaholic mode - all of his assignments were on time without the need of Steve's or Rhodey's or Pepper's scolding. And Steve went two months without the shower sex.
When every piece of ice settled, Hydro-man was gone, and Tony let out the breath of relief. He rolled on his back, and let out the bitter laugh. “Holy shit… I've never done anything… This big.”
Before Tony was able to answer, a loud crash interrupted them. Tony scrambled to put glasses back on his face and then cursed. “Watery son of a bitch,” he looked seriously at Steve. “He sent Sam into Clint's explosive arrow. Bit of a mess. F.R.I.D.A.Y., how much power do we have left?”
Glass didn't break, which was a miracle, but all of the water poured over Tony's face and shirt. The glass clattered on the ground, and Tony looked up, his eyes as wide as the antelope in headlights. Steve quickly reached for him, not comprehending Tony's utter panic that radiated off him in waves.
“My powers… I can move water, boil it, freeze…” Tony muttered, clearly focusing on his glasses for now, but then abruptly stopped. “Holy shit,” he cursed, looking Steve in the eye. “You think you can lift me so I can see over the reef, Prince Charming?”
A moment later (Steve would've sworn he had seen the whipped cream thickening at express speed right in front of his eyes) Bruce was the one to check out the vanilla section. “Now it is too cold, my brain is freezing,” scientist complained. Strange rolled his eyes and Tony groaned. Then, the whipped cream unfroze again (and Steve still couldn't believe that he was able to actually see it).
And thanks to that, Tony saw the reason for Peter's bewilderment - the huge purple love bite on Bruce's neck. Tony pursed his lips. “Yeah, sure, why not,” abandoning quiet Peter's side, he walked around the kitchen island to pour himself some fresh coffee. Just after he downed the first cup at one go, he was able to continue. “Thor's back?”
“Alright, alright, calm down, I was joking, it's fine,” Tony quickly intervened and massaged Bruce's shoulders as he heard scientist's voice slightly deepen. Thor's smuggled hickey definitely wasn't something Bruce should hulk out over. Bruce relaxed under Tony's hands, mumbled some more curses, and leaned over his eggs again. Peter snorted first, and Tony couldn't help but laugh too.
And after that, the first sob clawed its way out of Tony's throat, and overwhelming silence took over. Tony had so much more to say, so much more to pour out, and was unable to because of heavy breaths and sobs - it would all answer Steve's question much better than tears. The paralysing fear of others finding out and abandoning him along with Steve because they always were and always would be more loyal to him, the loneliness and misunderstandings forcing him to go into the hiding without his tech and armors, the public somehow finding out and someone powerful hunting him down in the same way Ross did with Bruce ages ago, and caging him somewhere for the nasty experimentation for the rest of his life.
Bruce was sitting behind the table in his lab coat and glasses, and his smile was twitching. Steve didn't know if it was because of laughter or nervosity, but he really hoped for the former. The tables from the middle of the room were gone, pushed against the wall, and in the freed space there was an Iron Man themed kiddie pool full of water. However, water was poured all over the floor in generous puddles, and Bruce's and Peter's clothes were also wet. But the weirdest thing was hanging from the ceiling straight above the kiddie pool - Tony. Upside down, with a huge thick web cocoon wrapped around his body.
“Alright love,” Steve whispered, and warm lips touched Tony's damp forehead. “I'm so sorry Tony… I didn't want to do this to you… I would check on you soon.”
“Perfect example of the coursebook answer, Captain. It seems I should take care of it myself,” and with those words, he closed his eyes and what seemed like his ghost flew out of his body, now help upward only by the Cloak. The ghost came through the door absolutely effortlessly, and the next thing Steve heard was Tony's: “Are you fucking kidding me?!”
“As if I wasn't fucked up enough before, another wonder happened to me, and now on the top of everything I am a fish. Freaking half fish on the bad side of forty full of as much trauma and daddy issues as is humanly possible! But no, it's completely fine, because that clearly doesn't bother you, even though I can't figure out why, that's not by far the worst thing. I just couldn't tell you, how could I? I never planned to do so, it was a stupid accident! Your reaction was quite different as it should be, but I don't feel relieved, I can't afford that, because eventually, you will realize that I'm a freak that's not worth it, too much trouble, so far from what you really deserve-”
“I doubt so, Underoos,” Tony panted. Steve has been watching his boyfriend for a while - instead of choosing a steady position and only making a move when dodging the big water arms (like Rhodey did), Tony was constantly moving, shooting unexpectedly, and expertly dodging every drop of water. Steve didn't know why he did it - all of them were completely soaked wet by now, even Vision. But Iron Man’s armor had next to none water on its surface. The constant movement clearly exhausted Tony, and now, when they were stripped of their successful members, he had to multiply his efforts.
“Hey honey,” Steve kissed Tony's cheek as the billionaire slipped straight into his arms after entering the Compound. He was the only member of the ‘Welcome home’ committee because Vision was busy with preparing another culinary catastrophe, Peter was at school and everyone else insisted their paintball training game was too important to pause. Or maybe they just didn't know the exact time Tony would arrive - Steve forgot to tell them. Intentionally. Because he wanted his boyfriend all for himself for a few hours. Who could blame him?
Peter dipped his spoon into the chocolate section (maybe even chocolate coconut, little spider's favorite), and took the spoon out full of ice cream into his mouth. “Maybe a little colder.”
Steve smiled gently and caressed Tony's cheek. “They say that when you kiss a mermaid, you'll be able to breathe underwater.”
It took another while, but ice covered Hydro-man's arms too, and then his head. He stopped every movement, and then all Steve could hear was the loud cracking of the growing ice inside him, as the monster froze through and through.
Steve moved his leg to stand up, confused beyond anything. He seriously needed to take a breath. His enhanced metabolism, in fact, disabled any basic drugs from taking effect on him, so everything he had just seen was true, not just a hallucination or a dream. This was something he couldn't imagine even in the wildest dreams! He needed to take a break, climb down, check on Peter and Wanda, and maybe then climb back and check if it really isn't some sort of delusion.
But the strangest thing happened the second week after Tony's arrival from Australia. Bruce happened to come back two days ago, and he immediately went along really great with Peter. They hang out together in Bruce's lab majority of the time, Peter's well of questions for his favorite scientist never drying.
“Bruce corrupting the youth? That's the last thing I would've expected,” Tony's favorite voice suddenly resounded, and his eyes met Steve's. Captain looked like he hasn't slept much, which caused a pained jab in Tony's chest, but his smile was genuine and wide.
Steve quietly climbed the reef and peeked over the highest rock on the other side. There was a little lagoon, surrounded by jagged rocks of a reef, with one opening leading into the sea on the other side. The reef around the lagoon wasn't very high, but it did a good job at hiding its contents A few small fishes swam lazily in the clear lagoon, and one big, colorful fish…
A jumble of sounds came out of the lab - shuffling, whispering, even a strangely familiar clicking sound. Then, the door opened to reveal Peter with a suspiciously wide smile. There was a hint of panic in his eyes, that Steve immediately picked up on.
When he was at the Compound, Peter was inseparable from Tony. The rest of the team thought it was adorable, how the two functioned together. They worked in the workshop, watched movies, talked, argued, prepared food, developed a ton of inside jokes, and generally radiated the “Father and Son” aura. Peter had always adored Tony, even from the times before his own superhero ambitions, and Tony… simply loved Peter. There was no other way to say it. It was hilarious and cute and damn, fatherhood looked really good on Tony.
“...All over me?” Tony smiled as he sipped the wine, and Steve abruptly stopped, a little scandalized by his boyfriend's amusement.
“So, what do you say we begin with a shower to freshen you up after the flight?” Steve murmured in between kisses as he locked their door behind them. Tony hummed, and Steve took it as a yes, so he nudged Tony in the direction of their bathroom. To his surprise, Tony stood his ground and instead moved to the bed.
“Oof, of course not, Cap! It doesn't usually smoke this much, but since this is a lot of webbing, I suppose it is because of it… But we are safe, as safe as we can ever be!” Peter let out a flood of the ramble.
“Of all people… Even in my wildest visions I never would've imagined that karma would catch the King of Douchebags like this, you finally got what you deserved Stark, this is so hilarious,” and then he was laughing, and Tony was springing forward, grabbing Strange's shoulder and pulling him from the living room.
Tony loved sex. More importantly, he loved sex with Steve. He loved to subtly hint at it in front of the team (of course never when they had Peter over), until Clint's comments became really gross and Steve couldn't help but blush. Then, Tony patiently waited until they were alone, and then pounced on Steve. When they weren't on a mission, or none important lab work burdened the genius, Tony and Steve were able to repeat this scenario multiple times a day. By now, it was as easy as breathing - Tony held a master degree in arousing his partner, and Steve loved to submit to Tony's powerful siren aura. After all, his boyfriend was one of the sexiest men alive.
“I may be an idiot but I'm your idiot,” Tony whispered into Steve's lips and pressed another kiss in.
It was mostly dark in the room, with only the TV screen radiating the light, but Steve could pick up at how Tony's face paled. He stood up, facing Strange, successfully ignoring the curious glances of others. A little smile appeared on Strange's face and then he chuckled.
As the majority of the issues in their little Avengers household does, this problem also got sorted out on the battlefield.
Steve pulled Peter's mask from his face and teen immediately woke up, flipped on his stomach like a dead fish and coughed up a whole bucket of water. Steve smiled, patted his back reassuringly and then went back to Wanda.
Like the time Tony prepared the morning coffee and in his sleepy clumsiness poured water over the counter and his hands. Out of nowhere, Peter appeared in the kitchen, caused Steve to almost jump out of his skin (Exactly for how long was Peter hiding somewhere around? Holy shit, they just made out on the counter!), only to hand Tony the towel and disappear again.
Or the times when Peter got a cough or a sensory overload, so he couldn't go to the training or some team bonding activity, and Tony stayed with him in the workshop or his room as the right mother hen.
“NO!” the collective answer rang through comms, and Peter huffed. “Where's Deadpool when the spider needs him.”
Ever since had Tony come back from the AI related conference in Australia, he acted oddly. It wasn't easy to pinpoint exactly what was wrong, there just wasn't any clear sense to it, but Steve knew. He wasn't sure if he could discuss this with anyone from the team, because the problem included some of the rather personal stuff, and Steve would hate to embarrass Tony. If someone else noticed cracks in Tony's behavior, they haven't brought it up, so Steve couldn't be sure. But he wasn't sure how to bring it up in front of Tony either so… He was just worried.
A chaos erupted. Clint shot about a dozen arrows at once into Hydro-man's legs, making him stumble as his legs fell apart for a minute. Natasha then hopped up into a piece of tree trunk sticking out of Hydro-man's hip and pushed both of her electric batons into him. His whole posture shifted, and Steve was pretty sure that if it could, it would roar.
They have been doing everything they could - but how do you fight a man-shaped tsunami? Steve himself wasn't very useful, all he could do was to throw rocks and help occasional civillians. Clint with his explosive arrows did some damage, but explosions simply weren't strong enough to affect Hydro-man for long. The same problem was with Natasha's widow bites - effective, but weak against the mass of water. Sam's wings and weapons also weren't much of a use. Bruce stayed at the compound - they all decided that Hydro-man did enough damage even without Hulk joining the rodeo.
"he's probably asleep, son. you should be, too. i'll walk you back to your room," a teacher said, but peter had never met him. he was a new freshman teacher, so peter had no idea why they accepted his request to come along, but here he was. "okay, thank you," peter said, a little suspicious. the teacher opened the door, and peter thanked him again.
Steve folded his hands in front of him and nodded, considering the team around him before speaking. The
Steve might have been out of breath, but it didn’t do anything to diminish the righteous anger that was controlling him. “Lucy Carlisle and Susan Gleeson stopped by our apartment tonight. Lucy seems to think you put your hands on her without her permission.”
The silence in the room was enough of an answer for him. Steve nodded towards Bucky and turned on Natasha’s comm unit. “Nat, fall back. It’s the Winter Soldier’s turn. I want them to know exactly who they are dealing with.”
He helped Tony in with an offered arm, guiding him to a chair rather than the bed, for which Tony was grateful. “Okay, hit me.”
He couldn’t hold back the yawn that snuck up on him, and Natasha ran her fingers through his hair. “Go ahead and get some rest. Either us or Clint and Bruce will be here when you wake up.”
“What? Why?” Tony asked, completely thrown off by Steve’s sudden change in demeanor. He threw on his jeans before stuffing his feet into the boots that were strewn across the room. Tony couldn’t put a finger on exactly what had changed. But this Steve was more...army-like? Commanding? If Tony was anyone else, he would have followed along blindly. “Where the hell are you going?”
Tony’s brain was filled with the same fear-induced incessant buzzing that clouded his mind after Hydra caused his car accident. His father, the man who willingly gave his son more emotional and physical scars than any child should ever have to endure, and Obadiah Stane, the godfather who sat back and watched it all happen with a smile on his face, towered over him in a way even Thor never could.
The older man took another step closer, and Tony could feel the heat radiating off of his body. He blinked, suddenly feeling dizzy at the nearness. “Let me do this, please? I won’t be able to sleep tonight if I knew you were out there in this weather.”
Sam had called for him, shouting his name and he fought to get the seat belt off where it had him trapped. But nobody stopped, they just kept dragging him to the truck. The second he screamed for help, screamed for
The hand skimming Rogers’ chest traveled upwards to grip the taller man’s shoulder, squeezing as his pleasure rose higher in waves, each passing crest leaving him desperate and aching.
goodbye makeout session with Steve (holy heaven on EARTH than man knows how to use his tongue), he slumped against the frame and sighed in complete and utter bliss.
Natasha shrugged her shoulders in agreement, “We shouldn’t have lied to him, we knew how dangerous he was, heard rumors about how he operated. Once we came clean, it seemed to be enough for him, and he drove us to the emergency room. Paid for all of our medical bills, too.” She knocked against him with a dazzling smile. “That’s why we follow him. He’s a good man, Tony, his heart is in the right place. Works outside of the law, sure, but him and Bucky save a lot of people doing what they’re doing. We just wanted a piece of that. You could say I wanted to make some moves towards wiping my ledger clean.”
She took a look at his chart hanging off the foot of the bed and grimaced. “I’m sorry, Mr. Stark, but the primary on the insurance has a note to block any pain medications after the initial dose. If you want another one, the insurance won’t pay for it.”
“I’ve already given Sam this speech about not needing to apologize, do I have to give it to you too?”
He shrugged, and she sighed before setting the ice cream down onto the nightstand and putting her arm around him. Tony snuggled into her touch, like always. “Talk to me.”
Steve was looking at him with an odd expression, some kind of cross between amused and fond, something Tony couldn’t really understand. “It’s good to see you too. Did the second shot of espresso get you through your class today?”
“We are alone,” Pietro agreed, silent tears running down his face. “Our parents were killed in their homes. We only just got away. They will send us back to die.”
Apparently, that was enough of an explanation for his friends. They all gave “oh’s, and ah’s,” before finally shutting up and settling in to watch television.
Natasha thought for a moment, then tilted her head towards the alley. “This one, I suppose. Two of the victims, Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, twin sixteen year olds, are here illegally. They refused to go to the hospital because once the police questioned them, they would be deported back to Sokovia. Apparently their home life isn’t much better than what they’ve experienced here.” She closed her eyes for a moment before continuing. “Clint and Sam didn’t want to compromise the Avengers, so they brought the kids here and Bruce is looking after them now. Everyone has a mask on in case they later need to identify us.”
“Do you think Coulson and his agent friends are looking into my kidnapping? I know that Fury guy questioned me, but I haven’t heard anything since then. Would they have any leads on who at SI told Hydra to go after me?”
The prodding continued until it somehow managed to get tangled into the back of his thin hoodie, so that when the bot rolled backwards, it took Tony with it. He landed on the floor with a harsh thud, spitting out curses wildly and pushing himself back onto his feet. Tony shot Dum-E a look of pure disdain, muttering promises to sell him to a community college, before checking his watch. Just past six, excellent. That meant that the money was finally deposited into his account, and he could buy some actual groceries at the store.
. They were the ones who rescued you from Hydra, and I know they just dismantled Baron Zemo’s operation last night.”
“Since I’m officially on the team and everything, I want you to start calling me by alias when we’re on a mission. So, try again.”
more. His vision was brought to light by his own son, Joseph, who integrated the use of assassins into the gang’s repertoire. After years of building, training, and executing an elite team, the Commandos were officially the gang to turn to if a hit was needed. Simply no one else on the Eastern Seaboard could execute a hit as flawlessly as Dum Dum Dugan, Gabe Jones, Montgomery Falsworth, Jim Morita, and Jacques Dernier. Despite their reputation and imperceptible signatures, the police were never able to find enough evidence to convict the Howling Commandos on any charges, whether they be murder or any of their drug related crimes.
Tony’s answering moan sent shockwaves of gooseflesh down Steve’s arms, and he instinctively snaked his hands down and around to Tony’s ass and spread his fingers wide to massage his cheeks through his jeans. Tony bucked against him and flung his arms over Steve’s shoulders and crawled upwards so that he could lock his legs around Steve’s waist and grind down. The friction was so damn good, but not nearly enough.
He blinked at the man’s sleeping form as he paused at the edge of the bed. Rogers really thought he could just slip into bed beside Tony and everything would be fine? What the fuck? Sure, Tony was grateful for his phone and laptop, but it didn’t mean that he was comfortable with Rogers taking over his space. Especially his fucking bed.
Tony chewed on the inside of his cheek and stuffed the piece of circuitry back into his pocket. “I-You didn’t have to get me anything to eat. The coffee is more than enough.”
Thinking about Steve’s crystal blue eyes, closed in ecstatic pleasure as he grunted into the back of Tony’s neck, his large hands splayed across Tony’s stomach and chest as he held him place. The hand on his cock tightened and sped up desperately as he thought about what it would be like to have Steve recklessly pounding into him with utter abandon and...
The archer used the lock pick to slide open the cell doors, the creak and moan of the door echoing within the thin corridor. Unsurprisingly, Wanda didn’t move from her spot. Clint reached out and offered her a hand. “You want to find your brother, don’t you? I promise I’ll get both of you out of here.”
Their target clutched at his neck and tried to squirm away, but the Soldier caught the back of Zemo’s hair with a sharp yank in his metal grip, tight and unescapable.
Feeling confident, Steve leaned forward, capturing Tony’s mouth with his own and slotting himself in between his legs. It was tentative at first, but Tony’s lips molded to his own immediately, and his hands snakes up and around Steve’s neck and entangled themselves into his hair.
Steve turned his bright, crystal blue eyes on him, and Tony relaxed at the sight of them. No one had ever looked at him like that before. With so much...love.
“Of course,” The voice sounded warm and enthused, and Steve didn’t think it was just his imagination. “It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Captain Rogers. In the untimely event of Sir’s demise, I am only to answer to you and First Lieutenant Rhodes.”
Tony wormed his way out of Steve’s grasp and went to stand by the door, careful not to let himself get caught up in lust, he had shit to do today. “Well, he does, and he’s very excited to meet you. Now come on!”
"sei mio," tony growled, kissing and biting with ferocity on bucky's neck, aggressive all of the sudden. "what does that mean?" bucky panted.
at the very end of the main hallway, there were two people talking, in what seemed like a frantic way. "dr. banner?" peter called, and the duo paused. the taller one leaned down for what looked like a kiss and then ran off through what peter knew was the domestic entrance. bruce then came walking towards them.
"let's go to bed, you guys. it's getting late and we have another module tomorrow," ned said, starting to get up from the table. all three groups stood up and headed to their dorms without a word.
"anytime, doll," he kissed tony softly. steve wanted to say something, but knew he would be punished again if he did. bucky turned around, sympathetically reaching out to touch his cheek. "you can say something, if you want," he offered.
"oh, you're fucking serious? let's do it," peter laughed, getting up. mj followed him, leaving ned with wade on the couch watching tv. "why are you coming?" vincent asked. "i wanna see falcon, duh."
he started to walk downstairs, checking tony's labs, then his office, and then tony's "bachelor pad" floor, which is where all of their parties are held. lastly, peter started to check the living quarters, and found tony pressed up against the pantry cabinet by captain america himself. "oh my god, really?" he shouted, covering his eyes.
"your house is so cool. your family is so cool," ned said, closing peter's door behind him. "yeah, most people think so. being a normal human being in house with them can be the worst," peter said, sitting at his desk.
steve moaned, carefully watching them quietly. bucky started to stretch tony. the only sounds in the elevator were steve and tony's moans and groans. bucky basked in the glory of what he was doing to these boys.
"there was a teacher, and then he wasn't a teacher, and he knew my name and i've never met him, and he chased me here," peter panted. "thor said he needed you to help him to get the guy to fury."
bucky came not long after, pulling out but still holding tony. their lips brushed lightly, making the both of them smile and put their heads together.
steve shook his head. "no, but thank you, peter. i was just wondering if dum-e was supposed to be doing things to the suit or not," he said. "for future reference, bruce and i are also heads of the lab and we can answer all of your questions," peter smiled, taking another bite of his apple. "o-oh, okay," steve said, walking out of the kitchen and into his room.
steve stood up, only a little bit shorter than bucky, who had to lean way down to kiss tony. "i don't see why not," he shrugged, kissing bucky hungrily. he left no room for exploration- everything was done beforehand.
peter slid in to the front seat, smiling. "hi, happy," he said, buckling up. "you're late," happy grumbled, taking off down the wooded path to the main road. all of the sudden, peter got an amazing idea and he gasped.
"we have to- steve has to- fuck, again," tony stammered. "all in good time, doll. let's get us cleaned up first, hm?" bucky smiled, reaching for his underwear. he cleaned tony up, throwing his underwear in a corner to grab tony's clothes.
a previously invisible door opened, showing off an elusively shiny hallway, which led to the labs. "c'mon, it's this way," peter said, gesturing for his group to follow him again. "goddamn, peter. this is way too complicated," wade said, touching the aluminum alloy walls.
"first, we'll be doing punches. it's very simple, hit the pads on our hands as hard as you can. when you punch, keep your thumb on the outside of your fist and a little bit out of the way. let's begin."
"i love you too, dad. and i don't put up with your shit so much as live through it," peter said, laughing. "bye, peter," tony said, trying to fight off a smile. peter hugged him tightly, walking over to his door and opened it slightly. "bye, dad," he said, before rushing down the stairs to happy, his ride.
steve pulled away quickly, going to stand against a counter on the opposite side of the kitchen. "peter!" tony said sternly, and peter uncovered his eyes. "i could've been getting a snack!"
he got up, moving over to peter. he grabbed the boy's thighs, pulling him up around his waist and pressed him against the door. "you over think so fucking much. we can reschedule for another day, okay?" bucky said, his face close to peter's. peter pressed their foreheads together and sighed.
peter shook his head, wiping away tears and trying to steady his voice. "please let me finish my whole thought, or this isn't going to make any sense," he begged, and tony nodded softly. "of course, peter."
they were ready by 6:30, so they decided to head to the labs early. from the looks of it, people were just now waking up, getting breakfast, or even still sleeping. peter guided his group past the rest of their class to the compound.
after a few hours of working, peter felt successful with his language studies and bid wanda farewell. before she left, she kissed peter's cheek, and told him,"
the module lasted about two hours, and a few people were asleep by the end of it. those who weren't, though, had pages upon pages of notes of new knowledge.
"quantum physics is when you can't relate minuscule things to a definite point. classical mechanics is how things move at everyday sizes and definable points, which uses all of newton's law," she said, going back to doodling. "that was the only fully correct answer we've gotten today. please come see me before you leave," hope said, letting hank start on the next part- the lecturing and demonstrating on scott.
there was a picture of the two of them on the ellis island ferry, hugging each other as their faces were smushed together. the next one was bucky kissing peter's cheek, and then peter on the lips. the next one was bucky staring out over new york from the top of the empire state buidling, and then one of him smiling back at peter. another was a candid picture of peter at one of their picnics in central park that he didn't know existed until now. the last one, and the one that was peter's lock screen, was them at the statue of liberty, bucky picking peter up as they kissed without care.
"ignore them," peter said, waving in their direction. "they're just a little stupid. in love, but stupid," he said, mostly to hope and scott, who were shocked, but hank had a knowing smile on his face.
"if you want," bucky smiled charmingly at steve, his voice husky. "yes," tony answered, his response cut short by him pulling bucky's head to face him again, kissing bucky deeply.
by the time he got downstairs, everyone was at the table, and an already made plate was sat in front of where he would normally sit. he noticed thor had arrived, and wondered if that would interfere with the trip.
"we can't just reschedule... we'll never find time. tell you what- i'll just sneak out after dark and we can go then. is ten o'clock an okay time to eat dinner?" peter asked. bucky placed a long kiss on his jaw. "no, that's very late, doll. you'll have already eaten dinner and i'll have already made dinner for everyone else, even if i haven't eaten. i'll just pull you away from some things, make you mine, et cetera. deal?"
the next morning, peter woke up way earlier than he should’ve, in his own room. sleepily, he rubbed his eyes before noticing he wasn’t in the dorm and he jolted awake.
peter didn't usually mind school, unless it involved his family. the accords, the captain america videos, and most everything people talked about was his family. come to think of it, peter hated school.
since the presentations went in alphabetical order by last name, it took a while to get to peter's name. flash (nuclear bombing of japan and it's long lasting effects), mj (the fight for equal rights for women of color), and ned (how computers so easily became pocket sized in such a short time) all went before peter did. "parker, peter?" the teacher called. peter stood up with a deep breath and a flash drive in hand.
they walked in silence for few seconds until mr. davis grabbed peter's arm. "are you really an intern for stark? really?" he asked, and a sense of dread ran over peter. "sir, i really don't think this is appropriate," he said, turning around to walk back to the compound. the teacher stomped over and grabbed peter's arm again, harder this time.
"who's she?" mj asked, standing in front of them, book bag in hand. "you're late," peter, said, watching as she sat down behind them. "traffic," she shrugged, pulling out a coffee and a mcdonald's bag, packed full of food the three of them were definitely going to eat, despite the rules.
i’m so sorry this is so short! i was on vacation and i bridged as much as possible! ❤️ TWO DAYS UNTIL THE FIELD TRIP.
it kind of shocked peter that wade was going on the trip. he had bad marks, smoked pot in school with reckless abandon, and very obviously switched out his water for vodka. he turned around to shake everyone's hand, and peter noticed light scarring from a burn on his arm, but he pulled away too quick for peter to get a good look.
happy picked peter up in the usual spot, confused as to why peter couldn’t’ve just stayed at the compound. “hey, happy,” peter said, climbing in to the passenger seat with his bag at his feet. “hey, kid. how was your weekend?”
the teachers were in awe as they loaded the teens up on the buses, ready to go home. everyone was talking about how amazing tony was and how cool it was that even after having a private expo for them, he offered to pay all of their school expenses.
tony cut him short. "you're not gonna do anything. barnes, with me. now," he said, pointing to bucky, and then out of the door before he started to leave himself.
after school, peter invited ned and mj over to work on their big history project, and so that they could get a better look at all of the compound. tony had already said it was okay, but just to keep in mind that he had to remind them that they couldn't say anything about their family situation.
"well, i might have an idea," steve said, and bucky turned around. "what should we do?" he asked, excited to be doing something.
instead, he climbed over to straddle bucky’s lap, kissing him deeply. there was a sharp knock on the door before tony, steve, and fury walked in. “you have got to quit doing this, peter!”
they made their way inside through the living quarter's door, opening up to what looked like a normal home. it was an open floor plan kitchen, dining and living room with a hall to the left that lead off to the bathroom and all of the bedrooms. on the right, there was a glass door that lead to the expansive gym. ned and mj looked around in awe.
"hello, i'm peter parker, and today i'll be talking about lgbtq people during the 1940s and how it effects us today."
"your father," bucky grunted, keeping a little ways away from tony to gauge his reaction. tony's eyes just went wide. "that's hot. fuck, you're my dad's age. fuck. i feel so young," tony panted, kissing bucky deeper.
peter, ned, and mj brought all their stuff down and set in the back like everybody else, but lingered by the door alone. “this really was one of the coolest things i’ve ever done,” ned said, hand in hand with mj. “i can’t believe i got an internship with dr. hope and dr. hank. and it’s paid, which is almost unheard of,” mj said, smiling slightly.
“shh, shh, come back to sleep,” bucky whined from behind him. peter kissed him softly, but nudged his arm off gently. “sorry, buck. i need to shower and get back to the dorms before we go to the modules,” he explained, grabbing some clothes from his dresser. “do you really have to go?” bucky asked, reaching his hand out. peter noticed he was shirtless, and it took a lot of effort not to stare.
the two of them strolled through the compound greens, coming to a drop off point. there were large stones jutting out, just big enough to hold peter and tony. a fast-current estuary had carved out the rocks, but had lowered over the years so that now, it only came up a few hundred feet instead of thousands. the both took a seat on the same, easily-accessible rock.
“you’re so amazing with them,” peter mumbled, leaning down to kiss bucky, who was slumped on the couch. “no better than you are,” bucky smiled, kissing him deeper. “ew, papa!” their daughter shrieked, running to jump on top of bucky. their son jumped up in between him and peter, all of them laughing as the puppy tried to get up on the couch.
"this is why people think we're dating!" peter exclaimed. mj and ned laughed, high fiving. "is that a bad thing?" mj smirked, running a hand along peter's jaw. "ha-ha, very funny. you can't do this anymore at my house," he replied, swatting her hand away. "ooh, why?" ned asked, leaning forward. "i might be seeing someone," peter shrugged.
"Nice to see you, too, Pepper." Tony barely managed to get the words out because of how tightly she was hugging him. He wrapped his arms around her before the two of them let go. "Steve, this is Pepper. Pepper, this is Steve. She's an old friend of mine," the brunet explained.
How would he even manage to do it? Those charity galas were full of people just waiting to hear something that interested them enough to gossip about. Getting rejected in the middle of one called for disaster. But the blond had to admit that Bucky was right. Telling him sooner than later meant an answer rather than long nights of speculation. Even if that answer meant rejection.
He gulped, and loudly too. Steve knew who that voice belonged to without even having to look at him. Tony Stark: the school's richest and most popular playboy. Everyone knew who Tony was. What was his business snooping around in empty hallways and eavesdropping on private conversations? The blond couldn't help but be annoyed that Tony was just here openly teasing him about it. There was no point to it either. Why tease the failing football player when you could be off for vacation on a private island with no consequences whatsoever? He huffed in annoyance.
Steve leaned down and whispered in his ear as they were walking. "Is it okay to be nervous? People are looking at us."
Steve's eyebrows furrowed. Tony specially ordered a suit for him? He internally shook his head. Without a fitted suit, he would be the clown at the gala, the joke among all the rich old women and men. Of course Tony specially ordered it. He didn't want to show up with an idiot in a too tight-fitting or baggy suit. Nothing else other than that.
During the day it had begun to rain, which of course didn't cancel practice. It only made it worse. Steve was in his regular clothing from earlier that day, but the rest of his body was covered in a layer of dirt, mud, and sweat.
He and Sam both had made many attempts to try and get him to function on normal hours, like everyone else. But it just… didn’t work. It was almost like Bucky was born to be a nightowl.
"Definitely," his friend responded, his attention not even directed to him. He was texting Sam. But it didn't exactly matter to Steve at the moment, he would dry it anyways. "Also, Sam is coming over later with some Italian food. Will you be back in time for that?"
The movie was some romcom that Bucky had decided would be good to watch. Steve had arrived after it started playing, but it didn't really matter. It was about some girl in New York City who had wanted to become famous but met a guy who taught her that fame didn't matter and love did. Currently, the girl and this boy were on their first date at a park. Steve could basically predict the ending from there: after the first date, there would be some sort of conflict. The two wouldn't talk for a while before they both decided to see each other one last time. When they talk, they realize it was all a big misunderstanding and that they both love each other. He was dying to see if he was right or not.
Howard continued to speak. "This man you're about to meet, he used to help me when I was younger. Just starting out in the big world as a young man! It's crazy how far he and I go back, and now he's helping Tony. Beautiful, isn't it? Friendships can last a long time if you play your cards--"
." Steve had sworn he saw a red on his face, but Tony looked away before he could make sure of it. "Thanks. I think."
He directed his attention to the waiter. "No thank you," he told them with a curt nod. They walked off without another word. "I don't drink, Mr. Stark," Steve explained to him.
to tell him.” Bucky plopped his head back down, closing his eyes. “Now let me sleep, I have to facetime Sam later.”
"Oh. Well, thanks for the compliment, I guess. My art... it's kind of messy. I'm glad you like it." Steve rubbed the back of the neck with his hand, looking down at the floor. He looked like a mess. His blond hair was probably everywhere, paint stains on his clothing and his hands. Most likely his face too. His art wasn't that good, either. He wouldn't have cared if it was anyone else seeing him like this, or even saw his art. So why did he care about it around Tony?
The door to the library opened, and a disheveled looking Tony walked through, scanning the room. Girl's heads turned as he walked in, but he paid them no attention. Steve raised his hand at him and waved, and he came over immediately.
"I apologize for the mix-up. I am afraid Tony doesn't tell me much. I'm Howard Stark, it's nice to meet you, Mr. Rogers."
There is a lot of girls on the cheerleading team that match that exact description, please be more specific.
"Aw, I'm happy to see you, too, Stevie." Tony joked, before looking at him more seriously. "But yeah, he's an asshole with his suffocating incorrect remarks."
"Did you seriously just say heck?" Tony shook his head, smiling at the blond. "Anyways, catch up, Rogers. I'm a genius. I'll never tell my secrets."
The crowd around them stared, even when they left the dance floor. The blond knew how self conscious he was because of this. They were all, in one way or another, judging the both of them silently. But this time, Steve learned to ignore it, a little bit at the least. All that mattered was Tony. The way he moved so graciously, helping Steve follow his movements without stumbling.
“I’m expecting you to do what's best for Tony. I see how you look at him. I know you care for him. And Tony deserves someone who does. But not you. He needs someone who is adapted to this. He needs someone… what's the word?”
As Steve grows more and more desperate with the absence of Tony, he goes to Mrs. Carter for her advice.
Tony leaned up on his tip toes, his lips right next to Steve's ear. "Do you want to leave?" He whispered.
It became quite obvious to Steve that Maria and Carol were Coach Fury's sources of happiness. He loved his daughters more than anything in the world. Not to mention that it was absolute hell for the team when they left after the holiday seasons. The welcome was the best part for everyone, the goodbye being the one thing that was dreaded. Fury would start to return to his old routine: more yelling, mood swinging from left to right in moments. This cycle had continued for the two years that Steve had been at college playing football.
"Name?" A man at the front door asked them. He held a clipboard so tightly in one of his shaking hands that his knuckles were white. On the other hand, he held a blue fountain pen, with a feather at the top that was nearly falling apart.
I have a game on Sunday, so Bucky will probably be there. Just knock and stay at the door, okay? He has a fear of bombs being in packages.
The blond put his frustration out onto the canvas, eyebrows furrowed and lips pressed into a thin line. He didn't know what he was painting, but did it matter? Strokes and dabs of paint here and there, maybe a cloud in the left corner. It was okay to express freedom in the world of art. Soon enough, his hands were littered with different shades of paint, his shirt stained with them too. He didn't really mind, though.
"Did... did you um, get my...  gift ?" Tony asked him, biting the edge of his lips. Steve found himself staring at them, before forcing himself to divert his eyes to somewhere else on his face. "I was hoping I didn't get the wrong place. That would've been weird."
The blond sat at that table waiting patiently for Tony to arrive. His head would pop up expectantly when the door opened with a sudden gust of air, only to see that it was just another face of another student that he didn't know. The minutes seemed to pass by ever so slowly, and Steve had never been so bored. He ended up giving some of the floor tiles names and even created fake storylines for the people that sat around him. The girl with an afro across the room, which he had named Amelia, was from Poland and had a strong accent. A boy who was looking at the books in the nonfiction section had been named Jamie, who came to college wanting to be a book author.
Five fifty-five had suddenly turned into seven o'clock. Had Tony really stood him up to a tutoring session? With no notice beforehand?
"He brought a car of his own in, asking specifically for me to fix it. But the car was a piece of shit, it couldn't even be fixed. He stood there for hours while I tried to figure out what the hell was wrong with it. It took all night only for me to fail. He told my employer that I was a bad mechanic, that I needed to be fired immediately. And though he appreciated my work and how much I had helped the shop, he had to fire me. My father did that to embarrass me, to teach me some sort of fucked up lesson. All I learned that night was how to be more secretive around him and my mother."
"He had obviously been eavesdropping and gave me some stupid offer. He told me that he would tutor me in whatever class I needed it for, only if I agreed to show up to some charity event to impress his dad. Tony even said he would get the suit for me!" He let out a long breath, running his hands through his hair for what seemed like the hundredth time that night. The whole situation made him nervous. "It's just... weird. I don't know how to explain it in a way that makes sense."
Best Bet is almost at 1000 reads! That's absolutely crazy. Thank you all. For that, some of this chapter will be in Tony's point of view.
The hallway leading up to Steve's dorm was dark and empty. The two of them walked side by side, shoulders constantly bumping into each other because of the small width of the area. Every touch sent tingles through Steve's arm. When they arrived, both of them seemed to know exactly where the door was. Steve, because that was where he slept and ate most of the time. And Tony, because he was the one to drop the suit off yesterday night.
Tony had mentioned Obadiah Stane on the ride here. He was one of his father’s old friends, who had helped with Stark Industries on its rise to fame. Steve had heard Howard talk about Obadiah before, but at the time he just didn’t know the man’s name. Was that the man that Howard was so intent on meeting Steve?
"But... why-- why can't you bring someone else to those galas? I'm nothing... special. You're around much more special people."
"Hi, hi, sorry I'm late and all that. Lab emergency." His shirt had a coffee stain on it and the rest of his clothes looked wrinkled. Tony's hair was everywhere, as he tried to tame it by running his hands through his hair.
Bucky and Sam were all he needed as far as friends went. Dating wasn't something he wanted to get into.
Her absence at events also brought on the attention of many rich snobs who only wanted something to gossip to one another about.
"Do you want to... dance?" Steve rubbed the back of his neck, his face flushing. "Do you-- would you like to... Tony Stark, would you want to--"
"It's because they're homophobic assholes. A man and a man showing up together for an event, oh, how taboo," Tony mocked, flinging his hands up in the air. "Don't let them get to you. Shoulders back, hold your chin up high." Steve held his head up, and Tony smiled widely. "Not that high, Rogers. Laugh, right now. Like I just told you something funny."
At the sound of an engine, Steve turned his head. A sleek black car had pulled up along the sidewalk, the passenger window rolled all the way down. The man sitting at the driver's seat was no other than Tony, his brown hair messy and falling around his face. A smile made its way onto Steve's face. "You going to get in, Rogers?" Tony questioned, popping the car door open.
"Of-- of course, Mr. Stark," the boy stammered, practically rushing over towards Tony. "We will, um, talk soon."
Howard walked right next to Steve's side, always attempting to make straight eye contact with him. The blond knew this must be some sort of stupid intimidation tactic, and it was working. He pretended like he was entranced by the activities going on around them instead. Oh, how interesting! A waiter with a plate full of shrimp in his hands! A woman that was focused intently on fixing the nail on her index finger. How amazing.
“I am very sorry to interrupt,” Jarvis disrupted the two. “Mr. Stark, your father requires your immediate presence,” the man explained, throwing an apologetic glance Steve’s way. Steve nodded to him, lips in a tight line. It was his way of saying that it was alright.
My school is closed due to COVID-19, so expect some more updates soon! (Wash your hands, y'all, don't be nasty.)
Steve looked around the hallway and determined that it was only about 11. If they were still at that event, people would still be donating how ever much money they wanted to prove their wealth. He was glad that Tony had proposed the offer to leave. It was about to become unbearable. The only regret the blond had was not taking some food with him on the way out, the shrimp being served could've fed him and Bucky for days.
His thoughts mindlessly wandered to Tony earlier that day in the art classroom. He didn't know how Tony knew he was in there, or where his dorm even was for goodness sake, but the blond was glad to have seen him. The smile on Tony's lips, the genuine compliments that he had given him. Steve knew he couldn't have been developing a crush. Of course, he couldn't be. Tony Stark wasn't gay, and never would be. There would be no point in developing feelings, it would only end in hurt.
Tony smiled, looking out into the classroom. "Good. I'll be going, I wouldn't want to interrupt your class."
"Tell me about yourself, Steve," Howard told him. It sounded more like a demand than it did anything else. A short silence followed, and the older man let out a laugh. "There is no need to be shy. I don't bite."
"Well, you make sure to tell me when you find out." She walked off to her desk without another word.
"No." Steve successfully grabbed the box quickly out of his hands, gripping it tightly in his grasp. "Your definition of a date is much different than mine."
A nervous Steve tells Bucky about Tony's deal, and ultimately decides to show up for help in his classes. Needless to say, Tony is late, and Steve is a bit annoyed. Some words are exchanged between the two. (Also known as: Tony and Steve are oblivious to the fact that they both like each other.)
Tony left, walking away with Jarvis at his side. Which only left Steve alone in a mostly crowded room, filled with mindless chatter. He grabbed a water from a table nearby, chugging it down.
"That expression! It's your Steve is being stubborn for no reason face." Steve saw that face coming from Bucky almost always.
The two backed away immediately in the presence of Bucky, both of their eyes wide. The sight was suspicious, but Steve hoped Bucky was too tired from sleeping to even notice. Or care.
The blond didn't know it, but every once in awhile, Tony would look over and smile at this boy being such a dork about being able to have the window rolled down in the car.
Howard and Tony had always been known not only for their brilliance and their good looks, but for their ability to get practically anyone they wanted, and anything that they wanted. They were the masters of it.
. Steve was trying to see a way that this wasn’t his fault. What kind of psychopath would blackmail a college student?
The room was dark and dusty, the blinds drawn in to block the natural sunlight from coming into the room. The shelves were left empty, and the big desk that sat in the front of the blond was clear of anything that had once been there. The carpets were bland, the walls a boring shade of beige. No student or teacher liked to be in here, which only spoke for itself. It seemed like no one had ever occupied the office in the first place, seeming at first just another place of wasted space on campus.
"I'm... not exactly sure yet. I have two years to figure it all out," Steve responded with a shrug. In two years, he did not see himself ever wanting to join the NFL. Nothing even related to sports. But he wasn't willing to tell Howard that he had a degree in art education, and was planning on getting a job as an elementary school teacher. Howard probably knew that about him already, anyway. "There's a lot of options for me out there, sometimes it's just hard to pick and choose."
Before their argument turned into a food fight, Steve stood up and went to their small kitchen to get some water. The fridge was three feet tall and the sink sometimes didn't work. At least they had a kitchen, to begin with. Since it was an open floor plan, Steve could still hear every word Sam and Bucky were saying to each other. They always had little meaningless arguments like this. But they did both love each other a lot. The two were just very stubborn. Very.
“A pink tie?” Bucky mumbled, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hands. The blond had just woken him up (from probably the second nap of the day) to show him his new suit from Tony.
"I used to babysit my neighbor's cat when I was a kid," Steve began. "That cat hated my guts. It would scratch up my arms if I didn't feed it on time, and if it was disinterested in its toys it would try and destroy furniture around the house. Eventually, the neighbor was like,  Steve, we love you, but you can't do this anymore for us.  I got fired without even being told that I was being fired. My mother wasn't even mad at me for it. Later that week I had found a job for the local newspaper, except all I did was ride my bike around and throw it into people's yards. I got fired from that, too."
Steve fumbled around in his pocket, his fingers finally touching a crumpled up note. He retrieved it and flattened it out with his thumbs. Tony's number was indeed on the slip of paper. "Wow. Okay. I'll give you credit for that one."
Jesus, the two chapters I've posted need some serious editing. I'm sorry y'all had to read some of this I'm tired.
"And the boy has manners!" Howard said to himself in surprise, gripping his hand and shaking it vigorously. Steve furrowed his eyebrows. "I see that Tony can pick out his dates rather well. Why don't we step right over there to have a nice little chat?" He had his hand pointed over to a corner in the room, which automatically made the blond's hands start to sweat.
The blond felt a light tap on his shoulder, and he turned around to see an older man with a full head of white hair. "Are you... Stephen Rogers? Steven?"
With a quick look at the clock, Steve saw that there was only fifteen minutes before class actually started. Other classmates would start to file in soon. He picked up all his brushes and walked to the sink to rinse them off. He would leave his painting out to dry in the class overnight, and pick it up in the morning. Maybe he could give it to Mrs. Carter as a gift, as he did with most of his pieces if he didn't keep them or give them to someone else for a Christmas or birthday gift.
Steve knew way too many people. It was one of the things that came with being a star football player. In classes, people would walk up to him randomly and start a conversation. Most times it was someone he couldn't even put a name to. All of the art classes had a different crowd. He didn't fit in with them, that much was true, but it was nice to not be so known. They would give him one look and it was over. Steve Rogers wasn't Steve Rogers, the popular boy. Steve Rogers was Steve Rogers, the boy who liked to paint and draw portraits.
More heads seemed to turn to look at Steve and Tony as they walked by. A woman suddenly approached the two of them. She was undeniably pretty, with sleek orange hair and bright blue eyes. The dark blue dress that she wore was alluring. The blond began to wonder if these were the type of women that Tony often brought along to these events. "Tony!" The girl gushed, reaching in for a hug. "I thought you might not show up.
"--so being on the football team is the only thing keeping me enrolled. I really need to get the best grades I can."
Steve's heart fluttered at the prospect that Tony cared. Because, God, did Steve care about Tony. More than he would like to admit.
Bad grades, no football team. No football team, no college. No college, then what? A lifetime of working from store to store, paycheck to paycheck? Nowadays, no good jobs were available without a degree. Unless he became a model or an actor, which those two options were definitely already out of the picture. He was definitely too awkward in film and stiff on camera.
“Well. To Tony, to Mrs. and Mr. Stark, and to Mr. Jarvis, I’m fine. I’m not sure what to tell you since who Tony dates doesn't concern you or your work for the family--”
The man looked up immediately from his clipboard, red covering his cheeks. His shaking only seemed to worsen. "Oh, I apologize Mr. Stark. Go right in."
to feel about the package that showed up in front of his door last night with no sign of Tony. But he knew he should have expected for something to show up at his door, anyway. During his short time of knowing the millionaire -- and knowing very little about him -- Steve knew with no doubt that he liked to be dramatic. To make an entrance everywhere he went. Tony could show up anywhere and anytime wearing the most ridiculous of outfits and nobody would question him on it. Because that was Tony Stark. The package showing up with his name written on it and a brief note was nothing out of the ordinary for the brunet to do.
"I might have or might have not hit a woman in the face with one of the papers one afternoon. She was furious. This woman called it in and reported me and everything, even though I had apologized many times." Steve let out a small laugh. "The people there were like,  really Steve?  They didn't want to let me go because I was the only one willing to go around on my bike for such a low pay rate, but they didn't want to deal with her again."
“Mr. Rogers!” A man called out from across the room, approaching the blond. Howard had probably mentioned Steve to Obadiah already, there was no need to be paranoid.
Steve put the blue one back on its hanger and back into the closet and tugged his shirt off over his head. He threw the shirt on his bed, telling himself that he would pick it up later. (Which was definitely not going to happen.) Fitting his arms through the sleeves and pulling it over his chest, Steve realized again for the thousandth time exactly how comfortable this sweater was. Bucky seemed to hate every sweater he had ever owned in his lifetime, though. If only his friend knew about the amazing benefits it came with.
I will be adding more to this chapter! (It's only 873 words, needless to say I am ashamed) Thank you for reading.
The library was quiet as usual when Steve arrived there five minutes later. Only a couple of students occupied some tables by themselves, studying for upcoming tests or scrolling mindlessly through their phones. After looking around, Steve spotted a table on the far left corner with a window view of he school garden and made his way to sit over there before anyone else could take the spot. Not like they would, anyway. Hopefully Tony wouldn't mind this spot too much, Steve just had an everlasting love for pretty gardens.
He blushed, trying to discreetly hide his face beneath his hands. Did Tony really think that he had a pretty face? "Whatever," he spat out. "Can we do Stats now?"
Why wouldn't I?  Steve couldn't believe the words that came out of Tony Stark's mouth. He would've never expected it.
"You get to go on a date with Tony Stark!" He exclaimed, smiling as he looked over at Steve. "So tell me, and tell me the truth, did you agree?"
"Did you try it on? I had to contact your damn football coach to get your measurements," he explained with a laugh.
Perhaps that was one of the main differences between the two boys. One was a football player that had come from a poor lifestyle in his hometown with dreams of becoming an art teacher. The other was simply a pretty little playboy from a rich powerful family, who probably didn't even know what his ambitions were. Steve sighed, trying to get these thoughts out of his head. He couldn't discriminate just because Tony had been more fortunate than him. Sometimes he wondered if he was rich, would he and Tony be friends at the current moment? But wondering wasn't reality, he had to realize that.
"Are you listening to me, boy?" Fury questioned, reaching out and snapping his fingers in front of the blonds face. As he was forced out of his head space, he could feel the red rising up his neck and onto his face. He only hoped that Coach wouldn't be able to see it in the dark lighting of the room.
Steve jumped, before turning around with a tint of red on his cheeks. It was from Tony. Of course, it was Tony, looking good as always. He wore his lab coat over his t-shirt and high waisted jeans. In his hands was Steve's abstract art, a smirk on his lips as he stared at it before putting it back down. "You're kind of creepy when you scare me like that, you know," Steve told him. "I didn't know you had an art class."
From what Steve had heard about the brunet from the many girls on campus, he didn't think twice about most things. He didn't want to believe their gossip now. Tony had proved himself to be a good person, maybe not to all people, but at least him.
Steve skimmed through his closet in a hurry, eyes scanning around in hopes of finding an acceptable outfit to wear to his tutoring session with Tony. It wasn't even like the brunet care about what he looked like, but the blond nonetheless wanted to look presentable. All of his t-shirts and collared shirts were definitely out of the picture, which only left his small collection of sweaters. He grabbed his two favorites off of their hangers and held them up to show to Bucky, who sat across the room texting someone furiously on his phone. One was an off-white color but very comfortable, and the other was light blue, but not as comfortable. He loved them both dearly.
“I think that these matching ties are quite the hit,” Steve whispered into Tony’s ear, glancing around at all the people around them. Judgement filled their eyes as they whispered to others, pointing to the two discreetly -- or at least, their way of being discreet. Which wasn’t subtle at all. “Aren’t you glad that I said something about it?”
“So you just expect me to leave him?” His heart burned at the thought of it. “You’re not threatening me?”
Obadiah leaned closer, running his fingers over the pink tie that Steve wore. He wanted to back away, but found himself frozen in place. “I hope you do what's right, Rogers. No hard feelings.”
To tell the truth, it didn't represent anything in particular. Perhaps it was his feelings painted out onto a canvas, but he wasn't even sure of how to explain that. His feelings were confusing lately, all jumbled up into one big mess that he couldn't unravel.
the blond responded in a whisper. "Look, it's not that big of a deal. Tony will probably ditch me halfway through anyway, you know how it is with people like him. Obsess about it all you want, but I'm going to bed."
He walked around in the area awkwardly for a bit, leaning his head this way and that way in a search for any man that even looked similar to Howard Stark. Steve didn't even know if the man had a mustache or not. He had seen glimpses of him from news articles online and on television, but they typically used younger pictures of the billionaire. Who knew what he looked like at the current moment?
"Can... can I roll the window down?" Despite the heat outside, he just wanted to feel the wind on his face. Tony only responded to that with a nod of his head.
The brunet opened the car door, stepping out as Steve followed. The two walked together through the parking lot, as the area became more and more crowded as they got nearer.
Tony led Steve away, but he could still feel Howard's eyes burning holes into his back from afar. Steve had the urging suspicion that maybe Howard didn't even like him at all.
After Steve's position on the football team is threatened because of his poor grades, Tony decides to step in.
This is the last chapter! Thank you all so much for taking the time to read this and joining me on this journey. I will be writing another story soon.
practice," the older man added, shaking his head in disappointment. "What is going on with you lately, Rogers? This team needs you, you know this team needs you. But what do I get? Another cocky college boy blowing off his chances just like
"Do you have to attend every single one of these events?" Steve asked, his eyes wandering around. It was mostly old men and women who gathered around the entrance, the occasional young woman or man here and there. They all wore their fanciest outfits, with their posture perfect and steps that almost seemed fake. Steve pulled his shoulders back immediately.
This chapter is going to be shorter than usual! Thank you all for reading, even with my very inconsistent updates.
Their faces seemed to inch closer with every second that passed by, and Steve could feel the heat running up his neck and into his face. The fast beat of his heat was undeniable, along with the foggy haze in his mind. His eyes flickered down from Tony's eyes to his lips, trying in some way to figure out if he was feeling these emotions too. Tony looked beautiful in those moments. Deep brown eyes and a smile made of gold.
“Oh, I definitely am,” Obadiah corrected. “All I have to do is pull some strings and you’re off the football team and out of school.”
The blond remembered the start of this like it was yesterday. Bucky had come back after class one day, going on about some stupid boy in his journalism class. Apparently the two of them had been teamed up for a project, but didn't agree on how to do it. With the personalities that Sam and Bucky had, a fight was only waiting to happen.
"This is officially goodbye for now?" Steve asked, looking at his dorm door in sadness. The thought of leaving Tony so early in the night made part of him upset. He had made a good friend, why did their night have to be over so suddenly?
"I don't know, but you probably did something," Bucky said jokingly, pointing to the bathroom as he pinched his nose. "Please just go take a shower."
"Oh, you think so?" Tony asked, bringing his face closer to Steve's, smiling. "Who should I have brought then?"
After cleaning up he got out of the shower as fast as he could. "Hey, Buck?" Steve called out from the bathroom door, "Could you get me the box that's on my bed?"
"I wasn't getting worked up," he responded hastily. Tony wasn't a fuckboy. Steve wouldn't call him a fuckboy. But Bucky didn't see it that way. Tony had a heart, too. He sighed, "I'm sorry. I know you're worried, but... he and I aren't dating. We aren't going on dates and we don't like each other."
"Steve," Mrs. Carter said in amazement from behind him, a smile coming upon her red-tinted lips, "That's absolutely beautiful."
There was only two things that were slightly bearable about the room. The fact that it smelled like vanilla cookies, and the photograph hanging on the wall in a dark corner. The photo was bright, happy. A white light in the dark.
It hurt Steve to hear those words coming out of his mouth. Art education majors were just as smart as anybody else. Just as capable as anybody else. The only difference was that they chose to teach in a subject that they loved to do, not go out and chase money for their entire lives.
The thought of quickly taking out his phone and snapping a picture for his friend occurred in his mind, but he pushed that idea away almost instantly. If Steve wanted to blend in, he knew he could walk around acting like a tourist.
"Oh, I knew that already," Howard told the blond, seeming as if he was already bored of the conversation. Steve found himself raising an eyebrow at the man in question. Did Tony tell him that, or did this man do some research on his own? Howard gave an innocent shrug, "It's easy to look someone up online, you know. You're a star player. Slightly impressive."
The picture showed Coach Fury and his two adopted daughters, Maria and Carol. The three of them stood smiling, arms wrapped around each other at a fair. In his hands, Fury was holding a teddy bear that he had won from one of the many game booths. A smile adorned his features, making the man look seemingly younger. Fury was always happier when the two girls came around for the holidays, the workouts easier on the tea, and his mood always brightened. The team loved it when they came around.
Steve smiled fondly at the memory. That day, Bucky had beaten his bullies to a pulp. No fatal injuries to any of them, but it was enough that told them to back off. Everyone in the school afterward suddenly knew a new piece of information: don't mess with little Steve Rogers, or else you'll get it from James Barnes. Bucky had always provided Steve with protection and friendship, which Steve's mother had adored Bucky for. If she was still alive, the blond was sure that she would still have him come to dinner every month or so and go watch a movie. He missed that more than anything.
“Smart answer. But… I gotta admit, Rogers, something was bothering me. Something has been for the last two galas.”
Howard turned both of them around, hand still resting on the blond's hip. Tony's eyes flickered down at his father's hand in disgust, before making his face with an emotion that was unrecognizable to Steve. Howard looked harshly at his soon, before looking up at Steve to give him a smile. "I expect to be talking to you later, Mr. Rogers." His hand dropped.
But he couldn't deny the way his heart started to beat a little faster when he talked with him. Or the way he blushed so easily with his words. It wasn't a crush. It couldn't be.
"It was no one, Buck. It's just... I might be kicked off the football team. My grades suck and even Coach is getting onto me for it," Steve explained, Bucky listening intently to his words. "I was just outside of his office in the hallway when Tony freaking Stark walks up to me." Steve closed his eyes, laying his head back on his pillow. He remembered those exact moments vividly. The stupid smirk on Tony's face, the smile on his lips when he had said yes. Except for one thing: Steve didn't regret it yet, which was surprising.
"How did you get fired?" Tony asked. His head was leaned against the back of his car seat, his eyes shut closed.
To say that Steve had a bullying problem in his childhood was a major understatement. The boys in his school -- who were always bigger, better and stronger -- always thought it would be funny to follow him on his way back home and beat him up in alleyways. In the hallways after classes, they would knock his art supplies right out of his hands, steal his shoes, even sometimes going to the extent of taking his backpack for the week before returning it. They never got in trouble for the things that they did to Steve, so he told his mother he didn't want to go to school anymore. That was when Bucky found out about it, and
The brown haired boy rolled his eyes. “The cuffed jeans. His daddy issues. Him being an absolute mess. Those three ingredients call for a bisexual.”
Tony flipped open the mirror that was attached to the car ceiling, putting locks of his hair here and there to fix it. Steve did the same, realizing that somehow the wind had made his look a lot better than he had tried to make it look.
Steve looked over at Tony with a frown. "Your parents treated you that way? Why?" Steve's eyes widened. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked that. You don't have to answer if you don't want to."
" I don't have a boyfriend, I'm not going on a date," the blond reminded him. "It's the charity event I told you about, and that is the suit he said he would get for me to wear. Rich people are snobby about what people wear, you know."
Bucky only laughed at him, before lifting up the covers and laying down in his bed once again. "You're a punk."
"Two years can go by fast." Howard put a hand on Steve's shoulder and the blond tense upon contact. "Why don't you come on over here? I have a friend of mine that I want you to meet." Mr. Stark led the way, lightly wrapping his hand around the boy's waist as he led both of them to another room. Steve found himself to be immensely uncomfortable and was desperately searching around for any sign of Tony. Steve pulled lightly against his grip, but Howard tightened it slightly.
College football was not a thing that Steve enjoyed. He would rather spend his time and focus on his art education degree, not on lifting weights and trying to make it into the NFL. But, he was never as naturally good in academic subjects that other students around him excelled in. Mid-high school, Steve tried out for the football team to make up for it. Senior year, when the college football scouts started to come in to pick boys out, Steve was chosen. They offered him a full ride scholarship just to have him play on the team and attend. He couldn't just say no to the gracious offer.
If anyone had told Steve maybe five months ago that he would have a chance at passing his math class, he would've laughed right in their face.
“An arrogant, idealistic, football player firmly set in the liberal agenda? Gotta admit it, kid, I don’t think we can coexist with the Starks,” Obadiah explained, concealing his hate with a fake face of innocence.
Steve knew that he couldn’t trust his own conscience at times. He didn’t even have any regard for his own safety. But he had a sudden suspicion, that hey, maybe he should tell Tony now. In the middle of all this. Better now than later, right?
"My bun had absolutely nothing to do with the conversation at hand. And I think my bun is rather cute, so if you would back off--"
“What is it?” The smaller boy questioned him, looking up into the blonds eyes with furrowed eyebrows.
While the brunet had said many good things, there was one thing about Obadiah that stuck out. He was a snake, slithering into everybody's business and threatening to ruin their lives to get his way. The blond wondered if that's how he was friends with Howard Stark now.
agree?" He persisted. "I would've said yes in a heartbeat, honestly. Imagine it, Stevie. You get to go on a
"You mean after five months of hatred, a month of spiteful friendship and two months of ridiculous pining?"
"Should I dry my hair?" Steve asked, scrunching his nose. After football practice had ended for the day, Steve had gotten caught up talking to some teammates. He got to his shared dorm later than expected and showered in a hurry. The library was a short walk from where he was, but he still wanted to be a little early. Who knew what time Tony would arrive? He didn't know if the brunet was a late or early type of guy.
“Mhm, nice,” the brown hair boy agreed, laying his head down on the surface closest to him. Bucky closed his eyes, about to fall asleep. Again.
Horrible. Repulsive. Vile. Horrid. Words couldn't begin to explain how Steve felt about Howard Stark.
The blond stayed quiet for a minute, tilting his head in confusion. Before he suddenly got it. “Am… am I the problem, Mr. Stane?”
He lifted his head up from the car seat, narrowing his eyes at the blond. "I must say I'm surprised. But fine, I'll tell you something anyway." He looked out the window. "I never had to have a job like you when I was younger. My father had enough money to support the family for the rest of our lives. But, some part of me just wanted to be normal, you know? So I went out and got a job myself, never told my employer my real name and always wore a beanie over my hair. I worked in an auto shop, fixing people's cars in my free time. My father noticed how busy I had suddenly become and decided that he would follow me out one day to where I worked."
"I didn't know you had a little secret boyfriend! Why didn't you tell me?" Bucky laughed. "So secretive. Picnic in the park? Flying around in one of his private planes?"
"Then you have two more of those fancy parties to tell him and get you hands on that rich ass before someone smarter does."
"I tutor you and you go to three stuffy charity galas with me," Tony explained, waving his hands in the air as he looked up at Steve. Before any questions could be asked, he continued. "I'll provide the suits -- no one wants your physique in an unfitting rental."
"What is it, Steve?" Bucky questioned, pushing Sam away from him. "Sam! I swear to god-- stop! -- Sam! The pasta is
"I think this is a pretty big deal," he responded with a smirk on his face, holding the package in his hands. It relieved Steve to see that the note wasn't attached, and was still in the pockets on his pants from yesterday.
An awkward silence fell between the two. They stared at each other, smiling like idiots. Something had changed, that was for sure.
Tony, ever since they had first met each other in that hallway, had always had Steve’s eye. Always in his thoughts, in his words.
As they continued to walk towards the entrance, Steve noticed how calm Tony seemed. It might not be either of their scenes or their crowds, but Tony was obviously accustomed to fitting into this lifestyle. Tony had dealt with this from a young age, and he felt a pang of sympathy in his heart for him.
Tony opened one of his eyes to give Steve a look, a small smile on his lips. "You could look all of that up, Rogers."
"I had a lot of jobs after those. I used to pump gas at the gas station until I spilled it on someone's shoes. I walked dogs until one of the bigger ones tried to bite me. I also tried a local grocery store but I wasn't tall enough at the time to stock some of the shelves and I wasn't good at putting food in bags. I was fired literally every single time for some small reason but I didn't really care. There were always other jobs open for me to try out. Like lawn mowing, I was okay at that."
Instead of dealing with his thoughts, Steve showed up early to his art class instead. It was one of the only places that he felt he could truly be honest with himself. No cheerleaders, no football buddies that wanted to hang out for underage drinking. It was peaceful.
Tony smiled. "Six o'clock tomorrow, library. Bring your books. Don't be late, blue eyes." And with that, he walked off towards the exit door, a newly founded confidence in his step.
Tony got fed up, which was why he was here. Also maybe because he had happened to have a liking towards the football player, but that was beside the point.
"It's Tony." Steve looked down at his phone, the screen telling him that it was already five-fifty. "I have to go, I'll see you and Sam later tonight."
"Funny." Tony was a bit hurt by the comment, but it was true. He could pay his way out of college if he wanted to.
After his mother died, Steve found himself stuck in financial issues during high school. He was almost put in an orphanage, before Mrs. Barnes decided to swoop in and take him under her wing. A scholarship opportunity like this was the only thing that would be able to pay for college. (And he definitely wasn't going to ask Mrs. Barnes, he would live with that guilt forever.) The school had a known reputation not only for its great sports team, but also for its art program. He had to accept if it wanted a chance.
Having a position on the football team practically meant everything. No football team, no tuition payment.
“I don’t know, Tony…” He started, chewing on the inside of his cheek. “Steve seemed really worried. If he thinks you’ll be safe here, then I don’t think we should leave.”
, but he was on his own for everything else. Tony had begged the dean of engineering to let him teach one of the undergrad classes, throwing out the fact that his last name on the administration list and his continued work for the department would look great for the University. The only catch was that between teaching the class, his actual degree course load, and his various projects strewn across his lab at the university and random places throughout his apartment, there wasn’t any time to pick up another job.
Pepper was silent on the other end. After a full forty-five seconds ticked by, Tony started to get nervous. “Pep?”
Steve breathed out through his nose in a short huff. “Guess the warning we gave him twelve years ago didn’t quite stick.”
Thor gave him a serious nod and stepped back. “I shall alert our dear Captain of this new development. No doubt he will wish to retrieve you from campus.”
The moment he stepped inside the room, Steve watched the two seasoned Hydra members blanch. The blood drained from their faces, and they immediately began squirming in their seat. The third, the one that was too green for a cyanide pill, looked confused at his buddies’ reactions. Steve clicked on the intercom, puffing out his chest and using his best “Captain” voice.
.” He drew himself up and crossed his arms over his chest. “Now can we have a rational conversation about this without you going all macho-possessive douchebag?”
Steve stood up slowly, walking towards his false wall and pressing on a loose panel. It opened to his touch, revealing the perfectly round shield that carried him through his days at the Captain of the Howling Commandos. Once he slotted it along his back, letting it click into place, he turned to his team, eyes blazing with determination and purpose.
Tony groaned incoherently as the skinny metal arm poked and prodded at his side. He blinked awake, shooing away his bot’s claw. “Sleepin’, Dum-E.”
“You heard me. It’s a place a few veterans hang out, nothing fancy. Steve happened to sit next to me at the bar, and we hit it off. Next thing I know, some little shit comes in with his frat buddies, running his mouth about a bunch of nonsense he doesn’t really understand. Everyone tried their best to ignore them, but they got into the face of one of the older guys, and well, someone threw the first punch.”
The mob boss pursed his lips and tilted his head, cerulean blue eyes tinged with a hint of sadness. “I’m not the monster you think I am, Tony.”
...distributor is being watched by the authorities, so we thought we would go straight to the source.”
A man limped into the room, his black uniform caked with fresh blood. His face looked like it had come in contact with an anvil. The moment he stepped through the threshold, he stumbled onto his knees. “It’s them, sir.” He rasped.
Tony ended the call and just stared at the mirror above him. He felt...better. Knowing that he could call his friends whenever he wanted made this whole kidnapping situation easier. Rogers must have put a certain amount of trust in him to not alert the authorities, and Tony didn’t quite know what to do with that.
He could feel the heat of Tony’s gaze, knowing the younger man was watching his face for any sort of reaction. In truth, Steve
“So, what do you actually do?” He asked, leaning back in his chair and crossing his right knee over his left. “Besides drug trafficking, of course.”
When Tony awoke again, the pain had eased somewhat. The walls around him were a rusted grey with honest to god lampposts hanging every few feet. The warm blaze was easier on his eyes than the fluorescent lights. His brain was unfocused and muddled.
Without a second thought, Tony burst out of his seat onto his feet, throwing his hands up in the air. To everyone’s great pleasure, he didn’t so much as wince in pain at the movement. “Yes!
Tony rolled his eyes, hard, but looped his own arm through Clint’s anyway. “I’m actually going to have to get used to you being around all the time, aren’t I?”
Howard was the worst, no surprise there. He was jealous of Tony’s exceptional mind, for his prowess in engineering, computers, and robotics. At the age of four, Tony had already built a completely functioning circuit board. When he excitedly rushed to show his father on Christmas morning, Howard sneered, wrenched the device from his hands and threw it into the roaring fireplace along with the slowly burning logs. Howard watched as Tony’s eyes filled with tears at the act of cruelty, and chastised him for being weak by putting his cigarette out on Tony’s arm.
He distantly remembers seeing people hop out of the truck, their feet taking their sweet time as they walked over to help. Tony’s voice was hoarse as he screamed, fumbling hard with his own seat belt as he took stock of his injuries. Glass had left horrendous cuts down his forearm, the skin and blood showing straight through the fabric of his clothes. But his chest. His chest. Shards of glasses were embedded near his sternum, and Tony choked on his screams, choked on the blood. It was
A flutter of motion, and Stane had grabbed a stack of folders from Tony’s side, and began throwing him down on the table in front of him. “This is why.”
Tony’s brow furrowed, and the churning in his stomach grew into an uncomfortable pit. “Maybe. No. I don’t know. He
“Not that it isn’t really great to finally meet you guys, but…” He turned to Steve, eyes narrowing dangerously. “Can you tell me what the hell is going on now?”
He wasn’t the same skinny, broke, depressed kid who Steve rescued from the coffee shop that day. Tony had filled out from training with the Avengers and his skin had returned to its natural, healthy, glowing tan. Clint still refused to let anyone else cut Tony’s hair, even if he was a billionaire now, and Tony was perfectly fine with that.
Both of his friends laid their hands on him, pushing the damp hair out of his face and cupping his cheek. Pepper gave him a small smile. “You had a panic attack. The doctor said that it’s a symptom of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, something that is very likely given what you’ve been through.”
All at once, they all sprung out of their chairs and hurried over, completely surrounding Tony. They all introduced themselves, even though Tony could have picked them all out just by how often Steve talked about them. Bucky, Sam, Natasha, Clint, and Bruce all shook his hand and greeted him enthusiastically. Apparently Thor was back in Norway dealing with some drama with his brother. The only thing that seemed out of place was Bucky’s metal arm. Steve told him that he had lost it during a raid back in Afghanistan, and that he was having problems with his prosthetic. But that arm...it
The powerful men in the room shouted at one another, making the migraine between Tony’s temples throb unpleasantly. He didn’t think he could last much longer. This demonstration was supposed to be his swan song, but now he wasn’t even sure if he could get through it.
He grinned devilishly, bumping their shoulders together. “Hard, rough, and desperate. Like he damn well missed me.”
It was their first date, and Steve never wanted to take his hands off of him. But that was the problem, wasn’t it?
So Tony told her about their two chance meetings, about Steve’s broad shoulders, his thin waist, what Tony guessed he looked like underneath those layers of clothing. “I’m not joking here, Pep. I honest to God believe that he’s got abs of steel. Ones that I wouldn’t hesitate licking this ice cream here off of.”
“Your father’s had a change of heart, son.” Obie remarked with an air of forced sympathy. “Cutting you off was a heat of the moment decision, and we all know that the company needs to stay in the family.”
I'd love to hear what y'all thought of this chapter! It was pretty fun to write, and I love introducing new characters. Plus, I want to see Bucky and Tony be friends as much as y'all do...it'll probably take some time though.
“Excuse me!” Tony practically shouted, startling them both. “Please, I’ve been kidnapped! I need help!”
“I don’t...I don’t know what to say.” Steve muttered, the heels of his hands digging across his face. Tony pulled them away and sunk back down into the bed, exhaustion taking over again. Steve maneuvered them around so that he was under the covers, Tony resting in the crook between his outstretched arm and his chest. “I love you too, Tony Stark.” Steve kissed his temple and ran his fingers along Tony’s curls. “Sleep now.”
Y'all have been wonderful. Please enjoy this update. The last chapter will be posted tomorrow, and the epilogue on Friday.
Bucky grunted, but followed a delighted Tony back through the doors and down the hall to the space the Avengers carved out for his makeshift lab. Tony gestured to a chair next to a table with all of the necessary tools, and Bucky took a seat.
my own person, I can very well make my own decisions.” Tony snapped back, harsher than he anticipated. He took a breath to calm himself down and leaned back against the leather. “I stopped working for Stark Industries because the weapons I was making were hurting innocent people. Hydra was somehow getting ahold of them and using them in their gang wars.” His tone softened. “But the Avengers are different. You want to make Boston safer, like the Howling Commandos did with New York. I want to help with that. Plus…” he trailed, giving a slightly sheepish cough. “I want to make the bastards who hurt me pay. The Avengers can’t do that unless you’ve got the right tools.”
The Black Widow was known for being quick, efficient, and without any fanfare when it came to her kills. It was said that she could use almost anything around her as a weapon, that if you saw the black spider mask in your line of vision, you were just as likely to be shot down with whatever weapon was in her possession as you were to be strangled to death by a thread of string hanging loose from your curtains. She wasn’t picky when deciding how her mark might meet their untimely death, as long as it was over swiftly.
Thor gave him a soft smile and pushed to his feet. He followed Bucky out the door and moved to turn off the light. “You, Anthony Stark, are not safe until the villains behind your kidnapping are behind bars or rotting in the ground. I trust my Captain, and I gave my oath to come to his aid whenever I am needed. As long as Friend Steven, the Avengers, or you, Anthony, need me, I shall remain here.”
When he opened his eyes, muted rays of sunlight flitted through the high arched windows, illuminating the rest of the bedroom. Tony shifted to stretch out, then froze when his leg pressed up against something solid.
having Tony so close. Tony’s hands slid over his hair, gripping tightly and yanking Steve’s head back. His normally cerulean blue eyes were completely blown and glazed over, and Tony knew his own had to match in turn. “Clothes-“ Tony choked out and ground down again to increase the pressure against his cock. “They need to be off, like,
Steve couldn’t fight back his pleased smile. “Excellent. Then Tony, why don’t you show us all what you have prepared for the team, then Clint and Nat can brief us on the mission. I want details of his latest movements, and then we can discuss how to proceed and what time frame we are aiming for.”
“You did the right thing, Nat.” Steve praised softly. “Let’s go talk to them, and if I like their story, we’ll bring them back to the warehouse.”
Steve gave him a small smile and stepped into the room, carrying a medicine capsule and a glass of water. “It’s actually around seven at night, how are you feeling?”
And then Tony got it, and had to close his eyes to bite back on his frustration. Before he had learned that Steve was the
Steve chuckled and shook his head. “Already did. He called on his way, Thor is taking him. We’ll fill him in on everything once he’s finished.” He checked that everyone was in their seats before clearing his throat and reassuming his Captain persona. “Alright, let’s take it from the top, shall we? Clint, Sam, you start. Then Wanda and Pietro-”
But he stayed quiet instead. Tony simply nodded, eyes narrowing at Steve as he put on his shoes, just like Steve asked. Tony was a genius, and he was smart enough to know that Steve was hiding something, and if he pressed now, Tony wouldn’t get anything out of him. No, he would bide his time. Take in all the information and variables, then gather enough evidence to shove it back into Steve’s face so that he would be forced to answer his questions.
Bucky’s terrible sleep schedule. His roommate was up during the day just for enough time to attend his classes, but as soon as he got back to their dorm -- he was out like a light. It only resulted in the brown haired boy staying up at night, repeating the same process from the day before.
Tony wasn’t an idiot, and knew exactly what Bucky was feeling right now, but he wasn’t about to let that stop him from trying to help. “The wiring’s been interrupted. I noticed it before, but the battle at the Hydra based messed with it even more. This is
Natasha fucking loved her new toys. She didn’t know how Tony figured her out, but she wasn’t about to complain. The electricity coursing through the last mark was cut off as she removed the baton from the man’s neck, leaving a scorched, bloody imprint. She made a note to thank the young genius later by taking him out for cheeseburgers. Tony loved his goddamn cheeseburgers.
His eyes snapped open, and he winced at the light. Then winced again as his body throbbed in a deep rooted ache. Tony tried swallowing, but found that his mouth was dry and caked with the taste of metal. Of blood.
...won’t try something like this again, but I do need you to be safe, Tony. I know you’ll be an asset to Bruce on the mission, but can we at least set some sort of time frame? I won’t be able to concentrate knowing an Avengers operation might jeopardize your future and your safety.”
Tony shook his head, the stunning grin still plastered across his face. “No please, the ride was enough. I’ll see you tomorrow, okay? I’m in apartment three-B, if you uh, want to pick me up there.”
Bucky shrugged, crossing his arms and leaning against the bay walls. “I was a sniper in the army. It was my job.”
. One of the brightest minds of their time, and the best weapons designer in the entire fucking world. Sure, his pops was in charge, but an SI bomb had taken Bucky’s arm in a Hydra base, so he took it upon himself to learn everything about that business inside and out. Including who was the real brains behind SI’s most dangerous weapons. Turns out, Tony designed the damn thing when he was only twelve years old. Then one day he goes off to college and poof, he just happens to disappear.
Apparently once Steve was satisfied that he had piled enough clothes into the bag, he moved into the bathroom to grab the toiletries. “Steve!”
Tony grinned and sorted through the unopened box, picking up a piece with pepperoni on it. “I’m in.”
If possible, Steve’s mood darkened further. “Tony isn’t a part of this, Buck. I don’t want him anywhere near Avengers business.”
He furrowed his brow, not wanting to be interrupted before getting a chance to tell Steve what he found, but Clint seemed insistent.
A lot of commotion happened the following week. Zemo went to the cops, accusing Steve and Bucky of beating the shit out of him and his crew, but as he was the only one who actually got a look at his attackers, plus his less than stellar reputation, no one seemed to believe him. Plus, Lucy and Susan provided a rock solid alibi, telling the police that the boys had been with them the entire night, keeping them company after what Zemo did to Lucy.
“Maybe a little,” Tony admitted. “But honestly I don’t mind all that much,” he shrugged, the smirk never leaving his lips. “I’m into it.”
Sam snorted across the living room, careful to keep his voice down for the ones sleeping on the couch. The Avengers were scattered around in various positions and states of consciousness with empty pizza boxes lining the coffee table. Bucky and Natasha were draped across one another in the loveseat, while Sam sat alone in his laz-e-boy chair. Thor, Steve, Tony, Pepper, and Peter were curled together on the couch, snuggling into the comfortable leather while Bruce, Clint, Wanda, and Pietro leaned against their legs on the floor.
to be alone. Being alone meant that Hydra could come back to get him...wait, not Hydra, Hydra was dead. Fucking blown up, his own doing.
Tony blinked, wide in faux confusion, still staring at Steve’s alias. He narrowed his eyes and returned his gaze to Stane. “Why do you care about the Avengers?”
He spun around, eyes wide in disbelief as he watched the ex-army Captain America look alike from this morning, the subject of his shower fantasy, walk towards him. “Steve?”
And would you look at that? Anger dissipated. He gave her an easy smile and shook it. “I’m Steve. It’s nice to meet you.”
Dear fucking God, yes, Tony wanted to touch it. He just barely held back a whimper, but couldn’t stop his hand from reaching down and giving his own cock a slight pull. The relief was instantaneous, so he gripped himself tighter, just the way he liked it. Rogers moved forward slowly, keeping his darkened gaze on Tony. When he was close enough to touch, something feral and needy in the back of Tony’s mind demanded that he feel the wet skin, so he didn’t bother trying to keep his hands off Rogers. The mob boss sucked in a pleased hiss when Tony’s fingers skimmed across his abs, then pressed closer to give him more room to work with.
It was Steve’s turn to cut him off, but this time by pressing his lips against Tony’s, sucking the breath right out of him. “Sweetheart, I’m not sure if you remember this, but I didn’t even know your last name was actually Stark until the night before the attack. But,” he added hurriedly, seeing Tony’s shoulders slump in defeat, “Even if I did, it wouldn’t have changed how I feel about you.”
. He was the one working with Hydra. He was the one who sold me out. He-” Tony’s voice cut off in choked sob. “My
Tension swirled around in the room, and Bucky watched him with darkened eyes. He didn’t say anything for a few long moments, and when he did, the soldier crouched down in front of Tony so that they were at eye level. “We will protect you, Stark, and find whoever brought your name to Hydra. You don’t need to worry about that.” Bucky hesitated for a moment. “But everything you’re feeling right now? That anger and heartache? It’s only going to hurt you. Your parents are shitty people, and they hurt you in a way no parent should ever hurt a child. But that bitterness is going to hold you back from living your life, from moving forward.”
He shook his head, flexing his hands by his sides. “Tony is...good. I want him to stay out of this.” And he did. Tony was incredible. A light.
Bruce pursed his lips while Clint sniggered. “I suppose not. I wanted to try though. Steve…” he sighed, his shoulders drooping. “Steve still blames us, I think.”
He shrugged, leaning back into the cushion and picking up the remote control. “I have this feeling, is all.”
His ‘host’ didn’t seem to appreciate the implication that he’d off his chef for such a silly matter, but Tony wasn’t about to let himself feel guilty for the quip. If Rogers wanted Tony around, then he was going to have to get used to his sense of humor.
The signal came at exactly 3:45. The bartender, a burly, tattooed man with a black goatee followed the last pedestrian out and watched him drive off. He checked the streets to his left and right a few times, eyes not bothering to linger on the small black car that had been parked there for a few hours, before going back inside and locking the door. Steve and Bucky could see about fifteen people still inside, and they gave it another twenty minutes to let Zemo and his associates fall into a false sense of security.
They had only been ten minutes away from campus when the truck slammed into them, flipping the car three a total of times until it landed on its roof. Tony remembered coming to upside down, sobs escaping his throat as he frantically called out for help. Oh God, he had been so scared. Everything hurt. He couldn’t breathe. Bruce was completely unconscious...or, or
In hindsight, that little piece of information should have made the bigger picture clearer, but he was too caught up in the fact that his mouth was watering at the idea of getting in there to check out the wiring.
. He didn’t pull his hand away, so Steve grabbed it with his own and intertwined their fingers, pressing a light kiss to his date’s knuckles. “I’ve had a really nice time tonight, Tony. May I take you out again?”
Tony couldn’t help but laugh at that, for some reason he just couldn’t see Steve flying off the handle at all, much less because he missed out on his eggs and bacon. “I’m inclined to agree with you. I normally prioritize coffee over food though, I’ve learned that I can’t live without it, despite what science tells me.”
Tony’s hand sped up and down his own length, twisting on every pass over his head. His other hand traced along the expanse of Rogers’ chest, ghosting across his nipples and splaying his palm out across the mob boss’ stomach. Tony wanted to lean forward and lick the water droplets off of Rogers, but managed to keep his tongue to himself, if only just barely.
“Oh, you know.” Tony shrugged, obviously uncomfortable with the praise. He moved on, tossing Bruce a USB drive. “Brucie-bear, plug that bad boy into your personal computer, and it will start all of my personal upgrades. You won’t find better software anywhere else in the world because, you know, I made it.”
Steve released a breath of relief as he squirmed in his seat inside the black Nissan. “Copy, thanks Bruce.” He switched over to the Avenger’s line and checked in on his team. “Report.”
And now, Bucky was enjoying one of the three dozen donuts and kolaches Sam had been roped into buying. The teenagers were shown to the locker rooms where the showers were located, and Nat had even let Wanda use her special shampoo. They looked astronomically better clean with fresh clothes, and although they still had their guard up, both Wanda and Pietro had relaxed a little.
“We were...tipped off, by an old colleague of yours. It seems as though your particular set of skills are quite valuable to us, Mr. Stark.”
Both men stopped in their tracks, raising an expectant eyebrow at the young man. “Uh, why would you want to go there?” Sam asked.
Clint was practically vibrating in his seat by the time Tony finished, and didn’t hesitate to leap across the room and tackle him in a hug. Steve let out a possessive growl, and the archer backed away quickly, taking his new bow and quiver with him.
Once Tony woke up in the hospital, Steve struggled keeping his hands to himself. Half of the time, he wanted to lightly run his lips along every bruise, scar, and stitch so that Tony knew he was still beautiful. So that he knew Steve still wanted him,
. It was the best word Bucky could think of to describe it. Instead of the scrappy, easy-going, polite kid who spent a little too much time charming nurses from a hospital bed, Steve had become harsher. Colder. Instead of lighting up a room, he froze it out. People looked at him, his height, his bulk, the way he held himself, and instinctively
“Yeah,” he frowned. When the papers reported Hydra had taken credit for a recent bombing, he hadn’t wanted to believe it. Especially considering that the gang had somehow gotten hold of SI weapons when they were back in New York. “Hydra’s back, and I’ve been hearing a few rumors that they’re in a gang war with this group called the Avengers.” It was times like these when he missed the Captain and his Commandos. Tony had practically worshiped them when he still lived in Manhattan.
