big of a fool, after all
Mrs Husdon forced me out of bed today. Well, off the sofa, anyway. I don’t sleep in my bed anymore. Too far to climb. God that woman’s persistent.
“The tension you two have created make it impossible to –"
Joanna tugged her head gear off and jogged over to the observation area where Reese immediately took hold of her hands to remove each padded glove.
of a day where pure happenstance or fate or whateverthehellyouwannacallit became the only reason she was still alive.
Why, Sherlock?!
wanted to get a word in edgewise with Sherlock, he would have to take the opportunities when they were presented to him. He pointed his chopsticks accusingly at the man across the table from him, but there was no real malice in his gesture.  “With
“You know, it is just possible that you won’t be welcome,” Mycroft’s tone urged caution though he knew it would be ignored.
Greg mimicked doffing his cap. “So?  Thoughts?”
Your estate.
wasn’t in your life.”  Mary sipped her drink and watched the emotions play across John’s face from over the rim of her glass:  denial, frustration, consideration, reflection, and finally … acceptance.
“The three of us …”
He raised an eyebrow in question.
Sherlock gripped the edge of the washbasin.  How many precious seconds had he wasted staring in shock at the ominous cipher scrawled across the windows?
“The wink was actually a nice touch. Very human of you,” Joanna said. She pocketed the phone, looked up at him.  When had she gotten so close? Sherlock wondered.  “It’s the same one you gave me that day at Bart’s.  Very cheeky, but then that’s part and parcel of the whole Sherlock Holmes package, isn’t it?  Play poorly at being human so they don’t have to see how human you really are.”
I’m nothing if not accommodating.
“You’re pupils seem to be appropriately reactive, but based on the way you’re blinking, I’d say you’re having a hard time focusing,” Sherlock offered.  He applied some antibiotic ointment to a cotton swab and then coated John’s laceration liberally with it.
So! Much! Better! WITH SCOTCH!!!
She only came back to life because of you.
space – then maybe you might have asked if
Are you not paying attention, or should I count this as another symptom of the concussion?” Sherlock demanded as they reached the landing in front of their door.  “You know you can’t tend to your own wounds, so that means
“You two sure know how to bugger things up.  If you get this stroppy after finally having the bollocks to shag the man that you’ve loved for over three years, you bloody well didn’t do it right!”
“What the – Donovan?  Jo? What in the bloody hell is going on?” Lestrade demanded and circled around the register table to confront his sergeant and the doctor.
John smiled his thanks and was warmed that Sherlock had though to do so.  Though sufficient for Sherlock to examine his shoulder, the light from the hallway wasn’t enough for the detective to tend to the rest of John’s injuries.  Realizing that the concussion would likely make John sensitive to light, Sherlock had used the towel to shield it.  There was now enough light for Sherlock to work, but not so much as to cause John any undue pain.
, Sherlock?  There is absolutely nothing typical or traditional about either you or John … or me for that matter, though many have argued to the contrary.”
, he thought at his brother’s puzzled look. “Why
“The other night after you were kidnapped by General Shan and her Black Lotus sycophants.  You asked why I was so annoyed and angry with you.  I wasn’t.”
I hate Greg.
Mary, herself, nursed the pint that Jamie had delivered 15 minutes ago.  He had set a plate of nibbles – still untouched – on the narrow table top and pulled the thick curtains of the booth closed behind him, ensuring the trio a certain degree of privacy.  The Drunken Labrador was a just a small, neighbourhood pub, but it wouldn’t be long before the regular, week-night crowd began to shuffle in, desperate for a pint to shake off the workday.
“Mummy?”  Lestrade didn’t even try to hide his amusement as Mummy Holmes wrapped her son in a perfunctory hug before getting right to the issue.
Hi all!
“Us?” John asked, his voice more than a bit bewildered.  “You mean the three of us … together.”
Joanna eyed him warily as his not so subtle threat hung in the air between them.  The last time they landed in A&E was one of the most exhausting experiences in Joanna’s life.
“Not the reason we think – Oh,
It had initially been slow going. It had taken nearly three quarters of an hour to unwind even half the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s head, but Joanna eventually fell into a rhythm and by the time her two hour time limit arrived, she had finished his nape, his left temple, and had moved on to the lower crown.
“What do you want, love?” John asked.  He cupped the side of her face in his large hand and rubbed his thumb affectionately across the bottom of her lip.
The delicate curtain behind Sherlock’s chair puffed gently from the night breeze that flowed into the flat, grabbing Joanna’s attention, and suddenly she was able to answer her own question.  Dropping the ruined pipe on the desk, Joanna grasped Sherlock’s violin where it lay in its open case on the floor next to the window, and though she held the priceless instrument reverently in both hands, she saw Sherlock’s eyes widen in concern.
That’s a lie.  There was one other time. And I treasure that more than you’ll ever know.  Not idealistic. Just truth.
extended attention was something altogether different.  As Joanna’s fingers picked and separated each tangle on his head, Sherlock found his mind decelerating. Lost in the sensations of her fingertips and of the bits of Joanna he had been storing in his mind palace for months, Sherlock felt a mantle of contentment settle upon him that he had not experienced in decades.
Mycroft will probably take care of the ASBO if I ask him, but I don’t think anything will take care of this hangover. I’d pour out the rest of the bottle if there was any left.  I think I’ve burned a hole in my stomach lining.  How in the sodding hell does Harry do this every day?!
“Hyperemesis Gravidarum,” Mycroft replied coolly.
are, but yours has become dangerous.  You have to talk to someone.  It
Tapping out the fingerings for Paganini’s Violin Concerto No. 1 in D on the tabletop, Sherlock thought about this for a moment.  He’d never openly admit it, but Sergeant Donovan had been correct.  He didn’t
“The front lines?” Sherlock was surprised. Mycroft had offered his brother Joanna’s service record, but Sherlock had declined, preferring to observe and deduce it for himself.  Of course she had seen combat – she invalided home from a sniper’s bullet, after all – but even Sherlock, who largely eschewed anything having to do with the war unless it directly pertained to a case, knew that the Sangin District in Helmand Province was one of the most dangerous locations in a country full of dangerous locations. Clearly he had missed something.  He hated that.
“It’s not the lead into a pub joke, Joanna,” Sherlock sighed, gesturing with the file in irritation.  “Three separate cases.”
“Jo, call 999.  Call them now!”
“Greg?” Joanna gripped his hand tightly and looked at him for corroboration.
,” amended John.
Sherlock shifted slightly to prop his back against the seat of his chair but otherwise made no indication that he was uncomfortable with the current arrangement.  They were comrades in arms who had suffered together in battle and were now simply content to relax with each other in the knowledge that they had survived Moriarty’s insidious game.   Twenty minutes ticked by before John interrupted the silence
Disclaimer:
solution to this situation is pain free.  You’re the one who suggested this course of action.”
“Sherlock?”  The consulting detective cocked his head toward the sound of the DI’s voice, but he did not pull his gaze from Anderson’s.  “Anything else to do here? Or do you have what you need?”
The Tree – Jenkins – acknowledged Reese’s advice with a wave, and dropped his head to the mat with a groan for a moment before slowly getting up to bump Joanna’s wrapped fist with his in appreciation for a good workout.
“If you agree to this, you’ll be able to deduce where to find me to give me your answer.  I'd rather you didn't just call.”  Mary pressed a kiss to the side of John’s mouth, breathing deeply of his calming scent before turning to Sherlock.  She smiled at him and risked a quick, affectionate tug on the end of his scarf.  Pulling open the curtains of the snug, she stepped out into the pub proper.
recommended!
John’s mind whirled with the memories of the night: waking up in the tramway tunnel, confused and disoriented; the damp, musty smell of disuse; the heat of the fires burning in the dustbins; General Shen’s threats; the horrifying yet empty click of her handgun when she pulled the trigger; Sarah struggling at her bonds beside him; the bolt of the crossbow aimed at her heart.  Things could have gone so wrong if Sherlock hadn’t shown up when he did …
Da.  He competed in the 1896 Olympic Games in Greece.  Probably would have qualified herself if they’d permitted women to do so in her day.”
, his Gran used to tell him.
Joanna rolled her eyes.  The exasperated ‘
The late evening scenery of Notting Hill blurred past them, but Sherlock saw none of it, choosing instead to focus his attention on the woman at his side. Dark circles had formed under her eyes seemingly overnight, and her skin was sallow rather than its standard brushed gold. Typically she was able to catch a few minutes sleep here or there during a long running case. She had an uncanny ability – honed during her years in the Army – to fall into a deep sleep within moments of settling down for a nap and waken relatively refreshed 20 to 30 minutes later, or whenever Sherlock was ready to get on the move again.  It wasn’t uncommon, in fact, for her to nap in the back of a cab, head resting against the window, or occasionally on his shoulder, while they rode through the streets of London, moving ever closer to the resolution of the case at hand.
“Only in so much as they’re predictably tedious and tiresome …” Sherlock sounded bored.
For those of you who have left kudos and comments, I adore you all.  Kudos make me happy as a clam because it lets me know that people are still reading, even after a month.  Comments, however, are absolutely divine!  I practically "squee" with glee when I see them.  Please keep them coming.
John was about to rise from the bed when achingly melancholic strains reached his ears. Though Sherlock insisted that playing his violin allowed him to think more clearly, John was increasingly convinced that the sounds elicited from that instrument had nothing to do with what was inside the brilliant man’s head but was, instead, a reflection of what was trapped inside his heart.  Based on the soft, sorrowful melody drifting through the flat, any overture that John attempted to make would be met with silence.
Few ever really looked beyond the iconic skyline. Oh, they saw the landmarks – Tower Bridge, Buckingham Palace, The Eye, the Palace of Westminster – but that wasn’t
I thought I’d let you know that I’m no longer sleeping on the sofa.  It’s not as good a thing as it sounds, though, as I’m usually kipping on the floor next to the loo.
.  About finding a
The kiss was searching and penetrating but also tender and delicate; everything that Sherlock was as well as everything Joanna was certain he could be. She coiled her fingers into the curls at the back of his head to signal her consent, and he pressed further, deepening the kiss. Sherlock’s tongue brushed the inside of her bottom lip compelling her to open to him.  He kissed her lazily, memorizing the contours of her mouth with his tongue.
to spend my birthday with – this one or the next 40 – than you.”
was concerned …” Greg didn’t need to finish.  They both knew.
So John would wait.  He watched silently as Sherlock focused his outward attention on washing the wounds on John’s wrists just as he had his temple: first the right and then the left.  Dip, wring, swab, dab, toss.  Dip, wring, swab, dab, toss.  He even went so far as to use his pocket magnifying glass and a pair of tweezers to ensure that no rope fibers remained that might generate infection.   The movements of Sherlock’s long fingers were surprisingly graceful for their inexperience at the task; John found the motions almost hypnotic, and when his left hand started its trembling again – as it always did when the stress of battle left him – Sherlock lightly gripped the back of John’s hand in the palm of his, stilling the tremors, and continued with his attentions.
had betr –“
Sherlock held her eyes for a long moment before he nodded and turned back to the task of finding the vial in Mr Soniere, victim number six.
“No.”  Sherlock shook his head vehemently.  “Like I said, it’s foolishness.  He was just a dog –“
“And Stamford brought you to me.”
“Okaaaay … ummmm … why?”
going to have to make a decision, Sherlock.  John
Sherlock cocked an ear toward the familiar sound of his flatmate’s footfalls on the stairs to 221B.  There was a slight hitch in her usually steady gait, however. Though Sherlock had largely cured the former soldier’s psychosomatic limp during their first chase through the streets and over rooftops of London, it would occasionally flare during periods of intense self-doubt.  On the whole, Dr Joanna Watson was extremely self-confident.  Her record as a soldier, a doctor, and now as a conduit for Sherlock’s own genius spoke for itself.
“Sherlock?” John mumbled, raising his head in query.
They had stayed on the roof for the rest of the night watching the city scape as they drank the wine and ate the fish and chips Joanna had picked up after she left the pub with Sherlock’s location embedded in a text from Mycroft.    They had talked about everything and nothing:  cases, the Yarders, her tours in Afghanistan, his stints in rehab, her days in medical school, his in Uni.  They argued about why she hated green peppers on pizza and why he never ate lemon custard but couldn’t get enough of lemon biscuits. He never became bored with the discussion, and she never became irritated with his answers.
Why did you leave me all of this, Sherlock? I don’t want any of it.
“No new case, and everything is fine. As you have, I’ve given my statement about the events of last evening and completed Lestrade’s tedious paperwork. It was all horribly dull, but –"
“We are
The publican’s eyes widened.  “O’ the 21?”
Sherlock had felt himself blink several times in rapid succession, but said nothing.  It seemed as though he was frozen in place.  He was looking at her but didn’t seem to really see her. The silence continued to drag on for several moments.
my lads now, Jamie,” she said.
“Pretty sure Mycroft did.  Or
, but it’s either here or A&E, and I
okay?”
“Where’s she going to be tonight?” demanded Sherlock.
Mummy blushed prettily and chuckled at the memory. “Oh, I did, didn’t I? Well, he certainly deserved it. As did you, Mycroft Holmes!” She slapped his cheek affectionately and didn’t hide her grin when he winced. “Now.  Visiting hours have only just started, is Joanna receiving yet? It’s far past time for me to meet the woman who is to be the mother of my dear Sherlock’s child.”
John moved his shoulders slightly to prove Sherlock wrong and grunted in pain and irritation when all he did was manage to prove Sherlock right.  Damn but he wanted to rip that cocked eyebrow right off of Sherlock’s face sometimes, the bloody git.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. As he spread ointment on the graze with his thumb, his long fingers reached around the nape of Joanna’s neck and gently probed the knot behind her right ear.   She winced and the fingers stopped immediately, instead resting lightly against the curve of her skull.
I don’t worry much about new cameras being installed. I rarely leave the flat, so unless your brother’s spooks are going to sneak in during the middle of the night …
“Before Sherlock.  After I was invalided out of the Army.  My shoulder.  My leg. The physical pain wasn’t the problem. This, however,” she poked the side of her head, her voice much calmer than before. “All the direction had been yanked from my life, but I should have been able to figure it out myself. Always had before. Ella was a waste, and I hated that I couldn’t pull myself out of that hell.”  She flushed with embarrassment at the memories, but forced herself to continue.  “Lived in an awful bedsit.  Most depressing thing you’d ever seen.  Every night before I went to bed I’d put my revolver in my mouth, and try to think of a new reason not to pull the trigger.”
“Each of us is a challenge to live with on our own,” Mary continued, slipping on her coat and blue gloves, “so the three of us in a relationship could be either a complete disaster or the most beautiful, fulfilling experience of our lives.”
He lifted her hand, turned it over, and pressed a final kiss to her palm.
The only thing I want is what I had. What
“You certain ‘bout that?”
Until Joanna.
! You have no idea what you’ve done, do you? Couldn’t be arsed to ask, either, could you? Would you even care if you had? These smoking pipes –“
“I know you don’t, so I’m going to try to explain it so you do.”  Joanna had reached out and tugged on one of the lapels of Sherlock’s Belstaff, pulling him closer. She looked up at him, and Sherlock had been shocked by the unexpected emotion he saw there.
Sherlock was looking at her with a hesitant yet hopeful smile.
“And they did.  It was fun.  Nice to spend time with everyone.  Haven’t seen Bill Murray since I invalided home.”  She had leaned against one of the ancient chimneys that dotted the rooftop of the historic building.  “You’d have hated every minute of it.”
The next ten minutes featured a very spirited discussion regarding personal grooming, invasion of privacy – ‘You can have your privacy when you start respecting mine, you berk!’ – and aesthetics that finally ended with Joanna’s passionate plea, “Sod it all, Sherlock! You know you don’t want to shave it off any more than I do.  I don’t buy the ‘transport’ argument this time.  You love your hair. I mean, have you
Mary looked at both John and Sherlock for a long moment.  Her smile was fond yet sad; the answer to Sherlock’s question was fixed in her eyes.
“… The best of a bad lot?”  Greg finished.
Through the open window, Mary heard his peals of laughter all the way to the end of the block.
“What you found was
command?!  How do you think that would play out with the Chief Superintendent, Sergeant Donovan?”
In the lull between two stunned heartbeats, Joanna decided to forgo addressing the whole ‘Sherlock that’s just a bit creepy’ issue and the ‘Why did you wake me just to ask if you could watch me sleep?’ question. Might as well ask him why he preferred his blue scarf to his green one.  Sometimes the length of the answer just didn’t warrant asking the question.
hadn’t needed to know about her attending physician’s scritching and fur pile fetish – nearly found them both tossed out, but Jo managed to talk down both the consulting detective and security, so Sherlock was allowed to stay; strop in full force.
“Joanna!” Sherlock barked, reaching for the clippers. “Give those to me now.”
Sherlock turned his attention away from a skilful sequence of swing punches to the man standing next to him. “Have we met?” Sherlock asked as he observed the dark-skinned man: forty-two year old former Royal Marine (three tours), gunshot wounds to the upper left thigh and left abdomen; not invalided out, retired; 20 per cent hearing loss right ear (didn’t always wear protective earplugs when on or around helicopters); mixed martial arts expert specializing in
She took a sip of her wine before continuing; Sherlock, strangely, seemed to hang on her every word.  She knew he was internalizing it.  Saving it on his hard-drive for later access and analysis. “You make some reckless choices.  Things that put the both of us in jeopardy – Moriarty’s a prime example – but that’s what I signed up for, yeah?  I knew what I was getting into that very first night, and I chose you and The Work anyway. If I weren’t up for the challenge, I’d have left straight away after the pool.  You can be thoughtless and insensitive, but never because you’re being deliberately cruel to me.”
“No,” said John around a mouthful of spare rib – his Gran would be horrified by his lack of table manners, but it had taken Watson all of three conversations with the consulting detective to figure out that if he
Comments and constructive criticism are always appreciated.
John jumped up from the chair and stalked around the small enclosure, running his hands through his hair in frustration.  “How can I do that? I love you, Mary.  I do.  I’m sorry, Sherlock, but I lo –“
“What?!” The ragged whisper of shock sounded as though it had been forced from her mouth.
“Thinking again, Anderson?  That was your first mistake,” Sherlock bit out, before turning around to grab his tools where they lay on the counter next to the body. “Your second error was in underestimating Joanna Watson.  Given the right motivation, she could be even more dangerous than I. The key difference is that she has a generally high regard for humanity whereas I do not.”
“A few scrapes and the beginnings of some swelling.  The bruising has potential, though.”
“A bit not good, yeah,” confirmed John.  It was why he had been so desperate to find new accommodations.   The managers of the bedsit had given him three days to vacate his room because of the nightly ‘disturbances.’
Eight days later, Joanna knelt beside the eviscerated body that was splayed out on the wooden floor of the back room of a small clothing shop in Portobello Road.  The room was dim – the light fixtures and electrical wiring were about as old as the vintage clothing that hung on the racks and walls – so Joanna had a small torch clamped between her teeth as she poked delicately through the viscera for the clue that she knew should be there. This was the third victim that she had examined in as many days.  Victim number five, by head count, of the Portobello Road Killer.  The Yarders had shortened it, incorrectly, to the “PBR Killer.” It was a nickname that drove Sherlock spare.
Right.  Idiots, both of them.  Enough of this shite.
Joanna was braced with a trembling hand – intermittent no longer – against the solid wood of the kitchen table and willed her stomach to settle for just a few moments.  God, her head hurt.  Felt packed with cotton wool set aflame.
after that, Sherlock. I was safe. For the first time in years! Then he died and every – everything went to Hell again!” Joanna spun away, dishevelling her hair even more as she struggled not to tear it out in frustration and grief.   “Dear God, is there anything that
“And you … care about me?”
Please, Sherlock.
“He survived.”  An obvious deduction considering the reverence with which Reese spoke about Joanna’s work.
the eye?”  The brilliant blues and reds that had blossomed across the right side of Mycroft’s face after Joanna punched him had mostly faded to sickly greens and yellows since last Greg had seen the elder Holmes brother.
In spite of the look of surprise that lingered on John’s face, Mary now felt no regret about speaking honestly.  It’s not as though she was embarrassing Sherlock; the man loved to have his ego stroked, and she doubted much that it mattered to him whether the one doing the stroking was male or female, but … “That being said, I rather think that’s neither here nor there,” she turned her attention back to the detective, “as you’ve made it clear that you’re not overly enticed by women –“
, Sherlock thought.
John jerked back at the unexpected contact.  “I can do it,” he protested.
“Heavier than I’d imagined.”  Joanna’s voice was now preternaturally calm. She tested the weight and heft of the violin as her eyes ran appreciatively over the polished deep amber wood from scroll to end button.  She had never touched it before, had never been presumptuous enough to even
This chapter came together a little bit faster than I anticipated, so I hope you all think it's up to snuff.
! A necessary one for The Work, as you well know.” Sherlock jumped to his feet to defend his point.  Though he towered over her, Joanna stood toe to toe with him, eyes dark with a ferocity he had never seen in her.  It was a warning, but one he failed to heed. “Yes, I found what I needed, and I was able to determine that the corpse –.”
the one who refused treatment at the scene.  ‘I’m a ruddy doctor,’” he mocked in a disturbingly accurate imitation of Joanna’s voice.  “If you don’t want me to do this
“Joanna …”
the hair products you keep in the cupboard.  You could coif half of Cornwall with what you’ve got in there.  Just give me
She could have spent her second night out of 221B with Lestrade. He knew what Sherlock could be like and had extended Joanna an open invitation to kip in his guest room should she ever need it, but she was still riled up enough that she wasn’t willing to risk alienating even more friends.
Again, this piece has not been through a beta or a Brit-picker.  If you are interested in either of those roles, you know where to find me.  :)
Why I am writing anyway?  It’s not like you’ll ever read these words on my blog. No one will.  Private, don’t ya ken?  Have been writing in this private blog for a while now, though. Used it to keep straight all the things in my head that I needed to keep sorted.  Not as good as your mind palace, but it works.  Stored it all on a flash drive and hid it away so you couldn’t find it.  You probably did, though. You always found the things I didn’t want you to find, you posh git.  Thanks for not letting me know that you had, though.  I appreciate that.  Suppose I can do away with the flash drive now and just keep it on my laptop.
Sorry for the extreme delay with this most recent chapter.  Thankfully, I managed to get it up before a full month passed, but I am heartily embarrassed by how long it took.  All I can say is that as a teacher, this time of year is extremely busy for me, but now that school has ended, I hope to post more frequent updates.
I recommend that the
You breathed strength and courage and audacity back into me, Sherlock.  You gave me a purpose again, and now that ‘s gone …
– protected Sherlock from danger had come as a bit of as surprise, yet it served to highlight the fact that John Watson was neither
“Got it in one, but not for the reason you think.”
are such bloody wankers.”
way. You will assist me.”
Sherlock had used the time to catch up on business.
“This isn’t over, you know,” she said softly.
.   Being around her was both relaxing and challenging. He certainly had laughed more in the last months than he had in the previous decade.  Given the opportunity, Sherlock was quite certain that he could comfortably spend the rest of his days with Joanna Watson in his life as his friend, but could there be more?  Did he want more?  Did she? He had it on good authority – nearly 25 years of observation and deduction though no practical experience – that intimate relationships were inherently risky when conducted with one’s best friend.
did,” Joanna replied, sarcastically.
Normally at this point in an investigation, when he was within a few clues of unveiling the killer, Sherlock was riding high on the adrenaline of the case, and though he felt the zing of anticipation, he was unable to tap into it to restore his flagging reserves of energy. He felt hollow and for the life of him, could not determine why.
?!” interrupted John.
to blow off some steam, but it wasn’t that kind of row the other night.”
“You loved him,” Mary had said of Sherlock one night as she and John lingered over dessert at an Italian restaurant that wasn’t Angelo’s.  He had never taken her to Angelo’s, and she was fine with that.  “Were
Should he have taken Joanna to lunch? Perhaps.  It’s what a friend would do, Sherlock supposed, flicking the ash of the end of the cig before brining back to his lips.  He did enjoy spending time with her, though he still couldn’t completely pin down why.   Joanna Watson was a constant study in contrasts that left Sherlock feeling more firmly grounded then he had ever been in his life while at the same time hopelessly wrong-footed in terms of his reactions to her.
time.  Rare for him.  Sherlock was troubled.
Sherlock had Helton pinned to the ground, secured with the cuffs he had nicked from Lestrade, not five minutes later. Unfortunately, neither man had escaped their tussle completely unharmed.  There was damage.  Helton dislocated his shoulder when Sherlock slammed him up against the drone being tested in the tunnel; no big deal as far as Joanna was concerned, she had a more significant injury to worry about.
“I’m nearly 40 bloody years old, for Christ’s sake! I served in sodding Helmand Province. Pulled men twice my size out of the crossfire.  Was fucking shot for my troubles, and all of that was before I started chasing after blackmailers, kidnappers, and serial killers through the streets of London as Sherlock’s dogsbody!  I can sodding well decide my own life.  I don’t need it micromanaged for me by the bloody British Government!”
Odd, that.   But perhaps not really all that odd.  He trusted Sherlock implicitly and knew that despite the man’s grumblings and protests to the contrary, he would give John the best care he was capable of providing.
Jo had never really understood the craze of skip diving; apparently it was one hell of a way to find all manner of fascinating items for free.  One man’s trash was another man’s treasure, and all that.  The only thing Jo gained from the experience was 15 stitches to the back of her right calf and a tetanus jab, but then she was diving after an extortionist, not an abandoned PlayStation 2 or coin collection.  An extortionist who – courtesy of the jagged edge of the rusty skip – managed to get away when Joanna sliced her leg open.
“To put it mildly, Doctor Watson.”
She tried again.
Forty minutes later, Sherlock and Joanna were ensconced in their kitchen.  Sherlock had relocated his scientific flotsam and jetsam to other parts of the flat, and they had pulled out the nicer plates and flatware for once.  On the table between them sat a shared a ploughman’s lunch and a small roast beef terrine.  Sherlock nibbled at pieces of ham, bits of pickled onions, and freshly baked bread with butter while sipping a glass of
“So what are you going to do?” Greg refolded the paper and passed it back to Joanna.
been called out to a crime scene.
Joanna curled the leather collar on the table, and refilled each of their glasses with the last of the wine. “Tell me about him,” she said, setting the now empty bottle away from her.
“Hmmm.  I’ll pop into Baker Street.  Who knows – jump out of a cake,” Sherlock said expansively.
It took John dropping Lestrade’s name to prevent her immediate arrest as well as a discreet call from Mycroft to eventually dismiss the ASBO, but Mary grudgingly forgave Sherlock –
“You’re not
Deeming her progress satisfactory, Sherlock returned to his cataloguing and left Joanna to her task.
“You, my love, crawled back into our bed at dawn, lips swollen, tender, bruised from snogging; face and neck raw from beard stubble; finger-sized bruises pressed into your hips and arse.”
Joanna did look exhausted, however. Wisps of long hair had escaped from the usually tidy French braid she wore most days when working in University College Hospital’s A&E, and she hadn’t bothered to change out of the dark blue surgical scrubs, clothing that laid out for Sherlock the narrative of Joanna’s day.
want to know,” Sherlock demanded as he tried to gather the files together again.  He sometimes struggled to follow the insanely irregular path that was Joanna’s thought processes, but he was completely at a loss now.  “Why
From the corner of his eye, he could see the fingers of her right hand that curled around the stem of her wine glass. They had been caressing the narrow stalk, but as he spoke, they stilled.  Unable to look at her, Sherlock toyed with his bread, tearing it into small bits that fell to his plate.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s been a chilly, grey summer, Sherlock.  Even for London. I’m cold all of the time. Can’t seem to get warm no matter how many layers I wear.  I know how much you hate my jumpers, but they come in handy.  Keep me comfortable as well as hide from Mrs H and Greg the fact that I’ve lost nearly a stone.
“Yes,” he agreed.
The detective nodded his assent before demanding of John, “What do you find so amusing?”
“I am
, after all. How old she was Sherlock hadn’t known until Lestrade mentioned it. It hadn’t mattered.   Older, yes.  Perhaps a bit wiser given her exposure to Sherlock and his methods; certainly less of an idiot than she had been even ten months ago.
is the one that
“When the case is done.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and thankfully Sherlock missed the expression.  He had the utmost confidence in his brother’s ability to solve the terrorist plot, but his faith that Sherlock would be able to navigate his way through the complex maze that was going to be his relationship with Joanna Watson was diminishing exponentially.
“That’s what
His mind had not taken him back to the study which housed all Sherlock had learned about financial crimes, however. His mental self instead stood in the conservatory of Joanna’s wing where each plant and flower represented not a unique species of flora, but rather a separate moment or action embodying the myriad ways in which Joanna had brought a degree of peace to Sherlock’s life
“What life?” Sherlock was genuinely astonished. “I’ve been away.”
“The thing, yessss …” Sherlock hedged. Unwilling to admit that he had no idea what Joanna was talking about.
Mycroft kissed Mummy’s proffered cheek, nodded once at his father, then at Lestrade, and walked down the hallway to join the obstetrician at the nurses’ station.
I’ll never forgive you, Sherlock Holmes!
“Yes, the depression, I know,” he said dismissively.
“Why would I do that?”  Sherlock sat in his leather chair, the DI across from him in Joanna’s who was out at the shops assisting Mrs Hudson.  “All the data indicates that Joanna is to a degree uncomfortable the fact that she is getting older.  In spite of her excellent physical condition, her hips and knees are exceedingly stiff when she wakes, requiring an extremely hot shower in order to loosen the joints before she’s able to move with ease.  Her shoulder aches more when the weather is poor.  She has mentioned the possible need for reading glasses ‘sometime soon.’  Symptoms of age that have certainly been exacerbated by the injuries she sustained in Afghanistan …”
“I don’t see where it is any of your business, Sergeant,” Joanna replied, distantly.
it, but now ...  Jo met Sherlock’s anxious gaze and plucked the strings that ran over the fingerboard as she had seen him do countless times. Their atonal sound reflected the tension that had settled in the room.
“I’m afraid you’ll have to be more specific, Lestrade.” Sherlock adjusted the angle of his torch and poked again through the jumbled puzzle of organs at the half-exposed liver, pushing it aside so as to have better access to Mr Soniere’s spleen.
of you – that because John and I are together that I would be what kept you apart.  Do you have any idea how insulting that is?  I don’t care what’s typical, what’s traditional, or what society’s expectations are when it comes to love and relationships.  I
Sherlock took it in his glove-clad one and shook firmly. “
The doctor loosed the fingers of each hand from their death grip on Sherlock’s blue silk dressing gown.  The fabric was a mass of damp creases from his hold.  John rubbed at his eyes, and his shoulders dropped dejectedly at the moisture he found there.  “I … I should be able to h-handle this,” he said after a moment.
lacerations to both wrists.”  Sherlock huffed with frustration as he took the icepack from John’s still fingers and set it on the bed.  He leaned in and started to undo the buttons on John’s striped shirt.
Sorry that I haven’t written for a while, Sherlock. No energy.
“When it compromises the integrity of this murder investigation, it becomes my business.” Donovan tucked her notepad into the pocket of her rain slicker, and from the arch of her brow seemed to be demanding an accounting.
“A good sniff of the residue in each of the three pipes is all it took.  I had it blended specifically for you and contracted with the tobacconist that it should never be sold to anyone else.  I do have more than a passing knowledge about tobacco ash, after all.”
Joanna tucked the evidence bag containing the vial into the inside pocket of her jacket as Constable Chadha informed her about the panda car outside the blue tape that would take Jo to the Yard. She nodded her thanks to the young woman, but as Jo was about pass through to the street, she was stopped by a snippy comment from her left.
Sherlock wondered if there was such a thing as a
Sherlock and Joanna have an epic row, a serial killer is loose in Notting Hill, our heroes eat something other than Chinese, Thai, or curry for lunch, and Lestrade learns a lot of Mycroft.
“Not when you’re thinking loudly enough to raise the dead.”
“I observe and apply,” Sherlock said patiently as he affixed two butterfly plasters to John’s cut and covered the lot with a gauze dressing he taped into place.  Though the answer was obvious, Sherlock was willing to cut John a little slack tonight for he certainly wasn’t himself.  “You’ve been patching me up with some regularity since you moved in.  It stood to reason that sooner or later I might have to do the same for you; I paid attention.  I’m just glad that stitches are not required.”
options. Though she would wish it differently, the simple fact of the matter was that between her emergency surgery and an unexpected pregnancy complicated by morning sickness from hell, she had weeks of recovery ahead of her.  As it stood, she hadn’t even been outside for 30 minutes and already felt her energy flagging.  If she were her own patient, Joanna would advise getting as much help as she could stand.
The doctor was giggling.  He pressed the heels of his palms to his eyes and just giggled.  “Oh, nothing.  Nothing.  Just my life.”  Sherlock snorted his annoyance at the answer.  “So, you mentioned a decision,” John said to Mary when he finally calmed himself.
to me.  I didn’t expect that something like this,” she pulled the phone from her pocket again, “would be your excuse.  That after all we’ve been through together you’d just disappear today of all days.”
, meaning ‘love’.”
“And how
Sherlock’s voice was soothing, hypnotic, and without realizing it, her fingers began to card through the curls on the back of his head.  Sherlock’s narration stopped, and Joanna froze.  Through her fingertips, she could practically feel him weighing his response. He rolled his neck once, pressed back against the flat of her palm in tacit consent to her ministrations, and resumed his recitation.  Joanna smiled.
be the one who put you there,
else.  Why not this?” Her voice was resigned and filled with such sadness that Sherlock flinched at the sound even as she passed him the violin, pressing it into his chest.  His long fingers wrapped around it tenderly as though she had handed him a small child.
; widower; one son; three hamsters and a goldfish.
… you
Tried to leave Baker Street.  That lasted for all of a fortnight.
“Welcome back, Mr Holmes,” she said with genuine warmth.
“Oh,” her blush deepened.  “Umm … good to know.”
As business at 221B boomed, John took fewer locum shifts at the surgery, instead keeping his medical skills honed with twice monthly rotations at University College’s A&E.  Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock texted Mary about their goings on as often as John did, and though it was a busy time at work for Mary as well, she popped by crime scenes when she could.  On the whole, however, she left the pair to the Work.
and noble,” sniped Sherlock with a roll of his eyes.
Joanna was starting to suspect that the circumstances were now anything but normal.
“If you insist that I salute the anniversary of Joanna’s birth, I shall do it
Jo tucked the corner of her pillow back under her neck and settled on her side facing Sherlock, hugging the mountain of blankets to her body.   As he read she found herself drawn in by the expressive nature of his voice.  When he was deducing the actions of a serial killer, expounding upon the results of his latest experiment, or haranguing Anderson about his general incompetence and questionable choice of personal hygiene products, Sherlock’s voice tended toward the dramatic.  This, however, was different.  He read to her in the same way that he spoke to her:  animated and personal without being affected or stagey.  This was the
“Thank you …” Sherlock tugged the collar tips into alignment before turning to his brother, “… blud,” he said sarcastically before swanning off down the hallway.
into his mouth before reaching for the small plate of spare ribs.  It was late, and though the place was open until two a.m., there were only a handful of other patrons scattered thinly through the Chinese restaurant.
Please let me know what you thought about this chapter.  Reviews make for happy, prolific writers.  The more we get, the more (and faster) we tend to write.
And it did.
“Sherlock?”
She had worked a series of double shifts that week to help out an ill colleague, and had one more to go.  It had been two months since she worked in hospital as much as she had done, and though Sherlock knew she was grateful for the increase to her income, he longed for her to finish up so that she could join him on cases again. There hadn’t been many to be sure, hence the cold cases from the Yard to help Sherlock maintain some semblance of sanity until the next serial killer made his presence known, but he had missed his blogger at his side when he
“Nope,” Sherlock replied, popping the ‘p’ with his lips.
Sometimes she really hated technology.
Caught in the tunnel where wind speeds could exceed 190 kilometres per hour, Sherlock’s curls never stood a chance.  He emerged from the lab, his hair a mass of tangles and mats the likes of which Joanna had never seen.
The fiberglass filaments that clung to the edge of her sleeve spoke of two … no three broken limbs – two legs and one arm (compound fracture) – one case of severe food poisoning, judging by the splatter of sick on the toes of her medical clogs; two victims of automobile accidents, one the fatality he saw reflected in her gait; three heart attacks, all resting comfortably; one stroke, also out of danger; and something untoward involving a small rodent, a bottle of personal lubricant, and … Oh.
Sherlock approached the police car at the Westbourne Grove end of the crime scene and saw that the front passenger side was vacant. Joanna had chosen to sit in the back of the car, leaving free the seat that would make Sherlock the least uncomfortable – physically and psychologically – during the 20-minute drive to the Yard.
“Sherlock, I never expected you to show. You think I’ve forgotten what happened the night of Lestrade’s 45
“Doesn’t moving to Sussex just play into Mycroft’s plans?”
If Moriarty wanted to burn the heart out of him, he’d have to get to it first.  Sherlock had been caught unawares once.  It would
A ping from his mobile pulled Sherlock from his thoughts.  Setting the violin back in its case, he pulled the device from his pocket, read the message, and threw the phone against the back of his chair.  He turned his back on the device, strode to his room, and though there was no one in the flat to hear it, slammed the door behind him.
After a particularly acerbic row over the subject of Sherlock’s “sodding incompetent attempts at empathy” – a phrase which Joanna later regretted enough to allow him to fill the fridge with body parts and experiment to his heart’s content for an entire week – they had agreed that nothing would be said when she came home in such a humour unless she specifically brought it up.  “Just be nearby, if you would,” Joanna had asked of him, though. “I’ll work it through, but … yeah, I think it’s good to know that you’re around at the first.”
This chapter was a bit of a struggle to complete.  It went through many variations, and I'm still not certain that it works the way that I really want it to work.  Nonetheless, I hope that you enjoy it.  My thanks to all those who what given me kudos, bookmarked this story, or left comments on the previous chapter.
wound … “
Instead she propped herself up on her elbow, pushed her long hair out of her eyes, and – per Sherlock’s
to get to Sherlock.”
I can’t even maintain an extended metaphor without mixing it all around.  You’re right. I’m shite as a writer.
“Ah … well, Jennifer Pahra continues to improve in hospital.  Lestrade mentioned that she is expected to make a full recovery in spite of losing most of her left ear. Apparently a cousin will keep her antiquities store until she is able to work again, and her daughter is currently staying with other relatives.  All details that I really didn’t need or care to know, but I assured Lestrade that I would tell you. He said you would want to know. So, yes, the case of the PBR Killer has come to a close.”
I miss you so much.
Sherlock chose the former.
Joanna turned from the window and looked at him as she finished his thought, “… sort of happens.”
of them.”
Greg took my Browning.
“Yes.  An extremely rare condition, according to your doctors; as in all things, my dear Doctor, you continue to be the exception to the rule.”
“Just
“Nothing’s right anymore.”  Joanna felt the sorrow well up inside of her again and took a deep breath to steady herself.
Joanna groaned at the sound of Mycroft’s pedantic voice to her right.  She didn’t even try to cover it up as a one of pain.  What was the point?
Let me know what you think after you read this chapter.  Reviews are love!  Constructive criticism is cool, too.  :)
Sherlock watched John climb the stairs to his room, tossed his coat and scarf over the arm of the couch, and picked up his violin.  It was but the work of a few moments for Sherlock to ensure that the strings were appropriately tightened and the bow adequately rosined.  He tucked the violin beneath his chin, and pausing for a moment to select his piece – a modern solo designed to relax the mind and the body and hopefully keep the terrors away – he drew the bow across the strings.
“I never scuttle!”  The detective sounded offended, but shrugged his shoulders dismissively and turned his attention back to the food.  “The GPS on Jennifer Wilson’s phone guided you to me readily enough.” He decided on an egg roll.
“You couldn’t be tiresome if you tried.”  Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock at his own words as if he couldn’t believe that he’d actually said them aloud.  He had been slouching in the chair, swirling the last swallow of his scotch about in the glass, but he pushed himself up in the chair; his back now ramrod straight.  He looked from John to Mary and back to John who gave his younger lover a look that said, ‘
“Don’t worry, my dear.  I’m not about to make it a habit,” Mycroft assured her.
I was sick before we left and again when we got home.
“How so?”
hour?”
Hooking a finger into the loop of Sherlock’s scarf, she tugged gently, loosening it until the flesh beneath was exposed.  Mary slid the fine wool from around his throat, letting it pool into his lap before she pushed back each edge of the open collar of his midnight blue shirt, still never touching.  The evidence before her stood out in stark contrast against the pale skin of his long neck.  “Love bites.  Three of average size; two additional … slightly larger.  I’d wager there are at least four more scattered about here and there.”  She gestured absently at the rest of his torso.
things, that made me wonder if humanity was really worth saving,” John said, his voice toneless.  “T-things that made me question whether or not there was even a God because how could God let such things happen?  But as bad as it got, I never met the Devil face to face …
It was impossible for her to keep her mocking tone at bay any longer.  She had kept close rein on her temper these last days knowing that it wouldn’t do any of them the least bit of good, but it was becoming increasingly difficult not to reach across the table and slap both of them for their idiocy.
Two days later, Sherlock found himself casually surveying the controlled chaos that played out before him. The grunts and screams of combat that echoed off rough concrete and exposed timber walls were punctuated by the slap and thud of flesh connecting with soft tissue and bone. The musty smell of sweat and coppery tang of blood hung heavy in the room despite the large industrial fans that tried to stir the air to freshness.
a soul chose to share its emotions with it.
“Yes,” he said with a slow nod as if just now realising that both circumstances were possible.
“Curious pair.”
It was seamless.
“He wasn’t ‘just’ anything, Sherlock. You loved him.” She gestured at the collar, the evidence of Sherlock’s affection and of the powerful impact the animal still held over him.
our enemies in my dreams.  My weapon gives me some comfort, I guess.
“I do.”
?   You’re uncomfortable in large crowds of people you don’t know or like, and you’re not a big fan of parties.”
“So you finally believe that the baby’s Sherlock’s?”
“Everything okay?  New case?” she asked Sherlock.  Her hair was a damp mess, clinging wildly to her chin and neck. Her skin was flushed and her dark blue eyes bright with exertion just as they were last night as they had pelted through the alleyways of Notting Hill, chasing after their serial killer, Jamison O’Hearn.  Sherlock wasn’t sure why he catalogued all the details about her appearance that he did, but they had their own separate room in the wing of his Mind Palace that classified all things Joanna Watson.
“—Our, Sherlock,
“Not once,” the man said with a smile. He jerked his chin toward the pair Sherlock had been observing.  “Heard all ‘bout you from Doc, though.  Coat alone told me who you were minute you walked in.  Calvin Reese.”  Reese held out his hand.
I visited the John Watson tie-in blog sponsored by the BBC, and was surprised to find out that the events of "The Blind Banker" and "The Great Game" are only a few days apart, so I am going with that timeline.  Additionally, I am using the contents of John's blog to explain how Moriarty abducts Watson in the first place.
He leaned over John’s body to inspect tonight’s damage to the right shoulder.  He palpated the tender skin, though
Occasionally, however, her intense empathy for others, particularly her patients, overwhelmed her.  Sherlock didn’t understand such compassion himself, but he found that he was generally unsettled regarding the toll it could take on Joanna.   Based on the degree to which Joanna’s limp affected her climb up the stairs combined with the lateness of the hour – half midnight already – Sherlock was left with only one conclusion: one of her patients had died today, and Joanna was questioning whether or not she had done all she could to prevent it.
Joanna snorted her derision and smiled, but it was not a smile of appreciation or good humour.  It was tight, strained, and didn’t reach her eyes which were now cold and emotionless.  It was the smile she wore while trying to decide whether to punch or shoot her enemy first.
Sherlock pulled his attention from the file and opened his mouth to launch into a monologue of test results. Perhaps that would distract her.
Sherlock leaned in closer to the table and glanced around the restaurant to ensure that none of the other patrons were close enough to hear what he had to say.  His voice took on that same low, conspiratorial tone that it had had when they were standing together outside the Roland-Kerr Further Education College.  “You did, after all, kill a man tonight to save my life.  I’d say that
The smoking pipe sat, inverted, in the centre of the kitchen table, and the light reflecting off the glass of the test tubes and Erlenmeyer flasks flickered across the irregular surface of the dark, polished, delicately carved piece.
“Says the doctor with a concussion who refused medical treatment at a crime scene despite the fact that he was knocked unconscious for 30 minutes,” Sherlock said, voice dripping with sarcasm.  He reached out one long arm to grab John by the collar of his jacket as the doctor’s balance gave out, yet again, and hauled him carefully yet none too gracefully down the hall and up the 17 steps to their flat.
“Implicitly.”
Pure. Unadulterated. Fleeting.  Welcome.
Mary had seen this coming for weeks now.  She wasn’t a dullard, after all.  Though she would never come close to the keenness of mind that Sherlock possessed, Mary was quite intelligent and exceedingly perceptive in her own right.  Sherlock’s words – more or less – not hers, but really, there was only so much tension a person could take.  John and Sherlock had apparently reached their limits and the proverbial dam had broken.  Now they were all struggling to keep their heads above the water.
“Yes, he will,” his tone was ominous, but Sherlock turned to smile at the doctor.  “But I have a concussed sidekick … a concussed
“Thank you for not denying it,” Mary said after a moment.  “I appreciate that you have that much respect for me and for each other.”
She left the pub without another word.
“ – What about sexuality?”  It was clear this was Sherlock’s principal concern.
, he thought as he guided the elderly couple in to meet Joanna.
“H – how long?” John asked.  His voice sounded rough to his own ears.
“I’ll let you know when I decide,” John said.
“May I watch you sleep?”
She had never looked more beautiful.
He caught her look of discomfort and embarrassment and huffed with irritation. “It was a fair question. It’s true that the violin does hold great value to me, but there is something else.  Something that is, as you said,
“The heavy artillery,” Mycroft said under his breath before greeting the woman with an overly bright “Mummy!” Even Lestrade could tell that Mycroft’s tone lay in that weird junction between the fabricated and the sincere.
have.”
She had let the quiet and the strain go on between the two as long as she could, hopeful that they would work things out themselves, but after three days of John sleeping on the lilo, and Sherlock literally ripping the wallpaper from the walls of 221B because John had taken the Browning and left Sherlock nothing to shoot with, it became clear that they would not … or perhaps
He drove me himself, sat in the waiting room until I was done in session, stood in the lobby while I vomited in the ground floor loo, and then brought me back to Baker Street.   All in all a fabulous outing.
John Watson was speaking, and he would not be ignored.  “And put down that sodding violin.  You’re not going to pluck and sulk.  You’re going to listen to what I have to say, answer any questions I may have, and then we’re going to figure out where we’re going to go from here.”
“Then it’s no longer centred on her situation, thereby allowing her to better focus on the serious issues of her health and in bringing my niece or nephew safely to term.”
“I may have a passing acquaintance with the man,” Sherlock said with a genuine chuckle, tucking his hands into the pockets of his coat.  Reese was mildly interesting – if only because Joanna had deemed him worthy – but he was a genial enough person. “You served with Joanna in Afghanistan.”
“Sherlock?”  Joanna had gripped his shoulders in her hands before running a hand to cup his cheek, shaking him gently.  “Sherlock!” she insisted.
She bit the inside of her bottom lip, took a deep breath, and confessed.  “Meeting you kept me from putting a bullet in my brain that night, Sherlock, and becoming your friend, your colleague, your partner has kept me from ever considering it again.”
“Portobello is one word!
But then, Mycroft was an idiot.
“John, you placed the responsibility of your care into my hands tonight,” Sherlock said softly, his eyes intent on the doctor’s.  “
“From the cabbie or from yourself?”  Sherlock’s eyes snapped to John’s.  The army doctor set his chopsticks on the edge of his plate and leaned back in his chair and stared – unflinchingly – back at the gray eyes that assessed him.  “Potential flatmates should know the
.  He and Sherlock had been in dangerous situations before, and always Sherlock had come out the other side of the adventure buzzing with energy.  While this case, and the way it was resolved, was definitely worthy of a multi-chapter post on the blog, they had been victorious.  It had been dicey, but they had come home safely as they always had done before.  What was different?
The silence in the shop was overwhelming as everyone absorbed the incident.  Crime scene technicians weren’t quite sure where to look, Constable Chadha – who didn’t like the sergeant anyway – was largely successful in hiding her grin, but it finally took Anderson, whose eyebrows looked as if they were ready to take up permanent residence in his hairline, to break the tension.
Mary pressed her small hand gently to the side of John’s neck and worried his earlobe between her thumb and forefinger.  Though she loved him dearly, a not so little part of her delighted by the nervous quiver that shuddered through his muscular frame.  She pitched her voice lower – it was getting late and the pub traffic was picking up beyond the heavy curtains – so only John and Sherlock could hear her. Mary kept her recitation unhurried and languid to ensure that each point she was about to make was fully understood.
“Sherlock,” Jo interrupted.  “The
John woke from his reverie and looked up from the icepack in his hand to the room in which he sat.  His brow furrowed with confusion.  “Sherlock.  Why am I in your bed”
Lestrade had been moderately appalled when Sherlock let slip that he wasn’t attending the party – the DI knew that parties weren’t really Sherlock’s ‘thing’ – but he had been apoplectic when he discovered that Sherlock didn’t even intend to make his excuses let alone send a card.
“What are you reading?” Joanna reached to the bottom of her bed and grabbed the soft throw her grandmother had knitted her years ago.   She nudged him to budge up and wrapped it around his shoulders.  It was bloody cold in her room, after all.
After being knocked around by General Shan and her minions, Joanna's injuries are tended to; Sherlock returns to London.
. Then came the A&E incident. She had only
Joanna grabbed Sherlock’s hand just as he was about to jump from his chair and escape to his room.  She pressed his wine glass into his hand.
“High regard?!”  Donovan shouted.  “That daft bitch bloody near tore my arm out of its socket!”  She rolled her arm and shoulder about in their respective joints in an attempt to soothe the pain Joanna had inflicted.
angry.”
“Sherlock, what do a dead parrot, a mummified corpse, and a ham and cheese sarnie have in common?”
By the sixth take, they had it. Lestrade had finally left Sherlock in peace, and he was able to scuttle off out of the flat before Joanna returned home to get ready for ‘her big night out.’
how that made him feel.
He fought them.
, her eyes said.  She took his other hand in hers.   “Tell me about Redbeard.”
“Option Two:  You return to Baker Street and hire a nurse to move in until you’re past the dangerous part of the pregnancy.”
It was several moments before she spoke again. “But it’s not really intentional, is it?”
Greg tells me that there’s always a point, always a
me, Detective Inspector?”
They chuckled, smiled, and held one another’s gaze for a long while before the companionable moment faded under the expectation of traditional, staid ‘Englishness’.
“But you apologized to
Sherlock gave John a pointed stare before answering.  “Your
“I’m having her arrested.” Donovan unclipped her radio from her belt and brought it to her mouth.  “Constable Simons, take Doctor Watson into custody when she –“
to go through my things, my
The sixth victim was currently slumped over the cash drawer in the main showroom of the shop where Sherlock was doing the same as she. They had been pulled in by the Yard when the fourth victim – Jaina Corben – was found after hours in her fruit and veg stand; Corben had been asphyxiated when a deadly fruit salad of blueberries, blackberries, kiwi fruit, and green grapes had been shoved down her oesophagus. Joanna had avoided the produce section at Tesco’s ever since.  It wasn’t as much of a challenge as it otherwise might have been because she had been ignoring Sherlock’s demands for strawberries in much the same way that she had been ignoring Sherlock altogether.
Sherlock slipped on the latex gloves and dipped a square of gauze dressing into the water.  The solution was warm against John’s skin as Sherlock carefully wiped away the blood from his temple.  He tossed the used square into the bin at his side and grabbed another, and then another repeating the process until the blood was entirely cleansed from John’s head, hair, ear, and cheek.  Sherlock’s ministrations were so gentle that John found his muscles relaxing for the first time since they’d taken on this bloody case.  He closed his eyes and felt himself drifting under the care of his friend.
Hyperemesis Gravidarum is a very serious, and very rare, form of morning sickness.  Those of you living in the UK have heard a lot about it in the last year given that Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge suffered from this condition while pregnant with little George.
he pointed an accusatory finger
“Breadcrumbs, Sherlock,” Mary whispered.
God save her!  The man was worse than a teenaged girl, sometimes.
“It’s probably the baby.”  Joanna shrugged.  She sniffed at the tea again and took a hesitant sip.
I guess writing breaks up the monotony of sleep. Something else to do.
The CCTV camera that had been centred on the patrons queued up for their afternoon cuppa spun slowly to face them. Joanna gave it a quick wave, and then began signing her message.  Greg knew that Joanna was fluent in British Sign Language.  She had studied it in Uni to be able to communicate with deaf patients more easily, and though the Yard had made use of her expertise on more than one occasion, Greg had only a very,
The “but” hung in the air between them. Joanna reached out and took his hand in hers, rubbing her thumb over the back as she had done in the cab the other night.
“Not good when rooming in a bedsit.”  Sherlock took a quick sip of tea to clear his throat, and signaled for the check.  The moment of understanding had passed.
mad bastard’s corrupted her,” scoffed Anderson.  “She’s as bad as – ” Sherlock was at the spiteful man’s side a heartbeat later, glaring down at him with icy grey eyes.
He enjoyed being with Joanna, he concluded as he took another drag on the cigarette, and he didn’t like spending time with
Her pursed lips twitched upward, and Sherlock held his breath.
Mycroft frowned.  “Baker Street?  She isn’t there anymore.”
your underground terror cell, Mycroft.”  He grabbed the black suit jacket that Anthea had brought him. “Just put me back in London. I need to get to know the place again, breathe it in – feel every quiver of its beating heart.”
about each other, after all.”
Outside a windowless conference room at New Scotland Yard, Gregory Lestrade snapped his fingers at the legal council the Federation had provided him, grabbing her attention.  “Emergency call for 221B Baker Street.  Thirty-nine year old female, possible internal bleeding.  Make the call.”  The woman looked at him blankly.  “Now!” he barked and she scrambled for her mobile.
“I disrupted your sleep.  I imagine that you might find it initially awkward returning to it with me in the room.  I could read aloud if you think it would help.”
“Moriarty will still be there tomorrow,” John said, hoping to convince the man to rest.  It had been a hellish night for both of them.
The depth of the relationship between Sherlock and his blogger had not yet evolved into what Sherlock would eventually spend nearly two and a half years working to protect; he had recently felt a growing awareness for Joanna’s happiness, had become more cognizant of her needs, but Sherlock had been neither yet comfortable with nor practised in tying his actions to his, or her, emotions.
“Where’s what?”  Mycroft asked.
My thanks again to the transcript work of Ariane DeVere, and I'd like to give a special shout out to AtlinMerrick who let me run with an idea I had waiting in the wings that by pure happenstance appeared in one of her own fics.  Thank you, kindly, milady.
Sherlock didn’t answer him. Though the detective was still mostly a mystery – John
There, standing atop London, Sherlock had allowed his mind wander back to the topic of Joanna Watson.  His flat mate.  His … friend?
Mary leaned back in her chair, and studied the two men across from her.  Frustration, shame, anger, and dread radiated out in varying degrees of intensity depending on the man, but it was their guilt, so palpable it nearly choked her, that assaulted her heart.  It weighed on each of them like the thick snows of an avalanche she had witnessed in the Alps years ago: heavy, cold, suffocating … deadly.
“Unless you need me here, I’ll head over to the Yard so the IT boffins can pull the data from the chip.  I’ll sort through the allusions to see if anything new pops up that might get us closer to finding this bastard.”
“I meant what I said to Donovan. You are the best friend I have ever had.”
, Sherlock!  You needed ‘one more sample,’” her fingers twitched the inverted commas over her head, “to complete the test, but couldn’t be arsed to go out and find another one on your own?”
I’m sure that it goes without saying, but in case it doesn’t, I’m saying it.
Sherlock smiled with delight, slipping his arms into the sleeves as the PA lifted it onto his shoulders, collar popped and at the ready.
Sherlock had pulled a cigarette from the packet in his pocket, lit it, and drew a long stream of smoke into his lungs. He held it for a long moment, letting this nicotine seep into his bloodstream before exhaling slowly.
“I think that’s the most you’ve ever said to me without making mention of a dead body, an experiment, or your brother.” Her smile was incandescent; Sherlock felt the warmth of it and smiled shyly.
The harmony had shattered four days ago.  Though he had sent off a quick text at half eleven to let Mary know he was alive, John nevertheless returned home so late that the eastern horizon of the isle was stained pink.  He had ignored all of Mary’s queries then and since, and rarely left the small study, not even to sleep.  According to Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock had grown increasingly taciturn and sullen, growling at everyone and everything, eventually slamming the door in the landlady’s face and locking it with a pointed “click.”  Three days ago, Mary had watched with horrified amazement as Lestrade had been forced to throw the pair off the crime scene of a suspicious drowning.  “Won’t talk to each other!  Won’t even bloody well
She made me say it.  I didn’t want to say it.
Joanna cut her off with a wave of her hand. “No.  I want details, not vague generalities.  How
gym that had been tucked away in a renovated series of shops off Devonshire Close.  It was clear from their form and lack of fluidity that all but one of the pairs were novices with little more than a month’s training behind them. The sixth pair was of moderate skill, but of the two, only the woman – 22 years old, single, nursing student, surgically corrected scoliosis at age 13, lactose intolerant – would likely continue in the sport beyond the end of the year.
“She’s been your bloody flat mate for nearly 10 months. You let her into your life in a way I’ve never seen you do before, and you’re all the better for it, but you’ll never get anywhere else if you don’t at least try, mate.  In fact, if you’re not bloody well careful, you might lose her altogether.  Look, Jo didn’t tell me much, and what she did isn’t mine to share, but I know that she means a lot to you.  Surely Jo’s worth the anxiety, yeah?”
Suspended Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade strode confidently through the hallways of UCH, nodding the occasional hello to the nurses and orderlies he had met over the course of the last week.   He approached a ward of private rooms and smiled at the sight of the tall, ginger-haired man who stood outside Joanna Watson’s room.
I hope that you found this chapter worth the wait.
“Still angry with him, then?  Oi!  Now who’s giving a look?”
“Granda blended his own.  How did you …”
Joanna was infinitely frustrating in that she didn’t use her mind to its fullest potential, yet she was a source of illumination for him and for The Work.  She irritated him every time she forced him to eat or sleep but was advantageous to his thinking process when either bogged him down.  It galled him that in less than a year she was able to read him far better than even Mycroft could, but though he didn’t always understand it, Sherlock admired the innate kindness she showed to her patients, to her friends, and even to him. Joanna was cheeky and brazen when it was called for yet always sympathetic to victims and their families.  Irksome when – well sometimes the woman was just plain tedious! She was serious and introspective when warranted; persistent and quietly lethal to those that threatened those she cared about – primarily Sherlock who was still at a loss as to how he of all people had managed to earn Joanna’s faithfulness and devotion so completely and struggled to find a way to express to her that the … sentiment was more than reciprocated.
feel or what I think.  You automatically assumed –
“It’s eerie, is what it is.  Effective, but bloody well unsettling.  Oi!  You!  Anderson, leave off.  Let Holmes at the body, and you go collect …” Mary watched with a smile as the DI rushed off to keep the peace at his crime scene.
“Detective Inspector, there was never any doubt of it in my mind.  Even before their relationship dipped toward the romantic, Dr Watson has always been singularly loyal to Sherlock.”
The room was in complete disarray.  The crates of books had been up-ended; the contents of John’s desk – including his laptop – had been knocked to the floor, cushions ripped up from the chairs and the sofa.
I hate Mycroft for betraying you. I hate Mycroft for telling me truth about his involvement with Moriarty only once it was too late to do anything to help you.  I hate that Mycroft made me question myself for so long that I couldn’t see what he had done to you until there was nothing –
Then John and Sherlock – standing together so closely that she couldn’t tell where John’s black leather coat ended and the great Belstaff began – smiled at one another as the taller man finished rattling off his deductions about the scene for the Yarders.
for the way things turn out as they do.  He’s become quite the philosopher since your death.  He loved you so much, you know.  Don’t scoff. He did.  He does.  I think you love him, too.  He saved you long before you saved me.  I’m grateful for that. So are you.
you called us in. Nine days ago to be precise.” Sherlock grasped a piece of lower intestine with his forceps and shone the torch light on it from beneath.  Still nothing
“And just where will I be?”  John’s voice had taken on a decidedly withered tone.  He had a sinking feeling that he knew
John nodded, closed his eyes, and leaned back further against Sherlock’s chest.
“Deliberately hurt you, love.”
untrained.  Yes, the Black Lotus had clearly searched the room for the Empress pin, but it had been a cursory search at best.  There were darker, subtler signs that something far more troubling had taken place here.  The crooked pictures on the wall to his right, the overturned desk chair, the scuff marks on the corner of the coffee table in front of the sofa, three fresh gouges – from fingernails? – scraped through the old paint of the door casing.  All signs of a struggle.
“I thought you were in the middle of a big experiment for the Disappearing Corpse case.”  When last she had seen him, Sherlock had been fully engrossed with small strips of hardwood, dozens of test tubes, and a flask full of sulphuric acid.
Donovan gaped, her open mouth undulating like a fish struggling to pull a breath from the air rather than the water.
“It’s about celebrating
Joanna’s eyes darted to Greg’s, and he couldn’t help but laugh at the look of shock on her face.  “Even if you take the baby out of the equation – which is a pretty hard thing to take out of this
, she thought with a sigh.
, let me do the job you charged me with.”
“Not sleeping, then?”
“Mike?”  Lestrade shot Mycroft a pointed glance.
going to haul you up another two flights of stairs,” he muttered by way of explanation as he set down three towels and a bowl of water on the bedside table.  He then dropped John’s medical bag on the bed and began pulling out various items from its depths:  gauze dressings, surgical tape and cotton, scissors, a compression bandage, a few plasters, antibiotic ointment, latex gloves.  He took a small bottle of antiseptic solution and poured a measure of the liquid into the bowl of water.
Dear God, for a man who had seemingly little interest in anything sexual, Sherlock kissed like he was born to it. Joanna groaned against his lips and began her own quest.  Neither one dominating but each insistent about the answers they sought.  Ignoring all previous evidence to the contrary, Joanna pushed aside her initial hesitance and accepted that this was where Sherlock and she had been heading since that first night when she had killed a cabbie to save a man she barely knew; a man who had ignited in her a passion for life that had nearly burnt out until the moment they met in the lab at Bart’s.
Oh. That. “I needed one more sample to complete the test.” Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. Explanation complete.
“Seating seems to be at a bit of a premium right now,” Sherlock said dryly.  He pulled the two strips of blue and white tape from the doorway and tossed them to the floor.  Dimmock’s people had been at 221B while Sarah, John, and Sherlock were giving their reports and filling out paperwork at the tramway tunnel, but the police only processed crime scenes; they didn’t actually clean them up.
, Sherlock.  What happened?”
“Then you’re not expecting to form an intimate relationship with me,” Sherlock asked.
Disclaimers:  I don't own Sherlock, but I sure wish that I did.
of them expected. “You’re pregnant, Jo.”
From the set of his lips and the way in which he crossed his arms, John Watson did not fully believe Sherlock’s earlier assertion that he had no intention of taking the cabbie’s poison pill.  Truthfully, Sherlock wasn’t so certain himself.
“That’s the soldier talking,” Sherlock admonished.  He relaxed his grip around John’s chest but did not let go of him altogether.  “What does the
, you sodding arse!” Joanna ripped the pipe from his hand and all but shoved it back in his face a second later.  “This is the
“Just get on with it,” he interrupted, fluttering his hand in irritation.  They had been through this half a dozen times in the last sixty minutes, yet the argument had become moot in the first five.  “I shouldn’t notice any discomfort in my mind palace. I need to categorize all the data from the case anyway.”
“With my deductions leading to the apprehension of the criminal?”  The question in Sherlock’s tone wasn’t so much a query as it was a wearied statement of what he considered to be an obvious conclusion.  “To date, yes.”  He poured hot tea into the small china cup that sat next to his plate and took a sip.
The detective clenched his hand into a fist where it hovered over the surface of the bloodied water.  Then he sighed and dropped his arm.  His fingers tangled briefly with John’s as the doctor’s hand slid off the silk sleeve and dropped along with Sherlock’s hand.
“More than. ..”  Sherlock coughed to clear his throat that was suddenly quite dry. “More than most,” he admitted at last.
“And your birthday …” The pieces were coming together for Sherlock, but something still eluded him.  Damn sentiment.
again. How do you expect me to do that without the one person who has been directly responsible for helping me rebuild that life?  When the one person I have come to love and care about most in the world has hidden himself away at the top of the bloody city?”
“I’m your best …”
All of this Sherlock assessed in the span 17.4 seconds before dismissing it from his mind.  He was far more interested in the small, single fighter in the centre of the room skilfully fending off her trio of attackers.  The first two were dispatched in short order with a series of rapid fire cross and jab punches each of which were followed up with quick elbow strikes to the face.  Finally realising how outmatched they were, the two younger attackers bowed out as the third – a tree of a man with more muscles than mental acuity – struck from behind, knocking the legs out from under his victim who leapt up and spun away just in time to evade what would have been a vicious foot thrust to the abdomen. The foes launched themselves at one another, grasping and grappling at one another until the smaller of the two grabbed the other in a low clinch before spinning beneath and behind the him and executing a solid roundhouse kick to her opponent’s back.  The pair were evenly matched in spite of the size difference, and were dancing in close to one another again –
“Yes?” Joanna asked.
She fell back to sleep thinking of bees, a voice like warm honey, and thick curls softer than cashmere.
I can hide where he won’t find me?” John’s voice had lost its hard edge, and he leaned forward in earnest, his eyes dark with the passion of his beliefs.
“Inexcusable.  Absolutely inexcusable!”
If Greg Lestrade said anything else, Joanna never heard it.
John sighed.  Toeing off his shoes, he lay down gingerly on the luxurious duvet beneath him. As he sank into the comfortable mattress, his worry about his friend dissipated under the weight of his exhaustion and his injuries.
She nodded her appreciation for his candour and turned her attention to John.  “Now the corroborating evidence.”
“Oh come now, John.  Don’t be thick.  Even you are familiar with the meanings of basic roots:  poly, meaning ‘many;’
have done because I know that it’s precious to
I hate …
“Shame that I popped by the crime scene that next morning and was able to see them,” she continued.  “You were desperate for me not to see your tells, though, weren’t you.   Why?  Why desperate?  You have claimed a hundred times over that it’s not in your nature to be polite; however, not once in all these months have you failed to be anything
“Will ye be needin’ anything else, lass?”
Though it was a rare sunny day for mid-September, there was a bit of a chill in the air, so Greg had bought them each something hot to drink from the vendor outside the park.  He’d also bundled Jo up in Sherlock’s coat – one of fallen detective’s many that Joanna had asked for from Baker Street when she was finally lucid enough to want some things from the flat – and tucked a blanket over her lap to keep her warm.
“That it has.”  Sherlock’s meaning lay heavy between them.
Joanna’s eyes shot open and fixed on Mycroft’s haughty smile.  If the heart monitor had still been beeping its report aloud, it would likely have indicated a flat line.
“The two of you belong with one another,” she continued, “… belong
Jamie waved her off with a knowing grin and turned his attention to the man with the lighter hair.  “
But would it be hot or cold?  Joanna took a quick glance at the mirror above the fireplace, and smiled at the thoroughly snogged reflection that looked back at her. Her arousal surged at the memory of Sherlock’s mouth on hers, pooling low in her belly.
“Fine,” Jo said, peevishly. No way was she going to risk a repeat performance.  Not tonight. She was too damn tired.
Permitting himself one last glance at the city beyond 55 Whitehall, Sherlock turned from familiar skyline and took the stairs down to the street.  He had an appointment in the Marylebone Road, and it wouldn’t do to be late.
The two weeks immediately following Sherlock’s return to London had been tension-filled and strained as the consulting detective and his blogger learned to re-establish their relationship after years of separation and aching sentiment.  Mary’s presence in John’s life was an added complication to the closeness that had existed before, but she had quickly come to genuinely like Sherlock Holmes.  Fourteen months of listening to John’s stories about his dead friend had left her more than prepared for the younger man’s mood swings, insults, and intensity.  Additional prodding from Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and even Greg Lestrade ensured that the pair spent more and more time together, but what it ultimately took was the buzz of a text message summoning John to his first crime scene in two years.
John pressed his face into his hands for a moment and rubbed at his eyes.  “No.  No, I won’t insult either of you by denying that,” John admitted.  “So, what happens next?”  He pulled his chair closer to Mary; Sherlock stood behind him, gripping one of the decorative finials of the chair back.
Mary’s eyes jumped to his, and she tried to suppress the spurt of laughter that escaped her lips at the look of incredulity on John’s face, but she simply couldn’t. “What?  You think you’re the only one who sees the man behind the legend?  I find Sherlock funny, brilliant, far more feeling than he would ever lay claim to –“ she ignored Sherlock’s snort of derision – “He’s gorgeous, I could listen to him speak for hours, and – Yes, all right, I fancy him!  That shouldn’t be too hard a thing for
, Jo.  No one could hope to compete with Sherlock, and more tried than you realise.  And as far as
Like all good State-educated schoolboys, he knew how to swear in a variety of languages, including BSL, but other than the alphabet and a few other simple words, that was pretty much the limit of the DI’s vocabulary.  He did, however, know all about tone, and from the way she was signing, Joanna’s was dripping with sarcasm.
,” Sherlock interrupted.
The duo had continued to work regularly enough for The Yard that Mary suggested to Lestrade late one night at a triple homicide that a consulting fee might finally be in order.  Sherlock may be driven by the thrill of the chase, but there were still bills to pay.  To top it off, rising from the dead was apparently an excellent – although completely unintended – marketing scheme; Sherlock and John were ever more in demand from private,
“So this is the ‘thing’ that was so important,” she had said quietly, scanning through the various screens until she found what she was looking for.
Right to the very end.
Joanna climbed the stairs to her room and quickly changed out of the inexpensive button down and khakis she had picked up at Oxfam when she decided she would be out of Baker Street long enough to warrant a couple of changes of clothes and pulled on her favourite blue jumper and most comfortable pair of denims.  She slipped her Browning into the holster that clipped to the inside of her jeans at the small of her back and tugged the jumper over it.  A minute later she was out the door, locking it behind her as she left. After a brief stop at Speedy’s to get Sherlock something to eat – arsehole or not, his transport needed refuelling – she hailed a cab.  Once on her way to Portobello Road, Joanna pulled out her mobile
“On it, sir,” crackled the reply.
life.” He leaned heavily against the edge of the table and searched Mary’s eyes.  “Are you serious?”  Her head cocked again. “Right. Of course you’re serious.  I get it,” he said.  “Just point that eyebrow someplace else, would you?”
one – “ Greg interjected, but Joanna didn’t seem to hear him.
She had made love to
“You don’t cosset me.  The doctors and nurses act like I’m something fragile, as though I’ll fly apart right in front of them.  Makes me feel rather stupid … weak.”
“Which is why I have been making necessary arrangements.”
Good question.
Thank you, though.  I’m sorry that I never said that before.
Joanna started as though he had physically struck her with his sarcasm.  She sat up on the bed, already reaching for the bastard, but Greg’s firm grasp and a sudden surge of pain in her abdomen stayed her.
“I felt it was the better part of wisdom to avoid bearding the beast in her den for the time being,” said Mycroft. He tapped his umbrella on the floor for a shade of emphasis.
“You didn’t give him the rest of Doctor Watson’s file,” Anthea said after Sherlock rounded the corner, out of earshot. She indicated the pile of folders on Mycroft’s desk.
“And as such you cannot treat yourself for a concussion and a bleeding head injury which is why you
Three hours later, she was done. Joanna pressed the edges of the bath towel to Sherlock’s scalp, absorbing the remaining solution before pulling a fine-toothed comb through his dark locks, searching for any tangles she may have missed.  There were none. She folded the towel and stacked the combs and picks she had used on top of the coffee table.
“Then why did you –“
Though Mary’s understanding of Sherlock before he fell came solely from the stories that John and the others had shared with her, Mrs. Hudson was quick to point out how much Sherlock’s years away had changed him.  Oh, he was still an atomic bomb of rude, impossibly brilliant frenetic energy that could go off at any moment, but those moments were fewer and farther between than they had been. Sherlock was more patient, she had said.  More considerate.  Especially of John.
“Our actions have been – “
.  You want to learn about
Harry stopped by today.  He brought me a large bottle of 21-year-old Macallan. Typical Harry.
a bloody wanker.”  He looked at Sherlock from between his fingers.  “
The digital sound of the lift arriving drew Lestrade’s attention down the hall.  An older couple exited the car, and the woman, her long, grey hair swept up in a loose chignon, looked this way then that.  Spying Mycroft, she waved her hand briefly before striding purposefully down the corridor toward them.  Her husband – ‘
“You know them?”  Greg asked, rising from his chair.
“So, bodyguard then,” John interrupted.  “Clearly someone’s got to watch out for you.”
Though she had never shied away from touching him, in the weeks since her birthday Joanna seemed to find an increasing number of reasons to reach out to him.  Initially, Sherlock had been startled and a bit confused by her actions, but was unable and unwilling to complain about them.  Eventually, he even found himself seeking out her touch of his own volition.
“No. You
Far from Baker Street and the Yard as well as University College and their flat, The Lab was neutral territory.  Well, as far as John and Sherlock were concerned, it was.  It wasn’t Switzerland by any means, but it would suffice.
“The day we met …” Joanna had stopped to figure out how best to phrase what she wanted to tell him.  Sherlock saw how the shame had deepened in her eyes. Clearly whatever she wanted to say made her feel weak.  Odds were that she was about to share with him something few people, if any, knew.  “I had already put most of my affairs in order, yeah?  There wasn’t much, to do, actually.  It’s not like I had a lot of possessions or people in my life that would have noticed. At least that’s what I thought at the time.  Updated my will to leave my effects and pension to Bill.”  Joanna’s voice had become monotonous, lost all emphasis. “Letter for Harry, not that he really deserved one, but figured he’d tell our Da … Was on my way back to that awful bedsit when I decided to take a detour through the park, and I ran into Mike.”
At least he’s not cheap.
Up Next:  Missing scenes for "The Great Game."  Though not for a few days, yet.  :)
Sherlock had spun from his musings, nearly over balancing in the process; his natural grace abandoned him in his surprise, and he had teetered on one leg for a long moment before righting himself, attempting to hide the cigarette behind his back.
“Consensual, ethical, responsible …” Sherlock mused.  “I will admit there’s a certain … elegance to the idea of non-monogamy.”
“Right,” John said, looking down at the ground.  He picked up a few of the blankets that pooled on the floor between them.  “I’m … going to bed, then.  Take some more paracetamol and up to the icebox, I go.”
Joanna pulled off the plastic lid of her cup and sniffed.  “It’s
“Why?!”  She tossed the pipe in his lap.  He picked it up and fingered the gouges he had left in the wood.
“The dear doctor has a wealth of talents.”
The days she had been gone had been hellish. She had missed Sherlock more than she ever expected.  Joanna had come to need his sulking, his madness, his genius, and his child-like naiveté like she needed a roof over her head and a cup of hot tea in her hand. Sherlock was home, and comfort, and belonging, and all the things Joanna feared she’d never know again after she was shot and left an invalid, adrift without direction or purpose.
“Then I … I don’t understand.” Sherlock still hated those words. Still hated not knowing.
Joanna lowered her head for a moment to collect herself then raised it again to meet his gaze.  The words that she said next had come in such a rapid stream that Sherlock got the impression she might break apart if she had to think about them too long.
reporting to Mycroft, the recordings only reinforce Greg’s account.
Can you see me, Sherlock?
“One helluva cold case,” she muttered, gauging the size of the paper storm that had enveloped the flat.  She picked up a crime scene photo of a dead parrot in walk-in cage that lay atop the coffee table.  She could see another photo of a desiccated human corpse crumpled in a foetal position next to a park bench on top of the table that served as Sherlock and Joanna’s shared desk, and sitting on the seat of her desk chair a third picture of – what the hell?
Sherlock removed his hand from hers and waited for Joanna to open her fist.  When she did, she found a thin, brown leather collar, well-worn with age and use. It had a silver buckle and a small D-ring to which was attached an identification disk.   On the side of the disk facing upward were written the words “If found please contact” and below that phrase, a phone number.   She flipped the tag over. On it was etched only one word, a name.
“Choose your next words carefully, Anderson. I care not a whit what you say about or to me, but think twice before you malign Joanna Watson’s qualifications or skills for though they come nowhere near to the level of my own, they exceed yours a hundred fold.”
an idiot!” John complained as he stumbled out of the cab behind Sherlock.  He rummaged around in his pockets for the keys to their flat, but Sherlock was already unlocking the door and crossing the threshold before John even remembered that when last he left the flat, he hadn’t been afforded the chance to grab his keys.
It wasn’t the utter destruction of the kitchen that stopped Joanna cold.  That was par for the course with every experiment Sherlock ran.  It had taken the better part of six months and countless rows, but Joanna had finally convinced him that if she ever had to clean up another one of his tests, she would do so completely heedless of the results he may have generated in the process.  Sherlock had become
“Gregory, I have spent the better part of the last 30 years being the target of my brother’s distain and vitriolic attacks because it provided him with an outlet – a target, as it were – for the more frustrating and confusing aspects of his emotions, leaving Sherlock’s mind free to focus on the critical issues of his life and his work.  Though I was not always successful in my endeavours, I nonetheless became quite a master of the task.”
She was slow to truly anger, but when she had reached her limit, Joanna’s explosion of temper was lengthy and fearsome.   Her stubborn streak rivalled Sherlock’s own, and had once sent Mycroft from the flat muttering under his breath and clenching the handle of his brolly in frustration. Something that Sherlock had never managed to do, not even in his teens.  Sherlock found it to be one of Joanna’s more admirable qualities, so long as it wasn’t directed at him.
“— Open communication hasn’t always been my –
Sherlock saw John’s jaw clench tightly and a flash of panic spark in his eyes before he spun away.  The doctor grabbed at the edge of the desk for balance, though whether that need for stability was physical or psychological was open for debate. John gripped the top so tightly that Sherlock heard the wooden joints creak in protest, but for that, the only sound in the flat was that of the ragged, shallow breathing of a man who refused to capitulate to fear. Again in control of himself, John walked to the window, pushed aside one of the loose boards with a finger, and peered out into the quiet, cold night
colleagues.  If fact, John Watson was the first person to whom he had ever applied that label.  This simple army doctor.  No.  Not simple.  Simple suggested commonplace, and Sherlock had known from the moment he had walked into the lab at St. Bart’s that John Watson was anything but commonplace.  The question was why?  The doctor’s intellect was above that of Lestrade’s minions, but certainly nothing to equal his own.  What was it about this man that left Sherlock wanting to learn more?  Hear more?
“Just a sodding second, Sherlock!”  John demanded, sitting up straighter in the chair.  Once again, Sherlock had held the majority of the conversation inside his own head and had skipped sharing it with those who were coming late to the party.  “What are you blathering on about?
Mycroft watched his brother’s eyes grow fond as he studied the photos, and though Mycroft would never admit it, his own throat grew somewhat tight as he observed Sherlock.  So much had happened.  So much had changed.
That word got her attention, and she popped her head above the covers, wincing as one of the plasters on her forehead caught on the sheet. “What
the conversations and rows we’ve had about my
“She’s thirty-eight, Sherlock, not eighty. And I’d remind you that it was a year that brought her into your life to begin with, you git. Something I thank God for every time you set foot on a crime scene.” Lestrade ignored Sherlock’s glare. “The least you could do is acknowledge it.  A card seems –“
“Sergeant Donovan.”  Joanna greeted the irritable investigator with as much affability as she could manage, which for once was quite little – Jo was usually sociable after all – but the other woman failed to hear the tightness in the greeting, and instead seemed to take it as permission to continue speaking.
A slight grin tugged at the corner of John’s mouth at Sherlock’s sarcasm, but he refused to take the bait.  Too much needed to be said.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow in silent query.
She and Lestrade joined one another for pints at his local when they could, and over the months had become good friends. She liked him. He was funny and told brilliant stories, but she also found Greg to be a thoughtful listener and a fabulous sounding board for all things Sherlock or not.
The look she gave him told Greg all he needed to know what Joanna thought about that idea.  It was exactly as he had told Mycroft the day before.
Sherlock had been euphoric over the fact that he had decoded the cipher.  So much so that he failed to notice the blood on the front stoop, the abandoned place settings on the kitchen table, the –
“The hell?”  Greg ran his hand through his greying hair and leaned in closely to Sherlock to whisper harshly in his ear.  “Fine. You want specifics? Try these on. You two work separately. You two arrive at crime scenes, again, separately.  Joanna hardly speaks to you, and when she does, she’s barely able to keep it civil which then causes you to look like a puppy that’s been kicked in the arse one too many times.” Sherlock glanced at the DI, unconcealed exasperation in his eyes at being compared to a puppy, but quickly resumed his examination.  “It’s been going on since I brought you on the case, yet neither of you seem willing to relent. I’ve never known either of you to hold a grudge against the other for more than a day, so I ask again, what is going on with you two?”
“I’ve disappointed you,” Sherlock said, not for the first time.
Joanna swallowed tightly and turned the pipe over in her hands.  Sure enough, the lip of the bowl opposite the filter bore the same deep shaving marks as did all of Sherlock’s other samples, and virgin briarwood – untouched by stain or ash or time – winked at her under the harsh florescent lights.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
definitely factors into your role as my companion, colleague, associate, partner, or whatever it is you’d like to term yourself.”
“You refuse treatment all the time,” John pointed out, clawing at the bannister for balance as they made the turn onto the second flight.  So as not to disturb Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock had forgone the light in the foyer, and with flat above dark as well, the staircase was much blacker than usual.  To top if off, John’s vision was starting to blur a bit, and even with Sherlock’s help, he feared taking a tumble.
at each other.  Get out of here before you bollocks things up completely!”
to wake every two hours.  Just don’t bleed all over my pillow again.”
Joanna turned the power off, tucked the hair trimmer into the back pocket of her jeans and pulled the hem of her jumper over it. “Sherlock Holmes, you are absolutely
conversation shouldn’t be held at a crime scene of all places, but there seemed to be nothing for it.
“Let’s just set all that on the back of the hob for the time being, shall we?”
Sherlock’s head spun to face the man he was practically carrying up the stairs now.  “
Sorry that I’m swearing so much. I know you hate that about me. You said that dust was eloquent, but you are even more so.  Always. I’d blame it on my inner soldier, but I just don’t give a ruddy shite right now.  Ooops!  Sorry.
“Before what?”
equation – it was obvious from early days that you were both done as far as anyone else was concerned.  You just
“Six,” Sherlock confirmed.
hated the iceberg metaphor, but it was damned accurate in this case – he determined from the subtle expressions that flashed across Sherlock’s face in the half-light of the room that he wasn’t being ignored. No.  Sherlock was wrestling with something.  Something he wasn’t sure how to express, which meant it was probably emotional in nature.  Sherlock rarely had difficulty expressing anything else, after all.
“You’re allowed, luv,” he said.
Sherlock shifted awkwardly and took a deep breath to steel himself.
“Everything’s set to rights, Sherlock,” Joanna whispered in his ear.  She knew nothing would pull him from his mind palace until he was ready to emerge on his own, but she hoped that the message would seep in anyway.
Joanna chuckled and gestured to her mobile that sat on the table next to her hand.  “I have about 50 text messages that would say otherwise, Mr Holmes. Besides, I saw the look on your face when I walked into the Corben crime scene, and we both know what it was.”
He’s still suspended, but Greg called in a favour at the Yard for bloody sniffer dogs to be brought in for a drugs bust. Not Donovan and Anderson thank God. I think he knew that I wouldn’t have been able to control myself in that event.  Publically offing a pair of coppers no matter how vile they are is just a bit not good, I guess.
“Mary, love, I’m so sorry, I didn’t – “
apparently am.
“That depends entirely upon on the two of you,” Mary said.  Her voice was stronger now, almost affectionate.  “You’re going to have to come to a decision.”
“They’re lovely people.”
“Took longer than I thought it would for the blush to come off the rose, but based on your behaviour the last few days, it seems that the true Sherlock has finally shown his spots.”  Donovan crossed her arms over her chest as she always did when she was about to deliver a lecture that was completely intrusive and unwarranted.
Anderson tried to take a step backwards, to move out of the range of Sherlock’s acid tongue, but found he was already pressed up again the wall.
"In the two months since Sherlock’s death you’ve lost nearly 8 per cent of your body weight.  You stand five foot four inches yet your weight is barely seven stone. You suffer from a severe electrolyte imbalance resulting in skeletal muscle weakness, headaches, confusion, and even cardiac arrhythmias.  How you managed to avoid seizing altogether is something your physicians can’t even begin to understand.  You’ve nearly exhausted your Vitamin B reserves, but thankfully there’s no evidence of lesions along your central nervous system.  Thiamine supplementation and electrolyte replacement therapy have already begun,” Mycroft said, indicating the numerous bags of fluid dripping into her central line.  “Your oesophagus is seriously abraded.  You are anaemic, and the cramping and twitching in your muscles are not the result of your experience in Afghanistan but of peripheral neuropathy.  You are, to use the vernacular, a proper
issue tonight.  “She loved shooting.  Learned it from
“You’re lucky Jo didn’t break your nose. I’ve never seen anyone move that quickly, let alone someone hooked up to a mass of IV lines.”
Dead man.
John tried to scramble across the floor, desperate to be free, but with each twist and lunge he made, the arms held him tighter, more securely, and would not let him go.
Joanna’s first night out of the flat after what she was referring to in her mind as “The Row” was spent at work where she kipped in a seldom-used doctor’s lounge off the neurosciences lab after quick nibble in the after-hours canteen and an even quicker wash in the doctors’ changing room.   She rarely made use of the facilities accorded her at UCH, figuring that her part-time status really wasn’t enough to warrant it, but that night she was able to justify it to herself with the idea that her next shift started in eight hours anyway, and with the doubles she had been pulling, no one was likely to take issue.
No one except Sherlock Holmes, that is.
Sadly, he hadn’t reached that point with his current one, yet.  Idly, Joanna wondered if it would have mattered if he had.
“Just do it.  I’m not overly attached to it anyway,” John said.
telling, that.”
one another; always have done even though you couldn’t admit it.  What I’m so angry about is that you never gave me the chance to tell you how
“There’s one more thing you should remember …” Joanna finished.  Before Donovan could ask the question, Jo had spun her arm out of the police sergeant’s grip, forced Sally’s hand and arm up behind her back, and drove her face-first into the wall next to the front door.
Sherlock Holmes was unpredictable and erratic, brilliant and maddening, odd and, quite simply, a major pain in the arse.  John had no idea why he had decided to trust Sherlock Holmes of all people, but one look into those steady eyes told him that he could trust the man – with his very life if need be.
