“Let’s not get frostbite anywhere,” Castiel says a bit more soberly.
“Yes. For my notes. You know.” There’s a tentative tone in his voice, perhaps even a little defensive, and Dean falls over himself to prove that he’s not Michael ‘The Ass’ Novak.
goes the hammer, shooting in the nail. Cas doesn’t pick up a new one, just hammers again until Dean, on the other side, sees the wood dent.
“Yeah, did she suddenly appear in your kitchen? Open the oven and there she was? Or did you see where she snuck in from.”
“The weather is always good.”
But Cas is no longer the omega he was a year ago, nor is he easily mastered even by his own emotions. The half step he lost, he makes up for, surging forward in cold controlled anger, righteous and condemning like an angel of judgment: “Unforgivable! Unforgivable, Luke! You took- you took what we learned together, our research, our history - and you did
the princes are dead, but that may be idle hope. One of them must be behind this-”
put me on my ass. You… Bloody hell. Look, I… I don’t see you-... You’re my best friend, okay? But this… I don’t really feel that way-... “ Dean’s start-and-stop sentences are abruptly tossed aside as the hunter straightens. He shakes off Castiel’s grip and makes a cutting gesture with his hand. “Look, nothing’s going to happen. That’s just not in the cards. Got it?”
Castiel looked up swiftly.
“Chinese is a difficult language for the non-initiated. Oh, this next part is also very good.” Castiel looked down at Sam and there was that ghost of a small smile on his face that made Dean’s fingers grip the tea cup harder. “I don’t think I agree with all of it, Decree 80.43 is very hard to get to grips with-” he interrupted himself when he saw Dean.
There’s a lot of hard moments. The little tyrant has four adults on rolling shifts around him and abuses that. Charlie’s fast asleep at 4pm because of a tough one last night.
Charlie surfed the internet and said that not showing more at this stage was ‘odd’.
“What’s your grace like?”
Cas’s eyes flickered shut and a look of pain crossed his features. He didn’t answer.
A long-suffering sigh from under the floorboard agrees.
Early next morning, before the coffee maker’s even had a chance to engage, Sam’s found himself a solo hunt on a ridiculously tenuous lead ‘just to get away from the blast radius’, and so the next few days prove very interesting and educational in various other corners of the bunker as well.
“I can’t believe his majesty king Dean
Hallway after empty hallway followed, broken up by the occasional deserted room. This place was huge compared to P342’s tiny lil’ garrison, and this section was presumably meant only for angels, no furniture or accommodations for humans needed. They didn’t see a single soul, or any trace of angels either, presumably the distraction was working. They forced themselves to walk normally anyway; their best cover was to maintain the illusion of collaboration.
“A prince should familiarize himself with these matters anyway.” The child’s face darkened as he looked away. “You’ll have your own consort or scheneshal to manage your affairs one day, but it is still important to
“Part your lips. Just a bit,” he whispered, and deepened the kiss when Cas complied. There was not the faintest twitch in the hands running over his abdomen and sides, no recoil. Cas’s eyes were blue and open and trusting, from what Dean could see from his very foreshortened angle. Dean kept on kissing and tonguing as he - finally! - got his hands on those wide shoulders, the corded arms… he explored for awhile. Cas finally got the idea and responded to the kiss, tongue caressing his. He tasted… different, he tasted like nobody else Dean had ever kissed before, no hints of spices or herbs or past meals, but a faint… something, almost more like a tingle that could have been entirely in Dean’s feverish imagination, reminding him of that taste in the air right after lightning had struck…
Fortunately Dean’s got a counter. “I made deputy on my own merits and you know it, Cole.”
Sam doesn’t insist. He knows Dean’s tough… and he knows his big brother’s not gonna let some random beta take his place tomorrow. At first Sam poked and prodded at Dean’s relationship with Cas; it is a bit odd, a beta and an omega from different sections and all. But now he seems to know, without even asking, that Dean’s not gonna let anybody else but him watch over Cas as he does his final foray into the heart of St Louis.
The other children were watching as well, having logically concluded they did not have a choice in the matter. Normally the kids stayed five seconds into Sunday’s entertainment and then they were running around like nutbags, decrees be damned, but not today. Jesse, the oldest of the school-age lot and a friend of Dean’s, was giving the latter looks of pleading combined with reproach.
These memories shine brighter than the billion years of being an angel that precede them, they feel more relevant by far. There’s even times when Castiel almost… not forgets, no, but he only remembers intellectually those unchanging unyielding millenia of cold duty, all melding into a blank wall of Before, one that he lost - or escaped - to start anew in the world. His memory, his very life truly started the day he met Dean. His lover and his friends accept this, that Castiel cannot talk about his past, that he has none in a way; and as long as his future is with them, they seem content with that.
“Why the bloody dickens would you do that?!”
of the motel room door swinging shut heralds the delighted “Hey!!” that greets Sam in the next room, followed by a murmur of voices.
Unable to move, barely able to breathe, Castiel could do no more than gape at the door over his spouse’s shoulder.
“Charlie!” Dean growls, trying to get familiar red hair out of his face, “One of these days I’m gonna plant you into the ground like a prize crop if you keep jumping me like this!”
Cas was staring at him. His touch on Dean’s thoughts were as gentle as his fingers, not directing or forcing the memories or invading any railroad secrets, just watching, barely brushing - and seeing all
“Stop-”
Three months down the road, and Dean’s still got it bad. He’s planning to have it this way the rest of his life, whatever that might bring. And hey, it’s all fine, really. No reason for anything to change any time soon.
“The pony keg of moonshine, yeah- wait, ‘was’?”
Now that he has confronted it, the knowledge of his shameful frailty slinks away. It is tiny, an old fear of abandonment that comes like a backhanded blow from his Father. It is insignificant.
“Crowley?!”
He glanced over the paper, a local production. Since it needed authorization by the garrison to print, it was never anything other than tame. Nothing much happened in P342 anyway... until the balls-up of a soulmatch a few weeks back, but the locals had wisely decided that that mess was not something that should be written about. Though of course they’d put their names up in the banns section the following week. It was right there, beneath Leah Sommers and Adelbert Hurley (visitor). Dean Winchester and Castiel (visitor). Dean had stared at it for something like a whole minute with bells - possibly wedding ones - ringing in his ears. Poor bastards at the paper must have spent hours on that one line, wondering how, or even if, they should report it. If they didn’t, that’d be quite an omission and a political statement in its own right. Dean just loved how his own misery was breeding company all over town in a hundred tiny ways.
Dean stared at the slug with new eyes. “That’s doable? I thought they weren’t actually made of metal - not real meltable metal.”
“Well at least you feel shitty about it,” he gruffs, a waver at the back of his voice.
For a moment like a miracle, Castiel feels utter relief burst through his chest. But it's short-lived.
“Gabriel,” the man answered shortly. “Do you have
“Sorry.” Heavy footsteps brought Lord Robert into view, his back to Castiel. “No luck so far.”
“Sounded like there’s a lot, you two can’t carry-... oh, never mind.”
, you do not get to-”
Then that means it’s time.
“Uh...”
“I’m sorry, you have every right to be angry, really angry with me, but I just didn’t have the time to explain to you- I knew she was poison the day I met her, but I only told Bobby and Sam, you weren’t there at the time, you were busy winning the battle.” The words are all coming out in a rush, Dean’s rubbing his forehead and not looking Castiel’s way. “Then when I realized- I had to send you away to the border, you understand, it was obvious she was vying for my kingdom by way of my heart, the little minx, and there was no way I’d fool her into believing I was falling for her charms if you were- um…” His eyes flicker towards Castiel’s and away again and he doesn’t finish his sentence. Castiel, head spinning, can’t put anything more together than ‘charm, kingdom, what?’
They walk and ride through the afternoon, the omegas subdued on the sleds. Any beta who tires takes a turn on the mules. Since they’re following the path they plowed through yesterday, the sleds lightened of supplies and the animals reasonably fresh, they make good time for four hours. Dusk looms ahead. During their second break, Dean has the scouts lash together cloth and wood, make torches to light their way when night falls. They’ll move more slowly, but they can still travel straight on through the night with a three hour rest in the darkest hours, make it back sooner. Cas, looking concerned, says that’s best. If they can keep this up, they’ll be back at the Winchester compound tomorrow shortly after noon, that’s the plan.
Extra warnings in Notes for potential triggers around pregnancy issues.
Just appearing in the bedroom had been a bit of gauntlet. Since this odd new tension had started, he’d subtly felt less and less welcome in Dean’s room (once more, the exact opposite of what marriage should be about.) Dean now came downstairs to work with his clockwork at the kitchen table, which had truly become a neutral space where angels were welcome, or at least tolerated.
Cole shoots her a nasty look, but doesn’t follow through physically or else Dean would throw the ‘keep Cole’s humiliation private’ plan outta the window right away. “I can’t believe all of you!” he rages. “This is
asshole; and though Tyler still thinks this pack will never quite measure up to the Campbells, the Winchester Hunters are
Dean tenses, rips his gaze off of Cas’s stiff shoulders so he can look down at Charlie. For a second he’d actually forgotten her there.
He handed the note to Castiel’s waiting hand.
“R.I.B.”
“No wonder, I’m the only guy in the pack who doesn’t tell you to stop being a know-it-all,” Dean scoffs, and wonders why he feels like they swerved around a weird moment there. Meh, probably something omega-ish. Or else the dizzying stench is making him hallucinate.
“Gabe,” said Colt, but the angel had already gone poof. Fuck. Maybe it wouldn’t matter, but Colt regretted he’d not said-
“Robert, why don’t we go over and help your father before he loses any more of that stuff inside that humans need to survive,” Castiel suggests gravely.
and that’s all.”
“No, a few hours at most.”
“Of course!” Man, she was shaking like a leaf, raging emotions getting deep into the vessel, fingers clenched into fists buried in the pleats of her conservative black dress. “I have been fighting for three decades to keep this- this situation under control! Ever since I found- But then
“Because I’m ready to bet this will get a little intense. Dean, over here.” Gabriel beckoned from the far side of the fire.
“What? No. Just lying down on my bed, that's all.”
. The knowledge had been creeping up on him since last night, it’d prodded him to have this talk now, to lay it out straight instead of dodging and weaving, and it’d been waiting for Cas’s words to confirm it. Unlike Sam, who thought deep and wonderful thoughts about humanity, fate, the law and his own feelings, Dean lived in a blurry haze of action and gut reaction. It was just how he was built. He didn’t have to think very deeply about what had been said at this table to
(See the end of the chapter for
The swan gives an ungainly hop that splashes it from the bank back into the water, where it floats with a stark contrasting grace. The light of a gibbous moon pouring over the lake touches its feathers, which shine ghostly white in the darkness of the night.
“I’m not going to hurt him.”
And there it was. That was when Dean
Still no enraged alpha mate tearing into him.
Two houses and a barn off of Stevens street formed a crooked little twelve-foot alley. At the end of it, a man was leaning against the wooden pales. A man Sam did not know. He was dressed in canvas trousers and a hussar-cut jacket, hanging unbuttoned and opened over a dark green cotton undershirt. A soft black hat of some foreign make partially hid his features, so he wasn’t a Sheep, and not a loafer either from the brightness of the eye that peaked briefly from beneath the brim. But Sam knew all the regular people in Lawrence, by sight if not by name; being the only advocate in Lawrence for over thirty years meant he’d met most of those who could still get into trouble. This was a stranger? Out on the street?!
“If you knew we were following you, why didn’t you run faster?” Dean asks, striding up to her table.
“Here, for you,” Cas says very quietly, handing him the last book he found before Dean closes his own pack. “If you want it. As, well, as thank you for taking me here.”
“Yes Dean.” Cas goes rooting through the boxes like a man on a mission, and Dean does a turn about the mezzanine, looking out through the rest of the broken windows at the ruins all around.
“Oh. So you know where to go?”
Castiel’s Wings twitched and jerked angrily in the higher sphere. He shouldn’t be here (
St Louis and the other Old World cities give Dean a massive case of the shivers, like he’s camping out in a cemetery, but Cas’s enthusiasm is infectious. Sam being in charge of this part of the expedition, Cas gives him an official report at day’s end, but then he comes over and talks excitedly to Dean and shows him his treasures. Old glass jars of chemicals and rare earths taken from labs and the university that Cas hunted down from old maps (he’s careful, of course, and he only bothers with the powders; the liquids would be too volatile and long-gone useless according to Cas.) He also finds books on chemistry, mechanics and metallurgy so future generations won’t get any dumber; only a few tomes survived, and their faded pages aren’t always easy to read, but Cas claims he can fill in the blanks, and build a library in the schoolroom. A library, Jesus Christ... The greatest treasure are shiny silver cylinders like fat coins taken from junkyards full -
Dean made a noise in his throat that sounded a bit like “Ng,” as he looked away towards the far wall.
“How is he?” Dean asks quietly, braced for the answer. Vic’s out of it again.
Castiel smooths down the sleeve over the unblemished skin, then puts his hands on Dean’s shoulders, trying to catch his lover’s gaze. “Dean, whatever you had to do, promise or pay, please, please let me help you.”
that protecting humanity is their father’s last order, even though he hadn’t bothered making it one - and it’s to be noted that orders are all he’s ever given them, no direction, no love, no hope in the future - no
“You found something?”
So when the phone rings again and the caller ID flashes “Hannah”, Castiel knows there isn’t some horrible jinx at work here. It’s just regular infuriating bad timing.
“I think you were saying that you were fine being an omega who was practically a beta in the social sense, because you didn’t feel the need to thrust your dong into everything.”
“Yeah, but depending on what kind of beastie we’re dealin’ with and why they’re travelin’ way out here, they could double back or have others come along after them. If they catch my scent, they’ll be on our rears. Damn it. I don’t want to waste the time it’d take to do the safe thing. Which is track them down, find out what they know and kill them. Hmm.” Dean stood up and looked carefully around.
“But how the hell could I wish this on a
Castiel reined himself in. It sounded nice, bar a few big IFs, but he did not know for sure that was what the Machine wanted. If it was, then glory be. If not, then he still had the basics of his mission. Somehow get along with the human - the hostile, puzzling and occasionally annoying human - and at least get this union to work.
Tyler doesn't come over because Mira doesn’t know him from shit and would eat him alive. Tyler is a late adoptee from Campbell pack, came over when he was thirteen, and he’s been a bur in Dean’s fur for the past three years. He was the last Campbell to be born from the source, as it were. When alpha Samuel Campbell, Dean’s grandpa on his mother’s side, lost his leadership position the year of Tyler’s birth, he chose to leave his pack. His two adult pups were asked to kindly disperse with him to keep the peace, while Deanna Campbell - Dean’s grandma, his namesake - had died that winter. The shock of losing his lifelong mate was probably the reason Samuel slipped in the first place. But Tyler, being a few months old at the time, was kept in Campbell with Samuel’s indifferent blessing. Until Tyler grew up and got too hard to handle, what with thinking he was owed something due to his last name matching the pack’s, and then John inherited him, lucky Winchesters. As for Samuel, the old codger is still alive last Dean heard; a lone wolf and hunter who comes out of the woods to trade with packs from time to time, deer hides and meat for gunpowder and tools, that sort of thing. Too stubborn to go back to his pack as a beta - or god help us all, an omega. Too stubborn to join John’s pack as a stray. Too stubborn to die. That’s Samuel.
Yeah, best morning ever.
And you’re a hundred times better than my brother, he wanted to add, but he wouldn’t commit those dangerous words even to such impermanent material as wax.
Dean Winchester being none of the above, he made up his mind. He could bang his head against this for days and not get to grips with it. And he wasn’t going to wait around. There were ways to work through this, to get some matters straightened out right away. And - the crux of just about everything that’d happened since last night - he and the angel were now in the very same boat, so seemed reasonable to start there.
- breaks the alphabet and the dictionary just as surely as Hell did, but for the opposite reason. Words like majesty, terrifying beauty, righteous burning light, pop into Dean’s head and flee just as promptly, ashamed that they even tried to capture this sight, the purity, the grace, the wings like heaven made manifest sweeping out, hauling him up up up- The air screams by them. Surely they should be near Jupiter by now at the speed they’re going, yet they’re still only at the edges of Hell. Oh, but there’s light beyond the being’s shoulder. Light. Sunlight, maybe, and they pick up speed. There’s a popping in Dean’s ears as they grow back, sounds like fire crackling, or maybe the sound of a keyboard typing furiously- Dean can’t pay any attention, he can only stare, mesmerized, at the one pulling him ever upward.
“...That doesn’t sound healthy, Dean.”
“You sound injured.”
Dean tasted the soup, rolled it around his mouth and nodded infinitesimally.
, yet the more Luke talks, the more he can see where a kind of misunderstanding might have arisen...
“I think this is a rather crude test of Dean’s ethics,” Castiel responded, rotating his vessel’s right shoulder and listening absently to a whole lot of organic stuff squelch and pop as it realigned and healed.
To have remained hidden so far, the child must have been in a heavily warded environment, and would possibly have been safe if she’d stayed there until she was old enough to use her powers to hide herself. But the human mother had panicked. Maybe - and isn’t this a grim thought - because she finally realized that the silence from Sariel means he’s dead. More specifically, that Castiel found him. Or maybe something spooked her. Either way, she fled whatever safe haven she had until then, and at one point, her careful camouflage slipped.
“Sam, I need you at the bunker,” Dean says absently, wrestling with a memory of the past and darker days.
Dean did not like the sound of this at all. “This about my dad? Azazel? That gun of yours? What?”
“Everything. Well, Me. No more Machine, no more angels. Earth back to the humans, all that. What your resistance was aiming for all along, right?”
“No. But fear not!” Gabriel said brightly. “I have a clever plan.”
“I bet…”
Castiel looks back, waiting for Dean to take command and go charging back at the demons, which is what they’re here for. It’s the sort of thing that normally has Dean’s whole focus.
“A perfect angel! I knew it the moment I saw her!” Alfie warbles to a bevy of court ladies congregating in the  portrait gallery.
Castiel brings his attention back to the recruitment office which has been empty of humans for the past thirty seconds. The recruiter left his book behind. Castiel contemplates it, then he leans forward to find the man’s quill. He signs an approximation of his name in the local language, then adds a tiny rendition of the same in Enochian, which may pass as his ‘mark’. He puts down the quill, closes the book with care, switches his angel blade back to his right hand and heads out the door.
There follows a short silence where Dean seems to wait for further information. When Castiel says nothing, Dean prompts him: “So, where do you hail from?”
“What are you doing out here?” Sam asks, looking around. The pier is a little outjut on a semi-private beach on the lake, an apron of sand and rocks surrounded by a hem of pussy-willows and reeds. It’s a nice spot, but not at ten in the morning on a grey and windy day.
John blinks at him. He doesn’t tell Dean to shut up and let him do the thinking, he doesn’t bark at him to
“Besides, if this really is my last night on earth, consider that I got to spend it deflowering an angel. Talk about going out with a bang.”
“I’m checking the wiring.”
Dean looked up from where he was inspecting the damage. “Your blade? Why would I need that?”
Sam pokes the fire in mock aggression. “We have to grind, we have to fight, we’re always at risk of backsliding if we slip, but do we get the advantages? The kids, the mating season, the right to call all the shots? No, it’s alphas who have it way too easy!”
“Where is he?!”
Not really, not this one. But… “It’s the decision of Heaven that-”
“I’m done.”
Dean catches up to Cas in three quick strides. “It is good, right? I mean, Lydia was way out of line, but she’s been in other packs, the stuff she’s seen as a stray- I mean, she’s told me stuff-”
Dean suspected he said something at that juncture - oh wow or something equally stunned and stupid that he would force himself to forget later because it’d make him wince with embarrassment (and also get him inappropriately hard.)
A whiff of sulfur made Castiel spin around in alarm, before registering the strike of a match that’d preceded it.
“Any news from that guy yet?” Dean asks idly, removing one of the gloves. “He should be at the hospital by now, the nearest is only ten minutes away.”
“‘S your fault I’m this tired, y’know,” Dean grumbled, face back in the pillow.
“What did you do?” Colt asked. He hadn’t pulled the trigger in final.
“That was under the archangels. Now the Host’s decisions are meted out fairly.”
“We have a city, you know. A real one. Brick and mortar buildings with a temple in the center - this is not an old city we renovated, we built it brick by brick and called it New Eden. The lesser compounds - named after the tribes of Israel, if you believe it - are in a circle around the city at halfday distance by horse, crude camps much like this one-” Dean’s eyebrows twitch but ‘brick and mortar’ and a temple does cast shade on Winchester’s wooden amalgam. “They each have their specialisation in what they mine, farm or produce, while New Eden, controlling them from the center, is touted as a paradise, a beacon of purity and civilisation, one step away from Our Savior. The more godly of the betas are regularly rotated from the outer compounds to the city to be closer to him - to Michael Novak, our leader after God. As a reward, they say, which just reinforces the dogma, and when their turn is up they’re sent back to another tribe afterwards, which stops them from forming partisan relations in one single camp that might supersede their loyalty to Michael. It’s a transparent means of control, but nobody seems to realize it.”
Castiel doesn’t say anything and in the background, the clock ticks and tocks away the seconds left until the next question, the inevitable question.
“Yes, yes, yes,” said Balthazar  - not in agreement, more as if he’d heard that before and expected it to hear it again from Castiel. “Fine. Guardians. Remind me how many of our collective charges you killed in that dump south of here a few years back?”
If Dean’s face wasn’t mostly paralyzed, he’d wrinkle his nose. He’d tried, he really had tried to teach his lover how to swear properly. Dean was a crackin' good teacher, if he said so himself, he could get under anyone’s skin in seconds, he could craft on the fly a triple salto of an insult that would leave the audience agog, and this, by comparison, was nothing more than a wobbly somersault. Oh, the panel of judges would surely agree it was a better effort than ‘assbutt’, but it just lacked oomph, right? It wasn’t up to the olympic standards the situation called for. Final score of three out of ten on form, one out of ten for artistry.
Cas nodded firmly as if Bartholomew’s acquiescence had never been in doubt and then looked around. “Can you or one of your flight show us to our home?”
“You see, at first I thought you’d gotten knocked over by poison right at the start, after I left you at the recruitment office. But Sam told me, once he got a good look at you, that he remembers seeing you during his stand at the stableyard. So I asked around. A lot of folks and fellow soldiers tell me they were saved by this guy in a brown coat wielding a silver knife, knocking down demons like skittles.”
Cas straightens.
A riot of suggestions burst into Dean’s mind, every single one of them exceedingly unhelpful. He covered his mouth with his hand and coughed away the beginning of a snicker.
After his trip to Minnesota, where the police department in a small town an hour from Minneapolis received an anonymous tip about the disappearance of a local resident, Castiel returns to the bunker. He can’t really think of any other place to go.
“It was,” Cas said morosely, the trudge of his boots through grass reinforcing the two short words. “And what was worse, these were the most law-abiding religious people- in fact that was part of the problem, many were furious because we were saving
The trickle of healing Grace turns into a stream, then a torrent, then a waterfall endlessly tumbling into the body beneath his hand. At first it makes no headway, Dean’s condition doesn’t change. The poison and corruption are very potent, they can kill even in diluted clouds wafting through large spaces, and Dean received a high dosage concentrated by the barbican’s walls and actually died from it, that is a lot of damage to reverse with the corruption fighting him every step of the way. Too much damage perhaps, but Castiel doesn’t even contemplate the possibility that this is all for naught, that he’ll lose all his Grace and not even save Dean at the end of it. If that happens, so be it, he’ll have at least tried. And for a being who’s lived eons, dying in a few centuries or in fifty years or tomorrow is all pretty much the same.
“What the hell are you still doing here, Dean?! Why haven’t you made a beeline for the hills?! This creature is treating you like you’re its
Idiot! Since when are you such a wing-tied ninny?! Why did you go and expect a human to be reasonable, to put logic and caution above their damned notions of romance?
“Bobby - Jesus
And also pretty awesome.
Memories streamed by like sand through an hourglass.
“I can’t
Alternative-version Castiel went utterly white in the face and as rigid as a board, head clonking into wreckage. Cas stood up without any sign of surprise and walked back to Dean who was itching with curiosity.
“The cambion,” Castiel says, helping him out with the term. It is after all an archaic one, those terrible creatures being considerably rarer even than nephilim.
The guards are creditably alert when the weary group make their way up the slope to the cabin. If the fact that the Hunters are back only three hours into a three day mission isn’t enough to raise the alarm, the figure bundled onto a stretcher would do it. The Ranchers give Dean’s group a once-over as soon as they’re near enough for visual confirmation of their identity, and then their eyes and their guns are nailed on their surroundings. Only one of them breaks rank, flying past the ring of bristling guards towards the hunting party.
The mood, already pretty bleak with tales of fowl curses and woes, takes a definite nosedive into dark and broody territory. Dean breaks it up by tying his horse to the lodge’s hitching post, getting his boots off and sitting on the steps of the gazebo with his feet dangling in the water, inviting the swan to join him with a tilt of his chin. Swan guy, to his credit, makes wading through silt and reeds look regal and even kinda hot… hey, knock it off, Dean chides himself. Poor guy’s up the crapper without a paddle, time to help, not get dirty thoughts about tousled dark hair, nice blue peepers and a well built bod under that tidy white uniform- No, bad prince! Down!
“I know.”
“Please.” Castiel leans against the broom which is lodged between the fancy wooden bread basket (full of what the specialty baker assures him is edible gluten free bread) and the flower vase. “Please come. It’s something of an emergency.”
”...As many as I had to. And not one more.” Castiel shot a hard glance at Uriel’s office door.
This doesn’t do much for him. He’s had a purpose since he was four, and like this weird miracle that’s dogged him, hounded him and kept him alive, his purpose hasn’t given him that much to look forward to. His throat now being mostly rebuilt, Dean decides he’s going to object.
“D-Dean?” Pah-Ne-Me quivers.
“No, but you shouldn’t have to waste your time educatin’ a little shit like that.” Tyler spits. “You’re still too lilly-livered, y’know. I guess that’s fine, it’s your style n’all.”
“You’ve been doing some writing. Right? That page over there is new.”
Castiel shoved aside his confusion, a feeling he’d become very familiar with these past few weeks living among his Father’s final creations, and tried to remember his reasoning at the time. All this had happened almost twenty years ago. Maya might have children of her own by now if she was one of the chosen.
“Dad... he left too. Even when they were both here, they were kind of gone. It’s... these two strong personalities. Both too strong, too independent, too sure they were right.”
Cas looked around, making the same tally. “Colt is armed, but his weapon only has the one bullet left. He-“
Below the marks of bravery and merit, a different story unfolded. Sanction marks, penance marks. Both on and off the front line, Dean Winchester had accumulated a lot of time in solitary or in tasks of redemption. There was, Castiel had to admit, very little space left on that storied back to add more, certainly nothing that could cover everything Dean had done tonight. Off the top of his head, Castiel couldn’t even remember what the penalty was for trying to stab him earlier.
“Balthazar, we have to do something! Is- is he-“
, after those crazed blue eyes are no longer dissecting him. What the fuck is someone like Alastair doing in the midwest, now that he thinks about it…?
In which Castiel doesn’t get what he wants, Dean drinks too much coffee and they talk about monkeys
“Really? That’ll shave off a day. The place we need to go is almost exactly north-east of here. Get us a couple miles from the edge of the Garden, we’ll find a place to stop and make camp, wait for daylight and make our way into the Wilds.”
...Over the months of being damned for good, Dean had come to accept some things. He might have hated the seal to begin with, and if anybody other than Cas had had his hand on the choke chain, Dean would have gone into atomic meltdown until the leash snapped or the world ended, whichever came first. But it was Cas who had the end of the chain that tethered them together, and the shackle of the leash had become the key to Dean’s freedom, it let him be himself, feel murderous and demony when he wanted to, feel mellow and practically human other times, it was all good because he was above and all else still Dean through it all, he could be himself to the hilt and the leash was really only there to stop him from killing someone he might actually regret killing at a later date once a particularly bad mood subsided. Dean used the leash, he used the safeguard it provided, it belonged to him just like the angel it tethered him to belonged to him, side by side for the rest of eternity.
“Stay on the table, but get ready to duck,” Dean tells Castiel tersely and runs after the animal.
Yeah, no point waiting now, was there. Dean slid a chair around to sit right next to his brother. Sam looked up slowly. He was on his second home-brewed whiskey. The big greenhorn was going to regret that later, he’d never had anything stronger than lemonade before.
One crossroad deal later, Dean has a definite expiry date. Sam is as distraught as only Sam can get, but Dean is secretly… well, almost relieved. He’s saving Sam, and all it cost is a life that doesn’t serve any purpose other than killing and getting killed. Yeah, Dean is finally going to get off the merry-go-round for good, instead of having one foot off and one foot on, hopping along like an idiot. ‘Bout time. Next time Dean Winchester kicks the can, that’s
“No-” Dean is scrabbling, hand covered in his own blood, frantically trying to draw banishing sigils on the sand; a hopeless endeavor. He’d be able to use his skin as a canvas if the gory mess over his chest and arms didn’t make that impossible.
Shit! How- how had his opponent dodged?!
“With a hellspawn about to rip its way out of my guts in three months’ time, I’m a bit worried about me too, but I’ll let you be president of the club if you stop bringing it up all the time.”
“S’up?”
“Shut up, they were fucking good pancakes.”
“That is a good idea.” Small villages dotting this region revolve around this chapel, whatever the dove looks like. The villagers fled before the enemy incursion, but now that Dean and his Hunters have cleared the area, they’re returning to salvage the late spring harvest. They could use a place to congregate, take stock and give thanks.
“You help Heaven’s hitman notify next of kin. I have other places to be.”
”...Lawrence?”
His hesitant ‘if you don’t mind talking about this?’ is buried under Cas’s snort and a flip: “Three quarters of my notes are about sex and fertility, it’s been one of the biggest consequences on our biology. I may be omega but I’ve never been a prude on that subject. Which section is it? Can you read out the first paragraph?”
“Me?” Sam sounded tired and tense. “Are
He reaches up, gently removes the hand Dean’s put over his eyes, covering his expression that’s broken like a ship on a reef. His emotions are still all over the place, even though he’s now as sure as hell he’s not falling. But… but maybe a part of him wanted to, you know...? A part of him wanted to go to Cas even if, once arrived, they’d never have had sex. If they'd both ended up together in the omega barracks, they would certainly never have made love like they just did, they never would have touched at all, but still, in a way, in a strange and weird way, he is somehow sure they would still have been lovers…
Dean jumped out of his skin. Cas was sitting there, blood-free and merely looking puzzled at the way Dean was holding him.
“Sorry, I just realized you meant me,” said Gabriel, reappearing. “What?”
The afternoon was quiet as promised. Sam had some papers and letters to read. Castiel took the opportunity to borrow his copy of the New Talmud and read it curiously, sitting at the kitchen table, a casual ear out for movement upstairs.
“Wings,” Dean insists like it’s very important. He’s just coming back to full consciousness. Castiel doesn’t even know how Dean has seen the angel’s wings since his eyes are still burned and useless. He must have sensed them as he hovered there between life and death.
“Fuck. Wait, you’re leaving
“I am.”
“I-... I don’t know. But he didn’t. You didn’t realize that, and I’m sure Rufus will know that, he-“
Naomi did not send an army after them one second later, so it seemed Cas’s gamble had paid off. Maybe she really was drawing away the troops, or else Gabriel was doing something truly spectacular to the northwest and had drawn all the attention there, but either way, still not a single angel in sight as they made their way deeper into the garrison. It only took a minute before Cas reached for a perfectly nondescript door, similar to the dozens they’d already seen, and opened it briskly.
“Michael row the boat ashore, Hallelujah,” Sarah sang in her husky voice.”Then you'll hear the trumpet blow, Hallelujah...”
“What a world I live in. I know the smell of a man’s charred eyeballs, and not what a lightning storm looks like...”
The Apocalypse had changed a lot of the rules. Since angels were on earth pretty much permanently, they needed vessels for the duration. But saved souls could no longer be carried around for possibly eons, not when the Plan said they should be at peace on earth or in Heaven. So a decree changed that. The souls of the lucky chosen were escorted straight to their Eternal Reward, as the Word so euphemistically termed it. Castiel hadn’t always liked the responsibility of caring for a mortal soul riding in his metaphorical coat pocket before the Apocalypse, but he found that he liked the idea of killing a mortal for their body even less (Castiel did not do euphemisms). He’d taken great care of his previous vessel as a result. But the last battle that had finally pushed back the Leviathans had been fierce. Ethel Smith’s shell had perished, over a century after she had first relinquished it to him and peacefully ascended to Heaven. A new one had been called forth.
“Oh come on, fighting off evil and saving his life like that, it’s destiny! Fated love! Like in the tales!”
There’s no flaw in this guy’s posture, there is no doubt, no weakness, nothing! Just unlimited strength and the unhinged will to carve flesh with a blade. Taking Dean alive is probably off the table at this point.
His car labors along a winding path skirting a lake, bordered by the occasional beach house, most of them boarded up and waiting for summer that’s just around the corner. In the far distance is a growing pillar of smoke that suggests one of these dwellings is on fire. He heads that way on instinct and thirty seconds later, he spots the Impala. It’s up on the curb, door and trunk flung open. Another car with a child seat in the back stands abandoned a few feet away where it’s been forced off the road and into a ditch. Several motorcycles and a pickup truck idle beyond it.
In Hell’s bleak soundscape made of screams, curses and insane giggles, a single clarion trumpet rings out like the incarnation of every beautiful memory he’s ever had, and a thousand voices cry: “Dean Winchester is saved!”
“Yeah?”
Dean gave his head a brisk shake, dismissing thoughts and feelings for the practical and the immediate. He walked on without fear. He had camouflage sigils painted about his person, and this was the Garden. Nothing dangerous here, not even the pumas, not unless one jumped on him in the hope he had a carrot about his person. The only thing dangerous was in the garrison somewhere at his back, beneath the luminous sparkle of the Machine, as small as a twinkling diamond from this distance. Talking of which...
Castiel had worn the ostentatious chain the next day, because appearances still mattered. But Dean’s gift, poor afterthought that it was, had never left his finger since.
“Right fucking now! You-”
That simple truth earns him a smile as warm as the sunshine pouring through the windows. Dean doesn’t speak right away and a golden hush settles, highlighted rather than broken by the noises of a camp full of soldiers settling outside.
” Dean’s hand leaps to his sword. “When? How often?”
It’s working. He’s going to have enough. He can fix this. Dean is going to live.
There’s a knock on the door, to Dean’s surprise. His gut tells him who it is, but Cas lives here now, has been for two months, so why is he knocking?
“...Damn.” They could be sounding out the pack’s defenses. Getting to know the betas here, bored out of their skull and always happy to gossip with a trader who’ll buy them a beer. Maybe see which omegas got rotated here and if any are called Novak...
“We’re about to see the end of it one way or another,” says Dean philosophically. “I came back to tell you I found the tower.”
“I… Cas… look, I gotta come clean to you about something.” Dean’s voice is hoarse, he’s having a hard time not looking away. “You need to know this… I’ve been, uh, sort of… it’s not that I was hoping you’d become a beta, it never crossed my mind, but a part of me-... even when you were an omega, I wanted-… I’m sorry, I know I shouldn’t have been thinking of you in that way, but for months now I really liked you and it wasn’t all just about being friends. I- I wanted this. I damn well dreamed of it - I would never have acted on it, Cas, you have to believe me, but-... I hope you don’t think less of me...”
The Miller siblings stared at him as if still not entirely sure he was not something they should be hunting rather than helping. Then Charles went to pump some water outside while Henrietta made increasingly acrid remarks about Colt’s lifestyle as she fished around the cracked and dirty kitchenware for a mug he could use.
Dean didn’t wait, he was out the door and thundering down the stairs.
“Blind me, I wouldn’t go as far as calling it an heirloom.” Dean crossed the small distance between them, picked up Castiel’s hand and looked at the subject of their conversation critically. “It really is puny, I should probably get you something better.”
Michael was the kind of prick who could speak in capitals. Colt would learn that this was true of most angels.
Dean groans as he buries his face in his hands. “-can’t do a lesson right now-”
Thirty feet behind him, he heard Dean say: “Sorry we kicked you out this morning. You land on your feet okay?”
On the far side of the Milky Way, a light shone as it hung in the void, observing a binary sun system.
Michael stared down at the First Blade impaling him through the chest. He didn't seem alarmed. Surprised, mainly. Confused. He opened his mouth-
Dean’s breath is ragged. He clamps his jaw shut, teeth visible in a feral snarl. Then he shakes his brother away. He paces, three steps away, three steps back, hand pressed to his mouth. Then he spins towards Castiel, eyes burning.  “Don’t think, because the Host calls the shots, that your hands are clean!”
Dean looks around, crouches numbly in the snow and pats his knee.
A flutter.
Caught between a rock and a hard place, Dean starts to get really careless.
Then Dean looks at him. Really looks at him. Eyes pace over his features. Measure the slump in his shoulders beneath the trenchcoat.
“Something that will clamp shut when it steps on it.”
“I didn’t. He insisted he should go. I suggested we play rock-paper-scissors for it. He chose rock while I chose to jump through the open rift,” said Cas with a shrug.
“Help me understand. Humanity is in Paradise. God lives among you. You are happier and healthier than you have ever been. You are at peace, content, you are immortal.”
“You even helped me clean up my kitchen a bit.”
Rufus’s response broke three separate decrees. By the door, Alfie’s face went rigid with panic. Pretending to have been suddenly afflicted with celestial deafness, he spun around and trotted off to round up the next set of unmarried stragglers.
“Hey, I didn’t hear you complain when I returned the favor. And I am tired, just not sleepy.”
“Balthazar?! Look, no offense, Cas, but these guys are packing angel killers, and Balthazar, I mean, he’s not exactly-“
Castiel went cold to his boots.
“...Who? Cesar?”
“What are you talking about?” asked Cas, visibly puzzled.
“You asked me not to do it,” Castiel answered. “I want-“
“Really? Hmm, now that I think of it, he was muttering about playing it safe last time I saw him, so maybe you’re right,” Panic said blithely. “So yeah, just for our safety, he decided not to participate in casting the spell he created, he let us do it alone instead. He’s on the far side of the country now, waiting for us to finish.”
“Because we are not wolves.”
Ah, that explained a lot. “This is your doing,” Castiel concluded, a flash of wings in the higher spheres indicating the garrison and by extension Castiel’s presence here.
In which it’s clear that Dean’s life is looking up at last!
Silence falls, companionable on the back of many, many other shared nights. Castiel hums a hymn to himself softly under his breath. Dean stares off into the darkness.
‘Okay’ is an exaggeration. Dean can see a wild pulse leap and quiver in the omega’s throat. But he’s still standing, he’s not about to rabbit. Not him. Dean’s seen how tough Cas is. Those bloody diagrams from the notebook dance in Dean’s noggin, arrows and circles like tangled skeins trying to pull Cas down into the depths, smother him into passivity or trigger his flight reaction. But Cas isn’t about to cave in to no fucking biology; Dean watches as his friend claws his way out of it, a look of self-directed anger coming and then going, leaving him pale, sweating but still standing. A hand reaches up, squeezes Dean’s fingers briefly, blue eyes are steady when they open again, he’s risen above it all, and that’s good, ‘cause Dean needs him to right now.
“Yes, Dean.”
Cas stared at the two of them for what felt like a very long time. Like maybe he could figure them out if he counted Dean’s freckles, or measured the exact level of determination in the jut of Sam’s jaw. Dean didn’t say anything since the grandstanding advocate had already done all the necessary oration, and the Winchester code forbade him from pulling the big lubbock into a hug and never letting go...
“You are hereby delegated to - so on and so forth, I’ll think up the words later. You can’t use those to boss people around. Humans, angels, demons and those big bitey things, they all have to figure it out on their own, not with my overview and not with yours. You’re here to make sure I don’t get hacked again. That the borders are kept hermetical and that nothing is creeping up on us. You’ll have to find a few helping hands from all walks of life. By which I mean, you’ll need a couple of the less weasley demons too, and if you can find a Leviathan that understands the balance of power- okay, that might take awhile, but that’s your job too, to look for more like-minded individuals, and possibly miracles. I understand you already have a vampire who could help. So, what do you say?”
“Castiel,” said Cas, “and I know who this is.”
Needless to say, Dean’s winter is a miserable one until shortly after new years, when a bombshell of scurrilous gossip explodes across camp.
“Uh, Dean, how-”
Dean is struck speechless.
“Yes.”
“Don’t you dare say anything stupid! That’s the second time in six months I had to give you CPR, Dean, and I don’t enjoy it any more than you do!” Sam hollers, stress running through his voice and making it titter on a dangerous edge. He tries to defuse it by rubbing his mouth against his sleeve theatrically. His hand is shaking. Dean tries to say something smart, but coughs up more water instead. Lake monsters have an unfair advantage against air-breathing hunters. When they pulled him under and held him down, dark water invading his aching lungs, Dean died again. But then Sam arrived at just the right spot at the edge of the night-shrouded lake, more by luck than design, and the harpoon gun worked as expected. Now Dean has to hork up half a lake’s worth of water before finding some whiskey to drown in, and forget what it felt like to wake up with Sam’s mouth fastened on his
Cas stared at the shot. “I didn’t know this was possible,” he said in a monotone.
Dean glanced over at Dean, dead in the dust, mouth open, staring blindly at the empty sky. He scratched his chin thoughtfully with the First Blade, absently getting some blood there. “Huh. You know, I think this is what those yuppies call ‘therapeutic’. At least I feel a lot less angry and bloodthirsty than I usually do.”
“It’s a hag-ridden nightmare! I’ll have to send my lads out over half the city to find that many candles by St Phillip’s day next week - and you want them all to match?!”
“Yup, he’s handy to have around at times,” said Dean with that same large brassy smile that Castiel now suspected meant that this was some form of comical overstatement.
The day outside was perfectly sunny, of course. Dean was one of those rare humans who still noticed that. Which was odd, because Dean Winchester had never known anything other than a sunny day in his life. Neither had his father or his grandfather. A lot of people looked puzzled when Dean complained about the perpetual sunshine, like he was whining about the shape of air. But Dean just wanted it to rain. Just once. Just to see what it was like. Clouds sweeping in. Water falling from the sky. Lightning- what did that even look like? Cracks in the sky...? Just the thought of it made his heart beat faster. It was a pity he’d never get to see it.
At twenty candles a room?! What do they need so much light for anyway?”
Rowena glances absently over her shoulder. “Aren’t they meant to do that?”
Castiel really doesn’t care, and barely apologizes to the elderly lady he almost bowls over as he staggers out of the compartment.
His faith tries to battle it down, the same way the angel Castiel had once battled down doubt in his Father’s plans (but it hadn’t
“Don’t call him that,” Zuriel said in his usual flat tone, which made it so much funnier when Samandriel came over anyway.
” Castiel did not need the Word to tell him how the situation stood, and he’d rather Jonah keep it between his teeth-
“Or he blankets the countryside with trackers looking for you,” Balthazar added in a way that was meant to be flip and did not fool Dean for one second, not after that scene in Sam’s room earlier.
“The resistance has him.”
“I said shut up!”
“Must you call me that?“
“You hate everything about this new world! You hate what was done to us, this injustice forced on us by those- those scientists playing god!”
Man, Cas sure looked moody tonight...
“I wasn’t on the front line anymore, I was being reassigned.” Castiel’s gaze dropped to a knot in the wood’s table. “I was waiting for my new orders while taking a short rest.”
Michael stared in disbelief too great for anger or fear to get a toe-hold.
“I only stepped forward to ask why you had thrown someone through a plate glass window,” Sam said tightly. “As an advocate, I have the right-“
Then he once again put Dean’s wellbeing above all else, somewhat-accidentally freeing Metatron the day before yesterday in order to help Dean with the Mark.
“He said a few weeks. Or a few months.” He makes a bitten off sound and turns again, back to the wall. “I was not behaving badly, Dean.”
He looks around as Cas puts the last two boxes down on an old countertop of hardwood, still standing. Dean was only looking at the place strategically before, now he actually stares around and tries to imagine people reading here (that’s what they did in libraries, right?)
The leash whips forward with wonderful dexterity - but that raccoon isn’t half bad either, and manages to dodge it. She’s left scrambling at the very top of the fridge. Her back paws dig powerfully into the gap between fridge and door, find the rubber of the seal- the door flies open! Half a dozen eggs topple out of their holder onto the floor with a heart-breaking crush-crush-smush, a bottle of beer rolls after them in a lemming-like maneuver and explodes against the linoleum with a loud report. The sudden loss of her support sends the raccoon tumbling down through the fridge in a mad scrabble of foodstuff getting trashed. Dean leaps forward, reaching for the door- too late! The animal shoots out, using the meat drawer as a starting block for an olympics-qualifying dive across the floor.
But yeah, frickin’ angels are attacking Hell in general and his little circle of it in particular.
Dean’s struck dumb until Cas kindly adds: “If you get gored by a wild boar or eaten by a bear, I’ll undoubtedly miss your questions and arguments after awhile.”
“I’d have to do some research… It’d be best if Crowley helped us, but we won’t have the time until after our attack on Michael. And I’m sure you want to help us bring him down, right? You’re, like, the hunter of all hunters!”
Dean looks back in equal surprise. “What, didn’t Andrea-... didn’t you hear? Benny and Andrea are leaving.”
Sam relaxed and his expression became extremely sour. “Can you please be more careful about what you say when-“
Awww, fuck his life.
How much bigger will it get? Why is it even fucking visible in the first place? According to Rowena, Dean has not suddenly grown lady parts. He doesn’t have a whatchamacallit, baby-machine bits. The whole thing is a trick, mystical hocus pocus, the cambion building out of magic what it needs to leech off Dean’s bod. If it can do that, it should be able to do it anywhere in his body - or better yet, in another dimension altogether, somewhere it won’t be visible or impede his life. But no, even though it could surely grow, say, in the trunk of the impala, it’s lodged itself instead in Dean’s lower abdomen. According to Rowena, chances are good that this won’t actually kill him, only make him wish he was dead… Fuck… Is he actually going to look like bloody Schwarzenegger in that stupid flick the guy made and surely regretted since, where the dude got-...
“Huh-uh. You’ll tell me anyway. Right?”
At Castiel’s side, Dean twitched. He’d said the same not a minute ago, but having an angel, the oppressor in this scenario, state it out loud would still be hard to swallow.
“Stuff needs to happen fast here, and you’re the only human on hand. Or should I ask the angels instead? That did not work out so well last time.”
Dean glances at his watch as he walks quietly through the house. Nap time should be winding down. He’s ready to bet Charlie is in her room, staring at her computer screen right now, desperately delving through mythical lands of ever-battling orcs while she still can, each precious minute draining away fast. Dean doesn’t bother her, he goes straight to the nursery, says, “I’m on duty, Charles,” to the baby monitor, and then switches it off.
Luke rolls his eyes. “No, I did not find an erlenmeyer in a freezer marked “Cure for GF32” on the label. Sorry to get your hopes up, but we-”
Dean shook his head once. “Not even he has the gall to expect me to agree you’re the good guys.”
“The Host would have made a decision on… how to handle things.”
His remaining brethren pretend not to notice, as if acknowledging his departure might cause their own precarious perch in Heaven to teeter. Nobody tries to stop him. Anyone he could be said to have been close to once, Anael, Balthazar, Hannah, they all died fighting Lucifer long ago, nobody cares that much about him at this point. Certainly not God. Their Father has been gone for eons, bequeathing himself and his last precious attention to humanity rather than to his first children. He didn’t even bother giving the angels any orders as he walked out on them, only an injunction not to interfere directly with the nascent species that was replacing them.
Though there’s no obvious reaction, his intuition informs him that the darkness is not amused.
“Not in good taste,” Castiel points out reprovingly.
But Dean was made of stern stuff, and since it had to be done, it was best to do it quickly. Cas, to his credit, lay perfectly still, though
Charlie is sitting on Sam’s bed. From the way her jaw’s hanging around her breastbone, Dean’s brother has done him a solid and explained matters so Dean doesn’t have to.
Noise from the treeline; cracking of twigs beneath blankets of snow, crunch of footsteps. But… it’s not the thunder of a large advance. Dean’s eyes narrow as he drops to one knee behind his pack. Sounds like… half a dozen? No more… Thank fuck, it's definitely the intruders Benny's been chasing. Hmmm… makes sense. A larger force would have been spotted even sooner by the packs in this region; a raiding party of more than twenty would have sent a general alarm ringing out, and Winchester and others would have hunted them down and expunged them weeks ago. But if it's them, only a dozen strong, what do they hope to accomplish? They’re not only slightly outnumbered, they’re split between the wood and the far bank - and the latter group is pretty much pinned down without any cover. Did they hope that the Winchester Hunters would make a run for it, and be easy game for a shot in the back? That’s rather overconfident… Do they have a plan B?
And behind her…
“...I am not a monk. Why do you think I am a monk?”
“Oh, them.”
“I can cut myself off from Heaven and the Machine. If I do that, then Michael cannot communicate with me, nobody can find me. For awhile. Unless I use an excessive amount of power.”
“... Okay, I’ll say it just this once: I’m with you feathered goons on that one.”
“Yeah yeah. I'm glad for you. For you both.”
Sam hesitated, but only a second, then he walked quickly down the alley. “You shouldn’t be here! The garrison is still on alert after everything that’s happened last month - it’s a mess. You need to get-“
“Well, under the circumstances it was your prerogative to do so, though you probably realize now how tenuous Uriel’s accusation was. You caught on to Dean?”
“It’s not fine, you’re bleeding. And I know, Jesus wept, I know she’s a honey trap, I’ve known from the start.”
“What's it mean?”
Under cover of a warded shed, Dean slipped a small ampoule from the bandoleer beneath his greatcoat where his great-grand-pappy had once stored shotgun shells. Now it held all kinds of goodies, such as five little ampoules with his blood and some secret ingredient from the ever-expensive Bela. He drew a quick circle in the dust right outside the shed’s door, with the right cabala markings like chicken scratches all around it. He placed the vial in the center, put a slow fuse under it and lit it. Then he ran. It was a bit of a gamble, the angel might spot him. Hopefully not.
”- thought those hawks were all off fighting Levis, what-“
“Examining the handiwork. Come with me.”
Rufus shrugged. “Might not happen, though. Might be our children can watch their own children grow up the same way they did, and their kids too, safe and warm. They never have to work, or find their path, or watch crops grow on land they bought and cleared, or fight for what they believe in, or make a decision. We can live in the Promised Land forever. Forever and ever.”
And Eileen was there too, a small smile on her face as she casually beat the dust off her dress. She had followed him - goodness, she must have scrambled down that hole like a boy despite her skirts, he’d not thought to offer assistance. Sam was at her side giving her a steely meaningful look. Eileen didn’t seem alarmed though, she patted him on the arm and then gazed back pointedly at Castiel.
“Slow down a sec. Do you even know what we’re about to do here?” Dean’s trying hard not to sound amused, much less condescending, but it’s a whole big shift in their power dynamic - and Cas is looking awfully angry and cute right now, dammit.
He fell silent for a full minute. The logs crackled, highlighting the silence of the night around them.
“Surely you don’t need to know death, famine and disease to abhor them. You’ve known a bit of pain in your life-”
“Don’t be, my absence this morning was not your fault, I would never do something that cruel in response to mere words or a prank.” Castiel surreptitiously wiped his eyes and then went for a kerchief for Ben’s face. “I thought the badger was a wonderful jest, actually.”
“Yeeeah, your demon buddies don’t seem too big on engineering.”
“Good.”
Deep, deep inside Dean is a tiny little flinch of something that could almost look like guilt, though he’s damned if he can figure out what he’s supposed to feel guilty about. “Yeah?”
Dean went to get some more coffee, mainly to hide the fact that his hands were shaking slightly. He felt a painful and prickly sensation in his gut, like he’d just been knifed and something he’d never known was there had been carved out. Even Bela and Susan were in love in their fucked-up way. Even John and Mary had been happy amidst the anger and before the pain. Dean and Castiel? Nope. Not gonna happen. The very idea was ridiculous.
A thought winds its way through Castiel’s mind.
Rowena, he’s learned, does not approve of sarcasm unless she is the originator. Neither does she know what a chestburster is.
“Yes.”
Her voice faded as Castiel quickly moved on. He couldn’t believe his disappearance had caused this much consternation. He had to reverse it quickly.
There’s that marker with 45 on it that Dean can’t make heads or tails of. A dozen times he’s driven this route and he has yet to see a 44 or a 46.
There was a terse moment of silence while the word relocation bounced around the inside of Dean’s skull.
“He’s okay
“I don’t want to be at war with humans,” Castiel said despondently. “That is entirely the opposite of how it should be.”
In 1838 - not that dates mattered anymore - Colt was leading a few dozen refugees to safety. Or that was the plan, though safety was a very relative term these days.
“Sam-“
The two stars, eternally swirling into each other’s gravity as if in battle or in dance, did not witness the out-sweep of wings unfurling in a ripple of wavelengths. They beat once in the higher planes, ripping through Ether and sending an angel hurtling back towards New Jerusalem.
“Come on,” Castiel says softly, moving to Dean’s side, hands on his shoulders as he guides his family towards the distant Impala and the future. “Come on, let’s take you both home.”
Dean slowly let his head sink until it clunked against the crudely varnished table. He’d gotten to the sixth means of suicide on his list still available to them in this earthly Paradise which had otherwise done away with weapons, poisons and such. But where there's a rope, there's a way.
Benny was gone almost a year. Went down as far as Louisiane, and eventually came back with Andrea. Turned out, he hadn’t strayed from his old pack so much as escaped. The old pack hadn’t wanted to let Andrea go, though, because she was a valued member and they’d always hoped Benny would return to them one day, tail between his legs, as long as they kept her. But when Benny went back, he didn’t have his tail between his legs. That’s not Benny. He travelled all the way to near Lafayette, broke into the camp and got her out. It ‘wasn’t easy’, he told Dean in his typical understated way, which left Dean guessing how many bodies he’d left  strewn in his wake. The type of pack they lit out from… it wasn’t the worst kind, maybe, but essentially their alpha had been their god instead of just their boss, and yeah, it’d been Not Good.
Dean sips his diet coke, eyes fixed unseeing on a row of Men of Letters diaries from boring old coots on a shelf opposite his table. The bubbles prickle his nose. He’s given up on alcohol somewhat. After his stint as a demon - and the exploding beer bottle incident - it seems booze doesn't give him the same kick anymore. He continued to drink anyway out of sheer habit for awhile, but, well.... maybe Dean’s drinking more since he can’t pace himself, or something else is going on, but it’s a fact his jeans are getting rather snug around the waist these days. His six-pack’s been getting the same kind of scrutiny as the Mark this last week. He’s always been solidly built, but now he suspects he’s getting just a bit paunchy… And since he actually has a guy seeing him naked in bed nowadays - and the booze doesn’t help anymore with the worry and the sleeping and the stress - it makes sense to cut back down on the calories. Sam noticed his switch to sugar-free soft drinks, but only made fun of him a little bit, which suggests his brother was rather concerned with Dean’s alcohol consumption, or else the moose has simply developed a survival instinct at long last.
“1844, here in the Promised Land, is when I learned to read. An angel taught me, ‘cause the good folk here and elsewhere, they were still...” There was a long pause and then Rufus rubbed his jaw. “They were still adjusting. He - Daniel - he encouraged me to explore all sorts of holy texts. Me and my sister, we converted to Judaism, more ‘cause we could than because it truly called to us. Already the notion of distinct religions meant little at that point. Then we settled down here. A good place. Then again, all places are the same now.”
Cas resignedly lets Garth have his hug and pats him awkwardly on the shoulder in return. But his eyes are on one side of the circle. Dean follows his gaze.
“No. If this ends badly, the failure will be entirely mine,” Cas said simply.
was he focusing on this stupid tiny little matter instead of the bigger picture?!
But to his horror, the queen had whisked away her tablet, spun around and vanished into the passageway, plunging the sideroom into darkness bar the twinkle of her candles, growing ever smaller until it was abruptly cut off by the spring door swinging shut. Castiel gasped, horrified, and kicked frantically in the dark until he hit the hidden release that swung the door open again.
“Cas? You should get to bed.”
Free hand pressed to his brow, Cas stares blindly at his brother’s shoulder. “I...I see. I.. God, Dean, I’m sorry, Vic - all of this- it’s all because of me.”
He knows who it is. On some plane or other, the whole camp knows who it is.
But John doesn’t tell him to drop down and give him fifty for being caught woolgathering. He parks himself against the shed next to Dean and examines his oldest under the light of the moon and the flickering bonfire.
“Come on, you coward! Come and fight me head on!” His voice echoes around.
“I can’t describe it.”
, Benny withdrew the gun and the door swung open with the proverbial creak of doom. As if it needed to be more dramatic.
“This would be an actual-... attempt,” Rowena interrupts, still staring at him piercingly as if she can rip out the answer to a question she seems unwilling to formulate.
“Huh?”
“Dean, in my coat, you’ll find my blade.”
If he wanted to look smooth and in control, he failed when he ran straight into Cas’s back. His husband had stopped in his tracks.
“Greetings, boys. I had a feeling ‘twere you two on my trail.” The words roll out in her rich accent. She sounds a little sloshed. Good.
“Yes, it expanded the search circle,” said Castiel seriously. “I’m sure they’re monitoring the ether, but there are too few of us left to do it that effectively over such a wide area, particularly if they are being misdirected. But we should walk to the next stage, unless the note indicates otherwise.”
Castiel brings down his sword - but this time the demon manages to fumble a parry and step away.
“But-but can he- maybe if I talk to him, he could get this sorted out! I never did what they said I did, I never-“
So he makes to get out of bed to follow Dean who’s gone to talk to the doctor, and dives right back into unconsciousness again, damn it.
Sam shoves him. Dean hip-checks him back. Sam returns to rooting around the toiletry kit, his grin now spread out like a banner.
“Angels too,” Castiel added automatically, then he frowned inside. He hoped Dean wasn’t going to try to winkle information out of him. He wasn’t trying to trip up Dean into revealing anything about the railroad, out of respect for the truce they’d established.
Dean stares at him. Then he closes his eyes, presses the bridge of his nose.
The bladed tip catches his thick deer hide coat but can’t cut through all the layers to his ribs.
- so that in the entirety of all the kingdoms on earth, Castiel will become the one person to
Then he’d walked down the streets of beaten dirt, and Death had walked at his side. Houses erupted into flame, men and women vaporized beneath his gaze, small puffs of smoke and a little ash. Some tried to attack him. Bullets pierced his petticoat (he’d still been in Ethel’s vessel then, this had been almost twenty years ago now). It didn’t make him blink, and nobody got near enough to wield a blade or spell. Most of them ran away and died in the fire and the smoke and the fury.
“He’d been taken by the human resistance. They wanted to lure Dean and I out of Paradise for their own ends,” Cas said, stiffly but not entirely inaccurately. Gabriel had tried to coach Cas into weaving intricate lies to cover their weeks of absence. After three days of rest, planning and Gabriel getting progressively more and more frustrated and loud, it was decided that ‘simple was best’. “They hid him behind wards. Dean and I searched for weeks while evading danger ourselves. Fortunately...” Wisely Cas chose to turn his head and pass on the ball.
A figure with messy dark hair and wearing a tan duster had his back to him fifty yards away, Rufus gesticulating before him. The breeze carried their voices.
“Charlie, run,” Dean croaks behind him.
“What on God’s green earth are they all doing here?”
“Hell, I’d sort it out tonight if Sammy hadn’t pussied out and gone back to town.”
is what we’d do with it? Set up some major magical working just to get me harnessed to
“That the famous Novak omega I hear ‘bout? Up in the turbine’s guts?”
“I nearly attacked him.” The words are low, dull, spoken to the log broken over the firedogs.
Of course the Winchester betas go out and bring back weaned babies born of alphas from all over the Concordat and beyond, and strays wander in regularly to see if they’ll fit. Single-alpha packs, still roaming parts of the Midwest and constantly under pressure, tend to churn out kids at a faster rate than they can feed them, and they often drop them off at a Concordat pack in the hopes they’ll have a better life, that also makes up the numbers. But it’s still a constant struggle just to keep their population stable, and one hard winter or epidemic could see their numbers plummet just like that.
“Still not caring, get to the part where you summoned me here.”
these things, if only to keep them honest. It is also a good introduction to the similar duties of running a kingdom. Now go get out of your school clothes and into-”
“And then, while I can barely walk - or I’m pregnant up to the gills - I have to go and make sure you lot don’t run us into the ground!”
Who do you think you are, to talk about your betters like that? You’re a hired sword - one who’s gone way too far! You need to go and beg the forgiveness of Lady Lutecia this instant, and if she grants it-”
doesn’t want to hear it confirmed to Sam, who will react the same way he had with Jesse Turner.
“I have sought help over the years, of course. But this forest is vast, and I have seen nary a soul near my lake for a very long time.”
“Yes, I’m uninjured.”
...Leah was part of the library squad, maintaining the few Old World books humanity had been allowed to keep, and cataloging the new ones. She was good people. Dean hoped it worked out for her. Oh, the Machine did get it right on the soulmate shtick. When that rainbow poured out, its targets were certainly compatible. Eerily so.
“Just for a bit, for a bit,” Dean hastily reassures them. “You see - guess she didn’t tell you yet, but they’re leaving next week to join the baby train.”
“I’ll be just a minute,” Castiel said.
Cas, every inch his usual cool self, walks without looking left or right straight through Maker camp with his blankets, his book and his bag, passes out the far gate (a hundred bystanders trail him at a distance they must think is discrete) and heads, of all places, to the stray beta bunkroom. Well, there’s free beds there, sure, but… isn’t that still an odd choice? Why there, and not some cabin in Makers? There’s usually a couple of empty ones around, or else he could bunk with someone until the quartermaster sorts him out. Wait. Did some motherfucking Maker beta already try to put the moves on Cas unwanted?! So bad that Cas is scared?! Dean is gonna KILL SOMEONE!!
“I really have no idea,” said Colt carefully. He still had a survival instinct back then, and he’d just re-evaluated the danger he was apparently in.
Luke’s features take on this expression of pride that Dean thinks is the underpinning of the motherfucker’s entire personality. “Our base instincts can be overridden. It’s not easy, but neither is it hard. It’s just an effort that those rolling in the muck of this primitive world can’t be bothered to provide. But this much is already possible.” He spreads out his arms as if inviting them to admire him. “Focus. Concentration. Dialectical and cognitive therapy. I elaborated the treatment myself, and I’ve been applying it for four years now.”
“Don’t just sit there! Do something!” Charlie hollers, panic in every word.
Winchester pack boasts around five hundred members, it’s quite self sufficient. They can manage their own food supply of course, and in addition their large territory covers hills with small iron and copper deposits, a clay pit, a quarry, some old wind-powered oil pumps that still work and bring up enough of the black crap for kerosene, caulking and the like. And then they have solid trade routes going with other packs in the Concordat to barter for what they lack: tin and lead, sulfur and salt and such. In sum, lone traders like this are not a survival imperative. But they are still useful; they bring little pleasures such as gewgaws and new seedlings, sugar and pepper, sachets of spices you can’t get around here, and news, of course. However, they can also bring disease. That’s why they don’t set foot in the camp, they stay at the roadhouse, and the guards there work on a quarantine rotation just to be safe. It’s been that way since Henry’s days as alpha, and it works. That sickness that took out most of Farango pack and a hella lot of people south of them? Didn’t make it here. Neither does the other kind of plague, the one that comes bearing guns and bad intentions. The Men of Letters Concordat have their radio network for that, their intangible net that keeps their packs in touch and communicating despite the distance between them. Dean, as deputy, is well placed to know that this dude Crowley is not on the Expected Guest list coming from any other pack within a month’s march.
“Dean, eyes front.”
Given permission by Dean’s reluctant nod, Cas takes a deep breath.
Dean knew he was going to die, but he was going to go down swinging. John Winchester would expect nothing less.
“Very well. I’ll go with you.”
found it?”
“Hi, you’ve reached Winches-”
Cas gave Dean a frowny look. “I fly better than you do, you’re always asking me to carry you when we travel, how am I an impediment to your mobility? It should be-... oh, an expression.”
“Have you actually seen him change shape?” probes Sam. “Second hand accounts are often mangled, especially by cowards who’ve had their behinds handed to them.”
Prince Dean, it seems, is rather adept at not spotting a fairytale romance and missing the point…
“Can you really say that?” Sam asked, speaking with the concentration of a very crocked scholar. “Can you really say fire won’t spring twice from a dead hearth?”
Crowley’s composure pops like a soap bubble. “Huh?! Why do you ask?”
Castiel had never been any good at spinning persuasive arguments. Angels in general were not very good orators. Orders were orders, you did not have to make poetry out of it. But seeing Balthazar tonight had brought home just how very, very bad Castiel was at it in particular. But God had chosen Castiel, not Balthazar, for this union between man and angel. It wasn’t to the others he talked, even though he’d requested their attention, it was Dean, his partner, his soulmate, that he addressed.
“So, Dean… you’re not quite, ah, what I expected.”
Dean blinked- he was staring at a tan duster.
From the very beginning, he has never wished for the burden of Dean’s gratitude. Now that they’re so close, share a bond so strong and real, he would never want things to change between them. So… why did he stop Dean? Why didn’t he just let the king trot out that single secret word -
“Akobel?” Cas asked sharply.
Rowena stirs. She’s reassembled her mask, though it’s somewhat in tatters. She eyes him keenly.
Dean was fast asleep again, and he must be dreaming of something other than Castiel’s tossing and turning last night from the contented way he was smirking into his pillow… Castiel decided to let the king sleep in for as long as he could afford to. He’d brave Crowley’s ire about the soufflés being ruined as well as heavy, and then he’d have the guilty pleasure of waking his husband a second time.
“Does she ever? Did you want to go pick it up today? I can probably go in a few hours, I just need to finish this procedural document first.”
“But-”
“But why is she...” Castiel started to make a vague gesture, then flinched and brought his hand to his head. He looked like he had a sudden headache.
The man’s eyes leap to the door, and even over the distance of the tidy front yard and picket fence, Castiel can see the eyebrows go up. “Wide open. Did something bust in?”
“Oh, oh, oh!” wailed one of the maids, getting a distracted glare from Ellen. “He was always so polite, our good prince! So good to us, so proper! Never yelled, never beat us- oh!” Her wails were picked up by the others. Through the theatrics and adder’s tears, some of the worry and regret seemed surprisingly genuine...
The smirks vanish.
“Christ, what a mess. Sorry Cas.” The place is a long-dead carcass; relics of bookshelves stand like bone shards, the glass-less windows empty eye sockets in the bleached skull that is the round room, a dried crusty carpet of dead leaves and mulch what is left of the books that were once here, all pulped and mushed, desiccated remains.
“You want to leave now?”
Not that the Mark is fading, of course. Dean’s just getting tan. There’s no way the fucking thing will pull a Houdini. The universe doesn’t work that way. Not for Dean. He knows this. And yet.
“So he’s pulled an old testament Joshuah on us. He’s kind of dumb. All he’s done is announce loud and clear that some shit is going down hard. The nutjobs of the Word will be on the lookout , but we know where they live, and they’ll stay nice and tight indoors as ordered. The others? They’ll be hiding under their beds.”
“Of course, of course. The rift we needed to create with his grace is built. It’s one-way at present, but it can be reversed. Um, but only once we do the weakening spell.” Crowley tossed back another glass of booze. “You see, Michael’s presence is de facto strengthening the spheres.” Dean saw Cas nod ever so faintly, this apparently made sense. “But using blood magic - your blood, his vessel’s blood - we can pry the tosser loose from his control, even if just for a few minutes, and then we can slingshot you back using a modification of the same spell that brought you here, the one set up by my envoys.”
nothing and yet... like a will o’ the wisp, the idea was there now, beckoning a way forward, and the very thought made him feel like he was spitting on his father’s grave.
The footsteps from the woods have stopped. Dean cannot see the enemy, they're under cover of the trees, but he can feel their intent. They’re not shooting, though. They don’t think they need to.
“No, but-”
That got him a firm and immediate, "Agreed." Dean remembered his new hubby had not seemed all that keen to have the Word involved last night either.
Cas’s puzzled look faded to one of understanding. “I want to, Dean,” he said softly, earnestly, “but I know this- this entity is the Joker...”
“A- ah! H-hold me!”
Three quick tugs on the covers rumpled up his pristine bed. It bothered him to let the servants know he'd shared Dean’s bed last night. The drudges in this castle gossiped enough already. He shared Dean's bed most nights, as it were, to have Dean use him delightfully before they slept, or sometimes just to go straight to sleep together after a busy day. Creeping quietly through their connecting rooms back to his own suite by candlelight had become part of the pre-dawn ritual that preceded the rooster and the knock on the door. Dean had told him several times to stay where he was, the staff's chitchatting be damned, but Castiel didn't want the servants waking the king when they came looking for the prince consort to sort out the inevitable problems that came with running a castle. Speaking of which… Castiel adjusted his surcoat and went to see what fresh flavor of worriment the new day had thought fit to bring.
“... Is there a reason I can’t kill this dude?” Dean asked, gripping the demon knife.
“Yeah.”
“...You know me?”
But this last section made no sense whatsoever. Three days since they’d left Annael’s resting place and they’d gone northwest, straight as an arrow, with no railroad markings or safe havens whatsoever. As he walked, Dean looked around the unwelcoming landscape. The countryside had changed dramatically only a few hours after leaving the shade of the grace-born oak. They were traveling through dry plains, rocks, gullies, arroyos, scraggly bushes, Joshuah trees rearing up like damned souls clawing their way up from the Pit, everything dry and dusty and depressing. Why were they all the way out here? Nobody would live around abouts-
“How?!”
With a sigh, Castiel tears himself away and gets to his feet. Dean will be alright now, but by the sound of the rising brouhaha outside, there’s still work to be done. Castiel would prefer to stay here and watch Dean recover fully, but it’s his duty to help humans and kill demons, and he’s never been one to shirk. He marches grudgingly towards the door, steps over a couple of bodies, gestures at a demon rushing towards him, smiting the evil creature where it stands-
Cas was silent for a short spell, a very
Castiel did not know what was more troubling. That there was a human resistance - against
“Most of them died accomplishing this. Mary Campbell died. Azazel killed her with his own hands - and she shouldn’t have been there in the first place, she should have been at home with her family.” Castiel’s eyes never left the two lines added to the original decree, the repeal that would keep Dean safe, the earlier modification that had doomed his mother. “We took a shortcut, Balthazar. We broke a rule and bypassed one of the Machine’s decrees. And now we’re paying the price. We’re only just discovering, as we’re looking into this family, the damage John Winchester did to us over the years in the resistance. His family, his friends, they are all ripple effects from that one bad decision.”
The two of them catch each other’s eye over their beers and start to snicker.
for interrogation?
“I don’t know.”
“A nanny,” sniffs Rufus, nostrils flared and old eyes narrowed as he walks along. They’re almost to alpha’s house.
“People ‘ve died to defend it. Yup.”
“Okay.” Dean shouldered the pack he and Bobby had prepared. Bobby looked almost his age tonight, worry he would not admit to carving his cheeks and taking the light out of his eyes.
Dean’s mouth goes dry. The immediate reaction of ‘aaaaahgetitout!’ and the horror around the birth of this creature abruptly give way to ‘yeah, and then there’s the next few decades to worry about.’ The sheer huge
endurance here? His mighty angel was still hard as an oak within him, while Dean had just turned to boneless soup ready to trickle off Cas’s lap - or he would have, but Cas had leaned back another inch or two, holding an impossible angle that would make a human’s stomach muscles tie themselves into knots, if his spine didn’t do so first, all so he could cradle Dean, hold him safe and keep the sweat-bedraggled limp rag of a human husband from sliding off onto the floor. Dean lifted his head and focused his eyes…
“That’s right.”
“I hadn't noticed,” Castiel admits. “After so long, the light of your soul blinded me.”
Castiel runs that rambling disjointed speech through his perfect memory and concludes that the movies got the “I love you too” right as well, albeit a very human, very Dean version of the words. When Castiel catches Metatron again, he’ll be sure to thank the little vermin for all his useful information before putting him back in jail for the next eternity.
“So, um, dad, you know there’s been tension in my pack. Not too much for me - except from idiots - but for Cas.”
“No!” Cas snaps, and this time his shove at Dean’s chest is for real, splitting them apart. Then he groans and rubs his face. “Sorry, sorry, but don’t-... I’m really not there yet. Sex is not the solution to every problem, Dean.”
A Lantern at the corner of Adirondack and Union squealed to life, and Dean saw himself and the angel appear in it, saw his own expression. This...
Castiel looked at him calmly.
The look of surprise that got him, and the faint release of tension in Dean’s shoulders, hopefully meant he’d chosen the right approach.
“How about adultery then?” Dean asked. This was not in the spirit of the game up to now, it was only the lighter or sillier decrees they’d been tossing around. Dean had learned that the Sabbath (whether Sunday or Saturday or Friday depended on the region, apparently) was human-made, so was mandatory temple attendance and the notion of decency of dress. While the kibosh on building clockwork innovations, eating meat, boozing, caffeine and commerce was all angel.
“Do it quick, Cas, I want to get back to the others before evening, okay? Two more hours.”
The answer seems to surprise the armed man. “The king?”
“The trap in my head. It’s locked in place by the person who put it in, so it can only have one key- but Samuel, you’re the final linchpin, in a way. You’ll have a skeleton key, won’t you? In case of emergencies?”
“Cas.” The words drag out, heavy as chains. “Cas. Don’t. You might think it's your duty-”
”...Many.”
Honeymoon's over, boys... get your walking boots on.
“Shouldn’t have,” Colt mulled in the sudden silence. “But he was going after Azazel. So... at least I gave him a chance.”
Cas’s bro looks Dean over at last, a hell of a lot less warmly. Dean can see it in those eyes: the intelligence Cas told him about, the coldness and superiority Cas didn’t mention or was ignorant of.
“Seriously?!” Dean blurted out, almost falling off the front porch.
His accent is odd, his voice nasal with something like little deranged sing-song notes threaded through.
, more than Gabe and his shirking, or Colt and his tragedy-ridden guilt, or even Dean himself, the angry guy who just couldn’t stop fighting, couldn’t- couldn’t try to reach out-...
The brunette blinks up at Cas. She opens her perfect mouth-
Dean gasped - the bastard had materialized right in front of him! Poking a finger hard in his chest.
“Good.” Dean relaxed and rolled his shoulders. “Into the jaws of the wolf, hm?”
His hands drift down to where Dean is doing something truly delectable with his tongue and fingers. Then his lover surges forward, urgent, demanding, desperate for refuge inside of him. Castiel wraps him in his arms and encourages him, holding him fast.
“The Promised Land was a place we would tell tales about. At night. When-... when it wasn’t possible to sleep. In the Promised Land, we’d no longer be bought and sold. We’d no longer be flayed. Hobbled. Raped. Killed. Punished for the smallest reason. Or no reason. We wouldn’t be worked to death no more. We could have all the food we could eat. We wouldn’t see our parents die of old age, broke-back and bent at thirty. If we saw them die at all, if we weren’t taken-... there’s times even now... There’s times I think I’m asleep in- that I’m asleep and dreaming all this.”
They released a badger in the classroom!”
“No, he told me it's too easy for angels to find demons even behind wards, and his presence would make us targets,” Pudding put in.
The rest of the large room has been transformed into living quarters slash library: A four poster bed is made up neatly and piled high with pillows and eiderdowns, while next to it, rows upon rows of books sit in precarious stacks. Above the books, set into stone, are slates of different sizes full of scribbles that look like geometry clashing with ancient writing, which Dean cannot begin to make out. There's also a chemistry table nearby, an assortment of alembics and distillers much cleaner than the few dishes present, and various plants and herbs growing in a planter in a patch of sunlight. Dean recognizes sage and belladonna by force of habit, as well as a sprout of those god-forsaken and twice damned thorny vines from outside, though this particular cutting doesn’t seem to want to crawl over and kill him.
No, wait, it wasn’t his vision. The- the room was shaking.
Dean stops abruptly beyond the entrance to the library, his expression near unreadable.
“Yeah, like that’s never happened before.”
“Coffee can’t damage you.”
“Uh...good?” Dean hazards.
Oh, right; he hadn’t noticed. Dean shrugs and resumes brushing, making sure the humming is extra loud and obnoxious. This gets the requisite sour puss from his brother’s reflection in the mirror.
across the Wilds with anxiety for his brother dogging his every step. It was amazing that he’d held out so well so far, a testament to his resilience and the physique he’d cultivated during the war, but Castiel knew, deep within his being, that Dean was clinging on desperately to his calm. And this note may have pushed him over the edge.
...Dean looks down and catches his right hand in the act of pawing at his chest through his coat and three layers of shirts. “Uh, uh, too busy for a bath, I guess. Maybe when we get to- uh, maybe later.” Vic’s cab-
Castiel leaps forward to keep the demon off balance and to put just a few more inches between him and the other two attackers. His blade darts out. If he can just take one more out of the fight-
Cas stopped. They were halfway down a corridor ending in a four way junction by the looks of it. Voices, loud, abrupt and in mid-argument, suggested someone had just opened a door into a hallway at right angle to this one.
while a too young Dean, trying to be both mom and dad to Sammy, shielding him from everything, offers words that are too kind, too untrue,
“Sounds like a real headache of a job. Sign me up,” Dean said, obviously coming to the same conclusion.
Dean can’t remember sunlight anymore, but he’s pretty sure this light has nothing to do with it. This light is a solid thing, an entity in its own right; it tears through Hell, guts it raw and bleeding, blows open Alastair’s dungeon like a rotten corpse full of maggots that writhe and scream and turn to ash. Dean - Dean is still alive, but only for a few seconds now surely, even the soul he’d been torturing has finally met a mercy that it had no right to expect down here, and the Light roils forward, burning all in its path, heading straight towards Dean.
“Ellen insisted,” Bobby answered from his armchair, looking a trifle disgruntled. “Because he came to help us the other day. Not that we needed help,” he added just a little louder.
Evil magic is at work. That’s why the throne room suddenly contracts and turns into a dark space full of shadows, sharp edges and twisted corners where that last word - that word that should never be said, not by Dean, not like this - that word echoes around endlessly. Around and around and around and around-
Dean strides through the big house’s front parlor. Like Vic’s house, it looks different today; it’s a large room where an alpha can have mediated meetings with members of other packs, and that means it’s gone from ‘place I walk through to get to dad’s office’ to ‘place I have the authority to use to conduct inter-pack business and shit’. Has it always had this many chairs…? Dean tries to picture himself at the head of the table there, like he’s seen Vic a couple of times, and he can’t really do it. But it’ll come to that sooner or later, now that he’s alpha. Yup, he’s alpha...
“...The details of your supposed savior just keep getting more and more elaborate.”
“Well yes.” Cas looks a little flustered and then shares a rueful half-smile with Dean. Cas gets like that, and he knows it; so up in the theory of stuff, so to speak, that he forgets that it’s all about real stuff too, real people in real packs with the real scent of working bodies, manure and dogshit floating up whenever the breeze shifts, catching the turbine above their heads as it thrums into life, ready for duty.
Dean decides not to pick up the gauntlet. He’s feeling bone tired these days.
“Dean… how hard did you hit your head?”
In her spot wedged between the door and the fireplace, Ginny, sleeping on her back with her legs in the air like she just don’t care, gives a sudden sonorous snore and flops over on her side without waking up. Watching the snoozing dog puts ten pounds of tiredness into Dean’s drooping eyelids. He carefully wraps up the book again, making sure everything is in place, and turns the knob of the lantern. He’s asleep before the flame even gutters out.
Fucking angels.
Dean’s voice is steadfast. “Lydia, Pah, keep your aim on the others on the island.”
“We’ll find him, Dean,” Cas said softly, not taking the reprimand for anything beyond badly expressed worry (unlike Samuel, who spent the next ten boring minutes of climbing down stairs and across cavernous spaces muttering about the young generation of spoiled rude Paradisers.)
He’s still chewing over the thought two minutes later when, through the large bay window, he sees a black van pull up to the curb. A winchester rifle painted on the side points a bullseye at a cartoon rat above the zooming words “Winchester Bro Pest Control - You got it, we hunt it!”
He addresses the others without looking away. “Everyone, listen. Betas are never at their best fighting alphas.”
“Tonight?” Dean asks through a mouth suddenly dry.
Benny seems to mull that over in his slow, sure way.
“I’ve had years of living with this,” Dean points out, refusing to let go.
“Ah, sir? Mister angel, sir? Ah, thank ye!”
and this is what Dean is
As an angel, Castiel could see effortlessly into the multi-dimensional; in fact it took rather a bit of concentration at times to remember how humans saw the world. So he could see the Garden, spreading out forever around them, and he could see the nearby edge of the Sphere cutting that ‘forever’ in half, the doorstep to Heaven. He could see the beautiful, unsullied world born from the heart of their Father, and he could also see the small metal dome they were locked into and which someone was currently beating with a large hammer.
“What are you doing here?” Castiel asked sharply.
“I was speculating whether our hermaphroditism was an accident or intentionally created by the people who released the genoforming virus. What do you think?”
The creature approaches without haste, now assured of an easy victory, weapon held low in dismissive position. Maybe he’ll just boot Dean out through the door. Or perhaps through an open window. Or maybe-
“...That’s it. I’m done.”
The question seemed to intrigue Dean. “I dunno. Aren’t you bored though?”
Dean stops, looks at Garth, perplexed. “Sure, why?”
“Oh, now of all times is when I get to hear you sound regal?” comes a familiar grumble. “At the Holy Roman conclave last year, you were speaking like a sailor on shore leave.”
Chuck turned to face him fully, looking a little exasperated. “So? Shall we keep it the same, then? Make up your mind.”
Sariel was a scout and infiltrator during the apocalypse, he’d been on earth almost as long as Castiel, which made him difficult to track down. In that time, he must have formed a strong bond with a human. In much the same way Castiel has. The twinge in his mind becomes an acid burn, a cringing thought, ‘no wonder he fought so hard to stay here, to stay alive… I would have done the same…’
“Uh...” For thirty years, Michael had been Castiel’s better, his future ruler, his king and his terror. Dean was now Castiel’s new liege, but it would surely take a long time to forget the rigid rules bounding his childhood, or else his honest answer would have been: Oh goodness, yes, I once  nearly hung myself with the suet pudding strings just to get the banquet over with faster.
,” says Rowena. The endearment sounds like the chambering of a cartridge. “If you would simply simmer down-”
Dean nestled down. High, very high above and some distance away was a faint crack of lightning. A hand rubbed gentle circles on his shoulder. The cool wind on his face and the sound of rain overhead rocked him to sleep.
Maurice had looked up curiously from his page when he’d heard Dean’s greeting derail and end up in a ditch. He nearly dropped whatever it was he’d been reading when he saw Dean’s shadow.
It leads to the warlock’s lair. Sunshine spills through large windows into what was once a large dining hall for the guards and officers. Only one table remains, with a bowl of what looks like soup. The rest of the furniture was probably busted up to use as fuel for the fireplace off to one side, in what used to be a pantry for storing wine and platters, dishing up food sent from the outside kitchens, and keeping it warm until ready to serve.
“I was by myself until now, but your arrival gives us new means.” He shoots Dean a pointed look.
“There you go. Here, help me tie this.”
“Yeah, that’s what’s so funny about all this.”
... Worse though... what if orders never came? What if the Joker was as perplexed and lost as Dean, Cas, the entire Host and everybody else? What if the order, or the lack thereof, was: do this the soft sell way, try to convince Castiel, soldier of the Lord, to see the human point of view.
A half hour later, the ‘train’ was ready to depart, bar a few last minute details. There was a strange absence of celestial activity outside. Were they really waiting for Dean to surrender? That’d be unexpectedly dumb and awesome.
The beta bunkroom is a shack, empty at present, with a small oven, a rickety table and two sets of bunk beds reserved for strays who come in and want to see where they fit. It’s right behind John and Kate’s house, its door can be seen from John’s bedroom window; beta strays are always potential problems, the alphas need to assess them, keep an eye on them, and John and Kate’s sheer presence and scent can keep the peace if one of them has a screw loose. Cas walks in with his blankets and shuts the door with a firm clack, locking out the curious Winchester pack which finally, after half an hour of fruitless milling around, goes collectively back to its business.
“I didn’t say that!” Sam’s eyes are wide again as he makes quick ‘whoa!’ gestures in their direction. “Dean, I’m glad for you guys! This is great, this-”
“All good then. Welcome aboard.”
Next Chapter: You Had Me Before Hello
- it just makes the head fucking spin, ‘scuse my language.”
Dean doesn’t know how Cas knows. All the doors and some of the walls have plaques with words on them, but they’re faded, brittle, cracked, and written with weird rounded letters that’s a far cry from the simple alphabet Dean learned on blackboards and hand-held slates in school. Cas seems to be able to read them, though, he brushes each plastic sign screwed onto a door or wall as if they’re old friends he’s meeting again. One of those signs lights him up like a bonfire and he throws himself at the doors - only to bounce off, rubbing a bruised arm.
~~~ * ~~~
“Oh, the green eyed monster tactic.”
“No, fortunately. When the electricity went off, all the deep freezers stopped working. The fifty strains of ugly death they kept there will have rotten decades ago. There’ll be a lot of knowledge accumulated in their filerooms…” A flicker of regret on Castiel’s face firms into resolve and he turns his back on the rider climbing the ridge once more. “Knowledge that will serve nothing without the Old World tools to use it, or the building blocks with which to begin. But if Luke-... if Lucifer wants to spend his life digging through all that, it’s better than other things he could be doing. Come on, let’s get back, we need to get Victor back home.”
“Look, start from the beginning. You two have the same mother, so… who’s your dad? You get your magic from him?”
“Good, good, go ahead and light the flame, my boy,” said Crowley genially, indicating a small teepee of wood, bones, feathers and other odds and ends a foot away from the portal. Panic crouched down and started scratching a match with large gestures. “Once that’s going, Dean, my good friend, if you could let three drops of blood fall on that cat’s skull - that’s right, the one right at the top there. The smoke will turn white, at which point the magic will trigger, Michael will lose control of his vessel, the spheres will weaken, and I’ll get the reversed portal open before leaving with my two men here to join the argy bargy at the angels’ headquarters. Everyone ready?”
“...Yeah, see what you mean…” Dean can’t take his eyes off the small face and every minute flicker crossing it. It’s just- the kid’s so tiny but he’s a person, with actual- actual feelings and shit, and he’s going to grow into a- a toddler and then a
Gabe sucked his candy and looked impressed. “Gotta hand it to Dad. Even with both hands tied behind his back, He can still do His magic. One hell of a protector you got assigned, right, kid?”
Late in the evening on the second day, he hears the bunker door open. Well known footsteps brush across concrete, metal stairs, hardwood floor. A jacket gets tossed on a chair, the ch-chink of a gun being checked and put down on an antique side table.
Castiel sees the knowledge in his eyes, the despair, as the human realizes he can’t reach them in time.
“I’m sure he’s fine,” says Castiel frostily.
Cas walks forward slowly, tossing his coat and muffler onto the chair’s back sight unseen, that unblinking stare still pinning Dean to the wall. He walks right up to the beta and plants a hand on the wall near Dean’s head with a gesture that is somehow both brash and tentative at once, like a young wolf still learning to pounce for play, but with a promise of something deadly serious in every line, every movement of lean muscle.
“...I don’t think he knows what she looks like.” The interjection is a little hesitant. “Wasn’t he blinded?”
“Oh, it’s fine, I know how my reappearance after such a long absence seems strange,” says Lutecia with a kindly smile at Dean which she then shares with Castiel. Her voice is light, it lilts like a songbird’s, it’d be quite pleasant in other circumstances. “I’ve already explained the circumstances to your liege and his councilors, but you were not there at the time, my good sir. Yes, I was in Lawrence during that fateful spring of 1226, I had just arrived that day in the allied camp with a small contingent from Raspail to offer our assistance, paltry as it was, I with my healing skills, while my guardsmen were to join the army. But then the attack… so horrible…” Her expression clouds over, sorrow pales her cheeks, her hands flutter to her chest and clasp as if in prayer. “So many dead… but I found his majesty just in time. The good Lord himself guided my steps to that fortification, that is the only explanation. But healing the damage that the spawns of Satan had inflicted… it used up all my magic and nearly cost me my life. My faithful bodyguards had to remove me from the field, insensate.” Her graceful gesture takes in half a dozen men standing behind her. They’re in the more wearable and furniture-friendly hauberk mail rather than full plate, but the white surcoats mark them as more Crusaders. Their hands are on their swords and their eyes are on the one-time angel. Lutecia did not seem to mind Castiel’s questioning, but her men don’t seem particularly pleased.
Eileen beamed at him. She swapped her embroidery for the small wax tablet she kept in her girdle. It was the same trick they used in some monasteries enforcing the vow of silence, a brilliant way to get around her shortcomings. Eileen bent her elegant head and scribbled with the attached stylus:
Cas looks back, looks around, an internal struggle all over his face. Then: “Just… just one more minute, Dean. Please?”
“Huh?! What? What for?”
Recalling their talk Friday morning, he went with honest. “I think Jonah’s interpretation of the decrees might have been a bit over stringent,” he said, to compromise. “Improving Henry’s clock won’t put anything at risk. If you’re still concerned, I can ask the Machine specifically about it,” he added. “But only if you’re really worried. I wouldn’t be.”
“Why Sam?” he asked tightly.
“You slowpokes can’t keep up, is all,” Dean informs them loudly over his shoulder, and oh, look, there’s the last hill up ahead, they’re at least an hour ahead of schedule, fancy that…
“Yeah, don’t worry,” Charlie says, glancing at the back of his jacket. Robbie can mostly hold his own bottles now, has started on solids, and packs down a ton either way, but it can still come out the wrong end at times.  “Y’know, taking care of the munchkin - and you lot - well, you know.”
Eileen suddenly burst out into something like breathy laughter, and made a gesture that Castiel interpreted as ‘you should see your face!’ Then she turned the lid of the wooden container around and pointed out the engraved word ‘Medicinae’ on it.
“Yes, that’s perfectly fine.”
“I’ll show you where you’re staying Sammy.” Dean gets up, and Sam follows.
Sam turns to look at the former angel. “But where will you sleep?” He asks.
That gains a laugh from Cas and Dean.
“As long as you’re both okay with this,” Sam adds.
Sam agreed to help, and the three of them headed to the kitchen to set up.
Dean quickly glanced at Cas before walking over to greet his brother.
Dean makes spaghetti for dinner and Cas goes to bed soon after.
“Thanks, Cas. Goodnight.”
He waves as Sam drives away. Once the car is out of sight, he pulls out his phone to text Cas.
“No need to be sorry, we’re glad you’re here.”
When Cas woke up next at 11 am, Dean’s side of the bed was empty. The smell of bacon told him that Dean was in the kitchen. As predicted, the hunter was standing over the stove in only pajama pants, flipping a pancake with already cooked bacon to the side. Dean must have heard footsteps because he turned around as soon as Cas walked into the kitchen.
“I can sleep on the couch -”
“Okay, thank you, Dean,” Cas replied.
A few short hours later, Dean is in the lounge room watching tv. The front door opens and Cas calls out:
“Definitely. I’ll go to the store soon to get what we need.”
Sam and Cas say their goodbyes tonight because Cas will be at work when Sam goes.
Now, Castiel got a job at the local bookstore close to their apartment, and Dean was sort of like a stay-at-home boyfriend when he didn’t go on the occasional hunt with his brother.
For the first time, Sam will be staying at the newly furnished apartment for a few days, leaving Eileen and Jack at home. The days leading up to the visit went by quickly, and before they knew it, the day soon came.
“You owe me 20 bucks,” Eileen remarks.
“In the lounge room!’ Cas replied.
Castiel opened the door expecting Dean.
Dean smirks at Cas when Sam isn’t looking.
“I am,” Cas confirms.
Sam came barrelling back into the kitchen, now on Facetime with Eileen.
And of course, Dean said:
To Sam, this would just be a normal song, but to Cas, this was one of the songs on the mixtape Dean gave him.
“Uh well, it’s been over a year,” Dean answers looking to Cas.
They have a quick breakfast and set out to Sam’s car. Sam pulls Dean into a hug. “I hope you and Cas come over soon.”
A small “thanks” is mumbled in return and Cas heads straight for the coffee, pouring it in his favourite cup - that is covered in small bees. He doesn’t dare to speak until he has finished at least half his cup.
“I’ll see if I can get a movie for us to watch tonight as well.” He said, walking towards the door.
Sam, Dean and Cas treat the rest of the day as a lazy day. They eat the leftover pie from yesterday and play various board games, making it into a competition.
They sat down on the couch and made small talk for a while when the front door opened.
“Hey, Cas!” Sam greeted.
“Cas!” Dean yells out. Cas follows the voice and finds the brothers in the spare bedroom.
Footsteps are heard a few minutes later. A bleary-eyed Cas emerges from the bedroom in Dean’s robe. “Good timing Cas, I just finished making breakfast.” Sam smiles.
“Sure. Maybe we can make one for when Sam comes tomorrow.” Cas suggested.
“Hello, Sam.”
Since moving out of the bunker, Sam, Dean and Cas decided that every once in a while, they would visit each other for a couple of days since Sam still lived in the bunker with Eileen and Jack - while Cas and Dean moved a few towns over into a two-bedroom apartment.
“I knew it!”
“We definitely will,” Dean assures.
“Sorry, I was a bit early. I thought I would surprise you two,” Sam explained.
Cas was cleaning up around the house when he heard a knock at the door.
“Love you, honey.” Dean whispers and heads back to Sam.
That evening, the three boys start to watch the new Star Wars movie Dean bought earlier while eating the pizzas they ordered for dinner.
While the songs play, Dean dances around the kitchen using different objects as microphones. Cas is used to Dean doing this while cooking, but apparently, Sam isn’t judging by the confused expression on his face.
Dean adds another wink towards Cas.
Cas and Dean are cuddled up together in the early hours of Saturday morning, with Dean snoring away. When they first started sharing a bed, Cas soon got used to that sound and found comfort in it, knowing that he was safe.
“Cas? Come on babe.” Dean whispers now that Sam is out of sight. Cas makes a slight noise and cuddles into Dean more.
Jack’s voice can now be heard.
“Honey, I’m home!”
He reclaims his spot on the couch and Sam starts to flick through the channels on the tv. “Does Cas usually get that tired?” Sam asks, not looking away from the screen.
After the brothers talked for a while, Dean informed Sam they were going to make pie.
“Is it okay if Sam sleeps in your room while he’s here?” Making sure Sam doesn’t see, Dean winks.
Halfway into the movie, Cas’ eyes start to droop. And soon, he’s fallen asleep with his head on his boyfriend’s shoulder. Dean feels the weight and shifts to make them both comfortable. Sam watches them instead of the movie for a few minutes.
Sam came in for a hug that Cas returned. Cas moved from the door to let Sam inside, thankful that he had thought to change out of his pajamas.
“Can we make a pie?”
Sam and Dean clean up from dinner and soon head to bed themselves.
“Great. Thanks, Sammy.” Dean grins and starts making coffee for the three of them.
“Oh, almost forgot!” Dean exclaims.
Dean interrupts.
The couple loved their lives at the moment. They recently got an apartment together, and Dean has started the process of retiring from hunting. Now he was only going on the local hunts and leaving the rest for everyone back at the Bunker. His reason was that he was getting old and had young hunters to continue the legacy.
Sunday morning rolls around, and Dean wakes up to the smell of food. Careful not to wake the former angel, he leaves the bed and goes towards the kitchen.
A few more Led Zeppelin songs later, and the pies are ready. Dean sets the pies out to cool while Cas and Sam clean the space used. When finished, they all fall onto the couch.
Dean then slings his arm around Cas. “Great! Let’s go watch tv.”
First, they made the crust which Dean showed Sam what to do on one and let Sam do the other crust. They went through the steps, making the filling for the apple pie and afterwards letting it bake in the oven.
Sam and Dean start talking about the latest case Sam and Eileen encountered while Cas finishes the last of his coffee and looks ready for a second.
Sam says goodbye to his girlfriend and hangs up the phone.
When the credits start to roll, Sam gets up to throw away the pizza boxes while Dean wakes up his now human.
After being together for over a year, Dean and Cas have baked together a lot - mostly pie. But with Sam, this was his first time baking. While Dean explained the steps, Cas set out the ingredients for the two pies.
“Have a safe trip back, Sam.”
“Yeah, they have been together for a year!” Sam exclaims, making sure Eileen can read his lips.
A minute later…
“What?!” Dean almost shouts.
He gets dressed and heads out to the lounge room. Sam soon brings his packed bag out with him and greets Dean.
Dean wakes up the next morning to an empty bed. As he is starting to wake up, he hears the Impala drive away.
“Honey, I’m home!” Dean called out.
“Fine,” Cas grumbles and stands up slowly, heading to their room with Dean close behind. As soon as the bedroom door is closed, Cas starts to undress into just boxers and one of Dean’s band shirts, then flops into bed with Dean covering him up and kissing him on the forehead.
They heard Dean nearing the room they were in,
“Yeah. Well, now I can kiss you whenever I want.” Dean replies.
It has been two years since Castiel became human. Two years ago, he had the choice between being an angel or a human. He had chosen to experience everything that came with being a human - including emotions.
“No. You can sleep in my room. The couch isn’t very comfy to sleep on.”
Cas could be an early riser if he wanted to, but this morning he didn’t want to leave the warm bed. When asleep, Dean looked so peaceful. Cas stared at his boyfriend a moment more before looking at the clock on his side of the bed. Seeing that it was 8 in the morning, Cas soon went back to sleep.
“I have to tell Eileen!’ Sam rushes out to get his phone.
Sam nods. “It’s good that he has you here.” Only then does Sam quickly glance at his brother with a knowing smile.
When Dean was finished with breakfast, he went to get changed. Cas started cleaning everything Dean used for breakfast.
“You’re here until tomorrow, do you really want us to?” Dean smirks.
Once the movie finishes, they say goodnight and head into their rooms. Dean heads into his boyfriend’s arms.
“Why don’t we bake something?” Cas asked.
“Get a room, guys,” Sam remarks.
They were expecting Sam to get angry at them for not telling him, but it was quite the opposite.
While they waited, they put on music and the first song Dean chooses is Houses of the Holy by Led Zeppelin.
“Hey,” Sam greets. “Hope you don’t mind that I started breakfast. How do omelettes sound?”
Sam gave him a questioning look. He said to Sam that it was an inside joke between them. Sam nodded but looked as if he wasn’t convinced.
“Okay. Nevermind.”
Sam’s eyes dart between the couple and he asks: “When did this happen?”
Seeing Sam’s reaction, Dean asks, “What?”
“Cas, let’s get you to bed.” He squeezes Cas’ hand and tries to sit up. Cas groans at Dean moving. Then, blue eyes peer up at Dean as Sam walks back to the couch.
For a few moments, they stare at each other as if they are reading the other’s mind.
"No, what is it?" Sam's face grew suspicious. "She mentioned something about things
doing the case? It's not like we've got anything to lose."
Sam only shook his head. "You got me. It doesn't make any sense."
was how Castiel saw him? Dean had never had a high opinion of himself. In fact, he had hated himself for much of his life. He had even considered himself rotten at times, as though there was something inside that couldn't be healed. But Castiel's impression of him, the way he perceived Dean, was astounding.
"I didn't."
His nose brushed the woman's neck and he inhaled deeply. The woman stood up suddenly and grabbed Castiel's hair. She tilted his head back and bared her teeth ready to bite.
handed Sam and Dean one each.
"Are you doing well in school Daniel?" asked Sam gently.
"I know."
Dean took a minute to process that. "Wow, Cas, that's a real compliment. I've never felt so sexy." For the briefest moment, Dean was surprised to find he was flirting with Castiel. He straightened up as if that would take the flirt out of his posture. He then began to subconsciously worry if he had unknowingly flirted with Castiel before. "What do you look at then?"
"I'm good, just talking to Sam about your boyfriend," she said with a grin. "It's your birthday next week, isn't it? How old will you be?"
The woman laughed. "Sure. Go ahead." she said confidently. "Something tells me that if he hasn't done it yet, he's not going to now."
Dean was surprised he hadn't been expelled. What else had he subjected his unwitting teacher to?
"Cas, you have to be attracted to someone to want to, you know," he waved his hand.
Dean slipped the tip of his cock into Castiel's ass. Despite his previous urgency, Dean was slow as he did this. He pushed his dick in so slowly that Castiel felt himself stretch around every inch. Castiel panted against the table's surface, his breath condensing against the wood.
"Nothing much," was Sam's response.
"Er... The waitress said you guys left without paying so I figured you'd come back here and, uh,
Anger flared up inside him. "No! Not with Cas!" Dean groaned. "Man, you've got no idea...I can't even...I don't know what's going on here, Sam!
Dean groaned but Castiel hadn't finished. "I love when you kiss my forehead, and how safe you make me feel. I love that you like Dr Sexy, and the old rock music you listen to, and the way you laugh at yourself when you make a bad joke. I love your smell, and how excited you get about apple pie. I can usually smell it on you. The apples... and the cinnamon. It makes me happy."
"You’ve been--?! Dude, you can't do that," said Dean.
"Dean. . . what the hell," whispered a voice to his left. It was Sam. His wide eyes stared at the boy on the bed then at Dean.
"You know..." he waved a hand. "Horny. So... freakin'... horny."
of stars. Patches of pink and gold bled into adjacent colours like paint soaking into paper.  Spirals of distant galaxies could be seen beyond the broad curves of planets, sitting godlike in the inky depths of the sky. Comets fell, burning up in the atmosphere. The enormous spread of the heavens, deeper than any ocean, carried more in it that Dean was able to absorb. Every section of the sky held something different, something beautiful and celestial. It was intimidating, awe-inspiring. Dean couldn't think of words to describe it. He couldn't think of anything to say. He was mesmerised.
He slipped a shirt over his head and Castiel mourned the loss of his wonderful scent. It was overridden by the nose-twitching-smell of laundry detergent instead.
Flabbergasted, Dean turned to Castiel and Sam. He muttered for their ears only, "Are we dealing with another Jesse Turner here?"
Dean peered up at the terraced house that looked as though it was being squashed between the other houses. "Why is everything in England so damn small?"
"You know!" whispered Daniel. "He loves you."
Castiel didn't answer. His cheeks
"Candy?" said Dean.
Later that evening, when Dean asked him what he'd found, Sam sighed. He turned his laptop so both Dean and Castiel could see the screen. "
"How do you know I'm talking about you? Wow, Dean, you really walk into them don't you?"
Castiel caught the scent of something on the wooden counter. He lowered his face to it, sniffing intently. It smelled like lavender... or a herb of some kind.
"Who the hell are you?" said Dean, his hand attempted to jump to a gun he didn't have.
"How about a fuck?" said Dean.
"Dean?" said Castiel. "Shall we go?"
Kay raised a brow.
Taking a minute to quell his growing anger, Dean said, "Look, can't you
Dean jerked backwards, his eyes wide in shock. "You're...?!" He yanked his hands out of Castiel's pants and looked at the clear fluid on his fingers. "You're an omega?!" exclaimed Dean. "How is that even possible? I can't smell your slick or anything. I can't smell your wolf. How?!"
Castiel was sitting across from Dean. They had made it to the Nuthatch, while Sam roamed the beach, and had ordered food. Alt
Slowly, with the tip of his finger, Dean touched the back of Castiel's hand. He heard Castiel's quick intake of breath. Dean's heart was trying to hammer its way out of his chest. His fingertips travelled further up Castiel's hand to this wrist which Dean noticed was slender. Still, Castiel didn't move.
"You, uh, enjoying that, Cas?" asked Sam around a laugh.
Castiel gave him that he had acknowledged Dean's touch for he hadn't moved at all.
"Come on," said Dean. There was adrenaline in his veins. His blood was pumping fast as though he had just been hunting. "Let's see what Sam's got."
pleasant as it had been to Castiel. "It's so nice to see you again."
took Sam's sweater and tied it around his waist. The sweater would help with Castiel's scent too as well as hiding wet patches. "Thank you," he said to Dean and Sam.
Castiel splashed water over his face and neck. He gripped the sink with both hands panting. "Control yourself," he said. "Get a grip."
Dean nodded. "I'm gonna get something to eat. Do you want anything?"
"You smell familiar," said Castiel.
"I don't care," said Dean and he kissed Castiel.
Dean's hips stuttered and he shouted out as he came. He grabbed Castiel around the waist and backed up, pulling Castiel to the floor with him. Sitting in Dean's lap, his dick softening but still in his ass, Dean pulled him tight against his chest. Castiel's dick was still painfully hard. Dean licked Castiel's neck and murmured, "make yourself come." He guided Castiel's hand to dick and Castiel wrapped his fist around it stroking immediately, desperate to come.
"Yeah. Or in this case a Milky Way," said Sam.
he's one of the good guys," explained Sam.
His gut told him it wouldn't be a good idea to lean down and sniff. However, curiosity got the better of him. He was sure he recognised the smell from somewhere but couldn't remember where he had smelled it. Without thinking he leaned down. Vaguely, somewhere behind him, he heard a clatter and voices.
make the shirt vanish?"
"Sorry? Are you kidding?" Dean closed the space between them.
"Dean!" breathed Castiel, knowing how close he was. Dean's fingers, soft as butterfly wings, stroked up and down Castiel's thighs. "Dean, please," begged Castiel.
"What if..." he began. He licked his lips,
Dean turned his face to the sky and gasped.
. "I freakin' knew it. Do it, kiss me..." Castiel ducked, moving down Dean's body, to bring his lips to Dean's hip. Castiel's breath tickled Dean's stomach and his lips caressed his hypersensitive skin. Castiel's tongue
Dean crouched down and Daniel whispered in his ear. "Are you going to speak to Castiel?"
. Sam
"It's rare. Some werewolves are unable to change form. I have a wolf but I'm unable to change shape. I've tried thousands of times. I can't do it. I have some wolf attributes like a heightened sense of smell and hearing, rapid healing and. . . I'm an omega," said Castiel. "But my wolf smell isn't there."
contain his glee.
"Oh for - Cas can't you
tight hotpants.
On the pretence of needing the toilet, Dean did a perfunctory sweep of the house but there was nothing suspicious to be found.
Dean was the alpha of the Winchester pack, the largest wolf pack in town.
Castiel's thumb rubbed gentle circles over Dean's palm in the same motion Dean had used on Castiel. They stared at each other. Castiel's eyes were much softer than he had seen before.
Dean looked at Sam. "
Dean rolled his eyes. "Priorities," he muttered but he was smiling.
"Twenty," replied Castiel. He had first caught Dean's attention a year ago. Dean was five years older than Castiel and everything an alpha should be... except he hadn't bitten him. This left Castiel wondering sometimes, particularly when he was alone if Dean thought Castiel was an inadequate mate. It made him sad.
Dean weighed her up, weighed her threat, and decided to knock it down a notch. At least until he knew what he was dealing with. "What's in it for you?"
tasty. Her eyes popped open again, and she gave him a piercing glare. "But if you think I did all that so you could disrespect me then you are
"Uh..." began Sam. "It's ok Mathew, um, why don't you show my friend here, Castiel, your toys? We'll just... We'll be back in a minute."
"Of course I am," exclaimed Dean. "I'm in bed with a woman every night."
"Do you want to tell me what you think you're doing?" growled Dean.
"I didn't insult myself. It's an honest question," replied Dean defensively.
"I'm trying to figure it out,
gonna become your dancing monkeys
His fingers grazed the button of his jeans. The temptation to touch himself, relieve the ache inside him was almost too much to bear. He wasn't very
He was not a vampire (he didn't have fangs), a ghost (salt did nothing), or a werewolf (he didn't change on a full moon). He was something else.
. "Mini milks!" she declared and
"Did you notice anything unusual, in the days leading up to Jimmy's disappearance?" asked Sam, his brow furrowed.
The woman raised her hand and curled her finger at Castiel, indicating he should go over to her. All of a sudden he found himself crouching down and slipping out from underneath Dean's arm.
With care, Daniel placed the Castiel figurine back on his bedside table. He threw his duvet back, which of course featured the Supernatural trio, and climbed out of bed.
"Niether am I," said Castiel.
For the first time in a long time, Dean was starving. They managed to find a small cafe on a street corner that sold sandwiches and snacks. The food didn't look great; there were some badly photoshopped sandwiches over garish backgrounds. The menu itself was like a foreign language. He settled for bacon on something called a "barmcake". Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
drop it Sam!" exclaimed Dean.
"No," she said with all the finality of death.
"Hey," said Dean, chiding. He poked Castiel in the ribs and Castiel squirmed.
"You put that image in my mind, didn't you?" breathed Dean. "Where you kissed my stomach. You put that in my head."
Castiel leaned in again for another kiss but it was denied.
After a quick check on his phone, Sam said "There's a place on Smith's street called the Nuthatch. Looks like they do all sorts of stuff. It's
Dean sighed
"Dean wait," said Daniel, he pulled his sleeve and backed up, indicating that he wanted to speak to him alone.
can't you
Castiel's gut clenched. He spun around and Dean was walking towards him.
"Hello, Dean," said Castiel and he could feel Dean's chest rumble with laughter.
, he sat up, his face coming level with Castiel's. The room seemed very quiet
Dean's heart was beating so loud he could hear it pounding in his ears. He drew Castiel down on top of him. He could feel Castiel's hot, hard cock pressed against his own which was straining in his pants.
She snapped her fingers and a brand new '67 Chevy Impala appeared on the road opposite the park.
"Maybe it tastes like them," said Dean offhand, tucking into his apple pie with enthusiasm.
the deal was: solve the case and tell Castiel how you feel. It's that simple and you can go home."
There was a woosh and a flap of wings and Castiel disappeared. He reappeared a moment later, his hair ruffled.
They pulled up along the coast, stuffing some pound coins into a pay and display meter, Dean wondering aloud if five pounds was expensive for an hour at the beach. Sam headed off to the museum; an oblong building with glass panels overlooking the sea. A metal statue of a turtle on waves sat at the entrance.
"What?" breathed Sam. He looked at the angel. "Is this true, Cas? You're-you're in love with
, and rubbed his face. "Yeah. I guess I'm just sick of
Castiel sat down next to him and raised his fingers to Dean's head. Before his fingertips could make contact with his skin, Dean grabbed his hand. "Wait," he said.
Dean bit his lip. "Cas... I don't know about this. What if it messes everything up, you know? You couldn't look at me when we first got here and that was just because... because you said what you said."
. Castiel would
Dean rubbed his palm up and down Castiel's spine. He yanked Castiel's sweatpants down and dipped his fingers into Castiel's sopping ass. Castiel could feel it leaking down his leg.
"Hey Cas," said Dean.
"I thought you Winchesters
"I'm aware you have a penis, Dean," said Castiel bluntly.
"What're you -"
Castiel considered him for a moment. "I used a flashlight to pleasure myself this morning."
, Castiel waited long enough for self-loathing to set in and his dick to soften.
- We're in my
Dean threw his head back, laughing. "Dude, you were
for a while, having Cas back, money, time to spare. . .It was tempting. He knew things were never that simple though. "We're not
"I love you," clarified Castiel. He said it with ease this time. Dean had to wonder if Castiel had made peace with himself, because he was right, Castiel wasn't asking Dean for anything, and he was fine with it. Castiel seemed to have accepted that Dean didn't feel the same way.
"Cas, that's not what I'm saying," said Dean, scrambling for words. "You're missing the point."
Dean shot up, heat flaming his cheeks. To his mortification, his brother, Sam, was staring at Castiel wide-eyed. His gaze flicked between Dean and Castiel and back again.
The twin spike of pain and pleasure had Castiel gasping. The noise Dean made could only
Castiel
He carded his hand through Castiel's dark hair and gripped the back of his neck, drawing him closer.
closing up when the door opened and Dean came in.
need to tell you something," said Dean.
"Uh, Sam -!"
"And you do now?"
"Your mini milk," Castiel said
attractive, but Dean was beautiful.
"So we've got a whole lot of nothing," said Dean.
"Dean," said Castiel again because Dean had leaned down to kiss Castiel's neck. At the touch of Dean's lips to his skin, heat flooded through Castiel's body; he was getting hard.
"Cas?" said Sam. "How is this possible?"
"So it would seem," said Castiel. He continued to stare at Dean. Although this was something Dean had come to expect, it made him fidget. Castiel seemed to sense this and dropped his gaze. "We're in England," he said to the floor.
. "I can't answer that now! I don't know."
Dean's smirk fell off his face. "Look Cas, what do you want from me? Huh? Whatever it is I can't give it to you."
"And what? He poops it out?" finished Dean.
Dean peaked over the menu that was standing in the middle of the table and watched Castiel. Everything had been so confusing lately.
"Turning me on!"
"Try what?" said Dean with great uncertainty.
"No," said Castiel and Dean couldn't help but notice how similar Castiel's "No" was to Kay's when she had told him she wasn't going to send them back to heaven. It was resolute.
"Ever since I saw you, I wanted you. I haven't been able to stop thinking about you. It's almost as if-"
," said Sam thoughtfully. "He likes to play with his food."
"Why? How is it any different than anyone else's?"
"Wait, where are you going? I haven't finished," said Dean.
"And what did you say when he told you?" said Sam, rounding on Dean.
"He belongs to me," said the woman. "He's my omega."
"Well, I don't know what she's expecting. It's not some epic romance. We're not going to ride off into the sunset together. I'm straight," said Dean and even as he said it, the words didn't sound right in his mouth. It felt awkward like trying to walk with his shoelaces tied together.
I am, but I freaking swear Cas isn't helping. I swear he's doing it on purpose."
. It was a knee jerk reaction. Castiel gazed at him in bewilderment. Dean realised then that he already knew the answer and huffed a laugh. "Sorry, I
A woman appeared in front of them. She was tall, taller than Sam. She dressed
"Please," muttered Dean rolling his eyes.
Sam held up a flash drive. "I'm going to have to trawl through it for clues."
"You and Castiel can go to get something to eat and I'll catch up with you later," said Sam slowly. "What's wrong?"
Sam was sat at an old, tiny desk, hunched over like the moose he was. "There's just a load of drawings and allegations but no proof. There really
"OK..." said Dean curiously. "How?"
"I was with Jack. . . we rebuilt heaven and I. . ." began Castiel.
Dean either hadn't heard him or had chosen not to listen. "I want you so bad, Cas," he murmured.
"I'll catch up with you later," said Sam who had suddenly reappeared along with Castiel.
"Huh?" groaned Dean.
"Why now then? Why am I feeling
Dean didn't justify it with an answer. "Are you making me feel like this?"
"Exactly!" said Sam. "It's dark, which is why
It wasn't without a sense of irony then when he agreed to work at his brother's club, Pulse. Pulse was popular with alphas and betas because all the staff were omegas. It was intentional, of course. Gabriel, his brother, had designed it that way. "Captive audience, brother! Captive audience!"
Castiel looked anywhere but Dean's excited gaze. "I. . .don't mind growling."
"And his name is Dean Winchester," she finished.
Dean cleared his throat. "Did Mr White ever look like he had black eyes?"
to carry certain safety spells to protect others from harm.
They both turned at the creak of floorboards. It was Castiel. He was holding the most phallic looking pink popsicle Dean had ever seen in his life. Castiel sucked on it a little.
. "The child may have
Daniel sighed. "Ok," he said. "Take this! You'll need it. Come back to me when you have a lead."
"Did you and Cas..." Sam gave an impish grin. "Have a chat?"
The door behind them swung open and Castiel automatically glanced over his shoulder. His heart leapt when he saw a lithe golden brown wolf enter the Roadhouse with moss green eyes. It was Dean. As smoothly as Castiel had transformed, so did the wolf. It shifted into human form and strode over to the bar where Castiel and Sam were stood.
"Castiel is my omega," the woman sneered. "He was mine to begin with and since you haven't bitten him yet, that means he still belongs to me. I bit him thirteen years ago when he was a pup. I've made my claim and I want him back."
"Confused how?" asked Sam.
undone Castiel, was softer in every way. His muscles were not as angular or prominent but
Castiel sighed. "Dean -"
Not knowing where to look, Dean focused on finishing his sandwich though he couldn't taste it when he took another bite.
"I guess," said Sam.
Castiel was looking at him curiously when Dean opened his eyes again. Dean waited for Castiel to say something, but he didn't say a word.
"Dean!" called Sam, over at the railings, waving his arms. "Found something!"
Castiel pouted. "My day?" he said dully.
, Dean sank his teeth in at the same time he pushed his dick into Castiel's soaking ass.
"I guess we should check out the museum," said Sam looking at a map on his phone.
He was busying himself behind the bar, wiping glasses, when two people walked in. Castiel knew, without looking up, that they were male and -
. "Well her name is kay and her shirt, did you see it? It had the chaos equation on it."
because he already had one?"
A tray
- he was- the darkness swallowed him up," he waved a hand, "I didn't have a chance to say anything." Dean's face was growing hot. He had never felt this awkward before or this embarrassed in front of his brother.
Tongue still sliding up his spoon, Dean paused, his face flushing with heat. "You can't know for sure," he murmured. "Not unless..."
"Eying up the new alphas?" said Jo with a grin.
"I haven't quite finished there, Clarence."
"What's up with you?" said Sam.
"Very much," said Castiel. "Although I would rather try yours, Dean."
you're bi."
. "Fuck, I'm gonna come.." he moaned.
Sam's open mouth snapped shut. He frowned. "Tell me. What is it? I need to know if it's the only thing standing in the way of getting back to our own planet."
"Oh! That's us dear!" called an elderly lady two tables over, beckoning her over.
Castiel came back, placing the keys on the counter. "I'm latent," he said
"Daniel!" called a woman's voice from downstairs.
"You can say "fucking" in this world, Dean," she said.
"What does it look like?" he murmured. He found himself leaning closer across the table that separated them.
"I  told my uncle Robbie there was a monster here and he didn't believe me and now I know there has to be one if you're here! I was right." He had a British accent, but it sounded different. It was northern. Dean was having a hard time understanding what he was saying. The kid pronounced “you” like “yer” and said “me” instead of “my”.
Sam's expression shifted to amused. "Really...? Get laid as in...with Cas?"
"So, what? He's moved on to kidnapping kids?" said Dean, slipping his t-shirt on.
Castiel's heart stopped. He didn't dare breathe. He could feel the alpha behind him, close behind him. He could feel the heat from his body. Castiel’s heart kicked into overdrive. It was pounding so hard Castiel thought his chest might burst.
in response. It seemed he too had noticed the alphas' entrance.
The pale face smiled. Castiel stared. His heart began to beat faster but he wasn't entirely sure why.
"What?" said Dean.
"I'll be back in five then. You coming, Cas?" asked Dean as he grabbed his jacket.
"How awful," murmured Ellen. "Has Dean...?"
"Are you actually laughing at me?" called Dean, a grin lighting his own face. "You did that didn't you?"
"The worst ones do," said Ruby.
"Yeah," said the kid breathlessly. He pointed past Dean to his window. Three miniature versions of themselves stood overlooking the street. "I asked you to come and you came," he grinned.
Dean's heart was beating
. It was primitive. It was embarrassing.
. Dean smiled a little then scowled. "Urg!" he groaned.
"Cas," breathed Dean. "You..."
Dean pulled out again and then slid back in just as excruciatingly slowly as he had before, as though he was savouring it, and Castiel whined and whimpered with each languid thrust of his hips. Dean's hand released from the back of Castiel's neck. Both of his hands slid down Castiel's back softly to sit directly on Castiel's hips. He began to pick up pace, the soft moans he was exuding becoming louder and louder until he was fucking him hard enough that Castiel had to brace himself against the table. Each thrust of Dean's hips sent a jolt of pure pleasure through him. Castiel desperately wanted to stroke his own dick which was so hard it was throbbing but didn't dare touch it.
"Cas, your
"Why? Are you cold?"
. If it was up to him he wouldn't work there at all, but he needed the money and Gabriel was short-staffed.
. He almost toppled over but Dean caught him and held him steady.
Dean sat behind the wheel of the Impala feeling the smooth curve of the steering wheel. Heaven might have had an imitation of his car, but
as harming or stealing children. His wheel could transform into a toy that the child most liked to play with. He gets his power from happy kids so it wouldn't make sense to kidnap them."
refused to acknowledge came racing to the surface. It clouded his mind and made him question everything he had thought he had known. He wanted to get on his knees and choke on whoever's cock the scent belonged to. He wanted to
Sam's voice went very quiet. "Sex probably."
I know," said Sam
"I knew it!" The boy in the bed had woken up. He was a thin, short kid with scruffy, mousey brown hair and freckles across his cheeks.
Omegas in the wolf community were uncommon. They were significantly weaker than alphas and betas and subsequently often became victims of violence due to the scents they emitted. They were considered very pleasurable to mate with because of their smell, ability to produce their own slick and, of course, their heat.
Dean didn't have to open his eyes to know Sam was grinning. "Shut up, Sam," he muttered.
"None of your business," said Dean.
"Give me your sweater," said Dean.
been watching. He had forgotten that it was a possibility.
"1 am," said Castiel. "Gabriel agreed to let me go early. I have a job interview in the morning."
Once they were back in the Impala, Dean had insisted that Castiel throw the damn "mini milk" away.
Castiel turned to look at him, slightly dazed. "What is it?"
A huge wave of water suddenly splashed over the top of Dean. He yelled in shock. Then, a noise he had never heard before, rang in the air. It sounded like a broken-down truck engine trying to start. It was Castiel.
, how do you know? You might kiss me and then be completely turned off."
pulled the zipper up and buttoned them while meeting Castiel's gaze. He walked past Castiel and leaned
Water, that was dripping from Dean's hair, splashed onto his cheek and slipped into the crook of his mouth. Dean licked his lips unconsciously and Castiel's gaze dropped to his mouth.
"I hope I didn't cockblock you back there?" Dean said indicating over his shoulder. "You know, 'cause you’re. . ."
brushed the button on Dean's jeans before he stopped him. "Wait." He pushed Castiel's trenchcoat and pulled at his tie. "Take all that off, let me see you."
Mr and Mrs Green were nice people. It was clear they were desperate for any news on their son. They had led Dean, Sam and Castiel into a gloomy sitting room that smelled of dog and cigarette smoke. Dean and Sam dropped down on the low sofa. Sam's knees were level with his chest when he sat and Dean stifled a laugh. He glanced at Castiel who was standing awkwardly at their side. Dean scooted over, shoving Sam who cast him an indignant look. "Sit down," mouthed Dean to Castiel. The angel sat and the three of them were crammed together, shoulder to shoulder, knee to knee on the tiny sofa. Dean grinned. He looked over at Castiel whose cheeks had pooled with pink. Castiel's hands were resting on his own thighs and Dean's hand was on his own too. Their fingers were touching and Dean was tempted to lift his little finger and hook it over Castiel's. He didn't. But he didn't move either and let his finger rest against Castiel's warm skin.
"Yes, I know. . .but. . .it's not appropriate." Castiel scrambled around the counter to pick the poster up off the floor. While he
that Dean was telling the truth. Dean's cock was hot and hard against Castiel's hip.
"Are you reading my mind now?! Does privacy mean
"Let me go please, I need to work."
"He was on a field trip. To the museum," said Mrs Green, holding her drink between her hands. Her thin shoulders were hunched with weariness and her eyes were puffy and red. "The museum. The one on the beach. They each had a buddy, you know, so they didn't get lost but-but..." the words caught in her throat.
