“We didn’t really sneak out did we?” Tony asked Peggy after hearing her tell Steve that his father had some things for him to try.
I apologize for this update going up late in the day, but it's here! Enjoy the angst and the unexpected surprise!
Later that day, Tony started writing a letter to Steve, telling him how he was and telling him about the whole fiasco of thinking what was actually pregnancy was rather than illness. Tony mentioned how glad he was that he wasn’t ill, but he was instead irritated at how often he had to run to the bathroom.
“Maybe he’ll go easy on me when I show him I made the reactor before he did. Or he’ll be mad that I built it before him.”
Howard’s eyes got wider, and he turned on his heels and made a beeline for the bathroom. “You don’t deserve these if you really think these give you freedom.”
“Well, can it wait until we get to the extraction point? You should know better than all the commandos that we’re not safe until we’re gone.”
Maria and Tony both let out little chuckles, both mother and son beginning to cry. “It’s okay, Mom,” Tony said. “I want this. One way or another I’m going to be with Steve again. When, I don’t know, but I’ll see you and Dad again one day too. It’ll only feel like a short time until we meet again.”
Steve chuckled. “Well you’ve got time to relax now. Sleep if you can, I’ll get us cleaned up when my knot releases.”
“Maybe,” Steve repeated, moving a bit closer to Tony and grabbing his hand to hold.
The man in the doorway was covered in grease and sweat, his hair a mess of curls pushed back by a pair of safety glasses, and his jeans and black tank top made him look so very out of place in the clean modern look of not just the office, but all the spaces of the tower Steve had seen so far.
Tony whined and chased after his father. “No, Dad, give those back!”
"If you want, then yes. And all that comes before that as well." Steve smiled slightly at the end of his sentence.
"I understand you’re America's new hope."
“If I were to take a guess, I’d say it was because they had just lost their friend. Tony was excited to tell Steve about their little one, I don’t think he’d want the news to come right along with mourning a friend. Life and death are hard to take together. The baby would take away from needed mourning and the mourning would take away from the joy.”
When the bath was ready, Steve came back and picked up Tony, carrying him into the bathroom and setting him in the warm water. He joined Tony on the water after dimming the lights in the bathroom to match the lights in the other room. Once he was settled in the water behind the omega, Steve started washing Tony gently and slowly, completely opposite from the sex they had only an hour before.
It took a few seconds, but Tony’s chest heaved upwards with a deep, shaking breath, and then the omega let it out slowly, opening his eyes for the first time in over 48 hours.
Steve bit his bottom lip. “You like to say what comes to mind, don’t you?”
“Nothing?”
Wrapping his arms around Tony, Steve chuckled. “I want you to be happy with me, and I know this is one way that I can make you happy.”
Tony whined, burying his face in his mother’s neck. “I want Steve back.”
“I bet they’re jealous of you,” Steve said as the waiter came up, asking what they would be drinking that night.
Tony’s chest felt tight, words failing to come out of his mouth as tears started blurring his vision. No… No, Steve had to come back safely. He had to, there was no other option! Tony swallowed, hearing people leave the room as he spoke once more.
“We’d better get out of here if we want to make it to our beds tonight then,” the blond alpha said, taking Tony’s arm in his and starting to walk towards the door, pausing so they could grab their coats.
“But it was my fault. How can we avenge him if I was the reason he didn’t make it?”
Steve smiled and pulled Tony back to him. “Would it be a crime for me to say that I’d like that?”
He mentally slapped himself to attempt to salvage his dignity and reel in his thoughts to a better control. He was not that stereotypical omega, after all. Sex was great, but he wasn’t the kind to go walking along street corners in a little red number that advertised what he had to offer anyone with a nice fat wallet. He could remain professional in his alpha’s place of work.
Tony went bright red and covered his face with a groan.
“Fuck...fine, but tell Stone he owes me a little something extra on my paycheck!” Tony said before kissing Clint as he pulled away and sashayed towards the steps, eyes scanning the crowd to find the best alphas to pay more attention to. Not too drunk. They had no respect at all when plastered. Got bitey, and he had no interest in being mated to some random knot.
Steve sighed and looked back at Tony. “Our next show is in Philadelphia, then New York City after that.”
Tony’s eyes were wide as he averted his gaze, not wanting to see what he had dreaded. He was going to be sick if he saw even one drop of the blood that soaked through every bit of fabric around him. Thankfully, Maria and Howard did their best to comfort him and clean him up. There was no way Tony was going to feel comfortable for a long while, though. After everything he had gone through in such a short amount of time, it was a miracle he was still able to show any sign of emotion.
“Nervous?”
The omega blinked up at Steve as if the thought had never occurred to him before, “I...omegas can do that and have it be effective and not….laughable to alphas?”
Tony was already close to sobbing when Steve wrapped his arms tighter around him.
Steve smirked back. "Oh, so you're wanting me to be your alpha now? I didn't take you for falling for someone so easily."
“That’s shitty, excuse my language. You’re the owner, the board should be listening to you.”
The man sighed, rolling his eyes, “I’m having regrets—”
"I have a sketchbook… however it seems I have forgotten a pencil." Steve smiled sheepishly at Tony. "Mind if I borrow one?"
“You idiot… you can’t leave me here. Not after you took me on a date and paid for my food and you were such a nice guy to me. It doesn’t make sense! You leaving me after taking such good care of me and making me happy, for god’s sake. Why would you ever think it was a good idea to leave me after all you’ve done?”
“Wow, it’s like you have completely lost all sense of shame.” James said.
Steve just chuckled and smiled. “It’s fine, getting this kind of attention isn’t all too uncommon for me. I don’t mind.”
“I-I’ll get my dad on the line. He’ll know what to do.”
“God, there you are,” Steve almost whispered. “How are you holding up?”
“I’d like to go without it as much as possible,” the brunet said, walking into the apartment and closing the door behind him.
“Don’t say that until you know first-hand what I’m like when I’m drunk.” Tony tipped back the rest of his whiskey and set the glass on the bar, requesting another round. “Not that I plan on getting drunk tonight. My dad would kill me if I came home drunker than a pirate all day at sea.”
Steve nodded with a hum. “I’m sure our boys over in Europe will do their job. I’ve got a friend over there right now, James Barnes. We’ve been best friends since we were kids basically. He went off to war before I even knew about the serum. I made him promise not to win the war before I got there…”
“Dinner will be ready in half an hour,” Howard called after the two before they disappeared behind Tony’s bedroom door.
“Mr. Stark, with all due respect, that’s a lot for an omega in heat to go through,” Peggy spoke up. “It’s better that he stays in the camp until his heat is over, then you can send him to London.”
The Stark Tower was among one of the biggest in New York City. The bright and large letters at the top of the tower always lit up the night sky, while keeping up an impressive display during the day. Steve hardly found it difficult to locate the building. It was relatively new, but he knew the streets of his home fairly well. It wasn’t hard to track down the right address once Steve knew the streets around the building.
Howard couldn’t bring himself to respond in any way as he just looked down at his unconscious son, wondering if he had managed to save Tony or not.
“It’s okay, you don’t have to talk.” Steve crawled back onto the cot, shifting Tony to his other side so they could face each other. He grabbed one of the blankets and tossed it over the both of them. “Get some rest before your next wave hits.”
“Maybe omegas will have more rights in the future. Then maybe when I’m 50 I can take his name off my identity as my caretaker.” Tony rolled his eyes.
Blinking up at his father, Tony whined and shivered.
“Okay, how about a little? Some eye liner maybe? It’d make your eyes stunning.”
“I could even go as far as calling this a first date if you found that appealing.”
“Really?” Tony looked up at the blond with wide eyes. “You wouldn’t think it’d be a bad idea?”
It was late, and many shops had already closed for the night, so for the first time in his life, Tony found himself standing outside a 24/7 Walmart. He blinked dumbly up at the building, “Never been to one of these before. I thought this was just a grocery?”
In one swift move, Bucky pulled Clint closer and picked him up, carrying the omega princess style all the way to his room. The door was locked behind him, the omega’s things completely forgotten in the hallway just in front of the elevator.
“I think I could have a guess,” Steve responded, smiling back. “You did build a machine to freeze yourself in time so you could be with me again.”
“He was attempting to use spare computer parts to rig up a way for us to reheat food since our microwave mysteriously disappeared a few days earlier—which I still think was Tony cannibalizing it for parts to build Dum-E.”
“Something about the sound system, I think.” James shrugged, stepping aside to let the man in.
“Good boy.” Bucky smiled and pat Tony’s head. “And by the way, make sure you keep a neutral expression next time you fantasize about your alpha. It’s distracting otherwise.”
“I mean, chocolate always makes me feel better.”
Tony grinned, “I didn’t lie.”
“Absolutely nothing. I’m still upset that you kissed her back.”
Sighing, Peggy stood up, ready to leave for the night, or the early morning rather. It was close to one in the morning, and though nurses and doctors kept checking on Tony, they never did anything new to help the omega feel like he needed to live. It saddened Peggy, but there was nothing she could do, and the doctors already had their hands full with injured and dying alpha soldiers, and because of that, unfortunately, omegas who were suffering injuries were often overlooked and ignored.
Nearby, at the tent next to the medical tent, a head poked out, dark hair messy and dark circles under eyes as the omega looked around, curious about the commotion. And then he spotted Steve. Jacket torn, face dirty and streaked from dried sweat, but it was Steve. Tony let out a sob with a smile, pulling back inside his tent and dressing in loose clothes and boots before running out and calling out Steve’s name.
Whining, Tony looked down at his captor and tried to kick at him. His efforts were useless though, and the omega was thrown to the ground and pinned down by the wrists with the alpha’s hands, his ankles being bent a strange way that prevented him from kicking out again.
The omega couldn’t stop the sobs that ripped from his throat suddenly. There was a sense of closure as the father wrapped  his arms around his son for the first time in a very long time and hugged him tight, protectively, safely. After learning the news about Steve, Howard knew that Tony needed support in whatever way he could get it. Howard wasn’t so cruel to let his son suffer after losing his alpha.
“And you have other friends here,” Rhodey added.
Reluctantly, Steve shook Justin's hand, though he offered no smile. "Captain Steve Rogers. And I'm sorry but I have to disagree with you. Tony is a phenomenal omega, smarter than I'll ever be. Who am I to stand in the way of his success?"
“And...if I choose not to join...will I have to return here or can I stay with you? Clint, too…”
Maria looked sad as she entered her son’s room. “I know it’s hard not seeing him, but you only have a few more months without him.”
A few more soldiers were blasted out of existence as Tony rolled out from behind the crates and started shooting again. Peggy came up from behind him and fell into step as they charged forward again, shooting and pushing back Hydra agents until they looked like they were beginning to retreat. Finally, they were winning the battle a little, and if they kept pressing forward, Hydra would have no choice but to surrender.
Steve laughed. “No problem. I’m gonna grab some water if you don’t mind.”
“Near-hundred or not, that’s an alpha’s face
“I haven’t had a good warm meal for a while anyways. Thank you for the invitation.” Steve smiled at Howard as the meatloaf was placed on the table.
,” another doctor said. “Now why don’t we get you cleaned up before you can go see the omega?”
“I wouldn’t dream of it. Your fashion sense is honestly better than mine ever will be.”
Tony leaned into Steve again with a chuckle. “God, I’m glad you let me do this. Having you gone for missions three months in a row really sucks.”
Tony shrugged. “I don’t really care… okay I do care, but I don’t think I can really get an A&W burger around here.”
"You won't have to worry about a scandal," Steve reassured. "Painting is my entire life now. I'd rather be focused on it most of the time, though I do enjoy admiring cute omegas from time to time."
“Oh yes please. Familiar faces would help me feel even better.”
The last day with his parents was perhaps one of the best days of his life. Maria and Jarvis had made him his favorite breakfast, and afterwards Howard and Tony tinkered with things until they got ready to go out into the city. They shopped and walked around some of the finer places in Los Angeles. The day was warm and sunny, and Tony got to show off his best outfit and sunglasses. Needless to say the Starks were looking as fine as ever on that precious day.
“You’re not a normal soldier,” the Hydra agent said in a thick German accent. “You don’t belong here, pretty thing. It’s a shame that you’re fighting Hydra.”
Steve sighed and rubbed his face, setting down his fork. He looked at his omega for a good minute before speaking again. “I can talk with Bucky and see what he thinks. In fact, I can get a meeting together with you, me, Peggy, and all the Howling Commandos, and we can talk this over.”
"What do think?" the alpha asked.
“I’m all for omega rights, Ms. Carter,” Howard spat. “But you don’t understand what it’s like to watch your own son decide he’s fit for battle when he’s an omega.”
Howard shook his head in silence. “No, I’m afraid not. I’m sorry, Tony.”
“But I’m extremely sexy and you can’t help but wonder what kind of panties I wear?”
Sighing again, Howard greeted Jarvis and told the family butler of his plans. The older man nodded his head and dished out a bowl of soup for both father and son before placing them on a tray with glasses of water. Howard thanked Jarvis and made his way back upstairs to Tony’s bedroom.
“Good…” Tony sipped his wine, hand shaking as he worked up to his plan. “I uh… I hope this next mission won’t be too dangerous.”
“I’ll be sure to wear something lacy.” Tony said softly.
“I’ll come back as soon as I can,” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s hand and squeezing it firmly. He reached for his dog tags around his neck, pulling them off and handing them to Tony. Their eyes connected again briefly before Steve turned and stepped onto the plane, letting their fingers linger together before he pulled away fully.
The omega was quickly reduced down to just moans and whines, taking all of Steve at a merciless pace. There were no signs of the alpha slowing down, and Tony couldn’t say he was disappointed by that. The longer the alpha went, the better Tony felt.
“Get everything off of him and put clean clothes on. As soon as the car’s ready, we’ll go to the hospital.”
“I lost the baby weeks after you disappeared,” Tony said weakly. “I wanted to keep the baby so bad, but I couldn’t… I physically couldn’t, Steve…”
“Just some sketches of a new suit for Steve. Figured since he’s got some down time now we can upgrade his costume to something more battle ready.”
“Fantastic. It’s a date then?”
“It doesn’t look like that all the time! It just has the past week and a half…”
Tony nodded and fumbled to find his wallet, which he had not taken into the gala with him. “Ah, found the money access thing!” he said, holding it up.
Tony had nothing more to say. He was losing his ability to think straight, and all he could do was just hold on to his alpha, try to collect his thoughts.
“He’s gotten attached to you, and he barely knows you. Why the hell would you bring him over here when you two are nearly complete strangers?” Howard put his hands on his hips with a huff and a glare at the blond that could kill.
Tony glanced back at Steve, his face super red with his eyebrows low. “You’re a pain; doing this to me.”
“I mean I half expected that to happen anyways, since you were being such a gentleman.”
Steve buried his face in Tony’s neck and took in a deep breath of the scent. He said nothing as he committed the scent to memory, left gentle kisses on the omega’s neck before pulling him in for a proper kiss on the lips. Silence filled the room as cool air blew in around the soldier waiting at the door. Nothing broke the heavy silence until Steve pulled back to look Tony in the eye and spoke.
“We’re so proud of you,” Howard added. “Thank you for being such a perfect son.”
“Of course sir.” a disembodied voice stated before a projection lit up over the desk and Tony reached out and actually started interacting with it, digging through the virtual file and pushing things aside before finally finding a 3D image of a hand, guides and measurements still in place around it.
The hug lasted for a good while before the three pulled away from each other. Maria was the one to break the silence when they all had a chance to wipe away their tears.
“We have time now,” Peggy said gently, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Are you sure you want to wait?”
"I'll show you, you'll see. Starting with our first date. I'll buy lunch, you don't worry about it… Even though a lunch won't be financially devastating for you."
Over by the submarine, Howard sighed and set his wrench to the side. He looked up at his son, who was sitting on the metal grate beside him, and grabbed the sandwich he was offered for lunch.
Steve smiled and nodded. “Very. Jarvis is already cleaning up our room, so we don’t have to worry about that.”
“Just go outside already!” Peggy pushed him with a laugh out the store front the stairs had led to, leaving them on a busy sidewalk in the cool London night.
Clearly agitated, Howard let out a deep sigh. “Does your mother know you’re here, Tony?”
The first full week of December was a hectic one, to say the very least. True to what Steve had said, the alpha had started going into rut, which was a hassle to take care of for everyone who lived in the Stark manor. For Steve, of course he struggled with control outside of the bedroom. Every moment it seemed like he wanted to take Tony to the bed and breed him until both alpha and omega were so exhausted they passed out. For Maria, she attempted to stay away from the rutting alpha as much as possible. She knew that all Steve wanted was Tony, and that was fine with her, as long as neither of them got hurt and they were responsible when taking things to the bed. Maria was thankful that just before Steve had gone into rut, Howard was called back to London for some research. Howard would be spared yet again the detail that Tony and Steve were physically intimate with each other.
Sighing, the omega lifted up his shirt for Steve to see how the reactor was embedded in his chest. “My dad put it in me… he saved me by doing so. After we got back to London, I was taking off my uniform, and I realized I had been injured by an explosion… Shrapnel got stuck near my heart, and the arc reactor was keeping the metal from hurting me. The thing was barely hanging on when we got back, and when I took it off, I started going into cardiac arrest. The only reason I’m alive now is because my dad found me right as I passed out and he started working on putting this thing in my chest immediately.”
“Yes, please,” Maria said, standing up as the doctor walked in.
“I hope he can come back home. I mean he’s from Brooklyn, but I’m not sure he really has a place to permanently call home. Both his parents are dead, and I haven’t heard him talk about any other family of his.”
“He’s gone,” Tony said helplessly, still looking up at the sky as Peggy led him back.
Howard had returned home the evening before after securing the glowing cube he’d found, and got to work on trying to calculate where the rest of the aircraft could have ended up--where Steve had landed. He hadn’t gone to bed at all, and Maria knew her husband was starting to obsess. So she made him a mug of coffee, just the way he liked it, and brought it over to him, setting it on the desk in front of him with a worried frown.
alpha before too long. Maybe even as soon as his next heat which was just a few weeks away if it came on time.
A few days passed by with Tony getting enough to eat and building up his strength again, but after the fourth day of good habits, the omega was ensnared by his fears and anxieties once again, spiraling into a full blown anxiety attack that left Tony nearly screeching hysterically and hyperventilating so quickly that he got lightheaded and nearly passed out several times. Accompanying the severe anxiety attack came reminders of the war and the last moments Tony had with Steve, the last words he had heard the blond speak, the fear of losing his lover for good, the panic of being left behind in the world, alone and without someone to protect him and his baby. The attack had Tony bedridden afterwards, and the doctor returned with grim news that hardly anything could have been done to save the baby at that point.
Steve nodded, and after sending texts to both people, he helped Tony up from the bar and held the omega close to his body. "Come on, let's get you safely home. We can put on a movie, have some snacks, and forget all about your exes. Sound good?"
prefer, I do like things on the kinkier side. If I’m going to be sitting on a knot, I want that knot to have earned its place. I like to wake up feeling what had been done to me the night before. I like to be made into such a mess I struggle to get myself to the bath.”
Tony felt odd. Something wasn’t right, and he quickly discovered that something that didn’t feel right, that put a sour feeling in the pit of his stomach. As soon as he located the source of the woman’s voice, his heart sank. There in the corner of the office he had approached, a blonde private was kissing Steve right on the lips, and to Tony’s horror, Steve was kissing back. In a moment of panic, he suddenly felt his anger rise.
“Yes, it would. For now, anyways. Please, that baby is all Tony has left of his alpha…”
“Let's go home, Happy.” he said, digging a massive candy bar out of one of the bags to hand to his driver.
Tony rolled his eyes, “You have been too busy to listen to me ‘babble about unimportant things that do not in any way affect the future of Stark Industries.’ as you have told me every time we have spoken over the last few weeks. If you had allowed it, you would have been informed that I have been dating again, and that Steve here is said boyfriend.”
“Don’t crowd them too much, Ms. Carter,” the medic said as he approached Howard. “My god… what happened here, Mr. Stark?”
“I’m seeing three people who only want the best for you.” Steve patted Tony’s hand. “I want to help, not hinder.”
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Tony, you look amazing… When did you get this outfit?”
Tony inwardly screamed. Steve got him a fucking Christmas present. God, this alpha was getting on Tony’s nerves really fast.
“Were you up all night working on that?”
"If that would be alright," Steve said, moving to set the bottle of whiskey on the counter next to the sink.
Steve chuckled. “Yes, yes it can.”
“I love you too, Tony,” the alpha replied, smiling. “Everything will be okay, I promise.”
“At least I’m here to keep you entertained,” Steve told Tony.
By the time the movie ended, Tony had fallen asleep on Steve.
“They won’t be in for long,” Peggy promised as she stood up and exited the room.
“Are you as bored as I am?” Steve asked before taking a sip of his water.
“I’m starving,” Tony replied before taking a bite of one sandwich. “Was throwing up all night, so my stomach is pretty empty.”
After the war, Tony, never went back to his old self, and he struggled for so long just to find the motivation to get out of bed every morning and seize the day.
There was silence, and Peggy never got a straight answer from Tony, because Colonel Phillips stuck his head out of the top of the tower and called out for the two.
Tony looked over at Jarvis. “I told him to come home if he had the chance to, said our doors were open to him and Bucky, Peggy too if she could come. He said they would try to come in August.”
Tony nodded. “He also doesn’t like the fancy clothes all the time. I told him that Steve didn’t really get to see me dolled up that often, and the only thing he’s really seen me in that’s extravagant is the suit that Peggy gave me.”
Tony rolled his eyes with a smile. “Okay, Captain. You didn’t need to bring up that old-ass alpha when you’re enough alpha for me.”
Steve nodded, knowing that even with himself being there, the pharmacy likely wouldn’t give him more pills. “Alright, let’s get out of here. You’re getting more upset by the moment, and I think we deserve some time to relax this afternoon.”
“I’d rather not talk about it. Alphas are stupid, no matter how they became alphas. Naturally or by serum, they’re all the same.”
“Stop being inappropriate.” She sighed, “I’m so sorry about him, Mr. Rogers.”
“Thank god,” Tony said with a sigh. “Steve, can we take a break after you clean us up? Your rut is amazing and I love it, but my body can’t handle it as well out of heat.”
Whining, Tony gripped Peggy’s coat sleeve as tight as he could while looking up at his alpha, who stood up at the front of the car and balanced himself. It felt like a long moment before Steve bent his legs and launched himself at the plane with a grunt, and then the car was screeching to a halt as fast as Phillips could make it stop. The car spun to the side as the plane flew forward, taking Steve with it, which made Tony whine even more. He even cried out as the car’s tires squealed against the pavement, smoke flying away from the rubber as the end of the runway grew closer and closer. Tony didn’t know why he screamed. He had been strong up until that point, but for some reason, the fear of falling off a cliff and the fear of losing Steve for good were stronger than his will to keep fighting.
“Why? Afraid the one who’s going to give you grandkids and continue the bloodline is gonna turn up dead one day and leave you without anyone to continue the family with?”
“Well, we can talk about it over dinner tonight, okay? You’ve had a long day of flying, so I’m sure you’re hungry.”
“...I’d like to go to a place that includes a cheeseburger option.” Tony said.
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” Peggy’s broken voice spoke. “Steve tried so hard to save him… He just slipped out of his reach…”
Tony didn’t make any sort of sound of agreement, he just curled back up underneath his blankets and heaved out a large sigh, as if he was relieved to finally return to resting. By the time Howard had gathered everything up and left the room, the omega was already half asleep.
Tony studied Steve a long moment before sighing, “Fine, but if you can’t pay up, i’ll have my family’s lawyers hunt you down.” he said, standing up and taking Steve’s wrist, pulling him up and guiding him towards the side rooms used for private sessions. As he went he made a gesture to Clint so the other knew where he was going so someone else could handle the floor rounds.
Tony nodded, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder and closing his eyes. Steve’s scent was still comforting, even if Tony’s heat had been put on hold. He was just glad that he had Steve there in case he chickened out. Besides, Tony had barely seen a true battlefield. He had only seen what it was like in a camp and how beat up those who managed to return were. Imagining any of that happening to himself didn’t leave a pleasant feeling in his stomach, but if worse came to worst, he would do anything to keep those he loved safe.
“You look so much better,” she had told her son, hugging him tight. “How do you feel?”
Another whine came from the omega’s throat, but he did move closer and felt comfortable when his father continued to run fingers through his hair.  “You would have made me stay in London…”
“Hell you intimidate me already. I mean you’re the owner of a huge company. I’m just a simple painter.”
Steve nodded in understanding. He’d suggest a make up date later on if Tony decided to forgive him. Hopefully before Christmas came around, but if Tony needed longer, Steve was willing to wait. He’d wait a hundred years if that was how long it took. He was going to prove that he wanted Tony still and was going to act like an adult.
Steve looked at Fury, eyes wide and starting to fill with tears.
That was when Maria’s eyes widened, and her mouth formed an “Oh”.
"I'm not surprised somehow. At least you still had lab access."
"Yeah, I have to be back at the base in the morning. Plus your dad is probably wondering where you are."
Nodding, Steve pulled Bucky in for a half hug, patting his shoulder before looking back down at Tony. “I believe you need me for something now…”
“He doesn’t know yet, does he? If he had to find out so soon, I…” Maria paused, looking down at the glowing blue disk in the center of her son’s chest. “My god… it really was that bad…”
The car stopped in front of a completely normal looking building, and Steve didn't suspect a thing until the entered the building and saw nothing in the lobby but a simple desk and an elevator. Of course. Just like the old SSR base. Fury led Steve into the elevator, then they were going down much faster than the blond had anticipated. He startled a little when the elevator moved, and he felt his face heat up in embarrassment.
Bringing in the new year didn’t go exactly like the two had wanted, but they did manage to sneak out close to midnight and hear Big Ben strike midnight while they watched fireworks light up the sky. Both had stars in their eyes as they watched, smiles on their faces and light spirits as 1944 finally arrived and hopefully made a promise that the war would end soon.
Most omegas found Steve very attractive, desirable even. He was the perfect alpha image. Tall, built, blond and blue eyed, Steve was a hell of an alpha specimen. Just walking by a group of omegas would reward him with sighs and moans and dreamy looks.
“Shh, I’m sure you did all you could, my love,” Steve tried to reassure. “Me disappearing was tough on you, I can tell. It broke you, and I regret my decision in that light, but sometimes… sometimes things like this just happen. It’s not your fault, Tony.”
“I won’t be leaving you, Tony. That’s a promise, and I intend to keep it.” The blond pulled Tony in tight for a hug and simply held him, placing a hand at the back of the omega’s head. “I’m still going to Europe, but I’m not leaving you behind. You matter too much to me now for me to leave you. I realize that now.”
Steve looked up at Peggy, his eyes glittering with fresh tears.
“It’s a restaurant, I can give you that much.”
"It's alright, none of it is your fault. They're more than welcome to feel intimidated by the fact that you're dating a good alpha."
Tony sighed, “Someone going to gimme the arty folder to look at while you two do the paperwork? I still haven't seen any of this guy’s work, you know. I trust you, Pep, you know I do, but I think I should get a taste of the guy before I open my wallet.”
“Okay… maybe I can’t live without you now,” Tony admitted in a quiet voice. “But I’m still independent! I can at least survive if you’re not around.”
Steve smiled, closed the distance between them, and kissed Tony softly in the middle of the dance floor.
Tony huffs and says, “We also discovered some unusual things in him. From what I found, Peter has a replicated version of the super-soldier serum that changed Steve mixed with arachnid DNA.”
The man, Strange if he recalls, tilts his head. "You are in love with a Fae. That is a doomed love unless the Fae forsake their immortality."
Back before Bruce’s research into gamma rays, he thought he would go the engineering route; even toyed with the idea of A.I.s. He’s happy he did not because to hear the eerily human voice asks about Tony….
He holds up another one.
He answers, “I have a plan, but I need you to keep Widow and Hawkeye busy.”
“In honor of this occasion, may the young warrior step for—”
“What’s up?” Bucky says.
“Take Peter out for dinner to anywhere. And, if you can,” Steve digs out his wallet and throws it at Sam. “Do anything else you can think of. Get a hotel if you want and we’ll pick up Peter later.”
WATCHED MOVIES AND SLEPT ON THE COUCH.
The man sniffles and lets out a small laugh.
Steve waits until Sam and Peter are gone.
Peter nods.
And the rest is history.
Happy cocks his eyebrow and has grin on his face. He had that same look when Pepper said they should be professional.
“I am not sad,” he screeches.
Steve walked on, determined. He had not seen his Willow Man in three days and he knew that this war he had set upon himself ended with Anthony's final strike. Not his.
That grasps Tony’s attention. With great effort he maneuvers himself to face where he thinks Agent is. His eyes are crusty so he slaps his hand over his closed lids and wipes at them.
That has been the most of the cabin’s activities. And the fire Peter started when he was making pancakes. Peter had drowned the pan in oil and it flipped when Peter tried to flip the pancake. Loki waved his hands the fire extinguished, although he did watch as Peter cooked.
“Spit it. You and your pops are terrible secrete keepers.”
“How?” he whispers.
"What? But, she..." Loki held up his hand and Steve stopped.
Bruce lets them chat. It has gotten Peter to unlatch from him and the boy is not as red faced.
The boy looked up from his drawing and Clint knew he was discovered. The boy then held up a sign that read
Tony scoffs. “That what you and Fury call it. Magnanimity is code for ‘came to see how fucked up you are, Stark,’” he sneers.
"I did. Finding out about the truth did make me curse my grandfather for following his lower brain, but...talking to Loki had made me angrier, confused, and dare I say delirious with happiness than anything for such a long time." Thor puts his arm around Loki's slim shoulders. "And I saw too what plagued this wily creature. Loneliness and isolation. What my family suffered from the village after Hela's death. I could not leave him."
Loki should scream, should throw him across the room, should burn this cabin and the boy in it, should gut him and lay him on his fathers’ tower.
“I mean you don’t yell at me. You let me eat and play. You don’t try to be mean. You’re bossy, but grown-ups are bossy, like Aunt Pepper. And you’ve been really nice to me.”
“You sound like Tony. I know Peter’s probably learning more with JARVIS and Bruce as his teachers, but he’s also missing out on some great memories. You should see his face when Harry starts a new school year and talks about new friends. Peter will need that; and you have no idea how difficult it was to get Tony on board. But, eventually—”
Steve nodded and began chopping.
“This might hold up for some time. However, get Clint to help you cut it.”
Volstagg as he goes to market with his brood sees the oddest thing. A child, obviously not of here, stands on the fountain in the city and looks around the crowd. He seems to search for someone, but his face is red and his features hard. Volstagg hums and his youngest son nudges him to continue for the things they need.
Steve lives in this limbo now. Bucky and him exist in the space but they have not spoken in weeks. Bucky attempted to speak with him with unsavory results. There are holes and broken furniture Sam has replaced. Steve receives a check from SHIELD monthly so he pays his rent and for the food.
They went ahead, weapons drawn. The sound was growing quieter and Sif searched for any anomalies among the floor and the air. When no attach was forthright, Sif made motions for the two of them to split up. Fandral nodded and headed to the east as she went west.
“I ne—” Steve begins.
“you think….”
“I’ll retrieve Stark,” Coulson says.
“It’s not just me, Steve.” Tony says. He wants to be scathing, however he too is defeated. The August heat really gets to him, especially in an old mansion with no central air. Tony picks up the remote for the fan. He raises the speed in prayer it will cool down this boiling point. “You agreed to everything. You wanted to keep Peter at the tower. You and I kept him a secret. And now, now the fucking world knows.”
“We should make a play date with that Osborn kid,” Steve says. “Peter’s missing him and I know he wants someone besides Pooh-JARVIS to play with, Tony.”
“Cap—”
“Hm-hhm. Pops said that was one of the scariest moments of his life.”
Pepper yawned. It was barely eight and she had a meeting Tony needed to get to; she huffed. He gave her the power after getting married, and yet for the board meeting
Peter leaned away from his dads and heard snippets of the conversation.
Bucky seems to curl in on himself. This time he steps away from Steve.
Steve scoots closer to him and takes his husband in his arms.
“Why is that? Is it not fortuitous for a family lineage in this world? Surely, the man Fury and Agent Coulson would find it a joyous occasion for their best to have an heir one day,” Thor said, confused.
It is a simple kid’s explorer camera with lens extension.
“…no,” he said.
But as secrets go, and children, to Steve and Tony’s surprise and horror, do not stay in one place.
“No. I mean no one is aware of my current location and some of them believe I am in Kentucky or California. My tracker’s signals will converge soon and they’ll find me, until then I have only 51 minutes and 22 seconds to get you out of bed and reunited with your son.”
Tony cries into Steves shoulder and the soldier rocks him through the body tremors. Later, he helps him into a chair. Steve hands Tony a bottle of water for his parched throat.
“Agreed,” they both say.
Bruce does not argue.
Coulson does not know.
“I heard them when Howard talked to you.”
“Is daddy home?” Peter asks.
“Urgh! Sorry, where was I?” asked Hawkeye as another rogue came after him.
"Yep, just turned sergeant with his break on a case."
“For the most part. It’s not just his records, but scientific data and some of Dr. Erskine’s original notes. The public ones.” They stare at each other. “None of that explains the wall crawling.”
“Fucking Osborn. They barely gave Peter the time of day before kicking him out.”
,” Natasha greets smoothly.
Reflections of the past weeks here cascade in Bucky’s mind; he too had been out of sorts. Unlike Steve, Bucky did not have a room. Sam got the small guest room, while he lived on the couch. It meant that Sam had been able to help one person out. He forced Bucky to move and to wash and to take care of himself.
Fandral shrugged. “A child or chicken, perhaps. Although,” Fandral remembered that pretty maiden. What had she said? “Ah, yes. Volstagg had found the boy. Oh dear,” Fandral blanched. “He’s here and lost.”
Tony squeezes Peter tight in his arms. It does not bother Peter. Tony stinks from lack of hygiene and Peter’s sobbing all over with snot coming out. He does not care. Coulson left with a curt nod to Bruce who stays watching them.
Peter follows him, yawning on the way to the cabin. Loki opens it and the boy heads for the small lounge chair. He climbs up and falls fast asleep. Loki sniffs.
“Peter! You frightened us,” Steve says. “Spider monkey, you’re not supposed to climb on that chair.”
“Not lie,” Tony blurts out.
“Not good,” Bucky says. He thinks of what Sam told him. How much he should reveal to this newly awakened Steve. But, then again, Steve never liked bullies. “Pete’s getting bullied. A lot.”
Now to wait for Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
Hope shot up and left, Pym behind her.
Steve was up. He had no reason to be up, but, alas, he was and he surveyed the room. All normal since he and Tony’s last visit to the Malibu house. The ocean’s waves hit the beach outside and the alarm was still active, as far as Steve could tell from the signal on his phone. He was about to cuddle with Tony when—
“I think he does,” says Tony.
Peter had talked, in his way, and Thor knew how long they had him.
Peter understands because he draws above the two men symbols. The tall one has a star in a circular design and the next is a mask of some craft with rectangular features.
Tony’s glad it’s not the $10,000 adaptable screen table with internet. Because they moved into his father’s old mansion on Fifth Avenue. No, the table is regular stainless steel. The same kind his old man used in the workshop. Odd that Tony kept it and not sell the table like everything else in the house that was not nailed down or on the wall.
"I'll follow where you lead, Steve," Anthony said.
“Wonderful,” Bruce exclaims. “How do I keep this? I can’t lie.” He gestures to his FitBit, which is staying a steady beat so far. “And Barton keeps bugging me. The man literally comes out of the vent just to see me.”
"That is..well,uh,...oh I can't. I want nothing  more in this life than to come on the ground and join you!" Anthony yells.
“Come, brother,” he says.
“It was a risk, bringing Peter to you. I’d like to say I had no doubt—”
Phil eyes bulge. Fury smirks.
“Not for the boss’s reception,” Loki (Jules) retorts.
Loki places the fake files on the table, aware of Stark’s aversion to being handed things. The boy looks at him and Loki wonders what secret powers this child holds. No magic is present in the child, for he would feel it, but there is a power there. Loki glances back as Stark begins to sign the endless papers. This spell is simple enough, a distraction for the both of them. The Captain watches entranced also by the pen and papers.
Steve pats his shoulder. “Wasn’t asking for sitters. Trust me, we have five already offering and two who live with us. If you’re uncomfortable you don’t need to do anything. But you’ll come around,” Steve says with a smirk. “Not that you’ll completely change, but Peter’s kind of special in his own way. He’s hard not to love.”
“Anything else?” Tony asks, exasperated.
“Peter’s a smart kid. Darcy says he’ll be like his daddy when he gets older and rule the world,” Jane says. That gets a tiny smile out of Pepper, but she still has a terrible sense of dread.
Anthony wonders when that was enough for him. How long can it be enough?
“Catch,” he says.
Poor Steve is lost on the reference of Ann Nicole Smith until he asks, “Is she married to an older gentleman?”
Anthony slumps in his position and lets out a desecrating laugh.
“Tony,” she says, shaking. “Explain.”
“Language!”
“Did he kiss you?!” Tony shouts. “Did you kiss him?!”
He emerges from bed and signs about the rest of his suit. Steve signs back that it can be gotten once Peter is secure.
Peter gazed at the people running around the suite. Happy was sweating. He had his tux unbuttoned and cummerbund out. Peter sat in the lounge chair across from the groom as his daddy tried to calm the sweaty man.
It takes him two guesses because he thinks of Hue Heffner first then John Wayne.
"Oh," says the man. His face crestfallen. "Has no one seen one of my people?" he asks, distress.
The door’s open and a light is on; Steve readies his stance as the familiar heat of Tony’s repulsor is felt from behind.
“Ho! What trickery lies here,” Thor booms.
Steve turned around and inhaled as Peter waved to someone.
"And..." Steve prompted, frustrated.
Peter is laid up against Steve as the party ends. Little Harry is out too, and Mr. Osborn bids farewell.
Pepper receives the email on her SmartPhone, and she almost weeps at what she discovers. Luckily, Happy is there for an anchor and he holds her through the whole ordeal.
“So where we,” Steve retorts.
“We can’t lock Peter away. He’s not some treasure we hoard from the world because we’re afraid he’ll be taken.”
Steve felt a spike of jealousy. He stamped it down for this endeavor. Loki looked at him. The slender man appears to assess Steve.
His dad looked confused for a second. He turned to Peter and his eyes widened. Peter did not know why his dad still looked at him like that.
“Pops!” screams Peter’s voice.
Splashing water on his face to remove the grime from last night helps a bit. Though, facing himself in the mirror is difficult. He had been used to seeing Tony’s reflection looking back at him. How the man would admire himself in the mirror next to Steve. How Tony liked to remind Steve they were a “hot” couple.
“Not even a ‘hey, Buck,’” the man jokes.
Tony stares in Steve’s steely eyes. His breath quickens in realization.
Those four words break Steve.
“What are you doing here, Barnes?”
A ringing noise as Tony waited for Natasha to pick up. He tapped his scaly finger as the seconds ticked by, and then heard a calm voice say, “What?”
“Peter will return to us, not now, but when he is older. I know you miss him,” Stephen says.
He enters the driver’s seat.
Stark rubs his face. He lets out a humorless laugh.
Bruce nods. He hesitates to move any further in the big empty house.
The man shoots out of his chair causing it to fall back.
, which is about a boy who becomes blind, deaf, and mute. This happens after witnessing his father being murdered by his mother and her lover. And you say Peter was abandoned without explanation in the care of his much older relatives.”
Tony’s leg give out. Steve catches him
Even though he can talk, Peter still forgot to speak on most occasions. He still had his notepad and various pencils. Sometimes, Peter went a week without a word. His dads had yet to get used to his voice. JARVIS too seem daunted by him asking for something out loud. Peter wondered if he would become mute again.
“I do,” Tony says. Tears streak down his cheeks. He moves his arms finally and holds Steve. “I know. I just, Steve, I can’t forgive him. I can’t stop the envy. I’m selfish. You and Peter are the best in my life and I can’t lose you again. Please, don’t make me forgive him.”
Peter nods. He picks up his backpack and takes out the wet toilet paper. A small trash bag lies off to the side of the backseat. Mr. Happy sighs again.
Peter likes thin crust with extra sauce, onions, mushrooms, peperoni, and Italian sausage. Bucky grins and when the delivery boy arrives he holds out the large pizza and a bottle of coke. All Bucky has is vodka and water, so the coke will do for Peter. They eat in silence. Peter takes two pieces and mushes together. He eats it like a sandwich.
“I used too,” Bucky said. “I used to have a lot of things.”
“Spider-monkey,” he whispers.
He walks with determined loss. The trees and critters are familiar to him as he continues. The path stays straight. Today though, with the sun and the too many live things about, Steve's trusty shield, which won him many battles, feels heavier. He sighs. There is little in this life to bring him joy. Steve begs for war in his mind barely an hour spent without the need for action and a reason to fight. A reason to continue.
He cannot.
Thor shifts first. "I know it may sound odd and a bit far fetched, but what the wizard said is true. My lovely Loki is a former giant."
A minute passes. Then: “Let me finish the shower and I’ll tell you!”
Sam reluctantly takes Peter who stares at his pops scared.
Tony shoves Steve away. He stalks into the living room where his suits in briefcase form.
Loki looks to Thor. There is no hate in his brother’s gaze, only worry. It does not look good on the Might Odinson.
Footsteps two pairs walk out of the small apartment.
A few hours later, with coffee in hand, Steve has finished a story worthy for Hallmark. Bruce is skeptical, but Tony squashes it with the digitized documents of Peter’s adoption and obituaries.
“Daddy…”
“No,” Mr. Happy says. “None of that’s going to happen, Peter.”
He made a popping noise with his mouth. Pops chuckled. Peter smiled big. It dimmed because they had to talk. He wanted to know what happened to Pops and Dad. But, he wanted them more to spend time with him.
The last is a rental cabin in Chimdale Mountains.
“Shh, shh, papa’s here. I’m here,” he says.
Peter runs to the car where Mr. Happy holds the door open. Peter ducks in and the door shuts. Mr. Happy stares at the kids for a moment and they disperse. Today, Mr. Happy sees them.  Peter shucks off his Superman backpack. He sniffs snot dripping down his nose. Mr. Happy yells at the kids outside of the car with the leader, Ursa, sticking her tongue at Mr. Happy.
people and they deserve to hate me. I
“It’s about Peter,” Agent says in a concerned drone voice.
Peter rubs his eyes and nods at what he says. He looks around the small cabin and sees the open bathing chamber door. He walks to it, halts, and looks at Loki.
The boy smiles and holds up a place sign.
“Your dads are here,” Bucky says.
Steve smokes in silence. Bucky stares the whole time.
“I will try,” he says. It is not a lie.
"Shilling for your thoughts?" Steve asked.
The man smiled good-heartedly at her, and then frowned. “I am not sure, My Lady. I myself have never seen such unusual garb. If my memory serves me right,” he said, placing a boy finger on his bearded chin. “It was…well it seemed to be that of modern Midgard, however that is impossible.”
"We just wanna talk, Peter. We'll take you straight home to your dads and not bother you again today, okay?"
“Tony, you and Steve are keeping him locked up. Like some doll. He needs to go to school and meet kids. You said his aunt’s dead, well have you guys kept anything from her?”
Steve grins. “That works.”
Barnes chews at his meal slowly. His one arm holds the sandwich like it is a snake. Sam sits across at the bistro. After hours of being suffocated by these two, it is a relief to get one of them out. Sam hums at Barnes’ lackluster hunger and bites big on his Philly cheese. They continue in this silent eating for the remainder of the meal.
It took a few hours, and then some tinkering, but eventually Bruce had his results.
smart. The kids won’t like that Harry, the popular offspring of Osborn, has a shy friend. They’ll try to break him, Steve.”
“Ursa,” Peter says.
She stopped and shrieked upon seeing a small boy hanging upside down from the column. Sif sat frozen, her bottom had hit the floor, staring up at the small boy clinging on the column. From what Sif could see, there were no ropes holding him there. The boy crawled (CRAWLED!) down the column.
"Steve! Steve you came back!"
She saunters to them and bends down. Steve slowly pulls Peter from him to Tony’s arms.
Back in the cabin, Loki remains on the floor. Thor comes to him first and holds out manacles that only the dwarves can make.
Pooh-JARVIS nods.
Thor examines the two. He must see something because his face goes pale.
He regrets it a little, seeing the two wilt.
A beat.
"Ah, good. Another!" Thor bellows. It grabs the attention of the maiden.
“For who exactly?” said the girl.
“They had a fight, you remember?”
“What are we doing here?” Tony says, clipped.
“I’m a shitty dad,” Tony says. “And so’s Steve, but even you have to admit Coulson, no one’s gonna love or understand Peter more than the two of us. What….back in D.C. I lost….I just can’t see Steve yet. But, if you’ll leave I will go to my son and hug him.”
It’s going to be difficult for people under Hitler’s reign of terror. People will need to carefully band together to help those in danger hide. Or at least get out of danger. And Grant, don't give up on your guys, yourself, or me. You will be fine. I’m banking on it. I am too. They are great.
“There are traces of cologne sprayed on the inside; that’s the only new thing boss - old formula. Pour Un Homme de Caron,” Friday recited as Tony looked at the envelope. “Safe.”
And yeah, the bushiness is right. Wrong shape, though. You have made me look like I am plotting something evil. My ma raised a good Irish boy. I even still go to Mass, even though … Well. I believe in God, but I dunno if He is tied to a specific church, if you know what I mean? Seems like men come in and make a lot of extra rules, things He never did say. And that never quite sits right with me. But I go to Mass because it would make Ma happy. So, uh, less evil eyebrows? Whatever that means.
I don’t know about you but February is such a weird month. I would rather hibernate than go through it again. Glad it’s over.
Tony- 2007
His gaze fell to the rug as they continued walking. “Edward,” he finally murmured. “He’s in Malibu for work, right now.”
As a reminder
Expression softening into a smile, Steve played with the edges of the unopened letter. “Me too. He makes me so happy.”
“So just, what would we do exactly when we reach my place or the hotel - wherever we’re planning on stopping?” Hallie asked with a healthy note of suspicion. He couldn’t blame her; it was a weird offer.
Thank Pendragon for doing this a lot. And you are not allowed to talk shit about your body unless it’s your asthma and or your circulation again. You are stunning.
Tony sent the pictures and texted "You tell me Rhodey"
Franklin sounds like he’s great to be around. I am glad you have someone like that in your life. I might think about you curling up around me to help me sleep later. I enjoy that you're so comfortable with me. It makes it great to read your letters.
Grant,
By the time the end of January rolled around, the mural at the Carlyle was nearly done. Steve managed to get a photo taken of the section behind the bar, where Ella was clearly singing with her entire soul. The blond had been so pleased with his work that he had told his boyfriend that it might even be his masterpiece. Of course, that probably had more to do with the fact it was the biggest piece he had ever done rather than the quality of it. Because, while it was very good, it lacked the same level of warmth and intimacy usually found in Steve’s work. He had captured the magic of the concert, certainly, but he knew his own feelings from the experience - those of intense longing and love - had no place in the setting. So, he had carefully crafted a piece without those things, leaving it a bit more empty than it otherwise would have been.
PS: Hope you’re keeping busy this fall sunshine. Get as much of the sun as you can
P.S. A surprise sounds dangerous. But I am excited. We might have to count Pendragon’s sketch of me as your gift, depending on my work schedule. Thank you, though.
The whole fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us. Hitler knows that he will have to break us in this Island or lose the war. If we can stand up to him, all Europe may be free and the life of the world may move forward into broad, sunlit uplands. But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new Dark Age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science.
They didn’t reflect a home in the country. They didn’t reflect the, probably, seven dogs and twelve cats that would inhabit a large place they’d share. They reflected the fight in him, sure. But, they didn’t reflect his home. They would remember Captain America. They weren’t going to remember Steve. They wouldn’t know anything about Grant. And he wasn’t going to be able to shout back at him. Be able to shout about how much he loved this son of a bitch. This fucking ballsy man that was proclaiming his love on a piece of art that echoed to him now. Tony was still seated staring at the mural every moment wanting that hand on his shoulders.
(See the end of the chapter for
And when March finally bloomed like a breath of fresh air, the Brooklynite had hopes that things would take a turn for the better. Until Arnie came to deliver some difficult news. After the redhead left, Steve sat down on the windowsill and stared blankly out the window for unfeeling hours. Then, unbending his body with a crack, he moved to grab a piece of paper.
Sorry.
Spinning to face them, Arnie planted his hands on his hips. “Michael Bech, don’t you sass me. I could get inspired. And what would I do if I was inspired and didn’t have what I needed?”
“I’ve dreamed that my parents had marks on them that didn’t fit a car crash since I was six. But I don’t know if it’s a dream or something I made up.  I dreamed I looked at their bodies during the wake. That they had marks that didn’t look like they were from a car crash. But there’s nothing that documents those marks anywhere,” Tony said carefully. “It’s probably a dream but uh… Obie has said it was just me dreaming, “ Tony added as Jarvis gently held him back just far enough to look at his face.
"I'll lose all my powers and become mortal completely," Anthony said. "The frantic look for a mate won't be needed, I can wait. Not to worry about a fate worse than death."
The woman smiles and gives him the papers. Peter looks up at daddy.
Sam is the one who makes noise about the “wrongness” of this situation. Thus, Steve sits on his bed slumped over in his sweats and awaits Sam’s next tirade in the afternoon.
Tony is down there with Bruce and Peter, playing with the bullet-proof spandex.
Bruce’s astonishment wears off; he gently nudges Steve’s shoulder and waits for the soldier to wake. Steve snorts and mutters, “’ust fovemore minits, son.”
don’t want to take Peter away.”
“—and use his powers to when our magnanimous
I was hoping to have this whole fic finished before Christmas, but I only got these two chapters. I wanted to post them before I get too busy again. Please don't think I am taking another hiatus.
“Shut up, Sam,” Tony says.
“Have you been able to decrypt the medical files?”
“Yeah, a suit case…” Tony trails off. His eyes widen like he’s discovered a new solution.
"Please," Mr. Coulson pleaded.
Bruce thinks.
Ursa Vanderbilt is the girl in the pigtails. She makes fun of him because Peter has two dads. She follows Peter and throws things in his hair. Every morning, his locker opens to notes from her and others. They all say the same thing. “Two dads can’t have a baby.”
“I missed you, pops.”
“We’ll find him,” Happy says. “Whatever that Loki guy’s done, he’ll know soon enough not to shit with the Avengers’ kid.”
“What?”
“Guys, what do you want me to do?”
“I’ll take that,” he said to a scowling Fury.
“No, he makes them good,” Peter says.
Peter crawled down the column and surveyed the large room. He then heard voices coming. Peter sprinted the other way in hopes of find his friend and getting home.
“You don’t have to. You owe me nothing for this. I should’ve come up with a better plan to tell you. I should’ve talked to you more. I hurt you, Tony.”
“Let the festivities continue,” he announced.
Bucky jumps out of the hammock and stands ready too for whatever this is.
“We have reservations at the Capitol Hill.” Tony looks at the Tiffany watch on his wrist. “We should’ve headed there earlier.”
“Never know, might be something he catches before us,” Fury says.
“Yeah, she’s over her shock and I’m never mad,” Tony says with a grin. Steve pinches his butt.
“I don’t know!”
“So, whoever’d taken that one would have been turned into a giant lizard,” Tony says.
“My brother,” he says. Jane leans down with him and puts her hand on his shoulder. “Loki is alive and he has enchanted my teammates. Do not fret, Lady Pepper, it will fade after a time.”
Tony hacked in all the cameras from New York to New Jersey where the distress signal ended. JARVIS calculated all the possible directions Loki could have taken. They were lucky to have a hotel employee remember the corvette with the odd man and the boy. Tony and Bruce spent over thirty hours searching through security footage at gas stations and Steve went out with Sam and Thor to ask highway troopers.
Steve could not read the man's face. The tears dried and Anthony stared intently at the axe.
Tony stares at Coulson’s face. Tears roll down his face but he sees the stoic man’s worry.
Peter gave him an odd look, as Tony face palmed and Steve just shook his head.  Bruce sighed. The deed was done and he had enough DNA for him to run a good analysis.
“Yeah,” Peter says. “My daddy said you were the first supervillain he fought and that you weren’t all that bad. Mostly show-offy.”
"Hmhm," Anthony hummed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s a surprise,” he whispers.
“Seriously, why are
“Out of the room,” he says.
“Thank you,” Steve says.
Steve should not be here. He knows he is pushing for more when he and Tony have a lot of damage to repair. But, he’s always been that way. Pushing the boundaries and hoping for the best. The jet has landed and as the stairs are propped to the door, Steve stands at rest.
Heimdall swallowed. He was saved by Thor’s booming voice.
“No, kid. Your dad’s…..Mr. Stark’s still at the tower. There’s repairs that need to be done since the Radioactive Man attack and..,” he stops. “How ‘bout you and I get some ice cream, today. I know it’s been a while since I took you to Serendipity.”
That strikes to the former soldier’s heart. Captain America sounding defeated.
“Peter,” he says. He stops and breathes. “We’re not mad. Your pops and I just don’t like when you go off. But….Sam was with you and someone knew where you were. If Sam,” he points. Steve squeezes a bit in the headlock. “Hadn’t taken out your GPS, then we could have found you earlier.”
After Bruce says this, he goes a bit pale. “This kid’s a survivor.”
It stirs Steve inside to be so close to him again.
“No,” Tony says.
“What do you want, Bucky?” he says, defeated.
“So, the kid has some hidden secrets,” Bruce says.
“Uh, well, about…him…. Arachne-kid, he’s your pops old friend and he
Heimdall in all his millennia is dumbstruck when a Midgardian child appears. The god stares at the boy, losing some concentration of other worlds. He finds his voice eventually, but that is after the boy comes up to him and says in a Wisp’s voice, “Hurt?”
He takes a sip of his ale. Thor gulps it down.
“I forgot Peggy!” Steve exclaims.
They get in the car, where Happy smiles at them. They drive and on the way Happy pulls down the partition. He looks back at them and hands Tony a small box.
“I don’t have any clothes,” he says.
So, to explain, there is no straight p.o.v and if the chapter is a bit confusing please tell me. I meant to put as a stream of views into people at a crowded place and to follow them as things happen. Also, the last bit, of course Fury has three agendas. Also, I realized I left out Sam Wilson. I will rectify that later on.
“I don’t. But this,” he croaks out a laugh. “This calls for it.”
The scene falls to Peter and Loki on the floor, shocked. Peter recovers first and runs to Hulk. He jumps into the giant’s arms and says everything is okay. Next is Steve who removes his cowl and almost wails at finding Peter unscathed.
Bruce sees the jibe because if anyone is worse at lying on the team, it’s Steve.
She leaves and Steve sits at the opposite chair.
The two parted, Peter waving good bye all the way to the elevator.
Tony steps out and Steve loosens his hold on Sam.
“I’m normal size for a preemie,” he says. “That’s what my pops told me. And daddy says I’ll grow normal once I hit puberty.”
Bruce looks at him a grimness set to his mouth.
Peter does not understand.
“Everyone, this my daughter, Hope. We’re pleased to meet you, but we only came by to drop these off,” he said.
The formatting is off to me because I am posting this from my Kindle and I have yet to figure out how to make it look right. Also, next few chapters are going to be small fluffy ones because this slight angst is getting to me and to fill some plot points.
Pepper snorts a laugh. “He’s not the “Avengers” kid.” She uses air quotes. “Peter is Tony and Steve’s kid.”
“I guess you two trashed Sam’s place if you’re panting this much. Swing by your old place, that’s where we are. Peter’s having fun with your record collection you left here,” Tony says.
Steve lets go first once Anthony calms. The small frown on the man's face disappears quickly. Steve knows that he wanted more.
Steve sighs and gets Peter moving after a few silent moments.
Steve did not tell Anthony. Anthony did not ask. Instead, for the whole visit, Steve wondered about Strange's last words.
“Steve,” Dad says. Pops looks at Dad. “You and Peter may have the energy of a perpetual motion wheel, but I gotta rest my legs at some points.”
“You mean atoned.”
“Yes,” Tony says, tightly. “I believe all that was obvious. Also, we’re talking who made the sickest rock musicals, it was Queen’s
“I noticed you visited the same facilities not days after they left,” Fury said.
"I can't say the name right. Anyway, dad says that this man had taken some of the immigrants back to their home. He had them dig up the metal from under the king's mine. So, dad found a pattern in the victims. He had someone be bait, a new officer who had a Wakandan girlfriend, and caught some of the kidnappers. The rest is the law process and that's really boring. I think the ringleader was caught, but I don't really know. Dad said the feds took over. He thinks they're working for SHIELD," she finished. Her face took on a dark grimace at the mention of SHIELD.
He moves about the apartment, frantic. His fingers shake and objects drop from his hands. Steve finds Bucky’s room. The bed and everything in the room is bleak and utilitarian. Steve cannot pass the threshold. A hand brushes his shoulder. Steve is a rock. Bucky passes him and lifts his neatly folded pillows. In his human hand is a pack of Marlboro.
Bucky’s eyebrows shot into his hairline. He was not in the game today; he did not notice that Peter had finished the still-life and started another paper.
He is on his knees when Bucky shakes him.
It opens silently to an Asian man. He smiles serenely at them and nods.
“Hey,uh, punk…?” Bucky says.
“Pepper asks JARVIS for help,” Happy yells from the other side.
There is no time for scolding as the hour comes and they are to go to their places for the ceremony. Peter is thrusted behind a little girl with pigtails and a yellow dress. Behind, Miss Potts holds out her arm for pops as he is to give her away.
“Peter, the nice man in a dress did not invite us—”
“Where’s Sam?” Steve asks upon noticing the missing Falcon.
“Actually, Mr. Stark-Rogers,” says a crisp voice. Another man with a cape and medallion stands next to the other. He also smiles calmly and greets them with a nod. “My manservant, Wong, much like your son, speaks a language entirely his own. I am Dr. Strange and we’ve been expecting you for some time. Come in, young man, Wong has prepared some snacks in the parlor and I will speak with you before we begin.”
“Our boy can talk Tony,” he said, breathless. “Peter can speak. It’s beautiful.”
“Well, they made the original rock musical with
“Don’t blame yourself; their cheering squad wasn’t into it either,” Fury said, glancing at Steve and Tony. Their faces are serene as they watch Peter with Ms. Lewis and the Osborn kid begin a game of thumb wars. “I think we doubted them too much.”
“Please forget us,” she whispers.
“There’s some sketchy stuff you and I need to tinker in,” Tony says and he reveals the medical documents. There is also a detailed but shady of one Arthur Parker.
Thor’s eyes widened. He had heard of his friends’ trouble in getting a child. He looked at the boy and was gladdened that they found one.
“Bathe, and then eat. After I will allow a short rest for you, but be reminded we are on a short schedule until I can have a new domain.”
Tony, who’s usually composed and suave, is now rumpled and anxiety is clear on his face. Pepper stands, fists clenched and waits again.
“Of course not, I never gave her my private number. I am here on a…magnanimous visit.”
What the hell do they say?
They had gotten him a telescope and astrological map with handwritten directions to by Heimdall for unclaimed (by Midgardian standards) constellations.
The first thing said is by Rhodes.
‘What else happened?’ he signed slowly to Steve.
Pepper never shows up. Steve squeezes Tony’s hand as they sit down to eat. The menus contain three items on each list. Steve knows Peter and Harry Osborn will order everything. Steve leans over and whispers in Tony’s ear, “Peter’s made a friend.”
Peter points to a parchment and then the picture of two men. Volstagg  tries to remember the tales of Thor and his adventures. Names are tricky and the pictures are simple.
“Y-yes, sir,” he said. He bolted for the table, careful to avoid the other guests.
He waited a pregnant moment and squeezed the axe tight.
Steve sits under the tree and allows the sunlight to wash his thoughts away.
“God, Pete. Who’ve you been talking with?”
“Steve,” Tony’s concerned voice says.
“I take it everything went well,” the man said as Peter gave him a fist bump.
Thor is about to say something and Pepper’s hands tremble, in this, she has not taken Peter’s absence.
“Then see if you’re webs can work. That fishing line stuff can cut your little fingers,” Bruce says. He feels his cheeks warm with both Peter and Nat give him a look.
“Simple, I will bring the young Peter to Thor, where he shall return him home,” Volstagg says proudly.
“Bucky, why did you tell me?”
“Language!” Peter exclaims.
“Fucking Barnes! Dammit.”
“I know he can,” said Tony. “And what the fuck, Bruce? A freakin’ needle.”
Steve stares at the camera and begins to talk.
Rhodey opened the door and Mr. Sam hung up.
“I will make this right,” he said. “I will not hurt you or Peter again.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I see you’ve gotten a new addition,” said Fury.
“Good,” Tony says. “Good.”
“A while. He asked about me and you and pops. He said he had a lot to catch up on and that pops could help him. He said that he wanted to be part of our life, like an uncle. He said that when it’s okay, he’ll tell me the whole truth.”
“Happy, your wedding's not until June, can’t you ball up and tell my CEO that I’m going without a stupid invite.”
“Anyone else, but Bucky, Tony. I would do everything to ensure you had some peace at night. That I could take this one ghost from you,” Steve says.
"Remember this," Da said. "Peter remember this place. It was where I met Tony and one of the few places your people are connected to." Da came closer and held Peter looking at him. "Your papa's people are still within our world. They're just mortal now walking among us. But, their stories, their presence, will always be felt."
“I have Hill waiting for me with the same updates,” Fury said sipping his drink again. “This is damn good. That said Coulson if you don’t answer me and tell me the truth I’ll have her give me the report, and then dig for the rest myself.”
Steve cannot say if he would have stopped Sam. Steve gets off the floor and stares at Bucky. At his unruly, his metal arm….the bags under his eyes. He shudders.
With that, Loki sniffed and got up. Thor chugged his ale and followed behind him.
“Yep, you two go discuss,” he said, hoping Coulson was still stunned in the corner and Fury did not notice the veins in his neck.
T TO FORGET PEOPLE I LOVE.
“Well, that for most cases, but you’re cute. The cutest little boy I’ve ever met,” Bucky teases, a remnant not stolen from HYDRA.
“When does school start?”
“Tony--”
adoptions secret. Why, the day Loki was brought we had a grand feast with performers and gifts for all. I was unable to attend the last,” Thor said with some tact. “However, Young Peter has been your ward for months. I do believe it is time to be mentioned. And his powers are extraordinary. Lady Sif has never been caught off guard as such, and by one so small,” Thor said, smiling at Peter.
“Peter! Please, has someone seen a small boy!” Volstagg came in yelling. He was frantic, his fuzzy hair wilder, and he was panting.
The boy is trying to reassure
Bruce comes to pet the boy’s hair. “I wish he let me this close when he’s awake. But, I guess till I’m no longer Dr. Needles that won’t happen for a while.”
“He’ll come back,” Stephen says. “And when he does, it won’t be fleeting.”
Lost in his drawings, the shadow watching over Peter did not faze him; for Peter’s spidey-sense (as daddy trademarked it) did not ring out. He did notice something there, but it gave no move as to get near him. Peter did not ponder long on this because the next thing he saw was Mr. Sam jogging to him.
“Go on,” Steve says.
Mr.Coulson was staring at him. Peter felt it. It was not like his spidey sense, which tingled often before danger. No, this was something Peter did not understand.
Peter swung back and forth in his dads’ arms. They carried him through the streets of the Capital with his parents together in Lincoln Park. He felt like he was flying or jumping in style like when Nat helped him with his skate tricks. They did not talk much, but Peter was happy for that. Talking had too much energy.
This time, Rhodes has questions.
“Sounds grand,” Pops says.
Loki coughs and the three look to him.
“Come on before Peter eats all the curry.” Bruce motions for Tony to follow.
He deactivates his armor. The suit turns into a suitcase.
Stark walks back to Steve. They kiss. The sting in Bucky’s chest lessens every day. And then, a blur of red and blue comes out of the house to the mansion’s backyard.
The next day, Peter squirmed in his seat as Bruce came up with the cotton swab. Steve was there too, rubbing circles on Peter’s back. Bruce wondered if he was labeled as the “Bad doctor” in the poor boy’s mind.
Silence again.
Fury pulled out a small package and smiled charmingly. Peter made a noise and hid his face in Steve’s neck.
“Peter,” he says.
Bucky leaned closer to watch Peter draw. The picture was nice and all, but he obviously did not inherit his dad’s talent for art. Peter had the eye though and that made a difference.
“I said I’ll think about it. And he’s best friend number two. Rhodey is one and platypus king. Pepper’s the mother hen, next to Steve. Anyways, I have the data on this spider-kid, thanks for the update, and I found him.”
Steve stared up at Anthony's face.
“You’re fathers are in bad shape,” says Coulson.
Loki thinks viciously. He crumples the hat and throws on the floor. Peter eyes water at that.
“We can also rent a movie tonight if you want,” Mr. Happy says. “I think there’s some new stuff this week.”
“Just two coffees, black, and a piece of key lime for me,” Sam says.
“Good. Both Steve and Tony are terrible at communication, which is the back bone of any relationship’s power. There’s a misunderstanding they cannot get passed, mainly Tony, and your other father Steve is unable to voice the real concerns. So, until those are resolved, it is of utmost importance that you, Peter, stay with one of them and visit the other. I have arranged for you to fly down to D.C. for next weekend to see Steve. And you are here to kick Tony into shape. He needs you,” Coulson finishes.
The crestfallen look on his face does not soothe Steve’s nerves.
“Wait, o! Bear Volstagg, pray thee, what brings you here? Are you not off duty till the morrow?”
Experimentation.
They need to talk. Peter knows that. Uncle Bruce told him that he has to make his dumb parents talk to each other. But, for now, all he wants is to be with them. All together.
Mr. Happy breathes loud, like he does when he does not want to tell Miss Pepper something.
“Why do need it?” Steve asks.
So, Bucky does the only thing he can. He sits on the bed and wonders how long it has been since Steve’s sheets were washed.
Steve embraces his husband. He kisses Tony. Kisses like he should have the first time they. Kisses him like he should have when he found Tony alive in the desert with Rhodey. Kisses him like on their wedding day. Kisses him for it just may be the last time he can.
His husband does not look him in the eyes. His faceplate is down. Steve only looks away when—
If I ever mentioned anything different about their wedding, please tell me. I reread this one and the first one, but I could have missed something. Please and thank you.
“We haven’t been able to figure it out yet,” Steve said. “I gotta go before Tony comes flying through.”
Steve takes a breath through his nose. He sits on the bed next to Tony.
The guards and Sif argued more as Volstagg came up with the boy.
“He’s out on the couch waiting for you with Dr. Banner,” Coulson says. He turns but stops. “Don’t make me regret this.
“What is it?” asks Peter.
Soon his Willow Man will not have to settle for this small reprieve. Steve has won his first battle.
Stephen let’s go of the boy. He looks to the parents and sees the protectiveness they share.
The man smiles and sits up legs folded.
“That is all Ms. Potts. Have a good day Pep,” Tony answered.
Grant, I enjoy you calling Sunshine because I think that is one of the first positive things you remember being said about yourself. That your hair gets like sunshine during the summer, and that is just damn gorgeous. I am glad that it makes you so happy. And oh my god, you’re calling me honey. You are just going to miraculously kill me without laying a hand on me, aren’t you?
Take care of yourself.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you. While I like that, I like Tony better. May I have the permission to call you Serena?” Tony asked with a smile.
“No shit.”
That night as Tony found himself in another dark club with too much liquor and not enough preservation, he knew he made out with a blond. One just as gone as he was. Everything else about the stranger felt off. Not the right shade of blue, not the right hands. He wakes up blearily in his bed when a door slams. Tony groans as he stumbles to the kitchen staring at a pile of his watches on the kitchen table.
I hate so much that people dismiss me immediately because I am small and frail. I hope you would not think poorly of me because of my body, but … I thought it best for you to know right away what I am like, just so you did not get the wrong idea of what I am like. My ma always said it was never wise to fall in love with a dream, because eventually you will wake up. If it helps in your imagining, I have blond hair and blue eyes. Franklin says I should describe myself with prettier words, but language has never been my gift. I would do better to send you a painting - that is the language I excel at.
I am honored you have drawn so many things for me for free. And they make my garage feel even more like a small home in my home. I love them. The grumpy Grant Knight, Sir Van Gogh is going to have a lovely home. I hope he finds perhaps a friend or some food soon. Is he any closer to what you look like?
And there it was. It was on paper, and he’d said it out loud. Tony tucked the copies he made of photos Steve sent into the wallet and put that beside Ana’s stationery kit for the time being.
Stepping out into the hall, Lee eyed the blond. “Want to borrow my rain slicker and umbrella? You look just about fit to run out the door without so much as a hat.”
“I would go for it. I don’t know the actual name but you see the cute lighter haired one by the jukebox?” Tony pointed to Pendragon and his boyfriend by the jukebox. “That’s his friend that sculpts. They met in anatomy. I’ve been distracted or I would have more on him besides he’s  a ginger.”
Rolling his eyes, Bucky collapsed on the bed next to Steve and sprawled over as much of the surface as he could reach. “Dunno. Where would I be?” He playfully nuzzled Steve’s calf. “Not taking a certain punk to the hospital. He avoids it like the plague.”
Arnie snorted. “You need to talk to him about your feelings, Steven. The man can’t read your mind. And he certainly can’t see how hard you’re pining from him.” Rolling his eyes, he draped an arm across the seat behind Michael. “You give off more heartbroken heroine vibes than any dame from Shakespeare. It’s getting a bit ridiculous, kid.”
“Perish,” the teacher drawled. “Wither clean away because the muses claimed your soul in exchange for disappointing them.”
“I don’t have specifics in mind, but someone paid a great deal of money. Or someone willing to spend a lot, because I wasn’t privy to even try to examine the bodies at the wake.” Jarvis seemed to stare at the bourbon catching the light. “Or willing to pay for this information to be hidden. Aunt Peggy would have more ideas, I’m sure, but things have been difficult recently. I’ve been worried for a while.”
“So this is a bit surreal. You,
Are things any better where you are? Will you be okay, honey?
“Ty, I want a Cosmo,” The woman whined.
Pepper was a little quiet so far - thoughtful as she held the box with her gift. A small smile tugged her lips. “Sure, Mr. Stark,” she teased softly. “For once, everything actually is all about you.”
“Don’t worry, dearest. You are my heart and soul.” The pair shared a soft kiss. And no one in the room, aside from Steve and Bucky, seemed to so much as bat an eyelash at the display. “We can admire their fine figures together.”
As for getting enough. Well, we do the best we can. Lately Franklin and I have been lucky to pull some steady work. I am painting watch faces of all things. It is tedious, but it does give my mind time to wander a bit. And being able to pay the rent is always a good thing. If we get another week like this, I may even be able to go see a few pictures! I have been hoping to see Angel Street when it comes out, but it will really depend on me not getting sick. So far so good, though.
"Well... if you are offering it with a kiss," Tony frowned a small moment. Before letting Ty swap spit and pill.
He let out a slow breath and checked to make sure the stall was empty. Then, sliding inside, he pulled the curtain shut behind him. Squinting at the instructions, he read them carefully. First came adjusting the seat so his eyes would be at the right level. It was almost comic just how much he had to raise it; whoever had used the booth last must have been a giant. He then sat down, squirming back into the seat so he did not feel like he was about to fall off the edge. Steve turned slightly at an angle, like the instructions said, and carefully pulled out a quarter. “I only hope this works,” he muttered, still not certain of the technology’s capabilities. Once he dropped the coin into the machine, he could hear it begin to whirl.
Maria is going to love hearing you’ve got Franklin’s sisters learning from the guide. I love it. And the art you did for her!  I think I know just the frame to get for this too. I’ll tell you her thoughts after my training with her.
I saw the piece you did for the cover, and Grant, Grant, Grant, that is fantastic. I love her hair. I like the movement and the colors are great. And that’s your art on a cover! I want to use it for wallpaper. It's so stunning.
Tony sent that letter and slid to the floor. He was a tiny bit proud of himself for finally just being clear about his feelings and their situation. Being the person to ask: what the hell are we? Clear communication skills being practiced; go him. Rhodey and Pep would be so proud.
“That would not be professional. And I really wasn’t professional that night,”  Maria replied firmly, before dropping her shoulders. “But doing something like that would be a great project while you’re recovering from this. Jarvis can snap the pictures so Rhodey doesn’t see you being owned again.”
Sighing, Steve rubbed a hand over his eyes. He hated to think of Eddie reading those awful words, and yet… there was something good about having written them. Something good about knowing someone would read the things he didn’t dare to say out loud. All he could hope was that Edward would not judge him for being too weak minded.
Steve gave a little nod. The two beta’s relaxed at the gesture, and Bucky moved to signal one of the other men over. “We’ll see about getting you some food and cleaned up,” the brunet explained to the omega. “Make sure you’re not injured. Alright?”
Grant.
“Good,” Tony heaved a sigh. Aunt Peg might be able to help him. It was that dire of a situation he wasn’t even born yet.
"Ty, babe, they know me. And I thought I told you I was going to be a little late. Unless the schedule changed?" Tony asked, looking from the group and then back at Ty.
The blond hesitated. “I don’t know how to be intimate with someone. And with my health being what it is, I ain’t even sure that I could give him much. I can’t even sleep through the night.”
I was actually charmed by that little letter of yours, it’s just the fact I even got a letter was a surprise. The box was a gift from a friend who knows my taste. It was my birthday and a private evening compared to the… event my last party was. I thought the first letter was a prank, or a gift from a person dear to me. I am delighted by the sketch you have left for me and I could praise your line work for days.
“And I want an appletini,” one of the others chimed in.
Tony stared. And kept staring. “Holy shit,” he finally said after a moment. “The one that is across the whole damn bar with Louis Armstrong in another section. That was all you?” Tony asked, reeling. He wasn’t sure what his face was doing but this was news to him.
Just like part of him didn’t want to trust this idea that Ty was actually going to try for something steady between them; that they agreed to something mostly monogamous. They both had to have a few dates now and then with some women to put the effort to seem straight. But nothing serious and no sex with other people. Even with all of that, though, the brunet was still going to insist on protection. Jarvis had drilled that into his head very young the utter importance of it; he had lost numerous friends to the HIV/AIDS crisis. Tony could hope things would work with Ty.
I hope you enjoy it. That sounds like a dream.
I think my mom would have loved you too. She was passionate about the arts and music according to what I have heard and read. And Ana, she would probably rant about the quality of education and teaching between classes and how things like reading and fostering a love for books are so important.  But also finding someone's passions and encouraging them.  She would love you.
-Edward
I want to hear you talk about them.
“I worry more about you than myself Tony. I can handle myself just fine. Grant brings out the things in you I had always known. It makes me happy to see you happy,” Jarvis explained as he set his popcorn bowl to one side. “So what did you end up sending him?”
Steve blinked. “Me? I’m just a kid from Brooklyn.”
Grant,
And if you do not like honey, I can always call you something else. Sweetheart, sugar, bird, darling, doll, dear, or even angel face. Or I can call you what I call Franklin: jerk or punk. Your pick.
That family friend of yours sure seems amazing. Almost unreal, like some sort of super man. I can understand why you would fancy him so much. But, Eddie, I am sure you would deserve someone that good. You seem smart and creative and so kind. He would be real lucky to have a fella like you, if there were any way for it. As for history books. Well, we all know they have a way of only telling what people want to hear. Maybe he was like us: hiding because it was not safe for him to be who he really was. That weighs on me sometimes. That every day of my life, however long that is, I have to lie to the people around me. Everyone expects I will settle down with some dame, have a pack of kids, and be just like everyone else in the neighborhood. But what if I do not want that? What if that is not who I am? I am scared I am going to lose myself, just so I do not get arrested. Maybe it is the honesty in me, but I do not think I could go my whole life lying about who I want to love.
I am also real sorry about your folks. Losing them that suddenly must have been real difficult, especially given the last conversation you had with them. At least with Ma she died slowly and we had a lot of time for our goodbyes, even if I hated losing her. She died of tuberculosis. In some ways, I always wished she went fast so she did not have to waste away. But, I guess there are small mercies in dying of sickness. Sorry. I am not very good at offering comfort or anything like that. If I were there, I probably would have just held onto you. Touch and time just being together can mean more than words, I think.
“Okay… time to get down,” Tony muttered out loud as he looked at the ground. He reached the controller for the rig and let it set him down gently. Once the harness was stripped off, he carefully set it back on its hook. Then, sauntering over to the couch, he settled himself back down on the cushions to doodle. On one screen, Tony began pulling up reference photos for Katherine Hepburn while searching for eyebrows on another. Finding some good ones, he pulled them up to a bigger size and began to doodle the woman as a witch. She was, of course, cursing Sir Grant with different eyebrows in each frame.
Tony nodded momentarily wishing he’d brought the wallet with him, patting at where the wallet would have sat. “Yeah, that should do it.” Tony strode with his back straight and momentarily rubbed his fingers together as he walked. He took a sniff ignoring the alley smell and tried to brace himself. He was going into this blind. Besides the fact it was in disrepair, he had no idea what he was going to see as he turned left and stared. “Oh, honey.”
-Grant
It has come to my attention that in the MCU the 1932 Ford Flathead Roadster we see a picture of Howard Stark and a Tiny Tony working on belonged to his father. As a reminder the one Tony is working on with Rhodey was Purchased in an auction. Howard had one but for his own reasons, Edward Stark sold it if he did. "Because it reminded him of people he could never live up to."
Jarvis hasn’t really moved on from his wife either. We haven’t talked much about it. But he really is my father in all the ways that count.
Also, we live!
Sorry if that was really dark. But as for that last question how I knew I had things in common with Oscar. There’s this person my grandfather helped whose legacy kind of shaped things for our family. I’d found paintings of him, and he was one of the most beautiful people I’d ever seen. And then I learned more. He was brave, he was loyal, clever, stubborn as hell. He was everything I didn’t think I’d deserve in a person who could like me. The thing was, I could never meet him. He died long before I was born. History says he liked women anyway. Not a single hint of any other preferences. Guess I’m lucky like that.
Switching over to his notes app, he continued writing his letter to his artist.
Been real cold lately, seems like. Yesterday Franklin said it was the coldest weather on record for the day - a full fifteen degrees below what we usually see. My lungs have been letting me know in no uncertain terms how they feel about that kind of weather. I have a bit of a cough creeping in, and I can only hope it does not develop into something worse. If nothing else, being out of a job means that I can stay bundled up at home. Franklin’s ma made me a new blanket with random bits of yarn leftover from some of her other projects. It is not much to look at - kind of hideous, really - but it is as warm as anything. And I was able to patch that hole in the windowsill like you told me to. It worked a treat.
He had to cool his jets. And then get on some jets and make some calls. But first, he had to finish penning in some additional advice before sending his letter.
She nearly tripped. “Seriously?” Catching herself, she stopped ogling at him in order to keep walking. “Those kinds of records would be absolutely invaluable to our study of these murals. The only record we have of him is that his name was S. Rogers and what dates each painting was begun and completed.”
Steve did not, however, let Tony see the corner of the bar where he had painted himself and his boyfriend. There was no fun in that, he figured since he would rather see the brunet react to that in person. All he mentioned was that when Tony saw it, he would have to look for the surprises Steve had left for him to find.
Also, thanks again to Anna for being our reader. <3 Sorry for the delay in chapters. Py and I have had a rough couple of weeks, but we are back on track for our weekly updates. And oh boy, we can't wait for you to see what's coming. :)
A frown flickered across her face. “Interesting.” As they turned the corner, she gestured to it. “This is admittedly one of my favourites of the time period. There is something so… joyful about it. About four years ago it was actually restored to its original glory, as best we could manage based on early photographs and documentation. We call it the Arthur Avenue Diner Mural.”
Inside of the house was every inch as eclectic as the outside hinted at. They stepped into an entryway, where a rather intense-looking man with piercing dark eyes took their coats. “Arnie, glad you could make it! And who are these fine chaps?”
And uh, Pepper is the one who tries to stop bad ideas. Rhodey will try and then we both end up doing whatever bad idea it was sometimes. College was a very fun time for that. Rhodey would be the one to try to use the time machine to go back and kill Hitler preemptively. And I would probably help.
My heart aches for them.
Your skill as an artist is amazing and you’ve got me flustering a bit. I build and design a lot of things. Weapons primarily, but I am working on communication devices, some engines. I’ve had enough schooling and learn quickly enough that I can master a lot of things quickly. Maybe I should build you a suit of armor or give you a shield. Sounds like you have a lot of bruises a lot of the time there.
Hi? Hello.
“Be honest, Steve. Or at least .. I don’t know. Give him an opening for that conversation. I know you don’t have much experience with relationships, but you say he has. So you could try signalling your interest a little stronger?” Michael knew it was not the best option - not nearly so much as just being upfront about how you felt - but he also knew Steve’s stubbornness. He had to work out for himself how he was going to let Eddie know he was interested in more. The man just hoped Steve would do it soon because even he was getting sick of all the pining..and he had only known Steve for a couple of months.
“Processing a new command I popped into his programming last week. There he goes.” Tony grinned as the bot finally made his way toward the brunet with the letter in his claw. Tony watched him with a grin and then yelped as the bot nearly dropped the letter into the tub; catching it in just time. “Okay, close enough for now, thank you. That was nearly a disaster.”
I blame capitalism. Those punks are always makin it about who has the most money and knows the right people. THey don’t care about the little guy. They don’t care about women. All they care about is if they have money and if they can get their dicks wet. Screw them. Did yknow that my ma had to be burried - buried? in the poor part of the gaveyard? Just because we werent from one of the old families that had been donating to the diosees since the beginning of time. Absolutely gets my goat that these punks just talk out their asses about being like Christ and doing Christian goodness, but then they hide the poor as far out of sight as they possibly can. That ain’t right, Eddie. Ain’t Christlike. He would want them to treat everybody the same.
“Great. Honestly, since the cover was released, I have gotten a few tentative offers for more work.” A wide smile spilled its way across Steve’s lips, making him look like the young man he was. “I might not have to do any factory work, the next couple of months if this keeps up. And it’s all thanks to you all. Especially you, George.” Turning, he beamed at the mercurial man.
“Oh, and oh good Friday had paused it. And yes I am. Do I wake you from the couch in the garage Tony?” Jarvis asked with a yawn.
Tony breathed unsteadily imagining how Steve would probably, when he was like he was on the mural,  would seat himself on him and wrap his arms around him. Steve would probably stroke at his hair just like he described a few times. Tony was bleary-eyed and still seated on the ground when Serena found him. “Can you keep something secret?”
Edward
The pair shared a sad little smile before Bucky started for the door. “
Tony stared a moment, “So you’re telling me, this is like a precursor to those magazines with the coded phrases and abbreviations for gay guys,” Tony looked down at the little black mailbox and grinned. “That. Is. Incredible. I love it.”
Tony had heard a story from his aunt Peggy about how Howard had once met Carole Lombard. How it was during a New York premiere, and they went for drinks after. Peggy had said something about, “He’d found her quite lovely. This was prior to meeting your Grandmother, you know, and he’d meant to take Carole for a proper date. But that never quite happened. They had chatted and planned, but it never happened. It always bothered him.” Later Howard learned Carole had died in a plane crash. The Starks had awful luck when it came to love and vehicles.
“You’re a menace, Bucky Barnes. Why do I keep ya?” Reaching over, the artist gave his hair a bit of a tug. “Can’t believe your ma lets you out of the house lookin’ like you do. Your hair is so long it’s just about a rat’s nest.” He laughed as Bucky tried to swat at his hands. “Maybe you should beg one of your dames to cut your hair for ya.”
I'm sorry to hear the future scares you. I think it becomes easier with more friends around you. I also think moving forward is always worth it. And I think things will get better. They have to. But let me know when you have the funds to see Angel Street.
Jarvis nodded and took his own swallow. “If he catches on you surely won’t be safe. It may be wise to further expand on the self-defence courses that your parents had you take. But that’s going to be a balancing act since you must make sure he doesn’t think you believe he’s a danger. Maybe Rhodes could be amenable to teaching you some,” Jarvis mused.
“Yeah.” Steve smiled to himself. “It does.” And it made Steve ache with empathy, because being adopted usually meant you needed more family. He wondered about Edward - about if he was everything his few words made him seem to be. Nevermind the fact the man sounded absolutely gorgeous, but Bucky didn’t need to know that. “I’m goin’ to go write at my desk. If I’m still writing when you leave, could you swing by before you leave for work tomorrow? I -  I don’t wanna make him wait too long, y’know?”
I might be wrong, but I see something in you in the police officer. It’s the “I can save you” attitude. How you run into those fights. By the way, how are the bruises doing today? I want you to be careful about the gut shots you take. I bet Franklin can back me up on this: there is something in you like that officer.
“Wystan! So good to see you, handsome.” The pair exchanged a quick kiss on the cheek before Arnie gestured to his guests. “This is Steve Rogers, the artist I was telling you about. And this is his platonic soulmate, Bucky Barnes.”
“Of course. Anytime.” Arnie quickly went about packing up his materials while Michael swept up the shavings from his whittling.
Typically, my resolution is to survive a little longer. Mostly because Franklin tells me that is my job. We have had too many close calls for his comfort, I guess. Not all of which were the fault of illness and my remarkable ability to find a fight. But this year… maybe I will try for something beyond survival. Maybe this year I will try to get more jobs doing art. It is what I truly love, and I think I am pretty decent at it. I am sure there is some way to make it work.
Tony nodded. “The war did that to them too. Just shows how careful we’ll have to be after that. Avoid the bottle,” Tony gave a little smile and looked out in the dark again. “You getting enough to eat?”
The guidebook he and Maria crafted needed to be sent too.
Alas! My dread plan to stop you from enjoying the painting has failed. However shall I face the rest of the League of Wicked Men when they learn of my most egregious defeat? My name shall be blacked out from their books, and I shall be forced to wander in the wilderness of the Borough alone. All because of your victory. Woe is me.
I may not be much, but I promise I will be whatever you need me to be. If that is just a friend, I understand. But if you would have me, I would like to be your boyfriend. To just know that … I am yours. And you are mine. For however long we have.
-Grant
Tony sent the letter off before grabbing leftovers from the fridge. The missile seemed enough that it could placate Obie in the future. Hopefully. Pricey, showy, reliable, and destructive. Stark Industries. Tony grabbed a smoothie as well as he went back down to work. Another day, another weapon. Wouldn’t his forefathers be proud?
“Thank you!” Steve patted his pockets. “Do I owe you anything?”
Tony- 2007
“Boss, this paper is from the thirties. It’s from an old paper mill in the Bronx that closed in 1958 called Abbott Brothers. There is nothing that will harm you in there.” Friday recited from the speakers.
“Must be something fancy. Felt like a book to me,” Bucky mused. “I’ll try to get this dropped off in the morning before my shift, though. So it’s sure to arrive before his birthday.”
I would have way too much fun with a time machine, but I wouldn’t go alone. This is why I would drag you. Just pluck you up from Brooklyn and go roaming. I’d see Franklin and probably find you sooner or later then tell him I was borrowing you for an afternoon. I think Rome in the ’50s would be done with this conflict and make your fingers practically itch with the need to sketch everything.  Or maybe… Greece. I’m not sure exactly where else yet. But Japan would be amazing too not sure what time period would be best though. Even just Brooklyn of the future would be amazing to you. Bet you it’s gonna be the site of so much change Grant. I know it.
Tony looked over the letter and set it aside. It took a quick walk to find Jarvis, as he predicted. And Jarvis was indeed doing something with knives. More accurately, Jarvis was chopping celery. Tony watched his hands move smoothly as he finished the stalk and looked up. “Is something wrong?” Jarvis asked, watching him as Tony stood for a moment.
Pendragon knew exactly what it was like to walk back to his partner and watch them still sleeping. Just capturing exactly how a lover’s gaze would follow along Grant’s body, from the delicate shading on his feet, to the swell of his calf, to that stunning tease of the sheets. Tony didn’t want to breathe for a moment out of some misplaced fear of disturbing the man on the page.
Edward
By the time they got home, Steve bid his best friend a wordless farewell before heading into his apartment. His body was buzzing with excitement, and the thought of going to sleep was miles away. So, he settled down at his desk and lit the lamp.
Tony read over it, hoping through some miracle maybe Grant would read it. The engineer then grabbed a sheet of paper from Ana’s kit and the Conklin pen from its case. He struggled to focus on the pressure of the writing, but as he copied the text to the fresh sheet his handwriting did look good. Not quite the lovely work Grant’s writing was, but Tony liked it. Looking at the clock, Tony figured he had time for the ink to dry and send the letter to the address from the first message. And maybe go to the club. Give him something to do. On a whim, he put the sealed letter into the box and left.
With that done, he read Grant’s letter as a small reward. Reading about the exploits of Mark and Pendragon and their relationship brought a smile to his face. But oh, the blond was out to kill him. He couldn’t stop imagining Grant lounging around with his sketchbook in the garage with his thin legs dangling over the arm of the couch. Worse, imagining him asleep on the couch in a similar fashion to the drawings made the billionaire let out a small groan. Yep, Grant was definitely out to kill him.
Your gallery wall is lovely. Makes me feel all fizzy looking at it. And the frame you picked for the painting looks great. I feel flattered that you would care enough about my art to hang it up like that.
What are your resolutions? I’m voting to not die for myself. Trying to keep Obie from being suspicious but keep him away from my stuff has been proving hard so far. Also making sure things keep making money has also been trying.
It was a golden time for the two men, as Tony travelled for business and Steve worked on the Carlyle mural. Their letters were soft exchanges of affection mixed with anecdotes from their childhoods. Tony, for instance, learned that Steve actually spoke Gaelic, but he had such a terrible Brooklyn accent that it had made Sarah despair of him ever being fit for Ireland. And Steve got to hear about the first time Jarvis tried to teach Tony to cook. Genius though he may be, the brunet had still somehow managed to swap the sugar for salt, resulting in cookies that made Jarvis gag the moment he placed one in his mouth. The young man had been devastated when the Brit had immediately thrown all the cookies away, but it had become a point of amusement between the pair. Jarvis, sassy as ever, had carefully labelled all of the ingredient jars for “safety’s sake” from then on.
Peter continued down the hall way to another suite. The people bustling about took little notice of the young boy and his missing guardian. Peter looked around the Plaza and sighed in awe. It really was a palace in New York as his pops had told him.
Bucky does, more than Steve or anyone will comprehend.
Sam stops. He always stops.
Looking a gift-horse in the mouth will not change his love for Peter; the same goes for his husband.
The big man, Volstagg, noticed him looking down and Peter felt bad. He did not want to ruin their happy feast. He smiled his best and took a big bite of the ferret/raccoon. It tasted like the duck Daddy brought home after Pops burned the coq au vin.
He sniff the air. His breath is rancid from brushing with whiskey.
“Have you not heard a single word of mine?”
Peter shook his head. He whispered quietly, “Scary.” Tony nodded.
“Are you fucking mental? Tony’s in bad shape-Pepper told me,” Rhodes says before Bruce asks. “He’s drinking again and she’s able to keep it down some and you’re doing okay, but honestly you both suck.”
“My lady, I have never…” he trailed off when Jane gave him an upturned brow. “The House of Waffles was justified. Darcy said so that her Book of Faces and Mine Space thought it “vigilante” of me to bring that rude wrench down.”
The toddler bounced in his papa's lap. He liked how Papa made kissy faces. They sat at a picnic in an enclosed grove. Da was taking out the food for them and Peter saw some tarts.
“Funny girl,” Barnes says. He gulps his steaming mug. “Now, what do we have to do?”
"My love, please do not have that sneer upon your pretty face," Thor says.
“I don’t want this,” said Steve. He slumped down on the upturned sofa and crossed his arms. “This fighting. Buck—”
Peter sighs.
“And that helps us how?” Tony baited.
“I’ve missed you, too, spider monkey.”
He inhales sharply.
Yeah, they were spoiling Peter.
Steve's thoughts of war and battles disperse in flames. HIs only goal in life is to have the man to himself.
"I was asked to come with her," Loki says. "To be mortal and a proper son to her and Bor. I did not react well."
Coulson shakes his head.
“Yes, but…oh God, help me. Don’t overreact please,” she begged.
“What the hell happened? He tells you he killed my parents and what, Steve,” Tony growls.
“Where’s your fags?” Steve says.
“What else do I use?”
Should he bother getting out of bed today? Sam came by and yelled at him for a good hour the other day; no hang-overs meant he did not suffer a rattling sensation caused by noise, but seeing Sam pity him…Yeah, he’ll get up before Sam arrives.
Loki scoffed. Thor hummed.
One day, Peter fights back. Ursa throws a spit ball and he dodges with his spidey-sense. He knows daddy told him to hide that when in school, but he needs to use it now.
“Bucky?” Tony says, small.
The Hulk bursts in, followed by Thor and Captain America.
“I suppose we wanted to have him get used to us,” he said. “And, considering how great our track record has been, Tony and I agreed to keep it simple and hold off any celebrations.”
For "Thor: The Dark World" I have it Loki survived ( as he did) but instead of impersonating Odin, he escaped. He will not be making an appearance for a while, also, there is a lot of switches in P.O.V so bear with me.
“Yep. Oskid’s gonna miss his little buddy and Peter’s got JARVIS on his phone for reading his signs.”
Party's next with all the gang and Fury.
“I never thought you’d smoke,” Bucky says.
on his Nokia. Laughter resonates from the room (they’re playing
"I can't leave. See me now as I am," the man says.
Peter nodded.
"I too saw that this big brute had more brains than he let on. I saw the expectation and disappointment I knew well from my father. But, I also felt this warmth in me. Which is strange for a frost giant. After the storm had broke, I lowered my head for Thor."
Steve halts when he sees the Washington Memorial. He is at the opposite end of the pool between it and him. Steve collapses on the ground. There he feels the buzz of his cell. Steve scrambles to get it out of his pocket.
“I’m pretty sure Coulson would die if we offered him Peter duty.”
“Why are you mad at Bucky?”
The sky darkens and Peter loses his steam. Steve carries him to bed and lies the small body down.
The noise is louder now and Steve says, “Just gonna check on Sam.” He enters the kitchen with a paper stuck to his head that reads “Anna Nicole Smith” and Wilson holds in his laugh.
Tony smiled, just elated to see how, despite the elder’s open bigotry, Harry loved Peter with a platonic abandonment that Tony only knew for Pepper and Rhodes. He could never remember having a best friend as a child. (Unless he dug deep and remembered those Captain America posters he worshiped, and Steve did not know of.)
Cut him loose,
“Getting rid of a pest,” Tony says. He activates the sensors in his watch and immmediatley the Iron Man armor clings to his body like a second skin. “I won’t kill him, Steve,” Tony sneers. “I’m just gonna rip off his other arm.”
Thor, the Mighty God of Thunder, First Son of Odin, and Avenger had little he did not revel in; meeting unamused and hard to please diplomats was one of the times he wished to be on Midgard. He was lucky to have Jane there. Friend Tony opened the portal and he saw to her personally. They greeted each delegate as should be done. Frigga stood off to the side, majestic as to be expected, with Odin on his dais.
"Hello."
“I am,” he admits.
Again, Peter is between them being lifted and flying with his parents together.
"Don't suppose you talk," says the man. "It has been some time since Man came to these parts. The language may have changed. But, I think we can talk in general terms soldier."
He takes one out and asks for the lighter. Bucky throws it to him. Steve takes both to the open window of Sam’s apartment. He lights it and puffs a few out to let it burn.
“Thank you,” Peter says. “What’s your name?”
“You won’t-hic-give me away,” Peter says.
Peter climbed the walls after that knight started yelling. He knew it was silly, but he did not want to hear it. He climbed really high too, and lost his way in the dark. Peter did not fear the dark; he could see in it. He feared monsters. Peter shook at the fact he was lost and his friend was looking for him.
Loki (Jules) smiles sweetly. “I’m actually here because Ms,er, Mrs. Potts asks me to bring some things we need to sign off on.”
“Daddy,” Peter says so softly.
“Steve, you up and showered at all!” yells Sam from the door.
"What are you planning?" he asked.
Steve pats Tony’s arm. “Please, Dr. Strange, any information we’ll be grateful for.”
Anthony rolls his wet eyes. He lifts his hands and suddenly the branches grab on to Steve's waist. Steve inhales sharply as the tree drags him like a doll. Steve lands on the wide branch Anthony is on.
“It’s from Pepper and me,” he says nervously. “We really did mean to drop by the party.”
Bucky feels a blush. He tamps his heated skin down.
"It was ill-planned and improvised. But, Bestla had been the only giant to love me...and I was scared. Ashamed. To everyone, she was a traitor. Even Bor's offer almost got them both killed."
Steve straightens in his chair. "You know of other Fae."
They returned to find the party in full swing.
Jane stands next to Pepper.
"Thanks, but I'm good. I mean I got a banana and graham crackers. My dad always gets me some McDonald's after camp."
“I can’t put you ahead of my family. No,” Steve said. “Bucky this almost broke it last time. I can’t ask that of Tony and we have Peter now.”
“We need to talk.”
“You have two dads and that’s not right. Dads don’t have babies. Only mommies can and my moms aren’t together. Mama had to leave and mommy married some stinky boy…” she stops. Her lips quiver and tears come out.
“She says my dads aren’t supposed to have a kid. She says they’ll get divorced like her moms did and that daddy’ll marry a girl like her mom married a boy,” he stops. He thinks of how Ursa only smiles when she taunts him. “And…is that going to happen to me. Do I have to be a bully too when dads are divorced?”
“Yep. Oh, Agent 13.”
Tony came back to Steve, kneeling between his thighs. On most days, this called for sexy times, but now it was a comfort to the man.
He shook. Those thoughts were for when he was home and daddy and pops could tell him that they loved him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Volstagg straightened and nudged the child to let go. The boy came off him and wiped at his eyes. Thor looked down at Jane who had a worrisome expression.
During this, Peter had left his playmates and stood in front of the two. He held up his signs that introduced him and Pym grinned good-naturedly. Hope nodded and handed the bags to Peter.
A large gothic, gargoyle infested mansion stands in front of Steve and he gapes. Peter runs up the stairs and jumps, waving at them as if to say “Hurry, we’ll miss.” Steve coughs and grabs Tony’s hand. They stand walk up the stone steps and knock the wide wood door with golden knobs.
Bruce gasps and stares at the little boy. He knows his friends wanted a child, but something is wrong here and Bruce would rather ask questions later.
Steve returns to the village. He does not see the longing anguish upon Anthony's face.
The boy points to a place off to the side. Heimdall sets his everseeing gaze to it and watches as the man of iron argues with another on coordination in color scheme. Heimdall smirks and shakes his head. Truly the Midgard of old has changed. He glances at the boy who still looks at him. Heimdall is about to speak until he feels his power stretching out. Heimdall gathers himself to transport some delegates for a conference the AllFather will hold. When all are there and heading out, it takes Heimdall longer than he wants to see the young boy has vanished with the crowd.
The suit melts off his skin. A betrayed look must be on his face for Steve to back away. Barnes is wheezing in the destroyed apartment of Sam Wilson. His metal arm in shreds on the ground.
Bruce knows it’s not a request. He walks forward through the glass doors, Peter beside him, and they head to the elevator. If Tony has gotten around to changing the I.D. scanners then Coulson has a cheat code, then the new A.I. Pepper said she was more of a rule follower than JARVIS, so if FRIDAY was given specific orders to stop then Bruce has a way around her.
Jane giggles and Darcy with Dr. Selvig is next.
“You can’t do that. It’s kidnapping,” Tony says, though his chest aches.
Peter swung his legs and watched as the groom’s men huddled close to Happy.
Mr. Happy has not seen it nor his daddy who is back at the tower, his old home.
“Good, JARVIS,” he said. “Bring them up.”
At the end of this Anthony had tears pooling in his eyes. Steve takes a beat, and then, embraces his beloved. Anthony breaks and holds Steve so tightly. The Willow Man shakes. He nuzzles against the warrior's neck. Steve messages circles into the man's back.
Tony’s breath escapes him.
The elevator dings. They enter to a mess of haphazardly arranged furniture and glass shards. Bruce hikes Peter on his hip so he will not step on anything.
"It's obvious warrior. If your Fae wants to be let go of his immortality, it must be him to choose. You cannot force him from his willow as Bestla and Bor could not move me from the mountains."
It is child’s play as Loki in Jules kind voice asks Peter if he wants cake. The child frowns; nonetheless he follows Loki until they are out of that garish room and in a yellow Corvette. Learning to drive these contraptions was pure boredom, but Loki thanks his fortune he took the time.
“But, he may have found them, along with the serum and used it on his premature baby,” Tony finished.
Loki awaits for the end of the festivities. His brother, the oaf, saunters around with Lady Jane on his arm. Loki sniffs in his disguise. To the eye, he is another business woman, showing her support for the CEO getting married. To another eye, he is an old board member not sure where he is. Both guise keep him in the dark of the Avengers and onlookers. Loki walks toward his target. The young Peter stands on the chair as Stark points out who they know and who is just here for booze.
He veers to the left, not watching his stride. Steve follows a new path. It is strange and the air full of a heady scent. Steve moves forward.
“Do you believe me to be “scary” now?” Loki all but yells.
Darcy says, “Yep, and we still got the receipt if it sucks. That guy there was flirting me so I think even if Peter opens it we can return and get something better.”
Tony says (he’s sure), “Go ‘way.”
“Done.”
“Use the fucking suits! Aw, dammit. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!”
“I see,” says Strange and he places his hands in a prayer-like pose. “Have either of you gentlemen been fans of The Who?”
“I do say so and Steve hasn’t been here since we had dinner.”
“Excuse me,” Steve says.
“Enough,” says Agent.
“Yeah, but you don’t know where Deadpool’s been stashing him.”
Peter clings harder to Steve.
Loki snorts. “Your daddy is one to talk. My first encounter with him, he hacked the machines to play a Norn-awful song.”
“Sam.”
“You can tell me,” Tony says.
"That's not healthy," Peter said, but covered his mouth. His voice got better with time and practice, however he had tended to blurt out the things on his mind. Daddy said he was honest. Pops said he had to be diplomatic in his speech. Daddy smiled and told him he'd help him.
“Ye will return,” Volstagg promises and Peter’s smile becomes relaxed.
“Come, sit,” Frigga said. She took the boy’s hand and Thor was reminded of the many times she did this for him and Loki.
8: 07 a.m. knock on the door, ignore Bucky.
His dad listened and nodded. “Nothing else.”
Barton never discovers his until Banner yells “Mendel, father of genetics!”
“You left, even though pops didn’t want you to and it was for my daddy because he doesn’t like you.” Peter said this with a straight face and old eyes. “And you’re trying to make me feel better. At least, that’s what Sam said you were supposed to do.”
The portal to Midgard opened to Heimdall’s relief…until one Captain America burst through and asked, “Where’s my son?”
He munched on the saurkraut and egg sandwich until suddenly a girl came up to him. She was Gwen, a new kid this summer.
“Why do you do this? What did I do to you?” He should fight, but daddy says that fists are not the answer. Words help and the right words can get rid of any bully.
“We’re here as civilians, Coulson, and I can’t help but see every vantage point a sniper or kidnapper could take,” he said.
St-no, Captain America stood. He sat next to him the Winter Soldier.
“Child, why do you not fear me?”
“That can work,” Tony said. "But, let me see if Peter will do this again.”
He sighs and gets out another juice box. Wilson realizes the alcohol and sodas are stashed behind the bar where Peter cannot get to them. He sips the apple-mango and plays
"With two mighty swings Loki's horns fell and five years later we were married."
A bowl of batter fell from one of the shelves on Sif’s head and she heard a voice, so soft, say “Volstagg.”
"I've not heard of you or your ilk. Perhaps, some of the travelers who come through my village may have. They're the ones who tell stories of the Fae." The man stares in hope, breath elevated. A little nudge in the right direction. "There aren't' any travelers today. If you come with me and wait a few days they'll be more in a few days time." Though, Steve leaves out the fact that the war ravaged roads have stilled travelers. They will not be fixed for months.
The archer had gotten into a heavy explosion with sonic waves, which messed with his ears, but did not damage them beyond repair. He could hear with the aids and had taken up sign language with Peter, even though the boy still used the paper and pen ones.
They stand outside Bleecker Street in front of a dilapidated building. Pepper, changed into her vacation clothes, fills a chill in the mid-June air. Thor walks up the steps, Sam and Rhodey carrying the two Avenger leaders. Thor said to take them away from the paper would stop them, but also they would become comatose.
“You’re right. I don’t deserve this life or to be happy.” Bucky looks Stark in the eye. “But, I accept the damage I caused. I did those things without the excuse of mind control. You have every right to be pissed at me. You have every right to never let me near you or your family again.” Bucky sees Stark take a step back. He steps forward. “I want you to know this one bit of knowledge: for all I’ve done to you, I am truly sorry.”
“I know,” Peter says. He shrinks into his seat.
“That’s why I sent him off. Tony, please, listen. Bucky won’t have any contact outside of me and Sam. Maybe Nat. He won’t be allowed near Peter or you. I promise to keep him out of New York.”
Tony swallows the lump in his throat. His eyes mist and he curls in on himself. They cannot do this.
“You can leave now,” Tony says.
“But, ye can speak. Have spoke. Surely…”Volstagg trails off looking at the anguished face of the boy. Peter shakes his head.
"Up here, general," says that melodic voice.
Tony’s eyes shine as Steve manhandles him into the bed room.
Steve squeezes Tony in the hug.
“—,which means he must be trained in them to learn to control and use wisely. I cannot define exactly what his abilities include, but I do know they will be spiderlike.”
They were silent and then Steve did that thing Tony loved. He made a noise, a huff of air, and Tony knew he was smiling. It made Tony smile a little.
He sounds carefree and relaxed. Steve wants to keep it like that.
“Um….I guess because…you’re not….” He stutters through his speech, twiddling his thumbs, as if ashamed.
“…I’ll kill him…”
"What could you possibly have that I need?"
"Let me guess," Steve interrupted. "They battled and this Thor found the weakness to make Loki a mortal and kill him easily."
“What else could there be?” asks Tony.
Peter screamed. Bruce backed against the wall when Peter shot up and crawled from the ceiling into the arms of Tony.
There is boy on the bed and he is fiddling with some 3D models of…skateboards.
She stepped down from the assembled party and kneeled, much like Jane. Thor decided to copy their stance.
When the portal to different worlds was opened, Jane Foster and Dr. Selvig found a way to neutralize the power and make it open exclusively to Asgard, by Thor’s request, and many diplomatic compromises with his father. It was then decided to hide in Avengers Tower, since the tower has no true affiliation with SHIELD.
Steve was left to pay.
Barnes’ halts. He lifts the chair with his one arm. Sam count to ten in his head.
8: 30 a.m. wake up again.
Tony and Steve grin as they leave.
“Child, wake up. The clothes you wear are soiled and I believe even mortals do not smell heavy of sweat all the time,” Loki says. He jostles the lounge chair. Peter shoots out alert and stares at Loki.
“I was with Bruce. We were catching up with the cake for the wedding. The baker’s trying to charge more for using buttercream and marbled. So, I persuaded him to return to the original price.”
"Meet anyone?" he asked.
Rhodes and Sam are spending the night and Steve cannot wait for something else like this.
“First, I have every right to be jealous of Barnes. You two were close. And yeah, maybe you didn’t see it but I did. Those old photos capture quite a bit of depth. How you kept protecting him no matter what he did. Don’t count the HYDRA shit, I mean sneaking into our son’s room. So, no, you can’t look at me like some crazy bitch. I have enough to worry about being married to you, America’s Golden Boy. Enough fucking gossip of me being the unfaithful playboy. How you’d think it was real because you’re so fucking honest.”
Steve nods.
They have nothing to gain from the past. All they needs lies ahead.
“Hm. We have a few weeks then before….oh, god, he’s growing.”
“Why’re you so puny?” A girl with curly pigtails asks.
“Friends, I believe it is time for—”
“177A Bleecker Street,” she says. “You’ll find someone there who can help Peter. Director Fury advises extreme consideration before you decide to go. Also,” she stands straight. “I’ve never seen happier parents.”
“Stark, the suits are just creepy. It’s fine for meetings and when Fury visits. Not for gatherings and your best friend’s wedding,” Natasha said, sternly.
Darcy Lewis was the first to speak.
They go, Pepper a bit giddy. She has never been able to get out of her old grandmother’s marriage speech since she was nine. The giddiness fades upon seeing the deep concentration Tony and Steve have on blank pages. Tony keeps signing his name and skipping to another page.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter curled in on himself.
Looking down, Odin’s grin turned into a quizzical frown. The boy had run behind Volstagg.
“You do not need to fret, old friend,” Stephen said.
The tower’s being renovated again. Tony mentioned making his family mansion the new headquarters for special reasons. Really, so Peter and they could have more room and a backyard. He thinks Steve suggested a camping night under the breech trees.
“I am not what,” Loki says.
“Hehe….funny, Pete.”
“I killed Stark’s parents.”
Steve grins and looks down. Peter is clinging to the Captain Americat and Iron Mouse plush like a lifeline.
“We came up with…house rules,” Tony supplies.
“Halt!” Sif demanded.
He leaves the room, promising Pepper everything will be taken care of and he will explain further in an email. Pepper does her fire breaths and goes too; she needs to be with some regular people.
“Too late,” Tony says. “You don’t’ get to decide for me Steve. I’m not that scared kid anyhmore. I had every right to kill him for humanity and you-you won’t let this garbage go.” It drips like acid in his throat these words. “You’ve chosen him over me already.”
“Yes, but not like this. Not charging back to them; Sam’s been talking to the doctor. They got Tony out of his stupor and Peter’s doing better. They’re both coming down soon.”
“He will speak when the time is right.”
Tony gripped the phone happy Peter was in the suite talking to his friend.
“Just don’t let him get to you. Don’t show him that he gets to you,” Tony said. He rubbed his face. “Peter’s going to want to meet him again and I can’t stop that.” Tony stopped and looked at the door that separated him from Peter. “I can stop something else from getting to Peter, Cap.” Tony said.
baby cousins. I’ll meet the kid and talk to him if he wants. I can’t be called in to babysit or anything,” Wilson finishes his confession.
"Anthony," Steve says softly. This tugs at his hardened heart. Without much thought, Steve uses his strength to climb the willow. Its trunk is smooth, but the roots are long and high. He jumps up a bit and catches onto a knob in the tree. This would be easier with both hands, but he refuses to drop the pastries. They are for Anthony.
Fortunately, the rest of the day went quite well. Peter and Rhodes had an intimate discussion of Tony’s beard and even followed with some pictures Rhodes had saved up on his phone.
Steve came closer axe at the ready.
The waitress dejected writes down the order and takes their plates.
Black Widow wore a chiffon dress with flats and a witch hat with cape.
“Yeah, but Peter said he was never scared—”
“Natasha, honey, tread lightly  on what comes out next. Where is our son?”
“Peter,” Tony says. “Come here, please.”
“Right,” Tony said.
“You didn’t build yourself a kid, didja Tony?” He asks in jest. Rhodes bends down to Peter’s level and smiles wide. “Because I tell ya, no one’s giving such a polite kid to you.”
Steve takes him and goes out to the others in the Quinjet. Tony embraces them both and kisses Peter’s head.
“There are others who’ve tried to replicate the serum which made your Captain father who he is. Each trial with varying results. My aim is to find the ones who your fathers rescued seven years ago. They and you will be my new army and comrades.” Loki smirks at his plan. He has several candidates lined up, including two Canadians. However, the one in the red suit he may leave behind. Too insane for his taste.
Before Peter could ask, the junior counselor, Skip, called for everyone to line and return to their groups. They separated, Peter in Awesome Ions and Gwen in Powerful Polymers. The day went on as the kids worked on small experiments with some disappointing results.
Stephen hums again and uses his knowledge of Vishanti to try and see into the boy’s consciousness. It is not quite on level of telepathy, instead Stephen is watching lights and strands of events happen in someone’s perspective.
“Fine. I’ll send it when Steve stops by the house this week. We’ll be in Malibu till Valentine’s Day, by then, hopefully the world hasn’t burned.”
“Please Sam,” Steve says.
“We need to talk about Tony,” Bucky begins. That was for later in the plan, but he needs to get a rise out of Steve first. And, sure enough, Bucky is facing the wall, his one arm gripped tightly behind his back and Steve breathing heavily.
“Are…..are they getting divorced?” Peter says.
"I am told someone unexpected came for a visit. An old friend of your father's from his army days. Now, Peter, this man is someone SHIELD has been looking for," Mr. Coulson said. He maneuvered to be facing Peter. "He's a dangerous person. An enemy of the highest caliber."
Bucky clenched his fists the metallic whirring of wires the only sound beside traffic.
His hideout for now is not elaborate or original. It is a small cabin in Virginia with some luxuries and amenities. Loki gets out and opens the door. Peter stirs in his seat and opens his eyes.
“I know,” said Coulson as his cheek reddened.
Steve thanks the doctor again; he grabs Tony’s hand and they find Peter with Wong, who is holding a bag.
The door is ajar and they fall in; Peter is standing on his rocking chair, which teeters dangerously, until Steve gets up and grabs him.
“I think you’ve punished him enough,” Bruce says looking at the screen.
“Tony!” Steve shouts in his Captain voice. “You can’t do that. I’ve just laid a bomb on you and you’re using the first thing that pops in your head. We need to stay and talk. Some…other things happened and I-God, Tony. Please, just stay here.”
The building is….wrecked. That is what Steve sees in front of him. He looks down at Peter who is staring awed and Steve believes he is missing something. Tony and him share a worried glance then step forward.
Peter gets up from his seat on the floor. He goes to Loki. For the briefest moment, Loki is cautious. He has nothing to be wary of; he can take this boy and kill him if he must. Loki does not.
Clint opens the windows to the kid’s room. The best part of living here is that unless he’s bugging Bruce or sparring with Steve, Tony forgets him completely.
Anthony fidgeted. He had been doing so all day. His warrior had yet to come again. Last Anthony saw of Steve, the man was distracted. Anthony talked for the most part about the discoveries he made in the last decade. Mostly of the stars and how they have changed. Not impressive, but he did grab Steve's attention.
“That’s the New York in you, Peter,” Steve says.
Steve stands up to be at level with Tony. He does not touch.
The next person to meet Peter is none other than Heimdall.
Later, after coming back, finding Peter nodding off, taking care of night time rituals, Tony had the little lump of cuteness holding to his arc reactor and sound asleep. Steve was propped on one shoulder and he reached out a hand to grab Tony’s hand and squeeze it gently.
Above him, within the tree, a man lies among one of the branches. He is beauty incarnate. Soft raven locks with a small sparrow beard. Ruby red lips and tender brown eyes. Flawless ivory skin with pink nipples. The man's supple legs are folded but Steve can make out a small patch of hair below the abdomen where the man's sex will be.
Well, not everything changed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I want to so bad, Steve. I am bound by this tree and its life. I can never step foot on the ground or my immortality will fade and this tree will die." Anthony sighs. A small sob escapes.
“I apologize.” Loki pats the sniffling boy’s head. “I like to think myself above base emotions, but…I suppose even my silver tongue is rusted.” Peter buries his face in Loki’s chest. Loki allows it. “Honesty does not come easy for me, Peter.” Peter stiffens. “For this moment and few others, I will speak truth. I am jealous of you. All the love and praise you receive as an adopted son, whereas I was always second to my brother. Nothing in this universe prepared me for the truth of my heritage. However, the universe cannot take the truth away. I am the secreted adoptive son of the might Allfather, cast aside because my use was impossible. So, here we are. The cherished son of the Avengers and I the unfortunate son and brother of Asgard and Jotunheim.”
Peter pouted but then papa tickled his belly.
Steve sees his fists are white and he cannot control his rage. But…the serum saved Peter. Saved a baby who did not have a chance; the child who is now Steve’s and Tony’s for good. What can he do?
8:01 a.m. remember it’s your fault.
“Thor, I have something uh, um, oh this to discuss with you in the next room. We can go there right?” asked Jane to Tony.
“She’s our eyes today, besides an occasion without booze doesn’t do it for her,” said Fury.
“Tony,” Steve whispers. “Can I come back home?”
"What's that?" she asked.
“Right,” he signed while he spoke, Natasha and Clint listening. “I had to convince Tony that Peter needs more socialization and that we gotta get him in school. Tony argued about our original plan, but I was thinking that no matter what age, if Peter doesn’t speak then the kids will tease him, but at least now, with Harry, he can have more friends and time to adjust.” Steve paused as if gathering the next words to communicate his decision. “I don’t want Peter to go. In fact, I’m content to keep JARVIS as his primary teacher. That and with Peter homeschooled, hardly any media has discovered him. And…I want to protect him. However, that’s just as bad as if we kept him in a cage. Nat, you’ve been training him in basic combat, so you know Peter’s strong, but how will he conquer that with others? People who don’t know him or just the other agents? Peter’s powers are growing, you remember how Coulson reacted to when Peter could make webs?”
“Bruce is at the mansion. We’ll head there right now. He’ll know what to do,” Mr. Happy says.
Steve closes his eyes a pained expression on his face.
Norman hummed. It seemed a prosperous opportunity for Harry to be friends with Peter. Norman could have access to Stark Industries and Harry a good little playmate. However, he would never leave Harry alone with those people. Norman’s face twitched watching Stark all over Captain America. Yes, he would make sure Harry was never alone with them.
with root beer instead of shots) and he ignores it.
“What shall we do, my Bear?” asks Volstagg’s wife.
Steve awakes to a noise. His muscles tense and he is on his feet sword in hand shield at the ready.
“That was not an order, merely a suggestion,” Fury said.
“Are you mad because I’m with Bucky?”
“Mighty Thor!” Volstagg came barreling in, a small child sobbing in his arms with guards trying to stop him.
“No, just stop there Cap. I have a lot of bile to get out at you,” Tony says. He stands and starts pacing. “And by any heavenly body I am going to do it.”
“Yeah, Steve,” Sam says. He looks ashen.
When Sam had arrived with the small boy Bucky almost sent him back. However, seeing Peter’s worried face (such old eyes) he knew he had to help. Drawing used to ease Steve into spilling his guts…unlike the others Bucky in—
"Of course, the first action was to find a frost giant. They had not been seen in over 100 years. It was here." He gestured to the image. "After weeks of searching and running low on food, that Thor found his giant. During a heavy snowfall, Thor took refuge in a cave. A giant lived there. A runt by the name of Loki who happened to be proficient in magic."
The scanners let them pass with no trouble.
The boy stares. He tweeds his thumbs and Volstagg takes a closer look at the clothing. It is of Midgard, he realizes. The boy looks up at him.
He sees the punch seconds before Stark, but he lets the man do it. The punch is not the hardest he’s taken certainly not the worst. It leaves a bad taste in his mouth.
“Daddy said I’m not allowed to use the oven without him or pops,” Peter responds. No arrogance or anger.
Peter sticks out his tongue but grabs Steve’s hand.
“Have anyone seen a small boy come in? Strange clothing?”
"The Elders of the Mount, including my father, made a terrible snowstorm. Truly testing Bor's resolve and his love for Bestla. They made it and their happy ending came," Loki finishes with a sneer.
“He said he loved me. Tony—Aaaaaaggggghhhhhh!”
Steve walks around the table and embraces his husband.
Bucky waited as Steve slowly removed the car off him. He was bruised and battered, a welcome distraction to the other feelings. Steve grunted as the Mercedes was a bit stuck. Bucky put pity on him and with his free metal arm lifted the bottom half. The destroyed vehicle came off like a Band-Aid and the two walked up the stairs for the rest of the damage.
Stealthily, Clint gets closer and kneels at the bedside. A huge pang in his chest; this makes him think of his own son. Clint closes his eyes. If he were to pretend, he is in his son’s room at their farm, Laura coming in to tell him it is bedtime. His baby girl will be awake in a few hours, crying for attention, food, a changing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I want you to choose me. I want you to leave Tony and I’ve given you the perfect out. I like Peter.” Bucky inhales the last drags of the cigarette. “I’ve been in love with you since we were kids.”
"So, you do understand me? Or you just nod because you see me talking?" the man says, bemused. His smile is sweet and innocent.
Steve is stone again. Bucky takes out a cigarette. He grabs the lighter still in Steve’s hand and puffs a few times.
“Yeah, but…”Bruce bites his lower lip. “Erskine’s serum was never replicated. At least, not like it worked with Steve. However, from the grapevine, others have attempted to recreate it using their own…methods. I looked up Dr. Parker. His work at OSCORP involved the regeneration of cells. He was invested with not only arachnids, but certain types of reptiles, like lizards, in how they could help with the human cellular repair. Of course, the testing was cancelled after it did not show the desired results…”
“Peter, you need to understand that not everyone who knows your pops and me is good. Especially the ones who sneak into houses in the dead of night,” his dad said firmly.
“I was trying to get the lay of the land and wound up snooping where I shouldn’t have been,” which was true more or less. But really he had to give NYU this if somebody was working on a space-time travel theory there. They nailed it. And well ending up near a hydra installation was unfortunate, to say the least.
“Thanks, Buck. You’re the best.”
While they were waiting for help to arrive, Steve began moving through the facility to make sure they had an accurate count on how many omega and how many babies were in the area. He was just about done when he noticed a door that was locked more securely than any of the others had been. Listening at the door, he could hear the hummingbird hammer of someone’s terrified heartbeat and the strange sound of grinding metal. In a moment, he had busted the lock on the door and peered inside the gloom.
Mostly it's getting seen with a bunch of women. And such. I think that might help. Uphold a 'wild party lifestyle' Haha. You know I am shocked a few things haven't made it anywhere.  I think I want to just have some tea with Lee, and maybe add a splash of Vermouth instead. That would be nice.
Thank you again to Anna for the test reading and suggestions. And Welcome to the other group of characters that I was not expecting at the initial planning stage. Twice over to be honest.
The blond glanced over at him, a frown on his lips. “Alcohol makes monsters out of men,” he said in an undertone. “Hated what my dad became when he drank. Never was sorry to see the back of him.”
Radios and travel.
Favorites. Grant you are asking the hard questions. Cary Grant is amazing. Is he part of the reason you went with Grant for these exchanges?  Because I don’t blame you one bit. I’m a little partial sometimes to Buster Crabbe. But that’s simply because I sometimes wish he could pick me up. And lift me. I’d like to lift people, but only with permission since I know they’d sock me real good if I didn’t have permission to. Probably kick my teeth too.
Bucky ran a hand over his face, sighing a little. “Part of me hopes not,” he admitted. “If we do… a lot of men won’t come home.”
There you go, I’d fit in your place. And it sounds like something you’d want to change as far as your dressing goes - can’t have you looking too much like a grandpa. I am much more comfortable in the coveralls. But I don’t think I photograph that well in them. At least not professionally photograph; coveralls don’t work well in those kinds of pictures.
I would probably run around to all of your murals and make a presentation on them. If I were there. After I go around on my own first to see them all.
Tony: Yes. Yes, I am. 12 to 13 models on a yacht. Wine, a bunch of good food, and a movie night?
Steve pouted. “Didn’t mean you had to drop it on me like that,” he complained. “Coulda broke me, and then where would we be, huh?”
“He met a publisher for Harper’s Bazaar magazine at this place called the February House,” Tony started to explain. He had his posture ready to go. Left a pause in case it rung any bells.
And took a moment to shut his eyes and look over it again. This had to be worth a hundred kisses via letter for Steve. At least that. Rhodes looked stunning, joyous. There was joy in every figure. Comfort. Like he and Steve had booked the diner for their friends. “This was the one he did first and he’d gotten references for some of the people in the mural from the guy. Some of them are his friends, some are the friends of the guy who’s getting his pie stolen. I really can’t give the letters up. The rest of the stuff in them is really personal.”
If you are hoping for normal sleep hours, though, I am probably going to disappoint you. I tend to sleep kind of fitful like. Where I go to bed fairly late, wake up early, then take another nap. If I lay down for too long, I start wheezing, and reclining at a high enough angle is hard on my back. Basically, it is a wonder my body manages to survive with all the way it tries to kill me on the regular.
Several tense moments passed as George assessed, Steve who stood his ground firmly. Then, slowly, his shoulders sank. “You should’ve mentioned you had a fella. Ain’t right to string someone along.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It would take the work of a lot of people to accomplish, but I honestly think it could happen in our lifetime. For landing anyone on the moon. Especially after surviving any upcoming war okay Sunshine? Have you seen how quickly things have been advancing already? It’s amazing.
Now to actually reply to your letter, sunshine.
Tony let his eyes drag along Grant’s shoulders, where his wiry arms plunged under the pillow. He was thin yes, Tony could practically sense just how much even Jarvis would want to feed the little beanpole. But there was a beauty in his form. The brunet wanted to crawl in the tiny bed and help Grant slide back on top of him, just hold the blond against his chest. Everything about the sketch filled Tony with conflicting feelings. He wanted to show off this picture; he also wanted to hide it away so no one ever saw it. So that nothing could ever come to hurt the blond. Especially since Grant was both all sharp edges and miraculously so soft and relaxed. And there were going to be more pictures like this?
Enjoy being tall, it’s fun sitting on rigs like that.
His jaw clenched. Tony could not afford to think like that. Just because his man had an expiry date, it didn’t mean Tony couldn’t take him from the ship. Maybe he could try to grab Steve from the bridge of the Valkyrie. Rig something to take the ship down and get them out before it crashed. All he had to do was crack the code for time travel sooner rather than later.
Except for one omega and those standing watch.
I have to be careful with food, since I seem to be allergic to more things than I can count. But I love going over to Arthur Avenue. They have the best Italian food in the city. I know Manhattan claims they do it better, but they are deluding themselves. Nothing like a big dish of pasta or a bowl of minestrone to make the day better. They know me in a lot of those joints; I helped paint some of the outsides of the buildings two years ago. All the Italian mamas love to tsk at how skinny I am and try to feed me. The Migliucci’s pizza is some of the best stuff you will ever put in your mouth, I swear. You ever been? I think that is where I would take you, honestly.
And I am not trying to kill you. Just tease at you. You make it too easy to do, really. I bet you live in some fancy place with transoms and fans – the sorts of posh amenities that make it so you do not roast to death in your fancy suits. Me, I am lucky if we get so much as a breeze the entire summer in our building. Gets real miserable, whether you are inside or out. Being mostly undressed is a necessity more than anything.
Friday scanned the latest letter from Grant just before Tony left for his flight. It would be a few days before he would be home, so the company in addition to Pepper would be nice. He laid back in his seat working on the reply.
Right now, I am sitting in bed and looking out the window of the tenement I live in. The view is not much, since I live in the back of the building. Franklin’s family is in the front half, as they need the space. Franklin’s mother and three sisters make their entire apartment feel overwhelming sometimes; they chatter up a storm from morning until night. I do not mind, though, as the sound of their voices makes me feel a little less alone. Franklin tries to visit as often as he can, but he and his father work as much as they can to make ends meet. I pull shifts when I can, though my health has been so frail lately… I get so frustrated with my body. It is hard to convince anyone to hire me; shifts mostly go to men who are much stronger than I am.
And when you send me pictures of Rhodey and Maria, I will have fun drawing them too. Your photos give me exciting new things to paint and sketch. Some of them have even been worked into pieces I am doing for the Public Works of Art Project around New York. One of the advisors says if I continue to do such fine art, I may even get a really big project. Here is hoping!
And make sure you wear a clean shirt this time!”
Tony paused in his writing to read the last sentence of the prior letter again. It might just be the fact that these are letters that they are sending, but if the guy is half as sweet in the letters as he is in person. Okay, with maybe a healthy dose of being a scrappy son of a bitch, but still, if the guy is even half as good as the letters made him seem, he was probably too good for Tony. Not to mention in the damn past.
Is there anything you’re looking to use for your art or materials you want to try out?
-Grant
Some said that the serum made Steve a superior alpha; Bucky was always quick to correct them. Even when he had been tiny, Steve had been the kind to command a room. “He had more fight in him than his body knew what to do with,” the beta liked to say. “So he had to get bigger to match that heart of his.”
Her shoulders shook with her laughter. “If you’d like to. I was just very surprised when the director asked me if I could give you a tour since you were interested in World War II-era murals. Definitely not what I expected of my internship.”
Tony read it at first with a little smile that slowly sank. He was pretty sure he wasn’t the cause of this little downturn. But he still wanted to pull Grant through the letter and find some way to distract him. He could remind Grant it was his turn to pick the movie for starters.
And Franklin can also confirm that I am an absolute octopus in my sleep. When we were kids, he would always wake up with me curled so tight around him he could not escape to go to the bathroom. Now that I am so much smaller than him, I tend to fall asleep on top of him in a subconscious desire to keep him pinned down. I can only imagine how many times worse it would be with you. Once I get my arms around you, I am not going to want to let go.
What Jarvis is like is: I’m going to go home, interrupt him doing something miraculous with knives, and hug him. I am going to be hugged back and probably tell him about the nightmares. He is one of the most loving people I know. His wife Ana is who the stationary kit I am using belonged to. It was my birthday gift from him. Otherwise, I’d probably be writing using anything I could find and using the most random paper. Jarvis and Ana were so loving, they were on par with Gomez and Morticia. He is super British. All of the sense and dry wit that kills me.
“What is this?” Tony asked, looking at it frowning.
“I’ve read your book,” Steve blurted without thinking. “
The sight of the photo booth served to make Steve stop short. The Photomatic. It was an almost obscenely bright green on the outside and proudly declared “Your photo already framed - one minute” on the metal exterior. This was it, he thought. A photo that would capture him as he was - not through the eyes of anyone else.
There was nothing like the harsh, muggy air of a rainy June afternoon in Brooklyn. Every breath had a way of settling into the lungs that made it feel like you were drowning, and the moisture in the air mingled with sweat until it was impossible to get truly clean. Between the burning heat of the city summer and a broiling fever, Steve was silently wishing for death; Hell was probably cold compared to his godforsaken tenement building. And everyone wondered why New Yorkers were known for being a bit harsh. It was difficult to be pleasant when it felt like your body was melting off your bones.
“Me too, Buck. Me too.”
I would love to hear more about your friends and adopted families. And if Rhonda’s cooking is as amazing as you say it is, I would be very impressed. I am convinced, though, that some mothers just have magic in them that makes their cooking better. Whenever I make some of Ma’s recipes they never seem to turn out quite right, no matter how careful I am. Everything Franklin’s ma makes is kosher, them being Jewish; I love them to death, but I sure miss bacon some mornings.
Do you have any ideas for things you’d want me to design? I’m down to design silly stuff because I can’t show the board everything since Obie is bound to use some of it somehow. And I’m starting to become a bit paranoid that stuff is missing. If I could lock everything and make sure Jarvis was safe, I would just take a vacation. So, I guess I just need a mental vacation - fun things to design. Do you have anything you are looking for?
The actual contents of Edward’s letter made Steve’s heart ache. While the man was wealthy, it seemed like he had suffered so much loss. There was an undercurrent of loneliness to his words that made it seem like he had never simply known what it was to sink into a place and call it home. To have a family that was, in every sense of the word,
“Let go, man! This is kidnapping,” Sam yells.
Steve looks at him, truly sees him without anger or sadness. Bucky goes on.
Steve’s visage pales.
“I don’t know yet,” Bruce answers. A couch that is relatively clean Bruce sits down Peter in his lap. “Coulson left and I think Tony’s here unless he’s in the lab.”
“Steve?”
“I hear my dads talking about them, Aunt Nat too. They sound bad. And I think they did a lot of bad stuff. So, if you know my pops and something bad happened to you, it means HYDRA did something. Or the new villains, AIM. They attacked us back in spring, but it wasn’t so bad. Daddy found them quick and he with Rhodey saved the day. And if it wasn’t HYDRA than you gotta tell my dads so they can find them and save the day. They said they’ve been saving people who have evil stuff done to them, like experiments, and rescue them from HYDRA and others—”
“We did, Nick.”
Volstagg walks to the boy and smiles upon seeing the red face with dried tears.
Bruce just relaxes, recumbent on the floor.
“I knew HYDRA had a hand in their death. I looked at the files from SHIELD, but there was a lot of data missing. It doesn’t even you are the Winter Soldier. It just says asset something or codename Winter Soldier. Nat and I assumed some of the missions were kept under wraps from less secure bases.”
“You don’t get to be sorry,” Stark says. He leans in closer. Bucky smells the expensive cologne this man has. “I may be the biggest screw up, but you almost fucked up Steve and Peter’s life. You don’t deserve forgiveness or to be seen again.”
“Kinda early,” Bruce replies. He looks at his watch. It is a quarter past four.
“Bruce, hide it! Throw it away. Do something,” the man said, as Peter’s screams turned to body wracking sobs.
The three of them spend the rest of the day exploring Capitol Hill and the tourist traps. Peter loving every moment of it as he calls for ‘Pops’ or ‘Dad’ every time the boy saw something exciting.
Tony and Steve are laid up on the couch, a fuzzy blanket covering them. Steve’s hair is disheveled and there’s drool on his face. Tony is cocooned in Steve’s mass and snores quietly. The TV screen is paused on what looks like Bill Nye screaming. Bruce just nods at the scene and glances at the little boy, in Hulk jammies no less, returning to the TV. The screen comes back and the volume is low so the two on the couch are still sound asleep.
A voice which makes Steve pale and Tony ready his repulsor.
The room also had fewer tables and a more intimate arrangement with a small menu of pun induced kid foods and adult foods.
Wilson, as stated, remained in the background, mainly the kitchen, and heard small tags of talks from the rooms. Steve would rotate with Barton on keeping him company, but eventually he gave them the permission to go ahead and stay with Peter.
“Yeah, I’ll be making sure you have a wardrobe ready at my place, and I have one at yours for any staying over needs we have. But for now, we have these, and yes to the snacks. We left before they served dinner so I only have alcohol in me right now.”
"Sounds perfect," Steve said. He smiled and dared to fluff up Tony's hair a bit.
The walk was somewhat long, but Tony was there at the front of a team of alphas and betas, feeling almost like he was leading them to battle, though he knew it was really Phillips leading them. Sighing, Tony walked on, keeping his rifle close to his body, eyes roaming over the trees and looking for any abnormalities.
Something sharp flashed across the woman’s face, but she hid it behind a wan expression. “Explains why he’s such a little thing, don’t it?”
“There’s already been a lot documented about him, Serena. You’ll see in a moment if this is the one I think it is,” Tony explained taking a deep breath. “People forget he was an artist first.”
Arnie took a little step back from Michael and cleared his throat. “If you could strip the bed down so it’s just the sheets, that would be good. Then I’ll need you naked and on the bed.”
Just a heads up: there are mentions of and references to infidelity in this chapter, plus grieving Steve dealing with his mother's death
Tucking the money into his pocket, Steve hemmed and hawed for a moment before also pulling out the dollar Eddie had sent him a few weeks back. The letter that had accompanied it had asked if the blond would be willing to take a photo at one of those new booths. Steve wasn’t so sure he would send the photo to the other man, but it would be nice to have one. In case he ever changed his mind. And, if he remembered right, Coney Island had one that had been installed after the World Fair. If not that, then they certainly had photographers for any tourists that wandered there or young couples taking a holiday. He would make it work.
-Grant
“Hello, birthday darling.
Though, if Steve were frank with himself, he was rather certain the relationship between them would never go that direction again. Sure, Edward was kind to him - flattering even. But a man like that would have a partner equally as posh; someone who understood the struggles Edward’s status lead to. Steve would make a bumbling fool of himself if they found an impossible future where they could be together. It was better, Steve thought, to set aside any thoughts of a relationship beyond friendly letter writing. They would never meet. Never talk face to face. Or hear one another’s voices. And that was that.
