Dean shrugged. “Yeah, well. When I say
“When?” Dean asked, only partially surprised that something tingled in his middle at the mention of the name.
to do and enjoy, and he knew now, in hindsight, that a lot of it had to do with all the parts of him he’d never wanted to show or even admit to himself. It wasn’t
He leaned back a bit, took his bottle in hand, and raised it briefly as he gave Alejandro a small, not playfully flirty or suggestive but genuine smile. “Well, here’s to enjoying good company. I don’t know if you drink while you’re working, but I’d buy you a beer. Like you said, it’s not every day you meet someone that knows about this whole hunting business.”
They talked for many hours until late into the night. Dean told Cas everything about the past three months, or as much as he could cover; somehow, he had the feeling everything he had experienced and learned could fill many nights of conversation.
being
“Hey.”
“Disney, huh?” Alejandro asked teasingly as he went to the kitchen and got two beers as well as a bag of chips.
and ‘
“Jesus,” Alejandro sighed around a low chuckle, breath still going fast, and yeah, that definitely was a good sign. “No, don’t say it!” Alejandro beat him to the pun Dean may or may not have made.
But Dean had to. He had to for Sam, who might need him a little less now than he used to, especially with Eileen being around again. And even though Sam still seemed to be a little hesitant, and they were taking things slow, Dean thought, hoped, that eventually they would decide to stay together properly. Move in together, maybe even get a nice house somewhere, have a kid or two. Live the life Dean had always wanted his little brother to have but could not see in the picture until now.
It did cost him some resolve to keep it slower this time. Usually, that was no problem for him, but he was used to sleeping with women. With them, there was nothing truly new, no great unknown, no first - at least not generally. And there definitely wasn’t anything he’d kept buried inside him for decades only to find that, yes, just being here and anticipating having sex with a man was already ten times more exciting than he could have ever imagined.
“You’re kidding me, right?” Dean stared at the building and the surrounding paddocks they were slowly approaching in amazed disbelief. “A horse ranch?”
It was strange, because Dean had never experienced anything like this before - just this complete absence of responsibility or concrete next step ahead for him. There was nothing that he absolutely
“And here you said you’re only pirating
All Dean could do not to let Alejandro notice anything was pull him against his chest, hide his own face from him by resting his chin on the crown of his head and forcing the images and thoughts - the overwhelming urge to cry - away with all his willpower.
Dean swallowed as he lifted his beer bottle to his lips and took two large gulps, pushing the thought away. Instead, he looked over to Luisa, who had just laughed at something Antonio said.
“I had this boyfriend once,” he started, “we’d just been together for a few days, and every conversation we had led to him telling me about some stuff that had been or was pulling him down. And I had a friend, or, well, acquaintance who was the same, just talking about her problems non-stop. I really did feel sorry for both of them, but it was way too much to handle. I’m not here to be someone’s therapist, to fix other people’s problems when I’ve got my own issues to deal with - the thing with that friend was around the time my dad got really sick.”
He only briefly looked at his brother, seeing the sympathy and emotion on his features for a second before he directed his gaze back onto the slowly winding road. And yes, he
He nodded, and they started towards the kitchen, only for Dean to stop in his tracks and look at Sam. “You mean actual bacon, right? Not that artificial
No, this was fine. It was no more and no less than Dean wanted at this point, and he was going to enjoy it for as long as it lasted.
Maybe, he wondered, it was because, for some reason, that was probably linked to him being in an entirely different microcosm; he had bared more of himself to Alejandro than he usually did to others. He had shown sides that people didn’t always get to see when monsters and mythical catastrophes dominated their lives. Whatever the reason was, there had been a connection, and while, yes, Dean was pretty sure now that it wasn’t
“Uh, yeah,” Dean replied while sitting up fully, “but definitely not that.”
“You what?” If Dean had to describe what he was feeling and thinking at this moment, he would not have known how to start. Sure, there was surprise, and that underlying feeling of anxiety, of… of loss, even though he knew, logically, that Sam was never going to be out of his life completely. Even though he had always known that this day would come, that this era of their lives would end for a new one to begin. Among those thoughts, however, there was also a strange sense of relief. Almost as if a burden had been lifted from him because, for once, he didn’t
And so, as they watched the somewhat mediocre but still entertaining flick and drank a few more beers they had taken with them from the bar, Dean did have a good time. And maybe it wasn’t
“I’m not
, at least not once he was already in the mood. Maybe he really was getting old.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nope, we’re not doing this,” Dean quickly interrupted his brother. “Chick-flick moment over.”
“Come on.” Alejandro pushed him out of the backroom and locked the door, this time not reaching for his hand again as he led the way up the few steps to the other building and in.
The next few days, Dean continued to drive up north along the coast. The ocean here was very different from back in Tampico, rougher, and definitely too cold now in mid-November to go swimming. Still, he made a stop at an empty stretch of beach to take a walk, and when the sun came out through the partial clouds, he sat down on a rock with a big thermos cup of coffee and listened to the waves. Even with their much stronger force, there was still something soothing about the sound, something to just zone out to, let everything else fall off of him. Once he got back to Kansas, he really had to make time for trips to lakes and rivers more often, and he wouldn’t feel guilty for it, or selfish about taking time for himself and simply enjoying things - life - with no obligations to anyone.
The barman regarded them for a moment, dark eyes looking back and forth between Sam and Dean before he ran a hand through his thick, wavy dark brown hair and wiped his hands in his apron. “If you want to stay here, a friend of mine has guest apartments just about two hundred meters down the beach. But you’d have to get your own food, and there’s only takeout places in walking distance. If you want a proper restaurant, you’d have to drive. I only do snacks here.”
More of the same followed on Tuesday. Sam called him in the evening and told him he and Eileen had signed on for the house and would start to prepare their move. Dean was happy for them, though there was also that small, subtly aching feeling in his stomach - something melancholy that he probably would not be able to fully overcome for a while. He just had to ride it out, get used to it, and, most of the time, that worked.
“Oh? Exciting. I mean…” Alejandro paused, shrugging softly, “It’s going to be a change, though, huh? Are you going to be okay with that?”
Alejandro still had his back turned towards them, and Dean could see him inhale deeply, roll his eyes but grin nevertheless. And yeah, maybe that reaction made it all pretty obvious.
Dean let out another grunt, trying to decide whether he’d prefer just to roll over and sleep. But then his nostrils picked up the scent of coffee, freshly brewed, and maybe that was reason enough to get up.
Crowley to thank for that because, apparently, it was a crossroads deal that got the orange cheeto the job.”
“Yeah, the Apocalypse,” Dean said, and, with a half-sarcastic chuckle, added, “Good times.”
“I’m sorry,” Alejandro said very softly, and Dean had to swallow again, forcing out a small, regretful chuckle.
Alejandro just gave him a surprised look but then shook his head, lowering his gaze back to the paper to continue to draw. “Go on.”
“That’s right. Because I’m awesome,” Dean said, fully expecting Sam’s exasperated but amused eye roll.
It was just a little while later when Antonio remarked that they needed some music. Adriana turned to Maria and practically begged her to play the guitar and sing. It didn’t take very long for Dean to find out why. He didn’t know the song she was playing - a slow but uplifting Spanish number - but both her skills with the instrument and her voice were incredibly beautiful to listen to.
“I mean,” Dean let out a soft, self-deprecating laugh, “I’ve never been good at talking about feelings and stuff, so, yeah, uh... there’s that. That’s what makes me uncomfortable. But it’s got nothing to do with what you said to me, okay?”
“Oh hey, careful with that, buddy,” Dean said and took the guitar to find a more secure spot for it.
“Uh, yeah. Interesting story. Death can be killed. Everything can. Once he’s dead, the next reaper that gets killed levels up and becomes the new sheriff in town.”
Maybe it was just his imagination or his need for comfort, but when the first rays of sun reached his face it felt like a caress, like an ‘
Had their roles been reversed, Dean would have wanted Cas to find happiness, to not just feel pain but remember him fondly. Dean had to do the same. He owed that to Cas and to himself, and the more often he reminded himself of that fact, the easier it became. The more real and possible it felt to - eventually - reach a point where he’d think of Cas with a smile on his lips and no more than a slight, melancholy ache in his heart.
Tomorrow, Sam would ask for another room. And the next time the three of them went on a hunt together, he’d make sure that he got a room the farthest away from them as possible. And if there were only two adjacent ones available, he’d just sleep in the Impala. And he’d never ever step another foot into a western town again, anyway.
5. Something I have to admit opely and honestly: I was a little disappointed and also worried about the lack of comments on the previous chapter. Although my beta reader assured me that the scene was great, it made me wonder whether people had not enjoyed it. I do hope you guys are still enjoying it. If that is the case, please do let me know. Or if you have any questions, theories etc. share them. I don't know how many of you write fic yourselves, but if you don't then let me tell you, comments - even if it's just people rambling or screaming or something similar - are the absolute best reward we writers can get. And even though you should write for an audience of one (thanks Metatron), having a slightly bigger audience is immensely motivating and rewarding. So please, IF you enjoy this fic, consider taking a moment and letting me know that you do and why that is. :-)
Dean raised an eyebrow at Alejandro and smiled as he lifted his beer bottle and clanked it against Alejandro’s.
I also updated the chapter numbers. Thought this was going to be a 20 chapter max fic when I started writing. Turns out it's 38 chapters now.
It was a lot of work, too. Cesar and Jesse had two permanent staff members and, mostly over the warmer months, at least one foreign student who was there on a work and travel visa, but in the evenings, it was them who had to make their rounds and check on the horses.
“Ah-ha! Cantina - Beach bar. Let’s try there,” he said as he parked the Impala in the shade under some trees.”If nothing else, we can have a beer.”
Dean had said, ‘
Sometimes, he did wonder though, when it was late at night and he felt the loneliest and guiltiest, when he tried to remind himself of the things that made life worthwhile. He wondered if Sam really still needed him as he hoped, or if Dean would not even be a kind of hindrance to him leading a life of his own.
“I have someone helping out on some days, but this is my bar. And I live here,” Alejandro replied with a short laugh. “The building behind the bar, that’s my home. Nothing fancy, but I like the simple life. The beach, the water…” Alejandro met Dean’s gaze, a small, smirk playing around one corner of his mouth before he leaned forward the tiniest bit. “... Meeting interesting strangers and enjoying their company.”
to you too.” Dean hadn’t meant it, least of all in front of Alejandro, but somehow, the second bit had come out a lot flirtier than intended, his body automatically reacting with a bright grin as if by muscle memory.
’ he wrote back, finding it somewhat easier to also be completely honest with him. Maybe that was something he needed to learn to do in general, because the times Dean had been perfectly honest with others,
Once again, words lingered at the edge of his consciousness. He tried to push them away, but they were there, ingrained in his mind as a source for both comfort and grief. While he still struggled to believe everything Cas had said to him, a part of him did, a part trusted that Cas had been able to see more in him, see him more clearly than Dean ever saw himself. Maybe this was what it all boiled down to. John Winchester had always claimed to do things out of love for his family, but it had been mainly a need for revenge that had driven him. And while Dean had so often thought this was his main motivator, too - that he
Dean felt something swell in his heart at her words, and even though this was mainly about him and his future with Cas, his gaze automatically drifted in the direction of the veggie aisle, where he saw Sam engrossed in picking out some zucchini and bell peppers.
Dean shrugged faintly. “I guess light and refreshing sounds good right about now.”
Dean took a deep breath and submerged himself fully, and to his surprise he found that it was a lot more difficult to dive down than in freshwater. Somewhere, in the back of his mind, he remembered that it was the salinity of the water making it denser that gave bodies more buoyancy. The saltiness also burned slightly in his eyes, and he blinked and rubbed them before he just leaned back and let the water carry him, closing his eyes for a moment against the sun that was slowly sinking over the green hills in the distance.
It was both a blessing and a curse that, at that moment, Alejandro came to their table with two fresh margarita pitchers. He smacked Dean’s shoulder in a casual gesture and looked at him and Sam with a wide smile.
“Nah, it’s fine,” Dean interrupted him, “I’ll go.”
“I’m fine,” he tried to get out with a chuckle, but his voice broke. He cleared his throat. “I’m fine.”
He didn’t mention Alejandro again when they headed to the
On top of his grief, he was so confused because, to him, it should not make a difference how those words were meant. He had always loved Cas, too. At least - he had always thought - like a brother. Cas was a part of his family, an integral part he still couldn’t imagine living without. Aside from that, it had never occurred to him, or rather, he hadn’t spared a thought on anything beyond that deep bond. But now? Now there was a nagging feeling in his mind, in his gut and heart that he needed to know. Should have known, should have had more time to process this information.
“I’m fine,” he wheezed, though having passed out from a coughing fit almost looked like the preferable scenario to the conversation he was now facing. “I… uh-- Yeah, he didn’t mean that as a synonym for ass,” he just got out, watching the confusion forming deep furrows on Cas’ forehead.
He could still hear the sounds as he reached the shack with the bathrooms, quickly deciding he’d go back to Alejandro’s place. He made it there - barely - went into the bathroom and opened the faucet to splash cold water in his face. It hardly helped; the coldness hardly felt stronger than the clenching, twisting ache in his chest that seemed to cut off his breath. Dean pressed his eyes shut, grasped the rim of the sink with both hands to feel the cold ceramic press into his palms.
Sam just briefly rolled his eyes. “I wasn’t gonna ask that.” After a sip of his avocado smoothie - though it looked a bit darker today; maybe it was kale, Dean hated kale - Sam continued, “He’s a really nice guy. Alejandro.”
“Pie and cake,” Sam added, and for the first time since this whole conversation had started, Dean, surprisingly, felt a genuine chuckle come over his lips.
, despite the heaviness he still felt echoing in him, he did not feel as lonely as he thought he would have.
He had gotten everything he needed at one of the small supermarkets across the main road; he just had to improvise on the burger sauce because, of course, they didn’t carry the exact brand of BBQ sauce that was the secret ingredient in his usual recipe. He spiced it up with some smoked salsa instead and was satisfied with the result, even more so with the addition of red bell peppers to his usual caramelized onions.
“Hey,
“I’d like to think we both give and take in equal measures, as one should in a mutually loving relationship,” Cas replied.
As Dean went over to the small dining table, Alejandro grabbed two bottles of beer for them and then sat down, looking at the big burger in obvious awe. “This looks so amazing. It almost makes me want to say a prayer and thank God.”
“Yes.”
“So where are we going? Closest beaches in Texas,” Sam said.
“So, what else did you tell him?” Sam asked and quickly added in an innocently interested tone, “about hunting, I mean.”
Dean let out a huffy grunt. “What? You’re keeping tabs on me now?”
He heard Alejandro breathe in deeply, felt his fingers gently rake through the short hair at the nape of his neck, and Dean tried to focus on that, tried not to imagine what such a touch would have felt like, had it been Cas.
As kids, he and Sam had watched ‘
“The reapers do the job. Death doesn’t really come down here to claim every single soul. He… or she--” There was a sudden pang in his middle, the echo of a sound, a fist hammering against a door, and Dean pushed it away, swallowed it down with another swig of beer, and tried to focus on the facts and the facts alone. “They’re basically like a company’s CEO. You can still run a business when the boss is on holiday. Or dead. Until someone new takes over.”
, so don’t feel embarrassed about that. It happens to the best of us.”
’ he replied as a final message and then, after taking a moment pondering whether he should call or write, send a text to Sam to explain he was going to visit Cesar and Jesse and stay for a few days. As he should have expected, Sam was just as supportive of the idea as Claire.
“Do you want me on my back?” Alejandro asked, and Dean could only nod. Yes, he’d very much like that. He had nothing against other positions, but he’d always preferred being able to look his partner in the eyes as they fucked. And that was going to be no exception with Alejandro.
Another chapter a little early. I have a second beta-reader now, so they will each be editing one chapter per week and just reading the other, which means, if all goes well and their schedules permit it, you will get two chapters per week now.
No, but in all seriousness, I knew this was a bit cruel, but that way, the reunion will be even more impactful. I mean... if it's not Lucifer again or some other person just pretending to be Cas. Which could totally happen...  (so much for seriousness).
Alejandro choked a little and swallowed his bite down with some beer. “You what?”
“Hey, I can like both, alright?” Dean replied mock-defensively, which made Alejandro grin and shrug softly.
“Get back to sleep,” he answered in a low voice as he pulled back the covers of his bed.
“Yes, I really meant that.”
“Rich of you,” Sam retorted, “I wonder what Alejandro would say if you stayed the whole night for once. Hm, maybe I should warn him.”
Dean liked how that sounded, particularly when Cas looked at him with a gaze he could only describe as bedroom eyes. A small grin spread over his lips. “Oh, I’d know a thing or two.”
I hope you are happy with this as well.
“Mostly, it’s either homophobes or people who can relate,” Jesse elaborated.
Alejandro left the question hanging open as Dean inhaled slowly and, not to say ‘no’ but to chase the memories away, shook his head. “It was difficult times for all of us. With mom gone and everything,” he said vaguely - to placate Alejandro but himself, too. “We all overreact sometimes.”
How did people ever navigate their lives, not knowing what came next, not having a great big plan and a role to fulfill? Just living life, day by day and seeing what it held in store for them?
Jack would have liked this too, and that, although it was something that gave him a sense of regret, was much easier to think about. Claire and Kaia would love it as well. At least they were still here. Maybe they could all go some time, maybe to California or Florida instead of Mexico. Dean didn’t know if they’d ever been to a beach either. Lying here in this pleasantly warm water, he thought everyone should do that at least once in their lifetime.
“Dean, are the cowboy boots in bed really nece--” Cas’ words died in his throat and were replaced by a low moan as, just in that second, Dean rolled his hips in
“So, uh… maybe creatures first, then. So, aside from regular demons, there are higher-ranking ones, knights of hell; they’re a real bitch to kill, Next are princes of hell, and then, there’s, or there was, also a king of hell. He was one of those unlikely allies on occasion.”
Sure, both he and Sam had flirted their way through the entire Midwest and beyond, but sitting together with people, just chatting about completely mundane things like they were just some dudes on a fun trip and not two hunters - well, that had never really been in the books. They had always had to maintain their role, to some extent, and Dean felt such relief at not having to do that tonight, at simply drinking and talking and laughing, hearing everyday stories of other peoples’ lives. It only got a bit tricky when they had to come up with something about their own lives, but the white lie they gave wasn’t even that big. Dean said they ran a small business for private security, and Sam explained he did a lot of research on the side, and, with copious amounts of alcohol consumed around the table, that was enough of an answer.
Dean both envied and admired Alejandro for that, instantly wondering how much
The explanation of everything had been easier to take than the information itself. After having returned the kids to their mom, they had just driven for a bit and then stopped at the side of the road. Dean definitely didn’t want to have that whole conversation while driving with Cas sitting in the back. He wanted to look at him properly. Hell, he hardly got enough of the sight in the first place, just barely able to contain himself from giving in to the urge to hug Cas again, and again. His guilt and regret made that a little easier, though.
And lastly, mild warning for a kind of anxiety/panic attack type of moment.
Just a small note: We know Dean's a bit of a Trekkie, but in my head canon, he hasn’t seen all of Star Trek. Certainly not Picard, or he’d have noticed that Alejandro kind of looks a lot like that crazy pilot ;-)
“No, no,” Dean quickly cut him off, “this isn’t about a hunt. I’m… uh, on vacation, actually. Well, kind of. I’ve just come up from Mexico. Me and my brother finally took a beach trip like we always wanted but never got around to doing.”
this place, was nowhere near, and Cas thought he understood why. The God that stood before him was so much more powerful than Cas’ father had ever been.
It made him laugh softly through his tears, breathing out a sigh as he felt the small, regretful smile linger on his lips for a few more moments. Without thinking about it, Dean brought the screen to his lips, kissed Cas’ image, and tried to hold back the little sob that was prickling in his nose and making his chest tremble.
And that was good to hear, from someone who shared at least some of his own experience - an acceptance.
But for now, have fun with the chapter. :-)
“You could become a librarian,” Dean said, trying to steer both the conversation and his thoughts in a lighter direction.
an angel when he fell in love with Dean. Dean made him feel things he never thought he could have felt, as an immortal being. Whether he is human now or not, that history will always be there and will always have been extraordinary and one in a million.
It was true, and maybe a little easier to give as a reason than saying he felt a bit insecure about singing. Sure, he’d sung along to songs on the radio as they were driving, even a few times with Cas sitting next to him; and there’d been a few other occasions that he’d managed more or less well. Dean was not generally shy to make an ass out of himself, either, but with music, it was a bit different. He wanted to get it right, especially if it was him who was playing and not just singing along to a tune coming from a recording. And even more so, if Cas was his audience.
“I’m not sure yet. Two at least,” Dean replied, liking the sound of the offer. It was definitely more pricey than a regular motel room, but also much nicer, he expected.
’ came her next message, and knowing that she’d be okay with it made his decision a whole lot easier.
“Our mom died when we were kids. Demon,” he explained, seeing Alejandro’s gaze softening in sympathy, “Our dad spent the rest of his life trying to find the bastard who did it. So we were in it from the start.”
Alejandro let out a soft, breathy laugh. “No, I’m an atheist.”
“It’s really something, huh?”
“Shut up and drink your smoothie,” Dean ground out. He was definitely
"Sam, is there an alternative meaning to the word 'bottom', other than being at the lower end or as a synonym for backside?"
And sure enough, Sam did that whole facial gymnastics thing as he regarded him - something between curious and an ‘I don’t even wanna know, let me get out of here’ puppy dog stare.
Alejandro definitely had a point. This morning, Dean had to rush back to get headphones so he could listen to music, and the other day he had forgotten the sunscreen, lucky that Alejandro had been able to provide some. Ever since Sam had left, Dean had spent every single evening with Alejandro, and twice already, he had only left early in the morning after they had both fallen asleep. There was no real point in keeping the rental much longer.
Dean nodded, though there was a slight sting in his chest as he thought back. Despite how things had ended roughly a year ago, Lee had once been his friend. Someone who, even while hunting together, had given him some semblance of a more normal, freer life for a short time. If Dean was perfectly honest with himself, as he’d started to become recently, there had definitely been feelings on his part that had gone beyond mere friendship, though he never knew whether Lee had returned them.
Another soft chuckle vibrated against the skin of his cheek, and Alejandro finally tore himself away. “Not far now. We can make it.”
Dean felt a little relieved, though he briefly let the thought linger of why exactly it unsettled him so much if people could tell he was into men. After all, he had decided he didn’t want to hide that part of himself any longer. But as with everything, he assumed, it wasn’t something you could simply turn off like a switch.
, but Dean couldn’t even get the words out, something in his throat constricting. His nose was blocking up, and his sight was becoming blurry.
“Angels?” Alejandro asked, eyes widened, his sketchbook briefly sinking to his knees. “So those are real?”
with our own dreams and wishes because he was too obsessed with getting revenge for mom. So don’t let whatever he might have seen in you or wanted you to be, stop you now. Screw him!”
“Oh Jack,” Cas breathed out, and in the next moment, they both moved, arms wrapped around each other in a tight embrace, and Cas could, not forget, per se, but let it not hinder him that Jack was God. In this moment, he was just the boy Cas had sworn to protect, whom he’d come to love as a son. “I’m sorry Jack, but I had no choice. I had to do it to save Dean. I hope you understand.”
“There were moments… I guess, kind of… years ago already. How he sometimes looked at you, always focussed on you, first. Or the way he betrayed everything he knew and was told to believe in, for you. Dean, Cas has been in love with you for ages, and the only way you never saw that was because you’re too full of self-loathing to trust or even accept that you are worth being loved that way.”
He liked it here on the ranch, too, liked the daily routines he’d established over the past few days, the physical work and the mostly soothing, calming presence of the horses - if they weren’t being little shits like that one gelding that had thrown him off a few days ago. He also liked Cesar and Jesse, of course; he enjoyed spending the evenings with them over a great, home-cooked meal and pleasant conversation, but they were more subdued, more focused on each other and the microcosm of their ranch. As much as Dean enjoyed the peace and quiet down here, he also felt strangely lonely with the absence of Leanne’s lively energy.
Had Dean been even a little bit uncertain about this, those words were the last thing he needed to take away any remaining inhibitions. Licking his lips, he brought them to the base of Alejandro’s cock, heard the sharp intake of breath from him as he let them travel up and then close around the head.
and the tag "What it Means to Be Alive", because I will inform you of any delays there.
“Maybe later, it looks hectic tonight,” he replied in English, and yes, Dean was quite sure he was addressing him, too. “I just can’t leave Juana to run the bar alone. Tomorrow, it’s looking a bit different because I have Gerardo helping out, too. But… I could use an early, quiet evening staying in.” He had turned to pick up some of the glasses and wipe the table, for a short moment only facing Dean, and he gave him a look that very clearly said that the last bit of information was meant for him.
He tried to remember the feeling he had experienced on those first days of their trip, while Sam had still been there and encouraged him to just do what he wanted. Hell, he’d even suggested Dean could move to Mexico, and while that had only been a completely theoretical scenario, it had somehow felt easier to imagine something vague that still lay in the future. Something that lay at the end of his trip - a point that he had gotten closer to now and that made it more urgently needed to come up with a solid plan instead of just a scenario for ‘someday’ and ‘once I’ve figured things out’.
It was late afternoon when Dean finally had the opportunity to catch Alejandro on his own. Most patrons that had come to the beach over the day had already left. Just the elderly couple and two teenage boys were still there, the latter playing frisbee by the water and the former well-supplied with their own food and drinks from a cooler bag.
“He was curious,” Dean explained, swallowing another swig of coffee. “And it’s not like the guy didn’t already know, so I told him a few things. Just a rough overview of stuff, though. If I’d gone much into detail, I’d still be sitting there,” he finished with a chuckle.
Hope you all had a fun first of April and are having a nice Easter weekend/spring break - just as long as you stay sensible and safe. Here's a new chapter.
After a quick shower and getting dressed for the beach, Dean went to prepare something to eat. He could have gone for eggs and bacon - luckily, Teresa and Juana had provided that - but it was much too hot for cooking anything on the stovetop. So he simply made a sandwich and drank a canned iced coffee they still had left from the road instead of brewing some.
Alejandro looked up, gaze slightly quizzical. “Yes, I did.”
When he finally reached the Eastern shore, however, the sun had already disappeared behind the mountains. A sunset here from this view was something he’d have to watch another night. He followed a sign reading
“Okay, so don’t judge me for only having pirated this one. This isn’t exactly something I wanted to spend money on.”
“You’re just jealous.”
“Muchas gracias, Alejandro,” Sam said.
Over the years, however, there had been occasions where, had Dean not been raised the way he had, and therefore repressed anything that made him, as stupid as that sounded, feel unmanly, he would have given in to his curiosities. There had been many guys who’d expressed interest in him, and some of them had made him wonder, made him think, only to feel ashamed of it the next second.
There was some more chatter, this time in rapid Spanish, so Dean couldn’t even follow and guess what they were saying. A minute later, Alejandro excused himself and went back inside to help Juana with the next orders.
Miracle, as he had named the dog, came running in wagging his tail as Dean opened the door and knelt down to pet the dog, running his fingers through the fluffy fur as the mutt tried to lick his face. There was something very special about the pure and innocent adoration dogs had for humans- how quickly and easily they became devoted to them, and it tugged at Dean’s heartstrings when he wrapped his arms around the dog and buried his face in his fur. It was both comforting and saddening, because it made him
I don't know how many of you expected there to be het sex in this fic, or whether you even saw it coming between those two, but to me it was important to have Dean make at least one experience with a woman after he came out as bisexual. Because, well, you can imagine, with Destiel being endgame, there'll be none of that in his future. And despite it being casual and a one-time thing, I didn't want it to be entirely meaningless, no encounter with a complete stranger at some bar but someone he at least had some kind of connection with. To me, it was important to stress that this is still part of his sexuality, that he hasn't "gone gay" now. Dean will always be bi, even if Leanne was the last woman he's had sex with for the rest of his life.
Sam gave him a thin smile instead of a ‘you’re welcome’ and watched Cas get up from his chair.
“Of course we did. Do you think I’m an idiot?”
“How did your dad die?” Dean cut him off again, not wanting the conversation to go in this direction. He realized for the first time that, while Alejandro had spoken of his dad before and described him in the past tense, he had never asked about him.
Sam laughed again. “Yeah, of course.”
“Salud,” Dean replied, liking the sound of the foreign word on his tongue more and more. And what he liked, even more, was the taste of the tequila on Alejandro’s lips as he leaned in for a deep but leisurely kiss.
Their arms wrapped around each other, they kissed deeply, and Cas thought he could just get lost in all the sensations - those of both body and mind - could just let their slow kisses go on and on. Of its own accord, his body slid a little closer, and a sigh came over Cas’ lips, caught by Dean’s.
The truth was that Dean should be okay, was okay. He was looking forward to dinner and whatever they might come up with to pass the time, but he also knew damn well that his mood had shifted and that, perceptive as Alejandro seemed to be, it couldn’t go unnoticed. Nevertheless, Dean’s first instinct was to lie or at least evade. “Yeah. I was just thinking.”
“So, what’s next?” Dean asked as he started the engine, “Bungee jumping?”
feel guilty about that. He could have done better, could have - even between all the cosmic-scale events - found more time to give him at least a hint of that levity. Well, he had tried, had done a few things, like teaching him to drive, taking him fishing, watching movies with him, but it hardly seemed enough in hindsight.
Dean nodded, a smile on his lips, that instantly disappeared a second later when he considered Alejandro’s request. “How exactly am I gonna say that in Spanish?”
He breathed through the tears that had started to run down his cheeks; both cursing the fact that he hadn’t taken more photos, or videos even, and not knowing whether he’d even be able to look at them, whether he’d
“Oh.” There was something knowing and understanding in Alejandro’s tone. “And now you’re thinking about your dad... how he would’ve reacted if he knew?”
“Well, true, but--”
But Cesar laughed softly through the line, surprised, maybe delighted, as he continued, “Of all the people to call, I’d have expected you the least. How are you doing, man?”
“Let’s get the show started.”
“So what’s your story then?” Dean wanted to know and Alejandro let out a small, reminiscent chuckle.
me with it or make me think you should have kept your problems to yourself, because talking about these things is just a normal part of any proper friendship.”
However, Cas remaining immortal while Dean very obviously isn't, would mean that Cas would have to watch Dean grow old and frail, and eventually die, leaving him to live on for eons with just the memory of his lost love. I know some people like such tragic elements to a story, but I'm definitely not one of them. I want them to have the opportunity to be on the same page, to experience things truly together instead of one of them always more in an observing, distant role. I want them to build a life together, grow old together, and both die when they're very old, not too long apart from each other.
Dean grinned and took his first bite, too. And yeah, he had outdone himself a little there, because this burger tasted absolutely fucking amazing.
Dean still envied her a little for being able to do that - to find comfort and joy just being on your own - and he found himself yearning to discover that ability in himself as well.
“Oh, yeah, you could say that,” he replied, glad to have found a topic to talk to that distracted him from his previous thoughts. “I mean, I haven’t seen everything, like the latest shows, but yeah, other than that, I’ve seen most of it.”
Had someone, in the past, asked him to pick an element, Dean probably would have, without giving it too much thought, said fire. Fire was impulsive, raw, and powerful, and in many ways, that felt fitting. If he
Dean, feeling somewhat giddy about this now, reached into the side-compartment of the driver’s door to search for a tape he’d remembered, though he rarely ever listened to it.
There was no difference in that with Alejandro just because he was a guy. While they had been lucky the first time around and didn’t succeed with the timing the second, this time, the novelty of the whole thing had worn off a little, and Dean had been able to focus more on technique rather than being overwhelmed by all the new sensations.
he wrote and then, after a moment’s pause, decided to bring a more pressing matter up as well.
Maybe he could really use a friend, too. One like normal people had, not someone you only spoke to every once in a blue moon, but someone you could talk to, confide in, regularly. Despite having met many people Dean deeply cared about, like Jody, Donna, and Garth, it had never gotten to that point where they would just chat about insignificant things, or turn to each other for advice on regular, everyday human problems.
Dean wouldn’t have objected to ripping each other’s clothes off right here in the bar, but there were things they might need - and for the first time since he had acknowledged and then followed his attraction to Alejandro, he wondered what the man expected of him, what he was into. It was a little bit easier to remain patient then, or rather nervous and a little worried that this might not work out. As much as he wanted to spend the night with him, there were some things Dean was not prepared to do.
“What?”
It was impossible now not to feel like the song spoke to him directly, talked about something he had experienced, was still experiencing. Dean couldn’t help it, couldn’t stop the images from stirring in his mind.
“And,” he continued, with emphasis, as he took the book back from Dean’s hands, “The outlaw gunslinger kind of reminds me of you.”
, not just somewhere in the farthest corners of his mind but in front of another person, his brother - this was really awkward and difficult enough to handle as it was.
“What about you?” Alejandro wanted to know, which Dean had expected. Still, he wondered how to make the long-ass story of his life a bit shorter.
He didn’t know what to reply with,
It felt good hearing this, like a small spark of confidence that was slowly spreading in Dean’s mind, though it did not chase away all doubts and questions yet. There was one glaring difference between him and them, and between him and Sam.
Dean was not avoiding him - he was caring for him in the best way possible - but he simply did not fully seem to know how to act around Cas.
Dean had already met Raúl and Fernando as well as Maria and Gerardo last week, and he was glad to have remembered the names. A while later, after they had opened their first drinks and sat down around the fire, Antonio, who had been there last week, too, came down the beach with three other people in tow - Leticia, Adriana, and Maria Luisa, who went by Luisa to avoid any mix-up. Dean just hoped that he’d be able to remember the names as well.
His fist still around Alejandro, he could feel his dick pulse in his hand, his muscles twitch and tighten around Dean as he followed just seconds later, his come sticky and warm between them.
“Seriously, if that whole story were a TV show, it would be the craziest thing ever. Not sure anyone would watch that, though. I mean, it sounds very controversial.”
, leaving out the parts where it had been Lucifer possessing his best friend who’d teleported him through time.
“Uh, yeah, it-- it’s the family business.”
“Well, I am of legal age,” Alejandro replied, grinning slightly, and Dean did too, despite rolling his eyes.
the place; she assured Dean of that fact after some harmless teasing and banter that he already knew he was going to miss. However, she wanted to do what she had initially planned - travel around a bit, visit other friends and relatives, and, as she had put it, spend some time with her own company.
“Hey, Bob Marley is a legend. And there’s no roads leading to Jamaica, and I ain’t flying,” Dean replied. “So shut your piehole and listen,” he said and turned up the volume.
Another note and a warning: Dean was in a dark place back then, and there was heavy alcohol abuse. The latter is a tricky topic anyway, and I've been pondering about it a lot. If we were perfectly realistic, if this wasn't a story about fictional characters, set in a universe where everyone just drinks way too much and it's never fully addressed as a problem, then we would have to conclude that Dean probably is an alcoholic and would have to quit entirely. But the show has been a bit unclear on this, because, even though Dean does consume quite a lot of alcohol (and
“Just so you know,” he started softly, “if you want to talk about what you told me last night, you can.”
of guilt and shame he had felt back then. It had been the same shame he had felt every time he had been drawn to another boy, or man, no matter how vague that attraction had been. These feelings were only ever there for a split-second before he pushed them away, drowning them in drinks he was too young to consume, and hooking up with the first woman who would have him. And those hadn’t been few.
Sam just looked down at him, hands on hips, brows raised and giving him a crooked smirk. “Yeah. I can see that. So get up, get dressed. We’re going quad riding.”
Dean shrugged and made a small waving motion with his hand. “No, it’s just… err… I may be a little worn from all that horse riding. You know, once you reach my age, you’ll understand,” he said in a mock-dramatic tone that only made Alejandro snort and roll his eyes slowly.
It was really the most impressive and fascinating sight he’d ever experienced. Later, when the boat brought them to a second small reef after their lunch break, it got even better. Dean was getting the hang of controlling the buoyancy and floating in the water a little more calmly now, and so he could focus on taking a few pictures with the underwater camera he had rented. He actually managed to take a few decent photos, the best one probably being of two clownfish in an anemone at the side of a perfectly vertical coral block. And, yep, he was totally going to send it to Claire with the caption ‘
Cas shrugged faintly, and there was just the faintest trace of melancholy visible on his features, and Dean knew he was thinking about Jack. Dean squeezed his hand a little and briefly brought it up to his lips to kiss his knuckles.
It's Tuesday, so next chapter. Dean's still at Lake Almanor and making a new friend. I hope you enjoy this chapter as well. Please let me know.
“Hey,” he heard Sam softly behind him, his voice still a bit thick with sleep. “When did you start getting up so early?”
“Shut your face!” Even before Dean coughed, having swallowed his bite of the burrito a little too quickly, Sam’s serious face had turned to an amused, big, self-satisfied grin, and he was laughing now, low in the back of his throat.
Dean couldn’t help but smile, though it was a thin smile, barely yet chasing away the heaviness he still felt inside of him, but it was a start. He did feel embarrassed, though, stupid and ridiculous to lose his shit over a song and cry about something that had happened half a year ago.
Any plans yet for today?
“Great, now you’re comparing me to your dad,” Dean said somewhat more dramatically than necessary as he sank back into the pillow and heard Alejandro laugh softly.
Dean caught the bottle, making sure to do so grumpily, though he knew his brother and Alejandro were probably right. His lower arms were used to being exposed to the sun, but the rest of his body not so much.
It was in the evening, when the sun had already set, that Sam and Dean did their own thing for a while. Sam wanted to video chat with Eileen, and Dean swallowed the suggestive, teasing remark that was on the tip of his tongue and instead just told him to say hi from him. He changed into a fresh shirt (not a Hawaiian one but a simple, short-sleeved shirt in a pale, rusty-red, subtle pattern) and a light pair of jeans before he headed down to the beach bar.
Back in Mexico, Dean had already gotten a taste of that: just doing what he felt like and not thinking about what was expected of him by anyone. Sure, when he had been on the road before - whenever Sam had not been around - he had also taken time to do something
That evening, the wind picked up, and clouds were covering the sky. The last guests of the day left the beach early, and Alejandro decided to close the bar for the night. He didn’t expect any patrons to come down here in this weather, in the middle of the week, even later. So, with more time on their hands, Dean suggested they could ditch their regular takeout meals. Instead, he decided to cook something, treating Alejandro to some traditional home-made cheeseburgers.
“I’ll definitely do that. But for now…” Alejandro got up from the beach chair and pulled his t-shirt over his head, dropping it on the surface, “I’m going for a swim.”
As he leans back into the seat, Dean fidgets with the keys instead of starting the car. “Do we need one?”
When he re-enters the bathroom to brush his teeth as he waits, he hears Cas grumble, “It sticks like glue.”
“What did he say?”
“You think I’m care what bitch said?” A cruel laugh. “You walk out, we lose day worth of money, you know, like get your sorry ass to Akkarea to collect bounty. But no, because you, she order us around, like she Queen Shit.”
“Fine,” Cas answers.
Outside, Bobby is standing beside a huge barbecue, coals glimmering with fresh heat, the smoke curling in Dean's nose, earthy, tangy, wonderful.
Dean claps his hands, and the kitchen island including a breakfast counter appears. “Now that's what I'm talking about,” Dean mumbles, looks at Cas, and finds him rounding the island with his fingertips following the lines of the smooth marble. He stops right in front of Dean, and considering the space on the counter top if he ever wanted to-- yeah, that needs to be bigger.
He feels his heartbeat... slowing. The touch is calming, grounding him. His hand flutters over Cas' rib cage, down towards his abdomen, to his hip.
seduce one of them and
Dean breathes out a groan. He'd never thought it'd feel like this.
Charlie sighs. “You can pass it off as part of what makes you a good hunter and con-man. I guess. But think about why it comes as natural to you as it does.”
“Oh, blah, trust. Can’t trust anyone these days.”
“I would offer to take you to our base, so you could call him now — we do have that kind of technology—” Eileen starts, but Sam waves her off.
according to Cas, and you almost drove us into oncoming traffic because you were busy arguing like an old married couple?”
“Shit,” he huffs on the exhale, and adds, “Dude. What was that?”
Cas kisses Dean's shoulder, feels that Dean isn't done yet, and lets him talk.
So what, being the little spoon is kind of awesome.
Dean splays his hand wide, thumb resting against Cas' neck, and knows that despite everything, he's a lucky man.
Last time: the family lunch becomes a bit awkward, but they all power through, and Dean and Cas have some fun in the front seat of the Impala.
Back in the early days of hyperspace travel, if failures arose, they tended to be catastrophic. Failure meant that an entire ship and its crew were lost. Lucky for Terrans, that’s heavy lifting Akkareans had done before them and travel regulations were there for a reason.
Dean's stomach flutters. She knows.
The small repairs are done easy enough, but the big one, the front suspension, will take him all day, at least. Dropping the axle, fixing the control arms and dampers and then reversing the whole process with part of the motor unplugged, having to drain the fluids – well, she needs an oil change anyway. He has work to do.
After Jack and Cas went on their daily maintenance run together, supposedly fixing some minor structural things Dean can't get behind, Dean had staid with his Mom. “So how has it been, with Dad?”
A quick nod against his shoulder, and Cas' pace becomes faster. “Can I just--”
Dean finds a text on his phone, though.
Dean straightens his back, looks up at him over his shoulder, notices the surreptitious upwards shift of his eyes, but doesn't comment on it. “Okay. Doesn't answer my question what you want for breakfast, though.”
(See the end of the chapter for
with him, and about Dean's racing heart in his chest and he just wants to make Cas feel good.
Last time: Dean and Cas kiss like they have 12 years to catch up on, it's gaming night at the Roadhouse, and Charlie needs some reassurance.
All he does is shift closer, against Cas' body, against his heat and the miles and miles of gloriously naked skin.
“What do you mean?” Jo asks, confused, before understanding dawns on her face. “Wait, do you have
Cas looks at him, lips opening around a question that never gets asked, because Dean knows exactly what he wants to ask.
And not just any guy, but Castiel, angel of the lord.
“Rest with me?” is what he gets out.
Dean nods
He could, if he wanted.
Music blares and Dean sings along when he's not talking to his car, because of course he keeps her up to speed about what he's doing.
Sam, startled by the familiar sound he hasn't heard in so long. The pure ecstatic joy spreading on his face before he takes three huge steps and wraps a smiling Cas up in a bear hug makes Dean almost emotional. Almost. Ok, so he sniffles, but that's it.
“Fine,” Dean lies. It’s not entirely a lie, not with the way he still feels the activities of last night — the sticky residue of lube, his tender muscles,
Right. Their house, their bedroom.
For the moment, he takes it all in and does his job. They disperse around the Roadhouse, everyone doing what they always do. Every time Dean ducks down under the counter to put away an empty bottle or reach for the trash bin, he feels
Eileen chortles, amused, and it’s kinda cute. “I’ve had worse.”
“Hmmm.”
And just like that, there's the edge, and then it's not, and Dean looks into blue, blue eyes right before he goes under. Spills his load over his stomach and the sheets and Cas' hand. The muscles in his legs and thighs are spasming, his nerves are singing and Cas' cock is poking, hard, against his right ass cheek.
Dean was so sure of his feelings.
Mary gives him a nonplussed look. “Yeah. Makes for the best conversations. It's a tradition for your Dad and me.”
Want is curling, low in his gut, at the prospect of Cas under him, sex hair and all.
But he’s in his cabin, in his own bed, on his own ship. Safe.
Dean slaps Cas' ass on his way out the back door. No one bats an eye.
It wasn’t the last time Baby saved their lives, either.
Sam screws up his face. "Doesn't mean I have to like it."
It's nothing like the kisses they've shared so far.
“Thank you. Do you want the long or the short version of the story?”
“Um,” Sam stutters. “Not steal my ship?”
This is none of his business. Dean looks for Cas, and as if everyone felt the shift at the table, there's a ripple in heaven and the booth widens. Cas sits at the end of the bench after a short flutter of wings. Taking a seat next to him, Dean tips his knee against Cas' under the table. Cas smiles, a quiet, happy little thing curling his lips, sweet and indulgent. It makes Dean sigh, to see him so comfortable, so at home in this group of people.
It's maybe an hour after sunrise when a noise, a creak, makes him look sideways, only to find Jack sitting down on a folding chair next to him, fishing rod in hand as well. Dean doesn't even flinch, and he probably has Cas and years and years of him popping up two inches from his face to thank for that. At least Jack has a grasp of personal space.
When they're done eating and packing up their food, Cas puts the basket back into the trunk, and Dean slams it shut.
“We're in this together,” is what Cas says, soft and quiet with blue eyes shining, his eyebrows high, slanting down in that way of his that makes him look so open, so vulnerable, especially with the way he looks at Dean from the side. It's what he doesn't say but Dean hears all the same.
Whatever. Dean shakes his head, shakes the meeting off.
“Mhm,” Dean hangs his head, tips it against hers.
It's probably like any German stepping onto an American Oktoberfest, it's the same kind of weird.
Dean retreats. He has to, for his own sanity. Breathes, shakes his hips a bit because his underwear is sticking to his hard dick, and that's not comfortable.
There's a smirk playing around Charlie's lips. “Have you considered you're maybe biromantic but heterosexual?”
nervous. Because these things always make you nervous, not because it's Dad. I've never, ever had even one girlfriend that I brought home to meet my parents, so this is a first for me, too.”
Dean is two seconds away from losing his mind. Grappling at Cas, his hair, his shoulders, the sheets, pressing his shoulders into the mattress, flexing his thighs just to keep still.
With a sharp look from the side, Sam shuts him up.
She throws her head back with a booming laugh. “Hell, no. But, you know,” and the angle at which she looks up at him changes just so, the look in her eyes turning sultry as she props one elbow on the table. “His loss might still be your gain.” And a wiggle of her eyebrows, as if Dean didn't get it the first time.
“It's okay,” he feels Cas smiling against his cheek as hot tears run down into that hot mess of dark hair.
Dean must look like a dumbass, because Charlie's smile turns fond. “Seriously? Scott Pilgrim.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “It's not like I didn't know from the moment that Bobby said, 'Cas helped' to rebuild heaven. I knew that however we'd make it, it'd be us, together, for eternity. So, if you ask me once again if I know the definition of a sentiment, yes, Cas, I do, and also, yes, Cas, I do.”
"We had a deal, Charlie," Dean reminds her.
The first three tries end up with the head of Cas' cock nudging against Dean's rim and slipping off, against his balls or up his crack. After the third time, Dean snorts with frustration and Cas kisses it off his lips, grinning against them. “Here, let me,” he offers, voice a quiet, reassuring whisper against the drums that are Dean's heartbeat in his ears.
Cas is hovering in Dean's periphery, chatting with Charlie and Jo, who throws in a sentence whenever she passes them by on her way from one end of the bar to the other.
Leaning back in his chair with a lopsided smile, Crowley takes a deep breath. “Meet me. Let me tell you a story. Have your mind blown. Work with me, in a general sense. No direct jobs, for now. And I’ll find you Mary Winchester.”
Jo slaps the list down and Dean scans it briefly.
“Which part, because both seems like a lot at once,” Dean chuckles, leans in to nibble at Cas' lips, to cover up the sudden surge of nerves.
Dean salutes towards the screen. “On our way, my queen.”
Mary's eyebrows rise even higher when her lips quirk into a knowing smile. “Like a band-aid, Dean. Get it off your chest.”
“Yes, really,” she grins. “Call it a Mom thing, you know when you're introduced to your children's significant others.”
Slowly, Dean lets that smirk that threatens to split his lips work its magic.
“No, it’s not, Casanova,” Dean chuckles, and drinks again to cover how strange, unheard of, unsettling it is that he’s even bothering to let this guy down easy.
A few things happen all at once.
He looks at the kid, finds him looking back with an open, easy expression.
Dean hums, flicks his tongue against the sensitive junction point, just the tip. Then he leans back, sits up, propped on his elbow, to watch Cas, breathing heavily, looking up at him with bright blue eyes.
Sam sits down, puts his seatbelt on, and grabs the bucket from under the control panel. “As I’ll ever be. I still want to drive, not jump, for the record.”
“Hm, Dorothy. Nice ring to it.”
“I still can't believe that it's over.”
Cas gulps down a huge breath.
Wordlessly, Dean returns to the closet, gets a pair of jeans from Cas' side, a white t-shirt, and after some consideration, a light blue plaid shirt from his own side.
There's that feeling again, of not being able to breathe, in all the best ways. Dean reaches down, grabs at Cas' shoulders, at his neck, not guiding or holding, just placing them there.
This whole sexuality crisis he expected is pretty mellow.
And this is definitely food for thought, this is something for later. This is what he could have, and Cas seems to get that, now, too. He stares up at Dean, wondering, “What's the difference? Of wording it like that?”
answers, his voice soft, laced with warmth.
That's when it all falls into place and Dean realizes. “So all this time, you didn't know that Cas was still alive?”
Eileen shrugs, then answers, in that carefully pronounced way of hers, soft-spoken and yet confident, “We picked up your distress signal. Sorry we couldn’t send someone earlier. But we don’t go out during the daytime, in the heat.”
Dean gulps, a lump forming in his throat, a snap clicking shut around his rib cage, making it hard to get some air. “This got way too serious, too soon.”
With a snort, Kevin goes right back to sleep.
But just a few hours later, as the roar of an engine rattles the walls of the ship, Sam breathes a little easier. He grins when he sees the familiar figure of his brother, side by side with Castiel, exiting the airlock of Castiel’s ship.
“Aren’t you chipper,” Charlie teases. “Don’t tell me you got some? Because that’s your got-some grin.”
And suddenly, it all sits a bit more right in Dean's bones. Cas giving his grace to Jack, it seems only natural.
Chuck, Amara and Jack are standing around the table.
“I like wearing yours,” Cas ponders. “They smell like you and we seem to be the same size.”
Ok, so they're jerking each other off, cool. Under the cover, proper. With Cas thrusting into his hand, meeting his strokes, with Dean trying to match his speed. At first, it's a bit weird, finding their rhythm, finding the exact angle, and a minute or two into it, they stop, laughing and grinning at each other while they rearrange some limbs.
And sure enough, Jody and Donna seem to have somewhat agreed on how to do this by the time Cas and Dean return.
“I guess Metatron wasn't that much off, huh?” Chuck chuckles. “You
“Nothing. It gives you a bit more power, that's all. Though I suggest we use it towards reworking heaven.”
Deep breath.
Charlie sidles up to him and gets the coffee machine up and running. She looks rumpled in her pajamas, with her hair tousled and loose, unkempt in the most adorable way. "So to whom do I send my complaint regarding the clothes you left in a trail down the hallway? I almost faceplanted when I got in and tripped over your pants."
The angle is all wrong, they don't align and Dean feels something twinge in his back, leaning too far back - so he nudges Cas' hip, makes him sit lower against the headboard.
And he laughs into Cas' shoulder and doesn't even know why this shit is so funny, but he can't stop for a hot minute there.
To think that he called Cas junkless once.
She levels him with a firm gaze. “Feathers, I know. We're good. I don't hold a grudge, you did warn me, and look – everything turned out alright, in the end.”
Cas smells like honey and sea salt and clean sweat and Dean cannot get enough of it.
And once Cas' eyes open back up, glazed over and pupils wide, Dean leans in to kiss him. “You good?”
"Dean." Sam's voice is very unimpressed and slightly tinny over the intercom. Still, even if Dean couldn't see it, he hears the huge grin on his face. "You're not a cowboy."
“Yeah,” Dean grins, and Cas rolls his eyes, full of affection and fondness.
. Who’s this again? He knows it’s one of Bobby’s old tapes, the ones he always needs to dig up from the bottom of the box. Elton John, that’s it. “Cause you won’t find stuff like this in the ones your Dad left,” Bobby had said.
Mary and Dean share a fond smile.
For a while, they just sit in silence, before Dean asks, “Hey, um, Cas. Do you ever get bored?”
Dean wants to say, yes, of course. It's not a lie.
Ok, this, this is hella weird.
Dean is still nowhere to be seen, so they go to bed — Eileen in an extra room, Sam in his berth. If he wasn’t so exhausted and if he didn’t trust that Eileen wouldn’t go anywhere in the upcoming heat, he’d be too riled up to sleep.
Charlie jumps on his back and Jo laughs when he drops her, unceremoniously, onto a bar stool.
Cas returns sometime after 9 p.m.
“Aw, c’mon, moose from Geuse.” Crowley sneers and Sam looks taken aback. Moose?
Just here to say: Thank you all so much. Thank you for following along as we meet new and old characters (big additions coming soon!). Also, I promise we'll get to the smut, eventually!
Taking a deep breath is hard. Dean nods to himself. “There's a lot of nostalgia, here.”
“If I learned one thing, it's that neither of them can go unchecked. I think we're two steps away from a truce of sorts, and I won't let them mess it up, for all of our sake.”
“What is it?”
They can't stop, can't think, don't want to.
“Thanks,” she says, before they toast and throw back the tequila and bite into the lime. “It's good to have you around, Dean. I love my Mom, but it's... tense, sometimes. I'm sure you can imagine.”
From the corner of his eyes, Cas looks at Dean.
But there's a hard dick pushing against his ass. If he shifted his hips a bit, just a tilt – yep, then it'd sit right against the crack of his ass.
The road is endless, and the Impala leaves only dust in its wake. To have her here, with him, is truly heaven – responding to every tap on the gas pedal, every inch he turns the steering wheel, the way she slides around the corner when he hits the breaks. She is his only focus, no thought interrupting their reunion.
Even considering one or two hours of having dinner at Bobby’s, Dean is late.
“Yeah, go ahead,” Dean kisses his hand, the one once again entwined with his, and also still covered in his own come.
He'll find out. He can wait for that.
Dean returns her smile, then shouts over to the bar, “Hey Ellen, can we get some whiskey over here?”
What is his life, he thinks, but smiles and asks, “Well, can I have it back?”
Dean never thought the thought of having a dick in his mouth would ever turn him on, but said dick is very unintimidating, cradled in their joined hands right now, and the whole thing seems manageable.
“Charlie, we’re leaving in ten!” Dean calls into the vague vicinity of the ship’s quarters.
“I know,” Eileen shoots him a nonplussed look and a high eyebrow. “Sam took my car and he had my phone. I didn't have papers or cell phone numbers. Until I was organized enough to find my way back home and get a new phone and reached out to Jody for your numbers – when I got a hold of Sam, you were already dead, Dean.”
“Shut it, Samantha.”
“Which side are you on, then?”
Dean nods, feels his nose clog up. He sniffles. He knows he can cry and Cas is the last person on earth – or in heaven – who would judge him for it. Hell, he's cried in front of Cas almost as often as in front of Sam. It just doesn't feel right to cry
“Oh, hell yes,” Charlie pumps her fist. “Mario Party 3. Such a classic. RIP your controllers, though.”
Dean hums against the crown of his head, curiosity getting the better of him. “Quick question: How did Jack bust you out of the empty, how did that happen? Were you awake when he got there?”
Then he remembers that they are not free, not yet, and he scrambles to his feet, runs out of the airlock and falls into the navigator’s seat beside Castiel, who is already aiming for the exit hatch, accelerating way faster than what is common or permitted or even reasonable within a closed environment.
His stare at John is the only constant for Dean, right now, as he tries to make sense of him. His thoughts are jumbled, messy. Part of him wants to scream, but when he talks, it comes out rather monotone. “What are you saying, Dad?”
He gets that same look right back. “Because you would've responded so well to me telling ya, 'You lost your boyfriend,' ya think? Like every other goddamn monster trying to get a rise outta you. 'course.”
“If you're going to make goo-goo eyes at him all evening, just take the night off and go get a room and fuck it out,” she grumbles. “Jesus fucking Christ on a pogo stick.”
Dean rolls over and buries his face in his pillow. He’s so not ready to face the day
Last time: Dean blows Cas for the first time, dirty prayers are a thing that happens, and Sunday looms on the horizon.
He has an obnoxious, pleased grin on his face. But Dean doesn't have anything to say in his defense.
Dean's heart is beating too loud, too fast. An idea strikes him. “If someone would've told me about this like twelve years ago, I'd have lost it.”
But then, Cas switches arms, leans to the other side, trapping Dean's hand between them - so he can reach down, too.
The days and weeks all blend together after that. Christmas looms around the corner way too fast, and Dean spends Christmas eve with Cas at Sam's and Eileen's, and they drink eggnog all night until Eileen passes out. The morning after, there's cheesy gifts wrapped in newspaper for old time's sake, and Dean gets a gift voucher for a sex shop from Sam and a necklace from Cas. The symbol on the coin hanging on it is Enochian, and Cas won't reveal what it means, just that he likes to see Dean wearing jewelry. So Dean wears it anyway.
Dean sighs, showers and ignores his morning wood, texts Sam, and goes over to their place for breakfast.
That's a string of words Dean has never expected to hear from Jack. Slowly, he starts to grin. “You don't happen to have met a woman there, long brown hair, looks kinda gruff, and her daughter, gorgeous blonde with brown eyes?”
Dean laughs at that.
Thank you all so much for reading, if you want to make me happy, feel free to drop a comment <3
Dean doesn't want to talk about other angels, so he rubs his hands down Cas' sides, to the small of his back again, traces circles into the vertebrae of his spine and presses his thumbs into the knots. And he sees it now, how people can be attracted to the aesthetic of muscular shoulders, a slim waist and a perky ass. He allows himself to see it. Hell, his cock seems to realize it right then, too.
Thing is, he jokes and laughs with her, but he looks at Cas, meets his eyes, and toes tap his shin under the table and his mind is filled with all the stuff they have yet to do. In and out of the bedroom. He wants to have it all, with Cas. The sex, the wedding, the road trip, everything. To think that one day, he'd get that greedy about someone, it's kind of funny in and of itself.
“Mmhm,” Dean mumbles to confirm. He only sees Ash giving them a nonplussed look.
Cas shoots him a look, as if asking if he should zap them or if Dean wants to drive. Dean quirks an eyebrow, Cas rolls his eyes. Only a bit, more fond than actually annoyed. Dean grins. Well, if he keeps asking when he knows exactly what Dean is going to say, Dean is going to react exactly like Cas thinks he will. Cas finally breaks eye contact and shifts on his feet, elbow nudging against Dean's.
If you're interested in what would really happen if we detonated a huge atomic bomb (obviously, I took some artistic freedom with the planetary bomb, since Akkarea is much higher developed and all),
(See the end of the chapter for
deserves, too.”
Dean throws his hands up. How does everyone just... know?
“Your mom, actually. She suggested you'd maybe appreciate some time on your own before facing me.”
The trickle of cum, running along his inner thigh. It drips down against Cas' legs, and wondering, Cas reaches around him, follows the trail to Dean's hole, too sensitive, contracting at the touch, and he chases until Dean squirms away with a chuckle.
Huffing out a laugh, Dean steps back a bit, both hands at Jack's shoulders. “Sorry. Good to see you, kid.”
Dean bites his own bottom lip and sits up, straddling Cas' hips. Fuck the red tape.
Like the first graders they are, Jo blows a raspberry at him and Dean flips her off.
Dean doesn't get the teasing undertone. “Yeah? At least no animals dying for this food.”
Cas, of course, notices, but doesn't comment. He does, however, stick his hand down into the back pockets when Dean kisses him, just because he wants to.
“Dean,” she says, “In all honesty. As much as I like to make fun of you just because I can — If you want this to stay between us, I will keep your secret. Just say the word, no questions asked.”
No qualms whatsoever about that. No shame.
Well, there's not much that has changed over the years. Dean's fingers tremble when he runs his hand under Cas' flannel, around his middle, to the base of his spine, holding on tight. His stomach, recently having lost the weight of Cas officially meeting his parents, is in jumbles, tingling, nerves and arousal singing through his veins, his heart in his throat. He asks, and Cas gives. Cas asks, and Dean gives. Together, they sink into the seat that smells so familiar, as much like home and comfort as nothing ever could, and Cas ends up flat on his back as the kiss goes on.
Figures.
Cas doesn't look at him for the remaining time that it takes Dean to put the sauce together and let it simmer.
Dean doesn't quite want to.
“Later,” Cas confirms, his voice rough as he places a kiss under Dean's ear, doesn't step back.
Jack takes a deep breath. “They're gone, and yet... not. They're... dormant. Everywhere and nowhere. I can feel their power, in total balance, all around us. The world is at peace.”
Which is, frankly, disappointing.
As they dig in, Dean looks over the lake, into the tree top above them, then to the eyes like the skies, just as blue, across the table from him.
“Didn’t I already tell you? You guys are resourceful, reliable. You get shit done.”
“Although I appreciate the sentiment, Dean.” Cas angles a small, almost bashful smile at him.
Cas hesitates, clearly taken off guard, then ducks his head. It's soft and small and laced with affection when he replies, “I know.”
Dean does visit Bobby on Tuesday and they don't watch Jeopardy but reminisce over beers all afternoon until Dean heads over to the Roadhouse for game night. Cas accompanies him to Bobby's, mostly drinking with Ellen for shits and giggles, but skips game night afterwards in favor of hanging out at home. He needs his alone time, too.
Eventually, Pamela bids them good night and tells them to have fun on her behalf. Dean also never thought he'd see Cas blush, but his reaction is as close to a blush as Dean will probably ever see on him.
He has to adjust his half-hard dick in his pants before he looks over his shoulder and hits the gas pedal.
They notice that Naomi, when she walks them out to a room where they gather their personal belongings, seems to get some kind of begrudging respect from the Drifters. She skips out after that without wasting another word and Dean finds himself face-to-face with a guard who leaves his finger on the trigger of his plasma rifle, probably just for shits and giggles or to see how they react.
, the apple pie life they all deserved.
From his seat at the map table, Sam looks at him, his lips set in a thin line, his brows furrowed with worry. He hasn't slept for days, they both haven't, trying to find a solution to the whole Mark or Cain thing. Cas says he's fine, but Dean knows by now how to read his lies and he's not fine, far from it. He's trying to be strong for them, but he hasn't left his room since they came back from Nebraska. Dean is usually the one who goes in his room just to keep him company, to give him a hand to hold on to, because most of the times, it seems that his grace does nothing against the mark. It's dangerous, Dean knows that, but fuck if he cares, he's not abandoning Cas, not again and especially not now, not after Purgatory 2.0.
Castiel looks like he's struggling, he closes his eyes and his hands in fists, so tight his knuckles turn white, even the bones of his wings tremble with the effort.
«Yeah, well» Castiel says, meeting Dean's eyes when he joins them, «something changed»
Castiel closes his eyes again «Dean, get me out of here» he says in a broken whisper, clinging to Dean's arm.
Jack hesitates, «... No?»
he prays, hoping it'd get to the
«You ok?» he then asks, softer, looking at the angel.
Jo gives him a look, arms crossed over her chest, before asking, «Sam with you?»
«Dean...»
«I know» Cas smiles, and Dean smiles back, because he can just not to.
«I was finally able to sleep!» it whines.
Billie is dead, and now the next Reaper in line is gonna become Death. Dean saw her, a little thing named Raine who dresses like a voodoo priestess and has eyes completely white, a stark contrast to her dark skin. She's probably blind, a symbol, maybe, to how death doesn't make difference between one person and the other when it comes for them. And now Cas is dead too, went out with this big speech about how Dean changed him and how he loves him and Dean couldn't even say it back that the Empty engulfed him and
«Stay here» Dean says when they part but still close to Castiel, «don't go alone, we'll think of a plan tomorrow and we'll take him down together, me, you, Sam and Eileen»
«Did she leave?»
Cas just kisses him again.
Granted, Chuck doesn't go down without a fight, using even Eileen against them with some fucked up mental trick. What he didn't take into account, though, is that Castiel is one hell of a strategist, and knows war all too well.
«Oh,» Dean nods, hands on his hips, «having a chit chat with your creepy auntie then»
«Cas, please, I love you, come back to me» Dean pleads.
«Yeah, yeah, come on» Dean says, and walks them out of the store and to the Impala.
«What?» Sam asks confused, «How?»
«Cas, Cas, hey» he tries.
«Sam, I...» sound of tires on the gravel and the engine being turned off, «I don't think I'll come back this time»
Dean sits in front of the box, hands in his hair.
«I wouldn't say that» Rowena says, «why don't you try asking that cute witch, Max Banes?»
«I know» Castiel interrupts, echoing Dean's previous words, «It's trying to get a hold on my grace, see if I finally snap and go on a murder spree»
She waves one hand at him, «Nonsense, you can take Johnny's room»
«I thought we agreed this is not--» Castiel can't finish that sentence because Dean kisses him.
«And Cas knew it and he didn't do anything!»
Dean nods and reclutantly takes it. Let's do this.
«Yeah» Sam says, defeated.
«Where's Cas?» he asks looking around.
«Sam said Chuck is weak, and Metatron said once that he's been writing his "autobiography",» he says, complete with air quotes and Dean smiles softly, «meaning he hasn't been writing Supernatural for years, let alone the three of us, until these past weeks»
Castiel doesn't reply.
Castiel's smile only grows bigger, «Maybe»
«Gotta be more specific, buddy»
«We'll find a way, Dean» Sam says, determined, «we have to»
«Yep» someone says to his right. He turns to the voice, only to find Bobby smirking at him, trucker hat and that damn sleeveless jacket on.
«You got everything you could ever want» Ellen says then.
«We go to Hell» Dean says.
Silence again. Sam tries once more, «Cas, we're family-»
«Oh, I don't know» Rowena replies, sarcastic, «because you took it last time, maybe?»
«Or need» Jo adds.
Dean gives him a shit-eating grin, «I know»
Castiel nods, once, looking down at his booths. He can still feel Dean's soul with the little grace he has left, and it's pulsing. Hope, Castiel would say.
«I was thinking to cook tonight, we could hit the grocery store and get some ingredients» he goes on, «wanna come with me?»
Dean comes closer, mouth agape, as if he doesn't believe what he's seeing. He all but whispers a "Cas" before hugging the angel too. This one, it lasts longer.
Rowena leans on the throne, «Of course you do, darling»
«I'm sorry»
When they part, Cas asks, «What happened?»
«I... Thank you» Castiel says, smiling for the first time in days.
«Cas--» Dean starts but Castiel stops him.
?» he asks looking the angel in the eyes.
«I didn't say it back, Sam» Dean chokes out at the end, «I didn't have
«Dean» he calls.
«Cas?» Dean says as he walks closer.
They both nod and Rowena looks around, expecting him to come out at any moment.
«My time to talk» he says firm and Dean shuts his mouth, «yes, maybe Chuck ignited the spark somehow but it's all me, I swear»
, that wasn't supposed to happen, they were supposed to have more time, they were supposed to get out of the life once Chuck was gone and start over,
He shoots one hand out, grips both Sam and Dean with the force of his mind by the throat and closes his fist. Dean can feel his bones break, then Chuck moves his attention to his heart, crushing it slowly, painfully. Dean closes his eyes. He doesn't scream, doesn't want to give Chuck the satisfaction. Then, all of a sudden, a cry echoes in the warehouse, and Dean feels his legs give out. He kneels on the ground, looks over at Sam, who's gasping for air just like he is, then looks up. Chuck is laying down, dead, and right where he was, Jack is panting, holding Billie's scythe. Michael is behind them, one hand on their shoulder and one hand holding his side, his mouth is red from the blood dripping from his nose and he has an ugly slash on his neck that disappears under the hem of Adam's tshirt.
«Rowena said there wasn't a 100% chance it could work, what we did was her plan b» Sam explodes, «And you know full well Jack wasn't himself when he killed mom»
«Cas?» he says, relieved, «You made it»
Castiel chuckles, running one hand through Dean's hair as he continues, «I've dreamed to wake up next to you for so many years, you have no fucking idea»
«Finish the case» he adds, «it would be stupid for you to give it to me at this point in the investigation»
«Cas...»
«A case, everything hints at a ghoul»
Dean opens his eyes, stares into Cas's ones as he says, «I love you»
of what I am!»
He ends up drinking tea at Rhonda's house, not too far from where he parked the truck. He learns that she got married at 18 to a veteran not too old than herself and moved in the US not long after. They had two kids. She always told them about the angel who saved her back in England.
to you» he takes a step closer and Castiel takes one back on instinct, «These past three months have been hell for me, I miss you, buddy, I miss you by my side, miss your scowl every time I do some dumb shit»
«Yes»
Dean stares at Castiel, the bags under his eyes more accentuated than usual, the beads of sweat covering his forehead. It's getting worse with every passing day, no need to deny it now, and they still need to find a witch or a warlock powerful enough to perform the damn spell since Rowena is out of the question now, hell! they could even call in the angels for help, if they were actually willing to, before Cas goes all Murder House.
«Honey, talk to me»
Castiel drives until there's fuel in his truck, eventually ending up in the small city of Council Grove. It's quaint and simple, a dot on the map of the United States, if not Kansas itself, one may say. Castiel gets out of the car and breathes in the fresh autumn air, his eyes closed and face towards the sun.
Dean sits again at the edge of the bed, eyes closed and hands clasped together.
Sam stares at his brother, about to ask where to, then he moves his eyes to the empty bottles of jack on the map table, two, plus another one halfway through. It doesn't take a genius to guess what happened.
«No can do kid, that was the deal»
Castiel smiles at the brothers, his gaze stopping on Dean. «You're not alone» he says, hooking his pinky with the eldest Winchester's. He seems to understand, because his smile is brighter than his soul.
«Selfless bastard!» Dean shouts, throwing the bottle at the nearest wall. He flops on the chair next to him, hides his face in his hands, Cas's words echoing in his head.
Dean looks up, staring at Castiel with such devotion to put to shame even the  most pious of priests. «We're so stupid, aren't we?»
The supermarket Dean drives to is just thirty minutes away by car from the bunker. It's barely five in the afternoon, and the grocery store is almost empty, save for some last minute customers.
«So I guess the question is» Bobby says, «what are you gonna do now, Dean?»
Dean rolls his eyes, faking annoyance, «Not a word with anyone»
«Yeah,» Dean smiles, «Bobby said Cas helped you»
He can feel Dean's smile on his skin when he says, «Where have you been all my life?»
, Dean could live only of this for the rest of his life. Cas kisses with a purpose, like a man starving for days. Dean licks at his lower lip, asking,
Dean stares at him, sees the resolution in his eyes, in the set of his jaw. «Ok, yeah» he relents.
«We can have sex in the shower» Castiel shrugs, «save time»
«We were supposed to have more time, man, I had to say it too» he mutters.
Castiel puts one hand on her shoulder, «Rhonda, it's not necessary, we talked, he said he's sorry, but...» he shakes his head.
«Well, you
Castiel.
Rowena turns to him, bewildered, «Cas?»
Castiel raises his arm, the one with the mark. Chuck smirks at him, then looks at Sam, his smirk widening at the look on his face, as if they're sharing an important secret. Castiel blasts him out of existence.
«Okay, uh, so, what now?»
«It's good to have you back, buddy» Dean says when they part.
Castiel nods, «I'm trying to suppress the mark's will of killing»
«You have feelings for me?»
Then Cas says, «And Dean? Is he...»
They work on the incantation, transfer the spell to a sphere.
to say it back»
Dean nods, «Yeah, it's one of the good days today, isn't it? Plus, you need some fresh air, you've been cooped up in here for almost a month»
«Hey, it's alright, not your fault»
«I don't know, Thursday?» Dean answers, not looking up.
Sam is about to argue more, but Eileen touches his arm, gently. Sam nods at something she signs, defeated, and Dean starts in the direction of the dungeon again.
«No, let me finish» he says, «you said I used to trust you, thing is, I still do, I trust you with my life, with
«Hello, Dean» he greets, «Sam»
Cas's breath catches, he says, «I won't»
«I know... Cas, your eyes, they-»
The brothers look at each other before Dean replies, «He's in the bunker»
«Well» Bobby says, a smile hidden behind the neck of his bottle, «Cas helped»
Dean looks at the ugly green-brown comforter, the orange-on-red polygons on the wall, at anything but Jack when he says, «I thought it was final this time, you know? That he was dead for real»
«I made a deal with the Empty» he says, and Cas's eyes widen in alarm, «nothing self sacrificing» Sam assures, «I just swapped your place for Chuck's»
«Well well well» she grins the moment she sees them, «Sam and Dean Winchester. What troubles did you get yourselves into this time?»
«Which memory is this?»
He goes to stand up, but Castiel stops him with a hand curled around his wrist.
«Atta boy!» Dean smiles and pats Castiel on the arm, «Meet me in the garage in five»
Sam must have picked up on the tension because he offers to help Sarah with the groceries, leaving Dean and Castiel alone.
Castiel exhales, «Jack's dead. Chuck's gone. You and Sam have each other» he turns around to look at Dean one last time, «I think it's time for me to move on»
Dean hides his face in Castiel's neck, tightens the arm he has around him, «No, I very much like the real thing, actually»
«Ok, Cas, I need to say something»
Dean takes the beer Bobby gives him, he looks at everything around him, at the horizon that disappears in a blurred line over the body of water sparkling some feet away from where he's sitting. «So Jack did all that?»
She nods, «I don't really know what happened between you three, but if it was so bad that it made you come here of all places, I think you should really consider your next move»
«Well?» Sam asks watching as Dean ends the call with Max.
«Week off then, even better, we deserve it»
«Sam?» he says, not entirely believing what he's seeing.
Dean sits back down, puts one arm around Castiel's shoulders, still hunched over, «I'm not going anywhere, Cas»
«Where are you going?»
Castiel kisses Dean one last time before taking his hand and dragging him to the shower room.
An hour later, Sam joins Dean in the war room.
«That they found you» Rhonda finishes, «What does
«That's the problem, Dean,» Castiel says, frustrated, «you never mean things but you say them nonetheless»
«Hello, Dean» he says and it's like an overlapping of voices echoing in the chamber and Dean's head. The shadow behind him in enormous, taking up the whole wall and curving over the ceiling. He wasn't kidding when he said he's bigger than the Chrysler building all those years ago. And the wings. God. Dean's always wanted to see Castiel's wings in real life and not just their shadow, but these? They're skeletal, almost as if the death in the cartoons with the cape and the scythe had wings.
Castiel wants to believe him.
«What did you do?» he asks without preamble, arms crossed over his chest.
«You fuckin' idiot!» he tells him. Dean hand finds its way to Cas's tie and he yanks him forward, crashing their lips together. After the initial shock, Cas kisses him back. Dean dreamed this moment for so many years, but nothing compares to the real thing. Cas's hands move to the back of Dean's neck, caressing the short hair there, and Dean just presses Cas closer.
«Sit» he says. Dean is about to argue, but Sam doesn't let him speak. «It's one in the morning and you're drinking and smashing bottles on walls, you haven't left your room since Jack and I came back, so now you sit and talk, I'm tired of your bullshit»
«Fuck Cas, I thought I lost you for real this time»
. And now they lost Rowena and most likely Cas. He closes his eyes.
«Don't you see? I'm finally what I'm supposed to be»
Sam rounds the corner of the kitchen and they both focus on him.
Dean flops back on the bed, «Cas, the beauty of a day off is that you can sleep in»
Sam nods, «If we can't kill him or trap him»
«Oh, come on, like you haven't picked up on that»
«It's gonna be ok» Dean whispers in his hair, «everything's gonna be ok»
Dean interrupts him with a kiss, «Yeah yeah, you've loved me for years and I was too chickenshit to admit to myself that I felt something more than friendship towards you, can we go now?»
«Cas?» Dean calls and rushes to him, flames be damned, «Cas, hey»
«Dean» he calls.
Rowena's eyes widen for a second, before addressing her demons, «Leave us» when they're alone, she gets up from her throne and approaches the brothers, her red dress floating behind her, «What did you just say?» she whispers back through gritted teeth, her eyes going between the two men and landing on Dean with a meaningful look.
Dean looks down. He grins at the mention of his angel's name, heart beating in his chest. It's been a week, maybe two, since he last saw him, since Cas dropped the l-bomb and the Empty swallowed him whole. So maybe... Just maybe...
Dean sniffles, looks down at his hands, «Yeah, hunter funeral and all that, I told him I didn't want to go back this time» he looks back up at Jack, «I like what you did with the place, by the way»
They stare at each other a little too long before Castiel walks away towards the portal Michael opened. He can feel Dean's eyes on him, his longing more accentuated now that they're reunited, his soul pulsing with something Castiel doesn't want to name. Not now at least.
Castiel looks down at Dean's hand still holding his. He nods.
«Literally right there, for a decade, waiting for you to get through your thick skull that I-»
«Are you sure?» Dean asks. To be honest, this whole Mark of Cain idea isn't sitting right with him, he's been there, he knows what that means, how that
Silence. Then, «My grace is failing me, I lost Jack and had to see him being used by a demon, and Belphegor, a Prince of Hell, no less, your brother still blames me for your mother's death and no one would listen to me»
«Oh my God!» she breathes, hugging him in an instant. Charlie makes a sound between a squeal and a sob, before she hugs him too, saying over and over «You shouldn't be here»
«Isn't it?» Castiel's voices boom in Dean's head as he yanks his restraints, «I'm a fucking seraph, Dean, I'm more powerful than any angel
«No» he says, then licks his lips, not sure how to express his thoughts. He settles for, «Remember that diner we went to five years ago?»
soul look like?»
«Dean fuckin' Winchester!» she yells.
«Oh, you know» he replies sarcastic, «just passing by, to say hi»
The clang of the door echoes in the war room and Sam raises his eyes from his laptop in time to see Castiel descend the stairs.
Sam catches his breath while Dean is outside taking Jack to the car. Michael left the moment Chuck died, not before healing both Sam and Dean as much as he could after Chuck hit him, saying that flying Jack to the bunker to retrieve the scythe and back took him a lot of effort.
«You don't have to say it» Castiel reassures him, «I heard your prayer»
Dean lets out a humorless laugh, «Yeah, I've been told I can hide my feelings pretty well»
Dean is debating which meatloaf to buy between two different choices, and when he raises his head to ask Castiel, he finds him leaning on the side of the cart, eyes squeezed shut and brows furrowed in pain, gripping the metal for dear life. Meatloaf forgotten, Dean rushes to him. He touches one hand on his neck, the other on his arm, over the mark. It's pulsing.
«You know,» Castiel says, almost exasperated, «you are the most stubborn human being I ever had the chance to meet, your brother too, but you? Lord...» he tsks, «and yet, for some unknown reason, I love you too,» he says softly, «even if you piss me off»
Cas nods, once, and silence falls between them.
«How can you be so sure?»
Dean takes a step closer, and another, «So? What's that supposed to mean? I don't care if you're full power or human, I don't care if you can smite me with a look alone or not, your place is with us, with
. All crazy blue eyes and trench coat and sassy scowl.
«Hey» he says.
«Looks like you moved on pretty quickly» Dean says in the silence that follows.
Jack steps forward, «Bring Cas back»
?» Rowena exclaims, her eyebrows so high they reached her hairline, «So let me get this straight, you left Castiel, an
Dean doesn't argue, he doesn't have the strength or will to do it, so he sits back on the chair, Sam across from him, and tells him everything, Billie, the deal, Cas, the Empty.
The next day, Sam and Jack wait for the Empty to show up in the basement where it took Castiel the day before. Sam found how to summon it in the library that morning, an old book sitting at the back of the shelf, covered in dust and spiderwebs, with a golden elegant lettering that Sam roughly translated in
«Dude,» he laughs, partly to break the tension and partly because he feels so fucking happy right now, «did you just Han Solo me?»
Sam closes the door and flops on his bed. He's tired, tired of this life, of them keeping secrets from each other that eventually blow up in their faces, of them not
, he prays,
Castiel sighs, looks up at the ceiling. «I don't know, ok? I want to believe him, but every time I do, something happens and we're back on square one. Angels can see the soul of a person and when he talked to me, it was... Its light was dimmer than usual, like he was afraid or sad, but when I said that I would think about it, it shone of hope»
He tells Dean what happened, taking the blossom from the inside pocket of his coat, and saying that they should hurry because the monsters can still be after him, but Dean stops a moment.
Castiel opens his eyes just a fraction but it's enough for Dean to see that they're shining with grace and ooh, this must be bad, this must be
archangel you've ever encountered even before I had the mark, you have
«When you had it, when you asked me to kill you if it ever got worse»
Castiel has seen Dean sleep many times, but never this close, and in the soft glow of the bunker's lights he's beautiful. It's been three days since Jack brought him back, human, from the Empty with their new God powers, three days since Dean called him an idiot and told him he loved him too. Three days of sharing a bed with Dean.
Castiel gives him a look and Dean drops the act.
Dean laughs and kisses him then, and Castiel thinks, for the hundredth time, that he will never tire of this, of Dean's lips on his, to be able to kiss him whenever he feels like it. When they part, Dean says, «Morning sunshine, how long have you been up?»
«Don't» he chokes out, «please, stay... With me»
«Fine» Castiel says. He's pressing the mark with two fingers, like he's started to do whenever its blood thirst is more accentuated than usual, trying to calm it a little.
Castiel doesn't need sleep, so he spends the night thinking about what Dean said and what Rhonda said. He thinks of the last decade, how he gave up his family and home only to find one on Earth with two of the most stubborn humans he could ever meet. Of the nights spent researching in the library with Sam, movie nights with Dean, or simply nights where all three of them would enjoy each other's company. Of losses and challenges, when everything was thrown at them but they came out stronger than ever, even if frayed at the edges.
Dean squints at them, «Did you get this from
After what feels like hours, Castiel sighs and drops his hands, letting them dangle between his legs.
There's a moment of silence between them. Castiel doesn't know what to say, doesn't want to say anything because, for once, he's not the one who should apologize.
Someone clears their throat, and Dean raises his eyes to see Sam leaning on the doorframe, arms crossed over his chest. «You ok?» he asks.
«Wait, don't go» he says, softer, «I hate seeing you walk out that door, this is your home»
«I'm sorry, Cas» Sam tries.
«I love you too»
They kill Chuck in an abandoned warehouse, where the wind howls and the metal roof rattles so much that it's almost impossible to hear one another. The storm outside is raging, and Dean has the feeling that Chuck is doing it all to scare them, or distract them, he doesn't really care. Chuck's voice is booming, and his powers are overwhelming. His right eye is the color of a starless night while the other is so bright it almost blinds him with its intensity.
«We need your help» Dean says, trying not to sound desperate.
Castiel thinks to tell her everything, from saving Dean all those years ago to the dam finally breaking and him walking away. Tell her about the monsters and witches and everything in between, how he loved and lost all he could ever have imagined and more. He settles for, «I met some people, friends, or I thought they were... I've been with them for 11 years, then something bad happened, and one of them still blames me for it to the point he can't even look at me in the eye»
«Most of the times it doesn't feel like it» he hangs up.
Castiel gasps as Dean sucks on his skin, fingers digging in the meat of Dean's thigh. He says, «Claire and Kaia will come over today»
«He said he's busy with... whatever, he threw a lot of weird words around» Dean throws his phone on the table, then looks up at his brother, «seemed like a lot of excuses to me»
«No, no, he...» Dean clears his throat, and Jo's expression changes in something more serious, «He deserves better»
, alone in the bunker? And I presume he can either zap himself out of there or open the door by himself, no? What do the kids say nowadays, "one braincell in two and it doesn't even work"?» Dean rolls his eyes as she goes on, «Because, let me tell you, a human bearing the mark is enough of a problem, but an extremely powerful supernatural being, unsupervised, among all things, I... I can't even imagine what could happen»
«Well, Chuck's gone, but he'll be back»
But Castiel goes on, like he didn't hear him, his voice wavering, «And to top it all, I had to burn my son's body to the bone»
They stare at each other with fury in their eyes, ready to jump at each other's throat, but it's been a long day and Sam doesn't have the heart to argue with Dean, not now anyway. So he raises his hands and says, «You know what, whatever, you do you, I'm tired, but just so you know, I hope you didn't screw up the longest friendship we've had since Bobby and the best thing that could ever happen to us» and with that he walks back to his room.
Together.
«Rhonda?» Castiel says after some moments, finally dawning on him.
Sam shrugs, «I don't know, I don't care, I just want my best friend back»
They catch up a little. Dean listens to Charlie talk on and on about that time she met Carrie Fisher and Stan Lee, and how she cried when she saw Chadwick Boseman join only few months ago. He sees Bobby walk around the porch, making his way to Ellen to kiss her cheek, and Jo making a gagging noise in the back.
«What about you?» she asks then, «What have you been up to?»
Castiel tries not to smile but fails.
One week later, he's on his way back home.
Monsters and Leviathans are coming from everywhere, not giving Castiel the luxury of a break between one wave and the other. He hasn't had the thrill of a battle for eons, especially one this big, one that seems will never end, the blossom hidden in his coat. He falters for a moment when he hears Dean's prayer, clear as a day and it's like a breath of fresh air. It feels like seven years ago, when Dean last prayed to him, the longing much stronger than back then. He kills the last werewolf and runs before another wave attacks. He's not what he used to be, his grace diminishing the more he blasts a creature, and he can feel the fatigue that comes with a fight, but that also means that the inhabitants of this place won't be able to track him with it, and that's a relief.
Rhonda puts one hand on his arm, «Oh, Castiel» then she perks up, «why don't you stay here for a while?»
They sit in silence for a while as Dean sips his whiskey.
Dean nods, «Yeah Cas, I know you're stronger, I know you can resist it, but I also know how it is, it makes you feel invincible»
Dean inhales Cas's scent, a mix of rain and sunshine he thought he'd never smell again. He hugs Cas tighter, bringing him flush to his body, feels Cas's arms on his waist and almost cries. He hears Sam walk away, leaving them alone, and lifts his head to look at the angel. He cups Cas's face, and then slowly, oh so slowly, he leans in. Cas must have got with the programme, because he closes the space between them in an instant and kisses him, and
«Hey, kid» Dean smiles up at them, then pats the empty space next to him, «come on, sit down»
just as pretty as a princess»
«Sadly for you, boys, I don't have those powers anymore»
«How?» Dean asks, «He made a fucking deal, Sam, the Empty is not some place we can magically bring someone back from with our guns out»
Sam sits up, «You did?»
«Oh, but I know you» she smiles, «I'd recognize those eyes everywhere. Remember me? You saved my family during the war, I was barely 13 at the time, and you were so beautiful»
Dean leans in and kisses his forehead, «We'll fix it»
«He's here, somewhere, you just have to pray»
It's late at night or early in the morning, it doesn't really matter, when Dean finally emerges from his room, only to get more jack, if anything. He grabs the half empty bottle he and Sam left on the table, unscrews the cap and takes a long swing. The alcohol burns his throat as it goes down, reminding him that he's alive. He's
«Dean, my grace may be weak, but trust me when I tell you,» he puts his hand on Dean's, intertwining their fingers, «I know»
But he goes on, «I meant it when I said I needed you in that crypt, when I didn't want to leave Purgatory without you, and I'm afraid because dammit, Cas, I love you so much and I don't even know if it's all me or something Chuck wrote to sell»
«Should I get the gun?» she repeats.
Behind a pillar, Dean checks the bullets in the Colt, only two left, he looks over at his brother only to find the same hopeless look in his eyes. Sam, who finds hope even in the worst situations, is now shaking his head slightly, but his grip on the angel blade doesn't falter. Michael is down, Jack was the first one Chuck sent flying on the wall and is now lying next to the archangel. It's over.
for entrance, and Cas opens his mouth, hands balling into fists on Dean's jacket.
Now, Castiel laughs. Rhonda always knows how to cheer him up.
to be stronger»
Castiel kisses him, slow and soft, as a single tear falls from Dean's eye.
The gun cocks, but is lowered in an instant when he sees Castiel.
Before he can finish though, Dean walks through the doors, eyes on the keys of the Impala, and he says, «Sam, you ready? I want to get home before Jack wakes...» his words die in his throat as he sees Cas standing next to Sam and he rushes to him. In an instant, his hands are on Cas's face, cupping his jaw in a way Sam never saw his brother do to anyone, then Dean lunges forward, and hugs Cas, burying his face in the angel's neck. Cas's arms sneak around Dean's waist, he closes his eyes. Sam's lips lift up in a small smile, and he decides to wait for them in the car.
. Because of Cas. Because Cas sacrificed himself so they can save the world.
«Sorry»
After the initial surprise, Castiel kisses back and Dean thanks whoever is up there because finally,
Castiel turns around, «Sam said he saw Amara in Chuck's memories, I'm going to look for her, maybe she can help»
«Before you get carried away, cowboy, you know what day is it?»
Halfway to the bunker, Castiel breaks the silence, «I'm sorry for your dinner»
«No promises»
Sam sighs beside him but doesn't say anything, bless his soul, until Dean leans back on the seat and turns on the engine.
Sam steps in before it can get ugly, «It's Cas»
Castiel buries his face in Dean's flannel, curls the hand that isn't holding his wrist on Dean's tshirt.
«You are infuriating, that's what you are» it says, «what could you possibly want now?»
Dean sits Castiel in the car, feet on the gravel, as he kneels before him. Castiel's breath is ragged, like he ran a long marathon with no break, he has the heels of his hands on his eyes again.
«I just wish it'll pass» he murmurs.
Castiel squints at him. In the past week Dean started to refer to the mark's blood thirst as various famous serial killers and, in Castiel's opinion, it's kinda annoying but at the same time it gives them a resemblance of normal.
«Hey, Cas»
When Dean wakes up again, he's in a field, the sun kissing his skin and the dirt crunching under his boots. He looks around, a faint breeze blows from east, moving the leaves of the trees in a gentle rustle. There's some sort of cabin in front of him, and hills as far as the eye can see.
Dean stops the game and gives Castiel his full attention. «Zodiac?»
Dean drowns the last of his whiskey, «He left»
Dean has the time to stand up that Jo's arms close around him and she squeezes him with much force than she seems to have. When they part, she punches him on the arm, «The fuck are you doing here?»
«And is Cas...?»
«Look who's back in the land of the living» he says, flipping through channels. Castiel just groans in response, the uncuffed sleeves of his shirt leaving the mark in plain sight.
«Sorry,» he says, serious, «I didn't mean--»
Truth be told, Castiel did pick up on that, Dean's soul shines with so much love, for his family, his friends, it's impossible to look away.
Cas's smile is blinding, and all Dean can do is smile back.
Dean stirs, opens his eyes, he smiles softly, «Is this a dream?» he asks.
«It ain't, ya idjit» Bobby says and Dean almost cries. He missed the old man.
Castiel turns around and walks to the door, but Dean stops him again.
«Dean!» he says and his voice is only one: his own.
The Empty turns its head so Meg's lips are on Sam's ear, «Give me God, I'll bring your angel back, and you won't hear from me again»
Dean laughs, «Asshole»
«Sam and Eileen are coming back from the hunt today» Dean says as way to start a conversation. Castiel just hums in response. It's one of the rare days when the mark doesn't let its presence be known, when everything's back to a resemblance of normal.
They stare at each other, the silence between them stretching for what feels like an eternity, before Dean speaks, his eyes drawn to some dirt on his booths. «Look, forget it, after everything I said last time, I don't expect you to come back or forgive me»
Dean didn't leave his room since he dragged himself out of the basement, door locked behind him. Sam came to check on him, but Dean never uttered a word, until Sam got the memo and left him alone.
«Dead» Sam finishes for him, «Jack killed him with Billie's old scythe»
Jack does as they're told, then after a moment, they hug Dean. «I'm sorry it had to go this way»
When he's sure nobody followed him, Castiel leans on a tree, sliding down to sit on its roots. He takes deep breaths, Dean's prayer going over and over in his head.
life» Dean stops, pinches the bridge of his nose, «I guess I pushed you away because of these... Feelings I have, I'm not sure of them anymore, for all I know they can be Chuck's doing»
Dean stares at their hands, then Castiel, sees the love in his eyes and feels it being reflected in his.
Sam can feel the air shift, and then a black hole opens on the wall, liquid black tendrils spasming around its outlines, moving forward, until they take Meg's form. The Empty groans the moment it sees them, rolling its eyes in annoyance.
«Padmé with pre-Dark side Anakin» Dean finishes for him, running his hand through his hair.
Dean kisses her head, in her hair he says, «Neither should you»
Castiel buries his nose in Dean's hair, «I wished to be with you like this for just as long»
«You can have this» Dean breathes when they part, «you can have everything, hell Cas, I never thought I could love someone this much, but I do, you're it for me, so yeah, you can have this, for the rest of eternity if you want»
Memento mori. Remember death. God knows how many times Dean Winchester died, both he and his brother. The Winchester curse, that's what they called it the last time it happened, as a joke more than anything. Sam said, «It's like we have an unlimited subway pass but it's death» to which Dean laughed. But this time, it feels too final, too much like the end. This time, he doesn't want to come back, he's tired, he lost everyone, he just can't do it anymore. But not Sam. Sam has to go on, has to leave this life behind and live the one he deserves, the one he was supposed to have if it wasn't for Dean going back to fuck it all up so many years ago. He deserves better than this shit.
«I can, instead» Castiel presses on, «Dean, I feel like you're the only one I can't hurt, you're like-»
Two days after the trip to the supermarket, Dean is sitting on his bed, back leaning on the headboard, and Angry birds on his phone. Castiel is laying beside him, cogs moving in his head.
«Tell you what» Dean tries again, «I'm gonna make some popcorn and the we can watch your favorite movie, deal?»
Chuck is in a casino, Sam tied up in a chair next to the slot machines. Dean destroys the ball, ignoring Sam's protests and Chuck's smug face, and smoke envelops Castiel. He rolls up the sleeves of his coat, jacket and shirt just in time to see the mark appearing on his arm, and Dean stares at it scared more than ever for what it'll be in the future. He looks at his brother and the same fear is reflected on his face as he look at the mark, then Cas, then the mark again.
Days pass, and eventually they become weeks, then months. Castiel helps Rhonda in whatever chore there is, even though she says he doesn't have to. When he's not helping Rhonda, Castiel keeps an eye out for the supernatural in Council Grove and nearby little towns, especially the ghosts Chuck unleashed, and takes care of them. One day, he's not so fast at checking the news because one moment he's laughing at something Rhonda's daughter Sarah said, and the next he's approached by someone he knows all too well.
Castiel walks to the stairs, but stops at Dean's voice.
Jack lights up like a goddamn Christmas tree, «I had some help»
He doesn't finish that he hears a flap of wings, something he hasn't heard in years. He opens his eyes and finds the angel standing right there. Castiel.
«Oh, you know me, Cas» Dean winks, «I'm nothing but stupid»
«It's ok, you can go if you want» the other says, looking up nonetheless, «I have to go check on Sammy anyway, so...» it's a lame excuse as any, Dean knows that and he knows Castiel knows too, because there's Eileen with Sam, probably both asleep in his room.
» and at the last word the overlapping voices are back.
He doesn't let Sam answer, he just walks to his room, slamming the door behind him.
Castiel looks to the side, annoyed, but the grace lighting up his eyes seems to be dimming.
«Because I have to take the mark, you have to destroy this»
«Not your fault, Cas» Dean says reassuringly, drawing slow patterns with his thumb on Castiel's hand where it's laying on the bench between them, «we can always order take-out»
Before Jack can go away, Dean asks them one last thing: to go to Sam and tell him to get out and far away from this life as possible, to marry Eileen and start a family with her, it's the only thing he asks of his brother. Jack nods and walks out the door the way they came, leaving Dean alone.
The alarm is blaring in his ears, for how loud it is, the bunker's red backup lights giving the room a dangerous, borderline horror atmosphere. It reminds Dean too much of the time when he was a demon, but Sam is far more frightened by it, either because he remembers Dean's darkest days, or because he's thinking of Chuck's alternate ending of their story. Either way, Dean doesn't care because they have a much bigger fish to fry. Castiel has gone mad with power and the mark seemed to amplify his residual grace. He's trapped in the bunker's dungeon, where once was Crowley. The Archangels handcuffs and the holy oil seem to do nothing against an angel juiced up by the most ancient curse, but at least they bind him in place.
«You used to trust me,» Castiel says, «give me the benefit of the doubt, now you can barely look at me» as of spite, Dean looks up at him, «My powers are failing, I tried to talk to you, over and over,» Dean rolls his eyes, but Castiel goes on, «and you just don't wanna hear it, you don't care. I'm... dead to you. You still blame me for Mary. Well, I don't think there's anything left to say»
“Dean, long time, no see! Wait, did I just miss your toast because of Fortnight? Fuck!”
Dean can't with him, any more. Can't look at him, can't listen to this self-depreciating... whatever it is that Cas does. Always so humble and putting himself last.
“Hm,” Dean nods.
Cas nods in agreement, and they do just that.
Dean nods, empties his beer, and when they all get up, he hugs Donna again, arms firm around her, a reassuring pat to her back. “It's gonna be alright, you'll see. You're gonna be alright.”
license plate.”
“I said ‘if’,” Dean explains, points his index finger at Castiel without looking. "’sides, no worries. I don't date anyway."
Ash hands the mic over to Dean, who goes, “Gimme 'Eye of the Tiger'.” Without hesitation.
Last time: deep conversations with Sam, the gang hanging out at the Roadhouse, Cas fixing a major heaven problem with Jack.
Chuck stands a bit taller. “I'm going to close it down. All of it. Shut the gates of hell. Seal purgatory. Lock up heaven.”
“Eileen?” he shouts, his voice echoing through the ship. He realizes his mistake about half a second later and groans at his own stupidity.
The Drifter stumbles to the side, hits a wall and clutches their head.
Dean is immediately charmed by the Wild West vibe of the park, there's a main street with shops and horses everywhere. He knows he becomes starry eyed despite the corny get-up of most of the artists. Of course he gets himself a corny get-up, too, he has to. Of course it's not accurate, but none of these people have ever been to the Wild West, like Dean has. He likes this glorified, Germanized version of it, though.
Dean laughs some more. “Jeez, I've been blind. You too, for the record.”
That's when a voice interrupts them, a very familiar one, and a hand lands on Dean's shoulder with a comfortable, familiar weight. “I came to see you because of Claire,” Cas' deep, rumbling purr hits Dean's ears, and he instinctively unwinds, tension seeping from him as he leans into the touch. “Why did you run, after that?”
It's the moment he steps up to the bar that he sees her smile, more confident than shy this time. “Jo,” he nods.
Cas leans forward, into him, rests his head against Dean's shoulder, bliss on his face. “What? But you already have--”
Another deep breath.
After they get up and get dressed, Dean runs his hand through Cas' hair, tells him, “I like it when you look like you just rolled out of bed.”
Charlie has that look on her that Dean recognizes from Sam, when he doubles down on a research source that is exactly what he's looking for. “Can I ask you something?”
"Yet, here we are."
“Cool,” Ellen pats his shoulder. “Ash and Bobby don't help out much, you know. Ash doesn't like the crowd. Which is okay, of course. Bobby is, well, Bobby. And Jo and I, we like doing this, and when people get tired they will their drinks into existence, anyway, but that's not the point of a bar, is it? It's all about the experience.”
They sit at the bar with a beer each and it's a nice and easy conversation, Dean learns about her husband and three kids and he's happy for her, he is. It's a life he couldn't have ever given her.
The dirty part of his brain – very unhelpfully – provides the info that he could have sex with twins now, given enough effort to-- yeah, no. The thought is immediately dismissed because Jimmy is one of the most heterosexual dudes Dean has ever met, and that includes Sam
There's something about the way Dean's name drops from his full lips, but Dean ignores it, or tries to. There's a moment of strange silence between them, not uncomfortable, but like they are idling in sexual attraction limbo.
But she looks happy. So maybe they have resolved whatever the issue was.
Then he makes the mistake of opening his right eye.
She wears a pretty similar expression now that she meets Eileen, and since Dean has seen it before, he can only shake his head at himself.
Sam cackles after him before he realizes that Dean is his ride, not that it makes any difference in heaven. “Do you have any idea what I had to suffer through during the decade and then some, before you died? Being the perpetual third wheel?”
Dean breathes, clean sweat and sheets that smell both familiar and of a mixture of both of them and salty sea water.
“Information,” Crowley repeats, dry. “Which kind?”
His ribcage feels on fire, his heart racing at the thought. He's hard in his boxer briefs, his dick a chubby line against Cas' thigh under the covers. Dean tries to shift away but only manages some teenager-level frottage and suppresses a groan.
Is this what his reunion with Cas in heaven could've looked like?
Castiel tilts his head sideways, shrugs and waves him off. “Well, I told you that my paperwork was legit.”
And as Cas' wings announce his departure, Dean starts to drive.
“I'm real. We're real.” Cas mirrors the smile, tips his shoulder against Dean's, and for a moment, Dean can only stare.
When conversation starts to lull and one more person has left the realm of the awake – Rufus – they all decide to head home.
“And by celebrate, you mean leaving me to hustle some pool at The Cantina, while you hook up with anything that has tentacles?”
Cas breathes, and he seems quite out of his element, too. As if that was even possible, Dean is even more nervous now than he was during his own vows.
Cas meets his eyes, leans in and no, it still is not weird.
It's not that cut and dry, nothing about them ever has been, anyway. Too many obstacles along the way, one too many players on the board using them, playing them, sabotaging them.
“Getting comfy around here, huh,” Ellen teases him with a wink as he grabs another beer for himself from the fridge.
He doesn't expect his hands to be yanked away, until they grapple for purchase at Cas' thighs.
And yet, watching a movie, popcorn on his lap, Dean feels all of fourteen and on a date with the simple hope to maybe get to second base. He rests his arm on the backrest of the sofa, right above Cas' shoulders, too.
Last time: Dean bakes pie with Mary, tells John all about Cas, including the fact that he's more than a friend, and they have an almost-steamy movie night.
The gigantic hatch of the loading bay starts closing, but they are faster — barely, but they are — and then they’re out, in open space.
Dean is suspicious. “You. Had a craving? Last time that happened you turned human.”
He closes the door with a creak, steps up to the bridge railing, leans one foot onto the concrete base. Looks out over the river, towards the mountains.
Now that's truly an interesting fact to know. “Well, better get used to it, I got some work to do on the Impala, so.” He looks at Cas, squinting.
Sam pipes up, directly at Chuck, but looking at the slumped angel in Dean's arms. “What will happen to—”
Since Sam has been back, they haven't spent nearly as much time with each other as Dean expected them to. Not nearly as much as they spent together on earth.
Dean reaches for Cas' left hand and sees if the ring fits onto his ring finger. Of course it does.
“Did you have fun then?” Cas is grinning, the small version, the grin that says that this is between them and them only. Almost shy, even.
Thing is, Dean made his speech and he'd have left it at that, because everything was said and done a long time ago and there's nothing anyone of them can change about it, now. And yet, Dean feels like he needs to put his finger into that wound. “That I might be what -
He reaches down, gives his dick a few perfunctory strokes before squeezing the base, hard. Breathes in, breathes out. Mouths against Cas' flat chest which surprisingly does nothing to lessen his arousal.
The all snort or cough or start to laugh in some form, and Dean turns to Cas with a shrug, then gets them both a beer.
They lock eyes, and Dean is once again reminded just how blue Cas' eyes are. Bottles clink, and they both turn towards the setting sun when they take a sip.
To be quite honest, I was nervous about posting that last chapter. I'm really happy that you could all see the way I saw John, and thank you all so much for your feedback!
One moment, he’s shooting the shit with Sam over a quick lunch at the steering wheel, so to speak, Baby humming along the stars, and the next they are yanked back, like a bungee cord stretched too far, stopping them abruptly, then snapping to release them into the third dimension with a kick in the ass.
“Hey,” Dean takes a sip of his drink, tries to think of a comeback and comes up blank. “I dunno if that's an insult, Cas.”
Slowly, a smile spreads on Cas' lips and stays there. There's a whole new level of flutter in Dean's stomach.
At this point, Dean knows something is up.
Dean shrugs. He'll ask Cas, then. A trip down the old, the original Route 66, over to Las Vegas. It would still be intact if he wanted it to, and wouldn't that be awesome? They could go gambling. Get stupid drunk and get married in one of those chapels off the Las Vegas strip by some Elvis impersonator. The thought makes him grin, then he discards it. If he's going
“Stop!” Sam calls out, the hand that’s not on the gun held out in front of him, palm outwards.
What it'd feel like, like this.
Dean nods, slumps against Cas, captures his face in both hands and kisses him, slow, sweet, as he rocks down, hips working. As he feels Cas meeting his thrusts, inch by delicious inch, two fingertips at his prostate now, Dean is pretty sure that--
Dean dips his chin on his chest, hiding as he admits, “On our first date. Pullman City.”
Dean groans. “Yeah?”
Neither one of them pays their cocks any attention, laying plump and heavy next to each other, but they are still rubbing together with every move.
Dean grabs two beers, his favorite brand, but doesn't open them yet.
Dean pats his knee, squeezes it. Leans his other elbow on the counter and rests his chin on it. “So, what's up? That... visit you flew off to, didn't it go so well?”
He looks almost shy, admitting it. Which,
And, well, they do have time to kill until he has to be at the Roadhouse.
Dean pushes himself onto one foot, pivots on it and slides right into Castiel’s lap, right there on the pilot’s seat.
So Dean reaches out, offers his hand for Cas to take, and pulls him over to his side. Cas ends up in Dean's lap, straddling him. Their lips find each other's in an unhurried kiss, open-mouthed and easy, and Dean doesn't rush for an orgasm – they have all the time they want and need. Cas sucks Dean's bottom lip between his, teeth grazing over it before he releases it, and Dean sighs as he licks over Cas' lips in return. Huge hands and dexterous fingers trail over his chest and nipples, over his ribs, around to his back, not quite tickling, toeing that line perfectly and keeping it on the sexy side, Dean shivering with the way Cas maps out the lines of his body down to his hips.
And part of Dean doesn't even want to unzip his pants yet. To see Cas, pupils blown wide with arousal, staring at him, it gives Dean a rush of adrenaline and power and he is so down for this. He wants to enjoy it, wants to draw this out. It's not that much different from a girl accepting him to go down on her. It's really not, except the hardware is different. Cas willingly bares himself for Dean here, and Dean grins a cheeky grin before he runs his hand along his belt, to the small of his back.
Dean sighs and lets his mind drift off, drift into sweet fantasies and calming thoughts to recharge his batteries so he's well rested if Cas really does wake him up with a blowjob. And he knows Cas doesn't just say these things, and that makes Dean smile.
know, exactly, how he ended up here.
Shaking his head, Sam huffs. “There are a lot of capable people out there. Why us, specifically? You made that very clear.”
When has Cas ever trusted someone as inherently as he trusts Dean?
At first, it's only a second fingertip nudging at him to open up.
He holds his cock up, and Dean can angle his hips the way he needs them to, and, “Yeah, that's it,” Dean sighs, and with a slip and a nudge, Cas is in and Dean--
When did it even happen?
When Dean wakes up the next morning, Cas isn't in his bed.
“We still can’t be sure about dad.”
Then Dean undresses Cas, works his shirts off his shoulders, hand flattening over his stomach, running up to his chest, playing with a nipple on the way. Kissing Cas as soon as his shirt slips over his head comes natural to Dean, until Cas is arching into him with a protesting huff, because his hands are still restrained by the shirt.
And if so, why should he even bother denying anything, in that case?
Dean blinks into the sun and wishes he'd had a baseball cap. Of course, one appears on his head right away. Or a cowboy hat? Nah, the cap will do. He knows he doesn't need to check to find a Kansas City Royals emblem on it.
“What?” Dean scowls at both John as well as Mary and Sam, who have not so subtly listened in on them.
leave this unsaid.
Not that there's anything wrong with that, but, nah. I'm not,” he spits.
“Very,” Dean snickers.
“Lasagna,” Ellen looks at Jo in the kitchen, nods once. “Where's your angel?”
Dean blinks the images away. Pushes the panic down. It’s just a joke.
“So, what do we do?” Sam asks.
With a glare over his shoulder, Castiel states, “Like spending an evening unfettered by business obligations is a crime. Even here.”
He breaks their ongoing kiss to let his head drop back into the pillow, fingers still in Cas' hair, at the nape of his neck.
Thanks to everyone for leaving kudos, comments, subscriptions, it's very much appreciated! It seems the morning after was as fun as you all predicted it to be, but I promise some amazing stuff ahead. Big things going to happen! Which, I realize, I say every week, but I can't stress enough how much is yet to come. You'll love it. Anywho, here we go, enjoy! <3
“Yeah, she found something.” Sam shrugs. “And she wouldn’t tell us earlier.”
Still that amused, fond tone. “I thought as much.”
His hands are on his face, over his mouth, muffling the moan. Dean feels the tell-tale twitch in his hand, feels the head harden under his fingertips, and pumps him through it. Feels muscles tighten in his abdomen, feels Cas' back tense and his hips jerk with the intensity. As he's coming down, Dean slides off his body, lays down beside him.
They get a booth by the window and two cups of coffee.
Thing is, Dean absolutely makes sure to keep Baby stocked and ready for any possibilities, always. Especially before long drives.
Eileen nods, her eyebrows high on her forehead. “My thoughts, exactly. He would have picked up the signal eventually, sure, but to jump in so close?”
Looking at her, Dean wonders what to say.
As it is, Dean grins. He looks forward to checking the items off that list.
Dean doesn't look towards the table. Not because he's ashamed but because he knows they all must've noticed. And it doesn't matter. He made his point, to be himself around them. Fuck what anyone thinks.
Dean strokes his cock, once, twice, to the thought of Cas, wet and head tilted back under the shower spray. Then his brain gets stuck on the image of Cas having no idea what to do with him here, and it would probably be awkward and someone would hit the faucet and the water would turn cold and that's it for any sexy shower times.
Maybe he should be pissed, but he can't be bothered. It's not like he didn't enjoy it, it's not like he didn't know this was one possible outcome.
Cas eventually lures him out of bed with coffee.
“What about Bobby?” Dean perks up.
“Yeah, her loss,” Jo grins, and kisses her again.
“Look, we’ve got enough Credits on our account, alright? No need to hustle pool. Get a drink or two, enjoy yourself. Hit on whatever floats your boat. I don’t judge and I promise not to monopolize the command bridge again.”
Eileen nods. “Messed with the cable, knowing that the amounts of energy routed through there would make it fritz out sooner rather than later.”
Cas bumps his nose against Dean's. “You don't need to worry about me.”
As Cas motions for Dean to continue, Dean takes a deep breath. Band-aid, right. “Cas and I live down the road, together,” is what he ends up saying.
. Enjoy!
When he looks back at Ash, he sees him chugging his beer and seemingly feeling out of place. “Alright, you two lovebirds, I'mma head back – revenge and stuff.” He doesn't wait for an answer before returning to his room.
On the next rotation, Dean gets the mic again and insists on Eye of the Tiger, again. Jo picks REO Speedwagon because she will never stop that shit with him. With three beers and a shot of Tequila in him, Dean sings it from the heart, and right at Cas, who's sans instrument for the song, picking at the label of his beer bottle with a neutral expression.
“Oh yeah,” Dean agreed with a sigh before he drank from his bottle. “I’d have loved to get that on a t-shirt.”
He stopped on his way and sat down on the dry sand, a few yards away from the surf, and let his gaze drift out. The full moon shone brightly behind him, illuminating the waves just enough to make out the shapes. There was something calm and soothing about it, but at the same time, there was still that odd, heavy feeling in Dean’s middle, fighting with the elation at the night’s events and the contentments of his body.
to retrieve the
“I wouldn’t want this to be over in two minutes. This… is your first time with a guy?” he asked carefully, looking up and over to Dean, who was leaning above him on his side.
“Oh?” Alejandro squeezed a generous amount of the lotion onto his palms and then rubbed them together to warm it up. “Not too bad, I hope?”
“Oh, wow, I’m really sorry,” Dean said and reached for Alejandro’s hand on impulse, entwining their fingers and caressing the back of it with his thumb. Maybe giving comfort to someone else came more naturally to him than receiving it, but Dean did not want to reflect on that. He was glad, too, that Alejandro didn’t seem to want to prod into their earlier topic, either.
Despite Cas’ inhibitions, Jack, with his omniscient aura, had given him hope. Hope that Dean would at least welcome him back as a friend, would not shun him for the feelings he had revealed. When they finally did meet again, Cas could not even have imagined the immense relief that had washed over him when Dean had wrapped him in his arms. He had even shed tears of joy at their reunion.
And of course, Cas had done as Dean had asked, looking mildly exasperated and a little confused as he always did at what must have seemed like ridiculous, human antics to Cas.
In the end, he did buy the gambler crease cowboy hat but also a straw sombrero, just for laughs and as a memento.
“And maybe it’s the way dad raised us, and how you always wanted so badly to be like him in every aspect but… You’re allowed to be
“No, really, I appreciate it,” Dean said quickly, shrugging faintly, “but…”
“You’re a good boy, you know that?” he said, scratching Miracle’s belly and then giving his side two hearty pats. “Come on buddy. Let’s sit somewhere more comfortable than the cold floor. Yes, that means you can go on the bed. Just don’t complain when I accidentally kick you at night, okay?”
It was the perfect spot to take some photos, but that was not all he did. Instead, he let the sight wash over him, then closed his eyes for a moment and felt the last warmth of the day on his face.
“With the pe--”
Strange as it was, and as much as he couldn’t formulate a clear thought on it, it felt almost as if, after this entire process, he had truly earned his happiness now. And he also felt like he could appreciate it more, appreciate just how amazing it was that Cas was back and that they were together.
“Yes, he is.”
After thanking Allan again and having been given his phone number, should he need anything - which Dean was certainly not going to make use of in the night - he unpacked and then settled down on the sofa in front of the fireplace. The thing was so comfy that he thought he could just fall asleep here, and, for a little while, he actually
different now. Hell was practically out of business, and there’d be no more divinely orchestrated drama or catastrophes for some narcissistic God’s entertainment. All that was left now were a few monsters and ghosts, and Sam and Dean would always fight those and help people if they came across something, but it didn’t have to dominate their entire lives any longer.
Dean turned back to Alejandro who could not quite hide the confusion on his features, and Dean decided to shed some light on it. Be honest, open, and not try to hide.
Part of Dean wanted to tell Sam; maybe sharing it would make it a little easier to handle. But another part of him also felt… ashamed even though he had done and said nothing that should embarrass him. Least of all in front of his brother.
“Patricia. Patty,” she replied with a wide smile of someone who thoroughly enjoyed the interactions with their customers. “Coming right up, dear. ALLAN?”
Dean let out a tiny, breathy, somewhat disbelieving laugh, looking flustered. “You make that sound like I’m a teenage virgin.”
Sam laughed.
“Yeah, she drove up to last night, and she’s staying until--” Sam paused, and there was this look on his face again that almost made Dean tell him to spit it out already. “She has her final meeting with the center tomorrow, and if everything goes well, which it looks like it will, then... we’d have to sign the lease for the house on Tuesday.”
“Mmmh, God… Okay, stop,” Alejandro breathed. “If you don’t want me to come just from your hand you really need to stop. God, you’re good at this.”
“What? You’re not surprised it was a guy?” Dean asked and saw Cesar raise one eyebrow at him while Jesse just shook his head and gave him a sympathetic look.
“Come on,” Sam said and slapped Dean on the back, a little more forcefully than would have been needed as a gesture of encouragement. “Time to turn in.”
I will definitely try to update on schedule again. However, should I need a little longer for an update in future, you can check my tumblr leandra-winchester or search for the "What it means to be alive" tag there.
His phone chimed, and he opened the message.
“It’s not much. I mean her foster mom wasn’t exactly rich, and most of her inheritance is already used up,” Sam said, “Plus, I wouldn’t want her to--”
“Yeah, about that…” The small chuckle that came over his lips was less bitter than just subtly melancholic, and he looked down into his glass once more before he took another careful sip, letting the flavor spread on his tongue and slowly trickle down his throat.
, with the first dude I meet. So, just stop, okay? I’m begging you.”
Dean pursed his lips in thought, eyes going upwards to the ceiling for a moment. “Hm, for starters, how to--”
A moment later, an old gentleman emerged from the room, walking a little slowly, supported by a cane. Rather tall with white hair and vivid, pale blue eyes, he looked like someone who must have been rather handsome in his younger years and, despite his slightly impaired mobility, carried himself with dignity and self-confidence.
“Thanks, man. I’m so happy and proud, you have no idea.”
Dean rubbed his eyes, wincing as his mind struggled to wake up fully, and his eyes adjusted to the bright light inside their apartment.
“Not bad,” he said. Then, after another sip, he decided to cut to the chase. “You noticed our tattoos earlier.” And - ha! - another thought occurred to him that maybe Alejandro hadn’t exactly checked Sam out but just seen the tattoo. But that was beside the point. “If I told you it had a special meaning would you know it?”
“Relax,” Sam still laughed, “It wasn’t quite like that. He just did that whole ‘You and your-- uh’ thing that people do when they don’t know and don’t want to ask openly. So I said that you’re my brother and we’re on a final road trip together before I move in with my girlfriend, and that we’d been living and working together. That’s all.”
When he had come back as human, Cas had developed a liking for literature - not the big volumes of lore he had read for research, but purely for entertainment. From the great works of classic literature over fantasy novels like Tolkien’s to mystery and crime, Cas had devoured everything he could get his hands on. He said it gave him a better perspective on the human experience, broadened his horizon in a way TV alone never could. Dean got that. He just didn’t have the patience to read for leisure.
“I have
Dean wanted to make another self-deprecating joke - ‘Obviously not what should be up’ - but he could not muster the right kind of energy for it. He felt a different sort of shame than the one he had just remembered and, with it, angry frustration. A part of him just wanted to get away, and he followed an impulse when he sat up, skidded to the edge of the bed, and sat with his back turned towards Alejandro.
“Uh, nevermind,” he said quickly, and though Alejandro’s gaze remained quizzical, he relaxed again, lying back down next to Dean and not prodding any further.
Alejandro’s eyes were still wide; lips parted slightly. “Okay. That’s going to take a moment to sink in. I mean, I knew bits about the Apocalypse having sort of almost happened, so I guess… since Lucifer is a fallen angel…  Still, though. Blows my mind a little.”
It hadn’t taken long, however, and the two men had been all over each other again, going for a somewhat slower round on the bed, changing positions and taking their time, and Dean had enjoyed every minute of it.
Dean felt himself inwardly wince at Alejandro’s words, and something must have betrayed his thoughts on his features because Alejandro’s brow furrowed ever so slightly, his eyes shining with sympathy as he looked at Dean.
Dean had not gotten many hours of sleep last night either, and he was close to dozing off. After watching that utterly ridiculous movie together, the night had ended as Dean had hoped it would from the start: with amazing sex that included probably one of the best blowjobs he’d ever gotten. The mere memory made him smile softly as small tingles went through his stomach. He tried to focus on the sounds around him instead, though. Not that it would matter much, with nobody else around, if he popped a boner, but he wasn’t ready to take another dip in the cooling ocean. No, he just wanted to relax a bit and maybe take a nap.
Maybe talking
“I’ll take the compliment, but no I really haven’t.”
Soon, that kiss grew in intensity, and Dean felt Alejandro push against him, bringing their bodies closer together… just when a slightly higher wave caught them and made them lose their balance. Dean spluttered, accidentally having gotten seawater in his mouth, and they both laughed as they tried to regain their balance and rode the wave out swimming.
For once, life was
“It means my sister and her husband aren’t really in pest control. And neither are you and your brother, I guess?”
Dean gave a soft chuckle and tried to think of Anna, Gabriel, Balthazar, even Uriel, and whoever else they’d crossed paths with. “Yeah, they are. There’s angels, archangels, the whole deal. We even met all of them. The archangels, that is.”
“And I’d like to travel,” Sam went on, “Europe maybe. You know, Paris, Rome, Prague. Just that it’s hella expensive, so I’m not sure it’s in the picture anytime soon.”
“That’s not exactly approval,” Dean replied, still wrapping his head around the fact that Sam and Bobby had, even in passing, discussed the possibility of him and Cas being anything other than friends. Which must have been eight years ago or more.
Dean snorted at that, and after another swig, his bottle was nearly empty. “Alright, I appreciate this whole ‘I support my b--uh--” He couldn’t even say the word.
Dean shrugged softly. “I don’t even
A moment later, their lips met for a kiss, and Dean thought he could enjoy these particular benefits quite a lot.
friends, and the thought of having one now - someone who knew about hunting but wasn’t part of it - was exhilarating. And a little bit frightening.
“Still not the craziest thing we’ve come across in all these years. Wait ‘til I get to the part where our foster-son, who’s the literal spawn of Satan, Lucifer, is now God.” And maybe that had been a bit too much to reveal on the first occasion, but there was a part of Dean that just ached to talk about all these things like it was something normal, with someone who wasn’t directly involved in all of it.
“Dean, is that you?”
Dean had to snort at that, involuntarily, because, yeah, of course his brother would want to do something like that.
’ a couple of times, and one time, when they had stayed at a small town for a while, Dean had gotten his hands on a copy of the book. He’d read it twice, imagining he could simply disappear into a magical world like Fantasia. He’d felt such a strong connection to Bastian, too, and, as a kid, Dean had hoped he could have gotten the same love from his own dad as Bastian did from his in the end.
“Is this some symbolism or did you really just want cake?”
“It’s, uh, I dunno,” Dean started, not turning around for the moment, just trying to focus on the way Alejandro’s fingers gently massaged his scalp as he waited patiently. “Something your buddy Raúl was talking about last night made me think about… stuff.”
He missed him. So, so much. The longing to see him, touch him, hear his voice was so overwhelming that he found it hard to breathe. The only thing he could do to at least soothe this longing a little bit was something he had avoided in all these months. Dean opened the gallery on his phone and scrolled until he found pictures of Cas, but there were so few of them, and he could barely even look at them without feeling like something was tearing his chest apart from the inside.
comments! ^^
“Well, you know there’s demons, but…” Dean honestly didn’t know how to get ten plus years of new insanely outlandish discoveries and enemies into words, at least not if he didn’t want to keep on talking the entire night. And the next part also didn’t come over his lips easily. “There’s angels, too, and--”
“Turns out he was happiest when… goddammit, Sam. Don’t make me… I can’t say it, okay?”
“So, uh,” Sam cleared his throat a short while later, after all. “What are your plans for today? I mean… look, if you want to spend more time with Alejandro that’s totally--”
he was currently living in. He couldn’t tell himself there were things of greater importance in his life than romance, and he also couldn’t quite see himself as a complete outsider, as someone who didn’t get to live a normal life, because this was exactly what he was doing right now, wasn’t it?
With another carefully quizzical look, brows raised, Sam faced him briefly before he turned his attention to the bacon.
Another chapter, precisely on time, because my beta-reader is awesome like that. There's a video Claire sends to Dean, but for some reason it appears to be blocked in Germany and I'm too lazy to turn on my VPN now. You can find it by googling "SNL Don Cheadle bar fight". Hope it works. And there are a few other things mentioned, most of all two TV shows Claire speaks about which, in case you haven't seen them yet, you should definitely check out.
I hope you enjoy the chapter and that you, same as I did when writing this, can at least soak up the sun in your imagination a bit. Although spring is finally nearing in many parts of the world, so that's a good thing :-)
He was already half-hard in his jeans just from that one kiss, and he didn’t even try to hide it, just following instinct and the urge of his body to be closer to this man as he pushed himself against him, pinned him between the makeshift door and his own body.
Castiel stares at her, her soul pulsing reds and oranges, «You're worried»
«Sam would agree»
The Empty's eyes widen, Sam can see the hunger in there. «And what could little ol' me do with God himself?» it asks.
«Do you want it to be?»
Dean is quick to work on the cuffs, dragging Castiel to the Ma'lak box the second he's free, the wings disappeared when he regained control for that split second, making it easier to trap him in the coffin. Dean closes the lid over Castiel screaming, «How dare you! I'm going to kill you all, I'm going to make you watch while I kill your brother and his bitch, and then I'll kill you too!»
«That's what I'm trying to do!»
Dean walks further inside, «Come on, Cas» he sits on the bed, takes Castiel's hand from his arm and puts it on his lap, «how are you
Sam licks his lips before adding, almost whispering, «It's the Mark of Cain»
«Yeah, alright, you made your point, will you help us or not?» Dean says, his patience wearing thin the longer they stay there to chit chat. And Rowena is right, God knows what Cas could do, he can take the mark just fine, but what happens if it gets too overwhelming? They can't lose more time than they already have.
«I'm sorry, sir, can I help you?» someone asks to his side. When Castiel looks down, he sees a woman in her 80s.
«You fought, didn't you? You're like this only when you and Cas fight»
, now I'm not» Bobby scoffs, «That kid of yours, before they went... wherever, made some changes here, busted my ass out» Dean sits on the empty chair as Bobby explains how Jack changed Heaven in the best way it could be, taking down walls and all, making it what it's supposed to be.
«It's telling me to kill» Castiel says after a minute, «it keeps telling me to take blood, and only then it'll stop pulsing on my arm, I'm trying to resist it, I'm not human, I'm
Castiel doesn't open his eyes, nor his fists, when he speaks, «Dean, in the box,
Dean glares at him, «The fuck's that supposed to mean?»
Dean wants to kiss him.
That evening, he and Rhonda are watching some reality show she loves so much. During the commercial break, Rhonda says, casually, «That man who helped Sarah with the groceries, he said he knew you»
Rowena shrugs as she climbs the steps to the throne, «I know as much as you, Samuel, maybe what killed me, killed me as a witch, but I don't care because it gave me cooler powers»
«Dont, Sam, just... don't»
. Jack is silent beside him. Telling them when they found him in the library, flipping page after page, looking for a way to bring Cas back... Jack asked him what he was doing, and Sam almost didn't have the heart to tell them, but then he explained everything, repeating what Dean told him the night before. Jack's shoulders sagged, before they asked Sam if there was a way to bring him back, and then threw themselves on the books scattered on the table the moment Sam said that yes, maybe there is. It was Jack who found the book, when they raised their eyes a moment, seeing it over Sam's head between a red tome and a black one.
«Well, it's not me»
«For someone who claims to not watch romcoms, that was incredibly cheesy» Cas says.
