‘I need to confirm the all clear with him before I can leave John,’ he realises the degree to which his hand is still shaking when he hands It over,
You just love sex don't you? You always have. I could always tell John. Do you really think I didn't know you masterbated in the shower most mornings. Perhaps it will come as news to you that you are not a quiet man, especially when you come. You grunt and you muffle your shouts but I can still tell.
‘Your parents, did they say when they wanted to visit? There isn’t enough room for them to stay here unfortunately.’
Sherlock considers him for a few moments before swearing quietly and clicking his fingers imperiously at Greg and another police officer that John cannot for the life of him name and demands they help him get John into a cab so Sherlock could save him from any further humiliation.
‘Car will be ready in two minutes as requested, the report will arrive on my desk in one. I will be accompanying you in the car, as will David. Will you be entering the station?’
‘No, wait Mycroft,’ Mycroft stops halfway through the door and turns halfway towards John, ‘You know you’ve not let anyone down right? I mean, it’s not your responsibility to keep everyone happy.’
“Oh come on John, you never talk about him. I dunno I didn’t want you to feel like you had to because it led you into it. I swear I didn’t mean to.”
‘So there’s none of it I could help with, former soldier and doctor, long term flatmate of Sherlock Holmes. That’s got to qualify me for something.’ John finds it amusing watching Mycroft smoke, unlike Sherlock who relished every drag Mycroft seems to find them distasteful, John’s always had him pegged as being a stress smoker unlike Sherlock.
‘Yes she panics afterwards but we’ve learnt how to comfort her. Removing her from the situation is the first reaction I have but I am aware we will need to work on her ability to be in crowds as she grows older. School would be a nightmare otherwise’
‘I did, I didn’t understand as much as you did though. How do we help her, she should know not to be scared here.’
The first year Sherlock gives him a paper origami bee and besides thinking it's pretty cute John puts it in his bedside table and forgets about it.
“I think it might have been one of the raids we did at the beginning of Poppy, you know. Some of the thugs put up more of a fight when we went in to close down production. This one was holding on to one of the girls with a broken bottle. Sally took him down.”
“Yes, Sebastian Moran was the right hand of Jim Moriarty. They worked together for years building Moriarty’s web and influence around the world. Moran we know is a former SAS trained operative with a taste for sniper kills and assassinations. He is without doubt one of the most deadly men on the planet.”
‘You know this isn’t a movie’ Tammy laughs while selecting the play option on the menu, John vaguely recognises the story arc title; Black Orchid. The familiar theme music pulls him in and John allows himself the luxury of curling up on the leather sofa to indulge what had once been his guilty pleasure, a secret love of Classic Doctor who hadn’t seemed like something that would go down well at university, he’d had to beg his mum to record them every Saturday so he could marathon them when he’d gone home on weekends. They’d started the revamped version while he’d been serving in the Army and he’d been surprised to learn there was less of a stigma to the show than he’d experienced while in his teens, he suspected that may have had more to do with Billie Piper being the companion than a particular love of time travel though.
I have avoided news of London since my departure but especially in recent weeks. This close to Christmas my family tends to make the occasional appearance in London society pages. Mother did always love a party.
‘I can’t explain why I like the quotes idea, it’s just that when I read it to her certain lines strike me as being so full of wonder, I want that for her.’ John wanted more than anything to fill his daughters world full of magic and light, Tammy smiles at him lightly, he’s been surprised by her ability to relate to his feelings when it came to Mina, when he’d asked about her family she’d explained she was an only child and didn’t hold any desire for her own. She was naturally nurturing but John appreciated that not everyone wanted to be a parent. He’d not been sure himself until Mina, he still found himself having to adapt on occasion but he felt that was most likely normal.
John thought that maybe If he didn’t move Mycroft would leave he’d heard him call out upon entering the front door downstairs but had yet to answer, he’d just managed to get Mina to take a nap, she’d started having restless nights three nights ago and hadn’t stopped since, they’d been together for three weeks and apart from the two A.M. wake up calls they’d yet to run into anything insurmountable, except perhaps the state of the flat, John had realised early on, approximately twenty four hours into fatherhood, that maintaining a tidy home while being the sole parent for an eighteen month old who in reality was highly mobile was anything but easy.
Greg grinned in response before pointing out an empty bench not far from them. They could wait it out while Mrs Hudson shopped to her heart’s content. John had already handed off his shopping to one of the agents after a great deal of furrowed brows had been exchanged between himself and Francis, the new head of Mina’s detail. He couldn’t get used to their presence but had to admit not having to cart around a pushchair and Christmas shopping was a nice pay off for the weirdness factor.
“Like I said, Mr Holmes, the woman was a whore, I have a great deal of use for whores in my line of work.”
“It scared me, today, he said her name and I lost control,” Mycroft confessed quietly. John left it to Greg to comfort him, he wasn’t even certain he was supposed to have heard. He focused on Mrs. Hudson instead, refilling her glass and taking her hand. She smiled at him timidly both of them ignoring what was quickly becoming an embrace.
‘I don’t care, Sally will drive me.’ Sally comes up behind him and once the Paramedics have given him a quick check where he’s stood she’s allowed to steer him towards the police cars. They ride in silence apart from Sally’s sniffing; he can’t bring himself to speak.
‘Doctor Watson, this was found amongst my brother's possessions. The note on the inside cover suggests it was purchased for this date. May it bring you some comfort. Best M Holmes.’
Greg placed a hand lightly on her shoulder as they walked further, he’d not missed the quaver in her voice and he felt a fresh surge of guilt for how the raid had ended. It was not only his team but also their families that bore the brunt of the pain from such events. Greg’s mother had spent over an hour sobbing down the telephone begging for him to come home so she could look after him. He was on the wrong side of forty to need that level of care from his mother but he had to admit there was something comforting in knowing the offer was still there.
“I deduced.” Sherlock answers and John tilts his head in acknowledgement and before sipping his tea.
“Alright, we’re straying from the point gentlemen. Moriarty identified those Sherlock was closest too, the three of you and placed a hit on each of you.”
Greg’s voice has the ability to fill a room completely, perhaps because he’s shouting or possibly because the second he does John feels the bubble of peace he’d erected around the circle of cushions on the floor burst. Heavy footfalls sound of the wooden stairs and John thinks quickly of Mrs Hudson’s complaints that the older D.I. always sounds like a herd of elephants running up her stairs.  He’s aware that he should move but all he can think to do is make shushing noises as he watches Mina react to this latest arrival in her new world. Greg walks into the flat and freezes, John assumes this as the noise stops and he hears plastic bags being placed on the floor.
“Something’s happened,” Greg said from the front seat. He had turned around and was looking between John and the back window in quick succession.
‘You can because you must’ She looks up, there was no smile on her face but the look in her eyes makes John believe her. He doesn't know her, didn't even know her real name but for some reason he believed her. Perhaps it was blind hope or more likely even blinder panic.
Youngest daughter of an English Duke and his second wife. She is the favoured child; the jewellery she wears is exuberant for the wife of an unfaithful bank manager. Gifts from her father then.
He meant Mina, Mycroft realised. His mind flickered through the many images he had of his niece saved in its depths but the one that came screaming to the fore was the image Gregory had passed him on that first day. The image of the scared little girl who wouldn’t talk, who didn’t smile, who couldn’t handle the company of strange men without clinging to John like a life line.
‘No harm done, did you need to sneak another cigarette, this evening likely hasn’t reduced your stress any, I’m sorry.’  Mycroft barks a laugh at this, the sound is harsh in the calm and silence of the night air, John hears an undertone of aggression in Mycroft’s tone but thinks better of mentioning it.
Across from me a mother nurses her newborn child while holding what looks to be a toddler so tightly I am surprised it still breathes but she does so to keep him outside the notice of our fellow travellers. They gamble and throw insults at passengers who dare to walk by and look for the source of all this commotion.
‘Or we could go.’ Greg’s voice is soft as if he half doesn't want anyone to hear the suggestion, ‘Me and Mycroft could go to the nearest store and get the stuff you want, just make a quick list, you can always take her out tomorrow or do one of those internet orders, but for right now why don’t we go and leave you to get yourself settled. You will probably want to unpack before she gets here’ it was a reasonable suggestion, the mildly confused look Mycroft was wearing aside, John thought it made sense. He went to check the cupboards and began his list. He thought to get a combination of formula and baby food, tea was always a priority, he imagined caffeine would play a massive part in the next years of his life and he only hoped the Yorkshire Gold would continue to carry him through as well as it did in the war.
“What?” Mycroft asked.  John’s extended silence had apparently lulled him into a false sense of victory because John’s determined expression was clearly unexpected.
‘Until you can form full sentences and complete your curse words I shan’t believe you Watson, now come on’ he feels a cool stream of liquid against his lips, the shock of the icy cold against his skin is both welcome and hideous, it forces his eyes open wider, still blinded by the sun initially, and his mouth fully open.
‘Did she have one before; no one seems to know the answer to that. My friend Greg he’s one of the officers for operation Poppy or whatever it is,  he said none of the people they got out were talking. No one knew her, but look at her, someone must know her, the other children, there were others, are they ok?’
‘You ain’t seen nothing yet,’ John can only think of Tammy’s smile as manic, he follows her slowly as she darts behind yet another bookcase, he wondered if they were just used as room dividers here,
“Me usually, but I’ve never used the closet you’re currently in. Mine is through the door to the left. A simple mirror of yours but with a dark green wall, similar to the covers on the bed.”
John smiled sadly and pulled Mina closer still. She tucked her head under his chin and sighed slightly. Here in this room they were safe, his family. War was brewing and he had a hand in starting it but the world would be a better place. He couldn’t promise Mina a fairy tale but until the world was a little kinder he could tell her stories of true heroes and victories over villains.
John watches from his position by the front door as Sherlock flicks them out to ensure any excess water falls away and hangs them from their respective hooks. He watches how the man smoothes the front of his shirt and takes a deep breath before turning back to face John.
This is the final chapter and it's a long one. There will be an epilogue but it has very little in the way of plot.
“Sherlock,” John whimpers because he doesn’t have the energy to face the questions right now. An edge of the booze is wearing off and he’s starting to feel the first flushes of embarrassment at his behaviour this evening. Not to mention his cheek hurts. His cheek fucking throbs in fact. But Sherlock doesn’t answer. John feels him move closer and then stop again. He hears the man’s breathing turn into something ragged and he feels a hand stroke through the short hair at the back of his neck where the skin is exposed to the elements and small drops of dew like rain have been caught on the silvery blonde strands.
There was a time in my life where I believed I was winning that battle John. I was alone for such a very long time before you came into my life. I had my work and the individuals I was forced to interact with for it. There was also my brother, who distanced himself from me while I was in my final stint of rehab and my parents.
I am currently sitting on a terrible plastic chair in a mostly abandoned Spanish holiday village smoking a deplorable cigarette (yes John a cigarette but given the evening I have had I believe I deserve it. I promise to quit again if I ever manage to come home) and I am trying not to think about the women that man I killed tonight was holding in his rooms but it’s not proving easy. I held a gun to his head while he had his hands around one of them John, she couldn’t have been more than sixteen. I honestly believed I was about to throw up. The stench of this man John you wouldn’t have believed it.
He didn’t want to remove anything, didn’t want to disturb what had been Sherlock’s domain. He moved towards the closet finding it spacious but half full, the bottom of the cupboard full of shoes, some of which were missing partners but John thought he might find space for his three pairs somewhere. Maybe by getting rid of the ones without partners, it seemed like a good enough place to start. Choosing not to consider why Sherlock owned two pairs of stilettos, black with a red heel and dark blue, he removed those he deemed unnecessary, the slowly increasing pile fit comfortably into a black bin bag, placing his shoes in the gaps he turned to the dresser. He didn’t have many clothes that would require hanging but he would need draw space. Clearing the top draws of underwear and socks was simple enough; no consideration was really necessary for those but upon opening the second John found himself forcing down a broad smile.
The phone starts vibrating next to him, Mycroft’s name blazing on the illuminated screen, John thinks he might develop a complex if the man continues with his omnipotence,
He feels the tears pouring down his face again, he knows this dream, recognises it for what it is, he wants to look away, to walk away but he never does, his feet carry him along the same path, he’s marching towards the building now, adrenaline pouring through his veins, he can never move fast enough, the voice keeps talking, he knows the script by now, he gives his responses just as he did in reality, but he keeps moving this time, keeps moving but getting no closer to the building. But it’s a dream, he knows it is, that means he can change the outcome, he can, he just has to try, he stops moving,
“Yes, that’s Sebastian. Awful man, very rude, he once broke one of my teapots over a poor man’s head. I mean honestly it was such a waste.”
‘Let’s order the furniture first little one, get the boring stuff out of the way before we lose ourselves in a toy store. ‘His answer came in the form of a giggle but that was good enough for John. The wide aisles of the store had clearly been designed with a pushchair in mind, he quickly attracted a sales assistants eye and upon asking to be shown to certain sections was glad to find that his purchases would be delivered and assembled by their staff, he was able to handle a screwdriver but some of the pieces looked complicated enough that he would have had to call reinforcements and Mina hadn’t seemed that keen on Greg the night before.
“John, you know that’s not true, Sherlock liked to walk around declaring himself above it all but honestly John, I’d never seen him look at anyone the way he looked at you. Neither had Mycroft for what it’s worth and what that man hadn’t seen over CCTV doesn’t bear thinking about mate. He fucking orbited you. I mean you were just as bad at a crime scene but, the pair of you; it was like you were intertwined sometimes. Mycroft said once that it was like watching two fools learn to dance. You were making the same steps but you always a little out of sync.”
The Daily Express has learnt the team was headed by none other than Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade, of notoriety for his friendship with the fraudulent super sleuth Sherlock Holmes. The Detective Inspector was seen entering New Scotland Yard early Friday evening. Speculation is rife in the offices over the chance this latest slip up for the DI will mark the end of his career. Our sources tell us numerous officers, within his own team, are calling for his resignation.
They wandered aimlessly for a while longer before Mrs Hudson drifted to look at Christmas gifts and Greg started rolling his shoulders in a way John interpreted as them getting tired. Mina remained small for her age but all the same Greg had been carrying her for near enough an hour, hardly comfortable for anyone let alone a man working the hours Greg Lestrade did.
Sherlock tilts his head at John’s expression as they pull on to Baker Street and John sighs because he may be drunk but he’s no fool and he is not about to fall all over Sherlock in a cab, or in their living room for that matter, not when he has never received any indication his efforts would be welcome.
They make it home in one piece which is no small miracle considering John’s state of inebriation and Sherlock’s refusal to sit next to him in the cab. He instead chooses to sit across from John with his elbows resting on his knees as he engages John in one of their impromptu staring contests that John was starting to consider more moments of intense sexual tension where he restrains himself from pouncing on the quaffed man he cannot stop dreaming about.
“What images are those Mycroft?” The rich sound of Mycroft’s laughter filled Greg’s car. He found himself turning almost without thought onto the roads that would take him through London to Mayfair.
‘Now now Mrs Hudson, the man is doing his job you know.' If Greg realised how close that tone was to getting him cuffed round the ears John doubts he would have risked it, 'Besides John can take it, most likely be more difficult with a kid won’t it.' He's trying out his charming smile, John's seen him use it on people in interrigations before but he's underestimating Mrs Hudson's ability for righteous anger, 'You’ve just got to roll with the punches John, it’ll be worth it.’  Mrs Hudson not appreciating Greg’s candour looked to be holding back a retort as she began replacing the items on the mantelpiece; small pieces of a life John had lived with Sherlock, he couldn’t bring himself to look them over but knowing they’d been moved was equally painful. In the few weeks he’d lived here after Sherlock’s death he’d sat in this room nursing the bottles of scotch, whiskey and port they’d accumulated over experiments, lacklustre parties and the moments of Sherlock being Sherlock that had left John needing a strong drink.  He’d thrown the last of the bottles away the day Harry called and he was more drunk than she was, he’d returned to therapy instead and moved into the hovel of a bedsit he’d called home for a short time.  Ella was going to have some sort of fit when he got around to informing her about the upheaval in his life.
I believe you would tell me yes, you would sooth this ache in my morality which tells me to bring death onto another who has never harmed you is wrong. I was never a solider John. I do not have your discipline. Your drive. Your certainty in what is right and what it wrong. I am no righteous warrior.
His mind won’t slow down, neither will his legs, he’s running at the ambulance he can see their trying to load the arrested man in, he’s fighting them, he should have lost too much blood to fight that hard, he’s trying to ram his shoulders into the ambulance crew. Greg can stop him, can put him down like the scum he is. take him down like he took down Summers and Sammy. He’s pulling his gun up; he locks eyes with the man for seconds before he’s hit by a wall of flesh, he’s being spun around, thick arms restraining him. A voice he recognises is right by his ear, speaking quietly but urgently.
Mycroft didn’t answer immediately, he leant his back against the cabinets in the kitchen while John boiled the kettle and drifted cleaning up the mess from lunch, he’d started trying her with different types of soup, some she loved and others got thrown on the table while his back was turned. He’d fought hard not to laugh when he’d turned around and seen her decorated with Mrs Hudson’s carrot and parsnip soup this afternoon but she’d managed to smear a large portion of it into her hair and the look of pure butter wouldn’t melt innocence on her face made it impossible to keep the giggles down.
Mrs Hudson smiled slightly before moving back to loading the boxes into the fridge, there was noise coming from upstairs now, Mina had quietened but it seemed as if John was giving up on the premise of her taking a nap.
The entire experience had been mortally embarrassing but he’d emerged from it with a new friend and someone he actually enjoyed spending time with outside of Sherlock, when he’d started seeing Ella again she’d told him explicitly to make his social group bigger outside of Sherlock and the people they had known together. Tammy was a good edition, Mina adored her in the same way she did Mycroft, doing her fast crawl to the baby gate which led to the stairs whenever she could hear them enter the building. He’d grown a lot closer to her than he would have expected but her eccentric nature meant she always made him laugh and in turn made Mina laugh, it made his life easier to fill it with people that made them both inherently happy.
“Oh fuck off, is that what you focused on? What about the rest of it? Come on man I’m all at sea with this.”
Mycroft nodded again before moving to the drinks cabinet to fix three tumblers of ruby red liquor. Mrs. Hudson had dissolved into silent tears, her handkerchief pressed to her face muffling any noise, while Greg looked a little shell shocked. But John, John was royally pissed.
‘Give me the gun Greg, please God Greg, give me the gun, Samantha needs you, come on Sammy needs you, give me the gun.’ he loosens his grip on it, she’s right he should be with Sammy, he hired her, she made him coffee in the mornings sometimes, he remembers even Sherlock liked her, she made him laugh, she’s so young.
I suppose you would blame me for this. I blame myself John. So let us be agreed upon that. In this situation, in this hell, the blame shall lie upon me. As always.
He returned from the back with her bumble bee teething ring, upon seeing him his daughter dropped the fingers from her mouth and smiled broadly, he watched her lips move and heard the word more clearly this time,
‘They’re not sudden though, are they? It’s like I told her; this has been coming for ages. She’s cheated on me for years; neither of us has been happy.’
Mina however was fascinated by everything outside of the pushchair, she used her fingers to pull herself forwards while they were walking past parks and buildings so she could see everything they passed, she made a noise of surprise as they walked through one of the patches of pidgins London was so famous for and when they finally sat on the bus she raised her arms with such a perfectly Sherlock look of demand John had to bring her out, she stood on his knee and looked at everyone on the bus, the elderly couple in the seats right next to them made cooing noises and she responded with a small smile but it was the tattooed man with dreadlocks and large headphones that caught her eyes and kept her attention, she watched with a look of fascination as he bobbed his head to the bass heavy beats coming through his headphones, John thought he hadn’t noticed her attention until he made eye contact with John and winked, he couldn’t help the blush, flirtatious or not he wasn’t used to the attention of strangers on public transport. London was a city of underground travelling book readers, why did so many companies provide free magazines if you were supposed to make eye contact, he chose to stare instead at the side of Mina’s face and watch as she made little noises and used her little bow mouth to blow kisses to those that smiled back at her.  If getting on the bus was difficult leaving was harder, a child determined not to return to their pushchair, an elderly couple determined to get off before you and a dreadlocked tattooed man pinching your bum as you finally manage to make a break for it. Everything considered public transport was a nightmare.
‘No more morning disaster zones for us little love,’ Mina had been quiet for the shopping expedition but once in the open air and London drizzle she started a stream of noises, exclaiming and pointing at anything she considered note worthy John tried to keep up. Three stores later and the only thing left to buy were toys, this was something John knew little about; but one look in the girls section of the toy superstore in front of them was enough to make him realise it wasn’t the place for him, why did everything need to be divided by gender and then why did the girls toys all need to be covered in glitter. What did a baby need with that much glitter!
‘Only about thirty minutes initially but transport knocked you out of route back to base, you’ve been under for about’ he checks the wall clock from somewhere above Watson’s head, John moves his hand to gently probe his injury, the thick wad of bandage surrounding his head makes him feel ridiculous, the boys are going to have a riot with this one,
‘This her then?’ Mina seems aware she’s being spoken about, she looks away from John to consider the new arrival.  He’s yet to look away when she turns back to him stretching her arms out she opens and closes her fists a number of times, John isn’t sure what instinct he hears that had him leaning forwards and pulling her up but settling her on his hip feels natural and from the way she wraps her fists around handfuls of his jumper he supposes she doesn’t object.
John takes both the albums back and moves through the kitchen to place them on the bookcase in the living room, very little about 221b has changed since Mina’s arrival, more objects clutter the living room but nothing seems to have been removed, Mycroft notes the exception would appear to be Sherlock’s violin which has been returned to its case and placed on a high shelf, all the better to keep it from tiny hands.
That first year John honestly doesn't notice the date when he accepts the poorly wrapped gift from Sherlock in passing. He just pockets the thing and doesn't open it until lunchtime.
The woman’s frustration was obvious. There weren’t many that would stand up under Anthea’s personal brand of questioning but Mycroft could have anticipated Mr Mitrović being one of them. Moriarty had been much the same; except instead of answering he had chanted Sherlock’s name, he had carved it into the walls and tables. Most memorable was the occasion he’d bitten into his own arm to use his own blood as ink for the walls. The hot smell of iron was what Mycroft remembered when he had entered the room the next day.
I wonder sometimes if you would let me or would you be dominant, would you want to fuck me? Would it be hard? or soft? Would you treat me like porcelain John? I think you would want to take control, you believe it is what society expects of you and you do like the play to societies rules do you not John? You are a provider and a protector John, at least in your mind. Who looks after you though? I would like to, I did try, I do not truly know if you would let me.
‘There’s no way you’re going to be allowed to be fussy little one, your Dad was when I knew him but I still managed to get him to eat some and Mrs Hudson was even better at it most of the time. I suppose you are too young to like Indian food though so we’ll have to settle for this special formula lovely Lisa’s bought, what do you think?’
It was happy coincidence that her husband suggested a European holiday this year. Most likely because his latest mistress provided him with an ultimatum recently that he is seriously considering but he faces a dilemma. Not one of emotion, but one of security; how do you walk away from a marriage to one of the wealthiest, most influential and deadly families in the United Kingdom.
“Nah Greg, it’s alright, I don’t mind.” They’d quietened again, the pair of them looking out across the near blackness of the gardens. “You’re right. I don’t talk about him much, but it’s because I don’t know what to say.”
‘Mycroft, you don’t happen to know any good divorce lawyers do you?’ Mycroft’s answering laugh is hard; Greg feels it shaking him as the younger man embraces him once again. Running his hands through the auburn hair of the man in front of him Greg decides to stay in his little bubble a while longer, he never wants to take these feelings for granted.
He pushed the door slightly, hoping to get a clearer view of the individual whose shadow had covered one section of the glass wall, but he never got that far, the first thing to hit his senses was the smell, it was sweet but multi-tonal, john couldn’t identify each of the individual scents, there was something lemony but also something suspiciously like his Mrs Hudson’s favourite lily-of- the valley scent.  He half fell through the door, nearly ending up on his knees on the other side, he hadn’t realised he’d been leaning on it to such a degree, the second thing he noticed was the multitude of different shades of light, the walls were lined with wooden benches, each of them holding a different tone of light, softer yellows to more dim oranges and even a little blue light shone from near the back. The centre aisle was filled with more benches but these had a solid strip of light running from one end to the other and on every surface, as far as he could see were flowers. The colours and shapes of the petals varied but each of them had thick stalks growing out of the glass boxes and bowls their roots were enclosed in.  The effect was dreamlike, enchanting, it left John feeling oddly vulnerable,
‘It is worth stating before this conversation begins that I have explained the basics of Mina’s previous life to my parents, in as much detail as we have, no one in this room is under any misconceptions as to the life she must have been subject too before coming to D.I. Lestrade’s attention and then into John’s care.’
Radio silence continues. Greg can feel a small needle of panic run through him as he moves towards Franklin’s entrance; he’s breaking into a run when the radio silence ends.
‘Does John suffer from them often Mrs Hudson?’ He thinks it might have been the tone of his voice which makes her turn to him but either way she faces him with something bordering on anger in her features,
Greg and Mrs Hudson both raised their heads quickly at the sharp cry that filled the near silent conservatory when Mina took a tumble over a wet paving slab. Mrs Hudson had moved forward with slightly panicked eyes before it became obvious John had it under control. He had already swept his daughter from her feet and was applying numerous kisses to the affronted palms his daughter offered up to him. Her cries were quickly replaced with laughter as John tickled her sides lightly. There was such a difference in both John and Mina’s faces that Greg felt himself momentarily stunned.
John raised an eyebrow. He had control of the sarcastic single eyebrow raise down, thank you very much.
“They didn’t need him after Sherlock arrived but Terry maintained his cover to keep contact with this man, Sebastian. “
The reprimand was not lost of Mycroft, it was true that he had arranged the evening to prevent too much interaction occurring before dinner, his thinking being that some of topics they were likely to touch on may leave some of them with a significantly reduced appetite, Doctor Watson had developed a worrying habit of neglecting himself in this way after Sherlock’s death, he had been glad to assess Mina’s arrival had put an end to this specific version of self chastisement but he was unwilling to risk upsetting what he viewed to be a delicate position. The man had been subject to a Post traumatic episode only this morning and Mycroft had taken it upon himself to ensure this evening did not exacerbate that.
Mycroft watched his mind still floating in something akin to limbo as Mitrović spat a mouthful of blood in Anthea’s direction.
Greg got himself out of the crouching position in a way which allowed a view of the group behind them. The reporter was nowhere in sight. His phone buzzed multiple times in his pocket, making his keys produce an almost musical sound as they shook from the force of the vibrations.
“You make it sound romantic, Gregory, but this is going to get messy and it’s going to do it quickly.”
“I know Mrs. Hudson, I apologise. This might be quite distressing but I want to reassure you that you are safe and that we will be ensuring that,” Mycroft said, reaching out to take Mrs. Hudson’s hand.
“It would be prudent, Francis will explain a little about the property and provide you with keys and the alarm code.”
Mitrović spun a tale before Mycroft’s eyes detailing the meteoric rise of an academic man’s son, Mycroft thought for a moment that the man was detailing Mycroft’s own life but the details were off; his family had never lived in Ireland. Mitrović continued weaving; his words lulling Mycroft slightly until he leant, forward his elbows braced on the table.
“Because what is a criminal mastermind when faced with the two greatest minds in Britain. So why would he have killed himself?”
‘Would it have changed anything Sherlock, if I’d told you?’ his friend’s breath catches, he can hear it over the phone. Raising his eyes to where the billowing coat’s outline shows his friend, frames him as if he’s a superhero, London’s dark Prince, sworn to protect its people, that’s how he’d seen him, always the hero, the arrogant, sometimes selfish, bastard of a superhero.
‘What about therapy? Do the doctors not want to involve a psychologist? Someone who specialises in trauma,’ Mycroft chooses to interrupt her here, his mother is clearly on the verge of panic and he can see this conversation continuing all evening. The truth was Mina’s treatment is well covered, the very best doctors in the country would be providing her with every care she needed for the rest of her life; he and John have already discussed this is great detail. He offered  his parents all the details he could remember in one short speech, John nodded along with the details, details pertaining to the reputation of the doctors and facilities, but he still maintained a light hold his mother’s hands, the doctor was a very physical man Mycroft had noted, he was forever hugging both Mina and Mrs Hudson, perhaps it was a matter of training or personal preference.
He looks around and everyone is crying, his team is crying, those that are still on the scene, the majority are gone, ambulances have left, civilians have left, the criminals have left, he hears the ambulance they’ve secured the man with the knife in leave from behind him, Devin releases his hold on Greg. He feels like his knees might give out but he needs to know everyone is alright. It’s his job, they’re his team and right now they need him.
How are we all. It's all finished and written but i'm giving you this little palette cleanser before the dramatic final chapter.
“He was a very silly knight, you’re right but he thought the Prince was awfully smart so surely he would know the secret and the Knight wouldn’t have to. But the Prince was scared and the Knight didn’t know why. Then there came a Dragon and he was big and scary and the Knight was very scared. The Prince was very scared too but he hid it very well because he didn’t want the Knight to know. The Prince was very silly to, don’t you know, because the Knight could have helped him fight the Dragon but there was still their secret and it was big. The Prince knew what it was because he was very clever.
‘Oh, well I’m sorry then, make my earlier comments obsolete. I thought I saw a spark that’s all.’ Greg understands the awkwardness a little more now; at least he doesn’t have to worry about the boy losing his heart to his right hand lady.
John sharpens his eyes when he sees Sherlock’s expression change from one of panic to something predatory. Something fake and very un-Sherlock because Sherlock may have the grace and ferocity of a tiger in the field, on a case, when they’re pounding the streets of London, but here in their home where there should be no need for adrenaline or masks Sherlock has donned one and John, having realised, knows this cannot continue. Not tonight. Not when there is alcohol playing a role.
The last part of the question, or more statement, Mycroft thought was loud enough to draw notice, sure enough the music coming from the downstairs flat quietened. He had hoped to discuss the situation with John and Gregory without Mrs Hudson so he could judge exactly what her attitude to children would be, without the pressure of an audience, he supposed that option was now no longer available.
He remembered his dream, remembered the sweet weight of Sherlock across his lap, and allowed the deep seated longing he repressed normally overtake him. He stared down at his daughter nestled in her blanket and unaware of the drama haunting her tiny family. John decided it was better to lose himself in the fantasy of having a complete family, Sherlock by his side, both of them watching over Mina, than sit for the next fifteen minutes with the very real possibility that the portion he did have was under threat.
‘That must have frustrated you and Greg some, I’m sorry you know about Sherlock. I heard about the whole thing on the news obviously but I mean I could honestly never bring myself to believe that he was fake, he was brutally honest, or at least that was how he seemed.’ John was always at a loss when it came to these conversations, people searching for reassurance that the man the country had taken to their hearts was truly a hero rather than a villain, that the tabloid media had it all wrong. He’d started out by agreeing with every comment. When reporters asked what he thought about the accusations that continued after Sherlock’s death he’d been quick to jump to his defence, he was loud and aggressive in his assertion of Sherlock’s innocence and Moriarty’s deception, he’d stopped when he realised he was making the situation worse.
‘Which story did you tell her tonight then?’ She liked to start the night this way, they’d discuss Mina while the intro of whatever movie started and then fall into comfortable silence for the duration. He’d learnt early on that talking during the movies he watched with her was a sure fire way to have a plastic juice bottle thrown at your head, he missed the monologues of deduction Sherlock used to throw at programmes sometimes but for the majority he had to admit he preferred the companionable silence.
‘What are you going to do Lestrade?’ the use of his last name hits him as significant, he doesn’t know why,
You are most likely wondering why I do not remove myself from this hell hole and the answer is a simple one; across from me, at the centre of this thuggish gang, sits my next target. He was a minor part of Moriarty’s web, granted, but with his master’s downfall Kemran Abdulov has been slowly making himself irreplaceable to Sebastian Moran. He has taken over control of the Silk Road operations and runs them with an iron fist. You would not know it to look at him; slight build, overly long greasy black hair, mid twenties, three bastard children he cares little for and a wife he barely sees, but the man is becoming a mob boss in his own right.
He had found him on CCTV then, watching closely as he stalked towards Mr. Red with his gun drawn, he had been screaming for Anthea to dispatch security teams before any member of the police team in the area had noticed Gregory’s approach. He could keep him out of jail but he doubted he would be able to save his job and Gregory loved his job.
I played you music though. When your sister and her alcoholism, which reminds you so strongly of your mother and your childhood, would have brought you to tears on Christmas day. I liked to do that for you John; when you had nightmares, a terrible date, when you were frustrated with me for a case or lack of, when the clinic work you undertook was so dull you felt like throwing something, when I hadn't eaten for days and you were worried. I played for you John, I always played well for you.
They had made it to Mycroft’s with minimal drama; Mina had woken up during the first security check and hadn’t stopped crying until they’d been allowed to exit the car. Whether she had been crying because of the noise, the presence of strangers, the palpable tension in the car or being woken up from a restful sleep was unclear. She had stopped when Greg had pulled her out of her car seat but she’d been clingy ever since, a possibility Greg didn’t seem to have anticipated as he now walked the length of Mycroft’s office soothing Mina with nonsense words and a strong hand on her back. Anthea had pulled the weapon from his grip the second he had taken Mina into his arms.
In the past these were the moments he’d fill with his blog, he honestly misses the writing, reliving the thrill of his and Sherlock’s adventures seemed to extend their longevity in his mind, even skimming the documents list on his laptop he realises three quarters of those listed are his notes about certain cases or adventures. A good number of these had never made it onto the blog for one reason or another, Mycroft had interrupted on a few occasions and demanded her not publish for national security.
‘I have a sister and when I was growing up I did a great deal of childcare, it is true that I haven’t spent too much time around children socially over the past, let us say, five years but that’s more because I don’t have many friends with children, honestly my experience is limited,’ the look Greg is shooting him makes him think the decision to be completely honest was not a wise one, ‘but I will say this, I’m a quick learner, I've proven my ability to adapt by going from Student to Doctor to Army doctor, and then returning to civilian life and becoming a General Practitioner. I adapt well and I have learnt  to fulfil the roles my career has thrown at me. Raising a child is different I agree,’ he’s cut Mr Suit off there before the obvious rebuttal, remembering himself he doesn’t roll his eyes at the man , ‘but I have also spent a great deal of time caring for people who needed that extra portion of devotion. This flat is full of memories of him doing just that, but it hadn't started with Sherlock, 'My sister is an alcoholic and I’ve never stopped caring for her, we have difficulties and I’ve learnt when to walk away but if she ever needed me, truly, I’d be there and my housemate, former housemate, he was,’ he pauses trying to come up with the perfect way to describe Sherlock, ‘he was one of the most strongly independent and individual people I’ve ever met and I couldn’t have cared for him more. I devoted a good portion of my life over the last two years to making and keeping him happy, and believe me when I say that Sherlock was never an easy person to provide for, he fought you every step of the way, but I would never have given up on him. I don’t give up on people.' This he feels might be the crux of the issue for him, Mina needs someone who'll never leave her alone again, 'This child, Mina, I’m never going to give up on her and I will also never give her up. She’s going to be my daughter, I’m going to give her anything and everything she needs; emotionally and physically. She will never be without love, and given her start to life don’t you think that’s more important than my ability to make the perfect bottle.' He's managed to rile himself up slightly, the frustration he's been feeling since the social worker entered 221b articulated in words rather than fists, 'I will learn how to do that; I will learn how to draw her bath and how to make her laugh when she cries. I will learn to be everything she needs me to be.’ his rant over John can only watch as Mr Suit look tilts his head before making numerous notes on his clipboard.
‘Please’ his voice is soft, if they weren’t pressed together so tightly Greg is sure Mycroft wouldn’t hear him, but as it is he does. A hand dips into the open front of his trousers, gripping his penis through his cotton boxers, Greg moans in a combination of shock and lust; he missed Mycroft opening his trousers somewhere between the biting kisses and the dominant demands, he’d do anything in this moment to keep Mycroft pressed against him, his hand rubbing insistently through Greg’s boxers, he can’t help rocking his hips into the movement, feeling himself finally moving closer to orgasm. He wants to show Mycroft how much he wants him, how much his body is aching for his touch, has been since long before he woke up in the man’s home. He feels himself mumbling slightly into the man’s neck, telling him he’s close, just a little more and he’ll be coming. He thinks he might be begging now, a quiet litany of ‘please’, ‘Mycroft’ and ‘harder’  slipping past his lips  between breathy moans. His face is pressed into the younger mans neck, he’s surrounded by Mycroft’s scent, it’s woody, rich and intoxicating, he wants to move his head so he can capture the man’s lips but he’s utilising all of his energy to stay standing in this position.
Mycroft stood stunned while Anthea reacted on his behalf, she span her weapon and held the barrel to pistol whip the side of the head of the grinning behemoths head. Mitrović sank into unconsciousness, curled on the floor still shackled.
“Inside” Sherlock growls and slips a hand holding the golden key for the door past John and into the lock but the moment is already broken and John knows it.
‘No, She’s nice and all but you see,’ there’s a pause where Greg feels the awkwardness increase, has he insulted him, is he about to insult Sally, that could get ugly, ‘It’s just I’m gay so she’s really not my type.’
The man John recognised as being Terry, although he looked entirely different in the later picture, stood front and centre in a group of four men, each of them in suits and wearing distinct police badges.
‘It’s been in the family for generations, my father remembers his Grandfather owning it while he worked in London, he used to love visiting it in his youth, unlike his father who preferred the Manor in Yorkshire, oh and as way of warning, my mother is intending on insisting you visit the Manor at some point over Christmas, for Mina’s sake, naturally.’ John makes a small noise of acknowledgment at this and he can tell by Mycroft’s amused expression that the man has deduced his lack of verbal response correctly, he’s not certain taking Mina on such a long journey would be considered a wise idea, she thrives most in the spaces she knows well, perhaps they could reach a compromise on a Christmas visit somewhere nearer home.
I saw the picture. God John. It has been so long since I last saw you and to then see you like that, with those people, and with that woman. Your arm wrapped around her and you wearing that half smile that was always a lie.
He was curled on the floor now, his head resting against his raised knees, he could sense the other two close by but he didn't have the energy to raise his head, he felt like the worst of his grief was repeating itself, the numbness seeping back into his body through his toes first, ‘What are we going to do?’ he asked the room at large, his voice soft but certain, he bought his shaking undercontrol.He needed his strength now,
Currently in Germany listening to American tourists exalt the virtues of a real Christmas experience. Dull.
He had been to hell and back through the night, reports of a casualty and than a fatality coming out of Gregory’s raid on the Russian mobster referred to as many things but most notably to his team as Mr. Red, it was an aliases ,his real name was a common Russian name and the man had left it behind as he climbed the ranks of one of Russia’s most dangerous mobster families, he’d been in charge of a branch of Moriarty’s web, Mycroft had lost track of him somewhere in Bulgaria two months ago but his prints had alerted his team once they were scanned at New Scotland Yard. He had thought the worst, he had felt his heart break at the idea of losing another person he loved, and he did love this man, if he had not known it before, the pure relief that had nearly bought him to his knees when Anthea had called through that Gregory was not injured Would have been proof enough.
‘Please Lady Holmes call me John, Doctor Watson makes me feel as if I should be working.’ John’s smile is warm and Mycroft is glad whatever anxiety he had been carrying upon his arrival had been lost somewhere in the garden,
‘Mother you know full well Holly passed along your message and this delay is merely John and Father taking their time in returning, you know how father likes to amble, now stop your pacing and come and drink your wine. I asked for your favourite vintage to be prepared.’
‘Two officers experiencing minor injuries’ Devin starts the report from behind him, Greg moves so he can see both his Sergeants,
‘That seems to have changed for you as of late’ he’s observed it through their shared interactions and Mycroft’s open affection with Mina. He would never have guessed Mycroft would be the doting uncle he is but he supposes grief mellows everyone to a certain degree.
Greg followed his instructions turning onto a street framed by large and opulent properties that towered over his slightly beaten up Ford. He pulled to a stop behind a black SUV and waved to the man that exited the vehicle.
He doesn't find the small wrapped gift in his bedside table for four months. Not until Sherlock has returned in a blaze of glory and only when he's furious and determined to rid himself of the blasted bee, book and squares of printed cotton does he find the four beautifully crafted paper flowers placed lovingly in a carved wooden box that smells of cherry blossoms.
“Yes but Terry didn’t touch that bit, he dealt with the money. He was a launderer. Very good at what he did; a genius really.”
“We spy on most people John, and most people spy on us. Countries and governments don’t honestly trust each other.”
‘So you think he knew? About her and he left her anyway?’ the volume of John’s words shock him, by all rights he should be shouting, he’s been bundled with the responsibility of another human life and all because his best friend was apparently too selfish to be the father his brother thinks he could have been.
He needs to calm down but he doesn’t know how, he’s not had a night this bad since moving back to Baker Street; when he was living alone he had a system,  the only person to protect was himself, it made it easier, he’d sit with a kitchen knife next to his elbow and clean his gun. He’d take it apart one piece at a time, he’d clean every part before laying it out on the table in front of him, he’d put himself through drills while putting it back together, on nights when his hands shuck too much to complete them he’d find himself pressed into the corner, knife in hand while tears streamed down his face, his memories from the war shone through his nighttimes, memories of the people he’d lost, memories of the injuries he’d treated. Memories of the people he failed to save by being forced to come home; Sholto’s injuries were sustained after John’s discharge, he wondered sometimes if he could have done something if he’d been there, could have saved some of the lives of the boys in his unit that had been lost; each of their names sat on his conscious as if he’d been there to fail in person.
I hope I will be with you next Christmas and will have found the courage to tell you quite how much you have come to mean to me.
Single father; two children both remained in Serbia when he left. Russian mother, Serbian father, he works jobs in Russia but never Serbia, homes in both countries.
‘So tell me Mr Watson what experience do you have with children?’ The social worker had yet to sit down; he continued to make circuits of the living space downstairs, His clipboard and pen his constant companions held so closely to his chest that John was transported back to his second year of school when his neighbour James had lain both his arms on the desk between them chanting ‘No cheating, no cheating’, he remembers getting a better mark on that spelling test and leaving his paper in the middle of the desk to show off a little. James hadn’t spoken to him after that, the little redhead clearly not taken with the idea of John being more intelligent.
The doorbell ringing shocked them both, Mina turning to stare at him with wide eyes while they listened to Mrs Hudson bustle to the door downstairs. ‘Well little lady that will probably be for us, shall we go see?’ instead of moving to pick her up he took two steps and opened his arms, Mina considered him and then the distance between them, she took a step before faltering and ending up sat next to her bear, ‘Come on Mina you can come over here’ he knelt on the carpet with his arms stretched towards her.
“It would appear so, Mitrović seemed to be under the impression the attacks were being carried out under my orders, as revenge for Sherlock.”
‘I better get her, sorry’ Mycroft looks the most distressed John’s seen him since Sherlock’s funeral, he understands, the sound is distressing not only because they cut through you but also because you can hear her anguish in the tone of the cries, he jogs up the stairs, eager not to show too much panic to Mycroft or appear distressed in front of Mina.
Greg sat stewing in his agitation, the gun resting lightly in his grip; he’d have clearly preferred to holster it but at that moment it wasn’t an option. John sat in a panicked meditation; his head was throbbing and the tremor in his left hand had returned in full force. He closed his hand into a fist reflexively pushing it into his thigh until he was certain he would bruise and when that didn’t work he tried resting it near Mina; the tremor didn’t stop but the violence of the movement diminished somewhat. Mina shifted in her sleep, her closed fist bumping his.
‘Dr Watson if you do not have any questions I shall take my leave of you. My colleague Lisa will be bring the child here within the next hour. She has spent the time between police involvement and now in the hospital; receiving treatment as well as being tested for multiple issues. We have very little understanding of her medical history as well as the history of her family, although we are now aware of the lineage on her father’s side her mother remains a mystery. Her treatment will continue until such a time as the state considers her to be physically well enough to be left in your hands. I imagine as a doctor you will have more of an understanding as to the treatments she will receive, however there is a legal need for them to be carried out by someone not related to the patient.’
‘I did enjoy it, I did and I do miss writing, but you know I can’t do it. Even if I want to,’ the stand in silence, neither of them making eye contact, John has his vision focused on the coffee pot while Tammy faces into the kitchen. If he’s honest with himself he’d love to keep telling the stories, sharing his memories of the adventures they’d shared but he felt like it was too much of a risk. He feels he press her lips lightly to his cheek, he’s teased her before that it’s the small amount of French in her that makes her kiss peoples cheeks when she says goodbye, Mrs Hudson in particular had been thrown by the overly familiar gesture. She’d exclaimed once Tammy had left that it was very liberal of her. John had felt free to laugh at this, he’d never had friends as physically demonstrative before but he found it to be no bad thing,
Tammy retrieves her plate from the table; she took the time to inhale a spring roll before turning to John,
I feel like I should apologise in advance here, ahead lies heavy angst. Graphic descriptions of violence, shock, a little gore, more angst and generally it's pretty depressing.
Mycroft felt his cheeks heating with embarrassment as he noted his mistake. The unidentified secretary on the intercom would be getting demoted for this, Gregory Lestrade was supposed to be announced by name; as all personal calls were, not sprung on him. As such he had failed to successfully repress the emotions the Detective Inspectors voice elicited in him; a deep throbbing in his gut, the feeling of liquid lust the mere sound of the mans voice caused every time they interacted. This would never have gotten past Anthea without proper warning and prepping arriving on the his desk.
There’s a faint golden glow between a group of trees forming the back wall of the garden and John tries to ignore the little voice in the back of his head, which sounds suspiciously like Sherlock, telling him to go and investigate. Instead he checks his phone, he left Mrs Hudson with specific instructions to contact him every hour with an update, he’d spent two days explaining text messaging to her before she’d simply told him to leave her be to have a go herself.  He decides to ring, just to check in, make sure Mina had been ok with someone else doing her bath time and that she wasn’t missing him too much. She’d been slightly distressed when he’d left earlier but by some miracle she hadn’t started crying. John had a specific weakness for her tears; he refused to ignore them and tended to go overboard with attention for a few hours afterwards.
‘Forgive me John, I know you must think about it often’ John places his focus on making tea, it’s a repetitive activity which has always bought him peace, it feels inherently British to use the preparation of tea as a mask for his emotions but he’s not ready to discuss all of his feelings with Mycroft, with Greg he is more comfortable, but the lessons Sherlock taught him about not revealing weaknesses to the government official are harder to shake. The man’s been practically perfect since Mina came into John’s life, his appearances are still unannounced but he makes John’s life easier in any way he can, food and home provisions appear like clockwork, when John mentions a food Mina is taken with, raspberries are the latest, the next day John can expect to be furnished with every variety of them Mycroft, or Mycroft’s people perhaps, can think of. He’s learnt to be selective with what he mentions in the nightly phone calls he now receives, Mycroft checks in on the dot of eight thirty, time enough for John to have made a cup of tea after putting Mina to bed, they speak for twenty minutes and John reports on any and all developments before the standard conversation ending reminding him that his security team will be ready in the morning for any outings John and Mina may take.
‘Oh is that so, who have you bought?’ light flooded the entryway and the elderly woman gasped at the small group of men in her hallway. ‘John’ her hand flew to her mouth and Mycroft was certain the tears would come next, sighing he decided that none of this was going to plan but he might as well continue as if it were.
‘Then I’m dispatching team two, with your permission, to neighboring buildings’ team two consisted of five snipers, positioned to ensure his safety as well as that of his initial security team, it had taken some adapting on his part to accept the security the secret service thrust upon him, but Anthea, she kept him as far away from the arrangements as possible, he always knew he was safe however, that was her first priority.
‘Oh John’ Mrs Hudson are the only words to fill the room for several minutes after John's exclamation,
“Well, as pleasant as that sounds I think both are now out of the question, wouldn’t you agree?” Mycroft allowed both the sarcasm and venomous anger that filled him to infuse his tone. It might have been a mistake, he might have been passing the man a modicum of power, but he was aware they were surrounded on near enough all sides by heavily armed agents., That remained a comforting thought when Mitrović strained forwards once more.
“Good evening Gregory. Where are you off to so late this evening?” Greg wasn’t surprised the man was watching him; he spared a short wave for the nearest CCTV camera and heard the younger man chuckle over the car’s speaker system.
Sherlock's pacing the living room when he walks through the door. The place stinks of burnt toast and John doesn't consider the repercussions before placing the parcel on Sherlock's desk and rushing to open the windows.
He doesn’t have anyone to call, not really, his options were always limited. Ella, in all her therapist glory, used to suggest he call Harry on nights like this, he’d quickly explained why that would be unlikely, her alcohol issues made her more unstable than in their childhood but she’d never been a hundred percent with it then either, his mother, who would never understand something like this, something emotional and built out of guilt and love, she’d lacked the ability to feel those  when he’d been a child, how she would have developed them in the years since he’d escaped his shitty home town he didn’t know. Besides they wouldn’t be able to calm him, talk him through his dreams, no one ever has really, he had a girlfriend who tried after his first tour, the dreams weren’t as bad back then but he’d had them a few times while she’d stayed around. He’d shared, at her insistence, but things had been so different afterwards, he’d felt like he had revealed too much and she started to resent his attitude. He’d never met anyone who’d simply been able to calm him, except maybe Sherlock, he’d played for him when the dreams became too much, he’d managed to produce thrilling cases on the occasions when his limp came back, John sometimes wondered if he’d fabricated them just for him but of course he never had, but Sherlock was gone now and he didn’t have anyone else.
‘We’re still reading Peter Pan, I’m thinking of writing some of the passages on her bedroom walls, they look so plain at the moment.’
‘Mycroft explained but that wasn’t my reason for mentioning it, she can be quite forceful when she wants to be, Violet, I love her dearly but she’s not an easy woman. No, I wanted to mention it because I want you to understand that you can say no.’ John’s shocked, having spent near enough an hour in Siger’s company he fails to imagine a situation where he wouldn’t want Mina to know him. ‘I want you to understand that this is your choice, we will not force ourselves upon you, you are doing something rather wonderful in raising her and we wouldn’t want to interfere. She is primarily your daughter Doctor Watson and as such you have final say about those allowed to be in her company.’
‘Indeed I do Detective Inspector but first' he turns to the only woman in the room 'Mrs Hudson, in approximately two hours a good many men will be arriving to remove certain items and place them in storage, it will be up to  Doctor Watson to decide which bedroom he will now occupy, however there will need to be room made for the arrival of bedroom items appropriate for a young child.’ Mrs Hudson’s gasp as she rounded on John seemed to pull him out whatever deep thoughts he'd been lost in.
‘No need to thank me Captain,’ John cringes this time at the use of his former title, he doesn’t deserve it anymore. John pictures Mycroft reclining in a leather chair behind a large desk, it must be early in the morning, does the man never sleep, is that a Holmes family trait, god he hopes not, ‘John, your home contains a large portion of my family, protecting you is my duty,’ John snorts at him, typical of the man to put it down to duty but John understands him, they share this in common, valuing duty and honour above most other things.
Sherlock chuckles turn into murmurs which in turn change to breathy moans which intermingle in the cool night air with John’s own. Sherlock continues his ministrations, adding a thrust every time he completes a circuit of his makeshift path between John’s shoulder and jaw line.
“You best give me an address Mycroft. In case you weren’t keeping track I’m getting close to North Kensington.”
“Well, he had an Irish accent, but had been living in New York for a time so it had a little hint of that too. He was gruff and rather unpleasant, terrible manners really, worse than my Frank’s. He used to chew on tooth picks and spit them all over my floor.”
He ends up with his back to the wall, gun clenched in his hand but he knows now that it wasn’t real, none of it and he hates himself, she would have been so scared to wake up and see him holding a gun, he looks across the dark room, illuminated only by the bee nightlight, Act II of Swan Lake plays over its small speaker, he can see a reflection of his face in the mirror of the dressing table Mycroft insisted she needed, the face that looks back is pale, the rings under its eyes dark. He can see sweat streaming down his face and as he watches he sees his right eye twitch, his shoulder’s screaming at him, the injury to his leg a less severe throbbing but it still makes him feel debilitated.
You never reject me in these moments John, when I am soft and vulnerable against you, when you think you have the upper hand. I think this is my brains way of navigating your perceived heterosexuality and the heteronormativity that you seem to have decided accompanies your romantic relationships'. You do not belittle your partners John, I would never infer that, you like strong women and I believe would like strong men. But at the same time you like women who allow you to play up to the traditional/ stereotypical male role and take on the responsibilities inherent within that during these interactions, I can not imagine you allowing a woman to penetrate you sexually.
‘I’m not even thirty old man; watch yourself I could still take you.’ She moved to limply throw one of the Yoda pillows she’d bought Mina at him, John laughed.  It was easy to forget his anxiety about tomorrow when he was surrounded by the happy warmth of home, friendship and family. He was meeting Sherlock’s parents in the evening for dinner, they’d agreed that the first meeting should simply be adults, Mrs Hudson agreeing to watch Mina for the early portion of the evening, she’d had to do bed time but John imagined Mina would fight going down properly until he was home. It had been Mycroft’s opinion that they should meet without Mina so John would feel as comfortable as possible discussing and answering any of his parent’s questions regarding her emotional wellbeing, John knew he was correct but the idea of leaving Mina distressed him.
There is a British couple sitting on the train in front of me however who may just become vital to me. Married, 15 years, husband is habitually unfaithful and the wife although subconsciously aware is happier living in her version of ignorance.
They sat in silence then, Greg’s only answer to his question was a sigh followed by a mug of coffee placed in front of John that he did not want. Why couldn’t he just leave? There was no reason for him to be here. He could leave, before Mycroft arrived and they had yet another awkward encounter. John wasn’t drunk this time. He wouldn’t throw another punch, even if it hadn’t connected with him, Mycroft’s reaction, holding him up when he lost balance, pouring him into a car and having him driven home, didn’t make John any more eager to face the elder Holmes glinting eyes. They’d all let Sherlock down, every one of them, but Mycroft with all his connections, how could Mycroft not have saved him, how could he not have stopped this, John just couldn’t understand it. But he could leave; he could stand up right now and walk out of the station. This situation didn’t concern him and he wouldn’t add anything to the conversation, he had no theories, no ideas, his brain was a veritable soup of stray thoughts and images but nothing concrete, nothing to help solve this mystery.
‘Drop your weapon!’ Greg hardly recognises his own voice, he raises his gun to point between the criminals eyes, ‘I said drop your weapon!’ the man tilts his head to the side and hisses before lunging towards the three armed officers blocking the door, Greg shoots his knees out from under him, the man doesn’t stop, he aims again and this time lands a solid impact in his chest, the man falters as the officer to his right moves to disable him, he drops his knife but moves to bite the officer he know identifies as Arnav, the two other officers take him to his injured knees and secure his wrists, this is all a secondary observation from Greg’s position beside Samantha, she’s only twenty five, far too young to be bleeding out in a warehouse.
They talk about passing thoughts while Greg processes the fact he’ll apparently be sharing Mycroft’s bed while the man isn’t here. Greg remembers waking up in Mycroft’s bedroom on the estate; he remembers the rich masculine scent that permeated the very air of the room. The smell was less pronounced here but when he lay face down on the comforter, his face pressed into the slightly indented pillows he found the remnants of the same scent. He pushed down the instance of lust in favour of revelling in both the voice and scent of the man that surrounded him. It was a comfort he hadn’t fully processed he needed after the day he’d had.
‘Maybe not,’ there’s silence again, ‘why did you call me Gregory?’ he’s glad to be addressed by his first name again,
Mina doesn’t take her eyes off John and he doesn’t blink, the fear he’d never admitted to himself that he’d look into this child’s eyes and simply see Sherlock, that he’d be so muddled with his grief that he’d never be able to see her as an individual melts away as she opens her mouth. The smallest laugh comes out and John doesn't think he’s ever heard a sweeter sound.
‘The rest of us are forming the main forward team, we’re going straight through the front entrance. Remember yourselves guys, you’re in full gear for a reason, these perps will be armed, they won’t be firing warning shots so remember your training. Donovan we’ve likely got civilians in there, users and if intel is right we’re looking at some forced labour as well, you’re team is on extraction, get them out and get them out alive.’ Donovan who’s standing to his right nods her head, there’s a reason she’s in charge of extraction, she gets the job done and he trusts her to make the right decisions in the spur of the moment.
It was the laughter that did it. He realised how broad both their smiles were and how seemingly light the burden of grief seemed to be hanging over John today. Perhaps he had become more adept at hiding it, but to Greg’s eyes his friend seemed to have regained a modicum of his former nature. He was softer now, certainly, his face more worn and bearing the deep seated lines of sleep deprivation, but those aspects were no different from those he’d seen his brother-in-law display after the birth of his second child.
The bark of Greg’s laughter sounds distinctly bitter to John’s ear. ‘Not bloody likely, mate. I handed her the divorce papers yesterday evening and of course she’s playing the victim. I could honestly use a good distraction, so if you don’t mind me not being at my best, I’d happily hijack your family Saturday.’
Greg took the photo gently out of John’s grip one handed while he balanced Mina steadily. He handed it to Mycroft and pointed to the man yet to be identified.
‘Are you to ring the doorbell Doctor Watson, or should I?’ It was such a rarity to hear the woman speak that even this most simple question caught him off guard, before he had time to gather the courage he needed to reach for the doorbell, she leaned forward and pressed the pearlescent button, ‘Ready or not John, here they come.’  She cast him the same smile before sauntering through the opening doorway.
He hears the light tread on the stairs and moves to stand, it’s most likely Mrs Hudson but he’ll take no chances, his hand moves to rest on his chest so he can make the short move to the counter where he knows the knife draw is, it becomes obvious his caution was over zealous when Mrs Hudson knocks on the open door,
‘Ah, you like the Oncidium, a beautiful flower, spiced vanilla fragrance, suitable to be grown indoors without regulating their heat, they do require slightly more shade than some other members of this branch of the orchid family’, he indicates the other examples on the same table, ‘but a very attractive example of a small orchid variety.’
‘Nothing John, nothing it doesn’t matter. We should return indoors, you were correct in your first assessment it is too cold to be outside.’
The two,fully suited men, came back to the room, although Mr Jones, the social worker, seemed unwilling to follow Mycroft, he stood wavering on the threshold and John wondered if the look the man now wore on his face was in any way similar to the one John had hours earlier. He supposed his had looked less like he was being forced to smell something decaying;
He’s come to the end of his reports and it’s nearly six, revving himself up for what is sure to be an awkward conversation with the youngest member of his team he collects his coat and wallet while powering down his computer. He’ll come back for his work notes later he decides before locking up his office. Six o’clock is early to leave the office for him, he doesn’t really want to arrive home while his wife is still awake as that’ll just facilitate awkward conversations about Dylan her latest lover, Greg’s long work hours and his inability to provide everything he blindly promised her in their twenties. Yes avoiding that would be preferable.
“Numerous things, but one of the biggest was a wave of attacks members of their network are being subjected to across Russia and Eastern Europe. “
There was still no answer, there were new details about Sherlock, new details about the drugs and the company Sherlock kept but nothing about the child, not that he could see, debating whether or not to point this out John was caught off guard by Greg posing the question;
Paying for his order and leaving a tip Greg head back to his office contemplating the effect Sherlock could have had on Project poppy, in 3 months his team had taken down four drug cartels, seven brothels, one human trafficking ring and most notable in his mind saved twenty innocent men, women and children from being held by the criminals they’d apprehended, he may hold Mina’s rescue as something special to him on a personal level but professionally leading this team and this project was making him feel like a real police officer again, Sherlock he thought would have both loved and hated the experience, the plotting, planning and execution of the take downs would have been his version of heaven but revisiting his past was never something Sherlock thrived at. It had taken a year to realise that nearly every case involving a drug den, every case before John anyway, had caused a panic attack the day after, sometimes they’d still be in the middle of write up when Sherlock would melt down, rushing off to smoke on the roof and throw insults at anyone who went after him,  his trigger seemed to involve being in the houses or warehouses where the products were produced but Greg couldn’t be sure, since realising he’d only involved Sherlock in drug cases when absolutely necessary and he’d even been reluctant with those before John. The difference he thought was that after John, Sherlock wouldn’t rush to the roof, he’d rush to Baker Street, he wouldn’t tell John he knew but he’d allow the army doctor to fuss him more than usual and it had made Greg happy to see someone care for him.
‘Oh the poor dove, when will she arrive, she’ll need the proper things, food, toys, clothes, oh there’s always so much to do with children’
Enclosed is an envelope addressed to my brother. The contents I am afraid are private and to be entrusted only to my brother's care in the hope he will know how best to employ them.
John laughs in response, considering how stressed all of them seem to be with Mina it would be a miracle if meeting her calmed Mrs Holmes any. ‘Well I guess we’ll have to wait and see.’
‘You should really call me John,’ it’s all he can think to say, he can see the sentiment behind the words but he also knows he’s already made the decision. He would never keep Mina’s grandparents at a distance, she should be allowed the chance to know them and they her.
He follows his instincts as he starts treating her, apply pressure to wound, keep her talking, one of the other officers has called for an ambulance response team, he can hear the sirens now, the screech of tires, he just keeps her talking, she wasn’t alone in this room, he remembers this now, he keeps talking but looks up, he sees P.C. Flowers head on the other side of the desk, another officer is applying first aid but he’s not responsive. Sammy’s crying under him,she’s such a strong woman, the paramedics are there, they have him move aside but he stays by her head talking, he’s not sure what he’s saying but he hopes it’s comforting, she keeps whispering apologies to him, all he can do is reassure her it isn’t necessary. The second team of paramedics are by P.C. Summers attempting resuscitation, he’s still not responding.  The paramedics move Sammy, he’s not supposed to follow, he has to secure the scene, he looks around the room in a daze, he sees a cabinet by Summers body, the door has been flung open, it’s a thin cabinet but Summers should have checked it before the clear was called, how could they have missed it, he sees him being carried off now, one of the paramedics is shaking his head and Greg knows the man is dead.
“I was thinking, perhaps, if you would like, rather than a hotel you are welcome to be a guest at the house the family holds in Mayfair. You would be within walking distance of work and the property is extensive.”
Where the anxiety to be impressive came from John wasn’t certain, he supposed he wanted them to believe Mina was in the best of hands and appearing confident was part of that but, if he was honest with himself, he also just wanted them to like him. Sherlock may never have spoken about them in John’s presence but they were his parents and John was his, well he didn’t really know what he’d been to Sherlock but certainly, best friend would cover the relationship.
Short  answer: you don't. Longer: abduction, torture, poisoning followed by an expedient death once the wife's mother finds out. She's dangerous too but to a lesser degree than the brother and cousin. Father is ignorant for the most part having separated himself from the Moran family with the previous generations misadventures.
‘Oh Mina aren’t you clever little love’  Arriving in front of John she promptly sat again and resumed sucking her fingers, there was no reason such a small action should make John want to cry but it felt overwhelming, Mina shifted her gaze from John to Mrs Hudson and opened her arms. This John recognised and picking her up he turned to Mrs Hudson, balancing the baby as their landlady clasped her cheeks and kissed her forehead. If John saw some stray tears falling down her face he refused to mention it, looking into her face and eyes made him see Sherlock he imagined it did the same for her.
‘Why don’t they come up this weekend if they can, and if it suits you, we haven’t got anything planned but I said me and Mina would pop into White Rabbit to see Tammy for a little while on Friday morning.’  He’d returned to the store two days later to exchange one of the pairs of shoes he’d bought, Mina wasn’t really at a stage where mini Doc Martins were practical, he’d left with plenty of new options as well as a phone number;
I KILLED A MAN. IT WAS UNPLEASANT ALTHOUGH HE DESERVED TO DIE. I AM UNCERTAIN WHAT THIS MEANS FOR ME. I DID NOT ENJOY THE EXPERIENCE. CAN I DISSOLVE THIS NETWORK WHILE FEELING THIS WAY. I AM ATTEMPTING TO CUT OFF SAID EMOTIONAL REACTION BUT I EXPERIENCE DIFFICULTY CENTERING MY MIND WITHOUT EITHER COCAINE OR JOHN. I MISS LONDON. I EVEN MISS YOU.
‘Yeah no I’m buying you a coffee, not a work of art.’ She shoots him a look of vague disgust but doesn’t say anything, riding the elevator down he decides to meet her half way with a latte, that’s not ridiculous, misty drizzle so typical of London hits him as he makes the short journey to his favourite coffee shop, the coffee was good enough to provide more than just a caffeine hit and Greg figured he didn’t mind paying a little more to keep some nice people in the area above the constant influx of Starbucks and Costa’s, he’d never been able to understand how someone could call the swill they served coffee, there was no bite to it, he liked coffee to be dark and strong enough to cause shivers as you drank it.
Mycroft looks pleased, John thinks he might have been preparing himself for more of a battle to get John to agree to a meeting but really he can’t see the harm in them having interactions with their granddaughter. It would be cruel to keep her away from them and John knows that if he feels at any point that it’s drifted to something he isn’t comfortable with he can leave with Mina and no one can stop him. Mycroft wouldn’t dare try when it comes to Mina, the legal adoption took place within a week and legally John has full custody of her.
They're about to reach the veranda when Mr Holmes stops, John follows his example and inclines his head skyward, the stars are clearer than he’s used to, being in the centre of the UK’s capital has its drawbacks,
I also adore my beautiful beta Ruby who constantly works to keep me sane and as grammatically correct as possible considering it's me. You're my rock & superstar and seriously so much love to you.
‘Well we’re doing the Wind in the Willows for the youngsters but I had a request for our Young Adults afternoon,’ John froze on his way to the kitchen, he’d been in the process of clearing the empty plates from the living room but this caught his full attention, he turned on the heels of his feet to face the sheepish looking woman by the sofa, he started shaking her head about to remind her he’d already said no to her crazy scheme when she dropped to the floor on her knees, he panicked slightly wondering for a few seconds what the cause of her collapse was before realising she’d clasped her hands together and was using her best ‘kicked puppy’ look to guilt him into it. He shook his head harshly before turning back to the kitchen,
John laughs again, slight awkward this time, it’s disconcerting being able to hear someone and not see them, not only that but behind the bookcases the natural light from the front of the store is obscured and there’s an unnatural green glow coming from behind a curtain his left.
Greg wasn’t sure quite why he put his in-car Bluetooth on when he started the car, or why the first thing he did was ring the private number he had spent the past twenty four hours memorising. It connected on the fourth ring and Greg’s car was filled with the silky tones of Mycroft’s greeting.
‘Understood Mrs Hudson, but please do not worry, I am only concerned for John’s wellbeing, if he requires more help I would like to be able to provide it. He is disrupting his life to do something wonderful for my family; I do not want him to struggle under a pressure which most likely should not be his.’  His parents have started applying more pressure to meet their granddaughter, he understands the need but he has been holding them off for John’s sake, he had never been introduced while Sherlock was alive, the relationship between he and his mother had never recovered after the incident in Sherlock’s early twenties, they were civil but not close, Sherlock and his father however, they had always been close, his mother may be pushing to meet Mina but for his father it was all about John. In his weekly phone conversations with Sherlock John had apparently become rather a constant feature, Siger was eager to meet the man Sherlock thought of so highly. Young children had never been his speciality but once they had been old enough to communicate their father had been a constant source of adventures.
Anthea shifted her weight from one foot to the other, Mycroft cast a glance over her and noted twin reasons for her discomfort; something significant had been said but she was also uncomfortable with her own actions. A quick glance at their detainee showed the obvious injuries, but the way he was shifting his weight from his left side suggested damaged ribs -  Anthea had gone further, provoked by Mitrović’s statements no doubt.
He doesn’t mention the kids to the room at large, she’ll brief her team on route but children being present will distract the majority, it’s a call he’s made based on the past two raids they’ve done. Good coppers are facing disciplinary action over their overzealous defence of child victims in raids, he needs them on their best for this and he knows Donovan will have it covered as well. ‘We’re taking paramedics with us and we’ve got the closest hospital on standby. We make our move when the floodlights are triggered. You know the drill people, no one be stupid, no one try and be a hero, we’ve got a responsibility to everyone of us and the civilians so let's keep this as clean as possible.’ He looks around at his team, they’re all ready to go, they were ready to go before briefing, they’ve been working and casing this group for a week, Intel has been clear about what to expect but it all got speeded up when they found out about the children the perpetrators were holding in the warehouse.
“Mr. Holmes is wrapping up a call with the Russian delegation. He’ll be with you as soon as possible Dr. Watson.”
“Dada no!” It’s the attitude inherent in the tone which cracks him up every time, you can’t see it on screen but it had been accompanied by the most perfectly Sherlock pout John had dissolved into a fit of shocked giggles. Mina amused by the effect as well as the gentle bouncing being caused by John’s actions had joined in,
I have resisted the idea of pet ownership since that day. The closest I have come is Billy and as we both know he is already dead. No harm should really come to a skull.
‘He actually passed away quite recently, it’s just us now.’ Tammy freezes mid way through boxing up the cuddly Sam and Frodo set,
He had a niece, a niece with no name. That would need to be altered as soon as possible. Most likely John would need to pick it but Mycroft should have some influence he reasoned. Something proper; Elizabeth, Francesca, Monica, Belinda all strong choices, family names, his own mother’s name Violet would have to be an option. He was pulled out of his musings by the voice of the good doctor, no strong emotion was indicated but he hadn’t moved far past the doorway, enough to close it certainly but not further,
There is a good chance this will be our last communication Molly and I feel I must thank you for your help both now and in the past. Your kindness and patience has allowed me access to my work and peace through the logic of science.
“We all do Myc. John most of all but there’s something in this. Someone we can fight against. We have to keep her safe and we will but we can do more. We can bring down whatever threads Moriarty has left in London and England. Someone else is working from overseas. Well, I say let’s help them. Between the Yard and your lot we can do this.”
‘I can be there in ten minutes, keep the child in the station or wherever she is and do not let John leave without someone accompanying him.’ It must be imperative to keep John from being driven to any rash decisions or actions. The man had been made unstable by his brother's vicious end, he could hardly blame him, he had witnessed the recording after the fact, the moment he had been notified he had set of running from his office, his feet carrying him at speeds he was unaware he possessed, he was still too late, his security team held him back at the edge of the building, Anthea cradling the sides of his face, wiping the tears he wasn't aware had fallen from his cheeks, before forcing him into the back of a car. He had lost him, he had failed him, it had all been his fault. He had fallen to his knees in the back seat, his face pressed to his assistants knee as she threaded her fingers through his hair, it had just been the two of them and he had let himself fall apart, he knew he had allowed that monster to pull in his brother and now he had lost him.
“Wow, hold up, I don’t need a view into your depraved sexual fantasies thanks. I have enough of my own.”
He’d asked him later what he’d said to make the woman so angry, he’d answered that he had no clue, he’d simply pointed out that diet yoghurts would not help her lose weight and that it was more her deep seated emotional issues that formed the issue, for that he’d ended up covered in yoghurt. Mycroft seemed to think this reaction was unjust while Greg had to agree with the woman when she’d called him a dick, he’d never seen Mycroft struggle with social interaction before but when he thought back on it he’d never seen the man interact with someone other than family, colleagues or he supposed himself. He was polite with the staff of the places they visited together but never engaged in conversation, with Sherlock the conversations tended to revolve around sneers and with colleagues he was sharp and direct, only around Greg had he seen Mycroft truly drop the iceman persona, he’d see him drop it again that evening when he held Mina for the first time.
Treatment should not come into the treatment of addiction in my mother's opinion. I would be long dead John if it weren't for the treatment i received throughout my dealings with addiction. Even those that seemingly failed left a mark on me and helped when I eventually decided an error was present in my initial calculations.
The gun like sound of his head of security barging through the door did little to settle his mind. Her gun was drawn and she pirouetted to look in every corner,she clearly perceived no obvious threat she stilled, ‘Sir, are you well?’ He knew this was protocol, he may as well have screamed he was under attack, which he felt like he was to some degree, but this warfare was of the mind not the body, ‘There is no threat Anthea, at least none present in this room. I need you to organise for the car to take me to New Scotland Yard, immediately,' he started moving on autopilot, pulling at his tie until it lays in place, smoothing his hair, collecting his jacket from the back of his chair, 'but before that I need all surveillance pertaining to D.I.Lestrade over the last twenty four hours, on paper, I will review in transit, I am assuming that can be done in under two minutes.’
He moved his arm to indicate the room at large, he wondered if this was a hobby of Mycroft’s he didn't strike as being a man with much spare time but perhaps like Sherlock he didn't sleep, maybe these Orchids were his version of destroying a kitchen with experiments, if they were john had to admire the man's style, he imagined he wouldn’t have held such issue with Sherlock’s antics if the flat had forever held this combination of smells. They were intoxicating.
Do I believe that some people deserve to die? Yes, whole heatedly, do I believe it is my right to carry out their judgement and execution? That I am not sure of. I would do anything to protect you John. To protect the people I love. I would go against every fiber of my own morality to know you are safe.
Can it ever be right to kill another person? You would undoubtedly tell me yes and I will not mourn this man’s loss or the peace I have brought to the women he terrorized; kidnapped, brutalized, sold. Women were chattel to him John. But should his sins, his monstrous nature, equal a death sentence.
I am sitting in a stolen car a mile away from the place this man I must execute calls home and all I can do is hope that my actions do not change me into someone unrecognizable. I have already changed so much John. I do not believe you would recognize me even if I stood next to you in a crowded restaurant; my hair is fairer now, I have grown a beard as is the custom in many parts of the world I have been forced to inhabit and I have lost what little weight you managed to coax onto my frame with your months of pestering.
‘Well it’s gold and crown shaped’ John raises an eyebrow at her, when she becomes flustered she’s often short with John or her customers, one of the mums last week at blushingly asked for her phone number only to be met with Tammy’s built in defence mechanism. She looks mildly ashamed and John thinks the practice he’s been putting in to develop a Dad face are paying off. ‘Sorry John, I just want to finish my costume and I can’t find anything.’ Her facial expression suggests this comes as a shock to her which John finds deeply amusing,
The car pulls to a stop outside a small boutique shop not far from Baker Street, John’s walked past it so many times but he’d never paid attention to the displays before.  He looks now, the front window holds what looks to be a DNA structure formed out of Lego it’s fascinating, there seems to be slight mistakes in the production but considering the building materials it’s frankly brilliant.
‘Yes, Mrs Hudson as of a few hours ago Dr Watson has become the guardian of a new ward. She is yet to have a first name but as of today her last will be Holmes. Although perhaps Dr Watson would prefer something hyphenated.’ Receiving no reaction from the doctor he chose the continue ‘You see it would appear my brother managed to leave a legacy in the form of a young girl, her existence was unknown to us until the Detective Inspector here' he turns to indicate his silver haired companion, 'liberated her from her one time home, a drug den, where, I am led to believe, she was at the mercy of some of the lowest forms of humanity. It is imperative, as I’m sure you will understand, that she be allowed the proper chance of a fully nurturing and loving home. For that purpose, as the executor of my brothers estate, I have charged her care to Dr Watson.’ The silence of the room would be referred to as oppressive if it had not been for the murmurings of the landlady.
There was eventually Mrs. Hudson whom I have known for so many years and who holds a very specific portion of my heart. My own mother never seemed to know how to handle my ‘eccentricities’ but Mrs. Hudson embraced them and saw them as gifts rather than annoyances I had always been told they were. She made me feel adored and cared for when I had become so used to being alone.
Greg sucked in deep breaths of the crisp December air as he stood outside the closed door. He could hear something smash against a wall and imagined it was likely something she thought he would cherish or miss, a wedding picture perhaps; but all it proved for Greg was that walking out when he had, ending this when he had, not being drawn into another unending fight, had been the smartest decision he had made in potentially years.
‘Well Mina, now that we have embarrassed your Uncle Mycroft and Greg thoroughly should we unpack all these provisions. We could try out a snack from the approved list our friend Lisa has bought.’ He grins at the social worker and accepts the folder she holds out to him, her own smile in place she grabs three of the bags from the floor and follows him once he scoops up the forth. Leaving his friends to their blushes seems like the best idea at present.
Sherlock calls him a tease and John chuckles in response when Sherlock starts pressing the plastic buttons through their corresponding eyes on his checked shirt. He feels a flare of anxiety when Sherlock uncovers his scar and closes his eyes when the man leans forward to kiss it.
‘What I am saying John is that she's his, if you'll look at the DNA report you'll see. It's all there, in black, white and those weird lined diagrams,' Greg pulls out the computer print out. He had ensured the technician checked the result multiple times, it had felt as if he was very quickly descending into madness when he had initially been handed the folder, he had thought perhaps sleep deprivation was finally catching up to him after the months of insomnia he had been experiencing, 'it matches the DNA we have on file for him. I’m telling you I bloody checked mate, half this little girl's DNA comes from Sherlock Holmes. It might be hard to believe, I know I've been struggling with it but once you really look at the evidence I think you can easily see the truth of it.’ He knew he sounded desperate, so desperate that he was falling over his words, because he knew, just knew that John would not believe him. He wondered if the reason was simply he could not believe Sherlock would not have told him he had a daughter. Greg did not allow himself to focus on John's doubt, he was certain John didn't believe him, couldn't bring himself to believe the truth Greg was telling him. It did not seem to matter how many time John repeated the same action, checking between the report, the case file and the one photograph Greg had of the little girl.
‘Easy, easy, we need to get that breathing under control,’ the liquid returns but this time presented  in a tin beaker rather than a single stream of liquid, the lip of the receptacle balances on his chapped bottom lip as it tips slightly, the fresh taste of water clearing his throat slightly of its sand paper feel, he tries his best not to suck it all down in one, he knows from his training it should be small sips initially, he looks around the tent to try and get his bearings, the material is a thick canvas, the light entering through the flaps in the ceiling serving as skylights,  he finally turns to his right, the smiling eyes of his superior officer welcoming him back to consciousness,
‘It’s alright so far, Mycroft’s home is lovely, as you’d expect really, ostentatious definitely. I’m just walking in the gardens right now and I swear Mrs Hudson you’ve never seen such well maintained flower beds,’
‘You know he’s a very attractive man Mycroft’ he represses a blush while inclining his head to her, he would not take the liberty of confirming her impression although he does make a mental note to be more careful with which emotions he allows to play across his face. He’s become worse at maintaining the facade in recent months and if he fails to correct the defect it will undoubtedly have a negative impact on his work.
‘Say it again Gregory,’ the pressure of his bites intensify and Greg moans, he can’t control his breathing, his breaths leaving him in steady pants as he holds his hands steady by his head. They rut together against the wall, he’s not done this since he was a teenager and he doesn’t remember it being this intense then. Mycroft’s hands are light on their path across his body, carefully avoiding any area likely to send him off, he coasts down his ribs, across his hips, down his spine, it’s a steady progression of movements which Greg feels are setting his skin on fire, he’s hot, the layers of their clothes keeping their body heat trapped, ‘Say it again’ Mycroft nips his jaw, hard,
Danny’s opening his mouth to speak when Greg simply states, ‘You shouldn’t date Donovan you know, I mean it’s not that there’s anything wrong with her. She’s lovely and maybe that’s why you like her, but believe me getting involved with someone you work with so closely won’t be good, the MET doesn’t like it for one thing and while I’m a bit more lenient than some of the other D.I.’s I really don’t think it’s a good idea.’
If Mycroft Holmes could have painted one thing on the walls of the British Parliament it would have been; 'You will be judged by what you succeed at gentlemen, not by what you attempt', not because he was in anyway against grand gestures or significant social movements, in fact the brilliant man who had once said those words had brought about significant change for their country. It had made them one of the leading providers of welfare on the planet. However no politician was without flaws and no government was without faults; this time however he had found himself walking the thin line between careful acceptance and manipulation and the ever present chance he would snap and verbally abuse their so called political leaders. In fact he believed the political framework of this country had become so rotten he had found himself being forced to consider a coup d'état at least three times this morning. In his last scheduled meeting of the day he had been forced to retreat into his mind, focusing his intellect on the developing crisis in the Sudan before his assistant, known globally as Anthea, had saved his mind from the inane drudgery, handing him a note about a halestorm of nonsense developing in the China's British Embassy, he would normally have passed it off to one of his team but the idea of escaping the Prime Minister's company a half hour early filled him with a carefully controlled glee. He was now seated, nursing an espresso cup, tie loosened, on tenterhooks for the verbal beating he would be justified in giving The United Kingdom's Ambassador in China, the man was a weasel and Mycroft had been plagued by boredom for weeks.
Just the memory was enough to set Mycroft on edge. Sherlock had worn a mask for the world to see and he’d done it well. He’d only seen it slip a handful of times and it saddened him that he did not truly know the man his brother had become. There had been too much history between them at the end, but John, John had known Sherlock, his friendship making his brother a better man and so when the question really came down to who Sherlock would have wanted caring for his child, the answer was obvious, it would never have been Mycroft, it would only ever have been John Watson. How this child had come to be, he may never know, he did intend to search for the mother but he was uncertain as to where to start and the child was young enough that communication would be difficult. It did not truly matter though where she had come from, she was a Holmes by blood and he had come to realise, over the time he had been in John and Sherlock’s company, that if there was one thing a Holmes would need to be happy it was a Watson.
‘It would never be my intention to speak ill of an acquaintances marriage but I do not believe Mr Lestrade is very happy currently no,’ the look of the Landlady’s face is entirely to knowing and Mycroft wonders when he started allowing sentiment to play on his face so clearly.
“So, John, do you not think she’s been through enough? Do you not think that being hounded by the press for however long it lasts is going to have an effect on her, not to mention the somewhat bigger targets you will be painting on yourselves?”
They stood there, staring at each other. It reminded him of the Army, of visiting commanders trying to muscle in on a squad and meeting resistance. He was the captain of their squad but Mycroft had the answers, he knew the meaning behind the orders and it was driving John mad.
Everyone seems to have been touched by this retelling, Sherlock's mother reminded him so strongly of Sherlock that he had an urge to meet her he'd never have imagined before, as for the caring older woman, who swept in to provide love and devotion, he knew someone else like that, ‘Then it’s settled, I have a name for the latest Miss Holmes, Mina Louise Holmes.  One name for Holmes family tradition and one to represent the woman who blessed both me and Sherlock with love and sanctuary during our time together.’ John turned to the woman next to him; she’d been more of a mother to him over the past year  and a half than his own had been for the last ten. She’d meant the world to Sherlock and it was only right to honor her this way. The smile came easily to him even as he watched her dissolve into tears. From the looks the other occupants of the room were wearing he had made the right choice.
He feels Mycroft press his lips to his cheek before moving off slightly, his lungs still fighting for oxygen as he comes down from what, had no right to be, one of the most intense orgasms of his life, he feels he should make some move to reciprocate but when he tries, moving his hand the short distance to the front of Mycroft’s trousers, his hand is stopped by another gently wrapped around his wrist,
‘Well no actually love, I’m here to watch Mina through Story time, we’re going to have fun aren’t we little love.’ She tickles his daughters tummy lightly to elicit her tinkling laugh, she’s always louder when she’s surrounded by people she knows and John supposes the room now consists of half her regular social circle, perhaps he does need to get her out into the world a bit more, making friends never hurt,
Greg attempted an eyebrow waggle. He failed. John didn’t really know how to react. He started laughing, a deep, near-choking belly laugh that jostled Mina enough for her to stir in her slumber. He was mostly laughing at how ridiculous Greg looked attempting to move his eyebrows independently but also at the sheer absurdity of John confessing his fantasies involved his dead roommate and Greg making some awkward joke fast enough to be called instinctual.
“His name is Petrovski and he was an assassin; he operated in Norway for the majority of his career before moving to London weeks before Sherlock’s death. You know him Mrs. Hudson because on the day of Sherlock’s death he was in Baker Street posing as a handy man.”
Mycroft repressed the rage he felt burning within him., Breaking the man’s nose would be considered a bad move in many people’s books.
Mycroft’s grip changes so it’s firmer, the movement faster. Greg shouts out as he orgasm’s, his mouth pressed against Mycroft’s chest, cheeks damp with tears, the sound may be muffled but his shaking isn’t. His whole body is fighting against staying upright, if it wasn’t for Mycroft’s arms wrapped around him he would have slipped down the wall to the floor by now, they stand together, bodies fully clothed yet intertwined.
‘Sir, are you even listening?’ Donovan clicks her fingers in front of her Greg’s face, he’s not had enough sleep the handle this level of annoyance so early in the morning, he never seems to sleep anymore and sleep is a luxury; a rare one at that.
‘I just don't understand Greg,' John Watson, once a constant pillar of strength had clearly crumbled under the weight of his grief. Greg took note of the dark rings under his eyes, the way his clothes hung a little more loosely and most tellingly of all he couldn't help but notice the metal crutch John had been leaning on when he entered his office, Greg thinks the man seems smaller as he stares out the window to the building opposite. They had become fast friends once Sherlock introduced them and Greg had witnessed their effectiveness while working together, they had bonded over a mutual affection for the manic genius they had both known so well. But when he had lost Sherlock he had lost John as well, when they had become a package deal Greg did not know but it was so obvious the doctor had become lost without his companion. The guilt Greg felt for adding to the man's burden may have been great but he knew he would be doing the right thing, for everyone involved, even if he were to admit to himself that his actions were not entirely altruistic with their intent. John needed a mission again, something to work for, something to live for.
“That’s so natural Mycroft; you love her so much. We all know that,” Greg said, brushing his hand down Mycroft’s side to grip his hip. He sidled in close to the other man’s back and held him, let the warmth of his body quieten the tremors in Mycroft’s body; leant him his strength as he needed it.
He gently placed Mina, who was still sleeping solidly, into the pushchair they’d brought in from the car. She curled slightly so she was twisting away from the fireplace but slept on while Greg turned toward the other two men.
They sat for an hour in silence, Mycroft deducing everything he could about the man sitting opposite him.
‘Well then the answer is clear, share your tale Gregory, I’ve nowhere to be’ and so Greg tells him, he explains how his day went, Mycroft laughs and reacts at appropriate moments and the conversation runs smoothly until he gets to dinner. He explains what happened, filling in details where he can, Mycroft is silent throughout until Greg reaches the kiss, he hears Mycroft draw his breath quickly and he stammers to explain what he said and how it had ended. There’s silence for a long while before anyone speaks again,
But that’s not you is it John? She could be your idealised image of a partner, she could welcome you into her life and home yet she will never be enough for you.
‘My wife will be impressed, she’s rather fond of astronomy, could never get Sherlock to give two figs about the universe though, although I suppose you already know that.’ John remembers the conversations, when he was first being accustomed to the idea of mind palaces and Sherlock’s ability to delete information he found uninteresting or unimportant. He imagined it must have been a point of contention between mother and son however if she’d been found on the topic. Certainly his mother had taken issue with his disinterest in mechanics, the rest of the men in the family taking jobs in the area while he wanted to be a doctor. ‘My wife, Violet, you’ll meet her in a minute, she’s rather eager to meet young Mina.’ John already knew this, that was the purpose of the evening after all,
‘I know some, Mycroft likes to buy Mina things involving star systems and, well, when I was in Afghanistan the night sky was beautiful, industrialisation is much lower over there you understand, their skies are free of light pollution and you can make out the constellations clearly. They have different names for some of them though, my team, we had a translator, a local, to make communication with the villagers easier. He taught me some of them,’ he can see the other man smiling broadly,
“So Francis just left. I like him but I have to say it would have been helpful if he’d told me where the damn wardrobe is. Is there a magic button somewhere that opens a secret door into Narnia?”
‘I’ve wanted to unwrap you from these suits more times than I’d care to admit,’ he hardly recognises the husky tone of his voice, he’s struggling to hold himself back from simply pouncing on the man, dragging the zipper of his trousers down with his teeth, using his hand, mouth, anything to bring the man in front of him to a wordless state of pleasure. He knows he shouldn’t, but at this moment, in this position it takes every morsel of his self control.
‘Nah Danny I don’t mind, but seriously call me Greg’ the young man turns a little red and Greg realises it really pretty cold in the drizzle, he indicates for them to move closer to the wall where an outside heater is producing a steady stream of heat which only really reaches a small patch of the area, ‘Do you smoke Dan?’
“No, no, no, no” the video ends on the on screen collected adult’s laughter. A moment of silence accompanies the ending of the clip but it’s soon broken by a booming laugh from Siger, Mycroft follows shortly after and all John can do is grin. Mina had this effect on him every day, she made him happy every day and he loved being a father.
Pushing open the second door he comes to he finds himself once again staring at Mycroft Holmes' silhouette, the man turns towards him when the door squeaked at his entrance, there was a small smile on his face but it doesn't meet his eyes,
Some of you may have noticed this is the penultimate chapter of this fic *Insert shocked face* but don't worry because i'll be figuring out AO3's magic and turning this into a lovely series for the second arc so at the relevant time go and subscribe to that if you want to keep up with John, Mina, Mystrade and a certain consulting detective who's yet to make an appearance outside of a dream *le sigh*
John passes across two photo albums he recognises, the pressed leather covers are the same as those which cover his own albums at home, their mother in one of her sentimental phases had compiled them for both of her sons,
‘I have been a doctor for a good while now as I’m sure your notes say, when I’ve worked in the clinic a lot of my patients have been children.’
No word yet as to the identity of the officers or the success of the raid. The Metropolitan Police Force refused to comment on any speculation surrounding the incident.
They load themselves into unmarked vans, Devin will follow with the police vehicles for the blockade, paramedics and ambulances will pull up once the operation begins and form a second block further back, the paramedics won’t be armed so they need for the first block to hold. They’re approaching the location; a seemingly abandoned docking warehouse on the water front, the abandoned front is hiding a wealth of drug production as well as human trafficking. Potential sex crimes and definite charges of abduction are likely. This is Project Poppies main aim, to clean up places like this which are forming crime bedrocks in London.
“The traditional list goes paper, cotton, leather, flowers. The modern starts with clocks.” John steps around the desk and places a closed lip kiss to Sherlock's cheek.
He’d felt it necessary to volunteer before Tammy had some form of breakdown; she’d been so relieved she’d told him to tell any story he could find. He tried remembering the stories he’d loved when he was that age and decided on a mystery. A quick skim through White Rabbit mystery section turned up nothing John found realistic or engaging but he had supposed he was spoilt for mysteries what with being the best friend of the world only Consulting Detective, it was then that inspiration hit, if he couldn’t find a mystery to his tastes why not retell one he’d experienced himself. He’d spent the next forty minutes sketching out every detail he could remember from A Study in Pink, the first case he and Sherlock had worked together, the agreement was to read as much as would fit into forty five minutes and figured dropping straight in to the case would be best. He’d explained his idea to Tammy over a hasty lunch, where he introduced Mina too the magic of breadsticks, before his friend had exclaimed that it was brilliant but wasn’t he worried about exposure. He’d considered this and decided to alter their names and maybe the location, he’d tried to explain he didn’t imagine people would recognise the details as a lot had never been released in the papers. Tammy had been quiet for the rest of lunch as John tried to contemplate where to set his detective story, Cardiff, Bristol, Birmingham, Edinburgh, he knew them all with enough certainty to figure them as settings.
