John’s face fell at the mere mention of his current housing. It was true that the hotel was the only thing he could find immediately after he returned from the hospital that allowed him in swiftly enough to where he was not homeless for a few days. Yet, the room began to grow costly and with only so much coming every week, it was difficult to keep up with the steadily growing bill.
Smoke continued to billow between them, creating a wall that resembled the smog that often clouded the London streets and gave the roads an ominous feeling. It seemed accurate enough for their current conversation.
Sherlock slowly pulled his hand away, wiping his hand on his coat at he gestured towards his office. His eyes glanced towards John and quickly dropped at the expression of what could only be described as anguish at his description that he was nothing more than a lowly doctor. He’d heard it all before, yet it had never hurt him so deeply.
John kept his hold on the man few longer than usual, the unsettling feeling of Sherlock’s ribs pressing into him more than usual caused him to break their hold. “Sherlock… have they been feeding you here?”
John grew rather heated underneath the covers and he swiftly undressed the thin layer of clothing he had left, before he laid back down. The cold sheets were of some relief to him when his back pressed against them, until the cold rapidly died and the heat inside him began to travel lower than he needed at that moment.
Another bout of quiet washed over the conversation as both tried to think of something to say to the other.
They turned to see the same guard from Sherlock’s cell, a complete stranger to the other two yet he still held the same dangerous air about him even with half his finger bleeding and a bump on the back of his head.
He couldn’t remember what happened between that moment and the moment where he watched the paramedics move Sherlock onto a gurney, attach a neck brace to him and carried him into the ambulance. He didn’t pay much attention to the criminal that caused all of this, he apparently lived but was bashed up enough to be placed chemically unconscious.
The carriage ride home was a mostly silent and awkward one as John managed his wounds while Sherlock stole most of the blankets. Sherlock did not know why the air between them had suddenly become tense, but he knew he was likely to find out soon enough.
John soon made his way to the bathroom and hit his hand against the door, the shockwave of it certainly caught Sherlock’s attention as the water turned off and it went absolutely silent on the other side of the door.
He was silenced by a swift kiss before he had time to let his mind wander on the subject further. The lovely light buzz that accompanied their connection was almost too indulgent and before he could pull away to catch up with himself, John pulled away just to attach his lips to the pristine skin of his shoulder.
They had just finished up at a crime scene, Sherlock went off as he usually did and five minutes before they were to leave, he began to shake frantically. John at first assumed he was cold and pushed him into the closest cab they could find to head back home.
Neither one of them hung up immediately, the gentle crackling of what John assumed was Sherlock moving around his flat was the only sound that passed between them before John made the decision to hit end call. The lack of crackling caused another wave of stillness to wash over the room before he turned his attentions to Rosie.
The supple touch of his lips against John’s was enough to leave john boneless, it led John to lean into the silk like texture of the man’s skin that seemed to draw him in and made him never want to leave it.
“Oh, I wouldn’t do that, I’ve grown too fond of you. How could I possibly manage to accomplish that now?”
He was set down near the side of the ship as Greg joined his side once again. A telescope was quickly pressed into his palms as the crew awaited his instructions. “Oh... alright.”
The relief only further came when his phone began to ring. He quickly dried his hands from the wash up he was attempting to finish with the noise, and picked up the phone to see Sherlock’s icon on the screen. He swiped to answer it, as he hardly seemed to see him recently with the task of taking care of Rosie.
He turned to face the direction of the naval ship that was attempting to disappear into the horizon, he quickly undid the latch of the telescope and peered into it. His eyes locking onto the wooden frame quicker than he would have thought.
John let out a slight huff as he set down his notebook to move behind Sherlock and wrap his arms around his waist. It was hardly surprising to tell that Sherlock had forgone anything beneath his robe. He still hated the feeling of clothes after extended periods of time, and often didn’t wear anything at all when he was given the chance. The robe was really just there for decency should Mrs. Hudson walk in.
John was taken out of his thoughts when he felt a light pat on his back, and he looked to see Sherlock walk away from his side and to his chair. He let out a sigh and went to finish up the groceries, to find them all gone and put away.
A heavy silence made its way between the two as a piercing wind grew in the evening’s breeze. There was no possible way Mycroft could know about it… Could he?
“John… Um, this might be difficult to understand but, and if you’ll agree with it, I want to be with you. Fully, not just as we are now.”
A slight smirk grew on John’s face at the question, taking the brief pause to brush a curl from Sherlock’s face. “Possibly, many years ago.”
The Captain shrugged as he made his way through the room and took the same position as John, bracing his hands on each side of the table and lowered himself to look into the man's eyes. “I make it important for every member of my crew to be in the best shape. I would expect nothing less.”
Sherlock went quiet for a while as he watched Mycroft take a long inhale of his cigarette, then looked to him and handed it over. Sherlock took it, drew in a deep breath of the smoke that billowed from it, and put it out beside him as if he’d done it a hundred times before. He never was sure if he liked them or not, and he often checked to see if his decision had changed.
“Sherlock, I am so sorry. I shouldn’t have gone to such an extreme length to get you to focus… I just, I don’t want you to lose yourself like that-“
They finally had a clear path to keep up with the man they were chasing, when he made a sharp turn towards the docks. It was a fruitless effort just to catch up with him again before he had jumped into the freezing ocean’s water and began to swim away.
“It is perfectly alright Sherlock; it is only fair after I made you wait so long yesterday just for you to give me that lovely gift.”
It was a mistake to let that thought in as soon as he managed to think of it, as too many questions came to his mind once it surfaced. Was there more to mating with them? If so, was their mating more similar to their human part, or a fish? These thoughts grew to evolve to a more… human form. John thought of what it would possibly look like if Sherlock had legs, even if it did seem impossible, he imagined that he would have long, lithe legs that seemed to go on forever, with defined muscles and just the slightest number of curves in all the right places.
He gave Victor another happy smile and allowed for their noses to brush against one another before he swam inside to collect more books from the disorganised piles they had gathered in.
Lestrade gave a small nod even if he didn’t agree with the decision he made. He knew Sherlock would want John to be there no matter what, and he was certainly right about that.
Finally, he could stand it no longer, and drew John away from his place of attention, however much it pained him, to lay another kiss to his lips.
The door was shut swiftly and without care if his fingers were in the way or not. he backed away from the door, his breathing grew rapid as he scanned his eyes over the room until he focused on the large bay window that drew in most of the light. John threw away the curtains that hid the rest of the world from his room and pushed open the heavy window panes to look down into the rather empty street.
The desperate twinge in his voice was enough to pull at his heart strings and he gave him another kiss and nod, then Sherlock was gone. A quick splash of water hit the deck and John watched his tail dive underneath the murky waves, then disappear.
Sherlock gave him a hesitant nod and followed him inside. They both sat on the bed quietly until Victor managed to collect his thoughts.
Sherlock quickly slapped a hand over Mycroft’s mouth, his teeth tightly gritted together as he had a slight grip on his face. “Do not finish that sentence if you value your fingers, Mycroft. He’s just our doctor, that is it.”
Sherlock quickly opened the door to his office and let Mycroft inside, he took one last glance back to his men, not able to find John through the crown before he closed the door behind him.
It had been a few hours since they made it to the hospital and it was certainly a productive two hours. Sherlock had been rushed through the ER and transferred into a room to receive a CT scan.
He looked back up to Sherlock when his grip didn’t loosen and placed a gentle hand on his, then he finally felt him let go to instead hold his hand.
He moved the kneel down on the deck and watched as a young man that gripped onto the dock’s pole came into view. Soaking curls that dripped water from their ends framed the man’s face and drew John’s attention to his eyes, the bright contrast of their pale hue and the murky water that surrounded him could only make him stand out more. These things, added on with prominent cheekbones and supple, full lips that John had never seen so full even on a woman, added to this lovely mystique about him as he hardly looked afraid like he thought he would be, but rather interested.
“Well, he did! But noooo, apparently someone isn’t likely to jump two stories without a way to get down, yet look where we are now!”
John was fairly hesitant at the unwarranted touch and what he knew what the man was looking to find, and likely would. The mangled mass of discolored flesh sitting at the crest of his shoulder, the look of it so appalling to John that he hardly worked without a shirt anymore as he could not stand for another person to see it. Yet the very idea of showing this man, this
Lestrade didn’t need anything else, as by the time John looked away from checking on Sherlock to make sure his vitals were still stable, he could already hear the sirens in the distance.
It could have been due to the distance noise had to travel to get up to his room, it may have been the fact that Sherlock was more feline than human when he walked, but he was still outside his room. John never even took notice until he looked over to see Sherlock looming over him in the darkness.
They both were left in a tangled mess for a moment, panting to catch their breaths before Sherlock let out a breathless laugh. He soon looked up to john to wipe away the sweat from his brow, pressing a tender kiss to his lips before he stood to fetch a cloth to clean them both.
“I… Just a moment.” He moved to his desk and took out a piece of paper, and quickly scribbled down a note before he unclipped his sword from its buckle. He set it across his desk and stuffed the note inside, finally he moved from his desk and began to follow Mycroft outside.
Sherlock gave him a small nod and adjusted himself to meet his gaze. “It’s feeling so much better that, thank you doctor.”
The reinvigorating scent of salt-stained air hit their senses before their eyes became adapted to the natural sunlight. Their disorientated motions were too noticeable in broad daylight that they surely attracted attention, yet there was no sound of alerted guards or sirens. Absolute silence filled its place instead.
Sherlock gripped onto the railing as he made his way up onto the roof. The concrete floor was slick underneath his feet, but it didn’t matter as he got his criminal right where he wanted him, he was cornered with nowhere to turn.
The young man was then called into a back room as he left John to sulk in his words at the counter. John glanced up when another man entered the store, a tall, stout man that was dressed some of the most expensive clothes a gentleman could wear at the time. What could he possibly want in a small shop such as this one?
Sherlock calmly waited where he was with what he deemed was the patience of a saint as Mycroft took his sweet time boarding his boat. The man soon found his way in front of him with that same self-entitled expression that he seemed to always have.
He let himself lean over just slightly, and fully expected the man to be exposed there as well, but what he found was nothing like he could have thought of.
It became much more of a possibility the longer he thought about it, Sherlock was prone to not eating for days, hiding himself away within him home, and hardly seeing anyone. It wasn’t a far stretch to see him easily starving himself to death. His visits to John were the most motivated he was to leave the house in a very long time, and he could hardly ignore how happy he seemed.
He gained a few stares from the hotel guests that loitered in the foyer to smoke and drink away from their spouses, and he managed to slink his way past them while a trail of sea water was created in his wake.
It was days later when John came home after work to find Sherlock leaned up against the kitchen counter while he drank a cup of tea. His tail was surprisingly immobile as he took small sips from his drink.
And here we are my lovely readers, 9 chapters, and over 16,000 words. I cannot tell you how much this story has grown so much more than I ever expected, the story between these two could not have happened without all of your continuous support. I feel as if I've been spoiled by all of your lovely and hilarious comments that have inspired me to continue to write this.
“I am not aware if a gem such as this exists but I will describe to my best ability and you may take it from there. Imagine… Imagine you step outside and you are standing in the artic tundra. The ice underneath your feet allows just the lightest peek into the dark depths of the ocean. It could easily collapse under you, drown you with a simple crack, but… it doesn’t. It remains sturdy, a constant beneath your feet whilst the sun shines on it as if jewels were frozen within the ice…”
The unsettling quiet that lingered in the air between them was enough to drive anyone mad, and Mycroft was the only one that made it worse by holding their gaze, as if he was pondering a question that was difficult for even him to answer.
“I just… I couldn’t blame you for moving out after everything that happened and with Rosie… I didn’t take into account how… lonely I would be, if that’s the right word for it. It started getting out of hand again a few weeks ago, I um… There was a lull in cases and I didn’t have anything to stop my minding from… John, I’m sorry. I really am, I just didn’t know what to do and-“
Sherlock needs to hear this. He doesn’t think that Sherlock has ever really had someone around to help him.
He hears Sherlock downstairs, rustling through some papers, then starting up a melody on his violin. He pauses frequently, plays and replays certain snatches. He must be composing. John wonders if the cottage is his inspiration; the tune is low, slow, smooth, comforting. If that’s how the cottage makes Sherlock feel then he is very glad that he went to the trouble of getting them here.
He looks peaceful. That’s how Sherlock had been feeling when he’d fallen asleep last night. Sherlock gently lays his fingers over John’s and John shifts a little, making a sleepy noise which instantly goes into his mind palace, though he’s not sure why. He wonders what time it is, tries to judge it without moving by looking at the angles of light in the room, but he doesn’t know the room or the area well enough. He doesn’t want to move to find a clock. Right here, this moment, is where he wants to stay. For as long as possible.
Sherlock doesn’t seem to want to leave his warm spot in John’s bed after that. Perhaps he doesn’t need the cold to think anymore. John gets up. He doesn’t particularly want to leave Sherlock on his own, so he sits at the desk and tries to write up an old case that’s been in his notes for a while. He can’t concentrate, though; he keeps glancing around at Sherlock to check he’s okay. After a while, he can almost feel Sherlock’s boredom settling in. He looks through his bag and chucks some scientific journals onto the bed, ones that Sherlock has been meaning to read. Of course he didn’t think to pack them himself. Sherlock reads and John tries to write until his stomach decides that his enormous breakfast was too many hours ago, and that having had just biscuits and tea since isn’t enough.
John pulls his fingers out to generously lube up his cock and Sherlock feels curiously empty. He reaches for John as John leans over him, hooks his legs around John’s waist as John slides a hand along his thigh.
“Your uh–” (Sherlock's breath catches at a sensitive spot) “–your face when you saw my range of flexibility. It spoke volumes. And you couldn’t stop looking at my lips.”
Sherlock hums a few notes, then hums them slightly differently, then springs up to get his violin and play through them.
John is really quite enjoying being pressed up against the door by Sherlock's tall, solid body, especially when Sherlock's desperately shaking fingers slip off John's buttons and he curses under his breath.
Quickly he strips and changes. It’s a few days away from the full moon now, but his wolf is just as keen as he is to find Sherlock, so the change is easy. The video Mycroft showed him had the location as well as a timestamp. That’s where he’ll head now.
“Oh for God’s sake, John!” Sherlock suddenly explodes, slamming his now-splinter-free foot to the floor with a bang.
“So it’s been two days? The whole time I’ve been at Harry’s? So he was taken before I even left that morning? Why did no one tell me?”
He makes himself toast, but hardly registers eating it. Then he visits his mind palace to go over John’s letter. All the evidence says that he should accept his wolf. John is more of an expert in this field than Sherlock had thought, and he is also the only person Sherlock trusts to interpret that expertise in his own situation.
. Sherlock’s wolf copies the growl. His human side finds John growling very… interesting. The three wolves appear unconcerned. John steps forward, in front of Sherlock, rises up, makes himself look bigger.
Sherlock nods. Control is important to him. Even with cocaine, he was the one administering it. He had found the perfect 7% solution that only sharpened and enhanced his mind. But when he’d slipped into an overdose and lost control that had been… not good.
They change and head out to the park again. Inside there are no signs of anyone, just the acrid scent of alcohol spilt in darkened corners, and the detritus of other, more unpleasant addictions. John leads Sherlock away from there quickly. They go to their patch of open grass. It’s much the same as last night. Play, run, fight. Having the space to be in wolf form and run is a heady, liberating feeling. He allows his wolf just a touch more control.
“I’m knackered,” John says as they leave, the staff locking up behind them. “Will you be cooking tonight?”
Sherlock's hand, warm and slick with lube, wraps around John's cock. John's head thumps back into the pillow as he groans. One slow, agonising stroke later John is lubed up, and Sherlock is sliding down onto him in a smooth, endless movement. John swears, a long stream of every swear word he knows, including the ones he picked up in the army. Sherlock's eyebrows are slightly pinched as he adjusts to the fullness of John inside him.
He sits, on the edge of his chair, and rests his hands on his knees. That way he can stop himself punching Mycroft.
He allows John to lead him back inside. The fire isn’t lit, so John shepherds him upstairs, to the sea side bedroom, and puts him into bed, into the warm patch left behind from his nap. He strips off his coat and shoes and climbs in too, facing Sherlock.
“Very nice,” says John. He hands Sherlock a glass of whisky before settling into an armchair by the fire.
Here are some things he knows for sure: it’s October, although he doesn’t know the exact date, but it hasn’t been so many days that they’re in November yet. He is in Serbia. Where exactly he doesn’t know, but they didn’t transport him so far that they crossed a border. His name is Sherlock Holmes. He will not tell them any of the secrets he knows. He is doing all this for his brother. He’s really doing all this to get back to London. He loves John Watson.
John settles into bed and turns his back to Sherlock. Sherlock feels a twinge of disappointment. He thought sharing a bed would be, well...more, but he reasons with himself. Having another warm body in the same bed as you, hearing the other warm body breathing softly, surrounded by the smell of John...it could be worse.
He almost stumbles as he gets out the shower, grabs a towel and disappears. Sherlock stares dumbly after him, brain attempting to catch up, trying to understand. John was just as hard as he was (still is), he wanted it too, so why leave him? He pushes away from the wall, stands for a minute, two, then switches the shower off and retreats to his own room with a towel. He is still perplexed. John initiated. John let Sherlock into his bed, more than once, John stroked his hair, John suggested, no, stated, that they shower together. But it was John that ran away.
“Okay, here’s the plan,” John says. “We’re going to eat early. Then I’ll explain to you how changing works. We’ll probably be out most of the night. When we’re back, straight to bed to recover. How does that sound?”
“Well, don’t just stand there shivering.” John flips back the corner of the duvet and pats the mattress.
He shivers. His cock is aching again, deprived of any contact except the press of John’s body against it. He wants to rock up, to rub against John, but he doesn’t want to shift on his finger yet. John pulls away from the kiss, question evident on his face.
“I want to drive you mad with need,” Sherlock replies. “I want to see your face when you finally get release.”
“Mnh.” Sherlock pulls away from sucking a mark high up on John's collarbone. They’re both lazily rocking against each other, against whatever bit of flesh they can easily reach.
His wolf doesn’t think that’s soon enough. What are they going to do here for two days? They’re in the middle of nowhere.
John packs away the first aid box. “Fine. But you have to let me stay with you. That way I can wake you up if you can’t change back unconsciously.”
He’s busy at the stove cooking up delicious-smelling things. Sherlock is ravenous, but there’s something much more important to deal with first.
His mind flicks back to their shower together at the cottage and his cock twitches just a little against John’s leg.
“I swear to God, Mycroft, if you’ve taken him like you tried to before, and this is some kind of scheme to—”
When they’re done, John’s meal finished and Sherlock’s picked at, John asks the bar if he can borrow a torch for their walk home in the dark. He promises to return it in a few days.
It’s starting to get dark, and the few construction workers still about are bunking off early for their Friday night plans. John paces outside the skeleton of a building, still on the phone. Mycroft wants to send in a specialised team. But the second John knows which building Sherlock is in he’s going in.
Sherlock opens his eyes and makes a noise of protest. He might be pouting. He tightens his hold on John.
John waits for Sherlock’s jerky nod. He has seconds to prepare him. Efficiently, he strips him of his coat, belt, scarf. He won’t be strangled by his own clothes on John’s watch.
John is sitting on the sofa where Sherlock was curled only a few minutes before. Sherlock can see where the hair on the back of his head is sticking up from his awkward sleeping position. That, and his getting defensive of Sherlock, makes Sherlock think of him as adorable, but he’s sure that if he ever voiced that John would punch him in the face.
. He watches John’s body shimmer, ripple, then morph into wolf form, then changes himself. It surprises him just how much easier this is when it’s something he wants to do rather than something he has to do. He slips back, and lets his wolf take control.
They settle into an easy, undulating rhythm. Sherlock can feel it building inside him, coiling in his belly, making his legs tingle. He needs to hear John moan again, needs to make him feel good. He licks a stripe up John’s neck, tastes the tang of dried sweat there, kisses and sucks on his sensitive spot. John shivers. Sherlock can feel John’s balls drawing up. He’s close too.
Sherlock rushes to John's side, already texting Lestrade to hurry and bring an ambulance with him, then throws his phone on the concrete, visually cataloguing John's wounds and wishing he hadn't when the list just gets longer, and longer, and longer. He pushes John's jacket out the way and presses his hands against a gash in John's side (he'd had a knife?).
A van pulls up to the depot. John glances at the timestamp: about right, allowing for their roundabout route. Two hooded men get out the cab of the van, go around to the back and open the doors. A subdued-looking Sherlock is led out by a third hooded man. These are definitely the same men. John has the same feeling that he recognises
Three weeks fly by. They learn each other. Sherlock learns just how much John likes his lips, learns how to put them to good use around John’s cock. John learns how to overwhelm Sherlock, when to back off and slow it down. It’s largely unchartered territory for Sherlock, but here, exploring it with John, he feels safe.
, his wolf thinks. He hops up on the bed and turns a few circles before settling down, leaving half the bed free for John. John is upstairs getting ready for bed. Sherlock listens to him following his routine then coming back down, slight hesitation at the top of the stairs, slight hesitation outside Sherlock’s door.
Sherlock makes a frustrated noise and rolls away. He feels grateful (no awkward erections) and disappointed (no Sherlock) in equal measure.
He wraps an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock very cautiously moves his arms away from his head and John helps him sit up a little to take the pills. In the dim light he’s paler than usual. As Sherlock lies back down, John sits down on the sofa and settles Sherlock’s head in his lap. Sherlock makes a soft, confused sound.
John shakes his head and silently begs his knees not to give in when Sherlock ducks his head and sucks on a nipple. The grin on his face when he straightens back up is positively evil.
Just when he thinks he’s about to explode (and not in the way he wants to) John’s hand wraps around his cock and jerks quickly. Sherlock howls and tries to push into his hand and onto his cock all at once. He can barely keep his eyes open with the pleasure of it all but he wants to watch John above him, flushed and sweating and beautiful, muscles sliding under his golden skin as he thrusts deeper. A few firm tugs and he arches, toes curling, calling out John’s name hoarsely and painting thick stripes of come up his own chest. John is panting broken half-sentences of praise. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks blearily up at John, whimpering softly at each thrust rubbing against his deliciously sensitive skin. It doesn’t take long then. John comes with a curse and Sherlock feels it inside him, groans at the feeling.
They pack the sandwiches in a bag and take the path that leads down to the cove. The sand is rough and grainy.
“I know what it is, John,” he snaps, or tries to snap, but the bite is lost to breathlessness. “Do it again.”
“One could argue that, following his recent attack, Sherlock is now an infant in some aspects of his life.”
Patiently, he waits for John to fall asleep, then closes the skylight and tiptoes downstairs, but not to his room. He’s no longer tired after napping in the hideout, and if John wakes up to find Sherlock missing he’ll panic. He picks up his violin and begins to play.
No, he won’t say anything. Not yet. He needs to get a better read on how John feels about the situation. He gathers his violin and his music and goes back upstairs to finish packing. Breakfast is awkward. John has made tea for him, so all is not lost, but the silence is strained. Thankfully it’s eventually interrupted by the arrival of the cottage’s owner.
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” Sherlock says, just audible over the thunder. He didn’t. He doesn’t know what he meant to do.
“Shower,” he says, panting slightly. “You said you’d shower.” He steps away from Sherlock, leans in to kiss him briefly, then steps away again.
His packmate is lying on the floor, head between paws. He’s sad. But that’s not right, he shouldn’t be sad. They’re a pack. They’re going to run and hunt and enjoy the night.
Alleyway fights with case suspects are meant to be fun, adrenaline-pumping, nothing too serious. A few bruises at the worst.
“I would enjoy a life of music, but being in an orchestra would be a life of continuous rehearsals with squabbling members and a conductor trying to change everything you do and someone else picking the pieces. My music is mine.”
John sniffs carefully around the area. Yes, the vehicle had definitely stopped here. The scent of the oil is stronger; there’s a small puddle of it where the vehicle had been stationary. He tries to find Sherlock’s scent, or the scent of the other person whose blood was spilt. The wind changes direction, and John catches a whiff of Sherlock’s scent. He sprints across the depot. Somewhere around here… Yes, here. Sherlock’s blood, mixed with spittle. He’d been punched in the mouth, and spat out blood.
true, but John being on the sofa does not impede his sprawling. Especially not now he’s in wolf form. Sherlock jumps up onto the sofa and sprawls out, stretching his body across the unoccupied length of sofa and resting his chin on John’s thigh.
At lunchtime he refuses to stop off at a service station, instead dragging Sherlock out of the car and into a shabby café. Sherlock doesn’t want to eat but John makes him have a slice of toast. The tea there tastes like piss, so he opts for weak coffee instead. He sips at it and watches John eat his bacon sandwich.
“John—” he manages, and then he’s coming, head tipped back and mouth open in a silent cry, legs trembling.
After another half an hour of driving, they pull off the motorway and into a medium-sized town. John drives around until he finds a newsagent’s. When he comes back to the car he has two phones, bricks, only good for the basics. He hands them to Sherlock.
He’s so sure of himself, thinks he’s hilarious. It’s disgusting. Picking up the bag, Sherlock stands, knees damp and protesting after being uncomfortably folded for so long. He says nothing.
Upstairs there are two bedrooms, one on the sea side of the cottage and one on the land side. Sherlock takes the bedroom at the back, the land side. It’s smaller, but cosier. He isn’t planning to sleep much anyway. From its windows he can see the land rising up into the woods at the top of the hill. No signs of civilisation. This will be the perfect spot for them to change. Plenty of space, and no chance of being seen. Might Weres be more widely known and accepted in the countryside? Or more feared because of the potential threat to livestock? Does one hunt when in wolf form?
Sherlock is so responsive. John had no idea that he’d react like this to all the touching and attention. He’s arching up against John, keeping their bodies pressed together as much as physically possible. It honestly makes John feel a bit heady. He has the power to make Sherlock like this, and he thinks (hopes) that Sherlock wouldn’t let go like this for anyone else. Just how much of this has he done before anyway?
The teenagers, frozen in shock when they saw John, run scattering at Sherlock’s approach. Their cans of alcohol are abandoned, left leaking onto the path. The scent is cheap and pungent.
The tweezers are plucked from their place and John kneels and holds out an imperious hand. “Give me your damn foot.”
He raises his violin to his chin and slips into his mind palace to read the music. He’s surprised when three minutes in his wolf stops pacing and comes to lie at his feet. After that it’s easy to sink into the music.
Sherlock looks blank. John had strategically placed the tea next to him when he was in his mind palace, and the technique had obviously worked.
Sherlock’s face is open and honest. “I want to hold you and kiss you. I want to finish what we started in the shower and I want that every day. I don’t want us to be just friends.”
“Perhaps we should leave the bathroom,” Sherlock suggests, attempting to regain a measure of dignity.
“I took a long time to change back. My wolf didn’t feel it had been out enough. They had to put me under a second time in the same night. I was out of it the next day. Healing better, thanks to my wolf, but weak and still not in control. I couldn’t really process what was happening to me. That evening they restrained me, but a wolf is a different shape to a human. The restraints tugged painfully on my limbs before I managed to get loose, and then they had to tranq me again. They kept me under for the next three days, in both forms. I felt so ill. That was my first change.”
And this fic is about to earn its explicit rating. This is easily one of my favourite chapters just for its main events. Let me know what you think!
John's wince brings him back and he glances up at John who looks far too pale, and his eyes are dimming and closing. He thinks he begs John to stay awake, to stay alive, to wait for the ambulance. John just about stays conscious, but he hasn't said anything, which Sherlock takes as a very bad sign. Somewhere, his brain is pulling up facts and figures and calculating long-term injury chances and survival rates, but he ignores it. Then his hands are being pushed aside by the paramedics he hadn't even heard arrive and he's told he's done all that he can for John as he watches them tend to John's injuries as best they can and then peel,
He’s getting closer. Sherlock can feel his muscles gradually tensing. He doesn’t think he’ll ever get tired of bringing John to orgasm, cataloguing his little reactions, hearing his moans. John clutches at him. He speeds his hand up. John leans in, kisses him desperately, messily. His hips jerk once, twice, then he goes tense and still and wetness blooms over Sherlock’s hand. John’s moan is muffled between their mouths.
, John,” Sherlock replies, spitting out the word ‘splinter’ with more venom than he usually affords the word ‘Mycroft’.
“Not too boring?” John asks. Aside from the change, his one biggest concern is that Sherlock will go mad with boredom here.
His daily promenade instructed by his physician only seemed to accentuate the pain in his leg, and he was relieved when he found a small dock that remained away from the rest of the droves of individuals that gave him passing glances when he walked.
Mycroft managed to get the two to move far enough back on the dock so that Sherlock’s tail was now fully exposed to the dry air around them. It was certainly an uncomfortable sensation after having at least some part of himself in water at every moment, which only became worse as he began to dry off and felt a burning sensation run underneath his scales not long afterwards.
He picked one of the many books placed into the stone and moved back to sit on his bed. The gentle glow of the lanterns gave him the sight to try and turn the pages, that seemed to want to fall apart at every opportunity and float away on the small currents that ran through his makeshift home, but he wouldn’t allow it.
“I am sure. it doesn’t give me much interest, and I believe it deserves to be read by someone who will appreciate it.”
It was likely half an hour before he deemed to open his eyes once more and prepared to return home, when his eyes focused upon an exposed rock that peaked from beneath the waves. He could hardly figure what attracted his attention, but his gaze was once again caught when he swore, he could see movement behind the boulder.
Oh poor John! I'd really love something where John punches the fuck outta Sherlock. Something where maybe Sherlock drugs himself or feels he needs drugs but John punches him and only the pain of getting bruises from his John is what can divert his need for drugs. Like maybe it starts on accident but then he asks John to do it when he's going to inject himself. John gladly obliges because he is so angry at Sherlock hurting himself like that, as well as John liking to carry and help Sherlock with his cuts on his pretty pale cheeks afterward. :D -River_Tam
He received a few pats on his shoulder as he tried to stay out of the general merriment as he usually did, that didn’t last long as he was practically pounced on by a relatively young man by the look of his features, yet with silvering hair and a generous smile. “Hello John, I don’t believe we’ve met so far. I’m Greg Lestrade, Sherlock’s first mate.”
Sooo... I may have gone a little overboard with this one. I sincerely meant for this to be some crack and I- I have no clue. either way, I hope I accomplished the tone you imagined.
The sounds of metal hitting the wooden deck rained through the air as they turned to see hooks latching onto the side of their ship, practically dragging the Redbeard along side them. Their ship had no choice but to cease their endeavor and surrender.
The room went quiet again as John pulled away from Sherlock only slightly to look at him. The look in his eyes was enough to settle the thought that was bubbling to the surface.
“Well, never mind that now. I am happy you are here.” Sherlock was glad of that, at least he was a decent distraction from the pain in his leg long enough for him not to worry about it for too long.
John began to understand the use of the word intimacy as he felt truly hot under the collar, and everywhere else for that matter. Although he didn’t understand how it seemed intimate to Sherlock, until he felt the gentle scrape of teeth against his skin that were soon soothed by the small licks to his skin.
He had just slipped under the covers, the almost silk like texture eased the tension in his shoulders as he stretched to take up the rest of the space in the bed, when he got the most peculiar feeling in his shoulder.
The man in question let out a small sigh before he went to grab his dressing gown, and stopped. The small glance John had given him only gave him conformation of what he suspected over the last few weeks; the dancing around each other was tiring to Sherlock and he may or may not have upped the number of experiments just to start something, as John would likely just ignore every other of Sherlock’s attempts at flirting.
“Here's one that's been bouncing around my head, but I have no idea which way to take it: Sherlock Almighty. Obvs would lend itself to crack, but could also take quite a serious turn. Had a thought that maybe Sherlock finds out John or Molly or whoever you ship prays for him... That could lead to something. So anyway, if you wanna take a crack at that, feel free.”  -LondonLioness
A young woman soon made her way into the flat and took a seat opposite to John on the settee. once her veil was drawn away from her face, she appeared in a rather pitiable state of agitation. Her face was drawn up and grey, with restless frightened eyes, like that of some hunted animal. Her features and figure were one of a woman of thirty, but her hair was shot with premature grey, and her expression was weary and haggard.
It was certainly a calculated risk to take, but something about him seemed… trustworthy to say the least. That was already something to John as there were no longer many people that he was able to trust.
The shudder of relief that fell away from John’s shoulders at the sight of him drew him away from the shield that was Mycroft, and allowed his feet to travel down the dock until he was knelt at where Sherlock’s head fell upon the wood. His hand instinctively moved to run itself through the silky curls that he had missed and ached to see.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at the compliment as he went back to his fruit. His head was tilted to the ocean as he didn’t believe he could become so giddy with such praise.
The usually morose expression on the older merman’s face was now covered with an attempt at what Mycroft most likely thought was understanding, but seemed more patronizing than anything.
Sherlock could hear the growl that grew in his brother’s throat at his complete lack of respect towards him, it wasn’t anything new, but one would think he would at least give him the dignity to explain his completely ‘rash’ decision.
The next ‘incident’ came up not long afterwards, even with John’s constant begging and warning that seemed to come up every single moment he saw Sherlock’s fingers twitch.
This is what Victor first concluded when he stopped by for a visit and came to see the destruction that Sherlock’s home had undergone. He hurriedly swam inside and attempted to look through the cave to see if he could tell what had happened. Animals had a habit of swimming in unannounced in the middle of the night, perhaps this was another case of a shark mistaking this cave for a sunken ship.
They stayed like that for quite a while, the sound of their breathing was the only thing that filled the room.
The light tingling he had felt for the last few days seemed to intensify to a distinctive level that spread throughout every inch of him, with its epicenter emblazoned within each toothmark on his neck.
The room seemed to stand still for a moment, the beeping of Sherlock’s monitors blurred from John’s hearing as he could only watch Sherlock stare at him while he seemingly did not breathe.
He listened to the small chuckle from Sherlock that his eagerness caused, his face only grew redder as Sherlock moved his head closer to John’s own head and allowed his already accelerated breath to travel over the hot skin. A genuine smile growing on his face as he watched the member in his hand twitch and release a drop of precum on his wrist, which he promptly licked away.
Sherlock gently managed to pull the book from John’s grasp and moved closer to him, he closed the space that lingered between them and turned John head to face him. It was then that he noticed how nervous the man looked at was about to occur.
The store was quiet for moment as the clerk simply stared at him. A small smile grew on his face before he picked up the bracelet and took it to the back.
He had nearly made it to what he assumed was the ground floor when hurried steps made their way up the stairs. he began to panic, there was no alcove for him to hide and he was too far from one to run back up in time.
Those first few steps with Sherlock clinging to John’s arm were filled with strife as it took a moment for him to understand the movement needed in every new muscle and bone that he had to learn. After he managed a few steps on his own, Mycroft reentered the conversation with the bag now in his hands that he unceremoniously shoved into John’s arms.
John watched as Sherlock picked up the small tea sandwich and stared at it with an intense inquisitiveness. He could not help but let out a gentle chuckle as he picked up one for himself.
He never did have much of an appetite, perhaps that was just the case here. He soon turned back to John and gave him another smile as he set down the barely touched sandwich.
“Perhaps this will spark your memory, Doctor Watson. A rare book is given away, just to see another smile. A kiss is exchanged, that leads to something more… Intimate.”
He was pulled from his thoughts when a gentle tap to his arm returned his gaze to Sherlock, with a devilish smirk gracing his face that rather complimented his features. “Careful Watson, before we find that you’ve attached my hand to my shoulder and then we really would have a problem.”
He slipped down to pick it up, his digits traced over the thick and textured paper before he cracked open the wax seal to see tight cursive writing below the insignia of Parliament.
His mind wandered so far that he only faintly heard the sound of the dinner bell; it gradually pulled him from his thoughts and caused him to sit up. He made the effort to quickly fix himself before he walked out of the room, blinking back the light in his eyes to see the men making their way to the kitchen. He hesitantly made his way in line, attempting to avoid the men’s stares.
Sherlock took a quick bite of food before going over to John once again, holding his head in his hands to press a kiss to his lips. The soft friction of their mouths connected willed John to move closer into his touch before Sherlock hesitantly pulled away.
The recent bout of rain slickened the roughly paved footpaths and caused many a calamity to ensue as the four men ran through twists and turns, up over walls and ducking beneath the multiple lines of clothes that attempted to block their paths.
“Very good, you figured it out. Now for God’s sake, tell me what possessed you to think you have ANY right to tell John that I in some way will bring him harm?”
Sherlock’s hand easily slipped into John’s with practiced ease and pulled him along the distance he had likely already covered until it seemed as though they were right behind their fugitive within a moment.
Sherlock gave a small nod at the now seemingly forgotten incident and the domestic tune the conversation had now taken. He was just about to make his way downstairs when John took his hand in his own once again.
John hurriedly swam his way over to the man, who was struggling to the surface until his ankle was released and he broke to the surface with a strangled gasp. This moment of hesitation and pause gave John just enough time to get a good grip on the flailing man. This did not help much as he received several scratches and kicks to his person that led to small droplets of blood finding their way into the water while he struggled to swim back to the dock.
Another sigh escaped Mycroft’s throat as he turned to see his brother, a man so defined by his cold understanding and rational, reduced to tears over some pathetic human.
beneath his breath as he made his way over with the bag and blanket, he had carried with him. Even with his previous hesitation towards what was about to occur, it was still better than having to watch Sherlock and his lover be intimate in front of him.
It was then the smile faded when he looked to the wood beside him, the daunting idea of walking when he had just gone through the worst physical pain of his life. It was only with a comforting squeeze and murmured encouragement from John that Sherlock managed to get to his feet with some assistance. The blanket graciously being tossed away into Mycroft’s face so Sherlock would not be tangled in it when he moved his legs.
It felt as though the world went still once Sherlock’s eyes met the water again, his hand lightly rested against the crook of his arm and he flicked his tail up every so often just to watch the water fall in droplets from the tips of his fins. It never occurred to him that he could lose something that mattered so dearly to him, no matter how deeply he attempted to hide that want, but was it truly worth losing John just to have a child with someone he could never care as much for?
It could have been in absolute darkness if it were not for the bits of luminescent algae trapped in lanterns he had found in shipwrecks, that sat amongst the clutter of his home and allowed him to do the already tedious task of reading.
“Oh, good lord, this book… I’ve never seen an actual copy of it besides in my professor’s classes. Hardly any copies of this are printed anymore.”
He did not bother to think about it any longer, as he moved from his bed to run his fingers over the stone walls of his home. It was not much to look at, but he did his best to make it comfortable for him; Stacks of books were placed in small alcoves of the cave, while half burnt candles sat in corners, never to be lit again.
Shivers ran through John as he held Sherlock impossibly closer to him, his head naturally moved to Sherlock’s own neck and buried itself there whilst his hand wandered its way up to the raven curls that brushed against his cheek, and lightly ran through them to undo all the small knots that he found.
The assumption made John’s blood boil where he sat, how could this man be inane enough to say he could not handle a man such as Sherlock Holmes. “What you’re implying, Lestrade, is none of your business.”
Mycroft made a quick motion with his hand and within a moment the entirety of his entourage had left and they now were alone, it was as though Mycroft planned to relive their first meeting all over again just to torment John one last time.
London was absolutely bustling with life that next morning as John made his way down the street. The many shops he passed by never held anything of interest, until he set his sights on a small jewellery shop that he hadn’t seen before.
“Well, it just so happens that I lost the thing that encourages me to stay in bed due to private writings. Besides, I thought I might as well see what actually does bring my breakfast up every morning.”
“Ah, of course. How silly of me. My name is Mycroft Holmes, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft extended his hand to him over the table and John quickly shook it as a man walked up to them.
The two reveled in the peaceful moment in the other’s arms as John allowed Sherlock to sleep a little longer he continued his quiet admiration of his lover’s tranquil self until it was rudely disrupted by the rapid knocking on the cabin’s door.
“Gentlemen, I am Captain Holmes and you have been boarded by the crew of the Redbeard. I suggest you make this easy on yourselves, come up from your hiding places before my men come and search for you. They become much more hostile the longer they need to look.” At his words, a few men John recognized yet never caught the names of come into view once again as a self glorified smirk grew on the pirate’s face.
They barely spoke a word, only a gentle motion of Sherlock’s head towards his cabin as his hand moved into John’s. He smiled as he received a nod in return, the two of them silently made their way to Sherlock’s cabin to avoid the lively men on the other side of the ship. Only letting out a breath they both did not know they were holding when they were inside the safety of the Captain’s quarters.
“Right, um…” John turned his attention back to Sherlock before he looked down to his sword and unclipped it from his waist.
“oh, um… do you want to?-“ He moved to pull them back together again, which Sherlock appreciated but again, was not what he meant.
“Hey, hey shh..” He was up from his chair before he even knew what he was doing with his arms around Sherlock. His fingers made their way to his unkempt hair that had been horribly kept over the last few days to comb out the knots and tangles.
Sherlock only found the courage to look over from him when John pressed a hand to his chest. “Sherlock, I need you and Lestrade to go back to the ship.”
John finally looked up from his bed to meet Sherlock’s gaze, the indescribable look that graced his face was enough to tell him that he his prediction couldn’t be farther from correct.
It was how he had found himself in his current predicament, John was scaling the wall of his hotel, and just about made his way safely down when he saw the woman in black walk out of the building once again and approach the rope.
“As a matter of fact, yes I am. Now if you’ll excuse me…” John made his attempt to walk away, which was a futile accomplishment when he heard an irritated sigh behind him and hands gripped each of his shoulders. It was hard enough not to cry out in agony, and became all the more difficult when he was dragged by his wound back to the hotel. He finally could not take the pain any longer and did what his instincts first told him to do, a swift step on one of the men’s feet freed his shoulder enough to pull away. An attempted grab to his wrist sent his heel into another man’s shins and caused his leg to buckle, he took his opportunity to make a run for it, and just
He had slipped off his coat with ease and swiftly undid the buttons of his waistcoat before it was dropped alongside his other clothes. He slipped a few more things from his pockets, until he found nothing else that would hinder him. He slid back down onto the dock and felt the familiar cold of sea water soak into the cuffs of his trousers, and continued to crawl up his legs until he was fully seated in the water.
He soon set the book down and went to lay down, this usually meant that he needed to help a tiny snail that had somehow wandered its way up to his bed, and set it on the small opening in the stone that provided a way outside.
John let out a small huff before he collected his thoughts and went to go find anything useful. He looked through his wardrobe and the best he could find was the finger splint he used when he messed up his index finger. He was for once grateful that it was a thinner part of Sherlock’s tail that was broken, otherwise he’s would’ve had to build a new bloody splint.
being able to convince as stubborn of a person as Sherlock. He did not have long to dwell on it anyway as after John managed the task of teaching Sherlock how to actually put on a pair of trousers, he made his way over to Mycroft.
John just stared at for a moment, long enough for Sherlock to believe that he had said something wrong, until John moved from his spot on the dock to press a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s lips. He had to admit he missed the soothing tingle he could feel long after their lips met, and this moment was no exception.
“Yes, yes I’m quite alright... I suppose it is still sensitive is all. Nothing to worry about.” He waved his hand off to the side as he attempted to calm his rapid heartrate, not understanding the sudden bout of emotion he underwent just from an innocent touch; such an insignificant thing sent him into a spiral of heat that made him want to dive into the ocean to escape it.
“Hold on.” He stood his ground with his grip still on John’s cuff, his eyes meeting his brother’s own icy gaze as he casually leaned against his umbrella. The object nearly acting as a too thin crutch for him.
that that’s the point — the crawling anticipation of it, like a good thriller — and yet his stomach still flips and clenches on emptiness and his brain fogs into fear. His breath is shaky and deafening in his ears, battling against his pulse, and he sees it puffing out on the air before him.
He didn’t want John to leave, to take himself away to bed alone. He wanted  John to stay with him, to bask in this post-case glow with him, to call him amazing and a genius and brilliant. His energy was
Not so bad, right? I know you only have my word for it, but accepting your wolf will be so much better than rejecting it, trust me.
Sherlock has longer legs. He catches up quickly, leaps at John. They tumble over each other, tussle. John pins Sherlock. When he’s clearly won, he releases him. Sherlock gets up and shakes himself, the satisfaction of the race and the fight running through him, electric.
“You turned me on and you left me hanging,” Sherlock says. He can see what his voice is doing for John.
John glances at his watch. “About quarter of an hour ago. Get dressed and we can leave straight away.”
“Show me the CCTV,” John says. He may be coming across as demanding, but with Sherlock gone he can’t bring himself to care.
He has to go out again and clear his head. He has so many thoughts and feelings swirling around in it right now. He’s been walking for fifteen minutes or so when a sleek black car pulls up beside him. The window slides smoothly down.
Their destination turns out to be a dodgy-looking car rental place. John asks to use their phone and is led through to the office. This seems like the kind of place where no questions are asked, which is probably why John chose it, as part of staying under the radar. After his phone call is completed, Sherlock watches John talk to the man who appears to be boss through the office window. John is holding himself straight and tense, in his soldier position. Words are exchanged, then a substantial amount of cash is exchanged, then John is handed the car keys.
Fingers slide into his hair, clipped-short fingernails scrape against his scalp. Not tugging, not yet. But even so it makes all Sherlock’s nerves light up at once, like a whole road of street lamps flicking on when dusk approaches. He can hear the noises, grunts and soft whines, that he’s making in the back of his throat, and he knows that John likes them too. He would never imagine faking, but sometimes he lets his control go just a touch more, and John’s reaction to
John sighs happily and suddenly Sherlock needs to fix the things that are wrong here. He needs to tell John. He needs to say.
“We’re working on identifying the men, but they were hooded, and they knew to avoid the cameras,” Lestrade says.
“Find your wolf, then find the… presence of your wolf. Its mind inside your mind. You found it before, you can do it again.”
It’s getting closer and closer to Sherlock’s first change. It’s been exactly three weeks since he was bitten, and the full moon was a few days before that, meaning he will have to change in six days. Knowing Mycroft, he will try something soon to get Sherlock under his observation and control. He needs to be on guard, but the wolf besieging his mind palace is getting more active as the moon waxes. It’s incredibly distracting. Sherlock is having to spend more and more time each day sitting at the door of his mind palace, calming it.
John continues, “You get headaches because your brain is trying to fight the wolf’s presence. The wolf wants to come in and piss all over the territory, so to speak. Your brain resists it. It’s a battle, and to your human brain, it feels confusing and intrusive, but the sooner you accept it, the sooner the headaches will go.” He pauses. “That’s what I read, anyway. I can find you the literature on it if you want.”
"So you don't like spooning," John says, and a back burner of Sherlock's brain starts wondering who invented the term. "That's okay. We've got plenty more nights to figure this out, right?" He finishes by shifting closer, his head tucked under Sherlock's chin, and closing his eyes.
John grins his little grin to himself that Sherlock knows means he can’t believe his luck. Sherlock can’t believe his luck either. He stretches out, lying down again. John moves over, kneels over him, gently cleans him off. He closes his eyes. The flannel is warm and pleasant on his skin, and made even better when it’s followed by John’s mouth trailing after it. He can’t seem to keep the ridiculous, soppy smile off his face.
Sherlock is in his pyjamas when John comes back into his room. They both settle into their respective sides of the bed without saying anything. Sherlock would love to cuddle, but somehow he doesn’t think that will be acceptable now, in human form, not since what happened in the shower. This will have to be enough. He can hear John’s calm breathing, see him sleep, and tomorrow he’ll be able to smell him on the sheets and pillows. It will be enough, won’t it?
The sand won’t go. John calls again. Sherlock goes to him. He’s at the edge of the water. This isn’t his home territory (but there aren’t any other wolves here so it’s okay). John is excited because his home territory doesn’t have water like this. It’s
Sherlock is gripping his wounded side, gasping, face screwed up in shock and agony. John grabs his arm.
Then John is out of his arms, blinking rapidly as water sprays into his eyes. The wild glint is gone.
Mycroft ignores his question completely. “Good day, Dr. Watson, and good luck.” He turns and descends the stairs.
He takes his hands away from Sherlock’s. They feel empty now. He wonders why Sherlock didn’t say anything. He stretches out, from his feet all the way up to his hands.
“I know,” John agrees readily. “You’re hardly incapable. But would you want to?” He pauses. Re-reads the same sentence twice, still not taking it in. “I wouldn’t want to go back to living alone now.”
John is getting more anxious too. Sherlock puts that down to worry about him — John wants him to be much more accepting of the wolf — and the lingering threat of Mycroft. John smells different to him now, just slightly. Sherlock wonders if he can smell emotions now, if the wolf is picking up John’s anxiousness.
He starts and looks over, but John isn’t looking at the sunrise, he’s looking at Sherlock. He looks down at himself. Naked, come drying up his stomach and chest, hair undoubtedly a mess, pale skin tinted gold and staring out to sea. He thinks he would like to see John in this position. He’d keep the image in his mind palace forever.
John, wonderful John, surprises him once again and does better than expected. Without moving his finger too much, he slides down Sherlock’s body, settles himself between his legs, and slides his lips down over Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock shudders as John starts sucking him slowly. Soon his hips are moving minutely, working John’s finger deeper with each movement. John’s mouth around his cock is a hot, wet thing of beauty, just the perfect amount of pressure, setting his nerves on fire. When John’s finger is in deep and Sherlock is moaning he twists it, probing, searching for—
John is struck by that. He imagines that not too long ago Sherlock didn’t consider his future important enough to warrant making plans, much like John. And yet here he is, stating his plans, including John in them, like it’s the most natural thing.
John yips, tail wagging. That had actually been fun. Stupid, a little reckless, but their kind of fun. They wriggle back under the fence to run off the excitement, roll around play-fighting. They go down to the beach. Ugh, sand stuff. It tickles his paws. Sherlock steps gingerly over it, following John. John wants to play in the water. Sand might be tickly, but he’ll follow his packmate anywhere.
John is up before Sherlock the next morning. Sherlock is woken by his stomach, in turn woken by the smell of breakfast cooking. He wraps himself in his dressing gown and shuffles through to the kitchen.
They enter into the darkness of the alley opposite. John hesitates. There’s a figure huddled at the other end. But — Sherlock sniffs — he’s off his face. Probably not a threat. Sherlock trots forward. The figure looks blearily at them but doesn’t seem to register them. John nudges past to lead the way. Sherlock’s wolf could use his detailed mental map of London, but it’s much more focused on the immediate area. There’s a scuffle behind them, and they both spin to look. Just a cat. It arches its back and hisses at them. John flicks an ear in amusement, then carries on.
“Until you know how things will pan out, there’s no way of knowing if you’ll be able to live with it,” Clara says.
“No man turns up at his sister’s asking to sleep on her sofa for a couple of days if he hasn’t had a lovers’ tiff.”
Time ticks by until half eleven. He lights a fire because Sherlock enjoys them, and he hopes that he can find a little comfort in it. Sherlock continues to read the journals, but increasingly stares at his violin. If this episode makes it into music, how will it sound?
Well, partially, but not precisely. John decides on enigmatic. “That’s for me to know and you to find out.”
God. As soon as Sherlock is back John is going to sort that situation out. They can’t carry on in this awkward middle ground indefinitely. He will shower Sherlock with all the love he wants to give him, and Sherlock can give back exactly as much or as little as he likes. That will work, surely?
His eyes flutter and he forces them open again to look down at John. It’s his deducing look, but hazy, not as concentrated.
“Do you want to know how else I’m going to distract you?” Sherlock asks, looming over John. “I’m going to ride you slowly until you’re going insane with the need to come.”
He ducks his head to suck a sharp mark onto Sherlock’s neck and that does it. Sherlock tips over the edge into his orgasm and his mind goes deliciously blank with the pleasure of it. Distantly he feels himself arching up, clinging onto John, then feels the wetness bloom on his belly as John’s come joins his own.
“On her way to the vet’s. A cat, or maybe a small dog, not hers. She’s not carrying it with much care; it’s an animal she’s not particularly fond of — maybe her boyfriend’s or her parents’. She’s been roped into the task.”
“You might be surprised,” John says. “You’ll naturally take a back seat and let the wolf do its thing, but if it tries anything you don’t like, you can take over. You have the final say. But it can be fun just letting your wolf take off to do what it likes.”
John blinks owlishly at him, smiling, and Sherlock only just realises that he is sporting a rather foolish, sappy smile. He doesn't feel the need to correct it.
“You said you don’t know what it’ll do to my mind, John. I’m not going to let it in and become an animal.”
At 221B, back in human form, he snacks on a huge pile of toast while searching online for anything like suspicious activity around the depot. A knock at the door drags him away from his hunt. He glances at the time. Just after six a.m. Hours have gone by without him even noticing. He gets up and opens the door to find Lestrade.
John goes quiet after that. They’re not going to the park tonight, in case the aggressive pack is still lurking about. John has said he’ll take them to some quieter suburban areas, where fewer people will be about at this time of night. When they return to Baker Street, they’ll wait for the street to be as clear as possible before he sneaks Sherlock up to the flat. If anyone sees them, they’ll assume Sherlock is a very large dog.
. They’ve reached them. This is the limit of their friendship. John, so naive, doesn’t realise yet. It’s as good as over. Just like Mrs. Hudson warned him. Sherlock imagines life without John: Baker Street always empty, emptier than it is now. Cases alone are boring, nowhere near as fun as with John. The hard ones are nowhere near as easy to crack without John there as his conductor of light. No more popping round. No more chases and takeaways and excitement. This is it. It’s time to go.
He hasn’t been able to feel his hands for several hours now. He was keeping track of how long, until a hot brand applied to his back made him pass out and lose count. He thinks he’s cracked their favourite order of torture. They like to prove him wrong, though, psychopaths that they are. If he’s right, it’ll be the whip next.
Mycroft finally let out defeated breath and stood up, the impending conversation with John Watson would not be a happy one, but if it would give Sherlock the happiness he had never witnessed within his little brother, then it was worth it. He paused for just a moment to listen as Sherlock made his way into the water and swam away, until the light splashes of water faded with his departure, and Mycroft continued with his own.
Sherlock let out an indignant huff as he loudly scooted his chair out and stood beside john. It was somewhat amusing to watch Sherlock stare down at the food on the counter, as he never wanted to learn where things go in the kitchen and it wasn’t working for him now. John was just about to offer some suggestion on where to put a few things when Sherlock’s tail made itself know by handing its owner a packet of digestives, which he promptly placed in the overhead cabinet.
Sherlock let a smile peak through as he was tying his robe back together. “Just get dressed, if I’m correct Mrs. Hudson will walk in with a client in about… 2 minutes.”
He had just tucked the book under his arm and swam out of his cave when he was greeted with possibly the most displeasing sight of the day; Mycroft.
“Ah Sherlock, good morning. It’s quite early for you, isn’t it? Usually, I don’t wake you until nearly noon most days.”
It caused another broken whine to escape Sherlock as he tried to turn away from the heat by burying his face within the safety of John’s shoulder. A sudden sound erupted from him that was less like a scream and more of a wail as his fingers set into a bruising grip on John’s shoulders, the urge to curl into himself and just die right there was so tempting. At least it would cease the violent ripping that seemed to run through every inch of him.
“Hello Sherlock, I apologise if I was late. I just needed to pick up a few things.” He gestured to the small picnic basket that he had set behind the both of them. John could see the interest Sherlock had taken to the small item, and fed that curiosity when he opened it up to pull out a small picnic for them both.
The next movement was gentle, yet without hesitation as their lips met and each could describe as if the world had come to a halt. The rapid beat in John’s chest would only crescendo as the feeling of gentle hands on his skin, heated breaths, and soft lips against his filled his senses until the delightful touch retreated, as Holmes pressed his forehead to John’s, needing to catch his breath.
The temptation to slap his hand away was beginning to sound extremely pleasant before he felt fingers at the back of his neck tighten and pull him closer to his face.
He took pity on him, as he knew this was something very different to his understanding of intimacy. He pressed a gentle kiss to his lips, and held it for a moment until he relaxed enough to continue. He moved his kisses down his face, pushed away the collar of John’s shirt and nuzzled his nose into the crook of John’s neck.
Sherlock gave his head a small shake, and it made John’s face absolutely light up. The reaction made Sherlock smile as well, and caused John to wrap his arms around him again. Only this time, John’s embrace was met with a gentle pat to his back, which turned out to be Sherlock’s arm; it was shaking and weak, but it was moving.
Has it only been three days since I last posted? yes. Is it because I'm absolutely excited for these next two chapters? absolutely
Sherlock merely gave him a small shrug, his arms naturally wrapping around himself as he spoke. “they tried; they weren’t very successful.”
He hardly felt the urge to sleep in that bed again after what he had just done, and removed himself to a small chair beside a lamp. The twisted shapes and figures that appeared on the wall beside him did little to calm his anxieties as his mind began to run rampant with nothing to occupy himself.
John took quick notice of the small flicker of challenge in the man’s eye as he spoke, a small smile grew on his face at the prospect of someone not immediately agreeing with him. “I have several regulations in place that are much more appealing than you are led to believe exist on a pirate’s ship. My crew is all given the same wages and rations, no one is favored over another and contrary to what you may believe, I do not hand out unnecessary punishments without reason.”
“ I noticed once I first met you how you held yourself even in the moment that your ship was being raided by pirates. That to me suggests military, and if that wasn’t enough, your haircut along with the tan of your brow hasn’t changed often due to you working below deck…” He ran his finger along where John’s tan stopped just below his collar and sleeves. The touches caused a shiver to trail its way down John’s spine even in the relatively warm night air.
Mycroft finally relented and let him pass. Sherlock could hardly swim fast enough as he glanced over his shoulder every so often to confirm that Mycroft did not follow him, and eventually discarded the idea as Mycroft found whatever activities Sherlock got up to rather monotonous if he had to watch for long enough.
Sherlock stood up a moment later, looking the picture of the modern gentleman with how well the suit managed to compliment him even with how ill-fitting it was. John was just about to say so, when Sherlock exhaustedly moved over to him, his shoes still hung loosely from his fingers as he rested his head on John’s shoulder. His hand slipped into the comforting grip of John’s own as Mycroft returned their attention to the conversation at hand.
What he instead came home to was the sight of Sherlock sat on the floor, the same spot he had left him when he went to work that morning. Now, with a sleeve rolled up and a small box sat beside him with a syringe inside.
It was quiet for a moment, a pleading stare for this young man to tell such an intimate detail of his life without the slightest hint in his eyes that he wouldn’t spread this news to the rest of London while John was carted away for indecency.
John couldn’t help the slight huff he let out at that, although he covered it up with a cough and held Sherlock closer while he played with his bracelet. After all, it was not Sherlock’s fault that he didn’t know about what transpired earlier that day between him and Mycroft, yet he could not help the small pang of sadness that seemed to stab through him.
John soon shut his front door behind him with a sigh as he dropped the groceries to the floor and had to take a breath. He was certainly not going to be doing that again, no matter how much they needed a tin of beans.
He swiftly dove below the frigid water’s surface as John and Lestrade ran to the dock’s edge, only to see Sherlock not resurface and instead began to swim in the direction of the escapee at a rapid speed.
He despised how the offer began to grow more and more appealing the longer he pondered on it. A disposable income, a few rooms to himself that allowed him to wander about as he pleased… He felt a lump begin to grow in his throat as his hand slipped into his inner coat pocket and felt the gentle velvet box rub over his knuckles.
The movement was subtle, and many others would have claimed that there was nothing there, but the many years of attempting to avoid being shot at made him keenly paranoid of even the slightest movements.
“That is… um, well thank you, I think, as much as I enjoy the backhanded compliments and imprisonment in this hotel… Do you think it is possible to go now?”
He took a moment to sit Sherlock back down before he opened the bag beside it to pull out clothes and shoes that were about Sherlock’s size, but the mere sight of them did not cause Sherlock to become any happier.
His hand moved to fiddle with the delicate bracelet wrapped around his wrist, his shaking fingers wandered over the slight details, until he reached the clasp. He could so easily unclip it, throw it as far as he could to allow it to sink into the sea, and move on with his life, as if none of these events ever took place.
Nothing else needed to be said as Sherlock pulled John into his arms, his head quickly went to the crook of John’s neck. John let his hands rest on the man’s lower back and ran a hand up and down to soothe the shaking that he felt run along Sherlock’s spine.
He brought her upstairs to brush her teeth and tuck her in, a happy reading of some story about bees sent her to sleep with sweet dreams before John made his way to his own room. The soft bed looked almost too inviting for him to complete his own routine, but he relented and did what was needed before was able to retire to sleep.
“then for the love of God Lestrade, tell me!” He quickly rose to his feet and moved away from being pinned in the corner like a spider in a web, needing to have a breath from his irksome vagueness. “If you were truly concerned with the relationship between me and Holmes, then you had better give me a damned good reason to throw myself into the ocean and swim away now.”
The delicately made sandwiches and fruits were almost artful and seemed not to be made to eat. It rather reminded them both of small sculptures.
It was a quick relief to his quick forming headache, which was soon drawn away by the burning that pressed to his cheek as John pressed a cotton pad soaked in disinfectant to the newly formed coat he had placed on his cheekbone.
Sherlock soon pulled him from his thoughts with a gentle tap on his shoulder, giving him a slight smile that John returned after a few moments of pondering. “Alright, you may.”
John let out a small chuckle as he pulled Sherlock closer to him; Work was forgotten, breakfast was forgone, anything outside of their small bubble was unnecessary to remember as they soon fell asleep in the others arms.
What had brought John to his current circumstances, John could hardly recall his thought process that had brought him to his current circumstances when he had sat in his chair for the entirety of the night. His gaze locked upon the open window in front of him that exposed the cool night air to the little warmth his room still held.
Another bout of mumbling ensued for so long that he was able to go under the blanket again to catch the tail end of the sentence.
“Sherlock..” He let out a frustrated sigh and tucked his head underneath the blanket again and began to tug to free his arm. Little by little, Sherlock’s grip slowly loosened until eventually John just wanted to go to bed and forget about tonight, so he wrenched his arm free from his grasp.
“I miss you, Sherlock. I probably have no right to say this after everything that’s happened between us, but I do.”
He sat back down beside John and opened the kit up, a few minutes of staring at everything prompted John to intervene before they were there all night.
He began the tedious task of placing the food away, but barely got through most of the perishables before Sherlock stepped into the kitchen from his bedroom, which he obviously just awoke from even if it was already the middle of the day.
Sherlock could only smile as they began to make their way down the rest of the stairs, avoiding guards that carelessly passed them without a second glance towards the three men that clearly did not work there. None of them gave it a second thought when they reached the exit door and pushed it open.
Sherlock let out a small sigh as he pressed another kiss to his lips, hoping to convince him otherwise if he held it long enough, but that didn’t seem to work. “I know… I’ll try.”
The young merman inched just that bit closer to where their noses nearly touched. The gentle breath he left on John’s lips were enough to send a tremble through his spine. The small whisper that was the man’s voice was the only thing that could draw him in closer to listen.
The freezing water enveloped and soaked into his remaining clothing as he took a moment to get his bearings. It was then he noticed a familiar figure swimming towards him; those shifting scales, wild curls, and ice blue eyes that still managed to make him feel warm even in the frosty depths they both had found one another in.
Sherlock promptly fell asleep after that, again, to leave John spiraling in his own head at who Sherlock could possibly love. His parents? John never met them but he would probably never openly say it to them. Mycroft? Lord no, that would probably never be uttered out loud without a therapist present.
The unsettling feeling of his evident future seeming to fade for a short moment as he looked out at the men followed him so loyally, that was until the ship let out a loud groan as wood hit against wood that nearly threw them all off their balance.
A hand slipped away from Sherlock’s face and fell into his lap, which was quickly taken up by John’s own. The comforting warmth of John’s palm against his own left the rest of his anxiety to drain from his body, this allowed for a final comforting silence to spread its way through the room, where the only noise was their mingled breaths.
Sherlock hardly flinched when he heard him approach, and turned to look to him with a small smile on his lips. “Hello again.”
Sherlock gave a slight nod as he moved his hand further up his arm, taking moments to glance over him as if it was a game to see where his injury was compared to the nerves in his body. His eyes soon lit up as he placed his palm over his hidden wound, raising an eyebrow to john in an expecting manner to see if he was indeed right.
“Well, I don’t know what that could be, I do care about him, I know I do. The way I smile when I see him, I can feel myself become red when he speaks to me, and something inside me just seems to… flutter. It sounds so ridiculous, but It’s just a feeling that I…”
He soon stood up and picked up his glass of water, rinsing his mouth of the taste of him and spit it back before he went to look in the man’s pockets. The mix of blood, saliva, and water slowing dripped down the side of the glass as he went through the man’s coat till, he found a key to his cell.
“What?” All the air was shoved from his chest as he turned to watch his brother leave. The pain in his throat moved into his eyes, a burning he had never experienced before welled throughout his vision until it felt as though the sea had erupted from his sockets.
Sherlock remained mute as he kept his gaze on John’s forehead, his body soon moved back to its original position, Sherlock’s face now pressed into the crook of John’s neck.
Before either John or Mycroft knew what had happened, the table between them was kicked away from beneath their arms and the taller of the two was slammed against the mahogany walls with his arm twisted between his shoulder blades. the walls seemingly shook at such a rough blow against it and caused most of the pub to look to them.
It took every last morsel of his being to hold his composure as John turned away from him, passing Lestrade and his cabin,
Sherlock slowly turned to look at him, that same smile still on his face as his eyes began to wander over him.
I should quickly mention that these two have a somewhat established relationship in this chapter, but it has been muddled by the issue of John becoming more worried about him, and Sherlock wanting to be more independent in what he does.
John slowly raised his head to look to him, and to the sword. A small shiver ran through his back as he looked over the small details cut into the leather by undoubtedly Sherlock, he quietly cursed under his breath as how this was such a horrible idea as his hand gripped the sword and began to clip it to his waist.
They in a calm quiet for a moment, as Sherlock picked at the fruit, which he seemed to have a fondness for, until Sherlock decided to speak up over the sound of the waves.
He was about to sit down on the steps and give himself up as he couldn’t possibly think of a way out without certain needed materials, when a familiar voice pierced his ears in the echoed stairwell.
John let out a small groan as he turned on the light on his bedside table before he managed to pick up his phone. He was expecting a random late-night call from Sherlock, or perhaps even Mrs. Hudson calling to tell of her day. What he wasn’t expecting, nor wanting, was a call from Mycroft.
It took a moment for both men to gain their wits about them again, which seemed to be a great help to Sherlock’s mind set as he sat straight back up again to gather himself. John was not as level headed about the incident.
He returned a small smile to him until it was driven away by the sound of someone that called out to him. John turned back to the voice to see the jovial and familiar face of Mike Stamford that came almost barreling towards him.
A genuine smile grew on the captain’s face at his words as he reached his hand out to shake John’s. He took it somewhat hesitantly, feeling the long yet warm fingers wrap around his hand and calm his nerves at the gentle touch he received. “Wonderful, I can arrange for this to be your infirmary as it is spacious enough for much of the medicine and tools we’ve accumulated. Dinner should be soon so you will meet more of my men then; afterwards I’ll have my first mate show you your bunk.”
Mycroft took the opportunity for the question to linger in the air as he made his way to a nearby decanter, and poured himself a rather large glass of whiskey before he downed half of it on his way back to a chair close to John. The burning helped to sate the sudden need to be back in the water and away from this conversation.
Several others came after it, all seemingly aimed to crack in his skull as he endeavored to dodge them until he gripped the pole of the dock and meekly poked his head out of the water to see what was going on.
“Well yes, possibly, why do you think you find so many bodies washed ashore that none of you can identify?”
“I can… I can’t move it..” His cup soon fell from his hand and tea soaked into the carpet as he attempted to stand. His legs swiftly gave away from underneath him and he fell to the floor, Mrs. Hudson’s cries for help were the last things he heard before his vision went dark.
John had to take a deep breath to calm himself as the mindreading was not what he needed right now. At least he was still his same old, irritating self.
He moved to where he was sitting up more and looked up to him, it was only then that John realized Sherlock’s eyes were closed. “Sherlock, what are you… oh good lord, are you sleepwalking?”
John let out a small sigh as he pinched the bridge of his nose; this is not where he wanted to have this conversation. “Sherlock, I meant to speak to you about this earlier. You can’t just live off of… whatever it is you eat, if you eat every day at all. It can’t possibly be good for you in the future.”
“Observed? That seems a most preposterous way of seeing unknown information. What could you possibly have seen that led you to that conclusion?”
Either way, I do hope you enjoy and hope it is mostly accurate to what you had in mind. I may have missed a point or two, but overall I think it turned out alright.
He heard the man let out a few steadying breaths before he dared to look up again to face Sherlock. “I… I am sorry, I don’t know what came over me.”
I am completely basing Sherlock's want of children on the depictions I've seen of him. In each one he seems to have more of a soft spot for children and how how much he gets along with them compared to others around him
He could not seem to help the grin that appeared on his face as he made his way along the sea-stained wood, and sat down beside him.
“Good morning Sherlock how are you…” he stopped when he looked to see John underneath the covers, peeking from underneath them before he dived back down.
“Childish? I’m childish? You nearly crash a hole into my ship, you board it with your navy lackies, and expect me to act like this is a gentleman’s warfare? In every case, that makes you the childish one to think this would be so simple.” He soon slipped his sword back into his sheath, and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Both of you, stop it! Listen to me, even if we did not catch him, we have still solved this. He ran, and like you said Holmes, there is no other possible suspect.”
Sherlock stood there for a moment before he held him back, wrapping his arms around him as his face quickly pressed into the man’s shoulder. A trembling that started in his shoulders and moved throughout his entire body when he registered that he truly was with him again.
He let out a broken sigh as his sight must beginning to go as well as his nerves. He settled back down on the dock; his cane mockingly laid beside him as he gazed down into the water that waded in against a barnacle covered pole. It must have just been a bundle of seaweed is all, a clump of weeds that were sucked away by the current when he looked away.
“Oh, I wouldn’t know if we did, I’ve never seen one. I mainly try to read books that I find, they do help quite a bit.” He drew his attention back to the book that resided beside him and handed it to John. It was still soaked in water, but the sun had already dried a few parts of it off.
He was greeted with a smiling face, a bandaged hand waving to him as he sat down next to the captain. the significant difference in their posture being much more obvious now that they sat nearly shoulder to shoulder.
He only received a nod in return, Sherlock made quick work of the pads and went to throw them away when John grabbed his hand. “Sherlock, please sit down. We’ll worry about those later.”
“… are done with your little premonition?” He made his way to the cabin door, yanked it open with all the strength he had in his arm and gestured Lestrade to make a swift exit through it. “If so, would you kindly get out? I know I hold no authority over you, but please leave.”
“Yes Lestrade, because as a qualified doctor, I would go against my instincts to operate on him in an environment I can control and instead send him to a diseased hospital that is most likely too far away for him to get there in time. Now, do not question me and help me pick him up.”
Greg could not help but notice similarities John had taken to Sherlock as they lifted him up; neither of them mentioned that he felt so light that either one of them could have carried him on their own.
A small smile grew on John’s face at hearing that. He couldn’t be more relieved to hear that Sherlock was able to keep himself busy without work, he hated the idea of what Sherlock might get up to if he didn’t.
John could hardly contain the scream that wanted to leave his throat as he dragged Sherlock by the arm back to the living room to sit him down in his chair.
“You’ve hurt yourself really badly, Sherlock. We’re going to take you to the hospital to see how serious the damage is, okay?” He hardly noticed that his hand moved to rest on top of Sherlock’s, the stark difference in warmth between their skin seemed to urge John to hold it.
A small lump grew in his throat as he hesitantly lifted himself onto the dock until he sat beside John, with enough distance between them should he be the reason for John’s anger.
They both let out a sigh in unison, but made no attempt to release one another from each other’s arms. It wasn’t until Sherlock rested his head back on John’s shoulder that he finally decided to speak up.
Sherlock turned to face him as the glimpse of what John could describe as an absolute flicker of passion shown in the man’s eyes as the moon reflected over his pale skin. The look sent the feeling of flutters along his chest, a look that he knew he wouldn’t soon forget.
“Ah, well if that’s the case we have a wonderful selection of necklaces and bracelets over here.” He led John over to the glass counter he stood behind and pointed to a few through the glass.
Sherlock turned to hold a finger to his lips as he slipped away from John and swam deeper within the water. It was then that John took the opportunity to look beneath him at how deep the ocean had become as they swam further out from shore, to where he couldn’t possibly see the bottom.
“So if I supposedly do join your crew, I refuse to take part in whatever just occurred out there.” He waved his hand in the general direction of where his ship last resided, and looked out the closest window for a moment to notice that it was no longer there.
“Gentlemen, I’m afraid I must retire early tonight. Do continue and do not stay up until the ungodly hours of morning, good evening.”
“Oh, I have to apologise, this is the first time I’ve been charged with treason so you’ll have to forgive me awhile adjust, you feckless bastard!” He attempted to take a running start towards Mycroft with the intent to hurt him, bruise him, beat him to a bloody pulp until his knuckles were raw and the man in front of him was nothing more than a mangled pile of crushed bone and exposed flesh.
“Are you both mad? First, he jumps in and doesn’t even come up to breathe, then you just follow him blindly? You are a doctor, and you know very well the risk of jumping into that water!”
Victor watched as Sherlock bit down on his thumbnail seemingly to contain the pure joy he had when he thought about this human he had only met few days ago, he could hardly blame him for it however, he had never seen his friend so happy in all their lives together.
None of what he said seemed to help however, as Sherlock merely looked away from him for a moment. John didn’t realise how much his words affected him until he saw Sherlock’s Adam’s apple tremble in his throat.
I actually had to trim the original summary down so what you originally said at the end is hilariously ringing true to life, so if any other readers would like to know the full context, they'll be able to find it in the comments in chapter 1.
John only sat down once he noticed the slight shaking of Sherlock’s back; the movement was horribly unnatural to watch him carry out and it resulted in John’s hand resting comfortably in the center. It seemed to calm him slightly.
So i know I said that last week's chapter a kind of short, so I've seemed to compensate by making this one almost 3,000 words. In reality, this took me weeks to write but we won't talk about that ;)
“He… For the past few days, every time I came here, he’s been here to meet me. He actually wants to speak to me about my interests, he wants to
They went quiet for a moment, and John just knew he had said the wrong thing when Sherlock let out what was akin to a snort as he moved to press a kiss to him before he slipped back down into the water.
He had just about made it to the dock, the light of the day nearly gone along with his hope that John would still be there, when a rock dropped down into the water next to his head and swiftly sunk to the ocean floor.
He gripped the door handle and was about to pull it open when Lestrade gripped his wrist. John looked down at their connected hands, and was about to cock his fist back and finally get this man away from him when Lestrade held up a sheathed sword to block him.
He felt himself nearly leap from his skin when he looked into the water to see a dark tail pass underneath his reflection. The animal it belonged to must’ve been an absolute behemoth of a creature to possess such a tail. Perhaps it was a dolphin that had been washed into the dock, or possibly even a shark.
“Alright, we need to move quickly and quietly. The ship isn’t far from here and we should be able to make it back without being spotted.”
“Fuuck Sherlock- Oh God you feel amazing…” He spoke with what little breath he had as Sherlock seemed to give it his all after his little comment. His free hand that wasn’t holding john’s legs apart moved to fondle his balls as his head moved back for his tongue to run over John’s head before moving back down.
The man simply rolled his eyes and shook his head, a slight look of disdain glancing over his face before he could right his expression once again. “It’s a warning, john. If I were you, I’d find the quickest way off this ship before my guess comes to fruition.”
The bullet left its chamber just as Sherlock turned to see John fire, he had to go now, this was the only time. If he calculated correctly, the guard aimed for his head but it would likely hit his neck.
He decided to ignore this spying creature and looked back towards Sherlock, his free hand moved to run over the merman’s exposed back and kept his eyes on the rock. They never left to stone or the person that peeked over it as they laid together on the small, isolated dock in each other’s arms.
“mm, most of us would rather have the alternative. We know if we don’t stay around, you won’t touch anything on that plate.”
He moved to bury his face within the already heated skin of John’s shoulder, rapid kisses were pressed here and there until he felt that familiar heat that settled within his lower abdomen. A locked spring coiled within his stomach, ready to burst at any moment, his hips pressed impossibly closer. It was only when he heard the rapid groaning that John released into his ear that he felt himself release into his lover’s hand, John was not far behind from his own orgasm, and soon fell to lay beside Sherlock when he had done so.
“Thank you, Sherlock. I know this wasn’t easy. How about we go downstairs and order takeout for supper?”
“It’s just a few things I noticed about you… You carry the somewhat atypical dexterity of a doctor; it was fairly easy to see from the way you made the sandwiches and cut the fruit. You also have stitching on your coat that shows a common surgical stitch that you would likely know.”
He glanced up from his phone for a moment as he heard an ambulance drive past his house, the noise was surely going to wake up Rosie soon.
“Sherlock there’s nothing stupid about this. I was only a phone call away, why didn’t you at least try to text me?”
Sherlock quickly shook his head and tucked his head against his chest as if he was a small child. The reaction only reminded him of how Sherlock reacted to walking outside in the cold without his Jacket.
John couldn’t help but admire the gentle curve of the man’s back as he leaned over the countertop, the pleasant elegance in the way his tail seemed to trail the eye down was a little too bold for John and he turned his attention back to setting down his stuff.
Sherlock was just about to give a light knock on it when he heard John murmuring something on the other side. He let out a small sigh as he knew this was invading his personal space, but he had to know what was going on with him, and so he slowly turned the door knob and pushed the door open just a crack.
John needed to take in a breath at his explanation. Not only due to the lack of air in his lungs from their kiss, but also from the possibility of what could happen; They had only known one other one or two days, yet they had already likely shown one another more intimacy than many married couples in London had. It hardly seemed to matter how intimate this new action was.
The guard stared at him for just a moment longer than was necessary before he reached into his pocket to grab one, and held it out to him. Sherlock happily accepted, and waited for him to light it before he took in a deep drag and relished in the smoke filling his lungs after so long.
“Sherlock!” He turned from the disappointing jar and slammed the cabinet door a little too hard as he went to find him. Maybe if he got it through Sherlock’s surprisingly thick skull that you don’t leave body parts around for your flat mate to find, he could finally have some peace.
Sherlock let out a soft sigh and gave in to the pleading voice that John could muster. A few more of the gentle breaths touched John’s skin before his lips wrapped around him, and a shockwave of pleasure rushed through John at the feeling of Sherlock’s full bowed lips wrapped around him.
The way Sherlock’s expression shifted, the way his eyes squinted, his eyebrows drew together, and Sherlock physically moved away from him at his words were some of the few expressions he wished he had never caused him.
His daily stroll that had been instructed by his physician seemed to draw all his focus to the dull pain that coursed through each nerve ending in his leg and never allowed him to see many more details besides the passing glances he received as he walked to find an isolated seat from prying eyes.
“Hello Mr. Holmes, I have some good news for you. It turns out that your spinal injury merely caused some swelling between your vertebrae, which has caused some temporary paralysis and numbness to your arms and legs,” She looked up from her clipboard to see the arm that was already placed on John’s back, and smiled to herself.
The train station is at the edge of the town, not far from its industrial estate. This is where John leads them.
John settles into an armchair and picks up the novel he brought. “If you weren’t curious I’d be asking you who you were and what you’d done with the real Sherlock.”
says John’s body language. Yes. More practice is needed. And more time close to John, too. They have no tension between them when they’re like this.
“No,” Sherlock replies. His stomach rumbles again. “One breakfast is enough,” he says, as if he’s trying to convince himself.
“There were four wolves, or maybe five. They came at us out of nowhere, too quickly to count. They took down two men straight away. The wolves bit them, and the snipers shot them while they were changing and vulnerable. I think we shot two of the wolves. Another one bit me and the bullet got me as I fell. If I’d fallen a different way it would’ve gone straight through my head or my neck.”
He’s not sure how or when the cocaine started. Perhaps it was at a house party, invited by a boastful student who had a bet that they could get the tall, cold-looking one with the terrifying dog to come. Or perhaps it was his own idea, as his mind slowly tried to tear itself to pieces and Nyx lay in the corner growling softly at nothing. Those were the bad days.
Sherlock stares at him incredulously. It’s times like these that John joins the ranks of everyday idiots.
The human part of him understands. But he doesn’t want to change back. He’s having so much fun like this. His human body doesn’t have half as much fun. And John is an excellent packmate. And he’s so tired. He could just sleep, right n——
“How come you don’t like storms?” Ah yes, that was it. John is always intrigued by the details of Sherlock’s past, particularly his childhood.
If he didn’t have him pinned in place with the comb Sherlock would be long gone. John prepares to run after him if he bolts.
John is dressed for bed; he was only waiting up for Sherlock. He settles himself under the covers, facing out towards the room as he always does. Sherlock moves to sit at John’s desk. The only light in the room comes from the open skylight. John closes his eyes, then opens them to look at Sherlock, then closes them again. Sherlock feels his wolf calm as John calms. Why must his wolf be so in sync with these sticky emotions?
John wakes softly in the morning, rising with the sun as it spills through the bedroom window. A quick glance into the other bedroom reveals Sherlock asleep at last, sprawled out over his pillow, shoved beneath him lengthways. John pads downstairs to make himself breakfast. Sherlock won’t be up for a few hours yet.
John sighs. Sherlock can be absurdly stubborn, but John can see where he’s coming from. Sadly, he doesn’t have an empirical way to convince Sherlock that accepting his wolf is the best thing for him.
It’s everything all at once. Both Nyx and Sherlock instantly relax, and John too. It feels so intimate, it feels so vulnerable. It isn’t repulsion or disgust. It feels so good. Sherlock smiles, and Nyx’s eyes shine like they haven’t for years. They both know: never again will they experience the pain of boarding school or the lows of university. Now it isn’t just Sherlock and Nyx, struggling along together. Now it’s Sherlock and Nyx and John.
Sherlock is pleased. This will be rather useful for cases. They cross the road and enter the park. John is keeping a close eye on Sherlock.
Lestrade to come around at all hours with cases. At this point he’d take a simple jewellery robbery if it would stop his skin from crawling. And then when he’s proved just how invaluable he is, when he’s built himself a reputation, he’ll have the luxury of being selective, only picking the best cases, the best brain-teasers. With a reputation like that, it won’t be long until he attracts the notice of London’s criminal underworld, and then things will
Slowly he slides his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, around and behind his ear, where John always suffered his own migraines. He keeps his touch light, but not so light it’s ticklish. Sherlock’s tense form relaxes just a little. His curls feel so soft slipping through John’s fingers. If he’s honest, he’s wanted to do this for — well, for ages, now. Sherlock has always been more hands-on with John, more in his personal space than John would dare to be.
“Foreign pack,” John says. “London’s full of them. Very aggressive. It’s a completely different culture, where they’re from.” He pauses to think, absently fingers the gauze on his neck. “London isn’t the best place for a Were. What are we going to do with you?”
Sherlock makes a noise of pure irritation normally reserved for Anderson, stands up, grabs John's shoulders and kisses him soundly.
Arriving back from a run one evening, Sherlock jumps in the shower to rinse off the sweat and warm his wind-chilled skin. After a few minutes, he hears the bathroom door open and he’s joined by a beautifully naked John. He pulls him into his arms, under the spray.
He’s here to think, but under the weight of his new revelation, John spends the next day steadfastly avoiding thinking about anything to do with Sherlock at all. This proves tricky, because every part of him misses being home at Baker Street, misses being with Sherlock. He thinks about how he wants to go home and just hold Sherlock in his arms.
He rounds the next corner just in time to see a huge grey wolf leap out of the shadows into Sherlock’s path and sink its tremendous teeth into his side. Sherlock’s hoarse cry of pain is covered by John’s gunshot. The wolf falls, a seeping dark hole punched between its eyes.
Sherlock wiggles his hips again, grinds back against John’s hardness. He brushes his fingers along his own erection, feather-light. There’s a half-asleep groan behind him. Sherlock rolls over, presses their groins together.
“This time, when you connect to it, hold on. And keep holding on. Imagine being your wolf, in your wolf’s body.”
Connecting to his wolf to hone in on the moon was hard, and he’s still not sure how he did it. He knows that trying to maintain that connection will be even harder than initiating it. But he thrives on a challenge.
He puts his book to one side and gets up to serve them dinner. Sherlock follows to sit at the kitchen table. He brings his sheet music, always unable to sit and eat and only focus on one thing.
He makes his way upstairs. He settles into bed and gets comfy enough to doze, but his rest is fitful. After a while, a noise wakes him completely. What was it? The back door opening downstairs. He keeps listening. He doesn’t hear it close.
(He would wait until night, because the nurses on the night shift are incompetent and lazy. He would wait until the worst of his withdrawal was over, if he could, because then they’d check on him less often. If not, he’d wait until those still, nothingy hours around 4am or 5am. Swiping a key card would be child’s play. And from there it would be simple, only a matter of avoiding Mycroft once he was out.)
He pounces. John neatly dodges. Sherlock rolls over himself, spins around, but John is already flying at him. They crash to the ground together, rolling over and over. He scrabbles with his back legs in an attempt to fling John off him. A car somewhere outside the park backfires, and Sherlock loses his concentration. John nips his throat to let him know he’s lost, then climbs off. He scrambles up and huffs. He’s not this bad at fighting in human form.
“It’s not stupid. It’s intelligent in a different way. It can see in the dark better than you and hear much more and run faster and for longer and hunt and track. All those abilities function better than they could in your human form.”
He slides a hand into the soft fur on Sherlock’s chest and Sherlock decides that yes, he’s settled now. This feels lovely, just as he expected.
Sherlock studies the scratches on John’s neck and decides they’ll only need a little gauze taped over them.
John hovers awkwardly for a moment, then leaves. He gets up. He was sticky before he fell asleep, but now the residue is dry and pulling on his skin. He shuffles to the bathroom, but decides to just wash at the sink rather than take a shower.
. They play-fight. Sherlock tackles him back, gets back to his feet. He leaps at John. John puts up half a fight but lets him win. Pinned to the ground, Sherlock’s teeth at his upturned throat, he’s satisfied. He wants to make him happy.
John considers getting out the bottle of whisky they have in the cupboard. But maybe not. The current situation — Sherlock’s horrible migraine earlier, the relaxed and happy atmosphere now — will make him want to tell Sherlock things he’s not sure he wants Sherlock to know. Of course, it’s Sherlock; he’ll find out eventually. But John’s made it this far. He’ll leave the whisky in the cupboard and delay the inevitable. Watching a Bond film is a safer option and, with Sherlock, a funnier one.
Sherlock rolls onto his back, breath coming in short pants. He usually tries to deal with this kind of thing quickly and efficiently, or just ignores it, but if it’s always like that from now on, well. That would be preferable.
The rain continues during and after dinner, getting gradually heavier. John hopes it will have stopped by tomorrow night. His wolf doesn’t mind, of course, but he isn’t particularly fond of changing back into a wet human body. Their evening is quiet: the fire, the violin for Sherlock, his book for John. He retires to bed early and suggests that Sherlock do the same, since they’ll be up all of tomorrow night. Again, he leaves the curtains open. The storm clouds make his bedroom darker than it was the previous night. He settles in and drifts off to sleep.
John gets up. He doesn’t have his gun with him. He hopes he won’t be needing it. No sign of Sherlock downstairs. He would’ve heard if he’d come upstairs.
Long minutes later then break apart to breathe, hips still slowly pushing against each other. Pleasure is coiling low and slow in John’s belly.
Back at his laptop, with his dry cereal, he checks out the contents of the USB. Video files. He clicks on one at random, and a grainy CCTV video opens up. John recognises the location as the entrance of the small street leading to the depot. The timestamps on the videos range from around three days before Sherlock’s kidnapping to the whole of last night. Hours and hours of footage, which will take forever to run through, but that’s probably his best chance at the moment to help Sherlock. He decides to start at last night, and sets the footage to play in double time.
He goes upstairs. He’s going to sleep in his wolf form in the nice, comfy bed that smells of both him and his packmate. Sherlock follows him up and goes into the bathroom to do the things humans do before going to bed. When he comes out again and makes for his own room, John takes his hand in his mouth (gently, like a mother wolf carrying her pup). Sherlock is confused. John guides him to his bedroom. He wants to stick close to his packmate. Sherlock’s understanding blooms visibly.
Eventually John pulls away. The room has darkened with the setting sun, now lit only by the orange flicker of the fire. Sherlock reaches out to brush the edges of John’s hair, glowing golden. John smiles and turns his head to kiss his hand.
Sherlock is silent and still. After a minute of thought he brings his violin up to his chin and practises his fingering, bow arm staying at his side. The quiet twang of the strings as they’re pressed and released is clear in the hush.
John is quiet, as if he knows exactly what’s going on in Sherlock’s head and is perfectly happy to await the conclusion.
In his room he can hear the wind howling through the trees. The rain lashes against the window. He rolls over with a huff. It may be sensible to go to bed this early, but that doesn’t make it easy to fall asleep. He doesn’t know how long he spends staring into the darkness of his room, but it must be approaching an hour. His wolf whines.
The case goes smoothly, easily, dragged out by the complexity of its hidden clues. At last they tumble back home. Sherlock is triumphant, buzzing with success. His wolf is alert and running happy circles in his head. John is exhausted (Sherlock kept him awake a lot) but still grinning at Sherlock’s genius, praising him. It makes Sherlock glow. He feels the praise thrumming through his veins. But then John announces that he’s going to bed to sleep for the next three days, and Sherlock’s warm glow is dimmed by a rush of disappointment. It takes him a while to process (emotions were never his forte). John is in bed, and Sherlock is ready for bed but still alight with energy when his disappointment slots into place.
Sherlock slowly turns from the map he’s studying to face John. John’s eyes are full of understanding. I’ll go and get my gun, he says. Sherlock stops him, grabs his arm as he turns to go. He can’t get a question out. He can’t ask why, or how, or when. John sees him struggling.
Sherlock is tight and warm around his fingers. John can feel his internal muscles shifting and moving as he rolls his hips. And God, he has his fingers
“What?” John raises a hand to his face. Oh. The cuts. They’re hardly there anymore, just three pale red lines. “No. No, that was… It wasn’t Sherlock. He wouldn’t.”
Dating hasn’t been that successful lately, and when Sherlock states things like that and John finds himself looking forward to them, he can see why. Nor has he missed dating. He has plenty of fun and excitement in his life with Sherlock; the rest he can take care of himself. Nor does he miss romance. He knows why, but he doesn’t think about that. His therapist might have something to say to that. But it’s fine. It’s all fine.
“The owner is coming at midday to check the place over and collect the keys,” John says. “You need to get up and packed.”
They race off on the case again the next morning, once John decides that Sherlock is rested enough. It’s a confusing web of family ties and forbidden marriages and broken deals in the criminal underworld that John can barely keep up with as Sherlock tears through it in a frankly impressive three days. When they get back home John simmers down Sherlock’s post-case high with food and tea, checks his bite wound (healing well, beginning to scar at the edges) and puts him to bed.
They’d been here. But where had they taken Sherlock after? John spends over a quarter of an hour trying to find any trace of Sherlock that he can. There’s nothing in the depot. At last he lets out a frustrated growl. His human side forces him to make a note of the exact location of the depot as he slinks out and down the dark alleys towards home.
He shuffles closer and presses up behind John, chest glued to back, knees tucked into the gap behind knees, feet pressed tops to bottoms. He wraps an arm around John's middle. John instantly relaxes with a happy sigh and leans back a little against him. It's almost perfect.
John pulls down two glasses and the bottle of whisky and pours two fingers for both of them. Sherlock is frowning at him.
No. Not that. That is territory he does not want to go into right now. Time to change back. Sherlock focuses very hard on what it feels like to be in his human body.
Confused exclamations from the path. John leads, leaping out onto the path into the beam of their torch. He’s puffed up, intimidating. Sherlock jumps out after him.
John tidies up the medical supplies and makes sure Sherlock is lying on the sofa before he leaves. He’ll probably get up again the second John’s out the front door, but at least he tried.
“I don’t know,” he says to John. “It’s not up yet. Do we have to do this?” The novelty is wearing off already.
‘We’ll find him’. It’s such an empty platitude. There’s a good chance they will find him; that’s not what worries John. What worries him is what state they’ll find him in.
“You may have moaned it a few times,” he breathes. John’s praise in bed (or in the shower) is everything he needs. He craves it.
“You did. You still do. In your human body. Your wolf doesn’t understand the world in the same way. Different things are important to it.”
“We can’t be sure that Mycroft has called his men off,” John replies, “but I promise we’ll go out tomorrow. Shall we order from Angelo’s?”
“One final change. Then we can go back to London and you can go back to pissing off the police and chasing down criminals for another month.”
John laughs. “No, changing when slightly drunk would be a bad idea. You need to be completely focused. Especially the first time.”
“Am I a Were now?” Sherlock asks. He only trusts John with this question. He would never have asked Mycroft.
“I don’t know. I think he might have been upset.” He slumps in his armchair. “Look, how do we know he hasn’t just gone into hiding for a few days? Maybe he needs some time alone.”
John spreads the lube between his thighs, lifts a leg slightly, reaches back to urge Sherlock’s hips forwards. He closes his thighs around Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock gasps, shifts his hips a bit, moans.
They were on a case. David Finchley had asked Sherlock to find out who had taken his engagement ring just days before he was going to propose to his partner. Boring. Sentiment. The culprit had turned out to be his half-brother, Thomas. Jealousy. Dull. He’d run away when they went to his apartment to confront him. They’d chased him down alleys. John had been behind. God, his head hurts so much.
“I had a girlfriend in uni who used to get these terrible headaches,” John whispers. “This would soothe them a bit. Darkening the room helped too.”
“Of course I was.” John starts pacing. “We need to do something about your brother. He’s persistent. If he’s tried this once he’ll try it again. We can’t have you going to that place.”
God, he’ll never get bored of this. Sherlock kisses him with so much need. His arm wraps around John to pull him closer, his hand roams over John’s chest, almost hesitantly, as if he’s not sure where he’s allowed to touch. John rests a hand on Sherlock’s knee and slowly slides it up his thigh. Sherlock’s muscles tense under his hand and he makes a quiet noise into John’s mouth. He is just licking along Sherlock’s beautiful, full lower lip when the car draws to a stop.
There are a few seconds of silence from Mycroft. John feels his blood boiling. The silence stretches just slightly too long.
Sherlock spins around to look at him, normal Sherlockian curiosity back in his eyes for the first time today.
They put the shopping away once they’re back. Sherlock had enjoyed the cosy atmosphere at the pub — it made him feel warm and enclosed, and settled his wolf too — and he wants to replicate it now, so he starts filling the fireplace with wood and kindling.
He has never felt so surrounded by John. He kisses back hungrily, arching his body up against John’s, clinging to his arms, trying to get as much contact as possible. They both feel his muscles shift around John’s cock as he arches, and both groan into their kiss. Neither of them can hold back after that. John pulls back, slides out to the head of his cock. The slide is strange to begin with, but as John slides back in deep, Sherlock moans. It feels so intimate to be that close to him. Together they get a rhythm going: deep, slow thrusts that make him tremble. John’s hands run over his legs, up his sides, over his chest, warming his already flushed skin. Sherlock breaks their kiss, pants, tips his head back. John kisses and sucks down his neck and he moans his pleasure, watching the orange rays of the sunrise fill the room through half-lidded eyes. John is murmuring against his neck now, telling him he feels amazing, hot and tight, and he looks beautiful, and he makes gorgeous sounds, and Sherlock melts under John’s praise. He wraps his limbs around John, tries to pull him closer, runs his hands down John’s back. John’s strong hands slide to his hips and hitch them up. The angle changes, and he arches, gasping and moaning. John’s answering smile is breathless and triumphant and just the right amount of smug to drive Sherlock wild.
In Sherlock’s room, John strips down to his underwear and carefully gets into bed, wincing slightly. Sherlock stands awkwardly in the doorway, feeling like a stranger in his own room, until John motions for him to join him.
Suddenly he is afraid. This sounds like an incredibly important conversation. Their entire future may hinge on it. He needs to tread carefully.
He often looks smug after making Sherlock come. Sherlock thinks smug John is beautiful and dominant and sexy as hell.
They gradually come down from their high, John's hips still working slightly. Sherlock's inner muscles flutter against his cock, drawing quiet moans from both of them. John stills and looks down at his new lover.
They go out to confront the criminals together, and things are so much better as a fully communicating team. Sherlock knows now why he and John have always been a good team, and he wonders how he could have missed the fact that John understood Nyx but wasn’t letting on. Still, they are outnumbered, even with a wolf dog and a gun, and he comes home victorious but battered and bruised. John helps him up to the flat and Nyx follows behind, limping from an injury that’s not on her body. Sherlock’s cuts and scrapes are cleaned up, ice is placed on his bruises, and John puts him into bed. Nyx ungracefully hops up beside him.
And he also thinks he’ll enjoy it more if he can be in his wolf form, following his wolf instincts, while John is in his human form.
But no. He can’t. John doesn’t want it. It was just their instincts running high. Just their wolves. Or just John’s, at least. He knows it was more than that for him.
“You weren’t here, John.” That wasn’t what Sherlock meant to say, and he certainly didn’t mean for it to sound so vulnerable.
“John,” Sherlock says, leaning against the door for support, “if you keep looking at me like that I’ll never make it to the shower.”
John sighs exasperatedly. “The tweezers are in the bathroom, Sherlock. I’m sure you know what to do with them.”
“If you want to have an argument with Mycroft then you’ll need all your faculties. It’s late. Get some sleep.”
Sherlock doesn’t hear Nyx again until he’s shocked back alive by the paramedics, on a filthy alleyway floor. All the paramedics hear are angry barks and growls, but Sherlock hears Nyx’s shouts, cursing him for killing them, however briefly, laying on every insult she can think of, letting Sherlock know just how stupid he’s been. A bewildered police sergeant looks on as the overdose case he stumbled across smiles at the dog (or is it a wolf?) and then tells Lestrade that he shouldn’t marry his fiancée because she’s a lying cheat. Then both he and the dog slip into unconsciousness at the very same moment.
It isn’t the first time John has said his name. Sherlock lifts his head and rolls onto his belly. He’d been dozing, daydreaming about running in open fields with John.
It gets harder to remember then. There was a gunshot, but he can’t remember Thomas Finchley going down. Had he been shot himself? He remembers pounding down the alleyway, yellow eyes shining suddenly out of the darkness, but that can’t be right, because no human being has eyes that shade. He remembers pain. Confusion. John, looking panicked.
John takes him outside and round the back of 221. There’s a tiny yard where they keep the bins with an even tinier lean-to that barely merits the title of shed. This is where they will change, private, unobserved. Together they cram into the minuscule shed and start to strip. Sherlock realises that they haven’t been naked together since the shower. He’s almost sure the air is humming. John, usually unfazed by nakedness, looks awkward and embarrassed, and quickly changes into wolf form. Sherlock follows suit. Again, this time, it’s easier.
“Maybe if she learnt to get on with the animal she’d feel better.” He slides Sherlock a significant look.
He knows that, of course. He wonders if John is actually trying to warn himself, but more figuratively speaking.
John settles in to read his book. Sherlock finishes his apple and throws the core onto the cold ashes of the fire.
The smoker walks around behind him, boots scuffing on the rough concrete floor. There is a sound that Sherlock can now identify perfectly: the whispering drag of the whip being picked up, the crackle of it being flexed. He could identify that sound blind, upside down, in a thunderstorm, under water, anywhere. Despite the chill, sweat prickles out on his face and neck, like needles. Long seconds of stillness pass, and it’s almost worse than being struck. He knows, he
This comment was clearly amusing to Mycroft as a melodious chuckle escaped his throat and he took a sip of his whiskey when the drinks arrived. “I occupy a minor position in the British government. It hardly gives me a remarkable social standing. I decided to bring you here because I believe you know my brother.”
He didn’t need to focus on the matter, Lestrade was just protective of his friend. That was all, yes, just protective.
Sherlock let out a small chuckle and shook his head as he took another bite of fruit. “I quite like it. Doctor John Watson, it sounds very important.”
The metallic tang of blood in his mouth rushed to filled his senses as the guard cried out and attempted to pull his finger from his mouth. Sherlock quickly released his grip on them and kicked him away, unintentionally into the stone wall where he hit his head and fell to the floor.
“I don’t… I don’t know Greg.. He fell really far. I’m concerned that he may have done serious damage to his spinal cord, but they’d need to do scan for that when they get him to the hospital…”
Sherlock slowly became aware of the painfully bright lights that hovered above him as he was moved throughout the corridor on a gurney. The attempts to move in his fingers proved to be little and weak, his entire body felt just the same.
“What’s going on? Do not tell me you are as daft as you make yourself out to be with that question! The issue is so simple, even
He was just about ready to leave, when he turned back to pick up the book, he had read last night. Perhaps it wasn’t very interesting or he could not understand it, although that idea was pushing it, but he never could finish it. Perhaps
John quietly laid in bed later that night with Sherlock in his arms, the gentle sound of the man’s breathing did little to ease the anxiety that sat like a stone in his stomach.
Sherlock let out a light sigh as he set his toast down, his face was hardly melancholy as she often left them on their own, yet he did his best to quell his excitement.
Mycroft had found himself stood somewhat back from the current agony that took place, as he couldn’t stomach to watch this. “This process is not an easy one, it isn’t as though there is a puff of smoke and everything is perfectly in order. Muscles must be ripped apart and shifted, bones are broken and regrown. It is often many a merfolk dies from this procedure.”
The two met one another’s lips with an unbridled passion that lead to Sherlock wrapping his arms around the expanse of John’s back. It was hardly shocking when John lifted Sherlock from the dock with ease to sit him in his lap, the abandoned velvet box was soon stripped of its contents and was now settled on Sherlock’s wrist.
Sherlock merely hummed at the vague enough answer, instead occupying himself with removing John’s shirt. He let his hands mimic the man’s previous movements over his chest, stopping to let his thumb massage over his wound with care now they had their privacy. He soon leaned forward, pressing gentle kisses to the scarred skin, enjoying the sigh that John let out at the touches.
He felt a twinge of pain at his disappearance until he was greeted with a gentle tap to his shoulder. He grunted and made the effort to stand up, his cane irritatingly gripped underneath his digits as he greeted the man behind him with a happy smile.
The soft voice of the man behind him soon came closer as John felt a hand rest upon his shoulder, causing the man to nearly burn through his skin into a puddle on the floor. Surely this man could not know the extent to which his touches did to him, he himself certainly didn’t and they only seemed to grow every moment.
“Fine! Just give me a moment…” John listened intently as he heard the sound of sloshing water and the light sound of Sherlock walking across the floor to dry off before he made his way to the door.
John gave him a soft smile and nodded. A gentle pat to Sherlock’s knee and he was down and back up those steps within ten minutes with their food.
Sherlock let out a small growl escape his throat as he remembered just how excruciating talking to him was. He looked up just when Mycroft took a step towards him, Sherlock’s sword was drawn quickly with the tip just barely pressed into Mycroft’s intricately designed waistcoat.
He happily accepted it when he didn’t realise he was dying for one. The man helped light the cigarette and he took in a long puff of it, the smoke pooled within his throat and lungs in a heavenly burn until he let the smoke escape his lips.
“Gentlemen, I have to congratulate you on a bountiful plunder of another of the king’s ships! I think this calls for a clap of thunder to celebrate the bounty and the arrival of our new doctor, John Watson.” There was a loud cheer and the clinking of glasses, along with the expected glances over to the newest member of the crew, a fact John didn’t appreciate but gave them a friendly enough wave anyway.
Other than that, please do suggest anything. Trust me, If I do feel uncomfortable with your suggestion, I will calmly let you know. Though, that likely will not be much an issue.
John could feel Sherlock’s grip on him tighten at Mycroft’s words, the complete lack of empathy he held in his own voice for his sibling did not help the sickening feeling that began to settle in his stomach.
He couldn’t explain why the sudden urge to stay up until two in the morning was so attractive to him, especially due to the multiple exhausting days he’d suffered through at the clinic, but it was finally his few days off and he was now on autopilot as he scrolled through some random website he’d found earlier that day.
A small smirk grew on his face as he made his way back to John and cleared his throat and watched John lower his hands. He watched as John stared a him for another moment before he covered his eyes again.
It went quiet except for the sound of Sherlock’s heart, which seemed to try to beat out of his chest. He could only watch as Victor’s face contorted from confusion to aversion, until it slowly returned to normal at the sight of Sherlock’s distress.
Sherlock didn’t have to nod, and it wasn’t like he could. The look in his eyes told John enough that he obviously wanted John to stay with him.
An unusually high pitched gasp left Sherlock as his hand tightened in his curls, his hips soon thrusting to meet John’s strokes as he grew closer and closer to his orgasm until he spilled over. The sight of Sherlock seemingly lost in ecstasy at just the touch of John against him was enough to follow him over the edge soon after with an almost pained groan in his throat.
Lestrade looked up again after gaining back his energy from his tirade, only to see Sherlock standing perfectly still with a thousand-yard stare. His gaze moved directly past Lestrade, as if he didn’t even want to look at him.
John only shook his head as he placed the weapon where it rightfully belonged. “I was never good with hand-to-hand combat. I always preferred a firearm.”
“Well, thankfully it wasn’t swollen so we don’t to worry about that… Sherlock, you can let go of me now.”
The pathway back to the dock was mapped with worry and anxiety as John carefully traveled back to it and was relieved to see Sherlock sat at the end of the dock, and calmly ran his fingers through his still soaked curls.
He watched as this merman turned his head just slightly, as if he was confused by his response to this new discovery. This marvel of a creature was openly sitting in the public, when it could so easily be taken by someone with a less savory intent.
The smile that he received in return was almost worth the pain that seemed to spread through every limb he had, and he did his best to return the gesture.
He gently waved a hand in front of his eyes, which they hardly moved to follow. At some point John was going to call the nurse when Sherlock stopped his moving hand and held it.
That final question was enough to turn himself away from his inner thoughts and into the reality of his situation once again. His hand had ceased its light strokes in favour of something more rapid, firm, that managed to pull groan after groan from the very depths of him. Every inch of him could have been on fire for all he cared and he would not have noticed. the only thing that seemed to matter in that moment was the delicious way his hand glided up and down his length, and how it incited a rather pleasing burn he gained from his shoulder at every stroke to where he felt urged to place his hand on his marks once again.
“I am not the enemy here, John. There wasn’t any way for him to keep his past from you, I need you to know that.”
John took the opportunity to tap away his excess ash as he listened to his accusations, even if he still continued the conversation with the utmost courteousness, he began to feel put off by the assumption. “Mr. Holmes, I’m afraid I don’t have a clue as to who you are speaking of. Perhaps you could be less vague and actually tell me what in God’s name you are insinuating.”
The three of them made their way through the prison gates, glancing behind them every so often to make sure they weren’t followed. The trail of men abruptly stopped when Sherlock gripped John’s coat sleeve so tightly he thought it would rip.
He had hardly decided that he would not sleep, as a continuous tingle ran from his head to the tips of his fins, that seemed to be at its most prominent at his lips.
He had packed up his computer and a cup that he had set on the table beside him, the trek upstairs and to his comfortable bed was so close, yet something stopped him. He wasn’t sure what it was, or whether it was anything at all that stopped him from moving from the side of the sofa, but he stayed.
John glanced over his shoulder as the man never even turned his gaze down to look him in the eyes, yet the only other one in the store was the young boy at the counter, so he must have been speaking to him, however rude he was while doing so.
As John was soon left in the cabin to himself, he took a moment to lay back down. A small sigh escaped his mouth while looking towards the old wood of the ceiling at the absolute absurdity of the situation, he had barely known the man more than two days and yet they acted more or less like old lovers.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson but it was just a headache.” Sherlock let out a small sigh as Mrs. Hudson wandered around in his kitchen making tea for him. It at least gave him a small window of opportunity to hide the syringe that was previously in his pocket, in a small drawer in a side table.
He sat on the cave’s floor in front of a cracked mirror that he begrudgingly dragged to sit where it was, and fiddled with a few curls that never seemed to stay where he liked. He soon became fed up and swam away from the mirror, it was not as if his hair would stay the way he wanted out of the water when he spoke to John.
They eventually settled to rest their heads against one another, their mingled breath was a great relief that allowed them to stay closer than necessary.
He moved to pull Victor into a hug and could not help but notice the slight flutter in Victor’s chest when he did so. It could have been due to any number of reasons, but he knew the true cause. He never said a word of it though. He simply spent the time they had together after such a long time apart, until Victor sadly had to go.
“Sherlock, do not start that,” he moved to lightly push his tail back into the water and instead placed Sherlock’s abandoned book in his arms.
He then simply walked out of the room and shut the bedroom door behind him. John hardly had time to finish buttoning his vest and cover his lap with a nearby cushion, when the door opened and Mrs. Hudson popped her head in.
John walked out onto deck silently as he straightened his coat, and looked around at the large number of men now on board. His focus soon turned to Sherlock who was looking to John over Mycroft’s shoulder.
“I am happy to see you too. I quite expected you to be long gone when I came, I’m sorry to have kept you waiting…”
“Sherlock… Even if that was the case, it doesn’t mean that you’ll have to quit work. You know how it usually is, most of the time you can solve a case through a few lines of text without leaving the house.”
John just stared at for a moment, long enough for Sherlock to believe that he had said something wrong, until John moved from his spot on the dock to press a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s lips. He had to admit he missed the soothing tingle he could feel long after their lips met, and this moment was no exception.
John backed away from him as he came to the horrible conclusion that finally caused him to see through this pompous façade. The red hair, and that pale skin…
He finished what he came in to do and soon left, the level of guilt that already began to build inside of him was too much to witness through a mirror. He made his way back to his bedroom to change into a fresh nightshirt, the full-length mirror that sat in the corner was there to judge him as well, to which he swiftly turned it to face the wall.
Sherlock had sat that next day along the dock with a book in his lap as he watched the sun rise. He made sure to arrive much earlier than necessary as he did not want another repeat of yesterday.
It was just when he had lifted his head from the water to catch his breath, that he felt a rigid grip clamp upon his ankle, and dragged him down beneath the waves.
His admissions hardly stopped John, as he drew away from Sherlock long enough to slip his hand into his inner coat pocket and pull out the slim black velvet case that was soon pressed into Sherlock’s grasp.
He had to think of something, after all this time he was not going leave John to die for his sake and due to his own negligence. He couldn’t lose him now, not after everything. He had to do something!
It was set in an AU where everyone has tails but different types and they are mostly subconsciously controlled but Sherlock being Sherlock has trained himself to consciously control and use his tail as well as his hands but again, since he is Sherlock, completely and utterly disregards its maintenance. John tries to get him to wash and condition and um...whatever else is done to tails but Sherlock is as obstinate as he usually is when he wants/doesn't want something and he doesn't take care of it.
“Hit me.” That received a rather strange look from the cab driver, who soon turned his attention back to the road and discretely closed the small window that allowed them to communicate to him.
“I have to go now, and I’m sure you will need to get ready as well. I’ll see you soon.” He pressed another kiss to his cheek as he stood up, motioning for John to indulge in his virtually untouched breakfast as he slipped his jacket on and quickly left after that.
He felt another bout of tears begin to well up and quickly swallowed them down when he heard a gentle knock on the door. “John, it’s Greg. Can I come in?”
“With what little energy he had left in his body, he kneeled down in front of the couch and tucked his head underneath the blanket. In hindsight it wasn’t the greatest plan, but it allowed him to be face to face with Sherlock in a smaller space so he could finally listen.
“Sherlock- Sherlock, just take a breath for a moment, otherwise you’ll have the entire nursing staff in here.”
(Another very lovely and detailed prompt and I had to break it up. either way, I hope I managed to capture your wonderful idea)
They remained locked together as the moon continued to rise along with the ocean’s waves, to where John could often see Sherlock’s tail fins float near the top of the dock. John’s hand discreetly slipped away from resting on Sherlock’s hip into his vest pocket to pull out his watch. It was nearly ten at night and would continue to grow later until they both decided to take their leave, which seemed to become less and less appealing as more time went on. Their grip on one another only seemed to tighten more than any of the previous days.
“I can and I will, Sherlock. We’ve been through hell together; do you really think I’ll let you go after everything we’ve done? You won’t be alone; I can promise you that.”
Sherlock had just locked the door and turned to face John when he felt their lips collide once again, the gentle heat coursing through John’s body only intensifying once they touched. They soon moved to the desk in the center of the room, Sherlock ever so gracefully leaning against it to brush away his mess of papers as he held John’s head to press their lips together after what felt like an eternity of them apart, even if it had only been a moment.
“Well, I suppose I should get going… I have to pick up Rosie in the morning and then I have to head to the clinic… Would it be okay if I stopped by after my shift?”
John allowed a slight rotation of his shoulder as he attempted to calm his voice enough to speak. “I’ve just been invalided from Afghanistan.”
“Heh.. I suppose that may have changed after a while… I don’t remember when it started, but I just started thinking of us as a couple that didn’t actually sleep in the same bed. It’s ridiculous, isn’t it?”
say that? It could just as easily say I’ll never move from the neck down again as it would say I will. Just… What if this is it for me John?...”
Mycroft let out a small tut as if Sherlock was still a small child, which he most likely still saw him as, and therefore he was superior. “Now Sherlock, surely you are intelligent enough to figure that out. You are a fugitive pirate and I was aboard a naval ship, what might we conclude from that?”
“You and I have a secret, which neither of us want to get out. A mutual respect of sorts. besides, you intrigue me…”
“Sherlock, get out here. I need to talk to you about something.” The layer of rage beneath his voice had to be evident as it seemed too difficult to keep a level tone while he continued to stare at the door.
“You were busy with Harry, that was stressful enough for you. I didn’t want to worry you over something meaningless…”
John let out a tired yawn and attempted to wipe away the tiredness from his eyes before he lifted his head to look at him. A small painful feeling in the back of his throat built up when he looked into his eyes and saw the worry that was attempted to be hidden.
It wasn’t good enough though, as John’s expression went from an exhausted contentment to concern as something about Sherlock’s face did not sit right with him. “Sherlock, I know you probably don’t want to talk about this now, but… How did this happen?”
Sherlock stared at him for a long and painful moment before he gave him a small shrug and took another bite of his food.
A sharp gasp escaped Sherlock’s throat as the light scrape of teeth reddened his skin and tender laps of his tongue ran over the hardly there marks, that would evidently grow darker as the days passed until one could scarcely deny their existence.
I could not tell you why, but this particular part of writing had issues with line spacing in one particular spot that I could not fix. Ah well, what can you do :/
John then picked up another rock from the small pile he had collected from elsewhere and tossed it with some force into the water. Something was certainly wrong; he had never seen the slightest hint of frustration grace John’s features and it seemed that’s all there was. Could it be because of him?
underneath his breath once he saw that look of challenge and excitement enter Sherlock’s eyes beneath his mask of pleasantries. He had just reached for his notepad and a pencil, when Sherlock finished his explanation and cleared his throat to return to the main conversation.
“Oh, hello John. You’re home early…” He stood up with wobbly knees and made his way to the kitchen without another word to his friend.
Sherlock is awfully tempted not to give Mycroft the satisfaction of getting what he wants. But he also wants Mycroft to see just how big he is, just how terrifying he can be. Mycroft is only human. Sherlock wants him to see his force and power. His wolf wants that especially.
He shivers and presses in even closer to Sherlock. “Yes, you should,” he attempts to say, but his words are lost when Sherlock bends his knees and brings their cocks into alignment and another round of enthusiastic snogging begins, this time with added frotting.
John can’t help but kiss him for that. “What gave me away?” he asks between kisses, now working his way along Sherlock's jawline.
Harry has been too busy battling her own demons to notice the changes happening in John’s life, to see how his obsession with Sherlock is probably quite well founded. She didn’t know how bad John was before Sherlock. But even though she doesn’t understand, Harry will dig, dig, dig until she believes she has the full story.
They were interrupted when they heard Mycroft clear his throat behind them, which caused both them to look back to him as he set the satchel and blanket down. “It’s lovely to see you reunited, now may we get on with this?”
With his now clean hands he takes the one of John's which lies closest to him. John is unconscious so he doesn't waste time with words. His fingers lightly ghost over the nicks on John's hand from the knife, the grazes from where he fell on the concrete and the cuts on his knuckles that make Sherlock feel oddly proud. Then too soon his moment of almost-peace is over as the ambulance arrives at the hospital and the paramedics hand John over to the doctors, who wheel him straight into surgery.
He’s not as fit as he used to be perhaps, but Sherlock runs him around London often enough, so scooping six foot of lanky drama-queen-toddler up off the floor isn’t
“I prefer ‘staged a strategic retreat’,” John says. “We’d both be much worse off than this if we’d stayed.”
John takes Sherlock’s hands in his. They’re cold, although not quite as much as his feet. He rubs them to warm them up.
Sherlock’s wolf is, in fact, very interested in the possibility of red meat, but more than that, it’s sick of inactivity.
John grins and pulls his fingers out. Sherlock kneels up and away from him and grabs the lube from where it was abandoned on the duvet. John watches his chest rise and fall, fast like they’ve just chased a criminal. His own is the same, he notices, quick with anticipation.
John is dusting the mantelpiece. Sherlock doesn’t know why he bothers. Mrs. Hudson will do it if they don’t. Carefully John dusts around the small glass of ashes he put there as some sort of memento. John had been pleased to come downstairs the morning after Mycroft’s proposal to find the folder burned, but Sherlock hadn’t thought he’d actually keep the ashes.
Sherlock subsides, leaving John feeling proud that Sherlock sees him as the person that knows him best. Most other people don’t try to know Sherlock beyond his all-business, often-insulting exterior. They don’t know that he has a softer side. John has glimpsed it. He knows that few others have.
He sits down on John’s bed and pats the mattress. He’s helpless in the face of John’s anger. His wolf feels it too, and is pacing, agitated.
John wakes up much closer to Sherlock than he’d been when they went to sleep. Sherlock has rolled over in his sleep, facing away, and John is curled close behind him, just a few inches away from spooning him. He carefully shuffles backwards. He doesn’t want his body to betray him again. He’s been over this so many times, and he knows that a relationship with Sherlock is something he can never have. He won’t sacrifice what they have. The words ‘Sherlock Holmes’ and ‘relationship’ do not go together. Sherlock doesn’t
, he feels his muscles relax, invite John’s finger in. John reads his body, can tell Sherlock is ready for more. He slips his finger in, just to the first knuckle, stills to let Sherlock adjust.
Maybe now isn’t the best time for an ‘I told you so’ lecture. John shifts to slide an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders.
He catches a cab to Mycroft’s office, his anger welling up more the closer he gets. On arrival, he’s waved straight through, as if he’s expected, which he bloody well ought to be after the stunt that Mycroft pulled yesterday.
in bed with you,” Sherlock says. “I’ve never done that before. Or wanted to. But there’s so much data to collect.”
Sherlock's cock, when John pulls it out of his pants, is hot and hard. It’s thicker than John imagined (he’s been imagining for a surprisingly long time) and speaking of
Sherlock. A coppery tang. A drop of his blood. Next to it, someone else’s blood. Probably an attacker: file away the scent. A trail of something dark, deep and sweet leading away from the site of Sherlock’s struggle. Oil. Motor oil. Their vehicle had been leaking. This is perfect.
Sherlock quickly shot up at the sound of John’s shouting, and hurriedly attempted to pull the blanket off his head only to see him laying on the floor and holding his mouth.
John looked up from the note with tears nearly falling from his eyes to Lestrade, as he began to speak to the crew once again.
He somehow managed to find his way to a cigarette case that was hidden away and lit it with trembling fingers before he threw the match into the fireplace. The smoke that engorged every inch of his lungs quieted his thoughts as he returned to his chair.
The slight prickle was unnatural for him, possibly even worrying, yet he could not help the instinct that caused him to run his fingers over the soft skin. It made a slight smile grow on his face, even if he was not entirely sure why he had such a reaction.
Dr. John Watson could only a stand afar from the sickeningly sweet merriment as he hobbled along the boardwalk to avoid the unstable sand beneath his cane. He would have enjoyed the merciful spray of water against his face, yet he had to contend with the salty smell of the sea from where he stood.
There was just a moment when they were all frozen in place, a collective thought running through them all that he had changed his mind, they were all going to be arrested and hung for treason and whatever else could be placed on their heads. Oh, how wrong they all were.
“You certainly can sir, I believe the jeweler called it Aquamarine. In the past the stone has been used as a talisman to keep sailors safe at sea.”
Also, different AUs and the like I am perfectly happy doing. If I am unfamiliar with the one you suggest, I will do my best to research and read similar stories with the AU to better understand and do my best attempt at accomplishing a good story
The man looked up from his paper towards the captain’s voice and had the audacity to smile at him as if he’d done nothing wrong.
It was another sleepless night for John after he got home from work that he decided to spend on the couch. He was understandably hesitant about staying downstairs again after Sherlocks previous ‘incident’, but he was somewhat confident that everything would be alright. Since he had stayed up hours past when he was supposed to get to sleep, he never once had heard Sherlock walk around downstairs.
Sherlock took the lead and followed the man up five flights of stairs on the side of a block of flats. John could only watch as Sherlock swiftly took to the stairs and was on the roof far too quickly to be normal.
He took no more strides than necessary to reach his basin and the bed once again, seeing john already beginning to fall asleep, yet was jolted awake by the cold touch of the rag against his skin. The incredulous look Sherlock received as John saw his action pained him slightly while he moved the rag much more kindly than usual.
Both laid breathless beside one another within the rumpled bedding that they had managed to pull away from its corners. The only sound that occupied the small space was their slowing heartbeat as they moved towards one another’s arms, the sudden realization that they sat within a cold room completely exposed, was enough to drive them beneath the covers.
Sherlock released a small sigh before he sat down again, and kept his gaze to the floor. It was only moved when John lifted his head to allow their eyes to meet, and they held that gaze for what may have been longer than necessary.
They both found their way up from their chairs and to the hotel door, John was fairly relieved when he could so easily walk through the doorway and take in the London air, before he was persistently pushed into the awaiting cab by Mycroft and they began to drive off before he even knew it. He took note of the leather bag and knitted blanket that sat in between them as the ocean air began to fill his nose and excite the exhausted nerves in his body.
John then turned his gaze back to Lestrade, his scrutinizing eye seeing the level composure the man held for such a statement. “Is that some kind of threat?”
Barely noticeable in the distance due to the morning fog, around 200 meters away, was a ship. A perfectly ordinary site by any means, except for the British Royal Navy flag waving precariously off the bowsprit. It took Sherlock painfully longer than usual, due to his earlier fit, to realize the ship was slowly edging closer to them.
His first thought was that it was a shipwrecked sailor that had been stranded not far from shore. It was a likely possibility as there seemed to be a large quantity of men that have been found washed upon beaches much like this one. He had just stood from his place on the deck get a better view and potentially alert the authorities, when he looked to the rock again to see that there was no one there.
John only received a smile for his concern, and the man pulled his head above the water reveal his wiry frame that still carried tone and definition in his limbs and- Oh good god he was not wearing a shirt.
The young merman inched just that bit closer to where their noses nearly touched. The gentle breath He left on John’s lips were enough to send a tremble through his spine. The small whisper that was the man’s voice only drew him in closer to listen.
John remained silent as he watched Sherlock finally looked back to him with tears in his eyes that burned his skin as they rolled down his cheeks.
Sherlock and John could only stand watch as the man drew a pistol from his coat pocket, the object left a sinister gleam in the sun that it took to be held firmly in his hand.
Sherlock couldn’t help but beam at the praise before he went back to his fruit. His head was tilted back to the sea in order to gain some semblance of composure once again as he did not believe he could become so giddy with such simple approval.
“I am sure. it doesn’t give me much interest, and I believe it deserves to be read by someone who will appreciate it.”
That want is what led all three of them to huddle together in a cab, with Sherlock having stolen the majority of the blanket to give John some, they began to travel towards Mycroft’s home.
He let out a small whence in hollow sympathy as he walked over to him to check his pulse, a small sigh of relief left him as he felt a slow but strong heartbeat underneath his fingers.
Greg’s smile still persisted however, as he handed John the note Sherlock had tucked into his sword. “Captain Holmes gave me the authority.”
The building he was soon shoved into was certainly pleasant. The dark polished wood of the fixtures and counters were offset by the heavy red damask curtains that blocked out most of the light that entered the room. Plumes of smoke billowed into John’s lungs as he was led to a standing table by the window, and he glanced out of it for a moment before he turned his attention back to the man who he sat opposite of, and looked to see a cigarette held out to him.
It was a relief that they had made it home before one of these questions managed to emerge, and the two fatigued young men were ushered out of the coach and allowed their feet to drag all the way inside the rather large estate; The belongings that filled every inch of space that they didn’t occupy in the cab would have to be brought in at a later time.
His head quickly darted to the man as he stood up from his chair, and made his way over to him, the way his unsettlingly warm hand rested on the crook of his neck made Sherlock want to crawl out of his skin.
This finally allowed for the reaction Victor had hoped for, that small smile was enough to calm him from anything else he had said. Sherlock soon pulled him into a light hug as he ran his hand over his shoulder.
It was quiet for a moment, Sherlock’s hand had stopped within the tangle it had created, until he gave the smallest nod he could possibly give.
John had to let out a small chuckle in amusement at his antics as he allowed his hands to wander over Sherlock’s chest, often slipping beneath his robe to grasp at the pristine skin of his shoulder.
With more effort than he usually cared to exert, he hauled the man out of the water as he had exhausted himself in a futile attempt to escape around halfway back. He was soon set in handcuffs and taken away as John laid down, his arm over his eyes, breathless.
Before he knew it, he had pushed john from his spot and watched as the guard’s bullet came his way. He hoped he had calculated right, he had to have it right.
The men began to change course towards the ship as a crew member located in the crow's nest looked to see if there was any crew aboard the ship. As he looked, he reported seeing many a men lying on the deck covered in blood, none of them seemingly left alive. They were around 50 yards away when they saw a man run into view, duck behind the flag staff and lowered the flag.
Sherlock’s dexterous fingers moved from its grip on the nape of John’s neck to run their way down his chest, watching as a simple graze against the sensitive nubs one the man’s chest caused his whole body to shiver and his hips to stall as he attempted to hold back the wonderful noises he so often made only when he had truly lost any restraint.
Reading had become common place for his sleepless nights, as it became a nice challenge to help him fall asleep and, in this case, it helped to settle his mind.
“There is a car waiting for you two to take you back home. I’m sure you will want to go home and light a fire.”
John felt his heart nearly leap from his chest when he saw Lestrade calmly seated in his chair, his demeanor only causing unease as he rose from his seat. “Ah, John please sit. I wanted to… discuss something with you.”
“Just stop!” John quickly stood up from his cot and shoved past him to get to the door. “What is the point of even telling me this? Just because you and Sherlock think I’m capable, doesn’t mean I am. I should have never agreed to get on this accursed ship-”
He steadily grew more and more worried as he saw no sign of him anywhere, he was just about to swim away to find Mycroft, when he looked out to see Sherlock swimming towards the cave with a small bag that hung on his shoulder. The bag was so different from what he’d seen his friend normally carry that he hardly noticed the marking that it… covered…
A shiver ran up the back of John’s neck caused him to turned back to the edge of the port to see if anyone was staring at him. He saw no one, and turned his attention to water, where he saw the reflection of pale arms settled in the water with dark curls that wavered in the reflection against the murky deep.
John watched as they tumbled down the side of the building while Sherlock pushed the man away from him, he had to look away as they neared the ground and nearly went to tears when he heard two separate thuds hit the ground.
Sherlock let out a small groan and set his phone down on his table with a little too much force. “John, for the last time I’m not going to hurt myself. I am perfectly capable of knowing my limits on how to use it…”
Mycroft let out a slight groan as he set his cane down and listened to the waves crash against the craggily rocks beneath them.
It was very easy to agree with what Sherlock was asking as no matter how much concern he held for his flat mate, it would always be dulled by the small flame of anger that built in his chest at seeing the complete lack of respect Sherlock held for himself. It couldn’t have been an easier choice.
Sherlock had to let out a groan as he attempted to swim past him, but he was blocked with every attempt he made.
Sherlock looked to the food and back at him, hardly needing to say anything as the look of disclination on his face said enough. The only response he received was another bout of staring from his guard long enough to break him.
It seemed to be a perfectly wonderful day beside the beach. Men and women walked along the seaside, and the women hid underneath their parasols while their children abandoned shoes and books to dip their toes into the foaming ocean spray.
“Earlier you said… You said that other have gone through this and have died. Why did you have confidence that this time it would work?”
“You and I have a secret, which neither of us want to get out. A mutual respect of sorts. besides, you intrigue me…”
“Do not play coy with me, Dr. Watson. You may think that I merely remain an unseeing fool who follows Holmes’ orders, but I saw you last night on deck. There is no hiding the fact you have started something with Sherlock that is far more trouble than you’re worth.”
The faint press of their lips together once again drew an elated sigh from the two as though both men had finally found the light at the end of the tunnel, the water within the desert, the treasure beneath the sea; It was a challenge in itself to allow the other to break away from the needed touch, but was soon needed when John slipped away only to rest his hand along Sherlock’s head.
There is nothing you have not seen before? Hm, I'd challenge you on that but I dont know if you'd do a long fic (4,000+ words). Soooo, my other suggestion is John finds out that Sherlock sleepwalks and have odd conversations with the doctor. This leads to a love confession or something. If Sherlock is pulled from his sleepwalk, he tends to get violent. I imagine he punched John square in the face because John accidentally woke him, lol
“I wouldn’t have the slightest clue as to why. I never have understood any of the decisions he has made in his life, including you. Now, if you’ll come with me, we’ll take a cab to the dock.”
“Ah, alright.” He contentedly took the sandwich John had offered him, and took a bite. It took only a moment of his chewing for him to realise this was not something he wanted to swallow. He gave John a slight smile as the man waited for his reaction while he avoided letting anymore of the so-called food to touch his tongue, and shortly had to spit it out into the water when John turned away from him.
He was just about to leave, when he turned back to pick up the book he had read last night. Perhaps it wasn’t very interesting or he could not understand it, although that idea was pushing it, but he never was able finish it.
The nerves Sherlock had earlier felt began to fade as the light drag of John’s fingertips against the pale skin of his back, a hidden twinkle appeared on his face at hearing how much he enjoyed the book.
When he was finally free of the constricting garments that had fallen to the floor in a wet heap near the bathroom door, he managed to find a nightshirt within the bags he still had not bothered to empty.
There they fell asleep in one another’s embrace, the moments before filled with gentle grazes of lips as their hands found their resting place. The only sound in the empty room being the soft breeze of their mingled breath.
His only strategy left was to pretend the man wasn’t there and continue to sleep. He had just closed his eyes once again underneath his blanket when the man’s rough voice disrupted his sleep and patience.
“You were also a soldier as well! I know I said you weren’t prepared to deal with anything like this, but you are a lot more capable than you think, Sherlock knows that probably better than anyone else.”
