Stark winks at him. "Too bad you went ahead. Steve's a believer of saving water by showering together."
Tony stared at her for a moment, blinking a few times to make sure he wasn’t imagining things. After so many weeks of not seeing a single other human being who wasn’t a Hydra agent, it was hard to be sure that he was actually looking at a friendly face. But once he convinced himself that she was really there and really not a Hydra agent, he realized he was wasting precious time.
Steve’s head was spinning. He tried calling Tony’s cell phone but it went straight to voicemail. He bent down and discovered that milk on the floor was still cold. And the blood on the counter was still warm.
“Nat! I found Tony’s jacket. He has to be here, we have to find him!” Steve was starting to sound frantic.
Tony was supposed to be working in his lab all day, trying to fix some problem with his helmet that was far too scientific for Steve to understand. He probably would have stayed in the lab all day if Steve hadn’t texted him and told him to go buy some milk. Of course, Tony Stark was not usually the type of person to go out and buy his own milk. He had people the world over for that kind of thing. But it was a reason to be outside and take a break from his project, even if it was only for the few minutes it took to walk to the shop at the end of the block. Steve wanted him to get outside more, he always thought being cooped up in the lab all the time was bad for him.
Steve flicked his eyes from Tony’s chest to the wound in his arm from where he had dug out the tracking chip. It looked like it was healing well. The damage to Tony’s body was manageable, it wasn’t like he had never been injured before. Still, Steve hated seeing the dark bruises on face and the scars on his arms. They were a constant reminder of his failure to protect the most important person in his life. He knew that Tony was more than capable of protecting himself - he had escaped from the Hydra base without any help from Steve, after all - but he couldn’t help but feel immensely protective of the people he loved, it was simply his nature.
Steve nodded and followed her to the couch, slightly dreading the inevitable personal conversation coming.
“He wasn’t here when I came home, his phone is either dead or broken, and there’s blood all over the counter. Something happened to him, Nat. Someone must have taken him.”
The jet landed with a soft thud, completely cloaked and invisible among the trees. At top speed it had only taken them half an hour to get there, but Steve feared it was too long.  He jumped out of the hatch and started running, desperately searching for Tony. The forest seemed so dark and empty, Steve started to worry that Hydra had found him first.
Tony stared at him for a moment, blinking his eyes hard to try to bring himself back to reality. But nothing was happening. Everything still looked real. Steve still looked real. Maybe he wasn’t hallucinating after all…
He repeated the words to himself over and over, an unending mantra in his mind. If anyone could take a deadly dose of a specialized Hydra toxin and survive to tell the tale, it was Tony Stark. After all, he had lived for years with poison embedded in his chest. The man was resilient if nothing else. And Steve believed in him until the end of the earth. Tony would fight to stay alive no matter what, and that was enough for Steve to convince himself that he wasn’t going to find a dead body when they reached the Hydra base.
The mission itself was simple. Steve wasn’t about to try anything fancy when Tony’s life was on the line. Steve and Natasha would enter the base from opposite ends, as Clint discretely took out the guards from a perch high in the trees. A small team of backup agents would be hidden amongst the trees in case anything went wrong. Then Steve and Natasha would search the inside for Tony room by room, starting from the basement.
It wasn’t long before the quinjet landed at the Avengers’ med bay. Natasha finally got out of the pilot’s seat and walked over to the back of the jet, a huge smile on her face.
“We’ll find him, and he’ll be okay,” Natasha said, sounding much more calm and confident than Steve. “I promise.”
“Hey…” Tony started, his fingers still tracing lines in Steve’s hair, “It’s okay, babe. I’m here. I’m not going anywhere.”
Steve heaved the man up to the retina scanner to gain access to the building. He wasn’t expecting the guard standing five feet down the hallway, but the Hydra Agent was no match for Captain America. He took him down with a swift kick to the back of his knees and planted a foot on his chest.
. Steve blinked away his tears and started running towards the jet as fast as he could with Tony in his arms. The Hydra agents could be dealt with later; right now all that mattered was getting Tony the hell out of there.
Steve just smiled. It was the third time in a row that Tony had woken up without thinking he was back with Hydra. Maybe that part of this whole nightmare was finally over.
.” Steve pushed his foot harder against the guard’s chest, determined to break him either physically or mentally. He heard the sickening sound of ribs cracking.
. He had forgotten what it felt like to feel safe after all those days with Hydra. But he hadn’t forgotten the smell of Steve’s hair, or the very specific shade of his eyes, or the way his arms felt when they were wrapped around him. He didn’t think he would have survived for that long if he didn’t have those things to latch onto. Even though he wasn’t there, Steve had still managed to keep Tony grounded.
Tony froze, looking up at the source of the voice in confusion. Unless he had completely gone mad from exhaustion and pain, that wasn’t a Hydra agent at all. She was wearing a park ranger uniform, not the black Hydra outfit that he was so used to by now. The woman came closer to him and gasped when she saw how horrible he looked. He was dangerously thin, his skin a sickly shade of gray and covered in dark bruises. There was fresh blood running down his arm from where he had dug out the tracking chip with his fingernails.
He knew he must have looked absolutely pathetic as he limped forward, putting as little weight as possible on his sprained ankle. There was nothing he could do besides keep moving, even at this agonizingly slow pace. Every ounce of his strength and determination was going into putting one foot in front of the other. He didn’t even notice how cold it was, the adrenaline keeping his body from wasting energy on shivering.
After what felt like forever, Steve was finally close enough to see that the flickering light was coming from the arc reactor in Tony’s chest. Tony was on the ground, his limbs at odd angles and his whole body shaking feebly. He looked like hell, but he was there. And he was alive. But there was no time to be relieved, not when Hydra could be at their heels and Tony’s arc reactor was going out.
Natasha gave him a sad, compassionate look before standing up and walking out the door. Fighting wasn’t going to be productive.
Steve sat quietly in the Quinjet as the small team made their way to the Canadian Hydra base. He had been feeling sick to his stomach ever since Agent Larson had informed them about the toxin a few hours earlier. It felt like a punch to the gut every time an image of Tony, dead from the poison, crossed his mind. All of their efforts to locate him plus the mission to save him could be useless if Tony had been killed before Steve even knew he was missing. The thought of it made him want to break something. But Steve had to believe that Tony was still alive. He simply couldn’t go on if he didn’t force away any thought that Tony could be dead. Besides, Tony always said that he loved Steve’s persistent optimism, and he wasn’t about to let that go anytime soon.
Steve heard Natasha take a short breath on the other end of the line. If anyone could compartmentalize feelings and focus on the task at hand, it was her.
“Oh god, Tony, is that really you?” Steve could barely put the words together, he was too overwhelmed.
After a few moments of silence, Steve tilted his head up and kissed Tony. It was long and slow and gentle. The kind of kiss that somehow left you satisfied and still wanting more at the same time. It made Steve feel like everything was really going to be okay, no matter how much shit they had to go through. He wanted to freeze time and live inside the moment forever. They both fell asleep easily after that, Steve enjoying the comfort of Tony’s chest and Tony enjoying Steve’s warmth
He had texted Natasha right after he hung up with Tony, nothing but the words “Quinjet. Now.” and hoped that she was still awake to see it. But he’d be leaving with or without her if it meant getting to Tony faster. Luckily, she was waiting for him outside the jet by the time he got there.
Tony was mostly unresponsive. His eyes were half open but not focused on anything, and it seemed like he could barely even hear Steve. He needed a new arc reactor immediately.
The lack of clues to Tony’s whereabouts weren’t helping lift Steve’s spirits either. Virtually no progress had been made since they returned from the Canadian Hydra base so long ago. They were back to square one, and every lead was just sending them in circles. It was absolutely infuriating. All of the Hydra agents they suspected were involved seemed to have completely dropped off the grid since the raid, leaving them with nowhere to go and no one to question.
Steve had stood up and was slowly walking towards Tony, but stopped and backed up when he heard his terrified plea.
“Come on, Stark,” Tony grumbled to himself, “Pull yourself together. Don’t let those Nazi bastards win.”
Slowly but surely, the memories started to return. Blasting his arc reactor. Running out into the forest. Getting found by a park ranger -- Tony hoped she made it back to her station okay, he had told her to run as fast as she could. He wouldn’t be able to live with himself if Hydra got their hands on an innocent civilian because of him. Finally, he remembered Steve. Steve lifting him from the forest floor and carrying him back to the quinjet. Laying against Steve’s chest and feeling at home for the first time in 47 days. He wasn’t surprised that the memories had taken so long to come back to him, Hydra’s toxin was meant to mess with memory.
In the dark hours of the night, Steve was sitting up in bed next to Tony, watching him sleep in the soft glow of the arc reactor. Really, he was watching him
“I’m here, Tony. I’ve got you.” Steve smiled softly and scooped Tony up into his arms. He held him close against his chest and let him rest his head on his shoulder. Steve thought he could stay like this forever, just holding Tony and listening to him breathe. It was the sweetest sound he had ever heard.
. Like some kind of primal defense mechanism against going insane, his brain wouldn’t let him even imagine it. It was probably for the best. He was barely keeping himself together as it was, and visions of Tony Stark’s dead body certainly wouldn’t help with his mental state.
When Steve woke up the next morning, he pressed a kiss to Tony’s temple before getting out of bed to make coffee. He had promised himself that he would never leave without kissing Tony goodbye again, and he fully intended to keep that promise.
That was enough. Steve bent down and snapped his neck like a twig. He was not in the mood to be played around with. He’d find Tony with or without this Nazi scum’s help.
“That was everyone else, Tony. I’m not --” Steve huffed. “I’m useless in a civilian world, just a relic from the past.”
Tony thought of the recent illustrations in the Club magazine. “Is he doing illustrations for the club magazine?”
“Right. I can meet her at the New Explorers’ Club to assess the situation first. Then you can come in.”
Steve appreciated Sam’s good taste in tent selection. Steve’s tent was different as he had to have an office with his, so he had a two-chambered tent -- one for his bedroom and personal effects, the other for the expedition office. The tent, like all the others, had been fitted with a long canvas sheet and poles to create a porch outside the tent door.
Tony laughs as they step out of the elevator, giddy with excitement. He can feel it thrumming in his belly. Steve's still not let him go. He wishes his Sheriff would hold onto him like this. As soon as they're in the penthouse, Steve puts an arm at the back of his waist and Tony can't help but lean against him. He's so solid. And strong. He wonders how strong his Sheriff is.
When Steve had finished with the wall and was drinking water over by Tony, Tony asked, “After dinner, why don’t you come over to my tent?”
Tony should say no, that he would be glad to send in a check when asked. But he was still stunned by Rogers’ comment and his mouth answered before his head ruled it out. “Yes, I would be glad to join. Can I assemble my own science team?”
Rogers took off his soaked boots, handed them to Tony in exchange for a pair of spare slippers. Tony put towels on the floor for Redwing to curl up in. “She’ll be okay?” Tony asked.
They had set up camp next to where they had landed the row boats. Everyone had their small field tents set up around a campfire, shielded so they couldn’t be seen from a distance. Dinner had involved a lively discussion about what to do next, finally deciding to do one more round of reconnaissance before returning to the rest of the expedition for a joint decision about the next steps.
Since then, Steve had come to deeply appreciate the machine and its excellent coffee. He shook out the pages of his paper, unable to read or distract himself. He had to be at the Club in two hours for Fury’s meeting. Not that Steve had an idea of what the meeting was about.
While Rhodey inquired about the book he had seen in the window, Tony noticed that they had escaped in the nick of time as the dogs’ owner got into a heated argument with the girl’s father. Someone flagged down a policeman to intervene. Another person was holding tightly on the now revived dino’s leash.
Steve pointed out, “They have to control the supply chain of dinos in order to get their money back. That camp was set up to capture and hold dinosaurs. With the reinforced pens, stolen equipment, guns.”
The portal is thrumming. Stark, Steve, and Reed make last minute checks. Well, Stark and Reed make last minute checks on the machinery while Steve checks Tony over.
By the end of the song, Time Square was deafening with cheers. And Tony, ever the lover of attention, relished in the applause and praise. Steve loved it, watching him like that. Tony always loved being the center of attention, but with the media, as it was today, that was a double-edged sword. However, this wasn’t Tony biting his tongue as someone tried to antagonize him into a scandal they could sell; asking
Steve stares down at Tony, drinking in his face and position below him, smiling like he had done so many times in the past - Tony felt sick with himself that his heart
“I thought you were better than that,” Steve starts, once again cutting Tony off, huffing a long-suffering sigh.
saying between kisses and giggles - on both their ends, no matter how much Tony denies it, he was giggling too.
the blond snaps, leaving no room for argument, and the unknown emotion lacing his anger makes Tony’s heart constrict.
The inventor’s movements slow as he reaches for his coffee mug, but his movements resume a fraction of a second later, and he doesn't mean for Jarvis to hear it - or maybe he does - as he mumbles
is the only thought streaking through his mind as Tony surges forward and kisses the man above him - he knows any other reason for the kissing Steve would break him.
be at Tony’s side. Everyone knew Steve and Tony were a packaged deal; because after that night, after Steve had called Tony ‘pet’, a slow-burning change began between them. Steve would take the lead more and more with Tony, from what he wore in and out of their home; what he ate to how he bathed, to taking the reins in the bedroom - sometimes tying Tony up with said ‘reins’.
not to have to worry any more. Tony stares down at a StarkPad he took apart, Stark Tech was a rarity in this new world, Steve had disabled any way for the device to send a message out, but Tony didn’t mind; he enjoyed the tinkering. The former superhero runs a hand over the back of his neck, the pad of his middle finger gently pressing into the tracker he knows is beneath the skin at the base of his skull; it had upset him to the point of hysteria when Steve had first implanted it, but now it comforted him, knowing he wasn’t ever really alone.
“She’s just a kid, she...she don’t know what she’s talking about,” the brunt rasps, but he knows the jig is up; he’s been caught and no lie or flashy get away is going to get him out of this.
“Mercy? It’s hard to be merciful when I was helpless at your hospital bed after battle, Tony. All I could think every was
It had started after they’d gotten back to the tower from a battle. Early days. Back when if Steve and Tony weren’t at each other’s throats, it was because they were in different rooms. When the best anyone could hope for from the duo was amicability. He still remembers the day with blinding clarity. Recalls the moment when the quinjet is hanger doors had opened and Steve was off like a shot. Vision tunnelled to the nearest bathroom that was far enough away he wouldn’t run into anyone.
“St-” Tony can barely finish the syllable before Steve has his back bowed backward, fist painfully yanking the hair at the nape of his neck,
He expects Steve to tell a lighthearted joke, or go off into another speech, but instead the blond’s hand tightens around the back of his neck and holds him close, "you don't have it in you."
Tony knows exactly what he thought, what everyone thought; that Jarvis was no more, it was only Friday - or some other voice. However, Tony had never really expected his any of teammates to show up unexpectedly, and now he silently batters himself for not thinking up a protocol that would have kept
He should have been happy, maybe felt some kind of closure that, for those few years, Steve hadn’t lied about their relationship; even if going forward they were no longer best friends, allies, and
Steve remembered being taken aback by that. Remembered his attention being sharply pulled away from his thoughts, and back to Tony’s eyes and- and…they’d softened, again. Somehow.
“She’s alive, my love,” Steve brushes the tip of his nose against Tony’s freshly shaved jaw, making the smaller man shiver in spite of himself, “like Natasha, your favorite redhead saw the light; now the only question is…for how much longer?”
If you asked him how it happened, Steve honestly wouldn’t have an answer for you; one minute he’d been entering Tony’s lab to come get their resident Tin Can for dinner, then heard a yell and a bang, and the next thing Steve knew he was stood in the middle of a desert. Honestly? Not his strangest Friday night. Steve reaches into his pocket to retrieve his StarkPhone, where ever the hell he was Steve knew he should be able to make an outgoing call, Tony made damn sure none of his phones would ever lose service.
Tony sees the guilt in Steve’s blue-eyes and hates himself all the more for it, he’s supposed to be strong, supposed to be the ‘
a snarl, because right then even Steve honestly didn’t recognize himself. He felt more akin to a caged animal than a man,
get tuckered out,” Tony jokes, nudging Steve. “Well Rogers, it’s your turn, what do you want to ask?”
He casts a glance over his shoulder at the route, but at either end they cut off in the distance, neither end leading to anything even Steve could see, and the Captain knew finding his way through here would allow for more likely success in getting what he needs. Steve slowly walks forward towards the building, it almost seemed abandoned, and that thought lulls Steve into a momentary lowering of his defenses; which proved to be the wrong move. Right then he hears a crash and a cry, instinct kicks in, and Steve’s running into the house before he can remember why that was a bad idea. The scream sounded too familiar, far too gut-wrenchingly
with him - that the business man had been worried he’d have a coronary. He’d been captivated by the shade of crimson that bloomed across his sharp cheekbones, charmed by the bashful smile on full lips, and the shy nod when Tony’d offered to share his bed for the night - and what a
“Deaths?!” Tony can’t help but scream, staring at Steve in disbelief, but the man doesn’t so much as flinch. “You killed
Tony Stark. And while Tony didn’t speak, the look he shot Steve was clear enough - this wasn’t the first time he’d seen that expression during their friendship, after all. It was an expression that said;
“Cut the crap, Steven,” Stark huffs, shaking his head only to feel a wave of dizziness slap him across the face, and the brunet stumbles - almost shouting in frustration when Steve catches him from falling. “What I do is
Hydra revealed themselves. Back to the days when he would turn over in his bed and smile at his lover, clinging and curling into the warmth that seemed to always surround him; days when he’d fall deeper in love with each glance and smile. Back to the days when Captain America was not only the world’s hero, but to when Steve Rogers was Tony Stark’s soulmate. The memories always chipped at another part of Tony’s soul, because Steve was never really Captain ‘America’, was he? Because Captain
“-it’s ten in the morning, and since you’ve arrived here you haven’t eaten and proper meal in, collectively, almost a full two months, Sir.”
actually, just…felt different, somehow. Steve snaps his gaze away the moment Tony exists out of the social media app, pretending to try to rub off some of the FX tooth-ink that got on his fingers - it was supposed to be semi-permeant, but the deal was they had to keep their looks for the rest of the week.
” Tony asks, pulling him from his memories. His voice a little different when filtered through the suit’s speakers, fighting to be heard over the wind.
been many jokes made about it, according to Kamala Tony and the Suit’s ‘shipname’ was ‘Irony’, and if Steve hadn’t choked on his coffee when she said it, he probably would have laughed for an hour straight. The faint sounds of clanging metal only confirmed his suspicions, but also made him smile, whatever work he had here was done. With a private smile and a silent goodbye, Steve stands and stretches, deciding it’d probably be best to leave before the sun was fully out, and start making some headway before the next nightfall. Maybe Anthony could rational their time together as some kind of lucid-dream, a result of his subconscious is need to finish grieving and lack of proper sleep and nutrition; either way, Steve knew he wouldn’t be of any more help if he stayed.
The teenager sighs shakily, head bowed forward, “no…nothing.” Tony looked up from his suit repairs, and despite everything he’d seen and been through, to see the seventeen year old’s shoulders shaking still twisted Tony’s heart inside-out. “Tony what if
“And it wasn’t enough!” Tony bellows, eyes frantic as they stare up at Steve. “I couldn’t save Yinsen, I couldn’t protect Pepper, and I can’t save the
to beat StarkTech (something Tony must feel incensed about), but Steve wasn’t known as ‘the man with the plan’ for nothing; he’d need food, shelter, and somewhere warm and safe to wait until Tony found him. Mentally cataloging his current attire -
. Tony grabs the mug and fills the porcelain cup to the brim, shuffling out of the kitchen and towards the windows of his estate. Sipping at the ebony liquid, Tony stares out at the vast expanse of water from beyond his mansion’s windows, and for a moment he wonders if dying at the mercy of the sea would be as peaceful as the slow lapping waters look. With a silent sigh the brunet turns away and heads to the stairs leading to his workshop, there was no point in lingering on the thought, Tony knew he was far too self-centered to ever actually kill himself. However, the thought that he really did have the power to just make everything
laughing), and chatting excitedly with strangers as they came up to him with praise and requests for pictures and signatures. This was Tony in his element. Giving his full attention, the thing Steve
“My Steve had both dimples when he smiled,” Anthony chuckled, rolling onto his back, but carefully enough so that he was still in Steve’s embrace; he shuffled around a bit, the way Tony always did when he was feeling tired and restless, and didn’t settle until their legs where entangled and Steve’s arms were securely around him.
That had been a two years ago, it hadn’t been easy, at first, trying to convince Steve to accept his willingness to help, but after much insistence -  and arguing - Tony had
Fury was going to read them the Riot Act before dawn. However, right then, he was too enthralled in Tony’s animated performative energy and the crowd’s enthusiasm to care.
Anthony started to struggle against him, trembling fists weakly batting against Steve’s broad chest, “Why did you—
“I’m not him, I’m sorry…but you’re not going crazy. I...I’m just from another reality, or universe…or…or whatever you wanna call it. I was never good at getting that bit straight, I know it sounds crazy, Reed and Tony fight about it all the time; Tony calls it a Multi-verse, the way I understand it is that there are multiple different versions of reality and-” Steve knew he was rambling, but he was nervous, because Anthony was staring at him with this little smile that seemed to boarder on hope and disbelief and he didn’t want it to go away-
for her, but he knows that’s the exact reason they are no longer together. Pepper would always be wearing red-rimmed eyes and blotchy skin each time he came back from a battle, big or small, it never mattered because to her it could always potentially be his last. The genius knew it wasn’t her lack of faith in him, nor was it that his teammates were literal
“So, do you treat him good?” Steve reaches forward and kisses Tony’s head, pulling the man into his arms and lays on his back, - the battered up bed wasn’t the most comfortable thing in the world, but Steve’s a soldier, he’s dealt with worse - and cuddles Anthony close atop his chest. The blond can hear the soft
“Do you like it?” Steve asks with a smile, the expression as bright and tender as ever before, “I made sure everything was the same, right down to your favorite towels and gels.”
, it’s not bodily, but his shoulders do shake, and the sound warms Steve’s insides like that sound always does - like hot chocolate and a warm fire on a cold winter’s night in the arms of the person you love.
folds over the other’s knee, the burning gleam in Steve’s eyes turning into a disinterested one. Tony doesn’t break his gaze away from Steve’s eyes, despite the man staring passively at the foot on his crotch as it slowly swipes over his clothed erection, the sole of his shoe dirtying the midnight colored material.
The Captain slams back the drink before he can think twice about it. It was the rule of thumb but in his war days. When swill was all you had, you learned to throw it back, and not think about exactly what you just drank. Don’t think, just swallow. However, whatever the
but she would always say something along those lines, too - so perhaps the comparison wasn't unfounded.
“I’m a sucker for a good Rom-Com,” Tony finally answers after a lull of silence. His shoulder having, at some point, begun to rest against Steve’s. And suddenly, all he was aware of was Tony.
“Tony?!” A voice shouts seconds later, and looking up from the ground Tony feels even more pathetic upon meeting Steve’s worried gaze.
, Tony feels the world fall out from under him. Steve maneuvers him onto the sink’s ledge, putting Tony at eye-level with him, before reaching for a canister of shaving cream - it was Tony’s favorite brand. Stark watches, dumbfounded, as Steve goes through the motions of slowly lathering the cream across his scruffy cheeks and jawline.
Steve was more than glad to clear the air. At breakfast the next morning he announced an emergency meeting, calling everyone in the expedition to the central tent.
Tony turned to Steve and swayed toward him until their lips touched in a kiss. A perfect brush of the lips, at first. He could tell that Steve had closed his eyes as he leaned up to kiss Steve again. Actually Tony could stand here all day at the edge of the jungle, just kissing Steve and having Steve’s arms around him.
Tony's jaw drops as he watches Bruce transform into the Hulk for the first time. As if sensing his awe, Hulk grins at him.
“You can call me Carol,” Carol said, tossing a smile at Rhodey as they marched into the ballroom, like they were ready to take on the world.
Sam had worked out a list and plan for the survey so that they could work efficiently in gathering the information. He said it was to avoid lingering too long in an area where carnivorous dinosaurs were located.
Now that the main event of the evening was over, it was time to leave. Tony caught up to Bruce as the crowd was leaving the ballroom. “Bruce -- glad to see you’re back in town,” Tony said happily as he shook Bruce’s hand.
Back at Steve and Sam’s house, Wanda helped them create a soft box nest for the baby dinosaur and set the box in front of the fire. As far as they could tell, it was a young Aquilops, maybe a few weeks old. “These dinosaurs are in high demand,” Wanda explained. “They are vegetarians and naturally the size of house cats. Dealers trim the beak down because of the sharpness.”
"It's not showing up here either, Tony." Clint's voice filters through the HUD. "Place is owned by Frost Holdings and probably rented out."
"We dropped off the fragments at the Baxter Building." Stark raises his hands. "Before you tell me off for being rude, Reed was still awake and told me to take it there. He said he'll be in touch. So I guess we'll hear from him soon. Maybe even tomorrow."
He glanced down at the dinosaur sitting on her haunches and regarding him with curiosity. “Make sure that you don’t,” Tony said sharply.
The beautiful late summer evening outside the restaurant windows proved the city’s charms. A city worker methodically lit the gas street lights, which twinkled in the dusk as each light flashed on. Another attraction of New Timely was the vast number of activities going on in the city at any time. Tony could choose to go to a boxing match or a lecture at the Club or to a concert.
Rogers frowned and stood up. “We should look through the hold in case there is anything other than broken crates.”
"These are the coordinates. He figured you'd be able to pick up the anomaly. I have the team on standby and we're ready to back you up when you find it." Tony can hear the smile in Steve's voice. It’s easy to see him leaning back in his Captain's chair, sipping his first coffee of the day. "Are you picking up anything?"
“Miss Van Dyne -- it is a good time to start your concert since we could all use the diversion tonight from our travels,” Rogers continued.
Tony pointedly looked at his playbill. Avoidance meant not having to hear awkward stammering about what a genius his father was.
The Captain appeared a bit flustered as he tried to escape. Van Dyne jumped up. “Come on, Scott, others probably want to talk to the Captain.”
Steve made a general announcement to the expedition to pack up their cabins and get ready for landing. Secretly he hoped that their arrival would be problem-free.
Rhodey was not particularly pleased with having to drape his coat over one of the seats in the box. “I wish you would just --” he said as he sat down next to Tony.
“You know -- people clapping their hands ….” Tony had a joke on the tip of his tongue but Rogers’ steady look killed off any possible amusement. “Okay, well. I will be making a few remarks, then it’s your turn in the spotlight.”
“First the map, Sam.” As Sam set the map down on a crate, Clint pointed to the coastline. “There, that’s where I saw the other harbor.”
Early morning Tony is a coffee zombie and Steve thinks he’s adorable - the moment is priceless for him, every moment with his family and tony is, tbh, he’s living in the now and loving his ridiculous boyfriend.
They took a cab to the theatre so they would not be late. Rhodey didn’t support Tony’s fashionably late tendencies. Tony opted for coddling his best friend’s insistence on being on time for everything.
Rogers replied, “T’Challa is supporting the expedition through a large donation and will be providing supplies when we go to Wakanda. He wasn’t keen on any Wakandans on the trip and neither was Fury. For now. That might change.”
Tony lands in the underground area through the elevator shaft. Scientists are busy trying to salvage items and escape so he grabs one by the lab coat, and lifts him off the ground. "What's the power supply being used for?"
Turrets rise and lock on to the shoulders of the haulers even as one of the others rushes forward with a whole strip of ammo.
“Captain Rogers isn’t the worst person you’ve worked with. Actually I would trust him head and shoulders and body above your last business partner.”
“Ha! Got it!” Steve waved his now-free arms. He snatched up the rock and butt shuffled over to Tony.
Sam opened the door and they were not prepared for the huge market in front of them. Stalls and crates and people filled the warehouse. They walked past women hawking herbs from Latveria and fish from Atlantis. Miss Maximoff smiled and nodded at the vendors as they made their way to her destination.
It takes three days of going back and forth to the Baxter Building to find the right frequency and open a portal to the right universe. Tony has to be next to the portal fragments attached to Reed's portal for it to work, so he and Stark practically invade the Fantastic Four's house and stay several hours a day for the process.
“That should be easy, since it’s Rogers. Interesting expedition to Atlantis -- I’ve been reading the Club’s announcement.”
The ship captain summoned Steve up to the wheelhouse. “Look,” he said pointing to a smudge on the horizon.
"Hey," it's Steve who reaches out to touch his shoulder. "It's okay." He smiles at Tony like he's not being an idiot for turning them down. "I understand. You don't even need to explain. I totally understand."
Tony says his thanks to Reed and gives Stark a quick hug. Then, looking up at the screen to his Steve and the rest of his team, he gives them a sloppy salute. "See you on the flip side."
She had cleared her plan with Steve once Natasha and Nakia filled her in on what they knew about the tech smuggling. It wasn’t much as far as Steve could tell. Hope didn’t have much to add to what had been discovered so far. But at least they were all on the same page for once.
“Just because I haven’t met the blond soldier of my dreams like some people I could mention -- wait, I’ve had plenty of companionship since I moved here.”
Steve nodded slowly. Tony seemed to move from anger to intense curiosity, even though the air was still tense. “If it helps, I was not happy that Fury grafted a spy mission onto the expedition.”
Rogers shifted his hat back and forth in his hands. “That’s not in the expedition brief. We are doing a scientific investigation of the Savage Land on behalf of the New Explorers’ Club and to secure specimens for the museum.”
Rhodey pushed the remains of his potatoes and leeks on his plate with a bit of a frown on his face. He sighed and then grinned at Tony. Tony knew he had Rhodey hooked and now all he had to do was reel him in. “You could ask me to think it over all night, and I’d still have to say no, Tones. If I didn’t have the promotion coming up or Carol --”
“Really, Pep?” He slammed a hand on the desk, nearly tipping over the fountain pen and ink. “I should go, I should. But leave before the after dinner talk.”
“Just wanted to see where we were seated. We seem to have been located for maximum drama.” Keeping it light, Pepper would have been proud.
“I do not know,” Tony admitted. He couldn’t quite imagine the exquisite drawings presented during Rogers’ talk as being done by the Captain himself.
Outside in the hallway, Rogers asked, “We should meet to talk about the expedition. When we will leave, the objectives, and other arrangements.”
Steve and Natasha were overseeing the transfer of the expedition crates from the warehouse to the airships. Wanda said, “It’s over when we get back to New Timely.”
, ‘Oh Crap!’ on my card. I didn’t have the energy to do more than a sketchy comic, but I like it anyway. ^^
The call with Reed Richards is short and Tony stares in morbid fascination as the man stretches across the room to reach a console. They are to head over as soon as possible so Richards can scan Tony and his suit.
Fifteen minutes later, they were waiting in Steve’s office for Steve to get dressed and join them. Sam and Natasha filed in, followed by Barton. Steve emerged in shirtsleeves and plain blue waistcoat, with a day’s growth of beard, ready to go. “What’s going on?”
"The multiverse theory is real?" Tony can't believe it. "All this time, we've developed all sorts of interstellar travel, and it's only now I learn that someone can travel to an alternate universe?"
"I'll miss you. Let us know when you want a visit. We'll get Reed to play interdimensional travel agent." Then he engulfs Tony in a bear hug that warms him inside out.
“I mean, does anyone else know that you’ve been in jail?” Barton needled. “You stole money from the company you worked for.”
"When it's Tony, it's 'Be careful, honey.' But when it's the rest of us, it's chatter. I see how it is," Clint shoots back.
“Heh heh. Barton’s a genius with bows, not pencils. No, that’s all Steve -- he does all the illustrations and map drawing. He had formal training before the Zeppelin War.”
According to Bruce, "Villains know never to disrupt date night because it does not bode well for their well-being."
The next day Wilson summoned Rogers and Tony down to one of the cargo holds, the one where the expedition’s scientific equipment was stored. “Natasha and I were doing rounds and we found this --”
Tony exchanged a look with Rogers, who had the same look on his face. Rogers handed a dino treat to Tony, who unthinkingly fed it to Redwing.
As he walked back to his tent with a protesting sleepy Redwing in tow, Steve pondered more. Without magic he wouldn’t have met Tony. Maybe it was worth it. Maybe he could keep this going once they were home, fight for it and not let Tony slip through his fingers.
“And when they’re not velociraptors equipped with guns. You have no idea how much I’m looking forward to seeing those illustrations.”
“So, the person responsible didn’t want us to see the crate. Which would rule out sabotage, since the point of sabotage is to undermine.”
"Leave me alone, I'm a senior citizen!" Steve calls after him. When Matt was out of sight, he sighs. "Looks like work interrupts date night again."
"Oh my god! You guys are so bad at this!" Bucky yells from behind the wall of the ship's cargo bay. "Steve's crazy about you, Stark. God only knows why!"
“So is this what you do back in New Timely?” Tony asked while he held stakes for Sam’s measurements.
Tony had a lot of talents, both specific and broad. And one of those talents was noticing solid scientific ability.
The New Explorers’ Club sent out regular expeditions and Steve knew the expeditions well. Actually he’d been familiar with the first Explorers’ Club.
Rogers nodded and Tony made a point to study his playbill. The lights flickered before Rogers made another painful attempt at conversation.
"Reed Richards. Stretchy dude? Kind of an asshole. Has an awesome wife named Sue? Not ringing any bells? Wow. Good for you!"
They were of course seated up front, though the printed name tags made the seating arrangements official. Carol and Rhodey headed towards the bar and Tony stole a glance at the other cards on the table. His shoulders slumped when he read Rogers’ name on the card at the seat next to his. A quick shuffle of the cards and the captain was safely seated across the table from him and separated by a barrier of the Pyms.
“As you all know, I have already explained that I am trying to find out who has been stealing Pym equipment.”
Stark smiles and accepts Steve's kiss. Then grins at Tony. "Never let it be said that I do not share with myself."
“Cut to the chase, Fury. This is about my expedition to the Savage Land. I’ve been asking for the Club’s backing for years so I can continue my research --” Pym said.
“I’d love for this to be our first date, Tony. I’m the one that was oblivious, after all, it’s not like you misled me, I was so in my own head that I didn’t realize, but now that I have I want it to be a date too.” Steve interrupts, smiling fondly. Tony blinks at him for a moment before his shoulders drop in a gesture of relief, and he grins again.
Once the rope was prepped, Steve sent Sam to the other side of the camp while he ran in the opposite direction. He could hear the loud ping of bullets bouncing off Wanda’s magic shield.
“I’m getting to be an expert in Steve Rogers maintenance.” Tony bent over to pat Redwing. “How’s our girl?”
"It took awhile for us to get to this point. We broke up a couple of times, but we worked it out. Tony takes care of us. Steve keeps us in line. They're the glue that keeps this team together. Even before the whole getting together on their part."
“That’s- great. Uhm. This…can this still be a date? I mean, I know it was a bit of a surprise and you didn’t agree believing it was a date so-”
"You get used to it. Kind of." Sam tells him as he flies by, shooting projectiles from his wings. That was just too cool.
Fury summoned Tony to a meeting at the club. Tony was unexpectedly ushered into the large Founder’s Conference Room where Fury, Pym and T’Challa were already sitting. “Lord Stark,” Fury acknowledged, barely looking up from his map.
Nevertheless, one semester found them enrolling in the same course and sitting next to each other. Often, in my experience, people tend to become at least friendly if not outright friends with the people they sit next to. Tony and Steve… well, initially they didn’t actually get along. Somewhere along the lines, though, bickering became banter and vague irritation became friendship. They should totally thank their professor for pairing them together on that project, because it wasn’t until then that they really made that step to being friendly.
Stark snickers on the comms. "Less ogling, more fighting, Iron Man. You can ogle our hot captain later."
The man looked Steve and Sam over and then waved them through. “Got to keep that boy on a short leash, Wanda.”
Tony still couldn’t get past the fact that the king of the fuddy-duddies had issued actual rules, posted in prominent spaces in the camp, such as the dining and kitchen tent as well as outside Rogers’ office. Although, Tony had to admit that the rules had helped out with camp space when he had to settle disagreements between Jane and Bruce over tent lab space. Though he’d only admit that under threat of pain of death.
Tony had wandered off, saying he needed to clear his head. Clint had the first watch, Steve the second, and Sam the third. Clint didn’t have to wake Steve up for his watch. He’d had bad nightmares since he’d turned in about that last fight on Skull’s zeppelin.
Fury sent Tony out alone on a recon mission. Tony's been on radio silence for three hours now. Steve can't breathe. The worry is killing him. He's been staring outside the ship waiting for Tony to return.
“Good morning, ladies,” Tony announced. Both women jumped away from the crate, Wanda trying to hide her crowbar in her skirts. “Sooo, what are we doing this morning?”
"You are not allowed to proposition the other you at our dining table, Tony! Get a room!" Clint shouts from the living room.
Previous chapters all feature fills for stony bingo 2017 round two. Meanwhile, the fills in this chapter were all drawn for stony bingo 2017 round ONE
Steve could still feel the chill magic of the void clinging to his skin, even on a beautiful evening like this. What he could palpably feel was what he was missing out on. The world had moved on, leaving him in the dust. He couldn’t get a handle on anything going on. New books, new art, new stage shows.
the number of pies, 314, is a reference to pi, 3.14, and it's significant b/c it was pi day when he did the prank! (march 14th in the us is written as 3/14)
"Do I have a counterpart in your world?" His flowing blond hair would look great in a shampoo commercial.
It takes another two days before Reed tells them the portal is safe to use. Both Steve and Stark there during calibration, the former insisting he be present so that the three scientists don't get carried away and run through the portal yelling 'For science!'
“Better than us.” Rogers looked fondly down at the dinosaur. “Do you have something for her to gnaw on? She’ll shred your shoes or pillow if you’re not watching.”
Steve exchanged a quick look with Tony, who only shrugged. Then Tony blurted out, “Was anyone on this expedition for the purpose of this expedition?”
the story: married!stony. steve misplaces his wedding ring as he goes about a normal day of washing dishes, reading, painting, and watching tv; freaks out searching all over for it, and after giving up, thinking he’s lost it for good, tony to the rescue, having found it somewhere steve left it and forgot by mistake! :3
“Duck!” Steve shouted, pulling Tony down to the bottom of the wicker basket. “They’ve seen us.” A couple of bullets whizzed by.
They stood watching the moon, then the band played a slow song. “Can I have this dance?” Tony asked, as he stepped away from Steve and held out his hand.
T’Challa paused thoughtfully. “I am not inclined to join an expedition. But I trust that you would do a good job with it. Director Fury and I have more to discuss, I think.”
Unlike Rogers, who had inexplicably been given the seat next to Tony. He turned to Tony. “This is a surprise, Lord Stark.”
Tony knew when someone was attempting to escape him. Rogers clearly lacked the polish necessary for a smooth and charming exit. “Imagine the long walk from the back with all the applause.”
‘Priceless’. I was a bit stuck on this one, but one idea I had was cap fanboy kid!Tony’s Captain America stuff collection. Because for kid tony this stuff was priceless, cap represented something for him that was beyond value. anyway uh I hope this still fills the prompt… tony’s eventual love for steve as an adult is still influenced by his childhood love for captain america, i would think, even if he sees steve as more than the image/icon and his feelings are beyond idolizing/fanboyishness now…
By the time Tony and Steve got to the beach, Clint and Pietro were being grilled by Natasha, Nakia and Hope. Sam followed behind with his map of the Savage Land.
Tony was also attempting to get along with Miss Van Dyne. She was charming, smart and clever and completely refused to answer any of Tony’s direct questions.
Steve could feel the beating heart of the dinosaur against his chest. He worried about the labored breathing and didn’t care about the claws biting into his skin.
Tony frowned. He pursed his lips as he pondered why exactly he disliked the dinosaurs as pets fad. “People have had dinosaurs as pets for only three years. Dinosaurs need specific environments and care. Who knows what conditions dinos are living in now, in the city. Are they getting the right food, care and medical treatment? And they have to be coming from somewhere -- are they being smuggled in from the Savage Land for starters? What about breeding -- you don’t get cat-sized dinosaurs from the natural sized version without some intervention? And is that good for the dinosaur?”
They're perfect. Together and separately. They orbit each other, almost codependent. He wants that with his Steve. He wants...
"Shut up, Stark! You do not have the right to talk to MODOK about ego!" The thing shakes his tiny fist at Iron Man. Then turns to blast Tony out of the sky.
“It’s not something I like to think about, no. I know Wanda uses magic. But it makes my skin crawl -- remembering the Void.”
"Well, if you're anything like me, you'll know I'm not averse to sharing unless it's very important to me. Steve's very important and I'm quite possessive of him. But I saw the way he looked at both of us. So this is for him," Stark says.
And many dances later, when they stumbled into Steve’s hotel room for a more private dance session, Steve was grateful to see that Redwing and her bed had mysteriously been moved out, no doubt to stay with Sam for the night. Steve decided he owed Sam a lot for that consideration.
fill for square Y2: ‘Skrulls!’ skrull steve creeping on tony, while real steve is running to the rescue after escaping the skrulls’ ship
Steve had spent the last thirty years and a bit trapped in a magical stasis, for a long enough time that his friends had moved on well into middle age with their children grown and nearer to Steve’s own age. Indeed, Tony Stark hadn’t even been a gleam in Howard’s eye when Steve fell into the void.
“Vibranium,” Tony exhaled. “The rarest metal on earth -- one of my mentors at the university had a tiny sample of it.” He turned to Rogers. “Dr. Yinsen had to keep it under lock and key, in case someone attempted to steal it. I was allowed to briefly handle the sample. I’ve never seen another bit of vibranium since then.”
"Seems to be getting power from an internal source, completely off the Sector's power grid." Clint replies. "It must be how they kept whatever it is secret for so long. They don't draw power, they don't do anything suspicious, the InterStates don't notice."
“Not through customs or banks, no taxes, paperwork, or questions. It’s just my brother Pietro and I now -- we’re just a means of getting things from one place to another and we are very small cogs in the machine.”
Tony ignored the quizzical looks from the others as he walked over to Bruce. Rogers appeared lost for a moment until he found Sam by the window.
They went through twisty paths through alleyways filled with crates and trash and warehouses which grew more dilapidated and rundown as they moved away from the main port areas. Miss Maximoff fit more into the setting, her clothes and odd manners a piece with the people they saw.
He had largely ignored the latest rage in pets. But Tony had distinctly low opinions of people who kept dinos as pets. Incidents like this reminded him why the idea of dinosaurs as pets was a terrible idea from start to finish. He’d heard the arguments about training, good breeding and handling. Tony remained unconvinced.
Nakia had arrived, dressed in subdued clothing and a large hat, with Barton following behind bringing her trunk. Romanoff smiled as if she was meeting her long-lost sister.
“Director Fury said that you might meet us here,” Rogers said. Tony did a double take at Steve’s comment.
"Unless you're in the ship with him." Stark replies with an eyebrow waggle making Tony snort. "Think of all those cold nights in space sexying up with this." He gestures to Steve's everything.
"I hope no supervillain attacks today." Stark sips his coffee and lowers himself into one of the dining room chairs. "How's your head?"
(idk if this is in character or realistic dialogue! i dont person well and i have trouble articulating stuff abt anxiety, my anxiety makes problems for me and relationships, so i was trying to get that across for steve. and i tend to run on when i write, so when i have to be concise it ends up sounding choppy… but i finished the thing so that’s good enough for me..)
And now five years later, here they are, patrolling sector 1872 because SHIELD offered Steve a job, much like his old one but on a larger scale. The guy just can't leave a chance to help people well enough alone. And since Tony can't leave Steve alone, he and the rest of their band of misfits from Timely followed their sheriff onto the Avenger to sail through space and uphold the peace. Honestly, he'd follow Steve to hell and back, if only to protect the man from his tendency to jump off planes without a parachute. Nevermind that he's been in love with him for almost a decade.
Redwing butted her head against Steve’s knee for head scritches. “Never get tired of those, do you?” Steve said with a smile.
The Savage Land, a strange place truly left behind by time, loomed large in people’s imaginations. Difficult to reach, filled with dinosaurs, monstrous mammals, and covered with immense thick and overgrown rain forests. Not the land around the south pole, but close to it and defying all known laws of climate and weather.
“I wanted to go over shipping manifestos for my equipment. I can write up my concerns and relay them to you later.”
Steve picked her up, and she settled down in the crook of his arms. He looked up at Tony. “You don’t mind?”
Steve nodded slowly. It wouldn’t be the first crank letter that he had received, promising danger and conspiracies. With his training, Sam was quick to winnow out the wheat from the chaff and Steve relied on him to screen out the crazies.
Steve felt a deep warmth within his bones for the first time in a long, long time. Tony looked after him attentively, making sure that food and drink were all at hand and that Steve wasn’t standing in a draft or stuck in a corner. It felt nice, being looked after, being part of the crowd, knowing he wasn’t being left behind, nor needing to make any plans for tomorrow.
Tony had his own suspicions about the expedition ever since the discovery of the first crate had been broken into. “We’ll need to keep observing.”
Steve had Hope, Scott, Natasha, and Thor set up as a defensive line with the guns. Nakia and Bruce were dispatched to help Tony with his work. Jane hid in Steve’s tent with Redwing.
“Ships. Men. Crates, tents, supplies. Camp with wooden buildings and a dock. Like a real port town,” Clint described.
Overall it was considered far better, more chic and stylish and a real career move to belong to the New Explorers’ Club. Steve had been back once to the old club, felt incredibly sad to see the disrepair and neglect in a building that had once meant so much to him. But that was his life in a nutshell.
The layout of the camp was simple -- the people tents were on one side, the common area with the huge open tent for dinners and entertainments in the center, and the tents for the supplies, crates and equipment on the other side. An hour before dawn there was no need for anyone to be on the equipment side of the camp.
Steve’s offer hangs over his head, and he can't decide if he's excited or scared. It will be a once in a lifetime experience. If nothing happens with him and his Sheriff, at least he'll have this. Even if it's a different Steve, in a different universe.
But Steve had lived. And was living. Sometimes Steve had the feeling that the world preferred him to be missing than alive. It was convenient and tidy and his life story had been wrapped up neatly with a big bow, monuments and solemn remembrances. Being alive kind of undermined the pleasant narrative.
“We found Redwing in a shady market, she was the last of her litter and the only survivor. Wanda said that big money was being made by the smuggling ring.”
Then a voice is projected from the hauler, "Unidentified aircraft. You are trespassing on AMC grounds and airspace. Move away or be shot down. This is your only warning."
Funny thing about multiverse travel is that time passes differently in different worlds. It's something Tony plans to study later when he has the chance. When he left Sector 1872, it was only just past nine a.m. but when he landed here, it was late afternoon. Stark did say that some worlds move slower than others and some are in the same wavelength as theirs.
They walked towards the camp. “I should have trusted you and the others earlier,” Tony admitted. “I’ve been betrayed before -- my old business partner and I went on an expedition. He’d set the whole thing up so I’d be killed by raiders. Didn’t work out that way.”
"He can be the low key version and you keep being you. No one will notice." Natasha adds while eyeing them both. "You know how people never think Clark Kent and Superman are the same people? Do that. You can even take Steve. It'll be fun. Like a threesome."
“None -- I don’t have even an idea of when it arrived. I walked by the front door and saw it. Just remembered to give it to you.”
I realize i dont have tony mentioning what takeout he got, but it’s chinese food bc its what we usually get. the place we go to when we takeout gives us our order in a bag with a yellow smiley face and the words thank you on it, so that’s why the bag he’s holding has that.
“It’s a multiple shot, automated loading gun -- Stark Industries developed it after the war, in case we needed to fend off HYDRA again.”
It didn’t help that he had a feeling that there was a lot more going on with the expedition than Fury or Rogers had told him. Although Rogers did mention that he was planning on setting that pet dinosaur of his free.
"Nothing yet except for a few negligible ones from the local outpost and settlements, but it's early. Maybe they don't start work before nine a.m." He sees a few scattered buildings on the left, enclosed by a fence. The HUD tells him they’re registered as an office and storage facility for Advanced Mech Corporation. It also says so on the sign outside the fence. "There's an AMC facility here. It's not showing up on my map but I can see it. Not much activity, just a couple of trucks and a few haulers.”
On the night of the New Explorers’ Club dinner, Lord Tony Stark, lately of New Timely City, arrived to some fanfare at the Club in his version of a horseless carriage, a sporty number driven by his latest updated steam engine. He’d decided against bringing a companion for dinner. Pepper had received her own invite but preferred to have a rare night off.
“I misread the crate.” Hope pushed the crate top back into place. “Wanda, where’s the crate with the coffee?”
“Who would want to break into the crates?” Tony asked. “It’s not like anyone can smuggle something off this ship.”
“Ready to go back?” Steve said. Redwing was sleeping on his feet and he had a tankard of moonshine in one hand. A sweet evening breeze blew through the tent.
He gets his chance later, when Steve offers him a hand as they invite him up to the penthouse. With a full belly and a slight buzz from two beers he's had, he happily accepts.
The Zeppelin War had its clarity. Hydra unleashed its invading forces on the countries to its west and east, conquering as it came. Marvel had been one of the last countries fighting desperately for its freedom, and Captain Rogers had been its bright and shining hero, his exploits loudly proclaimed in screaming newspaper headlines, cyclorama and lantern slide shows, stage shows, colorful art circulars and books. Steve had fought like hell against Hydra, with his special ops team, the Howling Commandos, at his side.
She squawked at Steve to pick her up. He knew that if he picked her up, he was taking her to the ship and home.
"Perhaps the time will come sooner than you think. I once came upon a world where some of us were villains and Steve was still frozen in ice. But despite the odds, we still joined forces in the end."
Is Steve confessing? Is he apologizing? Tony is so confused. "What do you mean by missing your chance?"
"Let's not." Steve let out a laugh. But he turns serious again when he meets Tony's eyes. "I thought I lost you. And I never got to tell you how much you mean to me."
"The one who won the pot doesn't get to complain." Sam calls out. The kid is eating his weight in chips and soda.
To his credit, Rogers looked supremely unimpressed by Pym’s comments. “Director Fury, is there anything else?” Rogers asked.
They would, of course. They didn’t have much ammunition stockpiled to begin with and their rifles were no match for the Gatling guns.
"Now we just have to deal with the sickeningly sweet PDA." Bruce chimes in as he passes by to grab a beer.
Tony had long resisted returning to the city of his birth and family honors. His memories of New Timely were tied up in the less-than-pleasant remembrances of his father and those last years before his death. Naturally a man of boundless inventiveness, imagination, and intelligence, Tony felt constricted by the obligations of the family business and honors given by a grateful government. But the New Explorers’ Club and his science friends had lured him back to the city a few years ago. That, and wanting to leave the betrayals of his father’s business partner back in the west and in the past.
What's worse is when he finds Stark in Steve's lap, with Steve's arm around his waist as they sprawl on the sofa, totally relaxed and comfortable with each other.
Ok disclaimer, i haven’t drawn a horse since like, high school and i never mastered it, and i..chose not to use a reference. mistake, whatever. But, I don’t think it’s that bad! So - this is a fill for square
“We lost a shipment in the Savage Land, well, not that we lost it -- someone stole our airship! We need to get it back.” Pym thumped the table.
“My plans are to set up my telescopes here, after we set up camp --” Dr. Foster explained to the gathered science team.
For once, Rogers was not awkwardly standing or looking lost. Even though he was clad in civilian dress, he acted like a military officer, efficient in actions and words. Tony had not seen this side of him before -- the side that all the history books portrayed.
“I was informed that you had been caught up in a government investigation concerning fraud at your company but that you had brought attention to that fraud through theft.”
The table next to them glared at Pym’s outburst. He nodded at them and continued to talk with Hope in a lower tone. Tony noticed that an old acquaintance, Dr. Banner, was seated at that table. Bruce gave him a wave.
“Captain, you promised that you would stop the dinosaur smuggling. We have a lead now. You have to do something.”
“You know you want to. It will be fun times just like when we were in university. Lots of laughs, sciencing, the whole hog.”
The girl’s father apologized to everyone within eyesight while the little girl petted her momentarily winded pet. Tony glanced over to Rhodey, who tugged on Tony’s coat sleeve to steer him into the bookstore before Tony said anything.
Tony barged into the tent, sending Redwing scuttling for cover in Steve’s bedroom. “Captain Rogers, I demand --”
Tony tipped his head to the side as he considered the options. “That seems a bit of a stretch, Rogers. Theft is the easiest explanation. Maybe the thief thought that they were in the food hold and wanted to grab extra snacks.” He drummed his fingers on his thigh. “That crate --”
"Will do. Thanks, Matt." Steve says. "We'll definitely check it out. I'll let you know what we find."
possible fill for square N5, ‘wooden box’ - they got shrunk down and have to climb over this to get to the vilain? (the space is so tight they cant go around them i guess)?
Nat sinks next to him on the sofa, a tumbler of vodka in hand. "You're lookin' a little lost in thought there, Stark."
Tony groaned. It was Captain Rogers again and his rude friend. After introductions all around, Rhodey and Miss Romanoff surprisingly fell into easy conversation.
While waiting for his coat and hat, Tony pondered. Maybe he should be out there meeting people. He could feel the tug of loneliness more often than he prefered. But he’d learned the hard way that people couldn’t be trusted, and that flaws were often hidden behind smiling faces and shining reputations.
"Are you on board with this?" Steve asks Tony as if he's not given his word this morning. His warm hands slowly caress up Tony's forearms in a delicious slide that makes him lean forward into that broad chest.
Rogers pulled the porthole window shut. “It’s the most secure place I could locate that wouldn’t generate gossip.”
Then Rogers had the nerve to post camp rules in the camp. He’d even been a complete and utter tool by announcing them at a camp meeting. Like rules mattered.
They've been recognized by some people but most didn't bother them. It’s mostly Steve who receives the attention. Even in a white t-shirt and jeans, the man's presence and over-all Steve-ness exudes patriotism and freedom even when he isn't trying.
“Join you?” T’Challa frowned thoughtfully. “The idea is very tempting, indeed. But to do so would draw attention to the expedition in ways that would risk discovering the smugglers.”
Those plans included a huge farewell party for the expedition. Not everyone was planning to go on to New Timely. Dr. Foster was traveling with Thor to an observatory to the south. Hope and Scott had their own plans on getting back to New Timely; Hope had said something about taking a slow steamer and sightseeing along the voyage. As for everyone else, there was work waiting for them.
Before Nakia left for Wakanda, Tony got the name of that restaurant where they had met T’Challa when they first came to the city. “I have plans,” he said to Steve mysteriously.
He had been assigned to Rogers’ airship. Natasha was in charge of the other airship and Barton was handling the cargo airship. At least they would be traveling in relative modern comfort for the first leg of the journey.
“Captain Rogers, I am glad to meet you,” the young woman said. “I am Wanda Maximoff -- I wrote to you about the animal smuggling in New Timely. Mister Wilson said that you were interested in my information.”
A contingent of the Wakandan army and the Dora Milaje were waiting for them, as Nakia promised. At first Steve had been concerned about who had jurisdiction. “They stole vibranium -- it’s a higher capital crime in Wakanda than theft of private property. These people will see justice.”
He wished he could say something to Tony before the fight. But no time for any of that. He ran to his tree. Sam was already tying his rope to his tree. He waved to Steve before taking cover. The dinos were now breaking through the tree line and through Wanda’s fading shield. He had minutes to secure the rope.
"Just remembering my team. Yours reminds me so much like them. Not just friends but like family, y' know?"
"Not my fault these two couldn't get their heads out of their asses to see what's in front of them sooner. It's a good thing neither of them has actually died." Bruce shakes his head at the couple on the sofa and Stark makes kissy faces at him.
They have airships now, Steve thought as the ship pitched back and forth on the stormy sea. We could have taken one of those down to the Savage Land.
No one said anything until they were out of the crowded, dilapidated warehouse and back on the path towards the Customs House and the bright sun.
Tony raises a hand. "Wait. Before you start yelling, I want to point out that I did not mean to fall into the portal. It was an accident---"
Nodding, Tony offered Steve more liquor. “I don’t like magic -- I have more faith in science -- it can be understood, reproduced and everyone gets the same results. Magic is more like an art, I guess.”
Somehow, Tony opened his eyes and mustered up the strength to stand back up on shaking legs. His heart panged with regret as he pulled himself out of his peaceful fantasy of laying with Steve. The only thing that kept him from laying back down was the promise of seeing the real Steve again if he made it out of here alive. That was all the motivation he needed to start moving again, desperately searching for the edge of the forest.
Tony started to gently run his fingers through Steve’s hair. Steve didn’t realize how much he had missed that feeling, and now it was almost overwhelming. He didn’t try to stop the tears from falling, he knew it would be useless. They fell hot and fast onto Tony’s chest, he just didn’t have the willpower or the energy to stop. They weren’t happy tears or sad tears, really, just tears of the pure intensity of the feeling.
Clutching the jacket firmly in one hand and the photograph in the other, Steve ran back upstairs. Tony had to be somewhere, and he was going to find him no matter what it took. When he opened the door, the first thing he saw was Natasha standing over a pile of unconscious Hydra agents.
“Steve?” The unmistakable sound of Tony’s voice came through the phone, and if Steve wasn’t already lying down he would have collapsed. He clutched the phone tighter in his hand, his knuckles going white.
“You’re right. Listen, the team and I have been talking about something for a while now...” Natasha sounded incredibly delicate and deliberate, like she was walking on eggshells.
The first few days after they came home hadn’t been easy. The toxin had lingering effects on Tony’s brain, so every time he woke up he seemed to think that he was still at the Hydra base. No matter how many times it happened, it always broke Steve’s heart. Seeing the great Tony Stark so terrified and helpless was a vision he would never be able to erase from his mind. But the doctors mostly had a handle on it now, and Tony’s memory lapses were becoming less and less frequent.
She nodded and handed him her phone, a reliable old Nokia. Tony wasted no time dialing the only number he still bothered to have memorized.
“Come sit with me,” Natasha said, handing Steve a warm chocolate chip cookie. “I want to talk to you.”
Steve nodded, not really believing her but not wanting to argue about it. “You didn’t come here just to say that.”
Steve couldn’t talk to anyone when he finally got on the plane, and luckily everyone decided to leave him alone. He slid down the wall and sat on the cold floor, his face buried in Tony’s jacket. It still smelled like him, despite the dirt and the blood.
Tony laughed, and the soft rumble Steve heard in his chest was his new favorite sound in the world. He made a mental note to make him laugh more often when he had his head on Tony’s chest.
47 days. 47 days since Steve had last seen the love of his life, and he never even kissed him goodbye. Those 47 days felt more like a lifetime going by at a snail’s pace as the guilt and longing and rage were all eating him alive. Most of all, it was he not knowing that was killing him. Not knowing where the hell Tony was, or what was happening to him, or
“Oh my god.” The park ranger knelt down in front of Tony and gently turned him onto his back. Her eyes darted from his face to the arc reactor and back, widening in shock. Even beat up and sickly, Tony Stark was still one of the most recognizable faces on the planet.
A young SHIELD agent tapped Steve on the shoulder and pulled him out of his trance. “Um, Captain, sir? We’ve just analyzed the blood from the counter and we can confirm that it was Mr. Stark’s,” he said nervously.
to. But just as he was about to turn around and go upstairs, a dark jacket hanging on the back of the chair caught his eye. It looked familiar.
, Steve thought. But Tony wouldn’t leave the door to the apartment open if he was down in his lab, right? “Tony?” He called out again, still no response.
It was late in the evening when Steve heard a knock at the door of his apartment. He was laying on the couch wearing one of Tony’s old sweatshirts and he really
Steve took a long breath to steady himself, letting Tony’s words sink in. He knew that Tony really was there, and that he wasn’t leaving, but some part of him deep down still needed more time to truly believe it.
He started crawling away from the light in a panic, futilely trying to escape from who he assumed was a Hydra agent. He couldn’t remember the last time in his life that he was this terrified. He wasn’t even this afraid in Afghanistan. Back then he had so much less to live for.
When Tony first woke up, he thought he was hallucinating. After all, there was no way he could really be lying comfortably in Steve’s lap, safe and warm and free from the clutches of Hydra. 47 days of captivity would make anyone paranoid. The toxin must have finally made him go crazy, that had to be it. He couldn’t really be with Steve, he must be with a Hydra agent who was about to inject him with another dose of the poison. Panicking at the thought, Tony practically jumped out of Steve’s lap and slid across the floor of the quinjet, realizing in horror that he was too weak to stand.
With that, the three avengers dropped out of the helicopter and parachuted down to their respective targets. Steve had his eye on the guard he was supposed to get past before he even hit the ground. He wasted no time, running full speed at the startled man. But before the guard had any time to react, an arrow came shooting out of the sky and planted itself firmly between his eyes. He collapsed in front of Steve without a word.
I know I originally said this would be 5 chapters but obviously this is not the end! It'll probably end up being 7 chapters, maybe more if there's interest! I'm really enjoying writing this story and I appreciate all your comments and kudos!
He started kicking down doors, finding supply room after supply room and growing increasingly more frustrated as there were no signs of Tony. When he came to the last door in the hall he closed his eyes before he kicked it down, praying that he would find Tony alive inside.
Luckily, they didn’t have far to go and they arrived at the quinjet before any of the Hydra agents could find them. Steve clambered awkwardly into the hatch, refusing to put Tony down even for a second.
Natasha sighed and took Steve’s hand. “We all think it’s time to accept the fact that Tony might be dead.”
,” Steve said, feeling hot tears fill his eyes as the long seconds continued to pass without any change. He gripped Tony’s hand in his own and held on like his life depended on it.
Natasha wasted no time getting the jet in the air and out of the reaches of Hydra. Only when they were beyond the forest did Steve finally relax and sit down against the wall, Tony still in his arms. He had been so tense and so afraid of the arc reactor not working or the Hydra agents finding them that he hadn’t been able to fully let himself revel in the fact that Tony was
When Steve returned home that evening, he paused when he saw that the door to the penthouse had been left open just a crack.
Then Steve walked into the kitchen, and he could have sworn his heart stopped dead in his chest. The fridge was wide open. A carton of milk was on the floor, spilled all over the tiles. And there was blood splattered on the countertop.
Somewhere deep in the woods, hundreds of miles away, Tony Stark burst through a door. He was bloody and bruised and weak, but most definitely alive. Looking to the stars for direction, he began to run.
Steve took a deep breath as the helicopter started to slow down. It was almost time, and he had to be ready. Tony’s life was on the line, so there was no room for error. He closed his eyes to center himself. If he was going to do this, and do it right, he had to turn off Steve Rogers and switch on Captain America.
Steve shook his head and ran down the hallway, kicking down doors that were already unlocked and frantically searching every room and closet multiple times, even though he knew Natasha had already looked. It was futile and stupid, but he wasn’t going to leave the base without Tony.
Steve nodded and turned away from the agent. The information shouldn’t have been surprising. He had assumed it was Tony’s since he had first seen it, but some small part of him had been hoping that the blood belonged to the assailant. That Tony had been able to fight back. Not for the first time that day, he wanted to scream.
, and all of these people were just standing around his apartment, staring at spilled milk and getting absolutely nowhere with the security footage. It was driving him crazy, especially because he knew there was nothing
Steve couldn’t help but feel excruciatingly guilty about that lack of progress. He just knew that if it was the other way around, if he was the one missing, Tony would have been able to find him in hours, not weeks. He was letting Tony down with every passing second. He was too late getting home that day, too late getting to the Hydra base, and too late looking for nonexistent clues. Everyday someone told him that it wasn’t his fault, but no one could convince him. He just kept obsessing over all the things he should have done differently.
Steve snapped himself back to reality. Tony couldn’t have been shot, there wasn’t nearly enough blood for that. Besides, standing there freaking out was obviously not going to help anything. He closed his eyes and took a few concentrated breaths, trying to focus. The milk was still cold, so whatever happened couldn’t have been too long ago. If someone kidnapped Tony, they couldn’t have gotten far. He just needed to stop wasting time.
In the weeks since the failed rescue mission, Steve had grown more and more distant from his fellow Avengers. He would see them at HQ when searching for seemingly nonexistent clues, but rarely answered their calls or accepted their invitations to spend time together. He knew he should be relying on them for support, but most of the time he just wanted to be alone. They didn’t deserve to have to see him so broken and pathetic.
More than 500 miles away, Steve was lying awake on the couch stewing over his fight with Natasha. She had tried to call him at least five times since he had kicked her out a few hours earlier, but he had no interest in talking to her. He didn’t want to hear the words “Tony” and “dead” together in the same sentence ever again. So when his phone started ringing at 2:45 AM, he waited a few rings before he even looked at the screen. When he finally looked, he stared at the words “Unknown Caller” for a few moments, debating whether or not it was just Natasha trying to trick him into talking to her.
Steve sighed and shifted his weight closer to Tony, going back to counting his breaths. He was so mesmerized by it that he didn’t notice when Tony woke up.
I've had a lot of fun writing this story and I hope you all enjoyed this final chapter. Please let me know what you think in the comments!
. It had become a bit of a compulsive habit. He often found himself staring at Tony’s chest, watching it rise and fall over and over again. It was the most beautiful sight in the world, and for so long Steve had thought that he was never going to see it again. Sometimes he liked to rest his fingers on Tony’s wrist, just to feel the steady thrum of his heartbeat. He needed the reassurance that this wasn’t all some cruel joke, that Tony was really here with him again after all this time.
Steve stopped running and did a 360 degree scan of the forest, determined to spot any clue that could lead him to Tony. He was about to give up and shout out for him again when he finally saw it: a dim, flickering light in the distance. Placing all his hopes onto that one flickering light, Steve ran at full speed towards it. Time seemed to go in slow motion as he approached the light, though his heart was beating faster than he could ever remember.
Silence. Her words hung heavily in the air. Steve let go of her hand but otherwise sat completely still, stone-faced but quickly turning several shades paler.
Natasha finally broke the silence. “We want to have a funeral for him. It’s been weeks, Steve, and I think it would really --”
“TONY?” He screamed again, a sense of panic and dread setting in. This couldn’t be happening. After all this time, he couldn’t get so close to finding Tony and then have it all be ruined by Hydra at the last minute. This was his last chance and he knew it. Hydra had kept Tony alive this long, but they wouldn’t let him live much longer after his escape. Tony
“Don’t go live with a bunch of Nazi bastards for six weeks ever again, got it,” Tony said with a snarky grin, leaning against Steve for balance. Steve chuckled and held him up. There was no way Tony was going to let him carry him into the med bay like a baby.
Three miles away from an underground Hydra base, Tony Stark finally collapsed in the middle of a dark forest. He could hardly believe he had even made it that far, but he didn’t feel like he was any closer to finding civilization. As he laid his head against the soft dirt of the forest floor, all he wanted to do was sleep. He was so weak and so exhausted, an hour or two of sleep couldn’t hurt, right? He closed his eyes for a moment and imagined he was laying in bed, his head on Steve’s chest and their legs tangled together. His happy place. He could stay here forever.
“I missed you so much,” Tony said simply, his voice tired and soft. He closed his eyes and let his head fall against Steve’s shoulder. After all he had been through, he just wanted to sleep.
Tony hated hospitals. Most of the time, he would do anything to avoid spending even an hour in a hospital bed. He could usually take care of himself, anyway. He didn’t like people doting over him like some injured bird. But he wasn’t about to protest now. The adrenaline had worn off and every inch of his body seemed to be screaming that something was wrong. Leaning heavily on Steve, he limped out of the quinjet and into the medbay, his head held high.
Maybe Fury would have a new expedition for Steve. He’d been in New Timely for a couple of months now and he was already itching to go out again. Pack up his few belongings and break his lease and head out into the wilds of the world. If not, he would follow up with T’Challa, who had broadly hinted at a job for Steve.
“Only found out it was a thing before I left on this expedition,” Tony admitted. He was unsettled by Rogers’ easy admission.
It was only through luck, quick thinking, and the frankly outstanding skill of Doctor Banner that Steve survived. Then Tony donned his experimental armor and kicked ass along with the rest of the town to avenge their Sheriff and rid it of corruption.
Timely is a busy place that attracts all sorts of travellers and ruffians and people passing through on their way to a much livelier city. It’s what led Tony to it in the first place, when he left New York to get far away from his old life of building weapons. He never lacked for work in Timely and what little free time he had, he put into his personal projects.
Tony turned to Rogers, who gave him a puzzled look back. Right. Tony was the money and Rogers the muscle. Just how Fury was going to connect all the loose threads was the only mystery left. And Tony was along for the ride.
"Here you go, boys." Steve presents them with paper bags full of something that makes Tony’s mouth water from just the scent. "Want to find a place to sit or walk around while eating?"
“I am sincere in my confusion. I was given to believe by Fury that you had been informed of all the aims of the expedition.”
Glancing between them, Tony can tell this is true. Stark gives him a wink he knows all too well, having given it many times himself while Steve just looks on with a small smile. The thought of sleeping with the two of them isn’t entirely unappealing, it’s just unexpected. And fast. He’s a stranger in a strange land and yet, he knows that given enough time, he’d come to feel right at home here. One night won’t hurt, right? It’s not like he and his Sheriff are together and this Steve is just different enough…
“Fury and I have been investigating AIM for the past year. Not for smuggling though -- we were looking into bank fraud.”
Tony was irresistible in the white summer suit he’d somehow gotten his hands on. Steve felt dizzy as Tony took him by the hand to lead him up a winding staircase to the roof. Above them the bright full moon soared. Steve could hear the music from the raucous party going on downstairs. “It’s beautiful,” Steve said in awe.
He passed by an annoyed Rogers on the way back to the table. Jan leaned over towards him when Tony sat down. “You could have left off the sarcasm in the last line.”
“Yeah, he’s the greatest.” Also Scott seemed to be Rogers’ number one fan boy in camp, which didn’t get on Tony’s nerves as much as he might have thought. “He’s an artist so he explained composition and framing to me.”
As for Captain Rogers, he’d met Rogers a week after he’d been rescued from the Void. Everyone had been excited by the news. Rogers had disappeared right after saving hundreds of thousands of people all over the world in the last battle of the Great Zeppelin War. He’d taken down a fleet of death ships. Tony had grown up surrounded by stories of how great Rogers was. Howard filled their house with memorabilia and talked incessantly about the man, whom he had known. A fan in childhood, Tony had become more skeptical as he grew older and more alienated from his father.
“Dammit,” Steve says, and then immediately regrets it, because the droop to Tony’s shoulders and the way he won’t meet his eyes anymore aren’t even necessary for Steve to know that his words have been taken the wrong way. He knows Tony, knows how he’d interpret that kind of response.
"It was either this or a car battery. And the way they were drowning me everyday wasn't great for survivability while holding a car battery."
now.” He says, and then promptly blushes. Tony beams, though, which makes it worth it, before the hesitation returns to his expression.
“Oh, okay. Good. So, where do you want to go first once we get there?” Tony’s hand slips into Steve’s. It’s a good Wednesday in the city.
Later that day, Tony received a short note from Rogers asking to meet him in the ship captain’s ready room.
“Sure. But I think you’d want to talk to Natasha -- she’s been on alert for something the past couple of days. Hasn’t said anything, but you know what she’s like when she's working on something.”
“Hurry up, Barton will be by soon on his morning patrol,” Hope hissed at Wanda. “Next crate, open the next crate.”
Tony Stark is a grad student at a small but heavily-populated university, one which Steve Rogers, a visual arts bfa student, also attends. Tony could probably tell you all about the statistical chance of the two of them meeting and becoming friends in a school like their’s, where there are a hell of a lot of people, and he’d probably say something that amounts to ‘it was a very small chance’.
He waved her off. “I don’t need a pet. I just can’t see someone owning a brontosaurus for the long haul. The only place where dinosaurs are wild is the Savage Land. How did we get here from there?”
Tony pulled on his jacket, only to notice Rogers surreptitiously checking him out. That was a nice bit of flattery there.
Urgh. Why is he even thinking about this at all? He's never had a good track record with relationships. Best to just keep this to himself. Steve deserves better than an ex-arms dealer with blood in his hands.
Some sort of mob AU? or romeo and juliet-esque thing, illicit romance where they meet in dark alleys? idk ^.^
“One of the highest duties of the king of Wakanda is to protect and preserve our vibranium sources. I take it personally when I hear about misplaced vibranium. I would like to retrieve the missing ore.”
Tony watches them go as Steve slowly steps back and returns his personal bubble, his hands still on Tony's elbows.
“Found it! A way out of the cave!” Steve said. He pushed through a narrow break between the rocks and then pop, they were on the other side of the cave.
They had gone out to dinner at sidewalk cafe. Nat already had plans for checking in on an old friend. Though Steve suspected that was a cover story. He couldn’t quite put his finger on what Fury was up to. He hadn’t talked like the executive director of an explorer’s club. Steve had a sinking feeling that he had worked with people like Fury before, back in the Zeppelin War.
so tony is like wtf im wearing metal and takes off his shirt to see what’s with that, and then they’re both ??? about the chestplate for a bit. after they get their memories back steve is all !!!! oh my g-d you’re ironman!!!! and tony freaks out bc oops…
“They are all the rage back in New Timely -- dinosaur pets. You could fuel a couple of years of research if we brought back a boatload of the things.”
Steve tucked the small dinosaur with the water-soaked rag inside his jacket to warm it up. “We’re good to go.”
Tony whirled around to see an embarrassed Captain Rogers. “Rogers,” he snapped, more from the annoyance of seeing the Captain than from being smacked into.
“Easy guess.” Tony sipped his drink. He should have talked Pepper into coming with him. He could feel himself slipping into the role of the third-wheel already. “You can’t tell the difference between him and an automaton. Maybe that’s how he survived the Void.”
fill for square S3, 'au of your choice' -- a gem!au :D (i don't even watch the show, but i am enamoured with the concept!)
“I’m not keen on that,” Tony admitted. He studied Rogers for any sign of his thoughts on the matter. Tony had assumed that Rogers would be dead set against any magic user given his years in the Void.
out! And then you asked me and I had no idea!” Steve continues hastily, trying not to stumble over the words in his hurry.
He ignores the way his heart speeds up at Steve's words. Don't get your hopes up. It's not like that.
“There -- look at those crates.” Nakia pointed to the stacks of cargo on the dock as she lowered her binoculars. “They have Wankandan markings.”
Steve groaned slightly as he woke up. From what Tony could see, Steve had taken the brunt of AIM‘s offensive attacks, when Steve had jumped in front of the soldiers to protect Tony from a severe beating.
"Like regulated power on a closed circuit. So, the power source they were using was to nudge it but not to actually make it work--" Tony moves closer to inspect the writings on the portal. The humming grows louder and the unknown writing lights up. "I did not do that."
"This is my tower. Technically, all the rooms are mine!" Stark yells back making both Tony and Steve laugh.
“Is this supposed to be a date?” Steve blurts, looking at Tony, whose eyes have gone wide. There’s a pause, and now they’re both aware that the people nearest them are watching now.
A couple of days later, Tony’s aching back got him out of bed before dawn, which added to his overall grouchiness. He bargained with himself that he would take a quick walk around the camp to work out the cramps, then sneak back to bed for another couple of hours of sleep.
Except that magic was involved. Magic was a dirty word among scientists, for good reason. But Erskine knew that Red Skull, Hydra’s leading general, was blending both magic and science in all his new technologies. Fight fire with fire, Steve guessed. It didn’t quite work out the way that Phillips had planned when Erskine was assassinated.
"Sir, AMC has been operating here for six months," JARVIS, his snarky AI and friend, reports. "On the outside, it is a storage facility. They do a lot of business in the area delivering machine parts and doing custom work. But digging deeper, I found suspicious encrypted data for it to be as you say, 'up and up'. Also, there appears to be an underground facility that is not on the map or the original blueprints."
A hollowed-out 3D map of said underground facility appears. It shows a total of five large rooms with several heat signatures indicating people. Using the same sonic waves to scan the area, one room shows structures that Tony cannot identify without directly seeing them for himself.
Something resonated deep within Tony. He’d only ever been on the one expedition. That one had felt different too. “In what way?”
Hope spent the rest of her day telling the rest of the expedition members what she had been doing and that to make it up to them she and Lang would take on the cooking and cleaning duties for the next week or so.
They find a bench in Central Park where they pass the time trading stories and enjoying the food. Tony can't help but notice how Steve and Stark can't seem to keep their hands off each other. Not in any sort of sexual way, but in what Bruce had said, casual PDA. It looks so easy, and yet, from what he’s learned since he arrived here, this easy affection was hard fought to achieve. His Sheriff is so much more reserved that seeing this Steve so open is jarring.
“I’m just a middle person -- Pietro and I have already stopped being involved with transport. We don’t know where the dinosaurs come from -- we’d get a contact from someone in Iceland and that was it.”
He gets a hug and kiss on the cheek from Natasha, a clap both shoulders from Clint, a hug from Sam and Bruce, and a slap on the back from Bucky.
Bruce joined them as they pointed the disruptor towards the snarling velociraptors. Steve and the others held their breath when the machine was flipped on. Steve heard a slight whining tone.
"Tony! What's happening?" Steve yells from across the room. He looks a bit worse for wear but overall fine. More than fine. Tony never fails to appreciate how good the man looks in blue.
The expedition members had a lot to sort out as they closed the camp to return home. They would sail back to Port City where Nakia would return home with most of the missing vibranium along with the criminals who stole it, to face Wakandan justice.
They would end up sitting in the porch drinking the moonshine that Tony and Bruce had been brewing up. Stars in the heavens above them, stars in Tony’s beautiful brown eyes. Steve felt the butterflies in his stomach each night, somehow expecting Tony to be busy fixing a machine and always grateful when Tony waved him in and gave him a drink.
“Sam was the one who found it. He caught it out of the corner of his eye. He didn’t think anything was amiss at first but a corner of the lid wasn’t flush with the box.”
The envelope was addressed to Captain Rogers, but had no stamp, no street address or other identifying marks. Steve flipped it back and forth. “No sign of who dropped this off?”
“Only if you’re interested,” Steve replies quietly. “Tony is curious, that’s all. And I’ll admit to being a bit too.”
“I am not comfortable with this either. I’ve had my own bad experiences with people Fury hired and some of the missions.”
Sensing that the air was clear, Redwing ventured out of the bedroom. Steve suspected that she really couldn’t resist being away from Tony, who was one of her favorite people. She made a beeline right to Tony, nudging him for scritches and pats. “Who’s a good dino?” Tony obliged, scratching her along her frill to her obvious enjoyment.
"Well, shit. Evasive maneuvers." He dodges another accurately thrown machine part as big as his head.
They didn’t talk for a few minutes and then Rogers suddenly stood up. “We should get going. Come on, Redwing.”
“Look down there,” Steve said. “They’re marching overland with the dino army, not taking the water route.”
Tony turned to see Rogers struck with wonder as he looked around Tony’s unpacked cabin and all his little projects he felt safe working on on the ship. Rogers looked closely at the telescope that Tony had pulled apart to redesign and then at the sextant.
Tony grunts as Cap bumps him out of the way while deflecting the blast with his shield. He rolls out of the way and lifts off again.
He settled down by the fire while Clint took over his tent. Something didn’t feel right, he knew it in his bones. He looked at each tent carefully, and saw that Tony’s seemed unoccupied. Steve went over to the tent and knew immediately that Tony had not returned from his walk. He flicked a match for light and saw gun and metal parts strewn across the bed along with traces of gunpowder.
