Steve remained still and let Ryder try his assumingly best. When Steve was done entertaining him, he twisted Ryder’s arm sharply against his back aggravating the still bleeding wound. Ryder hissed in pain.
“I told you to bring a jacket, but like a child you refused. Deal with the consequences and learn from them,” Natasha claimed bringing her bag closer to her body.
Peter handed the box to him and exclaimed that, “Shuri said the design you sent her was wonderful and she was honored that you asked her to make the rings. She also said thanks for sending pics of Tony’s bracelet to get an idea on how you wanted the rings to look.”
“Goodness, you’re gorgeous,” Steve announced, no hint of hesitation coloring his tone. “How could I not stare?”
“Mr. Bucky no,” Miles whined, arms stretched wide to the cup Ryder was holding out. Miles tried climbing out of Bucky’s grasp, but Bucky’s hold only tightened. He passed the small child over to Natasha.
“Tony you really need to stop watching those Hallmark movies,” Rhodey laughed. “They are changing how you view things.”
“He really did. A whole two days was wild for him unlike the rest of us who knew for three months,” Harley said. “Congratulations papa and dad. Now I’m thinking I be the best man to the wedding because after all I’m the favorite.”
He remembered how it had been returned to him the night of the gala with that piece of paper behind. The words from the note had left him short of breath and had given him the added incentive for what he had to do.
“I bet the reason you stayed was of how good it felt not to be lonely. I know you had realized that everyone around you disappointed you one way or another, mine was just a little physical. But hey, on somedays it wasn’t as bad as Howard’s, right? You remember how he could get?”
“How’d you do that?” Natasha addressed him rising from her kneeling position beside Tony to rest her bottom on the back of her heels.
He went through several exercises, still not feeling the need to cause damage leave his body. He didn’t even feel it leave, when Bucky offered to spar with him. During his sparring, he hadn’t even noticed his arm swinging to Bucky’s left causing him to fall harshly onto the floor.
Tony clenched his jaw as his teeth gritted together. Feeling liquid anger stream through his blood, he took a few calming breaths.
“Oh, yum this looks delicious,” Peter winced taking the cookie and discreetly placing it on the coffee table.
“Natasha give me your knife,” Steve bit out, ignoring the touch on his shoulder. “I’m tired of listening to this bullshit, and I think that it’s time to cut it out.”
“Do you want me to read it aloud?” Rhodey questioned. “Because I know you, if you don’t read it you’ll bug and worry yourself all day.”
“Yes,” Tony quietly said, as if frightened to disturb this moment with any loudness. His breath caught in his throat as Steve took the ring and slid it onto Tony’s ring finger. Tony held up his hand and laughed with joy.
Finally, he was able to separate himself from Ryder. After hours of walking around the room and introducing himself and answering questions Tony told Ryder he needed to go to the restroom. Instead Tony discreetly went off to a supply closet and went inside of it. He didn’t stop even as the Avengers followed him with their eyes. They had huddled into their own corner and were talking to the people closely associated with Tony such as Pepper, Rhodey, Leauna and her husband, Karen, Isa, and some people that Tony had worked with over the years.
Steve’s heart sank. He didn’t know how bad it was with Ryder, but Miles had once said Mr. Mean Bad One had made Tony cry and Steve’s thoughts were immediately going to the worst things possible .He hoped that his fears weren’t valid.
Harley set Miles back down on the floor. Miles squinted his head at the bright neon green Band-Aid and then turned his face toward Steve. Steve smiled and went back to cutting up some slices of cucumbers for the salad, when he felt something tugging his pants.
Tony reflects back to the night and remembers that he should have probably gotten something to eat. Rhodey had found a way to get FRIDAY to tell him when Tony wasn’t eating enough. Tony was still trying to find a way around this.
Clint closed the restroom stall door behind him and sat down in that cramped space. Steve tried saying something, but then his mind would go back to the list of Tony’s injuries and the list of unspoken trauma that he been inflicted on him.
“Diana!” the woman yelled loudly and suddenly a little girl around the age of six came running over. “Hey, pumpkin. You want to play with Miles, while I talk to his baba for a second?”
“Of course I understand. I would be concerned as well. However, he is in good hands. No, no. Well, he has to answer the call of any member of the Avengers. That is a matter of life and death. I will be sure to let him know you called though. Yes, you too. Goodbye.”
“Yeah, but we actually met through our moms, planning some group hangout. I mean I’m forever thankful for that, but I never actually had friends that I just you know met,” Tony explained. “So I was happy to hang out with him. We did a lot of that in the beginning, just hanging out.”
“Of course you are. And look it’s no problem. It’ll be nice to spend some more time with him. Plus Miles is really excited that Peter is going to be hanging out with us for a while,” Tony told her.
“Is there a reason why you are in your suit right now, when you are under specific instructions not to spider boy?” a voice said alight with teasing.
“And maybe it’s unconventional me asking you like this, but I can’t live with myself knowing that the only thing my son will remember me by our trips to the hospital. I want to go out and do something that he can be proud about. And I’ll rest easier knowing that he has someone like you watching over him, while I am away.”
Steve didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know what to do with his hands. He didn’t know how to make sure his team didn’t fall apart around him, while they all stayed stagnant in the waiting room. They had since all come back here, after tearing apart every single inch of the CMPNY headquarters. Every single member in that group had all been sent to the Raft. Steve had been unwilling to send a sympathetic glare to any of them, even those who had pleaded for their innocence. They had stayed there, knowing full well what Ryder was doing to Tony. That didn’t even include the business he was holding, experimenting on some of his members.
Tony smiled. No one said anything else as the sun began to set before them. Though their minds and hearts were heavy from the conversation, they didn’t allow it to weigh them down.
Bekah nodded. “Yes, I want to directly help. We get visits and I’ll make sure to keep in contact with my son. But I have to do this.”
“No, it’s fine. Ah, look can you just stay with me until I fall back to sleep. I know it’s probably childish, but I realized that I sleep better when you’re near. Weird I know seeing as though you’re the reason behind a few of my nightmares…though not so much anymore. And I probably shouldn’t have said that. It’s just the time in the kitchen when I fell asleep quickly you were there and just now on the couch you were there,” Tony trailed.
“Not all the times,” Steve agreed. He drew his fingers back and gathered some more lube. He had gotten up to three fingers by the time Tony got a little restless.
“Hey, Steve breathe,” Bucky said putting the bowl of soup down. He placed his hands on Steve’s shoulder and looked into Steve’s eye. “No one told you that either of you had to do this alone. He’s got the team, he’s got his family. This is a joint effort, where no one will stay benched on the side. Let that weight be shared with all of us, ‘kay punk?”
Bucky figured Ryder just wanted the same thing and there was no shame in that. At least that’s what he had thought.
It wasn’t unusual for Tony to be awake at odd ends of the day, but it was unusual for Tony to finally come to bed to sleep and later get up in the early morning. He knew nightmares were a possibility, but Steve would usually feel a sense of alert, during those moments and comfort Tony. So that means he either had some idea on his mind or needed to walk around for a bit.
Rhodey who was still recovering, along with Pepper, Sam, Clint, and Sharon offered to stay. Thor wanted to go, but he really needed to keep an eye on Loki. Steve turned toward them.
“Oh, okay,” Tony stuttered, but was quick to find himself again. “When are you coming back? I could probably arrange for Happy to be ready to pick you both up, when you all are done having boys’ night.”
Steve took Miles backpack and put it in the truck of the car, before helping Miles get situated in the backseat.
“Oh trust me, Pepper, Rhodey, and I have discussed this in great detail. I mean great detail,” Natasha stressed. “We all reached the same conclusion. You are an idiot and we all get to slap you at least once.”
She remained silent for the first two days. No matter what they did, she would not speak. It seemed that she had taken a vow of silence. They had found other people connected to Tony’s kidnapping, but much like Miriam they didn’t talk. Natasha had cross-referenced people who had just come into town the day Ryder came back to America with the video images of people at the supposed engagement party. They had rounded up about twenty-three individuals all of which still remained silent.
Steve then had to make the mental switch from Ryder to Isak in his head again. Damn, this was all so confusing.
That shove resulted in a dislocated shoulder. Luka was sent off for a day. Ryder followed in his wake and kissed the shoulder. He popped it back in place and massaged the ache settling in. Tony almost said thank you.
Next update will arrive this March 16 because I have to work at a film festival next weekend and won't be near my computer. (But be rest assured I have made certain precautions to make sure I actually update after all we only have three more chapters to go!!!!).
“Yes baba,” Miles said practically bouncing with excitement and ready to let go of Tony’s hands. “Alright, I get it. Can I go now?”
“So that’s why the tub of ice cream was halfway empty when I checked this morning?” Rhodey questioned laughing. “You let a kid persuade you into ice cream for breakfast.”
Tony looked down shyly and smoothed his thumb over the words. “Hopeful? I mean I know it feels silly,” he said trying to wave it off. He laughed a little. “Forget it.”
Tony followed Steve into their cart and waited for the ride to begin. Tony made no actions to stop his laughing as Steve tightly clenched the ride’s bar handles as they ride went up. However, he couldn’t stop his laugh, when Steve let out a startled gasp when they went down. Tony’s eyes burned bright with tears.
Enjoy Endgame. Remember don't spoil it and I will see you all on Saturday, unless you all will be recovering from the movie. Much love :)
“Yes, don’t come in. Who knows maybe Stark here will uncuff me and we can give you a little show of all the things Tony and I did. All the things Tony wanted, but never told anyone,” Ryder hissed. “Come on, uncuff me. I miss touching you. Don’t let us be separated any longer.”
“Our friendship, everything began to change and I didn’t know what to do. I thought…I’ve known him for two years and this was the first time he was acting this way. I thought we were at a good place after his family’s tragedy. I thought it put some things into perspective for him. He was nicer and more open. He was kind and gentle,” Tony said smiling at the thought of those days were Ryder had been one of the softest human beings he had known.
“Excuse me,” Steve said, but inwardly was grateful that Clint had stopped that outward train of thought. Tony didn’t need to know right now all the ways that he was planning on destroying Ryder. He sent out prayers once again, that the sadistic asshole that was Ryder truly was pretending to be his brother.
“So if you all decide to live with him again I need you to keep an eye on Ryder for me please. Look I do not trust you all, but in some manners I trust Ryder far less.  Just keep an eye on him for me and let me know how Tony is doing. I’m not able to monitor Tony 24/7 anymore because I’ll be in England for a few months. Also Rhodey’s been with his family, while he heals.”
“I…crap Bucky I don’t want you to feel bad. I’ve just been having a bad week, since you’ve been gone and I guess the fact that we didn’t get to celebrate our anniversary was the final nail in the coffin to a sucky week. I should have told you instead of punishing you for something that happens to the best of us. Just last week I forgot Sarah’s birthday.”
“I’m done running in fucking circles with you,” Steve laughed without an inkling of humor. “And that was your whole point. You wanted more time and you knew that everything you said would make me want to act on it more.”
“But she is here,” another girl said pointing behind Tony. Tony turned around to where she was pointing and smiled.
Tony grew still as he remembered the night that Ryder was referring to. Ryder pleased that Tony became still in his hold smiled heatedly at him as though himself remembering that night.
Sam nodded seriously, grabbed his building, and set it next to Thor’s. He held his hands behind his back and stood taller. He cleared his throat and stepped forward.
“Rhodey I am hurt. I feel betrayed. How could you do this to me? You know that I was the director in this romance movie and to have you not admit that you were making moves all along on the love interest. I…see if I ever make you updates on your suit again.”
Tony rested his head underneath Steve’s chin and traced imaginary shapes on his chest. His breathing that hadn’t evened out all the way was the only indicator that Tony was not falling asleep.
Steve smiled and began to clean Tony with the wet washcloth and the lavender and vanilla soap Tony loved so much. In between cleaning, Tony had indeed fallen asleep much too tired with all the events from the day all the way from spending time with the kids to dealing with Ryder.
“He’s a tough one, but he’s oh so perfect when you’re finally inside. He falls apart so prettily,” Ryder breathed.
Tony Stark? Causing Ryder pain? Oh if only they knew and saw the bruises Tony had to look at in the mirror for the past few weeks.
“And so you changed your name, your place of residency…does not seem to me like you believed this was an accident. As a child, you knew this was a murder and you wanted to get as close to safety as you could.”
His thoughts stayed with him until they had entered the entrance of the building. Their codes were still the same and the others were extremely grateful for this.
His phone rang. Everyone in the conference room sat still, wondering if it was Cali saying she’s found the driver. Steve located the phone in his pocket, ignoring Fury’s motion to put in on speaker. Heart thundering in his chest, he wondered if she’s not calling to tell them good news.
Isak nodded. “Okay, it was an accident. I’m sorry. Ryder come on, I believe you. Now just slow down okay, or stop. Let me drive us back to my house, okay? Look, we can get you some help.”
It had been two weeks since Isa had talked to them and Steve had finally admitted to himself that he should sign. So that morning he had planned on going to Tony and telling him so, but he had learned from a leaving Ryder that Tony had gone in to S.I. for a meeting.
Natasha let the corners of her lips lift in a semblance of a smirk. “Bucky’s right. Plus I don’t know about you all, but I’m ready to go inside and see just what Tony’s been up to since we left.”
He looked back at Tony and it did nothing to lighten him up. If anything, it only served to show how pale he had gotten against the brightness of the once dull room. He walked and then stopped as though he was afraid that his closeness would break Tony.
“Do you want the military to have the ability to march into a town for whatever reason they deem necessary. And it may be justified. Then they leave the town impoverished because of people losing jobs, due to their businesses being destroyed. Children getting sick because of all the debris or being collateral damage. Do you want that?”
By the time Tony reached Midtown High School, Miles had already fallen back asleep. Happy had gotten out of the car and grinned at Miles who was slumped over in his car seat. Opening Tony’s door, Happy stood by the car as Tony carefully extracted Miles from his car seat. He made sure to grab Snuggles, stuffed penguin that was in Miles’ loose grasp.
“I wonder how many bottles we can get before you’re fully incoherent. Winston was able to have his fun, but a pretty thing like you I’d think I’d like to have a piece as well. Ryder doesn’t have to know,” Miriam said taking a swig of the drink before pouring some down Tony’s throat.
“Is that true?” Karen questioned. “Did you all get something in return for voting for the colorful one?”
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat and tried ignoring the burning on the back of his lips wanting to defend himself. And he could…because he for once had nothing to say back.
Tony shied away from her touches and tried pulling away from her. He needed to get out of here, but he just couldn’t move.
Miles sniffed and looked up to Tony’s eyes. “I don’t want you to leave again baba. I was scared and alone. And…Mr. Penguin missed you.”
Ryder watched as Steve walked away with his bags in his hand. Ryder stayed silent. He didn’t expect Steve to come back and try fighting for Tony. He was sure that he had addressed all of Steve’s insecurities in that letter. He couldn’t have Steve fighting for Tony and letting Tony know that there was someone out there who actually loved him.
Isak straightened, looking decidedly more interested. “Oh, I had no idea you were close to my brother. He didn’t mention it, though he didn’t mention quite a lot on that short ride.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony whispered, afraid that this stranger could read into him. Granted Miles gave her a whole lot of information. He had to do better at hiding these things especially from his kid.
“Steve,” Natasha said, but this time she didn’t feel like representing the side that Fury was on. She had been in this room for too long and had listened to Isak…Ryder try to dig himself out of whatever whole he had screwed himself in and she was tired.
“Kid, I am trying to make you feel better and you are doing this all to spite me,” Tony laughed. “Swallow it this time. Swallow or no cookie. Got it?”
It couldn’t be fear. He was a Stark and Stark men were not made of fear. He only knows because his father would yell that to him every single time Tony would come back from being kidnapped and asking his father why he hadn’t paid the ransom.
“And besides we missed you more than what you could ever give us. If you had to stop bringing the toys and everything, that’s fine. I never needed you to do all this stuff, despite how grateful I am. I just wanted you to be here, Tony. That’s all. Your presence has always been more than enough for me and for the kids.”
“Okay, misguided idiots,” he corrected. “Maybe when all this has cooled down you should go take some time off for yourself. You’ve been dealing with everything for the past six months. I don’t know maybe you and Ryder should just go on a vacation. Or go on a vacation by yourself. Do whatever it takes to make sure you’re emotionally, physically, and mentally healthy,” he said. “Or I’ll send Mama Rhodes your way.”
“We can talk in the morning and every day after that, if that’s what you want,” Steve said his heart thrumming in his ear. “Just close your eyes and go to sleep.”
Bucky hung onto her words and paid attention to how Pepper straightened her shoulders to make her seem larger. Bucky admired that about her. She didn’t cower in the face of former assassins and super soldiers. She brushed a few straying strands of her hair behind her ear and for the first time looked at them with a hint of desperation.
“I raise my five to your six,” Tony said, fingers scratching down Steve’s sides. He lightly tickled Steve’s ribs and smirked at how Steve’s body tensed up.
Tony didn’t know how he found himself here. He truly didn’t know how in the world he was at his current position. No, in fact he knows exactly how he got into this position. It’s because the world genuinely had it out for him.  Seriously, out of all the places in the world he never imagined he would be here.
Tony clenched his jar and nodded, feeling all at once even a little more satisfied even by Fury’s short account of his death.
They all nodded and Steve left the room. Steve carried Tony into the quinjet and headed straight for the tower. Tony had fallen straight asleep and Steve couldn’t blame him. As soon as they arrived Steve went to his room, since it was closer.
A moment of deep, deep confusion settled in. Clint, Bruce, Wanda’s, and Vision’s building had actually won, but Tony was 100 percent certain that his team was going to win. Okay, so he wasn’t being cocky or anything, but he was confident that they won.
“Today is literally the best day ever!” Harley shouted, brimming at the top of his head with excitement.
And so Tony realized his answer to Dr. Sana’s question. In that moment, if she had asked, “And what do you find yourself living for?”
“Yes, I have a meeting that I’ve been pushing off. Pepper’s been scheduling it and I’m just a procrastinator in that regard and fuck Steve,” Tony said at Steve who was now rolling them over and was now settling between Tony’s legs.
He pulled his hands away from his face and stared at his hands again. A frown marred his features as he realized what those hands nearly did to Tony. He’d explained to Tony and Tony seemed to have accepted the apology.
Breathing in lowly under his breath, Tony let the tension release from his shoulders and rubbed a hand over his face. He let all thoughts of Ryder stop at least for a moment as he closed his eyes and let the soft melody of wind chimes filter into his sub consciousness.
Tony was certain he was yelling all of this. His hands felt like they were inches away from the doorknob, when he knew that he had only made it inches from his bed.
“No,” Steve’s voice broke in startling all of them. “No, it’s not the best thing. The Accords are not implemented to protect us. It is meant to restrict us. Tony is advocating this because he feels guilty and okay we have all felt that. There is no need for all of this because we have run quite effectively without it. We know what is best for the people and we are able to be their protectors when they are not able to. We have these gifts so we should-”
“Don’t you dare talk about him in that manner, in your short lived life, ever again,” Steve hissed, flexing his fingers.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“I never wanted any of you to get hurt,” Tony muttered falling back to rest against him again, this time his nose in the crease of Steve’s neck breathing in the scent of soap.
“Miles if you roll your eyes like that they’ll get stuck,” Steve said remembering what his mom would tell him.
He walked briskly through the whole floor and realized that he wasn’t there. He knew that Steve was in the tower. It was pretty much silent, but Steve always left his light on in his floor, if he was home. And it was on.
Steve bit his lower lip and conceded to the fact that he did want to do what he had been planning for five days. He breathed out through his nose. He leant down to brush a curl sticking to Tony’s forehead and kissed the skin there.
“Seriously, Tony this is an amazing thing you’re doing. I couldn’t be prouder of you,” Rhodey said, leaning over to grab Tony’s hands. “I mean every day you amaze me, mostly with your genius and your habit to get up to heaven only knows what form of mayhem…but I think people often forget your philanthropy side and gosh this non-profit. I mean wow…Tones I just…”
“No, it’s not because you are leaving without still giving me a good explanation. So what I have nightmares. I have nightmares about Miles’ stuffed penguin eating me. Does that mean I think Snuggle should just march up and leave?”
Steve paled, but nodded. “I deserve it. I should’ve treated Tony like how I treated the mission toward finding you, Bucky. You were right on that.”
Natasha laughed at him as she began to walk toward the girls who hadn’t noticed her presence. “Oh Tony you wouldn’t know if they were following you.”
Emily pocketed the change and smiled brightly at him. “Thanks Mr. Stark. Enjoy the rest of your day.”
Miles looked up to him confused. “That’s Mr. Mean Bad One. I already said that Peter,” Miles exasperatedly said as though he had repeated this on many occasions.
“Shuri we have told you many times to stop saying that. We even had an intervention,” Peter said looking at his shoes placed beside his backpack, then back to the screen where Shuri’s face was alight with joy.
Tony looked back with as much concentration, blinked slowly, and tried to figure out what he wanted Steve to say.
At some point Tony had stepped aside to lean against the rooftop wall. He smiled and released a breath. Steve came beside him, after noticing that Tony had stepped away for a second.
“Plus I am just so tired of having him bounced around back and forth. He also says he enjoys Midtown High School. I think he’d be terribly upset if he had to leave the friends he’s made there. So Steve just please consider it. Like I said I still have to wait to be discharged and see if they even accept my application.”
Tony shook his head. “Okay, did you happen to undergo some type of brain surgery while I was gone, during this past month? I mean I know that I’m fine as hell so no reason to tell me, but are you alright in the head?”
Peter smiled nervously. “Not to eat them. But look Miles had already grabbed a cookie and stuffed it in his mouth. I didn’t even know how he got it.”
He noted with a rather sudden detachment how the cold that he had gotten rid of not too long ago was now steadily creeping back in, first starting with his trembling fingers.
Taking his hands in hers, Natasha placed them on top of his knees and then drew his face close to hers. “Come on Tony. Come on breathe with me Stark. Don’t let them have this power over you,” she whispered.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Steve handed off the soup, a warning on his lips about how hot it may be. He then placed the bottle of water on the bedside table and took a seat at the edge of Tony’s bed. Tony had wanted to complain and ask why he was so far away.
Miles was still placed on Peter’s hip and they decided to go to Peter’s class first. Peter entered the classroom and quickly made his way to his desk. Ned looked on with jealousy.
“Just calling to make sure you were safe,” Steve said sounding as though he had just finished running. Who knows taking into consideration this was Steve he was talking to, he probably did just finish running.
Peter’s face flushed a bright red, once he realized all the attention was directed toward him. He waved quickly then turned his attention back toward the video that was still playing.
Tony tried keeping his mouth shut just so the soothing touch wouldn’t leave him. He had liked Ryder when he was like this. But he was talking about Miles and Miles did not deserve that. Howard had treated any sickness of Tony the same way Ryder was doing. He would be a fool if he let anyone else do the same to another kid, especially when Tony was taking care of said kid.
Thor wished that he could communicate with the gods right now and find a way to strike lightening into the heart of Ryder. He wondered if he would be allowed for Loki to use his bit of mischief against the man.
Ryder looked at Tony with a semblance of disgust as though he wasn’t the one to blame for Tony’s current state. Tony tried curling up into the corner of the bed and reached his hands to wipe of the cum that was beginning to dry on his face. He heard Ryder zip up his pants and walk toward the edge of the bed. He placed a hand on the back of Tony’s thigh and it took everything in him not to flinch. Tony held still as Ryder slowly massaged his thigh.
That had been the first thing Tony had noticed, whenever Ryder would tell him he wasn’t ever going to hit him again. His left eye always twitched just the slightest.
Ryder let out a startled groan, tears beginning to mix in with the dirt and grime of his face. “Fuck,” he whined. “Not gonna lie that hurt, golden boy. Though I must say I am disappointed that you don’t do more. I mean these are just baby bruises.”
The two left Miles’ group and went toward a rollercoaster that was a little bit more geared to people who were older.
The question gave Ryder, a moment of pause. He looked toward the empty cup that was now beside his feet.
Miriam tilted her head to the side and reached over. She grabbed a bottle. “Now let’s say we have some fun, yeah?”
Clint looked disheartened and watched as Tony grabbed the bag of popcorn and water bottles. He walked ahead of Clint. He shakily exhaled as he felt the air brush against his skin as Tony passed him.
“It must have been if Tony never left,” Isak said, rolling his shoulders, once and then twice before settling.
This time Steve truly was angry, but not at Tony…at the fact that Tony felt he had to apologize for reacting. “No, you don’t get to do that.”
“How do you know if numerical summary of data is resistant?” Harley furrowed his eyebrows and looked to the math sheet before him.
Steve woke up with a startled breath. His heartbeat thundered loudly in his ears and he felt as though he was dying. His throat closed up and his eyes watered. His dream felt so real because if he were being honest things could have gone that way. But they hadn’t. Had they?
Steve’s heart went to his throat and his palms immediately grew sweaty. Okay, there was no putting this off anymore. It was just a gift and that’s all it had to mean. Steve just had to remind himself that. Just giving a gift to a friend.
Once he was done, he set the bottles aside and went to place Tony in his pajamas. Steve pulled up the covers and tucked him in. For a few soothing minutes, all Steve did was stare overwhelmed by the fact that he was here. He didn’t want to close his eyes and mistake this all for a dream. He had those dreams one too many, while Tony was still missing.
Eva turned wide eyes to Isak. She hadn’t noticed the car that Ryder had driven in. However, she knew with how many times her husband spoke about cars that this was a highly expensive one. She touched him on the elbow.
Bucky who had been talking to Natasha at the time, tilted his head to the side. His nose flared twice before nearly gliding over to Miles to snatch the boy up from his seat, thus leaving the cup of juice in Ryder’s hand.
Steve furrowed his eyebrows as Tony walked ahead of him. Tony had settled next to Natasha who had her legs propped up on Bucky’s lap. Bucky looked tiredly at Tony.
Steve immediately reached to his pocket. Upon Natasha’s curious glance, he explained “I always keep it near me as a reminder.”
“Obie burned it,” he said softly as if he said it soft enough it wouldn’t be true. “I…he said it was making me soft to rely on that, when I was supposed to be making weapons and continuing my father’s legacy.”
If anyone else felt his same surprise, they hadn’t visibly shown it. Nick Fury looked at all of them and clasped his hands together on the mahagonany desk. He took his time to look at all of them before opening his mouth to talk.
He had always had problems sleeping, mind too busy for rest. But it had floated with ideas, schematics, and visuals for new programs.
She stood up and rubbed at her red eyes. “I don’t mean to scare you, but this…this can kill you. I couldn’t save my brother, but maybe…look I see I’ve taken up a lot of your time. So I’ll send Miles back over here.”
Peter smiled softly at the thought of their group chat. After Steve had mentioned the brilliance of Shuri and Wakandan technology, Tony had immediately reached out to T’Challa in hopes of getting in touch with Shuri. Shuri had accepted albeit a little reluctantly, when she had traveled back from Oakland. She had been checking on the center and the kids. Tony had flown out and the two automatically started excitedly discussing schematics and the like.
The two carried on their back and forth, until the song’s end came. With a flurry of motions the two loudly exclaimed, “It means no worries for the rest of your days! It’s our problem free philosophy! Hakuna Matata!”
Steve kept his hand over Tony’s, realizing that even in sleep Tony’s hand seemed to be in constant movement. His own mouth tilted upward in a smile, knowing that one of the many things Tony would want to do as soon as he woke up would be to go to his lab.
Steve sat opposite of Isak, eyes searching for any clues that informed him that the man before him was actually Ryder. Unfortunately, there were no outward appearances that Steve could take note of that separated the two. From the images and the stack of confidential info the team had been given beforehand, Isak seemed to be exactly as he said he was.
Tony remained silent, but let another memory wash over him. His mouth was telling the story before he even realized what he was saying.
to a bed,” Tony slurred, eyes blinking sluggishly. Steve’s cheeks warmed and he was glad that Tony was not fully capable to notice that yet.
“Steve,” Tony whined. “The lab is part of my recovery. I need to stretch out my limps and get my blood flowing. Plus it’s not like the doctors are here. What they don’t know couldn’t hurt them.”
The boy crossed his arms over himself. “So here I am trying to be good here because Mr. Stark is nice and…” he stopped mid-sentence. “He promised that once a week he’d be here to take me to see my mom. But he’s not here and I haven’t fucking seen her in a month. I couldn’t even…” his voice caught up on a wet laugh. “I couldn’t even welcome the new year with her.”
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“Seeing as though I’ll be single by end of this night I don’t see a reason why we can’t just get a head start,” Tony replied, suddenly awake. Who knew that Steve offering to kiss him would do him better than a cup of coffee?
The television continued to play whatever cartoon was on and Tony continued to shift. He was trying to find a comfortable position that wouldn’t disrupt Miles’ sleeping. Having found none he settled uncomfortably with his legs bent under him.
“Speaking of your son I wonder how CPS will respond to leaked footage of a scandalous sex tape making its way into mainstream with you as the leading face,” Ryder pondered. “Oh and Winston I meant to ask earlier how’s your new job as a gym coach going?”
Shuri noticed Peter’s growing solemn nature and spoke. “So what is this I hear about you asking Michelle out to the spring formal? We have a bet going on in the chat and I would very much like to win.”
“We didn’t mean to make him feel all the blame for that,” Clint said silently finally taking in part of what he had done.
“Then where is he now?” Tony said. “I mean not that like I care where he is. I just woke up and he was gone…so…like not that it matters. He’s completely free not be here.”
“Tony don’t be like that. I try doing something nice and now you want to complain? Look, I don’t want to fight right now. So can we just not do this right now?” Ryder questioned looking down at Tony. “Just have a couple of drinks and you’ll calm down.”
Steve nodded his head and looked to Tony’s hand and continued his work there. He knew that as long as he paid attention to fixing the hands, he could listen to Tony and try not to interrupt. After all hadn’t Natasha mentioned he should actually listen to Tony?
Certainly not Cali. But she desired mercy…or at least a chance to right her wrongs. She may not have dealt him a physical blow like the others, but she had done far worse.
So Steve didn’t miss the way Tony’s eyes grew dark or his cheeks grow warm. He didn’t miss how Tony’s body instinctively started to gravitate toward his. He certainly didn’t miss how for a brief moment Tony allowed himself to smile shyly at Steve saying he loved him.
“Did you have a good time at the carnival bambino?” Tony asked as Miles laid his head on his shoulder.
Steve turned back to Bucky confliction apparent in his expression. Bucky shook his head. “You take Tony to the hospital and we’ll canvas the area. He couldn’t have been able to get too far. Plus we have SHIELD helping. Go Stevie. You and Natasha take off. I’ll tell the others.”
That month also gave him time to think about his relationship with Ryder. It was through those self-reflections that he realized that his time with Ryder was spent in pain more often than not. Toward the beginning of the relationship, Tony had been happy to have someone to not make him feel so alone. Then he realized that even with Ryder he felt alone.
Tony turned his face up to Ryder’s. His hands found themselves running over the stubble of Ryder’s cheek. Ryder leaned into the touch and placed a cool hand on Tony’s cheek.
Blood flew from a wound on his shoulder and Steve hoped with a sort of rampant satisfaction that it would be enough for him to bleed out. However, Natasha was always deliberate in her attacks. She had left enough not to kill, but to permanently wound.
So starting now he was going to make sure he listened and was going to be honest. He wanted to be a better person for his team, for the people, and for Tony. After all if there was one thing Tony seemed very serious about in tonight’s conversation, it was honesty.
“I lied,” Tony said. At everyone’s silence, he continued. “There aren’t two pills. Every pill he’ll get is a placebo. His mind is just going to go crazy with wondering why he isn’t dead or why hasn’t he been cured.”
Winston then let out a load moan and reverently touched where Tony had hit him. His eyes darkened and his mouth grew slack.
It was such a difference than when he had been speaking to Steve. Steve watched as Julie’s face changed to one of determination. She immediately went in search of magnolias. Natasha watched on from a safe distance. When they found the magnolias, Natasha went to the counter to pay for them. Julie smiled widely at Harley and led him out of the store. Harley didn’t say anything, but just took the flowers from Julie’s other hand.
Rhodey and Pepper arrived shortly after, looking a little worse for wear. Pepper had wanted to stay until Tony woke up, but she needed to go back and check on the kids. When they told Pepper that they found Tony, Pepper had hurriedly sent the kids to May who was willing to watch over them, while she met them at the hospital.
“You say that as though you haven’t already taken it,” Peter said motioning to his lunch sticking out of Michelle’s bag.
“The Accords are not taking away your right to serve and protect. The Accords are not forcing you to give up your identities. The Accords are not here to restrict you.”
Isak laughed. “If you had changed, you would have admitted your crimes and gone to prison to serve time. If you had changed, you would have stayed wherever the hell you were and left me and my family alone.”
“Tony I’m going to be frank here. I just don’t know how you all can recover from this,” Rhodey admitted looking at Tony who began to slouch in defeat. “I’m not saying this with bad intent. It’s just you have put all your efforts into forgiving these people, when they don’t extend the same courteous. Especially considering how Steve led them on this wild goose chase for the man that murdered your only living family.”
Walking to Harley’s bedroom, Tony took a sip of his tea. He really hoped Bruce’s praise of this tea actually worked wonders or else he was going to make sure he programmed Bruce’s tea maker’s AI to give incorrect formulas every time tea was brewing.
And suddenly everything around Tony became blurred and every sound became white noise. His fingers fell loosely from where they had settled around Ryder’s shoulders in hopes of getting space. He could feel Ryder breathing harshly against his ear as he continued talking. His chest tightened and he wanted to tell Ryder to just get his hands off of his arc reactor because he couldn’t fucking breathe. But his tongue was weighed down and his mind had slowed down his thoughts.
“Brucie bear where have you been? How are you? There’s so many science things we have to do,” Tony listed. His eyes then traveled to the two people beside Bruce. He stepped away sharply and stared at the other two accompanying Bruce. “I see Thor. I see Loki. One of these two is not supposed to happen. Please tell me the correct answer Bruce.”
He had broke off, then not being able to continue before tears pricked his eyes and Steve’s arms wrapped around him. Steve remembers how Tony tried to stifle his sobs, but Steve kept him in his arms and offered soothingly that he let it all out.
Tony stilled at the touch and tightened his eyes to the point where it hurt. His lips trembled with the need to chatter his teeth from the cold just radiating in the room. Ryder’s touch was hot against his skin, but sent a shiver throughout his body.
He placed it over Tony’s shoulder, looking at how the thick material seemed to swallow him up. Steve went back to holding his hand. He watched the steady rise and fall of Tony’s chest.
Tony brought Miles into a hug and held him tight to his chest. He closed his eyes and focused on listening to the soft breathing of Miles’ in his ear and the way his small hands curled around his neck.
He gestured toward the nearly half-clothed nature of the two. Ryder’s tie was done loosely and backward. They really did need to go fix themselves, before actually going back to the ballroom. Ryder excused himself and Tony.
But shouldn’t he at least try? After all wasn’t the main reason he was in this position was because he didn’t try?
Tony was momentarily startled, seeing as though Ryder had stopped opening his door for him nearly two months after they started dating. Tony stepped out and reluctantly took the hand that Ryder offered. There were always cameras around and Tony hadn’t wanted to cause some scandal by simply refusing to hold hands with his boyfriend.
Rhodey nodded. He went to the kitchen and began to call them. Meanwhile Natasha was pulling up something on her phone. Clint had grabbed an arrow from somewhere and was now twirling it between his fingers. Bucky was looking for mission commands. Bruce was trying to calm himself down from becoming the Hulk.
“I hate to admit this, but everyone screwed up and was screwed over in various degrees. However, Tony…” She broke off to clear the lump in her throat. “This betrayal. This absence has screwed him over in many more ways than one. None of you bothered to get in touch with Tony and make sure how he was doing. How he was trying to help maintain your image, while his was constantly demeaned in order to help the civilians trust you all.”
He swung Miles into the air and then settled him on his hip. “I’m sorry about that. I had to calm Tony down and then Miles suddenly came in and then ran out looking for help. I’m sorry. Were you all busy?”
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” Natasha said as she began pulling off the patches. She didn’t know what they were, but she knew that Tony at some subconscious level was trying to get them off. Natasha didn’t want to hurt Tony. She never wanted to hurt Tony, but she knew that he was on something.
“We can color, until he wakes up,” Steve said, knowing that he had about another hour until Tony roused from sleep.
“Tony your hands are shaking,” Steve whispered, trying to grab them in his, but not before Tony had flinched away from his gesture.
“Babysitting,” Tony said as he placed Miles on his lap and fixed the game for him. “He’s from Karen’s orphanage and was sick so I volunteered to watch him for the past few weeks so she could focus on all the other kids.”
So while Steve wanted nothing more than to ease just a little bit of Tony’s pain, he remained still. After nearly fifteen minutes of tense silence, Steve figured that he would leave. Tony clearly didn’t want him here and…
Natasha stabbed a dagger into the countertop and leaned close to Ryder. “No questions. We’ll just wait.”
Harley and Steve arrived at the hospital just as visiting hours were starting. Immediately, the lady at the front desk greeted them. Smiling at the two she held out the forms for them to sign and pointed them to the waiting room. Steve followed her direction, but allowed Harley to be led to his mom’s room. While waiting for Harley to finish up visiting his mom, he grabbed a magazine and begin to flip through it. Finding nothing worth his interest, he placed the magazine down and settled on observing the people in the waiting room.
“Yes, I think a lot of Midtown high schoolers are actually coming out to volunteer with setting up booths and everything. It’s a real nice way to give back to the community,” Michelle said. “Plus it may be the only time we actually get to go inside that winter park. Not too many of us can afford it.”
Tony turned his head slowly to her. Ryder’s hand traveled down to his waist and underneath his untucked shirt. Steve wanted to cut the hand off. Bucky had to grab his wrist again.
“I don’t really care for why you did it. It doesn’t matter to me, when you’ll be locked up so far away from me, I’ll forget you had ever existed.”
Thor turned to Sam in fake anger, nodded his head twice solemnly. Then he turned to Tony. “Excuse me, Tony. It seems that I must avenge my tower.”
Tony tried introducing some space between the two of them. Their close proximity caused Tony to lose focus and instead turn his attention upward to a pair of blue eyes looking down at him.
“I’m not going to make you leave Tony nor am I going to leave,” Steve said shifting so that Tony could lay even further down on him.
After all she had told Tony to do it at his pace and he had, slowly growing in confidence and security. He had done small tests to make sure Steve would stop when he said so and Steve was so in tune with what he wanted. And even when he wasn’t, he knew when to step back and let Tony see if he wanted to continue or not. So when they had gone all the way that first time and it hadn’t hurt and Tony also managed not to send himself into a panic attack at the idea of it…that was amazing.
“I know you haven’t broken up with Ryder yet, but I really want to kiss you,” Steve muttered under his breath as though ashamed of his admission.
Isa tried with all her might not to roll her eyes at Steve. He was asking a reasonable question, but her natural response over the months of hearing about him had become to roll her eyes.
“I don’t know what your problem is with Tony, but I suggest you figure it out and then apologize. Tony had done nothing to deserve your hate or rude comments,” he said then left. “We’ll talk more about this later.”
“We’ll come back to visit every week, but your home will be with me. I’ll be your baba forever and always.”
The last statement was muttered so softly, that if it weren’t for Steve’s enhanced hearing he wouldn’t have heard what Tony had said. His heart lurched at the idea that Tony had been dealing with this, since he was found.
“Read a book in a corner then! I’m tired of watching this stuff. It’s boring. My eyes are bleeding right now. Steve let’s take a break,” Clint sighed. “Come on even Bucky is tired of watching this stuff.”
“I don’t know maybe I’m thinking too hard about this. It’s just when Natasha called saying she needed us to take Tony away for a month while she does some recon on Ryder, I got worried. I mean what did he do to gain Natasha’s suspicion?”
It was the laughter that rang out, “I don’t know how I’m alive…how we’re alive, but by everything above I’m glad we are.”
“You have a month. Any questions, comments, or concerns may be met with me and I will try making the adjustments with Tony,” Pepper told her.
“I came here to tell you I have a surprise for you,” Wanda announced shyly. “While I was traveling across the world and across the universes using only my mind…which well I’ll explain how that is possible on a later date. However, it is fantastical. Dr. Strange is helping with that and I do apologize I digressed.”
“Your brother is not some victim in this,” Steve growled. “And you’re not Isak. I don’t know what’s messed up in your head for you to play this mind games and act as though you are not Ryder, but I know everything. I saw the little cues you give, when you think I’m not watching you. I see the way you favor your right hand, when you reach to wipe your lips. Isak’s left handed asshole.”
“I’m not infatuated with your brother,” Steve pushed out and almost wanted to throw up from how the statement passed across his lips. He swallowed back the acid.
“You liked this attention. You craved it even more so and I gave it to you,” Steve said in disbelief. He shook his head and ran his tongue against the inside of his cheeks. He swallowed a lump in his throat.
And the photo on the refrigerator was taken when Leauna came out asking for a picture of her favorite couple. Tony had taken the copy, a nice reminder of their third date and how safe and loved Steve made Tony feel that night, only a sign of how Steve would continue to watch over him and love him even now. He even looked down at the small bracelet a cheap plastic thing that Steve had brought off a street vendor, after they had finished eating at Leauna’s.
“I’m going to call the hotel and see if they know if Tony left yet,” Pepper announced as she walked a few feet away.
“Nice articulation sweetheart. I just need Bucky to hold you while I get your medicine ready, okay? Can he hold you for just a few seconds,” Tony asked. Miles narrowed his eyes at Bucky and allowed him to hold him.
“I think it’s time that you really think about why you don’t want to sign the accords. You all have two weeks. You may send it to me by mail if you want to get it to me early, but I will be back here in two weeks to pick up any remaining documents. I hope you all have a wonderful evening,” Isa said packing up her stuff and getting ready to go.
Natasha’s eyes followed his retreating figure and made way to follow him. Steve stopped her shaking his head slightly. He pushed his own meal away. Lately he hadn’t been too hungry anyways. Bucky took both Steve and Peter’s plates and made way to cover them with saran wrap and placed in the refrigerator.
Once the three of them had all gotten something to eat, Tony, Miles, and Peter walked toward the park.
“It would have, but I don’t know. I wanted Tony as far away from this life as possible. Aunt Peggy would often tell me that even if I’m younger, Tony had a far more innocent and trusting spirit than me. It made him easier to break. I didn’t want that for him…of course he wound up getting into this anyway. I’m pretty sure Aunt Peggy would have reprimanded him for a few hours and then trained him to be the complete badass agent ever, if she could have.”
Peter smiled widely and leaned down to hug Tony, careful of Miles’ sleeping body in his arms. “Love you Uncle Tony.”
Tony rested against Steve’s chest. He breathed in the scent that was so unique to Steve, allowing it to lull him into a certain sense of safety. He didn’t even know where to begin or if he even wanted to start this conversation at all. He should have just told him that he didn’t really want to talk about it anymore.
“No! You think I’m mad? You think that I never cared about you,” Ryder sneered. “So why would I care if we were to swerve of the side of the road. We grew up without parents, I’m sure your children will be fine.”
Steve placed his own hand over Tony’s that was resting against his chest. He raised it closer to his neck and Tony felt the pulse there thrum against his fingertips. He let out a breath…once twice, before allowing his head to fall against Steve’s chest.
Then there was the time in sophomore year, when Steve had dislocated a senior’s collarbone when he stated that he had plans to deflower Steve’s next door neighbor’s daughter, who was only thirteen at the time and then leave her by herself. When one of the boys questioned what would happen if she fell pregnant, the senior had said it would be fine. They didn’t expect much out of those girls in that neighborhood anyway.
“Yeah, I bet it was the best one in the class,” Peter said, knocking his hand briefly on Miles knees before turning back to the front.
Whenever Ryder was feeling mildly defensive he would tilt his head to the side, left and then right. Then he would begin speaking in defense of his actions.
Wanda walked up to them, followed by Vision. “I’m sorry to interrupt, but I wanted to say something.”
Tony was shocked into silence and stayed still. He stayed like this for a full minute before he threw his arms around Bruce. He wrapped his arms firmly around Bruce, who was shocked by Tony’s response. He had an idea that he had been missed, but he truly hadn’t known how much. He brought his hands up hesitantly to rest on Tony’s back and pat it a few times.
“And what about you? Enjoying your first Stark Charity Christmas Gala?” Tony asked. He placed his hands in his pockets and rocked back onto the heels of his feet. “I know it can get a lot for some first timers with you know introducing yourself. Pretty sure everyone wanted to meet you as soon as you walked in.”
Miriam was now straddling him, her skirt pooling over Tony’s stomach. She hummed a song in the back of her throat as she poured herself a drink. She tossed it back and Tony wanted to tear into the skin that took the liquid.
For one sacred minute, no one said anything as Steve reentered the room they had been interrogating Ryder in.
Just as Tony was about to answer Karen, Harley and Peter came into the room. Both wore serious expressions on their faces. Peter sighed loudly, almost expressing his exhaustion. Harley then echoed the same sentiment.
Harley shrugged and hid his face into the stuffed animal. “I don’t know. I’m happy that she’s getting to do what she loves, but at the same time it seems like she took the fastest chance to get rid of me. She won’t even be out of the hospital for a week, before she plans on leaving. I wished that I had at least a few months before she could be my mom and then leave.”
Natasha put the concealer back into her purse and looked back at the two of them. “Look so I found out what this whole surprise party is for,” Natasha exclaimed crossing her arms tightly across her chest.
Happy’s eyes shot to Pepper and Pepper looked down at her phone, mouth slowly curled upward and nodded.
He didn’t remember much of anything after that. And that terrified him. If there’s one thing Tony prided himself on it was being fully aware of how he got into a current situation. He remembered the events leading up to him being captured in Afghanistan. He remembered that led to him becoming Iron Man. He remembered Iron Man led him to the Avengers. He remembered the Avengers led him to Steve.
Ryder led Tony toward a small room and sat him down on the bed. His hand went up to his arc reactor and he traced his hands along where he knew it was. Tony couldn’t breathe.
It had been nearly six months since Steve had sent that letter and phone. Six months since he had a semblance of normalcy in his life. And now here he was in his lab looking at the one thing he had left to destroy, but couldn’t. Everything in his lab had been broken because he finally figured out that everything that came into contact with him became dangerous or destroyed. Rhodey had told him it was time to rebuild, but Tony hadn’t been ready to. This destruction, this fragmented mess was a beautiful reminder of why Tony couldn’t be Tony anymore.
“You only did for Bucky what I did for my brother. I assumed that he could change, but as to where you were met with success I was met with the same repetitive destructive repercussions that my brother leaves in his wake. Though this time it was at his own destruction.”
“And to think you call yourself a spy,” Tony murmured. “How do these things go unnoticed with you? I think you two may want to watch your surroundings when you go back to your group.”
His whole body was off the floor and thrown into the bathtub. He pushed himself forward, arms thrown wildly hoping to catch an eye or a mouth. He slid back and forth in the tub trying to get out. He bit his tongue, his throat burned, but his mind was focused on getting out.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
Steve had said it with such certainty that Tony’s heart stuttered for a quick second. He looked into those blue eyes, searching for a bit of hesitance. He almost wanted to ask the question again, but he was fearful that the response would be taken back.
Miles seemed pleased with this and ran off to find his other friends, but not before looking back at Tony once more. Tony smiled and was thankful that he had come today. As he made his way to Karen’s office he heard two other voices talking.
His knees pressed up to his chest and his cries grew hoarse. He feared no one would hear him scream, if Ryder came to get him. No one was here. It could happen just like last time. And maybe that time they would figure it wouldn’t be worth it to save him. So he needed to make sure that they knew how thankful Tony was that they came for him. They couldn’t see him like this and see what Ryder had done.
Ryder grabbed a pen from the flower adorned bowl and began to sign some papers. Steve tried looking to see what was on the papers he was signing, but after a deliberate covering of the papers by Ryder’s hand Steve went to look at Ryder instead.
“We’ll stop it after the wedding,” Pepper said laughingly. “But until then just go ahead and accept it. It will be much easier for you, if you do.”
It was only when she was out of the building that she let out a sigh of relief and unclenched her shaking hands.
He was disappointed that he had to start all over with Tony though. If it hadn’t been for Steve, his plan wouldn’t have hit a major road bump. Tony wouldn’t have had this little string of hope that his savior would come and not leave. Then Ryder could have followed his plan to a perfect T. Of course he allowed for some room for obstacles. Besides he had been working on this plan for years, he wouldn’t allow a little disturbance to deter him.
Steve stopped shortly at the confession and felt something in his heart unravel. His fingers ghosted over Tony’s cheek and rested there a few seconds before moving in slow easy circles. Tony’s breath came out in low puffs and his eyes looked up blearily to Steve.
He had mentioned to Rhodey and Pepper that he thought about just building Miles a playground outside the tower, but they had quickly shut that down. Apparently being around other kids on the park creates social skills and also he needs outside time. So here he was at a public park, but thankfully this was a park where most people like Tony took their kids. So the paparazzi knew not to cross over into that playground area.
He took his shirt off and then Tony’s. He wasn’t sure how Tony would handle water right now, so he grabbed a washcloth and sat Tony atop of his bath counter. Tony’s head lolled to rest on top of Steve’s shoulder.
Just as their food was coming, Tony’s phone began to ring. “I thought we were putting our phones on silent,” Ryder commented as he began to cut into his salmon.
Fury had told Steve that he could not purposefully bait Isak into making any self-incriminating statements. He couldn’t be seen as coercing Isak into a confession because just on the rare chance that Steve and the others were wrong, it could lead them to another scandal that they didn’t need still fresh off of the Civil War and Accords business.
As the day grew closer to the evening, Steve looked at the time and realized that Peter’s flight was coming in a little bit. He drove off to the airport and let Tony know that he was on his way to pick up Peter. Tony sent off a quick thanks and told him to make it back safely.
“Whether or not I can apologize on behalf of my brother. I understand that the two of us look fairly alike and it may be easier for him to move on,” Isak explained voice tinged with pity. “I am certain that if I explained that I suffered the same mental trauma from my brother and healed from it, your Tony could find it in himself to heal as well.”
For once (besides Pepper and Rhodey) he had someone listening to him. And he was getting better, he was opening up about things that he hadn’t even know he had repressed from his relationship with his parents, to his playboy days, all the way to the present.
Peter shook his head. “You have nothing to feel sorry for. Crap, I…that’s not what this is to make you feel. The only one who should be feeling any amount of sorry and blame is Ryder,” he hissed angrily.
As though fearing that there was still a chance for either, he let his hand travel alongside his stomach in search for any patches there. That had been Ryder’s favorite place to put them.
“Hey, it’s Ryder again. Look I know you said to wait, but it’s been hours and he’s not answering my calls. Could you just try calling him, please,” Ryder worriedly said. “I just need to make sure he’s okay.”
“Hilarious Peter. I do have a concept of time. If you think, I’m in there too long just grab me,” Tony explained. “Or have FRIDAY alert me.”
Steve shrugged. “I had FRIDAY show me a few notes left behind from Ana and your mom. Saw that a few recipes were included and decided you deserved this. And well you deserve more, but this is always a nice start. Figured you’d like a nice slow evening, before everything starts speeding up again after the break.”
“Mmm,” the woman sighed. “He’s all marked up and bruised. You think they would pay well for a Stark that looks like this?”
Bucky and Sam waited for Natasha to answer. Steve waited with baited breath for Natasha to reply to his question.
Peter’s eyes moistened. “I was scared. We all were, but…I tried you know being there for Harley and Miles because I’m the oldest but it was hard. Sometimes, they asked if you were coming back and I told them yes.”
“They?” Rhodey furrowed his eyebrows back together. “They came back to the tower? Why didn’t you tell me? Does Pepper know? Do you need me to come back?”
Tony laughed as Steve tried throwing the ring onto the bottle. Steve rolled the bottom of his lip between his teeth and then breathed in and out. Narrowing his eyes, he swung his arm back and threw the ring toward the bottles, missing it by barely two inches.
He went to Steve’s floor and immediately went searching for Steve. He had to tell Steve everything. He couldn’t keep this inside of him anymore. He doesn’t care about the threats or the lies that Ryder was telling him. Steve had promised him honesty and it was time for Tony to express the same. And if some part of him, some inner childlike fantasy of himself wished that Steve would be the knight in shining armor come to get rid of the dragon, no one would know.
His eyes focused on the shut door and he felt like at any moment Ryder or some member of the CMPNY was going to come into the room. Ryder had always liked knowing that he knew Tony could never leave. Were hospital room doors even able to lock from the outside?
Some were candid shots such as Thor making a pop-tart mountain or Sam and Bucky arguing over a monopoly piece. Others were sentimental like Harley’s adoption photo, where the whole team were proudly holding a craft board sign saying “Welcome, our newest Avenger.”
He tried with a therapist, a young woman who in his honest opinion was very nice and attractive. Unfortunately, the woman also saw this as a chance to get her cash in and spiel to the tabloids what Tony had revealed to her.
“I don’t blame you, you know? I mean at first I hated you and everything you represented. Like you were the reason my parents died. But I’ve had a long time to think things through and I realized you aren’t to blame and it wasn’t fair for me to place blame onto your shoulders.”
Tony sniffled and he wiped furiously at his eyes. “You all say this because you’re my friends. You have to like build my ego.”
“You look awful,” Natasha spoke aloud finally addressing him, once he sat down on the seat opposite of her.
“No, don’t call. He might…Ryder might punish me again. He hasn’t punished me lately, he’s always saving me from those punishments…but Steve I don’t get it he gets people to drown me and then comes with a towel. Steve I don’t like it here.”
Steve watched as Ryder struggled to come to terms with his position. Ryder began pacing the room, angrily spewing at Steve, red hot anger alight in his path. Steve said nothing. Ryder pushed forward against the glass wall separating them and beat his hands bloody against it.
She grabbed a towel and went to put it on his shoulders, when Tony let out a bloodcurdling scream pushing his body back.
because of Ryder and it doesn’t seem like he will feel any remorse at doing anything to Tony. At the end of the day I protect my own. If the only way I can ensure his protection, is to place my shield through him I will do that,” Steve said, “and I will have no remorse.”
?” a woman voiced, heading to the front door. She stepped over misplaced toys and tried brushing her hair back in a manner that seemed appropriate.
“You, you were at the park that day. What did you say to my son?” Tony demanded trying to sit up, but was held back by Miriam.
His shoulder shook up and down. He couldn’t get into trouble for seeing if the door was unlocked, not like he had been when he was there. They couldn’t touch him here. He just needed the door cracked. Maybe he also needed a change of scenery besides the same four walls.
For once Tony’s eyes brightened and the smile on his face threatened to send Steve to an early grave…or really late early grave?
“I just…I feel like a lot of my youth was experienced with him around. I mean he was the first guy I ever slept with,” Tony whispered, not wanting to announce this to himself or even to Steve, but at this point of time things were just coming out and Tony couldn’t stop the stream of memories from suddenly pulling at his mind.
Steve smiled confidently at Ryder as he grew pale. Ryder grit his teeth together. Grinning Steve tilted his head to the side, “Have a goodnight. I’ll let you know when Tony comes back home…or not.”
The two were reduced to laughter as they fell into one another and back onto the couch waking up Bucky who had drifted asleep mid song. Natasha leaned her head on Tony’s shoulder and giggled. Clint looked at Natasha and observed the lightness in her expression and the happiness sketched over her face. Tony resembled the same look until he noticed Clint’s stare.
Sorry there was no update on Friday, I just kept re-writing this chapter. Anyways here's the result of all the rewrites lol. Please enjoy and see you next Saturday!
Tony begrudgingly followed Steve into the main room. He had just put Miles down for sleep and really wanted to go back to his lab. He had intended to go back to his lab and hide in there. Unfortunately, a certain super soldier wouldn’t let him do that.
“I’ll bring you coffee for as long as you let me even if I think that they’re terrible for you,” Steve said leaning closer to Tony’s space. “But you’ll have to add some fruit and vegetables.”
“It’s fine. I get it Ryder tried planning a surprise party you didn’t know it would exactly be like this,” Tony laughed. “But it’s fine. I mean I was hoping to break up with Ryder today, but I guess it’ll just have to wait. Can’t exactly break up with him in front of all of these journalists.”
“What?” Steve questioned, already warming up the lube between his fingers. “What’s got you laughing all of a sudden?”
“Sure. That would be nice, if this wasn’t a dream,” Tony rasped. “But it is. Why…why are we talking so much? Other times you just come and I get a cheeseburger. I like those dreams. This one you both are sad. Need to…needa wake up and go to sleep and try again. Something’s wrong with this dream.”
“But, since you’re so under the impression that I’m weak and you can take me on how about you just prove to me you can do just that. And I’ll prove to you that I have a dark side and you better pray that I can recover enough that your body will be recognizable when I’m done with you,” Steve rasped.
Now…those dreams were still there as were the occasional happy ones, but sometimes the bad ones would creep in.
“This was not some consensual thing that Tony engaged in,” Steve argued. “Tony never once said he consented to that abuse. That is not something he has ever been interested in.”
“I pretended that there was an emergency with Miles,” Tony said sheepishly pushing his body onto the counter. “I don’t know you were just talking about how amazing the spaghetti was and well…I realized that I didn’t want to be there with Ryder.”
Cali was his only option. He remembered her coming to him to check his wounds and telling him, “He’ll make you think that he deserves your forgiveness. You noticed how he stopped asking whether you loved him. I know you did. I know you realized why he started making it a statement that you loved him. He wants to manipulate you into believing those words to be true. Power relies on the ability to define reality and have others believe it as if it were their own. Do not give him that power.”
Tony’s last statement settled thickly between the space of Tony and Ryder. Tony went to reach forward his watch, then retracted remembering that Ryder had it somewhere.
But Tony couldn’t keep sneaking into Natasha’s room and taking her make-up to cover up his visible bruises. Soon she would notice her empty containers. Speaking of…
“Tony…this isn’t easy for me,” he broke out as he watched Tony’s trembling fists go toward his chest much slower.
The video ended and the interview section began with the students including Peter able to ask questions. Tony was exceptionally pleased with the questions that Peter brought into the conversation.
Steve allowed Tony a moment, before saying, “It’s okay sweetheart. I’m here, you don’t have to hide anything from me Tony. I know whatever it is still hurts you. If you want to take some time, before talking we can stop here.”
A tap on the window. Fury probably recognized that they weren’t getting anywhere. Natasha nodded her head to Bucky, who went over to Steve.
Steve grinned, fondly remembering his time with Steve on the balcony. Sam tilted his head and pondered for a few seconds, while Sharon and Bucky continued looking at Steve. Steve didn’t even notice their stares as he was focused on drawing the image of the moonlight kissing Tony’s cheeks as he smiled up at him.
Steve straightened his lips in faux seriousness. “I need silence from Mr. Stark and Mr. Jaime please. This requires my full focus.”
Steve smiled. Pepper. He needed to send her a fruit basket and hope that would be enough for her to tell him certain things Tony liked. He could observe, but it was also nice to have some more information.
The boy shrugged and stared at the ceiling. “But what should I have expected. The world doesn’t treat people, with the name Harley fucking Keener, fair.”
“Well think as a treat Rhodey and I are taking you out to lunch. So think as a reward for finishing two board meetings you get lunch. Then when we come back for break and finish the remaining two and you send in all the other work that I have been needing from you, you’ll be free from all work for the rest of spring break. I’m sure you’d love to spend time with your kids free from any and all obligations.”
He knew the way his left eye twitched ever so slightly as he was in the first stages of telling a lie.
“Don’t have to tell me twice,” Steve said pulling down Tony’s pajama pants. He reached into the drawer and pulled out a bottle of lube. He looked down at it and noticed that it was growing low in its content.
“That’s alright. You go to sleep and we’ll find you. I swear to you, we will find you soon. I love you,” Steve said.
Oh, so Tony had definitely won. He was so going to rub this in Clint’s face later on. He wondered to himself whether he could forever have his creation on display in the communal area of the tower with the word
Steve took a few calming breaths, put one half of the soap bar to the side, and used the other to finish cleaning himself. He calmed himself down with thoughts of Tony laying asleep in his bed, curls lying loosely on his pillow. He brought to mind the soft puffs of breaths that only he could hear. He thought of how good it was to be able to be near him and hold him close without fear of him leaving. He liked to think how there was still enough space beside Tony, that had Steve thinking that Tony may have chosen his position on his bed on purpose, as though he was making room for Steve.
“Can’t be any worse than what these band of misfits have done. Captain America doesn’t have a dark side,” Ryder said, mouth heavy with blood.
“Has he said something to you?” Ryder exclaimed, slightly concerned that maybe he had gotten to Tony too late and he indeed had said something to Steve.
“Hey, don’t judge. I binge watch the season during the holidays. It’s amusing to me,” Tony said. “Plus your historical documentaries and all that isn’t great. Steve there are more things to watch than the Discovery and History channel, you know this.”
Miles giggled loudly. “I don’t do that anymore baba. I’m almost five. Five year olds brush all their teeth.”
He could hear the television on and imagined what Tony was watching. Well, he would have more than enough time to figure out.
He didn’t want to say how he tried getting someone to fix the hole, but Ryder had insisted it stay there as a reminder. Tony had forgotten what he had done to trigger that response, but he did remember how whatever it was Tony had stopped doing it without even questioning.
A tense silence filled the space between them. Tony turned away. Steve wanted to prod further, wanted to get him to open up to him.
They both walked back to the waiting room, where Helen had since then left. Steve sat down and Bucky turned to him. Steve leaned his head down between his knees and tried ignoring how weak he felt, knowing there was nothing he could do.
They were all talking about something, Steve didn’t truly know. His mind had wandered off to silent reflection of how Tony had sounded on the phone call. So when he heard, Vision speak suddenly with a voice clear and demanding, he was able to break out of his thoughts and listen to Natasha’s response.
Miles turned toward Natasha and opened his arms toward her. Natasha leaned over and grabbed the child, tucking him in close to her. She tickled his arms and smiled once Miles let out rushed giggles.
Miles picked up his shovel and said sternly. “I don’t like him baba. He makes you cry. People that love you don’t make you cry baba.”
“Bordelon. And yes you may,” she said handing one to Bucky, but not before seeing Steve angrily clench his jaw and clutch his knees.
Steve opened his mouth to say something…to defend himself, but Natasha’s words of just listening added with Tony’s refusal to look him in the eyes stopped him.
When they got onto the plane to take them to wherever, Ryder picked Tony up and brought him close to his chest. Tony wanted to bite the fingers off that had traveled too closer to his reactor. Cali followed behind Ryder and placed something cool on Tony’s bare arm. He tried moving his neck to see what it was, but as soon as the patch was on his skin he felt his eyes become heavy.
“Seriously, Karen I wonder how much pain Tony has inflicted on Ryder. His ramblings enough are a great source of pain,” Danvers joked.
“Yeah she made me memorize that entire sentence, after I jokingly said that she just wanted to stay and play with this panther that imprinted on her. By the way I forgot to show you those pictures. I sent some to Uncle Tony, but I forgot to send them to you. With the whole secret group text, I didn’t want to accidentally confuse the two,” Peter confessed, pulling out his phone and going to the camera gallery.
Harley chuckled softly at Miles not correcting himself. He just knew Tony was going to have a lot with this one.
Tony didn’t need to answer for the question to become apparent. Steve sat up, still holding onto Tony’s hand. Tony tilted his face downward, hoping not to give way to how utterly despondent he was feeling at the moment. However, Steve knew most of his tells by now and so he simply brought Tony closer to him, leaning his back against Steve’s chest.
Then he wanted Steve. He wanted him with such a passion that he didn’t know what to do. He wanted him to come back and hold him the same way he held him, when he had first woken up. He wanted those whispers of him saying I love you because maybe finally Tony would start believing them, if he found Tony broken like this and could still say that to his face. Steve would be too kind to lie to a man in Tony’s position.
Steve quieted a laugh, when Tony nudged him sharply in the ribs. Steve looked down at Tony then to Miles. “But carrots and broccoli help you get to be big and strong,” Steve added.
Natasha looked once more at the solemn expression on Steve’s face. “Perhaps instead of bottling up your feelings and everything maybe try talking to Tony.”
Tony inhaled a large breath, leaning over the car door as he watched the passing buildings fade behind him. Eventually, they pulled into this cemetery. The cemetery was old and abandoned, certainly not one visited by loved ones or up kept by anyone else.
He grabbed Tony, blanket and all. He cradled him to his chest, in a bridal positon. Tony sputtered hands flying to catch onto Steve’s neck. He glared back at Steve’s smiling face. His eyes narrowed even further as Steve began to walk outside of the room.
Tony should probably admit both of them were high at the time. Meh, finals were coming up and Tony needed a little relaxation from his stress. It totally wasn’t his fault he found Ryder’s stash after he left-
“Hey no, don’t go there Tony. No one is going to take Miles away from you. He has a wonderful father and his father has amazing friends who will do everything in their power to make sure he is never harmed.”
He pressed his face to the cold tile floor and tried falling asleep, hopeful that in sleep his pain would stop and his awareness for how enclosed and alone he felt would cease as well.
Steve was completely torn. He didn’t want to bail on the kids, but at the same time Tony had already been left in his room alone for about five minutes and he didn’t really want to extend that time.
“No make baba sad,” Miles said at Rhodey then turned to Tony. Plump fingers rain across wet cheeks. “No cry baba. Bad man,” he directed back at Rhodey. “No cry baba. Shhh, shhh no cry.”
“Ummm, I’m Ryder. Tony’s live in maid,” Ryder joked. But upon seeing no one had laughed, he cleared his throat. “Ah, his boyfriend. You can get Tony to vouch for me, when he gets back.”
With the exception of Wanda and Sam, the Avengers entered the newly renovated Tower. Steve marveled at the lines of the building. His eyes traveled at the softness of some of the lines that contrasted with the sharp jagged edges of some parts of the building. Steve yearned to grab his sketchbook and wondered briefly if he could take some time away to buy one.
He was allowed a few moments of rest, before he heard the supply closet door open. He almost started to angrily cry at the thought that it would be Ryder telling him he had to go back. He let out a noise of relief, when the brief light from the hallway revealed Steve.
He turned the bracelet in his hand and then smiled briefly. The smile was tired, but there was something of a yearning in his expression.
“Yeah and then you would have joined like you always did,” Rhodey said, looking at Tony smiling as Tony laughed brightly.
Tony screwed his face up in confusion and Steve watched the adorable way his nose scrunched up. Tony tilted his head to face Ryder.
Tony was about to say something, but Ryder’s harsh fingers entering his already abused hole cut off his words. Ryder drew his fingers back and kissed Tony firmly on the mouth.
Cali entered the Tower nearly running, pulling alongside a man who looked to be in his late sixties. His wide frantic eyes skimmed everyone before him. Steve noticed the missing fingers first and his heart pounded viciously in his chest. Wanda was immediately called forth and sent out to ease the man’s fears.
“I am greatly proud of you and your dedication to the CMPNY. I had my doubts when you decided to take control after Howard’s death and I have never been so grateful than to have lived long enough to see the change you have implemented into the CMPNY.”
“They’re not little girls,” Steve somberly addressed. “They’re little black widows and oh I think I see one trailing behind you.”
“Sorry I am later Mr. Stark. Traffic was hectic, but FRIDAY let me right on up hope that’s okay,” a frantic woman rambled walking quickly toward them, trying to brush back her straying curls.
Tony smacked his lips together, trying to force out a salty tear that had fallen from Ryder’s cheek. He didn’t want Ryder’s tears.
But now…now it was time to finally say his goodbyes and not give that man another ounce of his time.
And Tony looked forward to this not just being a beginning of a beautiful life, but rather a continuation.
He didn’t know where that crippling fear came from, but the past year had been a lot so it would just be the icing on the cake for his son to disappear right under his nose. He walked quickly to Peter’s room and softly opened the door.
“Miles is too young to see this horrible bad romcom. So we’re going to go,” Harley announced. “Alright kid let’s go find your Aunt Nat. How many seashells did you get?”
On his way outside to the balcony he bumped into a body. When he looked up, he was startled to see the person there. “Ryder? What are you doing here? I thought you were coming back next Saturday.”
“You don’t have to thank me,” Steve answered, but he wasn’t sure Cali had even heard him since the phone hung up shortly after she spoke.
“He’s never going to be the same,” Ryder said, hoping to get the last word in. “After everything we’ve done together. After all the marks I’ve left on him, do you honestly think he’s going to get out of this the same?”
“Okay, while the children are at play let us show you our-” Wanda began, but was interrupted by Sam who head had been tucked under Thor’s.
Tony woke up to a warm arm slung around his waist. He turned slightly over and was met with Ryder breathing softly into his pillow. A slow smile started to grace Tony’s face as he continued looking at Ryder. A few minutes passed as Tony studied Ryder’s sleeping face and taking in how peaceful he looked, when he didn’t have the stress of his job on his shoulders. Tony wished that he could remain as peaceful as this forever. But alas Tony knew his wishes rarely ever came true.
“I’m not telling Tony anything, until I’m positive that the Ryder that was identified is actually the one who died. Find a way to get Isak here. I want to question him,” Steve asserted, jaw clenching tightly and hands folded tightly on the table.
“Touch me here,” Tony said, hands grabbing Steve’s chin. Tony grabbed onto Steve’s hands and lifted his hips up, showing Steve just exactly where he wanted him. Steve swallowed and took the instruction easily.
“What happened to him?” Tony questioned. He hadn’t known the driver, but he had felt thankful for him getting away.
“There’s no way in hell I’m letting Tony near him. Did you not hear me, when I told him the exact same thing? Like I’m sorry did we all not see what he did to Tony and we want to bring him in as what…bait,” Steve hissed. “That’s happening over my dead body.”
Bucky laughed shortly. “I think so. I mean I’m still doing therapy and then I’ve been keeping up with my B.A.R.F. appointments that I began in Wakanda. So I don’t think it’ll ever be a full recovery, but it’s better than knowing that the Winter Soldier can become activated with a few words.”
He almost pleaded to just have her stay, if she wasn’t going to help him leave. It wasn’t fair that he had to stay here and she was able to leave. Tony struggled to face the fact that he had no autonomy. He had no control over what happened next. His body was nearly immobile and the first time Tony realized he truly couldn’t move he had been sent into a panic attack.
I'm behind on responding to comments, but know I see you, appreciate you, love you, and will respond soon! As always enjoy :)
Steve frowned. “I don’t understand…you would be leaving Harley? Bekah you can’t honestly think that this is a great idea. The kid’s finally getting excited about you coming back home to him.”
Steve pulled back and pressed the palms of his hands against his eyelids. Tony stopped the story, seeing the movement. Steve pressed harder, wanting to ease out the stinging pain that was filling his head. He wanted some way to stop how his heart thundered and his mouth filled with acid as Tony despondently told this story, in a detached manner as though trying to save Steve.
“No, Steve. Just say it for what it is. You’re leaving me because I’m fucking broken and I can’t be fixed,” Tony joked lacking any amusement. “You’re leaving me because I’m just not good enough for you to stay.”
“Yeah, Shuri’s awesome like that. She said she’ll be expecting that you’ll let her make a grand toast as a thanks. Also you did amazing Uncle Tony’s going to love this,” Peter announced, looking out at the passing cars and buildings as they now made their way to pick up Harley and Peter.
Tony looked back to Harley and Miles who had looked shocked at the sudden departure from their playmate. However, they didn’t look shocked for long, deciding that they would just go play outside.
“And I fell in love with you and I couldn’t stop. I couldn’t stop imagining how it would be if I told you my feelings…whether you would accept them. If you did, I felt like everything…those 70 years in ice would be worth it just if I could have you,” Steve honestly proclaimed.
When Tony noticed that Ryder had followed him, he turned around and walked toward him. Tony hadn’t really had a chance to talk to Ryder, since he had surprised him. However, seeing him there made him realize that he should catch up.
(And apologies for any mistakes...from now on just keep this in your head 'cause I am going to stop adding it to the notes lol.)
He leant back, causing his neck to lengthen and then leaned over himself in order to grab the black confidential folder. When he looked back to Ryder underneath his eyelids, he was surprised to see that there was no interest in there whatsoever.
“And what if I never want to talk about it,” Tony whispered, eyes going back to Iron Bear, since he didn’t really want to see their expressions of pity or worse disappointment.
“And you. How are things with Tony? I mean you signed the Accords, which that was a surprise to me.”
