“It’s… Strange. Not as dreadful as you had made it sound, but not marvelous either. It’s acceptable,” he said, putting down the crust and dusting off his hands. He poured himself some more Coca-Cola. “Although I think that Gawain here thinks otherwise.”
“Unimportant at the moment,” the mirror said, clasping its -- Sherlock’s -- hands together. “Now, you need a kick of self-esteem. The clothes are perfect, but I can sense the unease deep in your guts. I know you have a plan in mind -- and that’s good! Always be prepared. But throw in a little playfulness. Guys like John like it.”
Lestrade walked back to where a small boat was stationed. He tossed his fisherman hat down inside and climbed after it. Sherlock eyed the level of its shabbiness, his facial expression settling on resigned as he blinked away his urge to just throw himself in the water and drown. Why did he agree to this again? Oh right, because of that annoyingly handsome blond guy standing a few feet away from him.
The demon knife wound bubbled, the skin irritated and purple-black where it cut through the muscles and bones. Seb tugged viciously, causing the hand to split in half between the vampire’s middle a ring finger. He grabbed the wounded monster by the shirt, threw him on the ground, and in one swift motion cut his head off.
He cleared his throat and looked down on the floor. “Ah, yes, sorry. Lestrade has just gone out. I’ve no idea where. Probably dumpster diving to find a new exhibit for the Shack.”
The upkeeper asked Sherlock about his mould experiment, and he immediately got to listing all his observations. Irene stole a glance at John, who sat leaning against the backrest, looking at Sherlock from under his eyelashes in between typing something on his phone.
Next, he has to make sure a couple machines stay on, but the backup generator is always ready to jump into action should the situation need it. He’s not worried about that. The vending machine stayed put, ordinary as ever. Even Sherlock couldn’t sniff this one out, hah. There are some minor things he needs to check before morning, which he’ll do right now, but other than that he’s good to go.
They dusted themselves off, looking around the green garden. It was neatly organised, the grass cut and trimmed to an even level, a flower bed resting in the far back near a white picket fence. Kate and Irene sneaked around the house, their backs pressed to the walls so as to ensure that no one would see them. As they rounded the next corner, however, they were forced to retreat into a neighbouring, uninviting bush with thorns as big as themselves.
Sherlock, recognising the magically mundane muggle reference, sat up straighter, ears pricking up and eyes glowing with excitement he didn’t let his face express as openly. “Truly, that would be a shame for them. Not for the daleks, though.”
Sherlock splayed like a cat, relaxing into the caring touch of his doctor. His best friend. His lover. His forever. He peeked at John, who kept smiling at him the the sun. He was thinking the same thing.
“That’s complicated,” Mike said, scratching his head. “You see, Violet and Molly are more of their own duo. But they also have strict parents. Well, Violet does. Molly lives with her grandma; her parents passed away ten years ago.”
“Nope,” Sherlock shook his head, curls bouncing with the flow. “Even Lestrade will be a tad taller than you. I’ll be the tallest and then you can stand in my shadow.”
“Hold onto me,” Mycroft instructed him once they were in an abandoned alley just outside the train station. Sherlock intertwined their elbows, as much as he hated to be in his brother’s proximity right now. Soon he felt the world around him twisting, knotting his stomach and dizzying his head until he found himself standing firmly in their home’s foyer with both feet and body part intact.
John took out his compass, checking the directions He had to head up north, and he was currently going more to the north-west. Not a big deal, he just followed the forest outline, but he will have to head east to get on the right course and off this forsaken heat.
Sherlock finally broke the intense eye contact (victory!) and scowled at his own plate where a poorly constructed meal consisting of pieces of half-eaten chicken, rice, and vegetables. He made a grimace and attempted the puppy eyes at the Gryffindor, but failed. Na-ah, that was John’s specialty. So, he stabbed the chicken and made a show of eating, but it made John happy.
“Oh, hello, John,” the imposter greeted from the side, calm and collected. John shot him a glare. “Don’t be angry, I told you I’ll be back shortly. A bit of an inconvenience, seeing Sherlock here, though. Not for long.”
“If you don’t stop throwing that crap on my car, I’ll drown you in tomatoes,” Lestrade threatened, making the boys laugh. What followed was a thorough red tomato shower, and Sherlock gladly waited inside the car, shielded from the curse called children. “HONESTLY! Do you want me to run you over as well? Get you some Oliver Twist injuries for you so you can beg passersby for money?”
Dean turned around holding a steaming hot pie, a practised smile firmly in place as he regarded the camera, tossing a dish towel over his shoulder. Cut to Sam who was chasing a dog and got stuck in a field that has just turned their sprinklers on, slipping on the wet grass and ending up all wet and soggy. The next cut showed Cas coming out of a closet, confused, his wings bumping into a vase and he hastily scrambled to catch it, but it broke to thousands of pieces. Dean came out with a disapproving look on his face, but they both laughed it off in that awkward acting fashion and hugged it out. The intro ended and while the rest of the credits appeared on and faded out of screen, the show went on.
She took it to heart, for she rested her head on the tiled floor and her breaths even out in seconds. She trusted him. And Cas wouldn’t let her down.
John didn’t have to answer for them to find out. His step-sister has loudly called Janine, who happened to be crossing the street to get into her family’s fancy car. She ran up to the girl, holding a manila folder.
“Here, have this earbud,” Sherlock offered without thinking, deliberately not noticing John’s head leaned in closer due to the short length of the cable. “It’s surprisingly good. Miranda, the man who wrote it, is a genius in his own way. It’s a mix of the classical Broadway you get, plus rap.”
Jesus fucking Christ, this was a horrendous feeling. Is this what Sherlock’s parents felt like when he disappeared for five minutes at that awful birthday party of his cousin back when he was seven years old and he got bored? The difference here was that he merely left to nitpick at said cousin’s planetarium, and the party took place at a family villa, not a sodding mall full of strangers.
Vitto winked at them, disappearing in the kitchen as John led Sherlock to a table by the window. The diner wasn’t packed per se, but it wasn’t empty either. People invited their friends out for a meal to catch up, date, gossip -- typical Reichenbach Falls stuff.
“Hm, I think they’ll admit the love factor by the end of summer for sure,” Mrs Hudson added thoughtfully, looking at her joined hands under the table. Greg’s forehead creased, and his eyes jumped from object to object.
“So, Sherlock and Irene arrived. Crazy, I know. And guess what? Today they managed to witness the uprising of our dolls and Nic Cage. John and Mrs Hudson burned him in the pit out in the yard, and no one was injured. I wasn’t at home, though - Sally needed backup playing poker. I thought I’d lure Nic out this time around, but the kids beat me to it. They’re smart, the three of them. And Mrs Hudson is hyperactive as ever, in great health too. God knows we wouldn’t be able to function without that woman.”
“I don’t think I’ve seen her,” Irene told the man. She’s been too busy cleaning herself up to give a damn about the funfair or other people attending. “But I can keep an eye out?”
"This is different, he's my enemy," Sherlock said seriously, but the way he told it it made it sound rather funny, but John refrained from laughing. His brother must be exceptionally annoying, then. "It would be beneficial if you didn't meet him."
John scanned the moist dark walls at either side. He half expected something to jump them at any moment, and Sherlock's commentary didn't ease his anxious mind.
“This isn’t a muggle house, Ron,” she said and leaned onto the railing carefully. “It’s hard to explain, I don’t know much about them, I only heard about them from Lupin, and he said they’re trustworthy.”
tell me, if you’d like to talk about it. People sometimes need to vent, and I bet angels are the same.”
"I’ve just finished Mrs. Hudson’s tea, thanks," Harry said, glancing around awkwardly. Being here, he suddenly didn’t know how to begin. Come to think of it, he practically didn’t give it much thought as to what he’ll tell the detectives.
Mrs Hudson parked her car on the curb on the opposite sidewalk of the street. Sherlock sucked on his lower lip, pondering when it’s going to be a good opportunity to tell Irene. Hm, actually… Mrs Hudson didn’t know either. Perhaps both of them would like to know at the same time? He cleared his throat.
“You sure?” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Just making sure. Smaller bites, Sherlock. I swear you’d die of poisoning on your own. Here. I’ll get you more water. I don’t have much else to give you, but I will go to a nearby village tomorrow morning and restock on something less… pungent.”
From what John gathered via the owl post, Sherlock’s summer was beyond the known realms of boring. In every letter he sent there were at least three paragraphs complaining about his brother, his extended family visiting at the given time, and about how he was grounded for meddling with advanced potions.
“Can’t wait,” Greg murmured, filling in brackets in a crossword. Sherlock observed his fast scribbling with his chin leaning on his open palm, bored. As the toast popped up, crispy and hot, Greg stood up and stretched his arms. He scratched the nape of his neck and opened the window. “Well. I’m going to count the cash and then I’ll restock the gift shop. You guys be ready to leave at two.”
She snapped her fingers and out of nowhere (hint: from above) a flock of ducklings descended onto the stage attached to tiny makeshift parachutes, quacking unknowingly and happily. The audience lost it. Every female, safe for Irene and Mrs Hudson, shed a tear at the cute sight. Some men, too, and one or two even yelled ‘I’ll freakin’ kill to keep these babies safe!’ -- it was Mr Ripper from the neighbouring town Madison Prim. He punched the eye of the tiger again from the pent-up excitement.
in custard. Doesn’t he have an exhibitionist streak too? Good for him to get a segment on the radio.”
“Oh, Nicky got a hold of your ancient-Japan katana in the museum you got from that samurai last year. Don’t worry, John escaped unharmed. I rammed Nicky into the fire pit and poured gasoline on that git. I’m, sorry. I know you liked him.”
Here's a gif of Cas and Dean huggin' it out in purgatory, cuz Dean is just as relieved to see his angel as he is in the fic
“Jesus, how is she so wild?” John asked worriedly, peeking out to see Irene tramp downstairs and into the adjacent rooms like a tornado. She pushed Sam into a wall, threw a dirty sock at Dean, ruffled Cas’ hair, stuck her tongue out at John, hugged Sherlock around the waist, and then ran up again. All of this happened in such a quick succession their collective brain cells struggled to comprehend it.
“Girls, stop bickering. Sherlock, first you have breakfast too, and THEN we can go solve old crimes.”
antics and went to spread his wet clothes on his chair and wardrobe door. Sherlock emerged from the bathroom with fog at his heels and his curls smelling of lavender. John walked over and hugged him, just because he was allowed to do so freely now. Sherlock’s hands rested on his back, soothing and anchoring.
The clock ticked and tocked. Time flew by. And Sherlock, despite his better judgement, he meditated on Irene’s words from the previous night. It wasn’t often he allowed himself to be more vulnerable with people. He had his reasons. But at least Irene didn’t ridicule him for his indecisiveness. She did voice her exasperation, but that was when they were alone. She was all the support network he had, nowadays. He learned to trust her, albeit reluctantly.
The small crowd of First Year's grew more and more anxious with every second they had to stand out in the open. It wasn't exactly comfortable being exposed to the whole school like that - as if the older students were vultures waiting for the moment to descend upon the innocent children and devour them.
Special thanks to Bee and Dee for listening to me bullshit my way through practising russian for oral examinations this past Wednesday
“Absolutely not, sir!” Kate half-yelled, grinning. Greg had enough strength to roll his eyes and get on with it.
And, having only three people at the Shack -- the dogs wanted a trip, so Greg put them on leashes and took them to Hudders’ place -- a small incident happened.
Irene snorted, squeezing water out of her long dark hair. “I bet you have to wiggle your butt for that to work.”
“Well, okay. Sherlock didn’t say that outloud. In fact, he wasn’t very talkative at all. But I have a feeling. In my guts. You know how idioms go.”
to stop him, as Sherlock put it. But he was able to get an extra book besides the Hogwarts bunch, one about deadly plants and their uses. John made a small note to watch out for any green stuff he may stumble upon this year.
“I said I would,” Sherlock replied, throwing a leg between John’s. He snuggled up a bit higher and put up an elbow to support himself as he read the book’s summary. It was about two siblings, Kendra and Seth Sorenson, and how they are sent to spend two weeks at their grandparents’ house over the summer in Connecticut. He could see why John would choose to read it, if even out of familiarity over his and Lestrade’s situation. The genre of the book was fantasy, so he supposed that the siblings must have stumbled upon magic shenanigans like he and Irene did, but in different context. “Who is this witch?”
“And my aura ceases to be properly balanced?” Sherlock frowned, brows furrowing funnily. His mirror self grinned. It was strange seeing emotions play out on his face when he hadn’t explicitly shown them.
John swallowed the lump in his throat, clenched and unclenched his fists under the table and made his choice.
Everyone peeked over him. Donovan and Alistair stepped forward, taking a closer look at the situation. John and Sherlock exchanged glances and nodded. John took out his phone and got his camera ready.
“You alright?” Greg appeared by his side, out of breath and sweaty. Sam himself was reeking. They were in need of a shower.
“Oh, how I wanted to scream for Gloria, to let her know I was home! When I woke up next, I found myself constrained to this cave. I knew I was dead, but my fury had no effect and I couldn’t break out. For a long time, I couldn’t even have a form like this one. Until now.”
Mrs Hudson joined them in the museum part of the Shack soon after, somewhat better feeling but still shaken. Could the ‘murder’ of a doll tremble her to bits like this? While it was true that the nature of the crime had occurred to be stirring into the creepy territory, Irene couldn’t help but wonder how stuffed rags held so much emotional value for someone. To each their own, she guessed. She won’t judge Mrs Hudson - she made the bloody doll, after all.
“Yes, and as such I can kick your ass for endangering your health,” John giggled, any previous tension gone. Sherlock decided it would be better to stop eavesdropping, no matter how soothing and enchanting John’s voice sounded to him.
“Well,” Irene started, unstoppable despite the lack of audience, “that doesn’t matter too much. I just wanted you to say hello to my new girlfriend!”
Thank you all for reading, giving kudos, bookmarks, and lovely comments - they make my days bighter, so I hope shenanigans in Reichenbach Falls at the Mystery Shack can cheer you up, too!
"Yeah, I guess," Harry said, his heart clenching at the idea that something worse may have happened in the meantime. "I just wish there was a way to get news from them all."
“One of them said a fortune teller from another town warned them about the ghost,” Sherlock explained, eyes twinkling. Oh, this will be exciting! “Apparently the ghost killed two men from a neighbouring town in the past month or so.”
Jake’s ears dipped, sad but understanding. He hugged Irene around her neck and murmured into her collarbone, “It’s alright. Thank you for keeping our deal and not telling them.”
It seemed that the whole town had broken the cane over Henry, except for Sally (but why would she persist?). And possibly Lestrade. Even Henry’s father seemed to have accepted his son’s incapacitation, partial loss of memory, and mild insanity, though begrudgingly. He’d planned to retire and leave his business to Henry, his only son. That was thrown out the window, however. Life went on.
He had to admit his defeat. Rosie, despite his best erratic efforts, is gone. The kidnapper must’ve been a woman, then. Comforting even if unfamiliar, and so Rosie let herself be taken without protest. Sherlock was sweaty, hot (and not in the good way), mentally broken, and stressed out beyond relief. For a brief second, he thought of getting lost himself forever, just so he wouldn’t have to see John’s face fall at the news of Rosie…. John had forgiven Sherlock on numerous occasions, but this? This is what broke the camel’s back, surely. Even Sherlock understood how much children meant to their parents -- he’s one himself. Or was? No, no catastrophic scenarios now. Except…
"It's not nosy if the whole school knows about it," interrupted Sherlock from the ground. He got on his elbows and held the black sleeve to his lower lip. "Maybe if you were more discreet about your infidelity-"
Sherlock’s hopes deflated. He knew it was a stretch, but well. “Pity. There are two journals that came before this particular book. Isn’t there a way to find out where they could be?”
“I think my license expired last week but I have holy water on me somewhere,” Dean deadpanned and patted his jacket and shirt.
He chased Cage into the neighbouring second room on the attic level. It was spacious, even if crowded by junk and unused furniture. The possessed doll rolled under an old, foul smelling couch, irresistible to Castiel’s attempts to drag him out using his own powers of telekinesis. Inwardly, he chanted an exorcism ritual in various languages, but none were effective.
"One thing that I have to mention, though, is of great importance," Dumbledore said and observed each house over his half-moon spectacles. The chit-chat died down immediately, as if the entire student body embraced itself to face something grave.
“It’s okay, Grace,” he said soothingly. Redbeard was wagging his tail from his bed underneath the dining table. Cas booped his nose as he saw Irene and John do it and then left. Grace gowled when he ascended the stairs, but he brushed it off, though a prickling feeling settled at the back of his mind.
“HOLMES ARE YOU KIDDING ME!” Irene shrieked, holding onto the frame like her life depended on it. “IF WE END UP DEAD BECAUSE OF YOU, I’LL KILL YOU!”
John checked the time on his phone; five minutes passed. He went to the bathroom diagonally across from his room and found the first aid kit. He made Greg buy them immediately after the old ones expired, though they kept the bandages. He made a quick work of disinfecting the scratches, hissing at the stinging discomfort.
"Well, I’m sure Mrs. Hudson is preparing a care package for you this very moment," Sherlock called from the window, smirking.
He turned up the volume on the radio, switching between songs that sounded promising. Eventually, he leaned back in his seat and patted his bag for his phone. His heart skipped a beat when he didn’t get a hold of it. Then he remembered he left it at the Shack. Bummer. He could’ve been listening to Hamilton or Chicago. Instead, he listened to a song called ‘
John thought about it for a while. “Alright, but isn’t there a way the flower could, I dunno, take roots? That it would grow here every year permanently? I mean, it’s pretty, it would be a shame if you use up the only one around here and possibly never see another one again, no?”
“Oh….” Mrs Hudson fixed her gaze on her reflection. Irene hugged her from the other side. “It… it really is lovely! Do you think Angelo will like it too?”
Good question, but complicated. And much too advanced to be exchanged in sign language; too extensive. And Sherlock didn’t feel like disclosing it to him, no matter how trustworthy John seemed. He had to retain a certain amount of distance and reign his curiosity. There was still a possibility that John worked for the enemy, and Sherlock had been betrayed already. As such, he resolved to a mere shrug.
“Only if you teach me,” John wiggled his eyebrows in a challenging manner, rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet.
“Grace and Redbeard it is, then,” Sherlock confirmed, picking Redbeard up and nuzzling his fur. So what if the puppy’s coat was a bit dusty? He’ll shower and wash his face later.
"Care to tell me where you've been? I haven't seen you leave the Common Room." Sherlock discreetly hid his bandaged arm in his sleeve.
Sherlock’s curls flounced as he shook his head. “Not really. It’s similar, but I’d be the first Consulting Detective out there. I could help police in London or wherever I end up, but preferably there. God knows Scotland Yard is always in need of help.”
Naturally, being the person he is, knowing the risks and the dangers of brewing such a potion, he got to making it the minute he finished his research. Safe to say, it didn’t go as planned.
What got his attention was a single mention of a local legend. The article stated it passingly, and he had to read it three times over to catch it fully. The author wrote that the few native people that he had spoken to claimed that an ancient being once brought terror upon the world, and that the being’s rivals set their tribe to guard the key to the Circle of Doom, as they called it. Interesting -- could it be another name for the Colour Wheel? But there was no mention of colours or symbols. Either way, worth investigating.
“If you say so,” John laughed, closing in on Sherlock from around the bush he was crouched behind. “What are you doing?”
“I’m great, no worries,” John reassured her. She could really let go of him now. Instead, she kept watching him like a hawk, her smile big and frozen. He jerked his head at Irene and Sherlock behind them in hopes of diverting her attention. “Uhm, can I introduce you? That’s Irene and Sherlock, my friends. They came over for the summer.”
, he wanted to say, but refrained. He’d thought about it during nights when sleep was difficult to achieve thanks to hot weather, but professing his love for this madman in a bistro wasn’t exactly the romantic pinnacle of his life he wanted to carry out. He slapped himself mentally for overthinking
“And how well-versed are you in humanity?” Irene asked. Even for having a human body, something about Cas classified him as ‘out of place’.
As such, he lifted his legs and switched sides so that he could rest his head atop John’s thighs. John cradled his cheek with a warm palm. Sherlock leaned into the touch, batting his eyelashes up at his boyfriend. John bent to plant a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead and then returned his gaze to a reprise of
Unexpectedly, Sherlock rocked into John’s embrace, toppling them over and he ended up sprawled over John, hands propping him up on either side of his shoulders. He smirked victoriously and dipped his head lower, whispering next to John’s ear, the rumble of Sherlock’s baritone shaking up John’s whole being.
Dean nodded, wiping his hands on a dish towel. “Yeah, John told him about how I cashed on Huggybear and he liked it. We’ll come up with more abominations!”
Kate’s phone pinged. “That’s mum,” she said, standing up. It was past seven o’clock. “Gotta go, peeps. Tell Greg I’m taking a paid leave tomorrow. Relatives are visiting.”
“Right?” She slumped in her chair, manspreading under the table. “Cas, was Mary really a virgin? You’re an angel so you should know this kind of gossip.”
She was standing on the threshold of the living room, clutching her chest, distressed. She latched onto Sherlock, shaking him by the shoulders. Pointing to the armchair, she said, “
Greg sniffed at the term ‘old man’ -- he was thirty-seven, for God’s sake! Involuntarily, his mind remembered Irene’s suggestion that he dyes his hair silver.
Mary hummed, not really believing it. Something told her that those two pages were somehow significant. “I’ll look into it.”
“You’re funny as always, brother-dear,” she rolled her eyes, but hugged him tight just to spite him. He grunted as her grip around his neck tightened further, cutting his oxygen intake. She let go and he gasped for air dramatically. “I have a task for you two.”
“Good, it’s very nice,” Sherlock said. He looked down at the dog in his arms. “I wanted to get Irene a cow to be thematic -- don’t give me that look, John, she’s a taurus -- but there’s no cattle here, so she’ll have to make do with a dog.”
a full-blown crush. That’s a frankly depressive thought. “Want to read the journal? I have a new theory regarding the author, I could use a second opinion.”
Dean jogs up to his brother dressed in his swimming shorts, a shit-eating grin on his freckled face. Cas is nowhere to be found precisely, but we see a glimpse of him getting ice cream in the background, a suspicious grimace firmly in place.
Upon returning to his room, Sherlock was greeted by the sight of his older brother reading the note from John.
Thing was, Sherlock rarely mentioned Mycroft and everything related to him. He shut off for months on end when he’d disappeared, and he’d let go of his childhood dream of becoming a pirate when he grew up. He slowly opened up to Irene, trusting her enough to confide in her when he couldn’t deal with his thoughts alone. And she valued that above all.
Well, this was awkward. John held Mycroft’s gaze as the older boy observed him, his lips curled in a sly smile.
Mary went through photos scattered on her freshly washed duvet. John figured on a few of them. Unknowingly, of course. She had taken them when he wasn’t looking. Frustrated, she threw them off, the glossy printed out papers fluttering in the evoken flutter of breeze, falling on the carpeted floor. Anger built up in her with every breath she inhaled. She clutched her pearl necklace, knuckles white from the pressure. Mary clenched her pristine white teeth, set her jaw and drew a phone from under her centremost pillow.
The girls sighed in relief. Irene patted his coat. “That’s lovely. Oof. Can we go to your pocket universe and turn there?”
“Yes. They’re theirs, but didn’t want to come in because of the toi tois. Which brings me to the question of why on Earth of all that is holy did TARDIS have to put us next to portable toilets?”
“Okay, that’s pretty good. You’re right that I have a disinterest for fruit flavours, but I don’t hate them. By the way, this is really good, taste it.”
“I was asking a similar question,” Cas said, scratching his eyebrow. “No idea. I’ve no recollection of ending up in the bird sanctuary. Where and when was the last time you saw me?”
“Nicked it off Sherlock,” Irene said neutrally, leaning back in her chair as she regarded John with an innocent look. When John cocked an eyebrow, she continued. “What, you didn’t know? Sherlock smokes.”
"Sherlock, it's not a good idea to play with this…. Whatever it is in the dungeons," John said, helping him stand. The echo of the wind sounded throughout the walls and corridors.
“It’s around… 3000 miles from Florida to here,” John said, approximating the distance. “The US is huge.”
Dean gave him a vague shrug and turned the car around; John had given him directions how to get to the quarry. They need to drive south of town and follow the signs. “I dunno, I just don’t. Their music is okay, but I never actively sought it out myself.”
“I thought I’d lost Rosie in the mall,” Sherlock confessed, biting his lower lip. What will John think of him? He’s a detective solving crimes, and yet he can’t watch their child, even though miscommunication took over, overruling his logical part of the brain by a flood of emotions he never imagined he’d experience in his life.
Lestrade tipped the burnt end of the cig outside the window as he inhaled. Sherlock envied him. He couldn’t even get a tiny sniff of it. “Yeah, it rings a bell. Had an Impala, didn’t they?”
“Nothing. But if you want an FBI badge, you need to have this professional ‘aura’ about you. No offense, but your hair usually makes you seem a bit feral, like an aggressive crow or something.”
“Yeah, Greg and Mrs Hudson. Plate up. Sherlock, you too.” Sherlock’s gaze flicked to John and to the journal propped on the edge of the table, then back to John. “I mean it, put it away for a few minutes. You’ve been reading through it all day.
Sherlock stood there, shocked. He didn’t even notice Irene come forward from the back of the shop, a merciless smirk on her face.
Rolling her eyes, Irene stayed where she was and took out her own. She’s not going to bother. “You lazy slob. I’ll call him from mine.”
“Ah, I see that Professor Moody considers it a waste of time if he hadn’t uncovered six plots to murder him before the day is over, Dumbledore,” Karkaroff snarled, crossing his arms. “And now he is teaching his students to fear assassination too. You surely had your reasons why to employ him.”
“I won’t say yes or no, because that would give it away,” he said, “but it still could be anything.”
“Where you off to?” John said groggily. Sherlock’s heart swelled, and he leaned in to press a kiss to John’s temple, crossing his right leg over the left to shield his stupid, misbehaved crotch. He almost gave in to John’s tugs to get him to lie again, but he could really use that shower to wash off the sweat. “I want cuddles.”
She cancelled the call and put her phone into her hoodie pocket, surely next to her now entangled headphones. “Well?” Sherlock asked when she didn’t say anything.
with that in mind, enjoy - it's only going to get gayer from here, I promise >:3 *waits for the spn ship to drop*
“Thank you, everyone, for offering our friend Huggybear a warm hug before your departure,” he said solemnly. “And the money you donated for bears in need of hugs! I’m sure the Oregon centre for helping grizzlies will appreciate it greatly.”
She sneaked out into the gift shop while Sherlock wasn’t awake to bust her. The gift shop yawned with emptiness -- Kate was late. Yesterday, while Sherlock buzzed around his boyfriend like the sap that he is, she examined the shiny piece of
and the deer - who, in the meantime creeped closer to Sherlock in order to properly sniff him - lifted his head to look at the not-so-formally-clothed Canadian Mystery Man™..
“Let’s hope they return before summer ends,” Sherlock said thoughtfully. “Sam, you told me you and Dean frequently research the lore of places you visit if there’s a case. Can we join?”
"I promised them we would help, I'm doing my job, John, do keep up," Sherlock said, looking back at his companion. "I mean it, you're quite slow today. Hungry? I know a good place not far from here."
“Shit, sorry! Fuck, I shouldn’t swear - ugh, shit, I did it again - nevermind, ignore me. Are you alright? I didn’t see you coming in.” He crashed with John. Great. So much for avoiding him. He had been doing so well after the dinner awkwardness.
Sam and Dean exchanged a glance when he turned around, shrugging. “Yeah, kinda,” Dean answered awkwardly. He cleared his throat. “How long have you been doing these tours?”
“Ah, of course I have. I have the honour of knowing you, don’t I? And don’t listen to that rich girl, her whole family is full of jackasses.”
ANYWAY, I hope you guys are having a wonderful day <3 If it's too hot where you live, I wish you the best AC ever and cold drinks to cool off
“It’s perfect, Irene!” Jake said, twisting his neck to look at her. He bared his teeth in an animal effort at a smile. “You’re the best human ever. I’m so glad you didn’t spray me with that smelly can the other day.”
“Irene,” she said, fidgeting next to her. She cast Irene a wavering glance, shoulders hunching over shyly. “I would like to tell you something.”
“Your brain is probably mixing up memories from those movies you used to watch as a kid,” Sherlock shrugged, though he did have a slight feeling of familiarity as well. Nothing spectacular, though. He’d remember if he ever were to such a dump prior to today.
“Will we have to destroy the rings?” Sherlock whispered to Dean while James and Gloria stood up. He shrugged, opening his flask with holy water and sniffing it.
They came into the kitchen. Sam was putting duct tape over a hole in the window so as to prevent water from flooding the house. John took out ice packs from the freezer, and Sherlock was suffering a good chewing out session from his sister.
“Brilliant!” Irene grinned at him, pulling him into her arms for a hug. “Sounds good to me. Thanks, Jake. You’re the best.”
"Yeah, so what?" John growled in defense. "I don't have a good feeling about this, Sherlock. Please, let's get back before some Prefect catches us!"
There were no transmissions in the past week, but he was able to track the dimensional movement of his dear Captain, and it went without fuss. Good to see that. There have been times where he got stuck in a dimension for months on end. Greg wished they could have clearer, two-way communication like they did at the beginning when his husband got dragged in-between universes fifteen years ago. They had a secret language and symbols they used to talk in when they were children, and it continued until they were adults and separated, too. But even that became nigh impossible to maintain. Their walkie-talkies had functioned for four years, and it was a tremendous relief as they tried to figure out their next course of action, but… Greg could only guess whether his messages were received. Their made-up language worked after the walkie-talkie attempts fucked up, but even that was harder to catch nowadays. No wonder he was greying before forty.
"He didn’t mean biscuits," John said, laughing. "She’ll pack you a whole dinner for you all, I bet."
“Of you two lunatics? Nah. I’ll take you tossers on like nothing. I’m fucking scared of McGonagall coming for our arses. Or some Prefects. Or, oh God, Snape or even worse - Dumbledore.”
seemed to have rewound, then yeah, it was fine. Otherwise it was just really rude and annoying, but none of Greg’s calls to Anthea or Gabe suggested sinister causes. He had a look around the funfair, but there he was distracted by the dogs. Speaking of which….
"Shame we can join the Quidditch team in our second year and not now," said Greg and he stuffed himself with potatoes.
“Agreed,” Dean said, picking up Irene as they approached the ice cream stand. A guy operated it, dressed in an orange tee and shorts, a black apron wrapped around his neck and waist. “Okay, Princess, which flavour do you want?”
“Oh, you’re back!” Irene said, turning the tablet off and standing up. She snatched the bag with Castiel’s clothes from him and laid them out piece by piece on his bed. He sighed and sat down next to Kate while Cas stayed hovering nearby. John opened the window. “So Cas has the church attire vibe deep rooted, huh. Not bad. Sherlock, you picked the shirts?”
“No need, I’ll just wash my face,” Sherlock said in a bored voice. John fished out a fresh towel from a cupboard and tossed it to Sherlock as he walked out, winking.
"I think he was travelling, can't say for sure," Greg said. "I've seen him with that kid, Moriarty, a lot,you know, at Hogwarts. Maybe he's with him somewhere."
Cas gulps down at the feeble threat, and the audience track gasps. Dean shakes his head and puts the newspaper baton down, walking out of the scene. We see Cas step out of the kitchen, glancing at the front door as if he will bolt any second. He gathers the newspaper, thinking it better to feign ignorance and sits down, spreading it wide.
Sherlock snorted at that. “I suppose social cues dictate I should thank you, so I do: thank you, John.”
Sherlock sucked in a breath. Good, he doesn’t have to face him that soon. Maybe, if he’s clever enough, he can avoid him all summer, if only to escape Irene’s remarks. But meeting Lestrade’s gaze, he felt a frown scrunch up his brows. Lestrade eyed him with a
“Wow. Your town is weirder than I thought,” Dean said. “What’s next? Sherlock’s a creature of the night?”
“God damnit, can you stop?” he pried Cas’ finger from the radio, watching the road so as not to miss the next turn.
“So it’s like sleeping off a long hangover?” Dean suggested as Irene curled and uncurled his calloused fingers. He booped her nose and she repeated after him.
The man turned on his heels, swinging his umbrella over one shoulder leisurely. John watched him go, undecided whether he was insulted or just annoyed. In the end he huffed a sigh himself, rolling his eyes and turning to walk back inside his house.
“Well, well. If it isn’t our British lady,” Janine tutted, sight running critically over Irene’s outfit. Her nose wrinkled distastefully, but Irene’s smile persisted. She won’t let some stuck-up girl rain on her parade. “Yes, we
They kept bickering all the while Martha served the first couple of pancakes. Dean plated up three of them and grabbed a bottle of high-quality maple syrup to commit a war crime against them. Death by drowning! Sticky, delicious drowning.
The yell that left Irene’s lips was enough to rouse Lestrade from his office as he hurriedly took stairs three at a time, Mrs Hudson at his heels.
“And? Doesn’t make me obliged to -- oh, right. Fine.” Irene snorted as she passed them and walked Cas out of their way. Sherlock’s hatred for household chores was obvious and strong like Mr Ripper’s tiger eye resistance, but his desire to snog the hell out of John? Stronger than Wakanda’s vibranium. And John’s plan had finally dawned on him. Sweet summer child.
“It looks pretty nifty to me,” Greg pursed his lips into an impressed line. The doll’s torso was made of beige wool, and Mrs. Hudson snatched one of his older shirts to dress it in, but the trousers were knitted as they were. The pair of shoes the doll was wearing was also handmade (so much for fitted and tailored), and he noticed Mrs Hudson stuffed its biceps
John put on a poker face when Mrs Hudson swooned over petunias and orchids for the seventh time as they passed the garden section at the general store’s property. She and Greg had assured him it would be a quick job. Get in, find the target, pay if applicable, and get out. Mrs Hudson insisted on paying and pointedly glared at Greg so that he wouldn’t try to scam the owners.
“Getting expelled isn’t fun,” John lectured, setting the notebook down. He knew Sherlock was just winding him up, but he wouldn’t put it past him to attempt such a thing.
Sherlock took the reins and described in great detail everything that the three of them had recounted. Once they were on the same page, Cas leaned forward, mouth opening and closing in search of words, but none came. Gabriel looked similarly speechless facing his next of kin.
Greg buried his face in his face. Even on his day off he couldn’t get rest. The worst thing was that they were probably right. He never was one for knowing what looked good on him and what did not (Mrs Hudson helped him a lot nowadays, honestly - plus he mostly played it cool with shirts and trousers, that worked marvels), but he still thought his hair as it was now was fine. Hm. He’ll consider it. But he won’t tell them they had already partially won. They probably knew in spite of his protest.
Dean shifted to look at Cas. “Back to you, angel. You said there’s no signal for your angel radio? None?”
“You’re welcome,” John smiled and planted a kiss on his curls. Sherlock squirmed, pink dots painting his cheeks adorably. “Eat up. Mrs Hudson will strangle you if you don’t.”
The construction of some of the attractions? Fishy at best. Quite literally, there was a tank filled with fish of different kinds, and a guy sat on a bench above the water surface, taunting bystanders by yelling into a megaphone to try hit a lever that would send him swimming. No one was able to fulfill their revenge fantasy, unfortunately, and the guy laughed in their faces. But Irene believed that karma would be delivered sooner or later.
“Hudson?” James said, if a little dazed. His gaze fell upon the damp remains of his (presumably) murderer. Sherlock was a bit taken aback at first, but he quickly realised they meant someone completely different, with no connection to Mrs Hudson. “He killed me.”
"Not bad," John said, checking the parchment for any defects. There were a few tiny holes in the paper, but Greg cast the spell nicely and effectively. A little more practise and it will be perfect.
“Too disgusting?” he asked, eyebrows raised in an amused smirk. When Sherlock nodded, he smiled, a mischievous upturn of his lips. And Sherlock hated that he kind of liked that. John knelt in front of him and ate the rest of what Sherlock refused to even look at. “Not that bad when you’re on the road and hungry.”
It was now 9:30, and he sat burrowed in his duvet like a gremlin, taking in the forgotten knowledge. There was a very interesting section on aliens and shapeshifters, as well as witchcraft and its folklore in Reichenbach Falls. Witchcraft had, unfortunately, died out with its last witch roughly fifty years ago in the eighties, with no successor known. As such, this passage was therefore useless, with the exception of the time frame - that had given Sherlock an estimation of sorts of how old the author could be or was, but it held no value if he didn’t know when they went missing.
John and Sherlock drew closer, holding their breaths. There was no light inside the cupboard, but Sherlock jerked the doors fully open anyway.
“Passive but nonetheless present, nice,” Sherlock said, sculpting windows into presumed towers. “When I was six, Mycroft and I had also built a sandcastle. I’m trying to remodel it from memory, but it’s hard to recall the precise picture.”
He lifted his chin, feeling the handle of the fridge door, fetching himself a fizzy soda drink. A yellow post-it note caught his eye. It was from Mrs Hudson, telling him to call her as soon as he gets home, no matter the hour.
“I imagine he didn’t think he would be told off for bullying by Mycroft Holmes when he woke up this morning,” John joked lamely. He risked a sideways glance at the Sherlock’s older brother, who was only amusedly contemplating him.
Sherlock wiped his eyes with the back of his hand, took a deep breath, and braced himself for the inevitable downfall. But next to John stood a man, a familiar man -- short, plump, a warm smile on his face, black rimmed squarish glasses sitting on his nose, and a brown coat. Mike Stamford chatted John up, and the two laughed at something Sherlock didn’t catch; he was too busy running towards them and -- Rosie, who sat in Stamford’s arms, awake and safe and unharmed.
“I guess I’ll have to have my fingers crossed to have a mermaid girlfriend,” she sighed dramatically and then blew on her nail polish to dry faster again, even shaking her hands to achieve the status of being able to touch stuff without the polish distorting. “I guess I should slow down on the dating front. It’s not like I had much luck in Toronto either. You know what? That’s exactly what I’m going to do. I think I’m way better at matchmaking others than myself. Yes, I’ll do that!”
“Harry, are you even listening to me?” Hermione’s voice dragged him out of his reverie. Soon they’ll be near the class.
She sang some more, pointing at people and telling them things that were, apparently, true about them. Her bared fingers distraitly played with her pearl necklace as her gaze swept through the audience. One lady was spending the money she had won in a lottery on McDonald’s food (John saw Sherlock’s expression grow sour; to him it was obvious straight away by the subtle stains on her gown and fingers and the distinctive fast food smell), another man was said to have visited before (that was obvious even to John, the man had every piece of merch bought and signed by Mary personally), and lastly, Mary descended among the crowd to shake their hands.
, join the Gryffindor team this year! You’re so good! How can you be so obtuse? C’mon, you won’t regret it.”
The doors opened and closed, steps treading lightly on the floorboards. A hand touched his shoulder, prompting him to twist and look at Sherlock. Corners of his mouth quirked up but froze when he took a look at his date.
“Because you’re putting your tiny neck on the line for a problem that doesn’t involve you, fluffy boy. Is there a chance for you to have backup? I’ll be worried if you go alone.”
Sherlock automatically grabbed a packet of cigs sticking out from one box. All this stress made him crave nicotine to calm his unstable, worried neurons. He whirled around his axis to glare at the elf. It worked; said man cowered near the stroller in which three more boxes of cigarettes lay, disguised in Christmas wrapping paper. The topmost box bore tear marks on its side where the man started unwrapping it.
special thanks to bee, dee, and my teacher-become-friend M with whom I'm now on first name basis :D she's a wonderful history teacher
“It’ll be for just a bit. Besides, Grace isn’t coming nearer to the toi tois. You won’t convince her.”
“Humour me. I tried to find out who the expelled student was. All we found out in the past five months that he was a Gryffindor - I knew that since Christmas - and that he raised Acromantulas in the castle. But he couldn’t be the one to open the Chamber, he wasn’t an heir of Slytherin. But talking about it years after is ‘divulging private information’, ‘insensitive’ and whatnot…”
“Tired,” Kate groaned, Irene grunting in agreement. They put their feet up on the coffee table. Mrs Hudson appeared next to Greg, a sunny smile on her face.
“What? How?” He turned to Cas as John reappeared from the kitchen. The metal clinking of the dogs’ bowls echoed through the lower level of the house, their hungry snouts devouring their food.
“Technically, but I have no foundation in forestocracy nor do I have an idea of what kind of politics and laws pertain under the crowns of these pine trees. I wonder what bathing in squirrels feels like.”
The evening was entertaining to say the least. Well -- he got to spend it in John’s presence, of course it was spectacular. But damn, they were so close to kissing. And then he sneezed. He was sure his bloody body hated him. All those damned biological responses coming at the most inconvenient of times….
With a Plan B, he dragged his feet up the seventeen steps of the hellish staircase, unbuttoning his shirt as he ascended. His fingers felt numb, and his only lifetime goal at the moment was to get to his bed without missing it. Although, even if he did, he wouldn’t mind sleeping on the floor. Any surface horizontal enough for rest was acceptable at this point.
“Don’t take it personally,” Irene told him cheekily, smiling innocently in the direction of his glare. “We just know what’s best for you. And grey hair is the way of enlightenment, Greg.”
Dean turned up the radio, which picked up a local station. He hadn’t the energy to switch to his mixtapes, so he let it groove as it was. Cas was sitting in the passenger’s seat mutely, gazing at the forests and later buildings outside. Dean glanced his way every now and then to see his profile, but said nothing. He wanted to ask questions, but none came to mind. So he stayed quiet and carried on.
John piled up a handful of sand and patted it onto a bigger, mushier pile of darkened wet sand. He obeyed Sherlock’s orders on the matter of building sandcastles, sweating through the ordeal. Personally he thought it ridiculous for the castle to have a toruture dungeon, but when Sherlock pouted
John twisted to face Sherlock. There was a pout on his lips and a scowl scrunching his nose and face in distaste. “Jealous?”
He schooled his expression into a soft smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes and said, “Alright, but come to the attic. Irene and I have a girls’ night today.”
“Who’s going first?” Sherlock asked, throwing a fresh towel over his shoulder three minutes later. John looked up from his closet, his pulse quickening.
“I’m touched,” Seb said, teeth bared in a feral little smile. “But I know how to get the deed for you in a week and a half tops.”
Sherlock hummed in response, adjusting his cap a little. The warm, humid air made him sweat and he hated it. The hair that stuck out from under the cap curled up on itself even more. Amazing. He’ll look like an electrocuted sheep.
The statue had also been given a new coat in the form of ivy. Or rather, a full bodysuit piece, seeing as the succulent climbed up the dude’s legs. His hard features were unreadable, his face invisible to the outside world under the cover of green. His outstretched arm, however, gave him away. And through the fingers of his pointing hand and forefinger resided a single red rose, its petal redder than the purest blood. At the bottom of the pedestal were the initials ‘JM’.
The paint was dry in most places on Sherlock’s chest, and his shirt was weighing down on him. He thought of how ridiculous they must look. Chaotic would be a good word for it, yes. But it is their chaos.
“Sorry! I just… saw your tattoo and my fish brain had the urge to touch it,” she said by way of explanation, and Greg rubbed at the spot. The… oh, ‘tattoo’. It was really a scar, but she didn’t need to know that.
“That’s a long story,” Kate said, smiling shyly. She clasped Irene on the shoulder. “So that’s where you came from? Jake lives under the house? Does Greg know?”
"Alright, that's it, I had enough for today," John said grumpily. Not only did that whole ordeal scare the living daylight out of him, he felt the tiredness creep up on him as well. And, this bust was loud and surely drew attention of the Prefect girl. "We should really get back to our dorms now. And quietly."
Irene watched the brunette next to Kate speak fervently in hushed tones. She was sure that with every word, Kate’s eyebrows would disappear in her hairline.
“Look, Irene,” John straightened in his chair, looking at the clock on his bedside table. “It’s half past midnight. I appreciate your concern, but I’d rather not talk about my rather obvious crush, as I just found out, this late. Or early. Whatever. I want to get Mary out of the way first.” He swallowed the hard lump in his throat. Thinking about what creeped on him today made his stomach cramp. Every instinct told him to run in the other direction, said direction being Sherlock. But he already confirmed, and he was no coward. He can survive an hour in his ex’s presence, just this once. Give her a clear message that no, thank you, but I’ve met a brilliant guy and I’m not interested in anything you have to offer -- please move on.
“That,” John said, grabbing Sherlock by the wrist and offering him a napkin, “was the single cutest thing I’ve ever seen. Adorable.”
bad, they lie. And the mystery Shack lied constantly. Although perhaps it could be called creativity and swift turnarounds of the law. Greg Lestrade wanted money in order to survive in this cold, cruel world created by an absent Father, and Dean wanted to help John and Sherlock, like Cas and Sam, and so they all lied. An interesting circle of life. Cas liked to analyse his interactions with humans and observe them as a whole. It was a pity he wasn’t allowed or taken to Earth often before, but while the amnesia mess clears up, he can make the most of it.
It was a well-known fact that Filch waged war on the students, and they reciprocated the feelings of hatred just as much, so John and Sherlock were well aware that he wouldn't soften up on them for such a trifle as having magical blisters wreck your hand.
"You better leave him alone!" he shouted, the Sixth Year tripping on his robes as the book hit him in the face.
“Don’t try to downplay it, you smart bastard,” John grinned bumping their shoulders. John propped his chin on his fist, leaning on the armrest. His look was somewhat dreamy and giddy, and Sherlock wasn’t sure if he saw him look from his lips to his eyes. “You did a good job. No -- not good -- fucking amazing. Brilliant, as I said.”
They had fallen asleep with stomachs full of pizza and Coca-Cola, too tired for a late-night chat, but content.
Irene followed the trail Kate pointed out with her forefinger. Yep, they’d manage. They got right to it unanimously, ready to get out of this hellhole and far, far away from Mary. Kate had it easier grasping the clothes, dragging herself up. Apparently she was also a former scout and took mountain climbing classes which now became useful. She helped Irene, offering a hand constantly to make sure they both kept up with the pace. Who knows how long Mary will be gone?
John went quiet, and Sherlock wondered whether he had said something bad. He heard the blond walk up to him, grabbing the opposite end of the table as they lifted it.
It was, kind of. Getting this taken by someone he had met only hours prior was a little insane… but it held some appeal. Okay, he was insane for sure. Either way, he needed to talk to Sherlock properly to get to know him better.
Weeks passed and so did the weather. Last bits of summer were lost and changed by chilly wind and heavy rains, which made Flying lessons difficult and unbearable, but they made do. When fall transformed into winter, the castle was decorated beautifully by Professor Flitwick's charms and spells, which made the atmosphere quite lively and relaxed and helped soothe the uncomfortable news spread by the Daily Prophet about more and more incidents at the Ministry conducted by the Death Eaters.
Disappointed but not surprised, Sam slammed the car door shut and paced back to the beach. Dean joined Cas in throwing pebbles, the latter standing knees deep in water, their backs turned to Sam. Irene was swimming off shore and talking to that loner girl from earlier. She saw Sam and waved at him, and decided to swim back. Sam waited for her to resurface, water dripping from her in glimmering droplets that stained the dry sand anew.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Irene offered, brows scrunched up in a frown. John looked down at his hands, his shoulders twitching up and down in a shrug.
“Stop trying to wriggle out of this,” John said, glaring at him from over the rim of his teacup. He set the cup down on the porcelain plate, licking his lips. Sherlock was suddenly hypnotised. “Plus, I was thinking we could go have hot chocolate at that cozy place across the street from the mall.”
“I was thinking…” He hugged John’s right arm and caressed the underside of his forearm. “Could we keep them?”
She let herself be embraced by this gentle giant, the faint smell of quarry and fishy and gravel hitting her nose. Sherlock was right, they
“Be nice, boys,” their Dad said, false-mockingly, a smile threatening to taint his mouth. “Well, off I go, I guess. Your mother needs help dealing with the Malfoys and the Lestrange. You know they need the useless blabber of reassurance now that the trials are taking place. I loathe it, but we can’t do anything about it right now.”
“The devil is good at hiding in small spaces, I have to admit,” Irene said, downing the rest of her lemonade. “Where’s Greg?”
“Anyone I deem an idiot?” Sherlock suggested, leaning backwards as Wilkes stepped closer, jaw set, a silent determination to punch Sherlock evident in his brown irises.
Air conditioning was a blessing. Greg laid on top of his bed covers, limbs akimbo, breathing in the cool air. He dialed up John’s number a second time. And a third. And a fourth…. Greg tried not to panic. John’s probably being snogged by Sherlock for all he cares, but c’mon, they can pick up once a day! Young people and their hormones…. Hey, fine, he’s been hopelessly in love at that age too (still is), but ignoring phone calls is extreme. Eh, if a catastrophe were to happen he’d have Anthea ring him immediately. They’re likely just messing around, scamming tourists….
“Excuse me, sir,” a man that appeared on his side said. He was wearing a beige overall bearing the symbol of the local animal control station, and he carried a slip lead.  “Are those your dogs?”
“Such a gentleman,” John bit out, shifting nervously. He licked his lips. How should he… Oh fuck it. John placed a warm palm on the man’s back near where the wings conjoined his body and lightly shook him. “Hey, uh, sir? Sir! We need you to wake up.”
“It’s been a while since I researched terpenes and the specific properties. Mind if we postpone the author debate? After all, it’d be better with Irene present so that I don’t have to repeat myself. I find it tedious. I need to fetch my shampoo to look at its composition.”
“But how could Greg help if he doesn’t know about demons?” he whispered. Demons were assholes in the best of circumstances, he wouldn’t put it beyond civilians to ignore the signs if they weren’t exposed to them, but it didn’t add up.
“It is you!” the racoon purred, his snout sniffing at them through the bush branches. She held her breath as his own mingled with the air they inhaled. He dumpster dived, ew. “What are you doing here?”
“Stop trying to coddle me,” Sherlock grumbled, standing up. “And how could I ever feel threatened by a pigeon?”
John contemplated it, looking from Sherlock to the backpack and at the greenery besides them. “Good point. I’ll go first, but you keep close to me, alright?”
“I know you to be quite the man of steel, Doctor,” said Tim, “but these injuries are rough even for me. I already started healing, no need for that. I know the goblin stench can get overwhelming and I already barely keep it contained from the muggles, you don’t want to smell it up close. But I appreciate the thought.”
Greg and John jumped at the sudden exclamation, and Kate dove for her purse to retrieve a piece of shiny paper she then handed to her boss. Greg took it, skimming over the scattered words across the page. “Okay, I see words. And I understand them separately.”
“Bravo, then, Holmes,” Cage said icily from behind the poster face. “You uncovered us. How smart. Princesses: clap!”
"Morning," he greeted them once he shuffled into the kitchen. He plopped down across the two, yawning. His hair was a mess, which proved to be enough of a distraction for Harry since he chuckled at the sight. "What?"
“Sam, I need to talk to you,” he said urgently, clutching Sherlock’s mystery journal in his arms. Sam’s never seen him this agitated. “Right now, upstairs. Irene is waiting in the attic.”
“I’m not saying he’s not, just stating the obvious. It must be hard, waiting for him for long periods of time. Never too sure when exactly he is coming back.”
“I get why he’s upset,” Irene said, hoping to have a weeping willow in the time travellers. “But he’s also developed an unhealthy attachment to the dogs.”
“Thanks. I’m glad you two are dating, by the way. He’s good for you. Angelo’s a gentle soul. How’s his sister in Seattle?”
“So, we’re here for the long haul?” Dean asked, he and Irene oblivious to Cas’ wings shielding them from underneath. He didn’t use his grace to make them visible, it would be pointless. And in case the landing was firm ground, they’d sustain no damage and that was important.
Out of the blue, a loud screeching sound and a distant thud of things falling to the ground roused everyone in the living room. Greg swore, earning a swat on the shoulder from Mrs Hudson as John jumped to his feet that mechanically led him outside.
“Greg, we need to talk,” John said. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Sherlock open the fridge door and peer inside to grab a juice carton.
“Where are you going?” Sherlock inquired. He watched Irene frantically move about the room looking for something. She proclaimed a mighty ‘
“This is unbelievable!” Irene gasped, pushing John aside so suddenly he banged up against the cash register.
John was packing his suitcase for Hogwarts the day before leaving, a smile displayed on his face as he remembered the contents of Sherlock’s letters. In the background
“This is why I think that something bigger might be at play. This cannot be God’s intervention because despite my search for him, why would he choose the Apocalypse to come in only to disappear without a trace?”
The night was cold but windless, so Sherlock didn't need a cloak nor a coat for such a short distance - he was only going to show Henry his place in the Owlery and then return and continue with his experiment.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively, tipping his head to the side to bask in the sun before he got in the boat. He sat next to John.
John looked at Greg, a telepathic agreement passing between them. They nodded, selling themselves to this case, albeit cold.
Lestrade patted her on the shoulder and she gave him a crooked smile. “You know he appreciates what you did for him, don’t you?” he said, voice tender and careful.
“I will crowd you to the nearest wall until you cowardly run away and acknowledge I am, in fact, simply right.”
She took out black shorts to accompany Karkat, and a fresh pair of underwear. She’ll tumble over like a dead log after dinner and sleep for twelve hours straight, she could picture it clearly. For now, she would stay in her semi-wet swimming suit. The air in the attic was marginally warmer, and the open window did nothing to vent it.
“Do you want the long or short version?” John asked, more as a joke but also as an honest question. If Sherlock said he wanted the details, he’ll give them. The less he spent mulling over the decision himself, the better. He’ll just rattle out the facts as he knows them and then perhaps a part of his soul will feel lighter.
“Can I see that journal? If it doesn’t bother you, I mean,” John asked, stopping at his bedroom’s door. He looked like a hopeful puppy. Irene stopped in the middle of the staircase and waited for Sherlock to answer.
That seemed to have stumped Cas into silence. “He isn’t,” he said at last. Dean bumped his shoulder.
“What? You’re too gullible.” Some crows agreed with him, but a couple swallows chirped in the dodo’s defense. Wow, things were getting heated in the dodo fandom. John caressed the dodo’s feathers and back, consoling it.
Irene recounted their third attempt at reversing the future past. She looked to the three of them for support. “Isn’t there anything you can do? Like, I don’t know -- a mathematical equation that solves Mike’s inability to avoid hitting Molly? Or one that prevents Andrew West from approaching them?”
“Stamford,” Sherlock nodded curtly, unbothered by his arrival. He could become uptight around acquaintances, but Mike seemed to have formed a sort of trustful bond with Sherlock. Quite uncharacteristic, but Irene was happy to see it there. Unacknowledged, but nonetheless present.
"I know who could help you find it," John blurted out without thinking. He regretted speaking out loud, but he had the girls' attention so he couldn't back out now. He hoped Sherlock wouldn't kill him for this.
“It was way too sweet. I got cavities just smelling it,” John said with full mouth, spitting a few crumbs on the table. Greg pointedly stared at him until he cleaned it up. Raindrops hypnotically drummed on the window panes and roof of the house outside.
John stifled a yawn, his left fist covering his mouth, his eyes watering. It was astounding how desperate people were to be ripped off. He handed a scrawny kid his change and Sherlock tore him a rectangle of useless piece of coloured paper to bring inside with him.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. I won’t be jealous of a dumb bird who can’t differentiate a friend from a fiend.”
Once upstairs and behind confidentially closed doors, the boys sat down on John’s purple carpet in a semicircle, legs crossed and elbows propped on pointy knees. Sherlock bore his gaze into Greg, impatiently waiting for him to get started.
Wishing Carl and the other boys good night, he plopped down on his four-poster bed and dug under the inviting, warm covers. The claws of dreams reached for him, dragging him deep under, his breaths becoming longer with each inhale and exhale.
And if she wanted to get back together? Well, in that case, too bad. John’s interest currently held a gorgeous Brit sitting next to him. Speaking of which, said Brit unbuckled his seat belt, arm brushing against John’s as he opened the door on his side and got out to stretch his legs. John shuffled out right after, Irene poking him to be faster. People gathered in a long line on the other side of the street, waiting to get inside the giant ominous tent looming over them.
A strategy that Cas thought of was to pin him to the ground and either let a rogue lightning bolt electrocute him or just vaporise him into thin air. Perhaps both. One thing he was sure about was that Nicolas Cage impostors were a tedious nuisance to deal with.
he had the day off to have a date with Mrs Hudson. As such, his other three employees had to step in, though their proficiency skills weren’t as sharp as Angelo’s, but they were as tasty, at least. John had no trouble waiting, at least he’ll figure out what the fuck is up with Sherlock.
To his surprise, he didn’t have to wait long. The door sprung open ever so slightly, a quiet murmur inviting him in. He slithered through the gap inside, taking his Cloak off immediately.
Grace was growling from behind the kitchen barrier where she and Redbeard were. The puppy was barking enthusiastically at the new visitor, but his mom was less approving. Sherlock was just as confused as the rest of them.
John’s hands automatically shot down to cover his crotch, his back colliding with his wardrobe and the wood banged shut in its hinges. He totally forgot that he was just in his underwear since it was the hottest night of the summer so far.
He practically kicked the door open, sprinting out, fast enough not to hear Greg’s indignant ‘Hey!’ as he banged the door shut using more force than necessary. He tried to play it cool should Sherlock spot him first, but it took him longer than he’d like to locate his boyfriend and Irene. She was sitting at a table under the trees in the shade, and to John’s surprise, they were accompanied by two dogs. John didn’t recognise them; they weren’t Mike’s or anyone else’s he knew in Reichenbach Falls. Sherlock was sitting on the green grass, a red coated puppy in his arms. It looked like a hunting breed, but he couldn’t place it yet.
“And have it crossed your thick skull,” growled a voice from the threshold, “that maybe someone’s hoping Potter is going to die for the prize the Tournament offers?”
Aunt Martha beamed at him and began cutting the pieces. “I should let them cool off completely, but I am very impatient when it comes to baking. I like them fudgy and a little liquidy, if you don’t mind.”
“Is that so? Mr Lestrade is a professional conman, one that won’t resist scamming his own next of kin, surely. My people have tracked him for years now, and money is the way to speak to him. No doubt you know this or that about your Golden Boy’s uncle, but I’ll be sending a file to your group. I’d rather not play dirty here, though. Just a memo. Mr Lestrade could be valuable later on, who knows?”
Not waiting for Sherlock to respond, John walked to the rocks and started climbing down carefully. They were even enough for him not to worry about slipping and breaking a bone or two. Once he hopped on the grass, he semi-crouched, listening for angry noises of the aviators around. A murder of white and grey crows gathered on a willow nearby, heads bobbing, beaks opening and closing as croaks escaped their throats in their own language. John tried to make himself look as unassuming as possible.
John chewed on his food, not meeting Sherlock’s gaze. He hated to admit that Greyback out of everyone they had encountered so far stirred up so many emotions, still. It wasn’t irrational, and it wasn’t really fear, but it was uncomfortable. It was the injustice of it all that allowed Greyback to get away with his crimes that rattled John to the core; the fact that he was roaming the streets unrestrained and under the command of a crazy man who fancied himself a Lord.
“Speaking of schedules, can I borrow you, John? Just a moment, I promise,” Mycroft said calmly, though John sensed pointed urgency underneath the layer of indifference.
“I had no idea we were having dinner tonight,” she said, worrying her lip. It was currently half past eleven, and Irene had finally bothered to come back from her stupid date.
How could he have allowed this to happen? He should’ve been more observant, more skeptical. Why was he so gullible tonight? He let himself believe whatever the mirror said, when it was obviously just mollycoddling to achieve its own ploys by throwing him off-guard. And now John might be in danger because of him!
The second file was about the fabled Mystery Shack. Seb smiled at the picture stuck to the top of the page and another of its owner, the Mystery Man. Gregory Lestrade, one smart son of a bitch. He couldn’t help but snort at the memory of Mary and Vivien Norbury confronting him and getting called stupid in their faces. Of course he’s going to be careful, he’s pissed off at the Club for bothering him for the past decade.
Sherlock’s foot under the table moved up his calf, his chin propped up on the back of his hand. “Pretty please?”
Cas flipped to another page, only to see that two were stuck together. He pried them from each other gently, careful not to rip the old paper. A drawing titled
John squatted in the grass of the vast colourful fields, lips pouting to make kissy noises at Redbeard who was currently running around like a blaze, ears flopping behind like flags, pink tongue out to taste the evoked breeze. Redbeard trailed past John to where Sherlock was standing, then to Grace who was sniffing a suspicious molehill, the dirt damp and freshly mounted.
"A small case nonetheless," said Sherlock, dreamily gazing out of the window. "We could go back to that corridor next year if we're lucky."
Jake’s head fell lower, his beetle eyes looking sad. “Others are scared of this place. I think they cannot process it the way I do.”
Lestrade was sitting cross-legged on the cashier counter, chatting amiably with whom Sherlock presumed to be the owner -- a tall, muscular man with thick glasses wearing a Big Bang Theory hoodie. He had his head shaven, probably as a result of genetic balding early on in his twenties. Instead of trying to maintain few patchy spots of hair, he embraced his new style and submitted to his genetic inheritance. A good move on his part.
Also, some of you probably noticed yesterday that there was an update. Sorry if I gave out the false hope it was this chapter, I ony added ToC and intro to Season1, but you probably skimmed over that already to get an idea. Yep, this fic just went from 100 to 300 chapters. 3 in 1! All three seasons will be compiled here from now on with clear breaks in-between.
He knew Sherlock wouldn't admit it, but he was scared when the book attempted to devour his hand, John could tell - it didn't take a genius to see that. The Ravenclaw was more reserved than he would normally be, and he finished his chocolate without complaining.
“No, that’s a word. Exactyl is more of a pain in my butt. That dino scientist has been driving me nuts.”
“You two share a bedroom up in the attic,” Mrs. Hudson said, pointing at a corridor ahead of them where another set of stairs would take them to their bedsit. “There’s two rooms, but the other one is used for storage, so it’s easy to tell where you actually spend the night.”
John opened and closed his mouth like a fish out of water. There were so many things he wanted - needed - to say at once.
“How did you know?” Cas asked, awkwardly depositing himself on the mattress, propping himself on his arm, as though unsure whether he was allowed to.
“Finally, we’re the same height!” Irene smiled, her sky blue eyes meeting Kate’s copper and hazel gaze. The corners of Kate’s eyes crinkled, and she pouted her mouth in an ‘
John propped himself up on an elbow and looked down on him. “You’re right, but it could be refreshing. Cold water is what we need, and we can spend hours there. It’s not a frequent tourist destination here, so besides us and the Queen folk there shouldn’t be anyone else.”
John set aside his empty plate, patting his sated belly. He felt even better after having eaten. Good thing Sherlock wrestled him out, in the end. Hm. He spent half the day without him, he could use a bit of ‘boyfriends’ time.
Cas wasn’t telepathic. He was fairly sure Dean wasn’t either, that wouldn’t escape Heaven’s notice. Was it… a prayer? That was the only explanation he could think of. It was hard to distinguish the words, perhaps due to his wonky grace, but the intent of it was crystal clear: hope, relief, and expectation.
“Let’s go together,” Kate said, intertwining her fingers with Irene’s. On the count of three, they jumped into the metal pipe, letting gravitation guide their sliding. It reminded Irene of waterslides, except there was less water and more friction. Thankfully, their clothes survived.
“You’re jittery, even now,” Cas said matter-of-factly. “Which is understandable, given the attempted kidnapping. But you fought back and inflicted damage that gave us an advantage, so you should be proud of yourself.”
"House Elves. They gather the clothes and wash them, a robe with a torn sleeve is bound to be found soon enough."
Sherlock exhaled through his nose. Perhaps John had a point, though he really did not see why he should mask his honesty. It was better to flat out say the truth than sugarcoat reality. Not an opinion many shared with him.
“We’re all afraid of something,” he replied cryptically. He stood up, prodding Sherlock to his dorm room. “You should probably be more afraid of repercussions if you keep undergoing similar adventures. Go to sleep, Sherlock.”
Dimmock hummed sincerely, empathically. Lestrade turned to him like a wasp ready to sting. “Are you kidding me? You honestly trust these little suckers?”
Kate tipped her head to appreciate the statement, absolutely unperturbed by its eeriness. “Pretty cool, dude. What made you come to Reichenbach Falls?”
“Rude. But to answer your question, Reichenbach Falls. John and Sherlock found me in a bird sanctuary in the woods.”
A whimper echoed throughout the kitchen and into the living room. Suddenly, a man appeared in the doorframe, stopping dead in his tracks, a hand mid-motion in his blond hair. He stared at the kids, who stared right back. The other man continued a grumpy monologue, probably unpacking the groceries, not realising the stunned silence.
“When is he coming back?” It was now Sherlock’s turn to speak. Gloria froze and the other three in their company tensed as a slight wind crept up their bodies.
He stood up, licking off the blood. The hellhound obeyed. Lucky her. Her blood isn’t even worth the hustle. He might keep her, in the end. She might come in handy after he trains her to do his bidding.
Sherlock made his way to the coat rack and grabbed his coat. Not long after, John emerged from the kitchen and put on his jacket as well. Harry followed them downstairs, taking out his Invisibility Cloak.
“We’ve got trust funds,” Sherlock dismissed him. Wow, no need to flex. “And even though my shirt and trousers are baggy, they’ll do.”
Dean shook his head. “Nah. You wouldn’t get here quick enough, and we’re almost done anyway. Do you have any cash on you? You could rent a motel room or --”
“Of course it’s not, I’m almost never joking,” he glared at her. He paced up and down the room, making quite the noise. “But don’t you see? It all adds up. She’s pale-”
He opened Henry's cage and let the owl out; he settled on the windowsill and watched his owner going through the Christmas mail. Once sure everything was alright, he told Henry who it was for. The owl was more than excited to take it, seeing as John used him only a few times during the first semester to send letters to his family and back.
She disappeared outside, and soon the three teens followed out and into Mrs Hudson’s awaiting truck. The radio played
Currently he was reading through an article from the 1500s about a new rule that passed in Hogwarts: apparently, having hedgehogs as familiar had become prohibited, the reason being that they poked students and other animals too much if threatened or spooked. Huh, curious. He flipped through a couple pages, stumbling upon another article talking about animagi and the registration process. One particular animagus pulled pranks on an unsuspecting muggle woman -- actually, he had a twin who helped him bamboozle the person. One of the culprits had transformed into a dog (an Irish wolfhound) and the other walked him by her house every morning. As they walked by on their way back, the second brother transformed into a dog of smaller breed (unknown) and this continued on until the Ministry of Magic caught up and made them register.
Irene and Kate exchanged a shameful look and retold the event, but neither Will nor Jake judged them for it. “Hey, I’d do the same thing,” Will said. “Just to try it out, you know?”
“Arrogant asshole,” Mary growled, sitting down on her four-poster bed. Irene felt a prickle of her own anger rise when she heard it under the smooth material. “Does he honestly think he’ll be off the hook for long?! When Magnussen sets his mind to it, he’ll be done for sooner than he finishes a tour at the Shack.”
“Cas, ready to go?” Sherlock asked the angel. He liked the rainbow-striped socks. Sherlock chuckled. “You can take them too, if you like them.”
"Yeah, well, I didn't like it anyway," said John, finally calming down. "Don't you think of going down there!" he added as he caught Sherlock glancing at the tiles, his face hiding emotions, but John had a feeling he was contemplating it.
“Yeah, I thought Red’s a bit of a wild one,” John joked, ruffling the puppy’s fur. “What about mama here?”
John shook his head and offered Sherlock a hand, which he declined by muttering "I'm fine" and off he went into the Potions classroom, his lip bloody.
Amiable silence settled over them after that, Sherlock relinquishing the embrace, John’s warm arms wrapped around him. It made him feel safe, and calm, and at peace for the first time in the day. Night, technically, since the sky outside darkened hours ago. Only the crackling of fire munching on wood in the fireplace could be heard. Sherlock played with the fine hair at the nape of John’s neck and sighed.
Dean took the lead and shoved the upper skeleton aside with the scythe, telling Sherlock one could never be sure what was alive and what was not. When Dean’s post-mortem stabbing proved that the bones would indeed not resurrect, they searched the clothes.
When she looked up to meet Mrs Hudson’s eyes, she found something akin to sadness in her gaze, a tiny lopsided smile on her thin, dry lips. “Of course there is chemistry between them,” Mrs Hudson cleared her throat, looking away. Irene thought for a moment she saw the woman’s eyes glass over, but she was probably overthinking this.
John met Sherlock again on the Hogwarts Express after the holidays were over in an empty compartment.
Smiling, Sherlock dived into his trunk for a pair of clean pants, sweatpants, and his favourite burgundy t-shirt. The chilly day won’t cause him to sweat; finally no one will give him questioning looks about why he’s not wearing
“Wait, what about us?” Irene gestured to herself and her brother. “If you sense auras, do we have them?”
“I don’t think so, he’s a softie. You heard how he was with the kleptomaniac racoon. If he puts up a fight, we gang up on him.”
“The blue, and the…. Aha! Here, wear this one,” she passed him his shirt in the colour of an eggplant she bought him as a birthday present last year. He liked it a lot, actually, but weren’t it for her, he would’ve forgotten about it. She also threw him a fresh pair of charcoal black trousers to go with it. “Now go and change. But come back here so I can style your hair.”
Special thanks to Bee and Dee, who got to beta read this for me and got similarly flabbergasted as to how this escalated. Well, what can I say, you'll see for yourselves~
“Alright,” Irene shrugged, but a prickle of suspicion rose in the back of her mind. Sherlock was fidgety, but not as anxious as he can usually get when something bothers him. He worried his lip, and his gaze was withdrawn, distant, focused on the floor. Contemplative. The beginning of overthinking, or its late stages. But what? “Will you tell me why you’re going to town?”
John darted back inside the library, apologising off-handedly to a tall person he bumped into. The stranger said nothing, and John paid him no attention whatsoever, his mind narrowed down to the goal of sniffing out the ultimate truth. He rubbed his shoulder, a little stiff from the impact of colliding with another person.
“Thank you very much, sir!” Mary said, no doubt with a shit-eating grin on her face as she accomplished whatever devilish plan she had. Her satisfaction was short-lived, however. Irene heard her stutter, and she ran after Greg, who deposited his purchase in the back seat of his car. “Sir, you can’t be serious!”
“John! This is the most mesmerising thing I've ever had!” Sherlock exclaimed, squinting into his empty glass, all thoughts of Mycroft forgotten. Greg nodded, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
Sherlock’s breathing turned shallow, hopelessness overtaking him, his chest contracting anxiously; the space he was in, an empty, dark platform as opposed to what he saw from the outside, oppressively feeling like it was closing in on him. One part of him feared that an unknown monster would jump on him from the darkness, but there was only eerie, dull loneliness accompanying him.
Her peers weren’t exactly thrilled by the news as she swept by the Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw tables, her long silvery hair gently bouncing up and down as she made her way to the Hogwarts Headmaster. As Pansy pointed out, a couple of Delacour’s schoolmates were hysterically crying at not being chosen. Dumbledore congratulated her and pointed her to the doors that would lead her to some meeting room for the champions. One more to go, for Hogwarts.
Warm sun beams caressed their wet faces as they walked back to the island on the bridge, both of them weary from the physical strain, especially Sherlock. Dean didn’t look that much worse for wear, if he were honest. How much could that man endure?
“Are you sure?” John asked softly, knocking on the stone as well. No signs of it disappearing or changing into a fizzy, translucent spell. “The dungeons are pretty confusing to me.”
“Deal!” Irene shook his hand for the dramatic, sealing the agreement firmly. She already had an outfit in mind that would go well with grey-silver hair….
that had a large selection of both men and women’s clothing. John aimed it to the back of the shop, knowing his way around. Cas followed him, but Sherlock strayed from their course and stopped by a rack that displayed a variety of blouses.
,” John mused, a grin breaking out on his face when the four adorable creatures in front of him became aware of his presence. He dropped on one knee when the puppy ran towards him to greet him, licking his forearms and neck when John picked the baby up. “And who’s this little guy?”
“If only, no. But it’s not my place to criticise you for that so early in the morning. I’ll go and change oil in the car now, enjoy your breakfast, boys!”
He did his research. What it yielded was an even better reason to hate the creature: it was related to
Dimmock gave him a half-shrug. He gulped down the rest of his coffee and threw it in a nearby trash can. He wiped his mouth in the sleeve of his uniform and motioned Sherlock to walk with him.
“I’ll check up on Irene,” Sherlock pointed his thumb towards the exit, eyeing John. He looked tense. He waved off John’s inquiry about what was up, saying he’ll be right back. John was left with the group that went about their loud business. Heaving a sigh, he dug a hand into Mike’s offered bag of nachos and joined the feast. Sherlock needed space, so he’ll grant him exactly that. It’s not like he knew when precisely he should pop the question, anyway.
"I… Thank you, really," Harry said, fidgeting on the chair. "Uhm, back to Umbridge - Hermione - she’s the smart one here -"
“Don’t blame me, I have to voice my scandalised thoughts,” John nudged him, the two of them shuffling closer as the last two children from the group ordered.
Her brother stormed in, his large hand stifling her cries as she wrapped the towel tighter around her tiny figure, eyes wide. The man in the closet blinked from Irene at Sherlock, lost for words.
“Your own ass is still wet,” Sam remarked, rolling his eyes. Dean’s jeans were still mostly soaked, especially on his rear, which also left an unruly imprint on the boat’s wooden seat within. He motioned to John and Sherlock to join them.
The atmosphere got a little tense, but after assuring the step-siblings everything was alright, it eased significantly. Sherlock stayed silent for a while longer, turning the new facts in his head.
“Get to it,” John prompted. So Sherlock did. The first bite was tentative and slow as Sherlock turned the piece in his mouth around, tasting the flavour. A happy hum left his throat, and John’s lips spread in a wide smile. He patted Sherlock’s right knee and got up to get one such cake for himself. The difference between the two of them, though, was that John ate it in three large bites barely chewing it out of habit while Sherlock seemed to analyse every last crumb of his cake. “Like it?”
“I love it!” Mrs Hudson sat at the edge of his bed, so Greg collapsed in a nearby armchair. “Have you called John?”
This chapter is dedicated to my betas, Daria, Beky, and Panda, whom I love as much as Draco loves to bitch about Harry~
Cas immediately scooted towards the middle again, a small smile on his lips, and the tightness that Dean felt previously had dissipated. “Thank you,” he said earnestly. Dean felt a tug inside his chest.
And then there was John’s obvious hesitation and mix of discomfort and embarrassment. Combine it with the ludicrous advertisement and the fact that John had dated this girl - Mary, Agra, whoever - and that she was in town, and his ex…
. “I think I have a crush on Sherlock.” Saying it outloud, his spirit lightened up. It felt good having it out of his system, having pondered over it for the past week. But dread also settled in, and he almost flinched and had to resist looking up at the door in case Sherlock suddenly appeared. Great, paranoia arrived!
John half-jogged over to the pit, Cage too furious to notice he was leading him on. Good. That’s very good. Fucker deserved a stake burning. What was he even on about Greg and his partner and problems? He’s been coming here since he was four, he would know about something like that!
“I think that I shouldn’t have consented to this in the first place,” Greg grumbled, steadying himself. He ran a hand through his silver-stricken temple. “Christ, I’m sorry. Shouldn’t have said that. But you did scare the shit out of me.”
Kate waved a hand and excused herself to fish a packet of chocolate chip cookies from a cupboard. “I’m hungry. If I make a correct bet, you’ll pay me even more. So, what’s the deal?”
So, here he was, walking himself into oblivion because of his dislike for public places. John, Irene, and Mrs Hudson went in, all needing to shop for groceries or other useless products. They wouldn’t talk him into entering that hellish box even if it was the last thing on earth to save him from the inevitable doom going by the name of boredom.
“Fair enough. And what is…” Sherlock trailed off waving his arms around to gesticulate at the inside of TARDIS. “This?”
Sherlock cracked his knuckles, then steepled cold fingers under his chin as he nodded at the wall. He listened for a while in case a Prefect or Snape came back, but nothing roused his suspicion. “First, the illusion in the floor led to a cave of sorts. That much was obvious, and you saw a platform underneath, which means it must’ve been used at some point in Hogwarts history. The question is where and what it leads to.”
“I like the smell of old books,” John said absently. “But yeah. That’s all we have. I never expected to see your wings. You fit in really well. It never occured to me that you might not be, you know, of human origin.”
“So, Cas disappeared for ‘angel business’ as he had allegedly told you,” Sherlock recounted one more time, “and you haven’t seen him since. The other angels are dicks, as the lot of you stated, which was confirmed by Cas himself, so they weren’t of any help and avoided you like the plague. And the crossroads demons refused to even show up unless forced or professionally taunted.”
“But what about Greg?” Irene asked, letting Grace sniff her leg. John’s uncle is very lenient when it comes to their quirks, but there is a line somewhere, however far in the distance.
“Nickname. He’s a friend of mine, moved in the Falls some…. four years back? He’s running a successful business. Greg helped him set it up. Gabe, the owner, is nice, snarky and witty, and he makes great coffee and muffins.”
Unfortunately, the universe was cross with Irene that day for some yet unknown divine reason, and when she put her knee forth to make further advancement, she kicked a deformed tin can, scaring the racoon out of its hide. Her reflexes were fast enough though, after all, to grab the sorry animal by its tail, but the unnerving thing proved to be that the mammal was surprisingly so strong that it dragged Irene with it.
He screamed so loud the disney princesses and even Hulk jumped at the decibels. John, on the other hand, took a protective stance of Sherlock and Irene. It was a small action, but Sherlock noted it. It was almost instinctual for John to do this - just like during the Gloria Scott case. He filed it away for later deduction.
He stood up and rolled his shoulders back to stretch his muscles. “I’ll be right with you, just going to get something from the car.”
Irene held a little plastic spoon and dug into her ice cream. She offered Dean a bite, so he tasted the mango one to be polite, but it wasn’t exactly to his liking. It was alright, but nothing spectacular. He was more of a cookie guy himself.
“I know how it sounds, but that’s how you’ll win Molly the ugly bear and later be able to ask her out.”
“Surprise me,” Sam shrugged, yawning. “Just don’t overeat yourself. Otherwise you’ll moan about your life choices all day.”
“No. I’m losing hope. My contacts never dealt with anything similar as we do, Greg. And even we aren’t sure what caused this mishmash, as Fritz would say.”
“Mhm. Sounds familiar. So, Sherlock -- wouldn’t you even try?” Seb said, quirking a fair eyebrow from under the shades. “I’m a ‘pupil’ of Mr Ripper, if you will. Despite the ads, he’s a nice dude. It’s all a show, mostly. He’s prone to more theatrics ever since that eye transplant, that’s all.”
“I can come with you,” Greg said. “I tinkered with cars in my spare time to see how they work. Mind if I join?”
“Yes, a pillow cat!” John showed him the animal, and Sherlock arched an eyebrow. Undoubtedly he thought it’s quite an unusual choice, but well. Cas was just now discovering the beauty of human delights in stuffed animals, and he’s doing great. Cas looked satisfied too.
“No need to flaunt it in front of everyone,” Greg grunted, taking less offense than Sherlock probably expected. “Yeah, sorry. I went berserk. Justinkopnik has
“I will,” Sherlock told her solemnly. He felt another soft pat on his cheeks before she released him. He turned his head sideways only to see Lestrade watching him, but there was nothing that would imply he in any way didn’t trust what Sherlock said there. No, he was in fact still smiling. Sherlock shifted his gaze on the wall next to Lestrade. “Uhm. I’ll go and find John. And Irene. Please behave, I don’t want to spend the night in county jail.”
John went through every instance when Sherlock solved a case. The most recent one was that with Freddie Mercury -- he basically connected the dots of shared interests and formed them into a coherent plan that worked well. However, Cage was not one for sharing. Then there was Gloria Scott, but back then Sherlock lost his nerve and angered Gloria further to see where her powers would take them; he even lied to her. She did unleash the undead at them -- but she was also distracted. Maybe that’s it! The only problem was that Cage was too set on his plan once he got into it. He had to turn it the other way.
“Yes!” Irene exclaimed cheerfully. “See, Cas? It does have logic to it! When something is canon it means it has been acknowledged in the original piece of fiction, but us fandom people disregard canon, usually. It’s like being in a collective hive mind. Creators decided to queerbait you and kill off the gay? Jokes on them, they married on Valentine’s Day. Oh, did they kill a person and destroy their whole character arc in the fourth season and introduce a third sibling that has NEVER been discussed before and acts like an X-Man supervillain? Fuck that, it’s canon divergent after third season and the baby doesn’t exist. Someone died? We ignore that.”
Sherlock was cut off by a microphone static deafening the whole square. Irene looked up to see a black policewoman in her beige work uniform grimace at the sound, haphazardly holding the microphone to her mouth so that she could be heard.
He started the shower, and Sherlock joined him shortly, the two of them standing underneath the shower head under cold water. Refreshing, given that they fooled around in thirty-five degrees Celsius air or so. He couldn’t bother converting Farenheit to a more sensible temperature.
Both Mrs Hudson and Irene swatted him, but he looked to John for approval. Which, to be honest, he gave him, grinning like a fool. This shit was hilarious, and Sherlock had a point. “I think I met him. Tryharder, that guy. Always has straight A’s on tests.”
“The guy was a bit shorter than you, but you’re pretty tall in general, heh,” the guy blurted out shyly, adjusting his green hat as a droplet of sweat rolled down his temple. Sherlock’s left eye twitched. “Uhm, he’s also a bit heavier in bodybuild, has a bigger belly, short brown hair, glasses, looked like a nice guy, actually.”
“You’re right. I’ll go get it and catch up with you. Let’s hope this mermaid is nice like those in H2O.”
“I didn’t want to steal it.” Jake sounded pained by the accusation. “Only borrow it. I’m just… SO curious about what you use daily… I dunno, I always take a look at it and then return it. I wouldn’t keep it! I swear!”
“Oh no!” Greg feigned fear but moved on immediately, no sign of worry lingering on his face. “Anyway, I’m going to town. Gotta buy new tools for Hudders.”
“That’d be nice,” John said, chastising his mind for darting to plans of where to drag Sherlock to secluded places to kiss him senseless behind some buildings. Jeez, it’s not even eight yet and he’s planning ahead.
“Do you need… help?” Irene offered, unsure of how to proceed. This lookalike of David Tennant didn’t look like he lost
John glared at him until Sherlock let go of the topic. Then he grabbed the mystery journal and a pen to jot down whatever Cas recalled and that was the end of it. Sherlock tried to sulk, but Cas continued and so he pushed through John’s unwillingness to explore the phenomenon.
Irene kicked Jim’s pedestal, her foot pendling back rhythmically. She held the rose in her open palm, not wanting to squash it. John took out his phone; they’ve gotten stuck at a dead point. Unfortunately, he had no reception. Shit.
“You don’t have to,” John said, relief spreading inside his body when she and Sherlock nodded. Moral support, he was grateful.
John hummed, arms pillowing his head as he squinted at Sherlock whose gaze rested upon him, fixating on miniscule details and possible clues John had no idea were on display. Having Sherlock observe him, have that attention solely on him… That did things to John.
Mundungus gave him the raised eyebrow, shifting on the chair. His legs shot forwards, tied tightly together with a rope. He looked at Sherlock, then John. "Oh, right," Sherlock said, his wand motioning at Fletcher. The man’s eyes widened, but when the piece of clothing disappeared from his mouth, he seemed to have calmed down.
He smiled inwardly and hummed in agreement. “I was also pleasantly surprised when I discovered it a year ago. Never saw the show live, but this is enough as it is.”
"Wands out," John murmured. He didn't have to say it twice. Both turned their backs to the other, watching out for their side of the street.
Hm, peculiar, you would fit into more than one house, but so did a few others. Lots of bravery like a true gryffindor, yes, and loyalty, not strange to a hufflepuff. The wit is there as well, ravenclaw wouldn't be bad either, and healthy ambition of a slytherin is present.
“You and Sherlock are similar. But Cas,” Irene said, reaching for his left hand, “Just know one thing: no matter what happens, Kate and I and all of us, in fact, will be there for you. Okay?”
“You’re a romantic at heart, admit it, Holmes.” Irene relished the blush that appeared in blotches on Sherlock’s pale cheeks. “Ha! It’s cute.”
“Yes, well,” Sherlock murmured into the crook of John’s neck, though a smile crept up his mouth, threatening to lift the corners of his mouth. “Now you know I was running about like a right idiot.”
“I have the occasional deja vu,” Cas admonished blankly. “But nothing that would hint at the culprit directly. As Sherlock and John told you, I talked with the being for a short period of time, but they came to me, and cannot be summoned by means known to us.”
“How about we change the topic?” she offered, John nodding impulsively. Better do that. “Let’s not bring up old wounds and mishaps, alright?”
John looked to his mom for some idea of sorts, anything, but she apologetically shrugged and kept on eating.
The shower was a short affair, quick and efficient, leaving him feeling breezy and refreshed. His skin cooled enough not to be bothered by the August night temperature, but the illusion would be gone in a couple of minutes. Greg dried himself, dressed in his sweaty clothes, his nose scrunching up in disgust. He should keep spare shorts and t-shirts in here.... No, that would only create difficulty sneaking out the laundry.
“Alright, stalker. What did you think of my conmanship? I have to admit, this job isn’t as bad as I thought it would be. It’s pretty fun to make shit up as you go.”
Yet despite his unnecessary guilt, his rational mind acknowledged how toxic his parents were, always living their dreams through him. He was the older sibling, he was supposed to take care of them when they were old and of Harry when she was too young to look after herself. But throughout the years of what he now recognised as emotional manipulation, he grew to loathe it, and to a certain extent his parents too. Should he feel bad about it? Again, the logical part of his brain told him:
“Have at thee, then,” Irene prompted, and Mike took a baseball from the stall owner, a forty-something bloke with receding hairline and beer belly. He disappeared on the side to allow Mike a full view of the bottle-pyramids constructed for customers to aim at.
Janine snatched the microphone from her, laughing incredulously and pointing at the crowd. “Look, no one here can match my grace or prowess. Honestly, you think someone like that boy stuffing his cheeks with chips has more talent than me? I took classes for dancing and singing since I was three, I’m better than you regulars. I deserve the crown.”
Mary hummed, sagging in the passenger’s seat as Vivien walked up to Greg Lestrade. She turned on her earpiece to catch the conversation between them.
“Ah.” Greg seemed to have bought it. “Can you let me know where you are the next time you skedaddle off?”
“Maybe you have an x-ray vision for the divine,” she suggested, getting an eye roll from Sherlock and a confused look from Castiel. “What? None of us are wise in this.”
I had an English teacher in elementary school who transferred there just after I finished the books and was re-readinf it for a third time, and turns out - SHE TRANSLATED THEM! I was so hype, guys, I learned English in like, a year from that point on. Thanks to her, you have me here!
John arched his eyebrow at him very seriously while taking Sherlock’s face in his hands. Warm, tender, loving hands. “Dear Sherlock Holmes,” he declared in a half-exasperated voice, “that was the
Jesus, how he hated this. And the worst thing was that it wasn’t even started by him. He was merely dragged into this mess when he was a teenager himself. His whole life was haunted, wasn’t it?
Where did they even meet him? Unimportant since they brought him in the house, but a detail nonetheless. What mattered was that Castiel wasn’t a demon, since he didn’t get caught in any of the hidden devil traps and its variations scattered across the house in invisible ink. He ate just fine touching silverware, and salt caused nothing. Greg ran other small tests to try and pinpoint him, but so far Cas seemed okay. Good for him, Greg would hate to unpack his gear, and by that he meant
“Oh wow,” she commented, and Cas looked at her, a faint smile at his lips. “Can you ever… unmask them?”
“You’re both lunatics,” Sherlock muttered, crouching to pick up a doll that reminded him of the Disney Princess Cinderella. He walked up to Irene, who had her back turned to him. He held the doll up, stifling a laugh and said, “Doesn’t this remind you of someone?”
She put the pen down and stared at the out-of-season drapes on her windows before going to lie on her bed. This was indeed not over, oh no. She only just got started. If Adler thought she was petty, then she didn’t know Mary very well. But that’s alright, she’ll learn where her place is sooner or later. She needed a nudge in the right direction, is all. Preferably in that of stakes, swords, or other deadly means.
“It’s in the bush next to the stairs,” Kate said, and Jake carefully ran over to the other side to dive in the bush.
“We met at this abandoned pond not too far from here,” she explained. Lestrade looked again at Sherlock, who shrugged and stayed silent. Irene squeezed her date’s arm and oohed, “Squishy! Good for cuddling.”
Sherlock decided to leave the journal at the Shack. There would be not much use of it tonight. And he almost memorised every page using his Mind Palace, and it’s not like he needed it urgently. The three of them sat in the backseats of Mrs Hudson’s red pickup truck, the step-siblings occupying the window seats, John in the middle.
“He should just bite him in the ass,” Greg commented, taking a sip from his soda can. Irene grunted an agreement, too busy stuffing her face with the greasy, fried potato bits. Then the ads cut in. They both groaned, but neither bothered to get up, grab the remote, and change the channel. They blankly stared at the brand new HD TV that Greg had bought, an advertisement about horse hooves’ polisher killing the last of their active brain cells. The bell rang.
The news reporter, Kitty Riley, smoothed out her costume and fringe. She put on a fake, well-practised smile for the audience as she introduced the newest story on television. A muscular, tanned man accompanied her on the screen. The camera followed her flawless, professional movement smoothly as she stepped closer to the man in question. Her free hand that wasn’t holding the microphone gesticulated nonchalantly to add to her skillful credibility.
“Grace and Redbeard,” Sherlock replied, and Greg’s head snapped up, blinking. Sherlock didn’t see it, his own gaze downcast, but John noted the flicker of surprise and the firmness of his mouth.
Dean tugged at Cas’ sleeve, but the angel did not budge, and as Marina swam towards them, he didn’t do as much as flinch. Instead, the glowing light in his eyes intensified in the wake of their adversary. Irene clung to Sam, breathless, and the moment that Marina was ready to drag Cas and Dean under for the final time a bright flash of light blinded them all, followed by a yell and then silence.
“I’m not making promises,” Greg said, grunting as he stood up. “They may have microchips to keep track of them. The vet is my friend -- Lilly Hooper, she has a granddaughter your age.”
The policewoman stood up, unimpressed. She raised her hand for everyone to see… a wet piece of red jacket, slimy with seaweed. She threw it at the wood with barely contained disgust, running her hand over the fabric of her jeans.
Out of the bathroom, John dragged them into his room and shut the door with a bang. They giggled as they stumbled into John’s bed, kissing softly. John was on top, straddling Sherlock’s hips, wrists pinned above his head. The dazed expression he had on his face set off a swarm of butterflies on John’s belly, and he leaned in to kiss him once more, if urgently.
“We know,” Irene sighed, rubbing her temples. She was now done with Sherlock’s toes too (or him as a whole). She opened her ice cream and munched on it. Her period was to begin soon. A week, give or take. It was late and making her tetchy.
John stood up, tucking the chair behind the table in the process. He stole a biscuit and popped it in his mouth, motioning to the boys to follow him upstairs. “Let’s go, then. I’ll show you where you sleep.”
“Jake, have I told you that you’re invaluable to us?” Irene said, scratching his chin in earnest. His purrs reflected his happiness.
“The fee for leaving sooner than before ten is thirty-five bucks,” John said, crossing his arms. Both young boys were shorter than him and their arms were thinner than spaghetti. Fuck fifteen dollars, he’d scam the whole town for this.
Greg picked Redbeard up as Irene and Sherlock bickered about dog outfits and what colour would suit Grace if she were to wear a bow. John and Grace walked behind them, her limp slowing her down, but she kept up just fine. Once they got back to Greg’s car, he handed Redbeard to Sherlock who dived in first, followed by Grace whom John had to lift and put on the backseat since she couldn’t manage to jump on her own. John closed the door behind him and maneuvered himself so that Grace ended up sitting by the window, his side pressing to Sherlock’s in the middle. Redbeard splayed out over both their legs, biting at John’s fingers.
), Sherlock wouldn’t have it any other way. Sure, he lied. But if all it cost was becoming the guardian of two lovely canines, then he cannot possibly be mad. And he won’t give them away, ever.
John tuned her out for most of the show. Despite the no-hard-feelings he had, he still felt a bit queasy, seeing her back in the Falls. He did not want to put up with his past right now, not when things were good for once.
“We’ll take care of it,” Sherlock chimed in to aid John, winking at him before fixing Greg with a determined glare. “We’re adults, and John has known this excuse of a house since his childhood. Irene has keen entrepreneurship abilities which, combined with John’s charms, my brains, and Kate’s sweet-talking, will be enough to keep up your good scammery during your absence. The Mystery Shack will be fine, Lestrade. If it didn’t fall until today, then I highly doubt it will collapse once you’re halfway to Florida.”
Days passed, the heat wave returning ever so slightly. John quietly tended to his new acquired hobby in the living room (he borrowed an easel from Mrs. Hudson, but who knows where she had gotten it from?) and Sherlock experimented behind the kitchen table. But this comfortable silence didn’t last long. Even though Sherlock appreciated the fact that John got him something to focus on, there were periods of time where he had to wait for his experiments and that was duller than Anderson’s skull.
“I bet I could solve it,” Sherlock said, and Mycroft could practically hear the cogs turning in his head. Oh boy.
Sherlock was wrong in his assumption that Hogwarts is safe. It wasn’t anymore, not with lunatics like relatives of Death Eaters (or Death Eaters who avoided persecution) brainwashing their children, creating factions within a wizarding minority that pure-blooded wizards had special privileges.
John’s jaw slacked tighter. He knew children could be cruel. But for some reason, he couldn’t -- didn’t want to -- picture Sherlock getting bullied. He went through something similar, the only difference being that he was shushed by his family. But Sherlock? No wonder he was so shy at first.
“Good. Because if any of these bastards try to get you, they’ll have to go through me and Mrs Hudson.”
“Enough to know to never prank call the neighbours here!” Sherlock flashed him a toothy grin as he turned on the balls of his feet and rushed outside, trying to catch signal. The weather didn’t help, and neither did the pine trees. Sodding Oregon, how was he supposed to find his boyfriend? But chubby cheeks… he had to find the pictures. Lestrade ought to have pictures of John as a kid, no? He filed it away for later.
“Twenty-second September,” John beat his grunkle to it. Greg nodded, sighing exasperatedly. “Hey, I’m just joking old man. Grey hair actually suits you. You should dye it to silver-white. Besides, I remember the date and I’ll smother you with gifts this year.”
“Snape?!” John croaked, his almost-explanation turning into muffled tones when Sherlock’s hand shot up to cover his mouth. Sherlock crowded them into a dark corner, John glaring unspoken spells at him. He muffled another sound, but Sherlock shook his head, instead looking over his shoulder to make sure they were alone.
A lil' disclaimer: I absolutely love goths, anything regarding goths in this chapter isn't supposed to sound offensive or bad, just a tad silly for entertainment purposes, I love their aesthetic :3 and so does Sherlock!
“I’ll tell you at home,” John said into the fabric of Sherlock’s hoodie. His head tilted, and he nuzzled into Sherlock’s neck. They swayed backwards, and he had to do a weird tap dance to prevent them from falling over. “But we solved a case, if you can call it that.”
Irene looked over her shoulder, her neat ponytail a mess, her hair blowing into every direction as the speed-evoken breeze hit their faces in this hot summer afternoon. “It’s getting closer!” she yelled so that they could hear her.
He didn’t have to feel like that for long, though. In the second to last carriage, he and Greg came to see people from about every other compartment stick their heads out to get a better look at a fight. A fight in which Sherlock Holmes figured himself.
Do they know? Did Sherlock wonder about this? True, there was not enough time to browse the journal since they exhausted it of any explanations for Cas’ state, but still. He had to ask.
“You’re sure everything’s fine?” John asked, scanning Sherlock’s face. “I heard you and Irene having a brawl. I mean, I don’t mean to pry, but she seemed a little pissed off when she left for her date? When did she even get a date?”
in the museum? Where the fuck did Greg get one? And why is he asking himself pointless questions when the maniac doll is swinging it at Sherlock?!
She let her mind wander as she passively observed the three timey wimey gits try to come up with a solution to her dilemma. The murmured and whispered and then exclaimed nonsense Irene didn’t quite catch nor did she understand it. Math, physics, or anything even remotely scientific wasn’t her cup of tea. Secondary school through sixth form science classes had been a nightmare for her. Sherlock excelled in them and often tutored her before major tests neared their deadline, but she never inclined towards any of these subjects. Even simple terms like ‘mathematics’ made her dizzy and her brain shut off and changed to autopilot to endure such conversations. She just… couldn’t attune herself to this.
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s anyone’s guesswork. Let me look in the journal again.” He dug in the backpack until he got the leatherbound book. “There’s no hypothesis here as to why, either. The author may have not spent much time at the sanctuary.”
“FUCK YES! YOU TELL HER JUSTINKOPNIK!” Greg sobbed, cheering the king on as he dramatically left his mother speechless in the lone room. Greg actually teared up. “I am so fucking proud of my boy! He came so far!”
, he told himself. “I always liked crimes. Mummy let me watch courtrooms and similar forensics-oriented stuff, you know. It stuck. And then I realised most pop culture TV shows are overrated and idiotically inaccurate, for the most part. So, I want to do the job properly. I uhm, I practise deductions, sometimes. Like I deduced you being a med student, though you have to admit that was fairly easy even before Mrs Hudson put you on a pedestal on that dinner. Additionally, I started practising the Mind Palace technique we found in the journal - It’s interesting, it allows you to memorise information quickly with enough practice, which I can imagine will come in handy in the profession.”
He looked up from the journal to see the three men staring at him. John’s face was neutral, but he had a supportive gleam in his eyes, Sam looked thoughtful (but the corners of his lips tilted up), and Dean seemed mildly,
Irene wordlessly took the jelly worms, tearing them in half using her teeth. She chewed slowly, distractedly. John gave her space for breathing; he knew that a bit of silence went a long way in situations like this. He certainly appreciated it instead of being hounded for useless responses….
Amanda Lively, a Hufflepuff girl whom Blake recognised as one of the few girls that asked for his autograph for some reason, hung her head low and muttered an agreement.
“Thank you for your very important, yet absolutely uncalled for insight, Irene,” Sherlock said dully. Irene glared daggers at him, but before any real knives could be thrown, Mrs Hudson and Angelo appeared -- with food! Angelo greeted John and the Adler-Holmes siblings warmly, his cheery demeanor infectious. He was indeed busy and needed to get back to work, winking at John as he turned to leave.
when you’re passing out and surviving on coffee,” John scoffed at him. “Please, Greg. You’re my family and I care about you.”
“I have a suspicion that the Mystery Shack attracts all kinds of chaos when Lestrade isn’t here, ironically,” he said, stepping aside when the goat decided that the living room was boring. It trotted towards John, whose brows furrowed as he considered the intruder.
The rest of the ride was silent until Greg woke up, chatting with John about his plans for the holidays. Minutes later, Carl and Jim joined too,yawning and stretching their limbs. Sherlock didn’t participate unless John or Greg prompted him to; Carl was still weary of him after his deduction at the library, even though Jim seemed to be long past that.
Barbie looked at her lifelessly, a paralysed smile firmly in place. She was sticking to her job till her last breaths.
“With all due respect, I keep repeating I didn’t steal any of the ingredients and nobody believes me!”
Now there’s a hitch. Sherlock frowned at his toes, focusing on wiggling them, but it took a lot of effort. But the more he tried, the better he got at it, and in a minute he even managed to bend his knees. Huh. It felt shaky, but manageable. John helped him put his legs over the bed and placed his feet on the ground.
As surreptitiously as a girl might, Irene tumbled over to the gaping hole leading under the porch and slithered in in all her grace. She wiggled forward using her elbows and knees, same as when she took on an obstacle course during a scout camping trip several years ago. She found the entrance to Jake’s hideout quickly, and hopped in with practised ease.
“We know,” John smiled, patting her on the shoulder, wheezing for breath. She let go of them, her brother rubbing the sore side of his neck.
“No we’re not,” Sherlock got up and threw Redbeard the hotdog. He cradled fingers through the boy’s sandy blond hair to arrange it into a neat wave. “You look almost the same, just a little thinner.”
The moment the dungeon class doors slammed shut with a bang and a tall man dressed in black swooshed across the room in front of the chalkboard, he suddenly believed Carl. Snape’s black robes fluttered behind him in the small whirlwind that he made with his frantic movements, leaving the Second Years positively stunned.
“I’m fine. I don’t want to listen to why she’s wrong right now, though,” she said, turning around, getting lost in the crowd, in the
As a response, Kate, Sarah, and Eddie cheered loudly, jumping on their respective seats. Mike sighed and turned the engine on, the car bouncing on the road. As they exited the Mystery Shack property, John saw Greg’s car passing by. Cursing himself, he drew out his phone and texted him their whereabouts in case he worried (which he would).
“I’m not. But you’ve got to admit that this trip was utterly worthless. Waste of time. Waste of oxygen. And energy. Do you know how much carbon dioxide we’ve released into the atmosphere due to that car ride? Or how much ATP our metabolism had used up?”
And with that, Irene graciously turned her back to them, draped a thin blanket over her legs, and switched her lamp off, promptly falling asleep. John chuckled and scrambled to his feet. They were dismissed. And he didn’t want to test Irene’s temper while she had cramps. He’d given her a pill for the pain, so it should have started working.
“I know them,” John said, hand wavering near the doorknob of the gist of the shop. “I sometimes hang out with them during summer. They’re cool. Let me introduce you?”
Irene had to take a moment to process the new information. “Jesus Christ,” she winced, the name of her slurpee nemesis being the first thing that could expertly express her emotions. “Molly? Bullied? But she’s… she’s literally the sweetest human ever!”
Dumbledore’s mouth twitched into another smile. He nodded thoughtfully, leaning into his chair. “Indeed, but at the same time, it isn’t only our innate qualities that decide our placement.”
“Bastard,” he said, fondly, barely resisting the urge to pet his messy hair. At the sight of Sherlock being this dishevelled, his stomach fluttered. “I don’t want you to get hurt, is all. I’ll get you an ice pack and ibuprofen, that should help ease the pain. Fortunately it seems like you didn’t break anything, but if the pain stays I’ll take you to the local ward for a checkup.”
“How spicy?” Sherlock asked, the tip of his forefinger tracing printed letters laminated under a shiny layer of plastic.
. He’d almost forget what with the Mycroft fiasco and late-night studying for the year’s last essays and tests. That cheered Sherlock up a little - he’d sniff out every viable book on the subject in their family library at home, mark his words.
Feeling rejuvenated, he stretched like a cat until his muscles screamed with pleasure. He dressed into his usual shirt and black trousers, rolling up the sleeves. It was supposed to be above thirty degrees celsius today. (Well, the prediction was in fahrenheit, but he hated it and had a regular weather app, like a
Grace came in to sniff what’s going on. He hasn’t put the dogs in the kitchen yet, leaving Redbeard to play with his hotdog toy and Grace to snooze under the coffee table. He petted her soft head, the dog licking his finger, whimpering quietly. Has she sensed his suppressed distress?
“So what do we do now?” Hirsch asked, honestly curious and he hugged both Irene and John around the shoulders. He smelled of chocolate, but not the good kind -- more like that stale chocolate you get from a great-aunt at an annual family meeting that she kept stashed in her purse and forgot about it, and now wanted to get rid of it somehow.
“Perhaps, but you also said it’s going to get better from the second book onwards,” Sherlock argued, waving the paperback in John’s direction. “I’m no quitter. Don’t dare challenge me.”
John mirrored Sherlock on the other side of one such rack; they gripped the pole and wriggled it to loosen it a trifle. The talking on the other side subsided upon hearing the audible exertion both boys exhaled with each movement. With a last grunt they loosened the last rack from where it was stuck and John tossed it aside. Sherlock pulled the doors back to let the group in.
,” John replied, biting at the words. Not wanting to be snarky at an unknown hour, he shook his head, regretting it immediately as it sent his sense of balance out of the window and the world around him spun. “Wait, how do you know I’m --”
"I can make your time with Sherlock worthy," the older Holmes brother continued. "I am willing to pay you in turn for information on what Sherlock is up to. He is quite secretive, and that lands him detentions easily. I hope to keep him out of it if possible."
He led them to the kitchen where Irene miracuously cleaned up the table and managed to get Cas to help her. All in the span of the two minutes it took John to invite Sam and Dean inside. Cas stood by the kitchen counter, and his shirt looked tidier while his hair had a spark of ‘coordinated mess’ to it.
“Does this mean that there are paintings of Salazar Slytherin and Gryffindor too?” Sherlock asked, eyes scanning the room. He paced up and down, touching things he probably shouldn’t and peeking into boxes that could contain something deadly, but Rowena and Helga seemed nonpetrubed. “Why wouldn’t you be in the Headmaster’s office?”
Irene chuckled. “You’re taking it a bit too far, but yeah. I get your point. But Greg can still protest. What if he says they can’t stay at the Shack and he calls Animal Control or a local shelter?”
“What’s the plan now?” Sherlock asked. He brushed John’s ribs, thumbing the looser fabric around his torso. The physical change they experienced wasn’t drastic. Sherlock had stopped growing at around seventeen when he reached his current status, so he hasn’t shrunk that noticeably. John’s height didn’t change at all, but his muscle build was leaner, though he was nowhere near as lanky as Sherlock.
. Why do you care about me? John is none of your concern. Besides, what is the Club to me now that he didn’t fall in love with me first thing as was promised? I have to do everything myself!”
“Freddie is fine,” the ghoul waved dismissively, coming closer to the edge of the podium. The way he held onto the microphone stand reminded Sherlock of wizards… maybe he was, fuck if he knew at this point.
Greg was sitting in his cushiony spinning chair, feet up on his desk that was covered in papers and envelopes, his head resting on the backrest, mouth hanging open. John snorted at the snoring sounds that escaped his grunkle’s chest, walking over to the desk and making space for the mug of coffee. The ruffling of papers woke Greg up, and the man sat up, startled and squinting at the intruder.
That seemed to have sold the idea to the gathered party-goers, for all but a few shouted encouragingly, slowly leaving the Shack to relocate to the Lake. No hesitation. Soon there were only a handful of people hanging around: Mike, Eddie, Billy (who appeared out of nowhere with Freddie -- of whom Irene was still in awe of since she missed the part of their theatre night when she was suffering slurpee-induced Bible hallucinations), Greg, Kate, Mrs Hudson, Greg, Violet, and Molly. Oh, and also John, who went to shut the doors closed, frowning.
Sherlock opened his mouth to defend himself, ready to deliver a cutting observation about some of their sexual preferences (this wasn’t on Lestrade’s property), but Sally Donovan beat him to it. “Both of you -- shut up. He has a point, and neither of you starting a fight over it will help you.
a dog in the pictures. Hideous, well, that’s questionable, more like roughened up, but he could see what it was about. But it wasn’t an invisible dog, no. It was a hellhound. He could see it clearly. So what, demons were branching out on social media too? Huh, why was he surprised? They’re better at keeping up with modern trends than angels are. This Crowley, the owner… could either be a nickname, or he had two possible demons he could link this to.
“Depends what you call dreadful,” John said, squaring his shoulders. He took a steadying breath. Whatever Greg had expected was swept under the rug by John’s straightforwardness. “Greg, I need dating advice. Where should I take Sherlock on our first date?”
“My dear boy,” Trelawney had sobbed into the crease of her elbow dramatically, “I’m afraid you have the omen of death!” Half the class had gasped at the proclamation. John observed what was happening silently, not wanting to get sentenced to death himself.
Dean put her back in bed. “It means she can’t be moved, Princess. Cas tries to use big words to sound smart.”
The two men came into the kitchen like the teenagers did a while ago, still arguing. They heard plastic bags shuffle as one of the men slammed the groceries onto the table there, using it as a way of letting the steam out.
The room was dark except for the luminescent fairy lights hung up over four poster’s frame. The headboard was handmade by a man who excelled in his work, someone who owed Mary a favour some time ago.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Why doesn’t he go to the changing room to have a look at his current trousers?” John facepalmed. Sherlock patted his lower back and kissed his temple. “It’s too hot to think, I know. I’ll go and tell Castiel.”
“Why’d they abandon the building?” John asked, sitting down as well. Sherlock leaned on the backrest of another row.
“So, you’ve met Sherlock,” he had said, his face blank but a sly smirk began creeping up on his features.
“How can I trust you?” Sherlock said, putting up a hand to stop the mirror’s excited rambling. “I’ve had the honour of meeting a number of enchanted and mystical beings and items, where’s my proof that you’re being truthful?”
Truth be told, he didn’t plan for neither John nor Irene to find out he sustained an injury. The last thing he needed was Mummy calling him and asking whether he was alright or fussing. But his plans were in shambles the moment those sodding shampoo bottles fell and John stormed in like a soldier about to save him from deadly danger. He was pretty flushed as soon as he realised that there existed a possibility of Sherlock being less than clothed - that much was obvious from the horrified look on John’s face, but then he saw the forming bruise and went into full doctor mode.
