Dean’s shoulders sink further.  “Yeah that’s… that’s a good idea.”
He isn’t delirious right now.  Castiel needs him to be clear headed to get him into the saddle.  What he doesn’t need is an argument.  “You’ll only slow things down a little, and probably hurt yourself in the process,” he says with a shrug.  “If I have to drag you onto that horse with a rope, I’ll do it.”  He fixes Dean with a glare.  “And if I have to tie you to the saddle, I’ll do that too.  One way or another, you’re coming with me.”
“Yeah, but…”
Castiel finds himself speaking.
Especially since Dean obviously has a nerd crush on said android.
He nods thoughtfully, and then pushes a button to start the machine.  Leaning a hip against it, he signs as he speaks.  “Bobby at the motel mentioned rock climbing too.”
The question appears to surprise Castiel as much as it does Dean.  “Uh, it’s been a while.”
changes to his programming, and since it’s a function of his security systems he assumes he was programmed to react this way for a reason.  For now, he will heed the alarms and ignore the error logs.  Other than the fact that his interrupted sleep cycles make charging his battery take longer, he’s functioning properly and there’s no need to take direct action.
“So you’re telling me that the giant sex toy managed to take down a gen-one vamp, without taking a single scratch?”
Dean hums and stretches a little before settling more firmly against Castiel’s chest.  “For what?”
Dean grins into the darkness and makes his way to the high spot he’d seen Cas use to keep watch.  It’s a good vantage point, and he’s impressed that Cas found it.  Once he’s settled in, he finds it hard to concentrate though.  His thoughts keep returning to the grumpy Pinkerton curled up asleep below him.
Even though his Spanish is still spotty, that is a word he understands.
It’s not like a t-shirt and some Ninja Turtle patterned sleep pants are indecent, or anything.
His brother looks just as worn down, and the slashes on his face are sealed over but still red and swollen.  And by the way he’s eying the fridge, Sam assumes he’s also ravenous.
“Oh.  I see.”
Dean broke that promise.  Again and again, even when Sam asked, begged him to do it.  Sammy has been his responsibility since he was barely more than a baby himself.  And he took it far more seriously than John probably meant for him to.
He was in Rome when the letter arrived about his brother’s fate.  Even though he left immediately, it took weeks for Castiel to reach Denver.
A laugh bubbles up in Castiel’s throat.  He presses the heel of his hand against the base of his dick and rubs upward.  “Well you’ll have to settle for listening to me jack off for now.”
He can see Dean’s pout from the corner of his eye, but he ignores it.  Sam’s got the moral high ground here, and he’s not giving an inch over a fucking robot.
The demon grabs Castiel’s hair, jerking his head back so hard, that he thinks his neck might snap.  “Puto!” he spits out, splattering more blood over Castiel’s cheek.  “I will make sure you live to suffer for a very long time.”
Guilt for running away assaults him as the hospital comes into sight.  He hadn’t even said goodbye when he left.  What if the last time he’d seen his father was when Castiel had been in the hospital, shaking and sick from withdrawal?  The thought makes him nauseous.
Castiel chuckles at the idea that a bigger motel room counts as royal treatment.  When he’d asked Bobby if he knew of any places for rent, he had not been surprised to learn that a small town like Purgatory isn’t exactly bursting with available real estate.  He’d been dismayed to learn that he might have to look for lodgings in the “nearby” town of Crossroads, especially when he learned that it’s about half an hour away.
His whole body jolts with the power of Sam’s hearty clap against his back.  “Good for you, man.”
“I would think as a Pinkerton, you’d have more sense on what to wear for a trip like this.”
But then he remembers his brother.  And little Magda, and all of the victims of Alistair’s cruelty he’d seen on the way to Mexico.
Bobby, not the one from the apocalypse world who became a good friend, but was never the father figure Dean relied on most in his life.  It’s just as gruff as he remembers it, and there’s an edgy grumpiness underlying everything he says, though his eyes are soft with the light of peace and joy.
Dean doesn’t seem to notice, instead guiding him into the tiled corner of the room that functions as the shower.  “Check the water temperature and tell me if it’s okay.”
“I came to Boston to help.  This is helping.” It’s also only half the reason he’s here, but he’s not going to admit that he’s avoiding going into the office while Hannah is there.  He turns his attention to his father, knowing that Michael will resent being treated like an invalid and having people talking about him like he’s not present.  “Have you already been discharged?”
Yeah, so FLH is 112k, and this chapter puts MitW at 113k, and there's like.... 3 or 4 chapters left.  What I'm learning from this experience is that my longficitis gets worse every year lol XD
“I’m a little tired.” Cas lifts his head and smiles weakly.  “And I stink.”
Castiel made him angry, made him laugh.  For a small place in time, he’d made Dean feel alive again.
A glance around reveals that the answer to that question is probably yes.  There are already people staring at him while they whisper together.  Rachel’s stories always did spread like wildfire.
Goosebumps rise up over Castiel’s skin, even as he feels like he’s burning up from the inside.  Does Dean dream of him?  Are they anywhere near as wicked as Castiel’s own?
Dean can’t see Castiel’s features clearly behind the goggles and gas mask, but he’s sure it mirrors his own wide-eyed shock.  After a heartbeat, they drop the three-legged table they were trying to hoist, and scramble towards Sam.
“Hnnn, ‘s nice,” Dean slurs.
There’s a crowd around the bar that he’s trying to decide if he wants to push through, or give them time to clear off on their own.
A head pops into view through the serving window, and Benny gives Dean a lazy salute.  “Hey, brother,” he greets warmly.  “It’ll be ready in a few minutes.”
In the few memories Castiel has of his clientele, their actions toward him and reactions to him have never equated to a need for
“That should do it,” Chuck says, and the hologram shifts fully back to pale blue.  “It’s accessible with your admin password plus my last name with the first letter capitalized, so you can’t get into it accidentally.”
Ellie’s voice pulls him back to the present.  “He was the gentlest, kindest young man I had ever known.  He was so good with animals, they know they can trust him.  And you have seen how he is with the children.  Any woman would be infatuated.  He’s always been like that.” She shakes her head, and adds softly, “And yet there has always been a sadness inside him.”
during several years of therapy, but the dreams?  It’s easier to not examine them too closely.  He already digs deeper into his own psyche in therapy than he wants to, and a guy’s gotta be able to keep some walls up for his own sanity, right?
She still sighs dramatically at his denial though.  “Oh well, it’s probably better that I don’t fill Moondor and Oz with sentient NPCs.”
Inside his chest, Dean’s heart stops.  And then it kicks into overdrive, and the sudden rush of adrenaline to his system makes his vision sharpen even as his hearing is temporarily overtaken by static.  It takes a lifetime for it to clear so he can hear the rest of what Castiel is saying.
Dean is silent for so long that Castiel isn’t sure he’ll get an answer.  Which would be alright, because Castiel doesn’t need an answer as much as he needs Dean’s contented presence at his side.  But after a few minutes Dean speaks, his voice low and devoid of inflection.  “It’s the injury that got me discharged from the military.”
All he can think is
His body has forgotten every hint of discomfort in favor of focusing on the deliciously firm body underneath him. If he doesn’t get up soon then Dean’s going to figure out just how good he’s feeling at the moment.  “I’ll live.  Are
Castiel stares at Alfie’s still body.  In the edges of his vision he sees Black Eyes uncoiling a long, lethal bull whip.  He swallows convulsively, and keeps his eyes on the boy who didn’t deserve to be up here on the mountain with these cruel men.  These
Dean is on his feet and coming around the fire.  When Castiel shifts to watch him, he snaps “Dammit, I said don’t move!”
The last thing he needs to do is be a dick and give her a bad impression of him.  Especially if she’s still on good terms with Castiel’s parents.  He doesn’t know Hannah, and doesn’t trust her not to carry exaggerated tales of brutish behavior back to them.
Castiel steps closer to the Appaloosa.  When she catches his scent, her head jerks around and she considers him with wide, dark eyes.  Castiel feels like she’s judging his worth, and he finds himself hoping for her approval.  Knowing that he should be cautious, but calm so that she doesn’t catch any fear in his demeanor, he holds out a hand.  He doesn’t make contact though, letting her decide whether she wants it or not.
Dean and Sam both look at Castiel for a long moment.  An AI is rare, but one with a sense of humor seems like a mythical creature, but Dean has the feeling that Castiel is completely serious.
A realization makes him stumble over nothing, and he braces himself with a hand against the cabin’s outer wall.  The wood is smooth and cool under his palm, and it grounds him his spinning thoughts grind to a halt, settling on a single fact.
“Thank you,” he says, glad that his voice doesn’t waver.
“Free real estate,” Sam responds dryly as he pans his flashlight beam across the faded street signs that have somehow survived scavengers.  “The lack of neighbors to complain about the strange smells probably also factor in.”
His body convulses again.  And then, like a puppet with cut strings, he collapses into the mud before Dean.
“Dean.”
Castiel thinks with a sly smile.  “Do you feel taken care of?”
Dean’s already looking, and he swallows convulsively.  Castiel’s cock stands out from a nest of neatly trimmed black hair, and Dean knows exactly what he’s asking.  Castiel isn’t as long as Dean, but he’s still big.  Thick in a way that has made Dean’s jaw ache when it’s been in his mouth.
“Come inside of me,” Castiel responds, because he enjoys the way Dean’s already wrecked countenance twists even further with pleasure.
Now that he’s alone with Alistair, Castiel almost wishes he’d been left alone with Black Eyes instead.  The idea of horrifying pain and torture seems like a welcome alternative to whatever Alistair might have in store for him.
When he looks back at Castiel, he finds the android staring at Dean.  It’s not clear whether he’s curious or concerned, but his attention is sharply focused.  Literally if the movements of his irises mean anything.  But Castiel’s attention cuts back to Sam immediately when he speaks.  “Yeah, Castiel, coffee would be nice.”
“I’m going to shower.  Alone.”  And Castiel spins on a heel and strides toward the gym’s exit.
Despite the simplicity of his outfit, he looks damn good.  And Dean feels better about his own clothing choices of jeans and a dark red button down shirt.  Jo’s teasing and prodding must have affected him more than he’d realized, because he’d given serious thought to some of her suggestions of nicer clothing before settling on something nice but comfortable.
Holding up the syringe where Dean can see it, Max says “I know you’ve already taken something, and if you just want us to sit here and make sure you’re okay, I’m totally cool with that.  But I’ve got something here that might help you relax.  May I give it to you?”
Castiel smiles at the eager agent.  He remembers looking forward to being given more complex cases as well, and he’d been thrilled when he was no longer constricted to chasing footmen that wealthy ladies suspected of lifting jewelry from family safes.
He finds his boyfriend in his bedroom, the only room in the place that’s free of clutter and clean enough to look like a normally functioning human lives there.  There’s a pile of laundry in the corner, and an empty glass and plate on the bedside table, and the bed is rumpled and unmade, but there’s nothing else stacked on available surfaces, and the floor is clear.
“Now hold on!” Samuel grits out angrily.  He grabs Dean’s wrist, and gives Castiel a fierce look to rival his brother’s.  “I need to talk to my brother for a moment please.”
Could he get to the gun in time?
A genuine Angel Industries android, first edition sex bot.  He’d even used the term
Only God knows where he is, let alone whether he can find his way back through the mountains if he manages to escape.  And winter is fast closing in.  It had snowed as they’d ridden deeper into the mountains.  For now it has stopped, but the air carries the familiar cold bite of more snow to come.  Soon enough there will be too much snow for any of them to leave.
Looking back and forth between the brothers, Castiel searches for any sign of illness or injury and finds none.  They’re both grinning at him, as if they approve of this whole misunderstanding.
Firelight plays across the planes and angles of Dean’s face.  He’d stopped playing, his harmonica wrapped loosely in one hand, as he stares into the flames.  Lost in thought, his face is relaxed, his usual mask over his emotions set aside for the moment.  There are faint lines of fatigue around his eyes, and around the slight downturn of his lips, revealing that the pace he’d set is just as grueling for him as it is for Castiel.
Castiel doesn’t believe the threat, but he hurries out of the tub anyway.  With the towel wrapped around his hips in case Dean comes storming back in for any reason, he crouches down and examines the bundle Dean had left behind.
“Ah, I see,” Castiel says.  “I’m sorry, the majority of my socialization with humans doesn’t include such niceties.  I will endeavor to respond with more appropriate platitudes in the future.”
She bounces on her toes when he introduces her to the Reaper assigned to lead her to her next destination.  Only once does she look back, waving goodbye to him and to her parents who have yet to come to terms with the sudden termination of her short life.  Then she fades away, her spirit absorbed into the larger fabric of the Universe.
A bell over the door tinkles merrily as they enter, and a young woman looks up from where she’s busy setting up a display at the end of one of the aisles.  “Dean! Hi!” she says brightly when her eyes land on him.  She looks eagerly to Castiel, and her expression falls as if she were hoping to see someone else.
“Just… don’t watch.”  Dean holds his gaze firmly, willing him to understand.  “I don’t want you to be afraid.”
But then again, he would have taken his medications when he felt a migraine coming on back when they were together.  She’d never seen him go without.
Sam claps his hands together, rubbing them like a damn movie villain whose plan is going off without a hitch.  “Then it’s settled!  I’ll see you guys this afternoon.”  And then he gathers up his food, and sweeps out of the diner, practically exuding a cloud of Smug Bastard fumes.
Need.  It’s subtle, riding along every nerve ending in little sparks of restless energy.  Dean takes a deep breath to get back the control that means safety, and feels it skitter out of his grasp.
Of course he knows, but he’s discovered that riling Dean up, whether through touch or words, makes him even needier.  For Castiel.
Castiel stands, and moves to leave the room.  Before he can shut the door behind himself, he’s stopped when Dean calls after him.
Throwing her hands up in the air, she spins on a heel and heads for the fridge.  “Some friend you are!  I hope you’ve got beer.”
He leans forward.  “What was that?
“Completely.  I am all fucked out.”  Dean chuckles into his pillow.  “How ‘bout you, angel?  How you feeling?”
Silence surrounds them as the stubborn Pinkerton gives Dean a considering stare, only interrupted by the soft whisper of water bubbling over rocks and the rhythmic chomping as the horses nibble the sparse grass growing along the bank.  He doesn’t know why he’s still pushing Cas around like a greenhorn.  Cas has proven he’s capable, and a quick learner.  Despite his early reluctance to take on this hunt, Dean believes that Cas gives them a higher chance of success, and not just because he has the colt.
“I understand what you’re going through,” Castiel says gently.  The skeptical look Sam gives him makes him smile.  “I do.  I’ve been there.  Well, not rehab.  I went through detox in the hospital though.”  He doesn’t mention the overdose.  As close as he feels to Sam, he’s not ready to share that much about himself.
He’ll just have to control himself, he thinks.  And reaches for the buttons of his shirt.
The flush across Dean’s cheeks deepens, but he says nothing and quickly removes his underwear.  Electric blue briefs with a white elastic band.  Castiel admires the color for a few milliseconds before his attention returns to Dean’s body.
But on the fourth day their hard work pays off.  Castiel and Dean are digging through a pile of broken furniture together, while keeping a wary eye on the ghouls hovering nearby, when Sam’s voice crackles over their group comm.
Mindless to everything except the need that claws inside him, Castiel obeys the order.  He gasps when the hot line of Dean’s cock comes to rest against the intimate spaces that Dean had been touching before.
“So did you just call me to use up airtime?” Rowena teases after a moment.
He opens his eyes and meets his brother’s urgent gaze again.  With the barest nod, he acknowledges Sam’s words.  “Okay, Sammy.  Okay.”
“Do you know the dosage?”
Castiel swallows and shakes his head, which dislodges Dean’s touch.  He misses it instantly.  “No, but I didn’t manage to dodge your knees very well.”
“Wow.”  Gabriel slumps against Sam’s thighs, and his gaze unfocuses for a moment.  “I didn’t offer him enough money.”
And now he’s here.  In his high school gym, with his high school crush, talking like they never did when they were kids.  What a wonderful plot twist in his less than ordinary life.
anymore.
As they huddle in their hiding place among the rocks, Castiel strains his eyes to see through the darkness.  The shadows continue to play tricks on his eyes, and what sounds he’s able to catch are soft enough that he’s not sure he trusts his ears either.  Each movement could be a Skinwalker about to discover their location, each noise a signal for back up.  But he keeps close track of everything he sees and hears, trying to picture them in his mental map of the camp.
Dean tugs the strings, tightening the waistband instead of loosening it.  “Uh… about that.  I uh, I’m not at my best right now, so…”
“Not in the eyes of the church,” Cesar says with a wry smile.  “But I believe God blesses our union.  Why else would He have brought us together when we needed each other most?”
“Thank you for coming to get me,” he says after a while.  “I know that must have been hard for you.”
“What are you trying to tell me, Cas?” Dean prompts when Castiel doesn’t seem to want to continue.  “Were you asked to do something you didn’t want to do?”
Dean holds himself tightly, afraid he’ll lash out if Cas decides to pry.  The Pinkerton’s gaze is heavy on his shoulders, and the dried blood still clinging to the cracks of his knuckles and under his nails itches.  He wants to wash it away, but doing so will draw more attention to it.
Somehow he might have stumbled across a light in the wilderness.  A candle in a window, guiding him to a new home.  If he’s brave enough to follow it.
Dean opens the driver’s side door and gets in.  He’s slightly taller than Castiel, but he still has to hop slightly to get in because it’s jacked so high.  “Yeah, you know,” he says when Castiel opens the passenger door.  “I take it out into the rocks and see what I can make it climb.”
those eyes.
Except for Alfie.
Castiel casts Sam a considering look.  “Is it?”
Castiel’s eyes go wide, even as Dean turns to him with a matching expression of horror.  “Dean…”
“Out with some of the vaqueros mending fences,” Cesar says.  He claps Sam on the shoulder and pulls him in to a hug, now that he has the opportunity.  “He’ll be home soon, and will be glad to see you both, I’m sure.”
Sam laughs.  “I think you’ll get used to it eventually.”
Dean responds like a man dying of starvation, and only Cas can satisfy his hunger.  His hands move without conscious thought, learning and memorizing every hard plane and curve, every supple muscle within reach.  His hands trace the shape of Cas’ back, following the curve of his spine to the firm roundness of his backside.
The whole time, Dean stares at Castiel.  “I’m sorry,” he says roughly.  “I can’t get out of my own head.”
If looks were bullets, there would probably be a bloody hole between Castiel’s shoulder blades.  He can almost feel the heat of Dean’s ire, and as a small form of revenge for the torture Dean has put him through for the last few days, he reaches down and adjusts the gunbelt wrapped around his hips.
And on the occasion of someone’s betrothal…
“Sammy!” Dean yells as he raises his machete and breaks into a run in Cas’ direction.  “Undead!”
Castiel’s frown smooths away, replaced by a crooked smile.  “Well then, I too, am a stubborn bastard.  I would not have allowed you to fend for yourself in that condition.” He moves back into Dean’s personal space, close enough that they have to tilt their heads to keep looking at each other, and  Castiel's dress brushes Dean's shins.  “No matter how much of a stubborn bastard you tried to be about it.”
Keeping his eyes on his eyes as he ties off the splint, Dean is fascinated with the fact that his fingers remain so steady even though he feels completely shaken to his core.  Between the panic attack hovering at the edges of his consciousness and the soul crushing worry for his brother, he feels like his fingers should be trembling at the very least.  But he’s holding it together because he has to.  For Sam.
“I don’t know how you can stand to let him leave you behind,” Castiel admits quietly.
And there would be heat.  Dean has a feeling that Cas is capable of the kind of passion that would brand him, leaving him with the memory of his touch for the rest of his life.
By some miracle Cas stays sound asleep as Dean carefully sets him on the bed.
At least Sam isn’t around to turn his nose up, and Castiel probably doesn’t give a shit what he smells like.  If he can even process smells.  Dean has no idea why an android would even need that ability.
Of course Dean knows him really well, and sends another quick message.
Dean is at his side in an instant, checking Castiel for real injuries.  “Jesus fucking Christ, Sam,” he barks.  “Are you trying to send him into shock?”
Dean Winchester, a size queen?  Maybe.  The truth is that even in the limited light on the shore he’d seen that Castiel has a pretty cock, and he can tell by the way it fits in his hand that it would give him exactly the kind of aching stretch that he likes.
Castiel stares into the inferno of Dean’s rage.
Castiel nods his understanding.  “Yes.  Jimmy.”  Now that he’s able to to ask his questions, he can’t prioritize them.  They’re all assigned equal importance, but he decides to take inspiration from Jimmy.  “Did you name me ‘Castiel’?”
Ditto.  And Dean’s going to tell him that eventually, but he’s got other priorities right now.
“Alright alright, yuck it up you tweens,” Dean says, rolling his eyes fondly.
“She’ll recover,” he says gently.  When Dean scoffs, he adds “you did.”
Ellie shoos him out of the kitchen, and he saunters slowly across the yard.  He’d waited to talk to her until everyone had left the house because he didn’t want to embarass Amara by bringing up her behavior in front of witnesses.  If she were an adult, he would have said nothing, but despite Castiel’s assertion that she’s a woman, he still thinks of her as a child. Which is why he’d approached Ellie to talk to her about what happened.
“I’m wearing pants, but I can fix that.”
Castiel’s head whips down and he stares at Sam.  “What?  No, I…”  He doesn’t want to talk about Dean, so he sidesteps the issue.  “I’m sorry you won’t be coming with us.”
Replace one of those words, and it’d be exactly everything Dean really wants.
Just after seven o’clock Castiel rouses the deputy at the jailhouse and asks for Winchester to be released.  He waits impatiently, trying to shake off lingering fatigue that more than one steaming cup of black coffee had no impact on.  He’d slept poorly, and breakfast was less than appetizing. And he’d like nothing more than to crawl back into bed and sleep for a week.
That had been difficult to answer.  Even uneducated on such matters it had been clear that he hadn’t been killed by a wild animal as most assumed.  But how could he explain that things in Emmanuel’s journal made him suspect that he had not been mauled by a bear as he’d been told by the authorities that found him?
He has everything he wants.
Dean chuckles.  “A fist in the nose, you mean.”
He presses his finger over Castiel’s pulse, and breathes.
And Dean.
Castiel rolls his eyes.  “Star Trek pajamas.”
bad at cuddling?”
The constant busyness doesn’t usually bother him.  He usually craves it. But when he needs to relax, he can always find sanctuary with Gabriel.  And after the close call with the shapeshifter, he desperately needed it.
Castiel follows his outstretched hand to a man with a wide brimmed hat stepping out of the shadows.  He has a rifle cradled in his hands and it’s pointed at the space between him and Dean.  The bounty hunter--Gordon--gestures again in the other direction.  Castiel turns to see a second gunman leaning against a post, his hand resting warily on a holstered colt.  He spits a stream of tobacco spittle into the dirt by his feet, then grins and tips his hat in a mockery of polite greeting.
Dean laughs along with him.  “Yeah, bud, I see that.”
“Something out of a cheesy porno, probably,” Sam mutters.
Jameson dips his chin in acknowledgement.  “Very good.  I’ll make the arrangements for our departure.”  He addresses his next words to Earp.  “I’ll leave them in your custody for now, Marshal.”
“Which one was your favorite?” Castiel asks.
Dean squeaks.
“Thank you, Sam.”
,” Sam says as reasonably as he can considering how much of an idiot he thinks Dean is being.  “When he got new ones he put in a lot of work to get himself back into fighting shape, and no one was going to talk him out of it.  Not Dad, not us, and not even Rufus was going to make him sit down and rest when he wanted to be up and moving around.”
He’s still got Castiel’s hand clasped in his, and he lifts it to his chest.  A shocked sound escapes the constriction of his throat when he feels Castiel’s fingers tighten around his.
Without memory of his glitches prior to his last reset, Castiel doesn’t know what it’s like to be ill.  The memory playback errors he experienced while in sleep mode are as close as he can come to understanding what Dean might be going through, but it hardly seems comparable.  “I wish to do something useful.”
That earns him an eye roll and a more focused look.  “Put him in a dress for all I care.  I want to stop at Gabriel’s.”
“Touché,” Garth concedes with a chuckle.
Another voice comes from the open office door behind him.  “Rufus, don’t be rude to the customers.”
That last shocks Castiel out of his spiral, and he blinks at Sam.  “Family?”
When Cas moves Dean’s hand down over his straining cock over the top of his pants, Dean’s mouth goes dry.  “Oh God, Cas,” he whispers against damp skin. “You feel so good.” He moves his lips to Cas’ ear. “So hard for me.”
After a few heartbeats, he forces the air out of his lungs, and they start working on their own again.  And he takes his chance.
Michael’s fingers tighten around his again.  “Good.”
“And if he can’t find us, we go into hiding for the rest of our lives.”  Sam pulls himself back up into a sitting position and gives Dean a disapproving look.
Castiel looks down at himself, hard and eager in the golden light of the sunrise, and then at Dean.  One dark brow arches high.  “Well, now what are you going to do with it?”
A whoop from behind him is an abrupt reminder that they’re not alone, even though everything and everyone around them seems distant, unimportant.  He ends the kiss reluctantly, pulling back slowly, but only enough to look up into Dean's dark, heavy lidded eyes.  They’re full of simmering heat, sending a ripple of want through Castiel’s body.
She leans her elbows back on the bar, and grins cheekily.
Tipping his head side to side, Castiel adds “well, it might be a little weird with my mom, since apparently she’s the one who put the idea of getting back together in Hannah’s head.  But she can just suck it up and deal.”
“Cut him loose and take the others.”
The request displeases Amara, though she doesn’t voice any arguments as she obediently gathers her things to move.  But she also doesn’t bother to hide the sullen looks she gives Castiel.
If Castiel doesn’t start kicking Dean’s ass for being a dick, Sam’s tempted to do it for him.
If the place didn’t look like it was closed, he’d probably do it.  Even if it’s a mistake.
“Oh god,” Dean groans.  “Another bet?”
But he’s already bound for heartache, if he doesn’t ask and Castiel leaves anyway.  He’ll always wonder how it could have gone,
He only has seconds to take in his surroundings before an unseen force is lifting him, and he’s slammed back against one of the rough hewn walls.
If he can’t go back, all the dreams he’d kept alive for so long will die.  A man can only live for so long on dreams.  Eventually they fade away into the shadows until nothing remains.
Rufus treads across the small space of the cabin and sits down heavily in one of the two chairs around the tiny table in the center of the room.  He leans back and returns his scrutiny to them.  “Why are you going after Alistair?  You got away.  Stay away.”
Even though Castiel is mostly certain he understands, Sam translates.  “Some of the men had black eyes.”
“Do you make a habit of inviting strangers to stay?” he asks while picking up several fries and dipping them in the aioli sauce.  He pauses and pins her with a look.  “You’re not hitting on me are you?”
The last time Dean saw Gabriel it was when he’d brought Castiel in for appraisal.  He’s not really in the mood to deal with any teasing he might get for not getting railed by the sexbot, or to greet the junk dealer as Sam’s boyfriend instead of his piece of ass.  He waves Sam away and hooks his fingers around Castiel’s elbow to lead him away from the shop.  “Not today, Sammy.  Got a lot to do.”
James’ jaw sags open.
And just like that, his overly good mood plummets.
“Cas! Get out of there!”
The big moose lumbers away, but sends a private message to Dean.
Dean’s eyes snap to Max, and his jaw works for a moment before he manages to grind out an answer to the question.
And then Dean closes the soapy cloth around Castiel’s erection.  His knees go weak, and he catches himself on Dean’s shoulders, just barely keeping himself from collapsing.
Dean is immediately at his other side, sliding an arm over his shoulders and leaning in to press a kiss against his temple.  “Hey.  You’re not thinking of backing out are you?”
He’s determined to get them both down off the mountain, and refuses to accept any other possibility.  But first he has to get Dean’s fever down.
Unable to speak around his heart in his throat, Dean nods.
“Nope, it’s me.” Jo’s voice is bright and cheerful, and despite the fact that he hadn’t expected her to be on the line, Castiel’s mood is buoyed even further by the sound.
“Sentient AI has been illegal for more than a century.  Who
Translating his thoughts and actions into Deanisms was actually a lot of fun, and a way to get to feel closer to Dean and to JM in some ways.  It's weird how these characters can hold such large chunks of real estate in our hearts, isn't it?
There’s a long pause, and Dean can practically hear the wheels turning in Castiel’s head as he gauges how safe it is to keep poking the bear.  Apparently he determines, correctly, that Dean isn’t going to bite his head off, and he asks “Were you close?”
They sit in silence for a few more minutes before rising from their chairs together.  Ellie walks Castiel to his room, but lingers near his doorway.
“We mean you no harm, James,” Castiel says.  “Please have your machines stand down.”
Ellen comes outside, and passes a yellow sheet of paper to Garth.  “Thanks, hun.  That’s the receipt and next week’s order.”
He has to learn to interpret his depth perception, and to balance his weight properly so that he doesn’t tip over as soon as Dean is no longer there to support him.  Chuck said that it may take a few hours before he feels stable enough to stand without support, and possibly a full day before he’s capable of walking on his own.
Apparently she has decided he is to blame for Dean’s rejection last night.  It’s unfortunate, but he believes Ellie is right that Amara will eventually get over her infatuation.  And hopefully her animosity toward Castiel will diminish with time as well.
Dean peels one eye open through a monumental force of will, and peeks up at Castiel.  Other than his hair being a little messier than usual, the android doesn’t look like he’s broken a sweat.  Not that robots sweat.  At least he’s breathing hard, so his motor definitely got revved up.
“About six weeks ago.”
Castiel scrambles to push himself off Dean’s lap, hissing in surprise when his aching cock brushes against Dean’s thigh.  He quickly pulls his pants back up over his thighs to hide his nudity, but he still catches Dean’s gaze on the proof of his shameful arousal.
Castiel can imagine how unpleasant Dean’s displeasure was.  And he wonders at how such events didn’t drive a permanent wedge between them.
“He’ll meet us outside of town,” Cas assures him.  “Where he’ll be safe from Gordon and the sheriff for now.”
“I love you,” Dean says against Castiel’s shoulder.  “I really really fucking love you.”
He jumps when Dean’s hand slaps down near his head.  Disobeying the order not to move, he bolts upright and stares at Dean.
be okay.
Dean reaches out with surprising strength, his fingers clamping around Castiel’s arms.  He shakes him lightly.  “I’ll make you listen, Cas.”
The main reason PharmCos don’t actively manufacture this particular antidote is that it’s usually too late by the time the victim can access it.  If the blood lust isn’t sated quickly, their internal organs will start to shut down, but the antidote flushes the changed DNA from their system and reverses the changes if they get it fast enough.  As their body tries to expel their own altered cells from both ends of the digestive tract, it rips itself apart in the process. That’s why the antidote needs to be administered fast, before the disease affects too many systems, and it’s usually easier for doctors to feed the victims blood and let the transformation complete rather than curing it.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas breathes in the tiny space between their mouths. “Yes.”
“Wow,” Castiel intones, shaking his head in disbelief.
Then Dean’s hands disappear, along with the rock solid strength of his body at Castiel’s back.  “Empty the chamber,” he instructs, his voice calm and controlled.  As if he’s completely unaffected by their proximity.
“Sammy--”
From the corner of his eye he sees Castiel nod.  “Most of the time I didn’t mind my role at the brothel--what I remember of it.  I didn’t always understand the appeal of the requests--”
Now that too lies cold inside him.  The angry words they exchanged had seen to that.  It seems there is no escaping the consequences of his hastily spoken threat.
“Cas,” Dean says on a gasp.  “I’m close.”
His eyes go wide, and he finds Castiel staring at him with burning intensity.  “You like that, don’t you?” Castiel asks.
,” Sam said.  “You can circle around like this forever, and it’ll drive you mad.  I don’t blame you.  I
Pamela’s astonished cry fills the room.  Neither Dean nor Castiel glance her way. They concentrate on each other.
He feels like he’s going to lose his breakfast all over Naomi’s spotless glass desk.
Is he?  Head over heels for Dean?
“Oh my god,” Dean breathes.  “That is something I need in my life.”
“Told ya.”
Or, he can stay for a while.  See what comes of this.  It seems like fate wants him to stay anyway.
“You don’t need to heal me,” Dean says, in lieu of a thank you.  Cas knows him well enough to understand. “Save your reserves for the critters that need you.”
Dean chokes back a sob.  The corners of his eyes sting, and he closes them against the burning intensity of Castiel’s gaze, and the forgiveness he doesn’t deserve.  Soft lips press against his forehead and Dean presses into the kiss.  And even though he doesn’t think he should have survived, in this moment he’s so fucking glad that he did.
And there it is.  Dean’s fingers tighten on the steering wheel, elbows locking as he physically braces himself.  “About what?”
Both Winchesters.
The brothers continue to argue over the public line, and Castiel smiles because this argument does not hold the heat of the one about Sam’s injuries.  He’s been hunting with them for several months now, and he recognizes their current banter as a sign of confidence.  They’d lost the creature once, but now it’s cornered, out in the open and far from its normal bolt holes.
It’s not unusual to wake up alone now that Castiel doesn’t sleep anymore, but Dean still rolls into the vacant side of the bed and buries his face in the cold pillow.  It only smells like linen and the fading sweetness of soap from the last time the pillow case was washed.  There’s none of the slight metallic undertone of Castiel’s skin, but Dean imagines it anyway as he inhales.
“Oh yeah that’s
“Maybe I better not,” Dean says, hesitantly, words tinged with regret. “Shower sex is complicated.”
In the past, he would have wanted to kiss that pout away, but the urge is no longer there.  Despite her beauty, he has no interest in her anymore.
Benny’s voice breaks through his thoughts.  “You’re not lying to me about how well your night went, are you chief?” he asks with an easy grin.
Doug looks at him like he’s not playing with a full deck.  “But you took down
“Not far,” Dean says.  He glances over at Castiel, admiring the way the sinking sun tips his dark hair with shades of red and gold.  “You’ll recognize it when you see it though.”
Dean can’t believe it.  For years he’s been running from the law, including several Pinkerton agents.  They had a reputation for being thorough and tenacious.  No one ever escapes them for long.
Outside he’s pleased when a truck rumbling by doesn’t aggravate what’s left of his headache.  His stomach echoes it, loud enough that Castiel would be embarrassed if he had a witness.  He definitely can’t wait until he gets to the next town to eat something.  He puts his helmet on and swings a leg over his bike, idly wondering if there’s a fast food joint around here.  But he dismisses the thought, and turns his bike toward the diner.  He already knows he likes the food, and knows right where it’s located.
He sucks in a deep breath and sighs it out very slowly.  Opens his eyes just enough to peek at Dean through his lashes in the dim room.  He can hear the resignation in his own voice as he speaks.  “I’ll take a couple of those pills.”
“Whatever.” Dean slaps out at Sam’s flashlight until it’s no longer shining in his eyes.  “So what next?  We just picked a random direction and got lucky, but there’s forking paths all over the place.”
He can deal with scrapes and bruises.  Thank god he hadn’t opened the throttle and flown past the speed limit like he normally does.
“I’ll try to remember that,” he says stiffly.  He swallows hard, and pulls his hands back just short of touching Dean’s skin.
There’s a sudden silence, and Castiel’s feet move without his conscious direction to.  He holds his breath as he inches his way through the moonlight to the corner of the cabin.
“Hell yeah,” Dean assures him.  “That’s what I’m here for!”  He directs a wink at Castiel.  “I’ll warn you when to cover your ears so I don’t injure them with my shitty singing.”
Sam’s face scrunches up in a disapproving frown.  “It can be if you let it.  Bobby’s taking care of our land and the herd.  We can go home, run the ranch.  Like we talked about when we were kids.”
It’s not the full truth, but he doesn’t know them well enough to share that he doesn’t have to worry about money.  He comes from a long line of cops, but his family has a successful business on the side.  Growing up as a rich kid hadn’t made him very many friends, and as an adult it gets him a lot of ribbing from co-workers who don’t understand why he works when he doesn’t need to.  He doesn’t want the contents of his bank account to cause that behavior to start up in his new friends too.
“We’ll help you figure it out,” Dean says through lingering chuckles.  He grabs a book out of Castiel’s hand, the worn out paperback, and wrinkles his nose at it.  “Y’know what though?  If you want a real education on human vernacular, it’ll be easier to pick up through movies.”  He grabs the other book from Castiel and tosses them on the bed with little care for their condition and the damage he might inflict to them.
He believed wholeheartedly that he just needed time.  Something Pam had sighed at but eventually agreed with, although she still checks in on him at least once a month since their official sessions ended.
“Cas, you coming?” Dean doesn’t wait for him to answer, and approaches the car in long strides.  He opens Castiel’s door and leans down to look him in the eyes. “You okay?”
For a long moment, they both stare--Dean at Cas’ colorless expression, and Cas at the gun.  They each struggle with the horrifying realization of how close Cas had come to dying in that split second when Dean had reacted without thought or emotion, only instinct.
Nor is there any escaping the changing seasons that sweep down on the mountain with a vengeance.  As if sensing the cold shoulder Dean is giving Castiel, the sky wraps an icy blanket around them, making their breath steam in the chilly air.
crush on you in school, man.”
Jo snorts.  “Oh please.  We all knew he’d say yes.”
“Nnnnnnn, feels--”  he breaks off with a gasp and presses his teeth into his bottom lip.  “Ffffffffffffff.”
“Revenge?” Castiel echoes.
The compliment heats Dean’s cheeks, and he’s grateful that it’s hidden by the darkness.  He jokes about how pretty he is, but it still feels good to hear it from someone as smoking hot as Castiel.
“I’m gonna need to tear these a little more to get a better look.”  He bites his inner cheek against suggesting that he just take them off altogether.
“Cas certainly went above and beyond,” Sam says after Dean relinquishes the paper and lets him read it himself.  “He could have just waited for the Marshals’ offices to get the updates.”
“Yes, much better, thank you.” Castiel responds, signing as well for Eileen.  “Where’s Dean?”
There’s so much more to his life than his job, but being treated like a pariah because Rachel can’t keep her mouth shut is making it hard for him to think of anything else.
Huh, so it looks like he’s connected to the network now.
He refuses to meet Castiel’s eyes, but he can feel some kind of emotion radiating off him.  Probably disappointment that he hadn’t crawled back into the truck and pulled the others out of the fire.
It’s going great, until he bumps into someone, and he glances up to apologize.
Dean barely avoids hitting his head on the hood when he looks up in surprise.  “What?”
“I see.” Castiel still looks thoughtful, but then he pins Dean with a hard look.  “You’re implying that I’m useless.”
Dean’s grin is pure bravado.  “If I had, I could use one of yours as a spare.  Or maybe both?  I’ll bet I’d look hot with blue eyes.”
thinking about myself, Dean.  I’m safer with you.  Even without a price on my head, you know I’ll be hunted anyway.”
Sam clears his throat, pointed and obnoxious.  “Good morning to you too, Dean.”
He jerks away from her and blinks his eyes in the dark of Dean’s room.  The sunstrips are fully dark, so it must be deep night.  Not even the pale glow of his pendant breaks through the gloom.  He and Dean have rolled away from each other in their sleep.  Dean on his side facing the edge of the bed, and Castiel onto his stomach like he always does when the weight of Dean’s body doesn’t hold him in place.  He lifts his head and a sliver of light escapes from where his body has pressed it into the mattress.
Oh for Hell’s sake.  They really don’t have time for this bullshit.  “We’re going after Alistair White!”
) adores.  “Maybe I am?”
, what a giant horn dog.  Well I guess I can forgive him for not being around for a while then.”
, he has a reputation as a cold-blooded gunfighter.  But none of those charges could be proven.  And Castiel knows that the men he’s killed have been monsters.  Vampires and werewolves.  Shapeshifters and flesh eating rugaru.  Demons.
If he lets himself hope too hard, failure will be much much worse, so he forces those thoughts from his mind.
“Sam?  Why was Gordon hunting you?”
After criss crossing the trail several times, he’s sure there’s only one set of tracks following Cas.  They seem to be staying far enough behind Cas to avoid detection, probably waiting until he’s far enough from the ranch that there’s no chance of help arriving on time.
Dean watches him pace for a moment, noting the wrinkle between his little brother’s brows as he tries to think his way out of the situation they’ve found themselves in.  Sam still has hope that they can get out of it.
The glow fades under Sam’s temples, and his eyes zone in on Dean.  A pleased smile twists his lips.  “So you like him?”
Dean grins.  “Not
From the corner of his eye he sees Sam shuffle forward as if he wants to protect Cas, and Dean puts up a hand, motioning for him to stay out of it.  “I did what was necessary,” he growls, low and dangerous.  “Gordon is a Hunter and he’s after
That dream wakes him with a start, and he blinks away from the sunlight filtering in through the room’s small window.  He sits up, and shakes his head to knock loose the lingering cobwebs of the dream. It leaves him mildly annoyed with himself, and he does his best to tamp down his illogical jealousy.  Dean turned Amara away. It was Castiel that Dean chose to kiss in the starlight.
“Well yeah, those batteries should last longer than nine hours.”  Dean finally moves further into the room, tossing Castiel’s clothing onto the bed.  He reaches for the half open door of Castiel’s chest, but pauses short of touching him.  “May I?”
And if Castiel says no, then Dean will just have to deal with the embarrassment.  And the devastation.
A frown pulls at Dean’s mouth, revealing dimples that Castiel finds completely charming.  “You okay?”
“Want to watch a movie instead?”  That’s something they can do together, and it’ll let Dean pretend he’s taking more time to consider how to bring up his weird cuddling after sex issues instead of just chickening out and taking any and all excuses to put it off like he’s actually doing.
Dean yelps.
No one has ever touched him this way, this intimately.  He shouldn’t allow it.  He should shove Dean away, but it’s too late.  He aches with the need to be touched, and Dean seems all too eager to oblige.  Having never thought he’d ever have this experience, Castiel clings to Dean, encouraging him with his body.  Castiel strains against Dean, every muscle taut.  He has no control over the raw energy boiling inside him, and he doesn’t care anymore.  He wants.  He wants.  He
Dean gestures for him to turn away from the mirror.  “Lean your hips against the counter to keep your balance.”
With that she’s gone in a cloud of flowery perfume.
Gabriel, sprawled sideways in the chair so that he doesn’t crush his wings, with one leg hooked over the arm and bouncing lightly, conjures an apple and bites into it. “So, tell me about the rugaru hunt.”
“Alistair please no, PLEASE--oh god oh god please…”
And besides, Dean seems to like the gentle touch.  Each time Castiel combs his fingers from the front of Dean’s scalp to the base of his skull, Dean arches his neck and he kisses Castiel a little more deeply, tongue flicking out of his mouth to trace the edges of Castiel’s lips.
“Is the next town far?”
It’s clear by his expression that Black Eyes wants to argue, but he checks his anger.  Castiel releases the breath he’d been holding, disappointed.  He doesn’t know if demons can kill each other, but by the way the other demons seem to fear Alistair, he guesses that he may have the power to do so.  It would have been nice to have the number of demons reduced.
“But not deadly?” Castiel asks, as suspicion grows in his chest.
“It’s
Castiel’s heart twists painfully at the reminder that something as simple as driving across town can be such a huge ordeal for Dean.  “You don’t have to if it’s too much.”
Dean had told him countless times that it was a possibility, but Castiel hadn’t
It immediately opens behind him and Dean steps through.  “Cas, what’s going on?
Virgil sits back in his own chair, his posture relaxed.  “They’re over at the hotel, room twelve.  Wyatt delivered them over there a couple hours ago, just like you asked.  There’s a deputy standing guard.”
When Sam’s mount comes up beside him, Dean remains silent, stewing over the argument he hadn’t intended to start.
Gabriel makes a happy sound.  “You got it, babe.”  He grinds his hips forward, reminding Sam of what he’s got in his hand.  “But how ‘bout we play a little before I get down to business?”
“Charlie, what was your bet?” he croaks.
“Feel better?” Sam asks.
“Yes, that’s the one.” More tears well past the man’s lashes, and his breathing becomes haggard.  “This may not be upper city, but it’s not exactly the kind of place people disappear either.  Why would this happen? Who… who would do something so awful?”
Sam loves a good mystery, but he can’t find any dirt on the company.  And without a manufacturer’s mark he’s not even sure he’s looking in the right direction.  He could crack the company’s internal files and really dig, but he doesn’t feel right doing that yet.  He’s never been comfortable breaking laws unless it’s completely necessary.  And there’s other less invasive ways of getting information.
,” Dean insists.  “It was just sex. It’s not like he’s my boyfriend or anything.”
“Hell yeah I did.”  With one last cleansing breath, Dean manages to straighten although he still uses the support of the beam at his back to stay upright.  His legs feel like overcooked noodles, and he’s not exactly sure how he’s keeping them from curling up under him.
Shaking his head, Gabriel steps back from the counter, beckoning for Sam to follow him to the shop’s back office.  The lights dim, and Sam hears the steel locks slide home over the shop’s front entrance.  He plops down behind his desk and boots up an old pre-war computer that somehow survived the EMPs, and the screen casts a blue glow across his face as he starts researching.  Sam sprawls in the chair on the other side of the desk and watches.
“Is that why you were reset?” Sam asks.  Apparently his curiosity is finally overcoming his distrust.
“Please, Señor Jameson,” Amara says politely some time later, holding out a shallow dish, “you must try some of these.”
He wonders if he has the strength to deny Cas, if the opportunity rises again.  The needy throb between his legs suggests otherwise, but for both of their sakes, he’ll try.
Sam laughs again.  The mental image of Castiel riding around in the car with a cord hanging from his open chest is hilarious, and he kind of hopes to see it eventually.  He sobers when he remembers that Castiel’s battery ran low because Dean had him out too long, and that leads him back to whatever it was that got Dean dosed with pure vampire blood.  “Cas, can you tell me what happened tonight?”
“Dean,” Castiel asks, very seriously, as Sam warbles through an out of tune version of what might be a Celine Dion song.  “Are you a troublemaker?”
Another half a mile or so through a crumbling tunnel that looks like it used to be an indoor mall, and Martin leads them up an old escalator that’s been stuck in stair mode since before Dean’s parents were born.  A few more turns, and he slips inside one of the old shops.
Sam’s reassurances that they’re only talking do nothing to decrease the warnings from his threat assessment protocols.  Neither does Sam’s assertion that Castiel is probably freaking out because of the impending meeting with his programmer, when he shares the data with him.
He traces a sigil on the ground.  It lights up under the tip of his finger, and then disappears when he completes the spell.  Then he makes himself comfortable and lets Baby rest her head in his lap while he finger combs her mane.  It’s silky soft and black as pitch, just as the rest of her fur and feathers, and even though he’s not sure she understands what he’s saying he spends the next ten minutes or so telling her how beautiful she is and that he can’t wait to meet her foal.
Sunlight catches on the Colt strapped to Cas’ hip, making the wood handle gleam.  It makes Dean angry again.  They were lucky to get out of Las Cruces alive, even without getting into a gunfight in the streets.  But if Gordon had decided to shoot first instead of using Dean as bait for Sam, they very well could have been killed.  Cas is a marksman, no doubt, but is he fast enough for Dean to count on him in a fight where a quick draw can mean the difference between life and death?
He tries counting minutes as his eyes strain against the darkness.  All he can make out is the shape of the horses, the upper edge of the treeline, and a faint glimmer of moonlight on the water.
“You okay there, buddy?”
It flickered back to life again while Sam was with them, but only at a fraction of its previous luminosity.  And it’s dimming again.
“But why set it up for him to hack, instead of just giving him the records?”
“Thank you.”
“Ha!” Jody barks incredulously.  “I’d say that’s a pot calling the kettles black.”
Stepping back to let Sam pass, Castiel keeps his eyes on Dean.  When there’s room, he takes Sam’s place on the floor and rests his hand on Dean’s shoulder.  Outside the stall he can hear Sam moving around, and one of the showers come on.  “How are you, really, Dean?”
He’s rewarded with Dean’s teeth, biting hard enough to sting, but not enough to hurt.  It drags a cry from him, and his hips jerk up.  When his cock makes contact with Dean’s thigh, he moves again, seeking friction.
Dean throws up his hands in despair.  “It’s still suicidal with three!” He flings one hand in Cas’ direction.  “That idiot at least has the excuse of ignorance--” Cas makes a noise of protest, but Dean ignores him, “--but you know better than anyone what we’re going up against here!”
Understanding dawns, widening Dean’s eyes.  Slowly he reaches out and slips his fingers around the Colt’s handle.  He hefts its weight, refamiliarizing himself with the weapon.  It’s been only a matter of a month or two since he lost possession of it, but it still feels like an extension of his arm.
Throwing up his hands, Sam finally gives up trying to smash his head against the brick wall of Dean’s stubbornness.  “Fine, whatever.  Have fun with him, however you want to.  I’m reserving the right to say I told you so if this blows up in your face.”
When Castiel opens the room, Sam’s head comes up, and he smiles in relieved welcome.  “You look much better,” he says, standing to take the tray from Castiel and put it on a small table near the bed.  “More like a Pinkerton agent, and less like a mountain trapper.”
“It’s karaoke night at the bar,” Dean says.  “And I was hoping you’d like to with me…” his heart kicks up, “On a date.”
Castiel lifts his hand enough to shoot a glare in Dean’s direction.  At least Dean assumes it’s a glare, since Castiel’s eyes are still hidden behind the dark lenses.  “The only thing that will help when it gets this bad is prescription painkillers.  That stuff,” he gestures at the bottle Dean is still half-heartedly holding out to him, “won’t even take the edge off.”
Castiel grunts.  “Damn, I only have one other pair.  I’ll have to find a store.”
“What do you mean?”  He shifts in his seat and glances at the door, wondering if he shouldn’t have left them alone.
Castiel keeps his tone light and teasing.  “After all the dirt everyone wants to tell me about you, I’d have thought someone would have mentioned that.”
“I-I uh… I mean a guy’s gotta make a living right, Benny?”
“Nope, they keep all their stuff strictly legal as far as I know,” Gabriel murmurs after several minutes of clicking away at the keyboard.  “No AI in their design plans, and even their genetic regrowth programs stick to organs, arms and legs; no brain replacements.”
hate these things.” He jiggles the snake lightly, glancing at it with vivid disgust.
“You don’t need to rearrange the living arrangements for me,” Castiel objects softly.  There’s something dangerous in Amara’s eyes, and he doesn’t want to make an enemy of the young woman.  “I’ll be comfortable enough with a pallet on the floor.  Or I could stay in the vaquero’s cabin as well.”
And then he wonders what love will feel like with a real heart beating in his chest.
“You’re going to get a sunburn if you keep forgetting it,” Dean says warmly.  When Castiel settles the hat on his head properly and tilts his head back far enough to see his husband past the wide brim, Dean holds out a large glass of lemonade.  “And you gotta stay hydrated in this heat.”
He’s rewarded for his stubbornness as hot, bitter fluid fills his mouth, and he swallows on instinct.  His hand goes to his cock again, and with Castiel’s flavor fresh on his tongue, he finds his own release after only a few strokes.  He let’s Castiel’s cock slip from his lips, and curls in on himself with the power of his orgasm.
He’s distracted when Dean’s fingers slip into the space between his thighs.  Pleasure spikes over every nerve ending, and he comes up on his toes with a gasp.  But then he’s pushing back into the unexpectedly thrilling caress.  Dean’s fingers tease with light touches and firm pressure.
When Castiel catches himself long-blinking, he stretches against the sheets and rolls out of bed to get a towel.  He takes the phone with him into the bathroom.  “I need to get some sleep,” he says reluctantly.  “Can I call you later?”
“No,” Dean admits.
Sam drops to one knee and bends down to peer at him under the edge.  “Hey Dean.”
The next time Castiel puts his lips over Dean’s they move under his.  But when Castiel sits up and examines Dean for any changes, there is still no movement.
He realizes his jaw is sagging and he tightens it.  Straightening to his full height he nods curtly.  “Yes.” He glances at Sam and finds more confidence and support in his expression.  “Yes we can.  We will.”
The shadows increase in number, converging and surrounding the camp.  Castiel knows there’s no chance of escape unless he can climb through the rocks above him without being seen.  But he’ll be exposed for however long it takes to scramble to a higher level.
Castiel isn't sure what just happened, but he's perfectly willing to finally get moving.  He crosses the corral toward the sorrel gelding he'd purchased for himself.
Gabriel pats her on the head when she releases him.  “Poor mortal, your life must be so difficult.”
Dean chuckles.  “You Vulcan’d him. Nice.”
Castiel closes his eyes, and settles under Dean’s touch.  “Sometimes I internalize the vision humans have of me.  Thank you for reminding me that there’s more to me than violence and death.”
Castiel sags with relief, and leans back in for another tight hug.  “Thank you.”
the person who earns that from him will have his everlasting devotion.”
The excitement makes him giddy, and he doesn’t feel like going back home right away now that they’ve finished with their errands.  “Hey, Cas what do you say we go out for a drink?”
Sam lets himself into his own room, and sighs with exhausted relief as the door closes behind him.  He tosses his bag on the bed, and flops down on his back next to it.  He’s starving, and desperately wants a shower.  But he needs just a few minutes to stretch out after being in the Impala for hours, and he wants to soak up the peace and quiet of a room without his brother and his brother’s angel filling the space with hostile tension.
Sam chuckles.  “I’m surprised to hear you suggest we keep going, Cas.”
“Are you worried we won’t find it?” he asks bluntly.
“Pfft, Cas is,” Gabriel snorts.  “He’s been shopping around for days.”
He wants more than sex, but that’s not something he can say aloud.  The words crowd in his throat, but even the ever expanding bubble of affection growing inside him can’t push them out.  He’s been accused of emotional constipation by romantic partners in the past, but they’re wrong.  It’s just that he has difficulty expressing how he feels with the inadequacies of verbal language, and they weren’t able to understand the things he was always saying to them without words.
“Ah Cas, the way you talk, somebody could almost think you care what happens to me.”
In one of the agency files Castiel had studied, there was an old notation that the Winchesters had supposedly come from Kansas.  They must have moved to Wyoming territory when Dean was very small, or maybe before he was born.  After the demon had killed Mrs. Winchester’s family.  And yet with such a long distance between where they started and their new home, the demon had still found them.
“Dean is pretty sure he is,” Sam confirms.
“Fries covered in cheese curds and gravy,” Castiel answers before taking a large bite of his sandwich.  It could use some pickles, but it’s still quite good.
“Love you too, Cas.”
“Just like that, huh?”
But the girl doesn’t heed the warning, shrugging and giving Castiel an unimpressed look.  “I am simply saying that you must not be a very capable lawman.”
“Dean.”
quickly.  He doesn’t want anything ruining his first experience of having Castiel inside him.
Castiel hums thoughtfully.  “You would too.”
Castiel presses his lips together and refuses to speak.
Dean shrugs.  Between the meds, the sex, and the meal he’s feeling lazy.  “Got any movies?”
Trusting Sam to take care of their logistical needs, Dean strolls through the store, weaving between barrels of beans and flour, and shelves of canned goods.  He rounds the end of the last shelf and finally finds the man he’s looking for.  He comes to a stop at Cas’ side, close enough to feel his body heat.  Cas looks up from the pile of gloves he’s sorting through and gives Dean a suspicious squint.
An invitation for a group link hits Dean’s neural net, and when he sees it’s initiated by Castiel he accepts.  When the call connects, a holographic image of Chuck appears in the workshop with them.
Dean digs his heels.  “He needs to be plugged in.”
Castiel rubs soothing circles between his shoulder blades, and it does the trick.  Dean finally gets a grip on himself, and let’s Castiel go.  He sniffs and wipes at his eyes, but he manages a smile to reassure Cas he actually is okay now.  Taking the message, Castiel moves to Dean’s legs, removing the remaining straps.
The next speaker makes Castiel sit up ramrod straight and reach for his gun.
“Yeah--Jesus are any of these
The squinty eyes and head tilt are all Cas, a quirk that might have been programmed into him, or might just be a broken bit of code floating around in his personality matrix.  “Mean what?”
Their first stop is a jewelry store where the woman they speak with bursts into tears when she shares her story.  The next stop is an art gallery, and they interview the janitor.  Then they go to the last known location, a bank robbed the day before, where two guards give statements.  After thanking the guards for their time and sending them away Dean and Sam bring Castiel in close.
It’s such a tiny thing, but sometimes it doesn’t take much to set off his anxiety attacks.  He’ll be fine for weeks, months even.  Going to the Roadhouse for drinks on busy nights, or going out to the hills with Bobby to shoot at cans, or people walking into the garage when he’s not paying attention won’t bother him.  And then something as simple as a dog barking unexpectedly will send him into a spiral.
Some of the exhaustion sloughs away from Dean at the promise of food, and he makes a beeline for the fridge.  He finds the tupperware right away, and when he lifts the lid and sees the egg scramble Castiel had left for him, a look of euphoria scrapes a little more of the of haggard lines from his face.  “Dude, I have the best boyfriend.”
But in the morning, Dean is worse.
But Alistair will still be out there.  Castiel can’t live with that.  He can’t turn away from this hunt, not knowing first hand the kind of devastation Alistair leaves in his wake.
Dean Winchester, subject of those self made imaginary adventures, smiles at him like he’s actually happy to see him.  “Castiel, right? Do you remember me?  I’m Dean.”
And that’s
“Do you have any idea what you’re doing?” Sam hisses from a few inches above Dean’s ear.  He’s been a hovery asshole despite Dean’s attempts to ease the tension floating around everything after Castiel powered on.
He cuts a path up the hill.  Cesar’s stallion is strong and climbs the uneven terrain easily.  He’s cautious of his footing but keeps a good pace.
I only barely glanced through this in the editing stage, so apologies for any weird errors.  This chapter was not my friend, and I don't want to look at it anymore.
They might just make it out of this.
Pausing under the porch light, Dean turns to watch Castiel make his way carefully up the two steps to the wide deck that fronts his house.  The poor guy looks like hell.  His hair is wild and sweaty, and in the golden light of the cheap bulb Dean can see dirt smeared across one side of his face.  He’s holding himself gingerly, favoring the leg with the ripped denim below his knee.
“The widow?” Pamela asks.
Castiel’s attention snaps back to Dean, all thoughts of handcuffs swept aside.  “Yes… probably.”
Benefits of being an empath.  He never has to worry whether his feelings are returned.
Dean snorts and shares a grin with Cas.  The Pinkerton makes a very fetching sight with the first light of day at his back, sunlight tipping his dark hair with flecks of bronze.
“Uh huh.” Sam’s tone is skeptical, but he lets it go.  “So do you know when Cas is going to be back?”
Fuck, that’s never a good way to start a conversation.  Dean wants to hold his ground and demand an immediate explanation, but he doesn’t actually want to be a jerk.  Other than going for a solo road trip Cas hasn’t actually done anything to earn his ire.  So he reins in his bullheadedness and nods agreement, not sure if he can trust himself not to start yelling.
He obeys, and Dean steps close.  The razor’s buzzing blade feels weird against his cheek, occasionally tugging sharply at a hair before cutting it and leaving a slight sting.  It’s not painful, and Castiel concentrates on holding still.  It helps having Dean so close, because Castiel can count his freckles from this distance.
With a grunt, Dean heaves himself off his ass.  First to his knees, and then his feet.  And despite the fact that he’s still a spring chicken and full of healing tech, his nerves light up in protest to the movement.  His nanites are programmed to immediately repair broken bones and organ damage, but slow down after that to save resources, leaving him sore and bruised.  He’s going to be feeling that flight across the room for a day or two.
“I’m calling Chuck,” Sam says.
“My brother’s pretty good at hacking,” Dean says with a smirk.
Castiel runs the washcloth back and forth across Dean’s shoulders, pulling him closer in the process.  There’s no music and they’re not moving together in the rhythm of sex like they were at the club, but the way their bodies slide together with their breathing harkens back to that moment when Castiel’s body reacted to Dean’s as if it were preparing for intercourse.
A bitter smile twists Dean’s lips.  “Oh I see.  So I’m an asshole for trying to keep him safe, but it’s okay for you to encourage him to lie to me?  Nice, Sam.”
The fight continues, and Sam wonders why Dean is letting it drag on when he clearly outmatches both of the knights facing him.  Especially when his counter attacks are so vicious. But instead of striking the weapons from his opponents’ hands, he continues to shift his weapon at the last moment, knocking them away but not out of the fight.
Castiel wants to argue.  The need for vengeance, for
Something about his words seems to upset Dean.  His dimples deepen, and his gaze drops to the floor.  His arms cross over his chest, and Castiel senses him pulling away even though he doesn’t physically move.  “Is that what you want?” Dean asks, still staring at the linoleum under his feet.
The tremor in Dean’s voice cracks something in Castiel’s heart, and his own eyes begin to sting.  Suddenly he wants nothing more than to let Dean walk away.  He and Sam will have to keep their heads down while Castiel finds some way to clear their names without bringing Alistair to the Territorial Governor.  And he won’t stop until he knows they’re free men.
Luckily Jody takes pity on him.  She just hums mysteriously and sips at her drink.
Doc’s eyes sparkle with humor.  “I can’t say it was my pleasure.  Neither of you boys have ever been easy patients.”  His eyes slide over to Eileen, and they soften.  “I’m sure you would like to see him now, wouldn’t you, my dear?”
Which is ridiculous.  If they share any more private, intimate moments, what little bit of Castiel’s heart he’s managed to hold on to will crumble to pieces as soon as he remembers that to Dean, their trysts don’t matter.  Because he expects to walk away from Castiel without a backward glance when this hunt is over.
“Amara is very much like I was at that age.  Romantic and easily infatuated, with little understanding of men.  And Dean makes it difficult not to love him.”
“I am unsure whether this plan is sound,” Castiel says as he stares at the glass doors ahead of him.
Dean bumps their shoulders together, silently reassuring Castiel that he understood the message.  They’ll figure out what the night holds for them as they go.  “It’s not about driving drunk.  I don’t drink alcohol because it messes with my…” he lifts his free hand and twirls his fingers near his temple.
Dean stares.
"Well good."  Dean pulls himself up in his saddle, and pins Cas with a hard look.  "Because we're in for a hard ride, and I'd like to get as far away from this hell hole as possible tonight.  You better be able to keep up."
“Hey, whoa.” Gabriel moves the plate aside and pulls Sam against his chest.  He brushes Sam’s hair out of his face and peppers light kisses across his cheeks and nose.  “Everything turned out okay, right? Dean’s fine, or you wouldn’t be here, and Castiel…”
“I’m not an idiot, Dean.  I wouldn’t let him do something I didn’t think he could handle.”  Although it was probably a stupid idea to let Castiel talk him into it without making sure Dean wasn’t going to fly off the handle first.
A man in a preacher’s suit stands next to him, cradling a bible.  His bald pate is bright pink under the noonday sun, and sweat trickles down around his temples and ears.  He looks far too miserable to be up there on the platform with a couple of criminals, but his voice is gentle when he speaks.  “Would you like to say a prayer with me, my son?”
Cas begins to writhe in his arms, alternately arching into his palm, and rolling his hips back against Dean’s.  He guides Dean’s hand, forcing him to squeeze the hot length hidden beneath denim, then stroking up and down the length.
Heat flares under his skin at the memories of where those hands had explored last night.  He feels branded.  Marked.
“The sheriff might want to,” Sam says.  “But it’s Gordon we have to worry about.”
The corner of the blanket lifts, and Castiel squints at him from the shadows underneath.  “Hello, Dean,” he says with a pained smile.
Eileen does a little hop, and leans more of her weight on Sam until he’s almost holding her up.  They both look so pleased with themselves, that it can only mean trouble for Dean.  “We got you covered!”
Wyatt grins in response, all that’s visible under the brim of his Stetson.  “Yep.”
He waves his smartphone at her.  “Got the delivery notification email right here.”
“Of course.”
“Sorry it’s not much.”
Jesus, no wonder Gabriel offered so much money.  That’s some seriously high end virtual intelligence.  And if it’s displaying a fear response, then threatening it with crispy circuits is not the right way to deal with it.
He turns over onto his stomach and groans when a sharp stone cuts into his side.  He digs it out from under the blanket and tosses it aside.
The uncertainty in Cas’ voice brings Dean back to his senses.
When Dean comes back with the lube, he gives Castiel a questioning look.  “No condoms?” His eyes glitter with amusement and he tsks teasingly.  “You would have been a terrible boy scout.”
By the time Eileen returns home, dusty from work, the painkillers have kicked in and Sam is snoring softly in his recliner.  Her face softens when she comes in and sees him sleeping, lines of worry fading around her eyes.
“Your word, not mine,” Sam says.  He forks up a huge bite of Castiel’s egg scramble, and if it’s possible to chew smugly, he’s absolutely doing it.
“I understand,” Castiel says with a solemn nod.  “I don’t mind trips into the city, but I much prefer the peace and quiet of your home.”
on her way out.
Jimmy’s eyes go wide, and his jaw sags.  Then he laughs, and there’s a hysterical edge to it.  He rubs a palm over his eyes and shakes his head.  “I don’t… I don’t know, Cas.  I mean I can give you more sensors if you need them, that’s just a hardware thing.  But for you to interpret those signals as pleasurable?  That’s outside my wheelhouse.”  He twists on the bed and reaches behind him.  “Chuck?  Babe, wake up.”
The deep timber of Dean’s voice makes Castiel straighten, because if he doesn’t lock his knees they might just give up on him.  “Hello Dean.”
As useless as he is, Benny is in full agreement, and Dean gets back to work.  But his mind keeps wandering to all the things he doesn’t like to talk about.  The heat, the work, the conversation with a good friend, none of them can distract him from the thought that there are things in his life that he’s missing.  Things he can’t find in Purgatory.  And if things don’t get better inside his head soon, he’ll have to consider getting back on his meds and moving back to the city.
Their eyes meet, and the tension Anna had tried to diffuse rises up between them again.  Castiel remembers when their positions were reversed.  When he was recovering from the injuries he received during the mugging, and Michael visited him while his condition had been most critical.  And then a few years later, when Castiel had overdosed.
Dean swings into Baby’s saddle, and urges her back into a relentless pace.  The plaid fabric of Castiel’s shirt is wound around his fist as he clutches the reins.
“I did.  I’m sorry I forgot.” Dean grimaces and rubs a hand over Sam’s shoulder.  “There’s a janitor downstairs.  He’s been sneaking into patients rooms that he has no business in.”
He pecks Castiel on the lips and then surges back up and straddles Castiel’s thighs, trapping them under his hips.  He uncaps the bottle of lube, and pours a liberal dollop over Castiel’s aching flesh.
“Dean! Dean!” The fear filled cry comes from across the yard, where Amara stands with a basket of wet laundry.  She drops it into the dust at her feet and breaks into a run toward them.
“Well that’s what you were training her to do,” Dean points out.  He yawns and his eyes drift shut despite his best efforts to keep them open.
Castiel laughs and grabs two of each before he unwraps his sandwich.  They prepare their food in silence, although Castiel snorts with amusement when he sees how much mayo Dean is using.
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel says, low and rough.
When Dean speaks, his voice holds a slight tremor, revealing how tenuous his control is.  “You saw what happened to that girl,” he says.  “Do you see now what we’re facing?  If we keep going?”
Castiel is staring toward the exit.  “Are Bobby and Rufus a couple?”
Sam blinks at him, and Castiel takes in all the details of his expression.  His brow furrows, and his lips purse.  It doesn’t quite look like there’s something unpleasant in his mouth, but more as if he’s unsure of the flavor.  The expression is brief, smoothing away into something friendlier.  “Yeah mostly.  What about you?”
“Are you getting my ping?”
Sam grabs his duffel and slings it over his shoulder, grinning in the face of Gabriel’s outrage.  “It’s true though.  He doesn’t like to leave the bunker to hang out in the city because it’s ‘too far’ and you never come visit because the bunker is ‘too far’ from the city.”
“Don’t forget to warn them about the sheriff,” he adds.  “Greedy bastard should be here any day, and the wards won’t stop him.”
Sighing, Doug settles the knife handle more comfortably in his hand.  “Well if they turn out to be something more than thieves, at least it’ll make this case more interesting.  I wonder when Mr. Pinkerton will send me on higher profile cases?”
Castiel’s laugh feels like a gift.  But Dean doesn’t add “nice laugh” to his list, because he might develop lactose intolerance if he gets too cheesy.
“Just ‘Doc’,” the doctor responds, somehow sounding both annoyed and wry about the nickname.  “I’ve heard much about you, Castiel.  It is nice to finally meet you, even if the circumstances leave much to be desired.”
The rope goes taught around the iron bars.  Beyond, he hears scuffling and scraping sounds as Cas’ horse strains against the pull of the rope.  The bars hold, then groan.
Crinkles appear around Castiel’s eyes, and his lips curve up at the edges.  “I think I’d like that.”
“Oh yeah.  Damn.”
He cuts off those wistful thoughts and rolls out of bed, happy to find that the ache in his knee has receded even more.  There’s only a slight purpling of bruises around it, but they seem to be mainly from the impact of the horses’ bodies, and not from any damage to the actual joint.  Which means he won’t need to continue hiding the injury from Dean.
“Dude, that’s messed up,” Dean says as he covers Castiel’s ankle with gauze.  “And it’s still your favorite in the series?”
“You don’t need to give him a promise ring before you can kiss him,” Jo says.  “Just have yourself a good tumble and let off some steam.  It’s not like he’ll be around for long, and you can just forget about him when he’s gone.”
Winchester takes his sweet time tying the closure at the front of his pants before reaching for his shirt, and Castiel’s eyes follow the ripple of muscles along his shoulders.  “Well enough to damage those clothes beyond repair,” he says.
Castiel has no biological functions that would cause him to crave something.  Nevertheless, he keeps returning to Dean, seeking out that recognition through the intimacy of sex.  And he knows that he will continue to do so after this session as well because he’s already analyzing the best way to initiate their next sexual encounter.
Laughing again, Castiel reaches up and feels an oily smudge on his cheek.  “I just got out of the shower,” he complains good-naturedly.
Dean is beautiful.
“I also explained the logic behind your decisions, as well as my own.  He did not have a valid counter argument.”
“You’re still a damn blessing in a fight.”  Sam claps him on the shoulder, and Castiel ducks his head to hide his flash of pride.
“Please, ‘Castiel’ is just fine.”
He’s not just talking about the gun.  Dean hears the underlying message.
“No,” he grits out.  “You will not.”
Castiel watches him walk away, and wonders if he’d truly saved Dean from the gallows or only doomed him to further pain.
“So what’s this really about?” Gabriel asks softly.  “Did Dean do something to drive you away?”
He watches Dean’s face.  He catalogues each twitch of an eyelid and every swipe of Dean’s tongue across his lips.  There’s more and more data to collect, and he eagerly does so, filling blank partitions with Dean.
He rolls the thong into a tight ball and slips it inside his shirt sleeve.  Then he works at the inside seam of his left boot.  After a few minutes a gleaming, sharp tip protrudes from a narrow slit.  He pulls the blade from the seam, and with another piece of leather wraps one end to make a handle.
Dean gives a short, ironic laugh.  “Yeah, I guess the son-of-a-bitch was quicker than I thought.  The idea was to shoot him first.”
“Cas!” Dean’s fingers squeeze his wrist painfully.  “You fool… you’ll get yourself killed if you don’t… leave.”
Dean straightens, but doesn’t pull out of the hug.  He smiles down at Castiel.  “No, I didn’t think that.”  He keeps his voice low.  Hospitals always make him feel like it’s rude to talk louder than a whisper.  “But I’m still glad you came.”
She doesn’t miss a beat.  “Oh my, a mechanic is he?  Sounds delicious,” she purrs teasingly.  “Maybe if you play your cards right you can get your bike fixed for free…”
, he knew he forgot something.  “I’ve been busy, and I forgot.”
Virgil and Wyatt exchange looks.  “He was just fine,” Virgil answers.  “Although Wyatt thought he seemed different somehow.”
“Is he around?”
A grin at their antics twitches at Castiel’s lips.  “Yes, please.”
It takes an administrative override to shut down his security protocols altogether, and he has to go through several rounds of warnings against it.  But he shuts them down completely and clears his error log.  He leans into Dean and brushes a kiss against his lips in silent gratitude.  Then he turns his attention back to Chuck.
Sam’s digital voice is tinged with humor.  He’s following along with Castiel in Dean’s car, since Dean refused to let them all ride together.  Another precaution. Dean’s not putting all three of them in Jimmy’s care, even for a simple drive outside the city domes.
He’d much rather kiss him again.  Drag him into a hidden alcove and show him with his mouth and hands just how little interest Amara holds for him.
Dean smiles down at the screen and types out a response one handed.
Sam and Eileen stand together under an arch of orange and yellow irises.  Bonfires flank the raised dais, and torches line the aisles.  Light and shadow from all the flames dance across Eileen’s flowing white dress, making her appear to be bathed in her own fire.  Both the bride and groom are displaying their wings proudly, Eileen’s sheer and rainbow shimmery, Sam’s fiery feathers arched over his shoulders.  Only clever spell work keep them from sparking fire in his clothing and the nearby flowers.  And Eileen’s fairy blood protects her from Sam’s burning touch.
Castiel thinks.
Castiel’s eyes flit from Dean’s wing, to lock on Dean’s gaze.  “I was hoping that we could continue our relationship without the barrier of professionalism.  If you don’t mind that I have to travel a lot for work.”
“Yeah.”
But Cas’ calm resolve somehow calms him.  Cas is a solid pillar of strength, close enough for Dean to reach out and touch.  He doesn’t, but it soothes his nerves to know that he can if he needs to.
“Smooth,” Sam says, returning with full canteens and an armful of driftwood from the bank.  “You’re really good at this.”
“I’m still not sure what you’re making,” Dean says as Castiel finishes whisking the gravy and sets it aside to raid the fridge.
Dean snorts and rolls his eyes as he heads to his tool bench and grabs a telescoping magnet.  Whatever Sam wants must not be serious, or he would have gotten to his point already.  “Yeah, but nothing important,” Dean says as he comes back to the cruiser and bends over the engine again to fish out the spark plug.  “So… Cas?”
“And when I first contacted Chuck and Jimmy about this upgrade, I was thinking of you,” Castiel continues.  “But now that I know what the upgrade entails, I want to do this for
Dean’s expression softens into a smile.  “Yeah I will.”
“Should we look for him?”
When he actually sees the path down the mountain Castiel’s eyes slam shut.  One hand scrambles for the oh shit handle above the door, and the other grips at the edge of his seat.  But his eyes pop open again almost immediately because not being able to see where they’re going as Dean guides the truck down what barely constitutes a path seems infinitely worse.
Instead of answering, Dean reaches for Castiel’s hand.  His grip is gentle as he turns Castiel’s palm up, and he turns his attention to the raw and inflamed skin.  He traces the healthy skin around it.  “Have Sammy take a look at your hands before you put your gloves back on,” he says gruffly.
Castiel doesn’t look up as he pushes up Dean’s shirt.  “I suppose that
Naomi blinks, and then her eyes narrow.  “Castiel?”
It’s almost too much and he would have gone down without Dean’s strength keeping him upright.  The next step is easier though, and he shuffles forward.
He’d gotten through it without pills, and without a drink.  Even though he’d been highly tempted, he still hasn’t broken the seal on his last bottle of whiskey.  The longer he goes without doing that, the better.  Mental health issues and booze don’t mix well, a lesson he learned the hard way.
He could be talking about many things.  Their earlier disagreement, the hunt… the kiss.  Castiel knows which one he wants it to be.  But does Dean feel the same?  “I don’t know what you mean.”
“What about adoption?”
The gun digs harder into his flesh.  “I ain’t no dumbass kid with a gun looking for glory,” Gordon growls.  “Now let’s get you to the jail.  Remember, nice and easy.”
“We have to.”
He just hopes that whatever’s eating at Dean doesn’t come out and bite Castiel.  The poor guy has suffered enough on this hunt, and he doesn’t deserve Dean’s ire for getting in the way of a feral werewolf’s claws.
Dean sits up, and Lore lifts her head to give him a reproachful squint for disturbing her.  He runs a palm over her soft fur, but he can barely feel it.  His fingertips begin to tingle, and he can feel his heartbeat kicking into overdrive.  “What about her?”
Jo only glares harder for a moment before putting him on ignore.
Castiel’s battery will charge faster if he goes back into sleep mode, but he wants to be fully aware in case Dean wakes up and needs him.  And he since he experienced a series of errors the last time he was asleep, it’s best if he avoids going into a mode where he might experience them again while it’s important that he be fully functional.  So he pulls out his book and opens to where he left off, eager to experience a new story he can discuss with Dean when he wakes.
The thing about Heaven is that it’s full of people he loves.
“He’s a Hunter,” Black Eyes says.  He gestures at Castiel’s chest.  “Has an anti-possession mark over his heart.”
But he can’t just let Alistair go free.  And not just because he wants justice for his brother.  This mission has moved beyond Emmanuel’s death.  The world may be full of monsters, but Alistair is one that needs to be removed from the world, and with the Colt and the Winchesters’ help, that is a deed that Castiel should pursue.
He won’t take a pill unless he absolutely needs it.  One of the warnings is that it causes drowsiness, and that side effect always hits him like a grand piano dropped on his head.
“Maybe his warranty’s up,” Dean points out.  Although even if he couldn’t be returned, he could at least be sold for parts to make up for losses.  Dean was planning on doing the same if he couldn’t get Cas up and running.
He responds by finishing his tortilla, and gratefully accepts a second one when she puts it in front of him.
He’s scrubbed down, dried, dressed, and making a beeline for his bed in less than fifteen minutes.  But on his way to his room he slows when he notices Castiel’s door is still wide open.  He re-routes and pokes his head in the opening to find Castiel sitting against his headboard, knees up to brace the book the android is reading.
He has the feeling that it’s going to be one doozy of a ride, too.
“You don’t know how how to drive though.  It might be better to wait until one of us can give you some lessons.” Sam grins.  “Actually, it’ll probably be Dean.  He really got a kick out of teaching me when we were kids, and I’ll bet he’d love teaching you too.”
Sam grimaces, and ducks his head until he’s hiding behind his hair.  That’s usually a sign that Dean is not going to like the answer.  He mumbles something that Dean doesn’t quite catch.
“So?  He’s locked up and ain’t got a gun.”
Dean dozes, only waking briefly to eat.  He sleeps fitfully.  He’s in pain, and Castiel has nothing to give him to ease it.  Mercifully his skin remains cool, and there’s no fever.
“I was with Gabriel, so I wasn’t alone.”
It’s all so cruel and pointless.  There’s obviously little of value in this small village, but the Comancheros, the
Castiel’s pretty blue eyes sparkle with mirth.  “Are you offering me a good time, Dean?”
The quiet that Dean values so much is beginning to drive him crazy.
“Alright, bring it over and add it to the bunch.”
“Uh huh.”
Despite the clear sky a shadow seems to spread over the crowd.
“You have to move a lot?”
Girls night is in full swing.  The coffee table is strewn with makeup boxes, manicure supplies, and margarita glasses.  They’re on their second 90s chick flick–Bodyguard, despite Dean’s very loud endorsement for Legally Blonde “for Sam”–and everyone with hair long enough is done up in curlers, including Sam.
Castiel’s only reaction is a nod before he looks back outside.  They’ve reached an area where the buildings have glass exteriors in all colors of the rainbows.  There’s enough sunlight filtering down that the windows are solar panels, usually patterned in company logos and paid advertisements.  Large 3D holo-vids clash with the aesthetics of the window designs, but Dean is used to the sensory input, and his neural implants can block out most of it so he doesn’t overload.
“They’re just jewel thieves!”
“I have no idea.”  Dean hopes not.  He’s got a few helper bots around the bunker that he built and programmed himself, and whenever Sam accuses him of treating them like beloved pets he hotly denies it, but the truth is that he has a soft spot for all of them.  They’re not smart, although they do have a few learning algorithms that make them seem like it sometimes.  He can’t imagine creating something with human-like personality traits and then turning around and selling it to a brothel.  “I don’t think so though.  You were probably only meant to be a VI with enough sophistication to seem real to your clients.  Which you probably are, and your glitches make you seem more advanced.  I haven’t ever interacted with an AI, so I don’t actually know what you are.”
The old man's scrutiny intensifies.  Dean’s pretty sure he ain’t a mind reader, but just in case, he does his best to project honesty and earnest intentions.
Dean crosses his arms over the saddle's pommel and meets Cas' upturned gaze.  Morning  sunlight slants across him.  The way the light shines off the hay dust floating around him gives the impression of a halo, and Dean has to blink to clear the fanciful image from  his mind.  He turns his attention back to Baby, reaching to stroke her warm neck.  "She's one of a kind, that's for sure."  He doesn't want to feel gratitude for Castiel, but it feels damn good to be reunited with her, and he can't help the kernel of pleasure growing inside him, no matter how much he hates the reason he's got her back.
“No it ain’t.” Dean collapses against the corner where the tunnels meet.  He has one hand pressed against his head.
Well, that’s clear enough.  “Yes, sir.”
“I’m literally older than dirt,” Dean counters.  “And molecules.”
Castiel watches Jo’s slim figure as she struts toward the stage, vaguely pondering that she’s a beautiful young woman and under other circumstances he might have flirted with her that first day they met in the diner.  But his attention had been captured by Dean the moment he’d walked in the door.  Lured in like a moth to a flame, or Icarus to the sun.
He’d know the truth of his words simply from Dean’s small intake of breath, but there are other signs.  The stiffening of his shoulders, and his refusal to make eye contact.
His father is another issue entirely.  Their relationship isn’t exactly bad, not anymore, but it is still somewhat rocky.  Castiel had stopped trying to gain his approval a long time ago, but it still hurts whenever he gets a lecture about how he can live his life better.  But he hasn’t let his father’s disapproval stop him from pursuing the things that make him happy in years, and he’s not going to stop now, especially not in regards to his relationship with Dean.
Sam tilts a speculative look at him.  “You should invite him to the Roadhouse tonight for karaoke,” he says. “It could be a date.”
I'm kinda rushing because I want to try and finish this by Friday.  I've got 1 more chapter, and an epilogue to go.  But I've also got all of Thursday and Friday off, so we'll see how this goes XD
” he says, changing the subject so he doesn’t have to think about the monsters he’ll be facing soon.  “Hey, Wyatt, you remember that little gal up in Tucson at the Red Garter?  Pamela?”
When Castiel returns his attention to Jimmy, he meets an astonished stare.  He tilts his head in question, and Jimmy blinks at him.  Then Jimmy slowly approaches him, until he’s inside what Dean has explained is a personal space bubble.
Aaron laughs.  “Wow, it thinks it’s people.”
“At least you’re willing to get some rest.  Sam and Dean are out with Cesar and the boys, visiting the horses.” She scowls at the wall in the direction of the corrals.  “They’d better get cleaned up properly before dinner, or I’ll let them starve.”
“Must be a good beer.”
The smell of brewing coffee reaches him before he gets there, so he’s not surprised to find the kitchen occupied.  He doesn’t bother to hid his amusement when he catches sight of Castiel at the counter, in his customary blue robe, hovering over the pot while it fills.
Nodding, the man begins gathering Castiel’s information, chicken pecking it into the ancient computer behind the counter after brushing Rufus’ feet out of his way.  “You here for the rock climbing, or just passing through?” he asks.
He’s not really in the mood to deal with much of anything at the moment if he’s honest with himself.  It’s actually one of the easier hunts they’ve been on, but for some reason his whole body is heavy with fatigue and he’s looking forward to falling into bed and sleeping for ten hours.  The prospect of his bed being empty is not all that appealing though.
Castiel thrusts shallowly, working himself deeper with each stroke.  Now that he doesn’t need to guide himself, he wraps his fingers back around Dean’s thighs holding them high and wide.
With a groan, Castiel unfolds his legs and rises from the floor.  He winces when his left knee pops and his toes start to tingle with pins and needles.  Even a body less than two months old is susceptible to tiny aches and pains from everyday activities.
“Shut up, bitch,” Dean grumbles as he goes about settling Baby for the night.
There’s a thump as the front legs of Wyatt’s chair hits the floor.  Then for a long moment the only sounds in the office comes from the street.
for what he was fantasizing about as he cobbled together the power supply.  “I wasn’t expecting you to be so much like a real person,” he finally admits.
Dean blinks and looks down at Charlie. His face flushes when he realizes she’s caught him staring at Cas. “Uh… okay?”
It’s rather awe inspiring.
“You named her after a villain?”
“Do you know where we are?” Castiel asks after wetting his mouth with barely a sip from the canteen.  It does very little to clear the gritty sand from his mouth, and doesn’t touch his growing thirst at all.
When Sam’s touch disappears, so does the memory.  Castiel snaps back into the moment.  “What kind of books do you like, Sam?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The shrill guitar riff of his ringtone jerks him awake, and he curses out loud at being pulled out of an intensely pleasant dream.  He clings to the tendrils of the dream, trying to recapture the feel of Castiel’s lips.  The second ring makes him groan.  He’d forgotten to set an alarm.
Guilt stabs through Dean, and he grimaces into his coffee cup as he fills it.  “I didn’t chase him off, did I?” He spoons some honey into the cup, stirs just enough to get the coffee swirling, and then turns to lean against the counter, mug cradled in his hands.  “I don’t really hate him, he just pushes my buttons, and you know I’m the kind of asshole who’s gonna push back.”
“I’m sorry?” Castiel asks, as he blinks away the unpleasant memories.
“That’s what I’d like to know as well,” Kubrick grumbles.
A bitter wind comes up, and Dean pulls his hat low over his face as he gazes into the distance.  Cas is resilient, and smart.  And Dean will continue to believe he’s alive until he finds proof otherwise.
For a split second Castiel doesn’t move, which is fine because Dean didn’t mean for the kiss to move into sexier territory, but when he does react he goes from zero to sixty almost immediately.  His hands go straight to Dean’s ass, hauling him against Castiel’s body and grinding their hips together.  He deepens the kiss, parting Dean’s lips with his tongue.
Dean tenses in anticipation, but the deputies pull their guns from their scabbards in preparation for anything he might try.  He tries not to grind his teeth in frustration as they come in and force Sam face first against the wall so they can bind his hands behind his back.  Just to be a contrary bastard, he keeps his tone jovial.  “What’s the matter, Kubrick?”  Afraid we’ll try to make a break for it?”
Protesting over his name will do him no good.  His teeth grind at the idea of giving even an inch, but he knows the battle is already lost.  He’ll focus on better strategies for the rest of the war. Instead, he addresses the other part of Winchester’s statement.  “Aren’t I supposed to be relying on you? You are the guide. I’d say I’m the one with something to worry about.”
Dean glances away, and Castiel decides he’s far too tired to think about anything--Dean related or not--right now.  He makes his way to his bedroll and climbs into the blankets.  He wiggles around a few times, trying to eke out a comfortable nest in the rocks and dirt, but he freezes when Dean’s voice rings out.
In Heaven he’s…. still just a nerdy, dorky little guy.  Trenchcoat? Check.  Crooked tie?  Dean’s taught him a dozen times to tie it right, but the lesson never stuck, and it still hasn’t apparently.  Dark messy hair, and too blue eyes?  Oh yeah, that’s all still there.
“I wish I could tell them I feel better now.”  Her large brown eyes swim with metaphysical tears as she watches her parents mourn.
While they’re talking, Dean feels a vibration against his leg where it’s pressed up against Castiel’s.  They shift apart enough for Castiel to fish his phone from his pocket and check the Caller ID.  Almost immediately he hits ignore and shoves the phone back in his pocket.
“I won’t leave him,” Castiel announces stubbornly.
"She's very beautiful."
“That’s much more useful when it’s full,” Dean says as he steps down into the room.
(She says, even as she plans her next story, because she's a LIAR.)
Dean is already tugging at Castiel’s clothing.  They could dismiss it with a thought, but they’ve both spent far too long with humanity, and enjoy the trappings of physicality.  “It’ll be the most holy, after I make you see god tonight.”
Castiel frowns, unsure where this hostility is coming.  But he gestures at the mule tethered with his own horse at the other end of the corral. "Maybe it's packed with Samuel's belongings…"
It occurs to him that Castiel is hard against Dean’s hip.  Because Dean wanted him to be turned on by fooling around, but also because he enjoyed it even though he wasn’t aware that he should react with physical arousal.  And when Dean asked him to tone down the nerd-speak he immediately complied, with complete sincerity.
They listen to each other breathing for a long time.
Stroking himself slowly, he wishes it were Dean’s dick in his hand instead.  He wants to see those pretty green eyes burning with lust.  His hand moves faster as he imagines it.  Would Dean’s eyes grow darker?  Would he bite his bottom lip the same way Castiel is currently biting his own?
“Yes,” Castiel says.  “It’s very dangerous, and he’s not always as careful as he should be.  I am fortunate that he allows me to accompany him to protect him.”
“Dean!”  Castiel scrambles over to where Dean lies, still half submerged.  There’s a dark trickle at his temple that boosts Castiel’s fear.
“I did.”
“Sam has called me C-3PO as well,” Castiel says as he shrugs out of his robe.  He folds it neatly and sets it on the bed near his unused pillow before turning back to Dean.  “I don’t understand the significance.”
The quiet admission brings Sam’s head up in surprise.  “That’s… good to know, Cas.”
“Ruby was her name,” Sam says so quietly that Castiel can barely hear him over the crackle of the flames.  “She told me that I could use it to save lives.  And to rescue Dean.  And I did.  I could concentrate and burn demons out of their hosts without killing the human.  I could hurt the demon, force them to give me information about where Alistair had taken Dean.  They couldn’t lie to me while under my power.”
He hisses softly and flinches away from the water at first, but then he relaxes into it with a sigh.  “Fuck, that’s good.”
Castiel turns away from his scrutiny of the knobs on the old fashioned gas stove, and pins Dean with his unnaturally blue eyes.  “I did not enjoy some of the aspects of my work, and some of my clients grew angry when I questioned their orders.”
“It was slaughter.” Dean straightens up from his crouch near the river and approaches Cas.  The Pinkerton looks like he wants to move out of Dean’s way, but his head comes up, blue gaze stubborn despite a flicker of unease.  Dean wonders if it’s from the history lesson, or something else.
) to get a few hours of sleep.  Castiel resents every interruption, but he grudgingly listens to Dean’s reminders that he’s not an android anymore and his new squishy body needs sleep and food.
Twenty-one minutes and nine seconds.
“I didn’t say…” Dean’s eyes unfocus as he trails off, and he gulps nervously.  “Did I?”
After being out in the bright noon sun, Dean’s eyes take their time adjusting to the dimness again, but he can make out a man standing next to Kubrick.  And he can tell by the way Kubrick has his arms crossed over his chest that the deputy is very unhappy with whatever is going on.
“To the lawman who hunts demons and eats peppers!” Cesar says jovially, raising his mug for a toast.
The sheets and thinner second blanket on the bed will service his needs for now, so the dusty top blanket gets set aside for washing later.  Then he turns his attention to unpacking his belongings.
into it--at least I thought he was--and I expected...” he doesn’t finish the thought, and he practically radiates jilted lover vibes.
Hearing his name makes Castiel feel weak with relief.  “Yes, Dean. It’s me.”
There’s something in his voice that Castiel doesn’t recognize, but it makes something deep inside him curl into a knot of tightly-wound heat, and his breath catches in his throat.  His skin tingles where it contacts Dean’s, and he wonders what it might feel like to press into those hands.  To feel their unrestrained strength on the rest of his body.
His brother speaks up.  “Do you know where Dean might have gone?”
But something like love?  Maybe Castiel is programmed with a Boyfriend Experience, and whatever is broken in his coding that gave him sentience is using that as a template for romantic feelings as well.
“No, Cas, don’t do that,” Dean interrupts.  He doesn’t know what’s wrong with Castiel’s dad, but if he’s this freaked out about it, it’s something urgent.  A couple days is too long.  “There’s an airport a few hours north of here.  I can give you a ride, and you can be in Boston by tomorrow.”
Then his brain catches up with what Castiel just said.  “Wait, you have a BDSM database?”
“As a brother,” she responds.
Dean helps him into the truck’s passenger seat, and pulls a pair of sunglasses out of the glove box for him.  Castiel accepts them with a grateful smile and slips them on, even though the sky has grown gray with the impending rain.
“Maybe I am just God’s Hammer.” His voice is muffled by Dean’s shirt.  “And this battle against my baser nature has only one inevitable end.”
Monsters are real.  He has yet to see one himself, but he believes.  He looks at Sam, sitting cross-legged near the fire, calmly preparing dinner.  And a glance at Dean reveals a man who is comfortable with the world around him despite the fact that he’s hunted things that most people believe only exist in stories.
Dean laughs.  “Shut up, you know what I mean.  Anyway, I’m minding my own business and out of nowhere Bobby says--” he lowers his voice, imitating Bobby’s rough drawl, “--‘you know you can bring that Benny boy around for dinner if you want’.  Next thing I know, Sam’s telling me he’ll still love me if I’m gay, and Bobby and Rufus are talking about their own relationship… it was like a goddamn intervention.”
Fear and exhaustion makes his hands shake.  “No!” he screams at the wolves.  “I won’t let you have him!  Do you hear me?  I won’t!”
Dean only nods.
So updates are going to slow down as I rewrite this into longer chapters.
Dean’s shoulders relax and he chuckles.  It’s strained, but it’s an improvement, and Castiel will take it.
Castiel is perfectly willing to let Dean drag this out, but there’s an urgency that he normally doesn’t experience filling him.  He wants--
Dean casts a bashful smile at him, but doesn’t comment further.
Dean looks like hell warmed over.  His hair looks like he’s been tugging at it, his skin is too pale, and there are lines of strain around his bloodshot eyes.  But the dimples of discontent around his mouth disappear when he meets Castiel’s gaze, and a smile spreads across his features.  It’s like the sun coming out from behind a bank of dark clouds, illuminating Dean’s eyes and revealing the young, freckled man behind the shadows.
Just looking at Cas makes him want.
Once his brother has one end locked around a wrist and the other around the door handle, Sam lets out a breath.  The cuffs may not hold him long, but it will hopefully be enough.  “You’ve got the vamp blood?”
Dean has always been in favor of finding another way.  But right now, following Jameson on his suicide mission is the best option he’s got before him, until he finds it.  “You don’t leave me much choice, Mr. Jameson.”
The hospital is bustling with activity as Castiel makes his way to his father’s room.  Visiting hours outside the ICU tend to be much busier, and he has to dodge several families going to and from the rooms of their own hospital-bound loved ones.  As usual, he finds his mother sitting at his father’s bedside.  Unlike when Castiel first arrived in Boston a week ago, his father is awake and sitting up in bed.
He pans his flashlight across the frightened faces, but none of them are Castiel.  “God fucking
He slowly rises to his feet, sheathing the knife, and tucking the rosary in his shirt pocket closest to his heart.
Taking the comment as permission, Dean grips the denim and pulls, extending the rip all the way to Castiel’s knee.  He freezes at the sight underneath.
Dean looks down at the spirit of the child gripping his hand.  In the last days of her life, her body was thin, and ravaged by sores.  In death, she’s beautiful, practically glowing with the the power of a young soul that hasn’t dimmed from a long lifetime of use.  “They might,” he answers honestly.  “But not forever.”
With one last gentle stroke through Castiel’s hair, Dean says “yes, you do.  Goodnight, Castiel.”
“Nope, quit it.” Dean tights his arm around Castiel’s shoulders.  “We’re gonna get Sam, get out of here, get some cops to pick up that piling steam of shit, and go home.  You can self flagellate when we’re back at the bunker and the walls are thick enough that Sam doesn’t have to listen to us shouting at each other, and then have wild make-up sex.  Capiche?”
“More than two men can handle,” Sam hisses back.  “You need me.”
“Nothing to be sorry for,” Dean says.  As if of its own accord, his thumb brushes up under Cas’ rib.
Dean wonders what that depth of feeling for another person is like.  He’s never been in love before, at least he doesn’t think so.  There was one person he’d gotten serious enough with that he thought it might have been love.  He’d spent one happy year with Lisa and her son Ben, but when he’d been deployed, the calls had grown fewer and farther between.  Until one call, in the middle of the night for him and while Ben was still at school back in the states, they finally admitted that what they felt was only friendship and attraction.  The next time he was stateside, she helped him move into his own place.
Before Castiel can agree, the room pixelates and reforms.  Their new location is a small sitting room, with two large chairs angled toward a fireplace.  He takes a seat in one when Gabriel plops down in the other.  They wave away their masks, since they don’t have to keep up appearances.
His hands are sore from where the reins rubbed them raw, so he carefully takes the cup with the tips of his fingers.  It’s almost too hot to touch, but he takes it eagerly when he gets a whiff of coffee.  He takes a careful sip, and sighs with pleasure over the thick brew.  Maybe a tad on the sludgy side, but just the way he likes it.  He barely tastes the willow bark.  “Thank you, Samuel,” he sighs when he lowers the cup.
His fingers tighten against the mattress as he tries to reconcile the opposing thoughts.
Moaning at the flavor of
Sam’s lips twist wryly.  “Overprotective as fuck?”
Dean would be proud of him for knowing that particular idiom.
Not that either of them would have the inclination, or the breath, to do so.  They share wordless agreement to not look a gift horse in the mouth, and keep climbing.
“You saved my life a time or two.  They’re payment for a debt.” Before Cesar can protest, he adds “And I couldn’t take care of them myself, and I wanted them to have a home where they’d be treated right.”
The man, Desmond, goes rigid and stares up at Benny with wide eyes.  His biocircuitry starts to blink erratically.  “Benny!  H-hey, my friend it’s b-been a long time.”
“I’m partial to blue polish,” Castiel responds in his best deadpan.  “Especially on my toes.”
He’s still trying to decide whether he should confront Dean now or if he should wait until they’re done when Pamela’s giggling trails off.  His ears strain for any clue as to what they’re doing, but all he can hear is the indistinct murmur of their voices.
Castiel frowns.  “Didn’t you create me this way?”
Black Eyes snarls and reaches up to grab the front of Billy's coat.  The dead outlaw wobbles in the saddle, like a puppet cut loose from its strings.  Then his coat gapes open, revealing the blood stained front of his shirt.  He sags and his body slips sideways out of the saddle, landing in the mud at Black Eyes feet.
stop?
Castiel reholsters the gun and waits for further instruction.  Dean steps up next to him, and in a move almost too fast to follow, he draws and shoots.  He empties all six chambers in quick succession, hitting every target that Castiel had put a bullet in already.  If Castiel didn’t know better, he would expect some sort of magic is enhancing his speed.
“Here!”
He looks to Sam who stands stoically near on the river’s bank.  At Castiel’s questioning glance, he nods.  “They still roam the land.  For them there is no life, their families are dead.  There’s only revenge.”
“I see.”  That would certainly be an explanation for the need for discretion.  The way this man describes the missing person makes Castiel suspect he might have tender feelings for them.  If the men are lovers, it wouldn’t do to make the affair public knowledge by bringing the case to the main offices.
“What?” Samuel nearly sputters, “Dean, no I’m not letting you--”
“Ash,” the man says with a lazy grin that Castiel is certain comes from the faded scent of weed in the cab.  “But you everyone calls me Doctor Badass.”
Castiel jerks around and gapes as Sam rides into the little clearing, leading Dean’s Appaloosa and Castiel’s gelding.
“Cas is right,” he says.  When Cas whips his head around to gawp at Dean in surprise, Dean gives him a wink then turns his attention to Rufus.  “We have a chance to get rid of Alistair for good.  But we can’t do it without your help.  We need the Colt.”
real.  Sincere.  Profound.
bullshit, Dean is too warm to sleep despite the climate controls whirring away, just soft enough that he can practically hear a pin drop through the paper thin walls.  At least that’s the excuse he’ll give if Sam questions the bags under his eyes the next morning.  His medical nanites are doing their best to keep up with the damage he’s doing to himself through lack of sleep, but they’re running low on resources and have stopped working on cosmetic issues.
anyway?” Gabriel grumbles.
Doug gives Castiel a confused look.  “What an odd person he was.”
It’s too much and just enough, and Castiel hauls Dean over the edge with a hand on his dick and a filthy slurping suck right at the head.  He arches over Castiel, holding him in place with hands in his hair as he tries desperately to keep his eyes open so he can watch his come splash over Castiel’s lips and chin.
Castiel’s gaze is piercing, and Sam feels like they’re in some kind of staring contest.  Which Cas will win since he does’t blink.  Thousands of calculations are being made behind those mechanical eyes, and Sam can only hope Dean’s right that Castiel isn’t going to eventually decide the Winchesters are no longer a benefit to him, or worse, that a sleeper program doesn’t suddenly activate and put them all in danger.
Dean scoffs.  “He’s a greedy asshole, and stupid to boot.”
“Evil people exist on all levels,” Dean murmurs.
Grunting in non-agrement, Dean shoves more food into his mouth.  At least he gets a resigned sigh instead of an argument.  But Sam’s still sitting there with his floppy hair and his puppy dog face, and Dean knows he still wants to talk about something.
“Literally in the flesh.” Amara spreads her arms wide and wiggles her fingers.
He swings a fist and knocks her gun away, but she turns into a hellcat, attacking him with fingers curled like claws and tipped with strong nails.  He throws his arms up to protect his face.
Sam straightens in his seat and leans over the table, craning to make eye contact with Dean.  “Wait, back up.  What do you mean he’s dreaming?  How is that even possible?”
Another small burst of giggles rattles through Castiel’s body again, but he grins through it.  “Good,” he says.  “I feel good.
Since his brother isn’t in his bedroom, Sam has a few expectations of how he’ll find Dean and Castiel.  The best case scenario will involve everyone wearing clothes, and Dean cheeky with glee while he teases Sam with details he doesn’t want to know, and worst case will be the ultimate mental scarring of walking in on them loudly fucking.
“Because I told him,” Sam says at Castiel’s back.
“They’d die?” Castiel guesses.
“I need you to tell me when to come, Dean.”
“There’s a lot of things I wish for,” Castiel responds, but he doesn’t elaborate which makes even more question marks pop up around Sam’s head.  Instead he drops the subject and throws Sam for another loop.  “I’m glad you’re back, Sam.  I missed you.”
Gabriel’s golden gaze lifts and he stares at Castiel with an unreadable expression.  “You’re moving out of the bunker?”
The fever returns late in the afternoon, but Castiel follows through on his earlier threat and ties Dean into the saddle.  He forces him to drink water constantly.  It’s impossible to pack him in the snow filled skins unless they stop, but each time they pull up to rest, he fears he won’t be able to get Dean back in the saddle again.
There’s no more of Dean’s body to wash without pushing him away to reach his chest, but Castiel doesn’t do so, instead running the cloth in circles between Dean’s shoulder blades because he can feel the muscles relax more with each pass.  “And you believe you shouldn’t want to have sex with me?”
“Maybe after a few more drinks,” Castiel says to Jo, even as he continues to soothe Dean with the stroke of his palm.
Jo >>
The heat and pressure of Dean’s hand becomes the center of Castiel’s awareness.  He can still feel the water pounding against his shoulders, and the cooler air against his front.  He can feel the firmness of Dean’s muscles as Castiel’s fingers tighten against them.  But at the same time, all of that falls away, and all he cares to feel is the building heat and tension in his belly and his cock.
“You want to buy a drink?” the barkeep asks bluntly.  By his tone it’s clear Castiel won’t receive any information for free.
“Yes,” Castiel says with a crooked smile to convey the humor he finds in the situation now that it’s less fraught.  “Those are my sentiments exactly.”
“How have you been, dearie?” she asks when their laughter fades out.
Castiel shakes his head, and wishes he hadn’t said anything to raise Dean’s concern.  “No you didn’t.  I just thought of something I wish I hadn’t.”
Sam makes a noncommittal sound.  His eyes follow the spirits being led to their next destination by Dean’s reapers.
By the time he’s finished the burger and is contemplating how many fries he can manage while still finishing his shake, Ellen and Jo are busy giving each other the cold shoulder and not paying any attention to him.  Ash is singing off key to the radio as he fills the salt and pepper shakers, and muted clangs and clunks from the kitchen keep him aware of Benny’s presence in the kitchn.
“Shhh, it’s probably just Jo.” The warmth of Castiel’s hand is still seeping into Dean’s ruined skin, and it gives him something to latch onto to keep himself centered.
He thinks about what it would be like.  To sit in the passenger seat of the impala, driving anywhere they want to go.  Maybe eventually they could even point the car towards Boston.
He doesn’t know what disturbed Dean about his action, but he isn’t concerned about it.  The errors stop as soon as he sees the usual green-gold of Dean’s eyes, and he labels his reaction as “relief”, since he has no other word for it.  “They are no longer necessary,” he says as he tucks them into the pocket of his khakis.
Dean’s eyes flit up to his face, and his blush deepens, but he doesn’t look away.  “Oh yeah.  Like writing our names together in my notebook kinda crush.”
“He’d just gone down to the bodega for some soy milk,” the man says, wiping again at his teary eyes.  “The shop owner said he never arrived.”
Dean remembers Cas like that.  He’d found it frustrating at times, and amusing at others.  Now he just misses it.  “Did he say where he was headed?”
“Dean and Sam Winchester,” he drawls.  “If you’re here, I assume you’re bringing trouble to my door.”  That last is spoken while looking directly at Castiel.
Sam’s digital voice is thickly laced with humor.
It was damn good seeing Bobby.  And he’s already itching to go visit his parents.  To check in on Rufus and meet his wife.  As soon as he can, he’s going to head back and get a
“Ah, not exactly.” Doc has a slow, deliberate way of speaking that somehow makes him sound even more ancient than he looks.  “I retired long ago, but I will always be a doctor, and I help when I can.  I can usually reach people here before an ambulance can.”
When Dean’s palm squeezes around the head of Castiel’s cock, his hips twitch again and a high pitched noise escapes his throat.  “I-I… Dean…”
He doesn’t want to examine the knot of warmth that grows inside him at the thought.  Now is not the time.  If there ever is a proper time for such things.
To prevent himself from slipping back under, he decides to talk.  “Shouldn’t you be at work?”
Movement from the corner of his eyes brings Dean’s attention around again.  Castiel pushes the curtain to the side and steps out of the small room.  He holds his hands out to his sides, his eyebrows lifted in question.
He would bring Cas bluebonnets.  Because their color reminds Dean of Cas’ eyes.  He would take Cas there.  Lay him down on a thick blanket of blue velvet petals, and make love to him under the sun and sky.
Dean stares off in the direction of the spring and chews a thumbnail.  “Maybe I should go find him.”
Dean takes in his condition, and his expression turns worried.  He sets his drink down on the ground next to his chair and comes closer.  “Yeah, of course man… but are you okay?”
Besides, the motel bed is bigger than Dean’s, and comes with a lot more privacy.  Dean has an open door policy at his house that his friends and family all take full advantage of.  And instead of asking them to knock it off, Dean has started spending time with Castiel at the motel.
Sam, ever the bratty little brother even when pushing forty, smirks.
“He’s such a bag of dicks,” Sam sighs.
She turns red up to the roots of her hair when Dean, Sam, and Eileen all stare at her with sagging jaws.  “What?” she demands as she hunches down over her plate and fiddles with the pickle trying to escape her sandwich.
It takes a few seconds for Dean to realize that not only is he standing there just grinning like an idiot and not making a move to actually start breakfast, but he’s also drifted closer to Castiel.  So much for teaching him about personal space.  Clearing his throat, Dean backs up and hooks a thumb over his shoulder to indicate the fridge.  “I’m uh… just gonna get what I need, okay?”
He refuses to let his thoughts turn that direction.  Castiel is making him a promise, and Dean is going to believe him with every part of his being.  And if worse comes to worst, he’s going to accept whatever choice Castiel makes.
Castiel tucks his chin against his chest, and eyes Sam sheepishly from under the fringe of his lashes.  “I’m sorry my grasp of idioms is so rudimentary.”
Lore was named Normandy in the original story.  The Normandy was the main character's space ship.  I thought about naming the cat Baby after the Impala, but since he still has the car that wouldn't work.  Then I was watching SPN, and they were talking about The Lore, and I was like ah yes, that's her name, thanks guys ^_^
“I’m sorry you had to put up with that,” Dean says when the door swings shut behind them, cutting down the music’s volume to a soft rumble and leaving them finally alone together in the silvery light of a half moon.  “I’d say they’re normally not like that, but it would be a bald faced lie.”
“Pace a little faster, Sammy,” Dean grumbles as he turns back to stare at the ceiling above him.  He shifts in a vain attempt to get more comfortable on the hard stone.  “You might whip up a breeze in here.”
Blue eyes narrow at Dean, and damn if that isn’t somehow even more attractive.  “One that will save you and your brother’s life.”
Nodding, Castiel whimpers another plea for mercy.
He rests a hand on Dean’s arm and leans far into his personal space, until their faces are almost touching.  It forces Dean to look at him, and only him. “You have allowed me to make my own decisions since we first met.  It’s why I trust you. Why I care so much about you.” Dean’s eyes widen and he sucks in a small breath at that admission, and Castiel knows he has, as Dean would put it, 110% of his attention.  “Are you planning on no longer treating me as a real, equal person now?”
Castiel leans into the kisses.  “I love that you let me.”
Dean hums.  “Whatever, bitch.  Just be careful.”
“You might wanna shake ‘em out first,” Dean calls over his shoulder.
The crowd parts for the deputies and their charges, but they aren’t silent or passive.  Their jeers and insults come from every direction.  Dean holds his head high, and focuses on his destination, wrapping his pride around him like a cloak.  They may be ignorant of what he’s done for them, but these people are safe because of him and his brother.  He’s a goddamn hero, whether they like it or not.
Castiel grabs his revolver, since he’s a much better shot with it.  He makes out at least a half dozen shapes in the growing light.  If they attack in a pack, as he’s heard that wolves often do, there will be no time to reload if he misses.
“You mean in the tactile sense?” Jimmy asks.
“Hold on!” Dean shouts over the hiss and gurgle of the river.
The confused look gets directed at him now.  “What?  Jo?” Scoffing softly, he glances back the way she went.  “She’s like a little sister to me, and she knows it.”
When he first met the angel, Sam had a hard time reading him.  He’s not sure if it’s years of familiarity, or how much closer to human Castiel has become in that time, but the grimace Castiel aims at the bloody towels that were holding in his entrails in after the werewolf they’d been hunting ripped him open with its claws speaks volumes.  It’s
“Y’all are lazy,” Dean grumbles before he gently nudges Castiel’s feet out of his lap.  “I’ll get you your damn drinks.”
Singly and in pairs, they repeatedly try to cross the water.  Castiel’s nerves grow taut as he tries to stay calm.  He picks his shots carefully, bartering for time and better light.  Again and again he fires into the pack, until the gun is empty, and then he reloads.
When Castiel releases him, Dean’s eyelids flutter for a moment before they lift.  Castiel looks just as affected by the kiss as Dean feels, his eyes wide with wonder.  And it makes Dean want to kiss him again.  And again, and again, and not just on the mouth, although it would be gratifying to stay occupied there for quite a while.  Castiel’s lips are smooth and dry, and Dean wants to see them damp and swollen, wants to test them with his teeth, sooth them with his tongue…
Eventually instead of another kiss, they tip their foreheads together and just breathe.  Castiel smells like mineral water, clean and fresh over the heat of his skin.  Dean wants to bury his nose against Castiel’s throat and immerse himself in his scent.
And there’s an AI in the body of an sex bot in his bed right now, dreaming of electric sheep.
Kevin had been telling Dean about his last call with his mother when all hell broke loose, noise and fire exploding around them.
Castiel pulls back a little to search Dean’s face.  Worry furrows his brows, but he seems to accept Dean’s reassurances despite whatever he sees.  “Will some food help?”
“You okay, Cas?” Sam asks.
Dean’s eyes widen in excitement, even though he’s probably going to have to flip a coin to decide which one to watch.  “I love you.”
The overhead dome is dark, and he’s high enough that he can see the faint glitter of false stars projected on its surface.  Up here a breeze wraps around the towering buildings, and it washes over him, bringing goosebumps up over his bare arms and shoulders.  The motel is mid-level in the city, and he can see a rainbow of lights all around.
The familiar exchange makes them both smile and Dean feels ten times better.  Even if he wants to crawl in bed and sleep all day.
“I’m sure Cas doesn’t care about human bodily functions,” Sam says with a low chuckle.  “It’s not like he has any of his own.”
If Samuel notices his suddenly darker mood, he doesn’t comment.  “No need. I have one.”
Hearing Castiel refer to the bunker as home fills a tiny portion of the gaping pit in Dean’s chest.  He rubs a hand over his face and forces a smile.  It makes his cheeks ache.  “You know what the cure for that is?”
He is relieved to learn that Sam hasn’t broken any bones, but it’s concerning that it is his gun arm that is incapacitated.  The brothers both seem to pick up on his grim mood at the same time, their smiles fading in tandem.
“Is it that bad?”
Dean spurs his borrowed horse into a run.  He’s not worried about staying concealed. He’s got the advantage of knowing these mountains, he’s explored them, both with friends and when he was with Alistair’s gang.  This isn’t the only path up to the meadows, and Dean doesn’t have to stay out in the open to get there.
He already knows what he wants, which is… intimidating actually.  This growing certainty is something he’s never experienced before, and he wonders how Castiel is tangling himself up in Dean’s heart so quickly.
When Cas doesn’t answer right away, Dean sighs.  The man can be more aggravating than anyone he’s ever known.  He rubs a hand over his face, grimacing at the grit he hasn’t had a chance to wash away.  If he wasn’t about to fall over, he’d have looked into getting a bath before getting into a bed.
“Yessir, five thousand dollars,” the sheriff says, low and threateningly.  “Double that, when that bounty hunter brings me your brother.”  The sheriff laughs and then saunters back out to the office and collapses across a bed in the corner.
Over the months they gravitate closer and closer.
Followed by “Yeah Suzie, you know jest how we like it.”
A grunt brings Castiel’s eyes up and he watches Dean get up from his bedroll and rifle through Sam’s things until he comes up with a small jar.  Surprise has him jerking his feet out of the way as Dean strides over and settles himself on Castiel’s makeshift bed without invitation.  Dean holds out a hand, palm up.  “Let me see.”
While Castiel was distracted by his thoughts, Dean had dismounted and doused his head in the river.  Now he shakes droplets of water from his hair, leaving it dark and spiked.  “A couple times in recent years,” he says, and Castiel struggles to focus on his words instead of the way his wet shirt clings to his shoulders.  “Once when the Indians were forced to travel to a reservation where many of them died along the way.  The last time was when Apache renegades followed the soldiers responsible into that canyon-” he gestures to the land stretching out ahead of them, “-and killed them all in revenge.”
When Gabriel opens his arms in invitation, Sam joins him on the pile of furs.  They align their bodies, chest to thigh, and Sam chuckles when Gabriel plants a sloppy kiss against his mouth.  “Hey, Gabe.”
“I won’t!”
“It doesn’t have to be you,” Rufus says sharply, but not unkindly.  Dean doesn’t know what his history is with demons, and he isn’t ever going to ask.  But Rufus has always been understanding, even forgiving, of Dean’s time with Alistair.
“Oh, I see,” Castiel says.  “I don’t either.”
“Yeah I know,” Dean admits, “but we’ve also given
Dean’s never really been a relationship kind of guy.  He’s tried a few times, though it never worked out, mostly because of his inability to walk away from hunting.  It’s been easier to give up on any chance at romance than to upheave his whole life.  But Castiel understands Dean’s drive to protect, and approves, wants to sign up for his own membership too, and hasn’t Sam always encouraged him to find someone else in the life?  Another hunter, someone to fight with and for.
His mate chuckles, warming Castiel again.  Even though there is no skin to skin contact between them, he’s like a pillar of fire at Castiel’s back, the sensation enhanced by the rising welts on his skin.  “That’s not an answer, alpha.”
“He’s a sneaky bastard by nature.  If he finds the information by subterfuge, he’s going to think it’s more true than anything I tell him up front.”
Dean wraps an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and he guides him out of the kitchen.  He doesn’t let go for the whole trip down to the basements, past the gym, and into the gun range in the deepest section of the bunker.  He even seems to have a bounce to his step and moves with an energy Castiel hasn’t witnessed in him since the disagreements had started building up between them.
“Sleep mode doesn’t work exactly like a human nap,” Castiel starts and then winces.  “That was another ‘figure of speech’-” he uses actual air quotes, and Sam is saving that memory to share with Dean later, “-wasn’t it?”
Castiel thinks back on all the books he’s read where the romantically involved couple shared a bed for sleep.  It’s always described as very intimate, and a sign of trust.  He understands why now that he’s in a position to do the same with Dean.
“Dean’s right,” Sam says from his other side, interrupting Castiel’s study.  “As much as I hate to admit it.”
And he did date a werewolf for a while, which their father had severely disapproved of, throwing around words like
They stay curled together as they catch their breath.  Hands, and wings in Gabriel’s case, wander in soothing patterns over each other’s skin.
“Well Amara and Jimmy should be here soon.” Chuck heads over to the monitors and looks over the data, pulling info out into 3D holograms for closer examination.  “Is Sam going to be here too?”
This time when Sam coughs, it’s from embarrassment, which serves him fuckin’ right as far as Dean is concerned.  “Gonna go put my name back on the list.  You guys have fun.”
Castiel puts his hand back under the water, and it’s pleasant, but… “Maybe a little warmer?”
Castiel’s body feels taught as a bowstring, even as it relaxes over Dean’s thighs.  The skin under Dean’s fingers feels like it’s burning, but all his pain is forgotten.  All his attention is focused on the points of skin to skin contact.
, Castiel picks up each item of clothing, carefully righting things that are inside out, holding them up and examining them.  If Dean wasn’t paying such close attention, he’d think the android’s face was completely expressionless as he examines things, but that’s not the case at all.  His eyes narrow when he doesn’t like something, which he lays neatly to one side, and his head tilts slightly, his lips pursed, when he gives something extra thought.  He goes through the entire pile, separating it into what Dean assumes are a yes pile and a no pile.
It seems odd to him that it’s been less than a year since then.
Dean is going to have that talk with Cas.  Really.  Eventually.
Taking a shuddering breath, Dean nods and leans into Castiel.  “Thanks to you.”
“Might be if he were human,” Benny says.  His jovial smile drops, his eyes going icy with threat.  “He doesn’t have long though.  Not after I get the information I need.”
“Yeah, Cas,” he finally agrees.  “And you’re welcome.”
The earnest response makes Dean snort and roll his eyes.  “Yeah, whatever.  Get to choppin’.”
Castiel frowns at the question.  Despite the obvious friendship the Winchesters share with this man, he isn’t sure he should reveal the truth behind their presence here.  “It wasn’t luck.  I hired them to assist me with my mission.”
Companionable silence falls over the kitchen as Castiel finishes his meal.  Dean refills his glass, making sure he has enough to wash down the second sandwich.  And he watches with a fond smile as Castiel licks the peanut butter from his fingers.
Sam frowns.  “What?”
The last thing he sees before he hits the ground is Sam getting sprayed too.
She sits up straight and makes a grabby hand motion at him.  “Hell yes!  Bring that over here.”
Several more men step into the circle of firelight, and Castiel stares in amazement at Cesar and Jesse, and several of their vaqueros.
That explains Sam’s presence.  Castiel knows that without drinking demon blood, his powers are very weak, but he’s highly grateful for the gift that brought him to their rescue.  “Did you see...more than that?”  He can’t bring himself to define Dean’s future.  Not when one of the outcomes is so unthinkable.
“How did you meet?”
The low power warning Castiel had set for himself begins to flash against his internal display, which means he’s got approximately ten seconds.  He’s already within reach of his cord, so it will be enough.  Grabbing the cord with one hand, he quickly opens his chest with the other, and connects it at three seconds to spare.
Sam’s focus never leaves the middle distance, but his smirk widens until his teeth are bared in a wicked grin.  “I’ll leave that to Cas.”
“He’s not completely wrong,” Sam agrees.  “But we’re stronger together than apart.  I’m not going to let him leave me behind.  Not when Alistair is more of a danger to Dean than to me.”
Castiel nods his understanding and leaves the bathroom.  He hears Dean laughing behind him, and almost turns back to find out why.  But it would be a more efficient use of his time to wait until he’s clothed and ask when he returns.
They fall back into silence while Dean concentrates on what he’s doing.  Brief flashes of other times he’s performed this kind of service make his shoulders tense, but he manages to keep his breathing even.  Soon the crusted blood is washed away, and he’s dabbing disinfectant on the broken skin.
