Sherlock tries to sit up on the sofa but slips back down again. His black curls sticking in damp clumps to his forehead. “I’ll tell you the latest government secrets.”
“That would be the most obvious deduction.” Sherlock murmurs. He rolls his eyes. Shuffles himself slightly more into the sofa. He feels bad. Guilty. It looks like Molly might be about to cry.
“You can go in now he’s...slightly better.” Mycroft moves forward and purses his lips, seemingly unsure of what to say. “He’s in a lot of pain though so...be careful.”
the fact that the two people he loves most are actually seeing him like this - the worst he’s ever been. Regret sinks through his whole body, his chest, like an unfathomable weight that's crushing him into nothing. He just wants to disappear, to vanish. To die right now so that all the pain is over, the suffering, to-
Bit by bit, email by email, he starts to shut Mary out. He sends false signals flying in all directions. Scrambles their location. Changes his password for the MI6 database before blocking her phone.
“Ooh,” Mary makes a face. “Could be a tricky one that.” She disappears outside to get another bag before dashing back in again, fumbling around.
“You…” Sherlock continues to stammer, his brain backtracking, unusually slow. “You don’t want to keep this a secret?”
The nurse steps forward, determination sparking brightly in her eyes. “Now you just listen to me Mr Holmes, I’ve seen a lot of distraught people in my time, but none as bad as those two out there. They have a right to know, ok? I’ll tell them to give you ten minutes.”
But the words feel very far away, as if she’s in a bubble drifting away from the real world. She can’t believe it.
"Please." Mycroft lowers his voice, tightens his grip on John's shoulder. "Then for my sake at least. Tell him. Tell him how you really feel, how you've
“Like what?” John looks cluelessly over his shoulder before realising what Sherlock means. “Me? What? No Sherlock your brother is about to come back upstairs any second.”
She pictures light underneath the doorframe, him standing in front of the mirror, hands braced against the sink; those dark eyes staring back at his own reflection. Motionless. Stagnant.
Not just looking at him and catching a smile every so often. No, that was normal. But glancing nervously in his direction before flicking his eyes away and staring off into the distance warily. Then biting his lip and faking a smile, acting like nothing was wrong at all.
The white walls now seem to slope inwards; crushing her. Her brain swirls with confusion, with questions. Her eyes drift to the sign on the door. 210.
But, as he stands there, with nothing but the faint sound of London traffic echoing around the empty flat, the truth is that he really doesn’t have anything else to say.
Sherlock feels the air around him get slightly warmer. There’s noise, a few movements, muffled talking. Someone’s breath is fluttering lightly over his face, his lips…
“Ok careful, careful,” John reaches Sherlock’s side and grabs hold of his shoulders. He steadies him before sliding a gentle arm around his waist and taking as much weight as he can. Sherlock rolls his eyes but doesn’t resist.
Sherlock shuffles and turns so that they’re facing each other, his expression solemn. He’s trying hard. “I didn't tell you because I couldn't, or Moriarty’s snipers would have shot you right there and then, on the tarmac at Bart’s, or soon afterwards, or even before if they suspected you knew the game. It was all worked out, John. A fake suicide was the
The atmosphere shatters like glass around them. Everything slows. Time seems to halt to a standstill, a slow motion freeze frame, just like before.
Suddenly everything slides together, clicks, with the satisfaction of a finished jigsaw puzzle or a door slamming in the wind.
The corners of Sherlock's mouth curl up, ever so faintly. Wrinkles appear at the corners of his eyes. “Yeah. That wasn’t exactly the welcome I was expecting, but you weren’t to know and-” he takes a breath. “Perhaps… there is a small chance I did deserve it.”
The piano notes tinkle as the pair continue to soar and glide across the room, always in perfect rhythm, guided by Sherlock’s strong hand, until the music gradually slows. The pace drops off as the orchestra soften their strokes, quietening the melody and winding everything and everyone down.
The nurse bursts in from behind and grabs Mary’s shoulder sternly, starting to pull. Mary doesn’t resist.“I told you, you couldn't be in here,” She hisses, “This is a private room. You need to be on the list, a relative or…”
The setting is almost unrecognisable from how it was only a few minutes ago. It’s now alive with movement. Roused with passion and emotion. Transformed entirely. It’s like a scene from a musical.
“I suppose.” John can’t help stop himself from looking over at Sherlock. Pale as a sheet. Eyelids fluttering. Cheeks damp.
“I mean…” She turns to him, choosing her words carefully. “I love you, I really do, and I love Rosie and our family together, but since Sherlock came back you’ve never really been in it one hundred percent, I see that now.”
John’s grin faded slightly. He glanced around the now darkened classroom rather shadily. The sun had now almost completely set and as their class was last period, students and teachers alike would now be setting off home. The university was now almost completely quiet, and there was no denying this kind of behaviour, just a teacher and a student alone in a darkened classroom for no good reason, was suspicious.
"Tell him, John. Please. What you've always known but never said - the both of you. He needs to hear it now."
Sherlock just looks at her gravely, staring her down. His usually pale blue eyes are dark and heavy bags sag underneath them, the angle of the lamp causing shadows to cut across his face, sharpening his cheekbones and amplifying his features, his expression. It’s the way he’s looking at her. She’s never once seen him look so drained. So serious. His tired gaze melts steadily into her own and it takes her a while to recognise the look on his face, simply because it’s so unusual. So unlike him. It’s
Perhaps he’ll never escape this. The chains are locked securely around his wrists. All the exits are blocked. This time he has no plan, no backup, and no one is coming to save him. Maybe this really is the end.
His best friend jolts at his approach, groaning loudly before producing a stream of inaudible noises. His eyes flicker open and shut again. His body contracts and then relaxes. Blood leaks from the corner of his mouth. He’s never looked so pale.
“Brother dear,” Mycroft calls from the kitchen. “I’m binning all food and anything that’s living in here, including whatever is in these Petri dishes. I don’t care if it’s for an experiment or not. It’s
“Now, I know for a fact that Mrs Hudson is in and since we’re not in the bedroom you’ll have to be quiet.”
He thinks about calling Mary, of course he does. He even attempts to plan out what he would say. How he would start…
“You do know I can’t really dance.” John continues anxiously. “This seems so posh. It’s for proper professionals, isn’t it?”
The army doctor is red in the face and panting hard, but he has a better torch at least. He doesn’t even stop to look Mycroft in the eye.
"Important?” The boy laughed, a loud haunting sound. ”Its basic first aid, all you need to do is call a bloody ambulance mate." This time a full ripple of laughter emerged from all the students, although John would bet his life that Sherlock wasn't smiling. When he spoke his voice sounded as if it was coming through gritted teeth.
He brushed it off as nothing at first, but then Sherlock did it again. And again. John had to check a couple of times to be sure he wasn't imagining it. As they were walking, just for a split second, so quick that anyone
it. She'd known things hadn't been quite right when Sherlock returned from the dead. Why wasn't John happy then? He'd been angry, initially, but even
Sherlock makes a muffled sound that resembles a moan. The position holds for a few more tender seconds, and then Sherlock starts to move back against John’s lips. Braver this time, bolder, he uses his jaw and tongue to deepen the embrace further, exploring, tasting. Pushing for something he’s never had.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter, I'm not sure the character balance is very good at the moment but that's because I'm not entirely sure what I want in my head. Once I figure out the whole story line I'll probably come back and amend these first few chapters to match. Thanks again for reading! Please do comment your thoughts and suggestions.
Also if you want to follow my work (& my general screaming about s4), then please follow my Instagram @221bsherlockfandom_
“Mm,” The detective mumbles, his head still tilted back and his eyes closed. His arm lays limply at his side.
Mary turns and moves until she’s hovering awkwardly behind John’s chair. She tries to keep her expression unreadable, her eyes blank. But it doesn't work.
"Really?” John sneers down at him coldly. “Because that's how it seemed to me. I mourned your death for two years, Sherlock, and you let me! You let me do that. You let me suffer."
Mary grinds down on her teeth, because as much as she is still sore, still bitter and betrayed at everything that’s happened, this is miserable. It’s like she’s watching their friendship drain away through her fingertips, all the memories and the happy moments vanish in front of her, overwritten by
“And, I know we’ve done other stuff but....” He groaned slightly as Sherlock moved down to his neck and began sucking at his pulse point. “I have missed your blowjobs...” He then gasped as Sherlock nipped at the sensitive skin, his breathing quickening with every movement of Sherlock’s lips.
The truth is that for once he does not know. Not even slightly. He wobbles as he rises to his feet and starts to pace frantically. Clenching and unclenching his fists by his sides.
“I think about you too.” He blurts suddenly, before he has a chance to stop himself. “That’s....” He falters and clears his throat, trying to compose himself. “...why I do the drugs. It helps. Blanks everything out. I just…”
There are over eighty Hospitals in London, but the process of elimination takes that straight down to about twenty.
Sherlock smiled faintly, seeming to understand John’s unspoken explanation. He took a breath, before clasping his hands together in front of him and tilting his head up ever so slightly, his usual confidence rebuilding itself with every passing minute. “I suppose…I should say thank you.” He said loudly, smiling at John pleasantly and flicking his hair from his eyes.
All of the hair stand up on the back of Mary's neck. This feels wrong, very wrong. What if it’s a trap?
Mary stops dead in her tracks. Her excitement shatters like a wall of glass around her. The door bangs shut.
The two of them move back further as the paramedics drop to Sherlock’s side and position him on the stretcher. They’re all talking, communicating. So quickly; their deep voices echoing like rocks sinking to the bottom of a deep pool. Within minutes they’re carrying Sherlock out of the room.
Sherlock mimics John’s emotional tone, “Well I just can’t believe we’re still having this conversation, John. It’s dull. Really dull.”
up here. She’d seen her baby photos a few times briefly before, but only ever on the computer. The first time was when John was hurriedly trying to find her a picture of her mother, Mary, to take into school for Mothers day. Of course, she’d known about her then, aged eight, though she didn't really understand. When the time was right, Daddy had taken her aside and told her very gently that Mummy had left them to go to heaven when she was young, and that’s why she had two daddies now instead, who love each other very much, although he did say he loved Mummy very much too when she was alive, and that he still misses her.
“Yeah I’ll...oh I don’t know...” Mycroft watches as John clicks open his phone. He doesn’t mean to see the screen but he does.
“John,” Sherlock reaches out and touches John’s shoulder. “It’s ok, I understand. We were both angry. I wound you up, even.”
The noise and surprise of the door flying open stopped everything and everyone dead in their tracks. The first thing John’s eyes fell on was a very alarmed Sherlock, draped across his desk, arms outstretched, reaching for his papers. The boy who’d clearly been doing all the talking was stood in front of the desk, holding them high above him.
“I’ve been to the Royal London Hospital and Mile End, no sign. No one knew anything. Black curly hair and a short blond, right?”
“But when... I...” John can’t stop himself from running back over everything in his mind, back to the day at the restaurant, when they saw each other again. “I... I hit you...I pushed you to the ground and… on your back…that must have been excruciating.”
He unclenches his fists and lets his head slump forward as the final wave of drowsiness overtakes him.
“Of course I meant it, Sherlock.” John interrupts, his fists clenching tightly at his sides. “I meant every word ok? Every. Damn. Word.”
Mark bends down to open his medical case while he continues. “Now I understand from your brother you’re already experiencing some early withdrawal symptoms. Could you outline them briefly for me?”
“No,” The word leaves Mary’s mouth automatically before she even has a chance to stop it. She scoffs lightly and resists the urge to roll her eyes, trying to hide the storm of panic building on the inside. “Just tell me.”
He looked confused and John wondered if perhaps that had been a stupid question, but then Sherlock’s face cleared and he looked back down to his work. “It's a small part of a big project, I just wondered if you could go over several sections, seeing as you're the medical expert.”
They keep tidying and cleaning until eventually the flat is nearly exactly how John remembers it. Characteristically chaotic, but not unpleasant. Eventually, Sherlock stops complaining about it all and falls asleep.
“I'm sorry too, Sherlock.” He murmurs as his fingers curl into the other man's hair, their foreheads resting gently against each other. "I'm sorry too."
The other boys were stood in a rough semi-circle around John and Sherlock, and in this ridiculous situation John suddenly felt awfully outnumbered.
Many thanks must go to Kate (bigblueboxat221b), who has been an excellent beta and helped me everytime I was having a crisis about the plot. I would also like to thank everyone on Instagram for their wonderful support and encouragement. I probably wouldn't have made it this far into the story if it wasn't for you.
“They’ll call an ambulance,” Sherlock pants, turning his head sharply from side to side to try and clear the image of Jim from his mind. But it isn't working, nothing is, and Sherlock can’t help but yelp and whimper as Jim starts to creep closer, his nose now only inches away from Sherlock’s lips. As he grins, his fiery breath brushing like hot steam over Sherlock's face, scalding it, Sherlock swears he can taste spearmint.
around them. People fall into line; start swaying to a certain rhythm. Everyone is on the dance floor now, and the couples at the far ends swirl each other under their partner’s arms.
Sherlock flinches. Mycroft’s voice cuts through him, sharp as a razor. It strikes right at the core, strong enough to rip through anything, through ice.
he still wants to, but somehow, now that they are actually here, with John on top of him and the lube only an arms reach away…the prospect seems quite daunting.
John sniffs. His mouth does indeed feel very dry. He wets his lips. Blinks. Twiddles his hands noiselessly in his lap. Whole minutes pass.
“Here so,” Sherlock smoothed out the slightly crumpled paper and pointed at a large paragraph of messy writing. “In this section I'm comparing the time it takes for bruises to rise on the skin before and after death...amongst other things related to that.”
“No, no it’s… fine.” Sherlock blinks rapidly, scared by his own reaction to such an innocent gesture. He bites his lip and tries to compose himself, gripping the edges of the chair harder and breathing heavily. “You didn’t spook me. I just don’t feel…” He bites his tongue
Sherlock's grip tightened on his hand. He let out a tiny gasp before slanting his eyes and beginning to lean in also.
“STOP!” Sherlock sobs, his chest rising and falling sharply as he thrashes and tries to push John’s hands away from him. “We’re not the same! You know nothing about me...” The words trail off as he keels over in pain, turning on his side and clutching his knees to his chest.
He hears John come back up the stairs and go into the kitchen. Moments later, he comes through the door.
John stood dead straight, his body tense and rigid, apart from his head which was cocked slightly to the right, mainly from the shock of the utterly bizarre scene he was witnessing. He tilted his chin upwards, fists still clenched, and set his coldest eyes sternly on the boy with Sherlock's papers.
There’s a short silence. Some of the tension leaves John’s face. He rubs his eyes, takes the flowers from Sherlock’s hands.
Another awkward silence fell over them and John regretted the question instantly. Noting also that Sherlock had addressed him as ‘Sir’ instead of using his name. He could almost kick himself under the table. He’d knocked down that small ounce of trust before it had even been built.
But the nurse is already reaching for the door handle, the light casting a shadow across her face as she steps outside into the corridor and shuts the door promptly behind her, leaving Sherlock alone in the room.
Hello, it's been a little longer than I said but not too long! This chapter is a lot more interesting than the previous ones (I think) so I hope you enjoy it!
“Right…” John sits and processes this information for a while; blood still running in fierce laps around his brain. Still, questions haunt him.
“I think I’m fine.” She manages at last, pushing herself to her feet. Everything shakes as she moves. Throbbing with pain. The adrenaline is off the scale.
Dread enters her system like a deadly poison. The adrenaline is now starting to wear off. Every muscle in her body screams with pain. She licks her thumb and wipes some of the blood from her forehead, wincing as she does so.
“Oh my…” The words get mumbled with the torch in his mouth. He drops it to the floor and pulls out his phone to call an ambulance.
A horn blares suddenly. The front wheel of the bike twists out from beneath her. Brakes screech and squeal, so loud the sound deafens her eardrums. In an instant everything turns very slow, surreal, yet unbelievably quick at the same time. She looks up just as momentum throws her body from the bike. The engine growling as her foot flies from the clutch. She falls sideways into the road, flipping and rolling in mid-air, her elbows grating the tarmac, and travels roughly two meters before crashing to a halt at the kerb of the pavement. The screeching lorry sails past milliseconds after. It’s huge industrial wheels just inches from her face. The exhaust fumes fill her lungs.
She can see them getting closer and closer, their relationship blooming by the photo, their smiles getting brighter. A tear slips out of the corner of her eye.
“Earlier!” Mary retracts her arm, instantly defensive. “When I was trying to find you. You both just disappeared and no one was answering their phones. I thought you were in danger, John. I thought this was serious.” She glares between them. “Why weren’t you answering your calls? What's happened? What’s going on?”
They both strain as Sherlock lifts himself from the bed once more and tries to stand. His legs tremble beneath him, quivering like jelly. His head sags weakly on John’s shoulder. It takes an enormous amount of effort just to stay upright.
"Sorry, sorry, I'll shut up now" John breathed, his focus completely lost again at Sherlock's actions.
The atmosphere is tense, cold. A lamp swings monotonously from a pole above, sloshing him in pale, dim light. John steps forward.
The feeling lasted slightly longer than normal, and John relished in in, letting it flow over him. Until slowly he felt the low thrum of reality reform around him. Sherlock was slumped over his stomach, with one of his arms curled into John's side, his chest still fluttering slowly as he recovered.
Sherlock splutters as blood from his face starts to dribble across his lips. He can almost feel his right eye swelling.
“No, don’t” Sherlock whispered, reaching out and stilling John’s hand. “Just stay quiet.” He reached over to the corner of the desk and flicked the light off quickly.
Everyone waits. Still, Molly stands in the centre of the room. Her knitted scarf dangling, pink cheeks blazing. Awkwardness spreads itself over them all like a spider.
She sits back and looks for another album but as expected there isn't one. Perhaps after that year John stopped taking photos, or maybe he simply forgot, or they're all on a computer somewhere. She’ll never know. At this point she’s pretty sure there’s nothing left to see but she checks the bottom of the box anyway, and, face down at the bottom, are two photos she’s not sure she’s looked at, with some writing scrawled on the back of them.
Mycroft almost rises from his chair, anger jolting through his body like an electric shock. “And what?" He snaps. "Is that supposed to get you brownie points?”
Everything goes into the rucksack. Passport, socks, a torch, nappies for Rosie - wait - her mind races, is she going to take Rosie? Molly would probably look after her. But for how long? And what does she give as the reason?
Minutes ago John would have jumped in front of a bullet for this man, but now he just wants to punch his lights out, to hit him until he
Surely no one in history has taken this amount of drugs and survived. No one. Sherlock must have known it was suicide to do so. Is that what they are witnessing here? An attempted suicide? For
“No,” John whispers, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face. “He’s only just stopped. He seems to be talking to someone, in his head, he’s tripping.”
But shouting only seems to make it worse and his mind decides to crank up the tricks. He suddenly sees Moriarty’s pale face flash before his eyes, far too close. There’s bright red blood leaking from his mouth and dribbling down his chin. His eyes are completely black, bottomless pits. And when he grins, there's parts of a human heart in his mouth.
Rather taken back to say the least, John shook it, lightly. It was a gentle touch, yet it affected the older man in a way he certainly wasn’t expecting. Sherlock's hand was so delightfully soft and warm. John could almost feel the warmth spread up through his arm and his chest. His heart began beating at double speed. His breath began to quicken. The handshake was still happening. They were
What did you think? Please let me know! Thank you ever so much for taking the time to read my work at all, it really means a lot to me.
Hello! It's only been just over a week since I updated - I'm improving! I really hope you enjoy this, I spent a very long time on it. I can't decide whether I'm proud or massively embarrassed. But each time I feel insecure I just reread all your lovely comments and it keeps me going, so thank you so much for those. Especially to all my crew on Instagram. I value your support more than anything. Anyway, enough rambling from me. Enjoy!
, John tells himself, repeating the words again and again in his head until he forgets how many times he’s said them.
Sherlock hesitated quickly, looking around once more as if Hamish was about to magically appear. "Perhaps." He whispered.
They were in Paris, more specifically, Montmartre square, perched outside at a corner table in a quaint cafe; one with outdoor seats and pretty red umbrellas.
"Because you went away!" John cries, the rage tearing through his veins like a forest fire, making his voice tremble. "You disappeared, Sherlock, for two years. Just off on your own little adventure, and I moved on, of course I did- I-”
Suddenly, it seemed Sherlock decided for him. He sighed quickly, withdrawing himself and stepping back, dropping his hand from John's shoulder.
“Shh,” John reaches out and presses a finger against Sherlock’s lips. “The answer is yes.” And with that he finally leans in and closes the gap between them. His hands slide into Sherlock's hair. Their eyes close automatically.
The woman’s voice fades into the background as Mary lets herself be dragged back outside to the narrow corridor.
The crackle of a radio. Incessant beeping. Someone’s hand on his shoulder. A face comes into vision, twisting and hazy. Shaved blonde hair.
“Hm.” Sherlock looks up reluctantly and tries for the faintest of smiles. “I think Mrs Hudson has some Morphine downstairs.” He smiles at Mary’s stunned reaction. “Yes, I’ll be fine.”
John’s shirt has now joined Sherlock’s on the floor. The moaning accelerates. Everything shifts into a higher gear. Sherlock’s hair keeps falling into his eyes. John notices at some point that they are both shaking, grasping at each other feverishly, almost childishly. Desperate to feel every inch. Experience every sensation.
Sherlock gulps as John trails off. A part of him wants to reach out and take his hand, to trace delicate circles across his skin. But he’s too far away, and he hardly has the strength.
“Oh.” John drops his arm instantly, a fresh wave of hurt flickering in his eyes; genuine sorrow. He steps back. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I didn’t mean to spook you-”
John's head snapped back up in surprise, but all he saw was the smallest glimpse of the back of Sherlock’s head as he darted out of the room.
Sherlock’s hands curled around the perfectly wrapped present that John had just presented him with. He held it up, studying it carefully, before lifting it to his ear and giving it a light shake.
John keeps his gaze fixed on the contents of the window too, watching the grey London buildings as they pass by. Not once does he try and catch Sherlock's eye. He twiddles his fingers pointlessly in his lap, his back straight, legs hunched and tense. Sherlock’s eyes dart back and forth quickly, watching, observing all these movements in detail.
Hello! This is one of the happiest things I’ve ever written, and funnily enough I’ve really enjoyed it! You can find the song that Sherlock and John dance to
“Oh,” Sherlock pulls his black Belstaff coat over his shoulders and turns the collar up, ready to step out into the night. “That doesn’t matter anymore. I just wanted to ask if I could kiss you, but we’ve done that now.”
As the song goes on they move across the hall in circles, sweeping loops, the lights dipping and whirling as the music echoes and bounces off the walls. The melody is all encompassing. It coordinates every moment, controls every action and gesture.
“I was so worried about you,” She chokes into his hair, her arms moving to wrap firmly around his back. “So worried,” She releases her grip and dives in quickly for a kiss, but John pulls away; his gaze suddenly transfixed on the cut on her forehead, on the dried blood running past her temple.
“Christ,” John gasps and steps back. It’s like his world has turned upside down around him. He can’t stay upright. “Fuck, Sherlock I - what the hell?”
She’s hijacked vehicles before, all kinds. But as she gets closer she sees it's not even locked up properly, the steering is not even correctly set. The owner must have left it in a rush. It is parked outside the A&E department after all.
“I know I should have told you.” John continues through gritted teeth, “Before the fall, before Moriarty, before any of that. But I always presumed you weren’t interested and when I finally realised you were...it was too late.”
“I’m sorry.” John is saying, mumbling, babbling, trying to get closer to her. He presses his hands down firmly on her shoulders. “I’m so sorry. We both are. It wasn’t supposed to be like this-“
“Why didn’t you tell me?!” John demands, nearly shouts in fact, still standing beside the bed. His hands have curled into tight fists.
Or, perhaps Sherlock walked away as soon as he handed John the note because he couldn't face the possibility of the scene going the other way, and he suspected it would.
Sherlock eats like he hasn’t seen proper food in weeks, which, if he’s honest, isn’t so far from the truth. He gulps down his tea and crunches on his toast enthusiastically.
He takes several long deep breaths, and wipes away the sweat starting to collect in droplets along his hairline. John is leaning forward and talking to the driver, but Sherlock zones out. He finds his gaze fixed on the car window, on the hundreds of tiny raindrops dotting the glass. He watches them reflect and glitter in the light as the car starts to pull forwards, off into the apricot dawn.
Once again,  her mind wanders to Rosie, and her vision of the departure board blurs as she loses focus. She misses her already. The feel of her tiny body in her arms. Her hands, her smell. What is this trip? And how long is it going to be? What if she misses something vital? Like Rosie’s first steps. Worst of all, what if she gets herself killed doing something stupid and Rosie never has a mother to remember.
"Only if you want to!" Sherlock spluttered. "I just saw a couple back there and, I thought maybe you expected it... now that we're sort of...oh god actually never mind." He finished, the slightest pink starting to form on his cheeks.
to stop his words from coming out in a stutter. “You…” He cleared his throat, “You know what they say about Paris…”
John waited for Sherlock to speak first but to his surprise the younger man remained silent, only fiddling with the rim of his jacket.
“Oh good,” Mrs Hudson’s face clears, and she smiles once more before disappearing down the stairs to the kitchen.
Because his brother is as white as a ghost, a sickly pale. His cheekbones hollowed out and angular. There’s puffy white bags under his eyes.
“I’m only going to do this if you’re a hundred percent sure it’s what you want, ok? And you can stop me at any time if it’s too much.”
She makes her way back through the hospital; using her phone to try to hack into the MI6 database and track Mycroft’s movements - or Sherlock’s. She gets into the hub of GCHQ and gathers countless CCTV footage and begins to trawl through it. She checks local news reports, twitter,
Sherlock's dark eyes bore into his. The nerves start building on the inside. His breathing is quickening. Hairs are standing up straight on his back. He tries to calm himself by focusing on the physical sensations around him - the feel of Sherlock's breath fluttering across his face, his lips. The crinkled sheets beneath him. Sherlock’s hand resting on his jaw, his palm soft against his cheek; warm too, not pale and cold like it was the first time he touched it. A heated feeling starts to settle in his stomach. His pulse thumps. They're
“Okay, well, thank you for telling me Molly. I’ll take her. Are you sure you don’t mind dropping her off?” he pauses, embarrassment and stress flicking over his tired features. “Yeah, I’m sorry about Mary, she can be a bit...you know. Yeah don’t worry it’ll be fine. I’ll see you in a bit, bye.”
“Of Serbia. He finally intervened and prevented me from being tortured to the point of execution. Still, it took him long enough though, as is now
John whispered the name under his breath, studying it, admiring it even. It was so unique and striking, he’d never heard of anyone else with that name and he doubted he ever would. Maybe his parents had known what an uncontrollably marvellous force the boy would turn out to be, how unusual, how brilliant. But, maybe they just wanted him to be like that, people do say you grow into your expectations.
In the second his back has been turned Sherlock has shuffled upwards and propped himself up higher on the bed. He’s nearly undone all the buttons on his shirt; leaving it to slip down from the pale rounds of his shoulders. His belt buckle is unfastened too, revealing a fraction of hip and the grey rim of his boxers. He looks like a terribly exhausted, party undressed, dishevelled mess, but something about it makes John’s chest jump.
He slips his hands in his pockets and watches the world go by in the car window. London looks as lovely as ever, the rain painting a faint rainbow against the clouds, sunlight shining through and catching in the puddles. Perhaps this is a new beginning.
And all of a sudden they’re doing it, he marvels, looking down at his own feet in amazement. They’re actually dancing together with everyone else.
Sherlock takes another shallow breath. He looks up in the hope of catching John’s eye but he still hasn’t moved from the kitchen. He faces away from them, unmoving. Yet the tension in his arms and the slight tilt of his cheek tells Sherlock that he’s listening intently, ready to intervene at any moment.
“Just…” He has to pause for several seconds to stop his voice from wavering. “Just tell me one thing Sherlock, and
"Yes" Sherlock replied, pulling her closer so their whispers weren't so ridiculous and they could speak in hushed tones. "And you were about to give it all away!"
“But it doesn't mean I don't…” John narrows his eyebrows, looking away as he searches for the right words. “...
“Stop.” Mycroft says, his voice suddenly deadly serious, almost unrecognisable. It cuts through all the noise in the room like a shard of ice.
But the words hardly leave his lips, because now he’s panting and grinning too, and the ability to speak evades him. He gives up and lets his fingers curl around Sherlock’s as they continue to drift across the dance floor. They move effortlessly, easily, twisting and striding around each other, always together as one unit, blending into the crowd, slipping past everyone else.
Sherlock grinned before chuckling again and a moment passed before the laughter died away naturally, silence slipping between them once more. They both smiled at each other shyly before looking away.
There’s a telling silence, and after a moment John steps forward. He tries for a small smile. Eager to help. Trying to put everything behind them. “It’s fine, Sherlock.” He says lightly. “I don’t mind.”
The smallest whimper escapes from the army doctor's lips. He brings his fist to his mouth and bites down hard, tries to shield his eyes with his elbow. He’s
The signs indicate clearly where she has to go. She passes room 187, 188, and calculates she needs to take two more left turns and climb up a flight of stairs.
Maybe after a tense moment John whispered "I'm sorry too Sherlock. I'm so so sorry" before pulling Sherlock tightly into his arms.
It’s like nothing John’s experienced before. To be with someone like this, to feel them so intimately. It's not like Mary, not like any of the girlfriends he’s had previously. There's just something else with Sherlock. Proper chemistry. A connection. A fuse that’s been waiting to blow. It's as if there's electricity between them, pulling them together. Two stones striking for a spark.
Mycroft nods again and rearranges his hands in his lap. He feels completely numb. Unable to find the words to speak.
John’s presence. It's like a blanket that smooths everything out, a dressing to heal his wounds. Calm him down. He feels
“Yeah.” Mary stands still for the first time since she got there. Her eyes fill with tears but she blinks them back. “Everything’s fine.”
Sherlock breaks from his trance and opens his eyes, letting them wander casually across the small hospital room. It’s cramped and cluttered. Stocked with various different treacherous material, with distractions. He studies their surroundings, marking out all the exits and escape routes. Two windows, one door, and outside that he doesn’t know. He shakes his head lightly - it won’t do. This place, this room, Croydon University Hospital, it’s so far from his normal patch. His area of knowledge. They have no contacts or connections here. No one other than Mycroft who could tie things up if they got sticky. Everything is unpredictable, uncertain.
"Oh Sherlock" She cooed, her facing lighting up and practically glowing with pleasure. "He'll love it!"
And when they step outside, and Sherlock is asked politely by the photographer to step out of the photo, because,
Sherlock moved his arms down so he was holding John more firmly on his lap, with one of his hands sneaking down to grab John’s arse. He leaned in close to John’s ear again, his voice becoming low and rough. “And what would I have to do then? To
“Well then!” Sherlock proclaimed, suddenly pulling back from John’s neck. “That, John Watson, is what you shall get”. And with that, he placed his hands on the rounds of John's shoulders and pushed with such force that before John had a clue what was happening, Sherlock had pushed them both roughly off the chair, meaning they fell forwards and tumbled onto the floor. It would have hurt, but Sherlock calculated the move perfectly, swiftly thrusting his arm under John’s head at the last moment, thus protecting it from the hard floor.
It gets tucked into the waistband of her trousers. She confirms the name of the contact who will help her get through border security in her head before tapping the fake passport in her pocket. Her rucksack slides over her shoulders.
The photos come to an end and she opens the first proper album. Here the images seem to move inside, to their private lives, to the very flat she’s still sat in.
the first groan slips from his lips. He rolls them over, pushing Sherlock down hard against the bedsheets, tangling his fingers in those glorious soft black curls.
“Well I would've tidied if I'd known this was going to happen,” Sherlock grumbles, following his gaze. He frees himself from John’s grip and stumbles over to his chair unaided. “No point most of the time though. It’s been at least a month since you were last here.” He kicks a suspicious looking package out of sight with his foot.
John sighed quietly, a quick flash of relief crossing his face. Perhaps Sherlock wasn’t actually annoyed.
John looks back up. His eyes now misty. His voice comes out as nothing more than a whisper. "But you don't understand... it's too late for all that, Mary's my wife. We have a child together now."
The man himself was buzzing, radiating with nervous activity as he dragged them back onto the French streets and in the direction of the case. They were headed to the south side of the river, but, as they marched straight past the famous monuments and through the charming squares, John had pulled at Sherlock's shoulder and insisted that they stop for at a café for a drink.
“Alright,” Claire types something on her computer. “I’ll put the prescriptions through, and…” She clears her throat delicately. “What about yourself?”
It’s the same words, spoken the same as before, but different. Darkness has started to close in on Sherlock from all directions, all angles. He feels trapped inside a cage, a dark room he’s long forgotten the way out of. It appears there’s no escape. Shadows of unknown figures start to flicker in front of him, all laughing. One by one the outlines start to resemble everyone he’s ever cared for; Mycroft...Molly... John…all telling him to hurry up and get on with it. Their words strike him like bullets.
Time slows down, switches to slow motion. John shuffles on his feet and clenches his jaw, as if he was having to physically squeeze the words from his throat. A single tear drips from his cheek. “I love
Three words drip down steadily from somewhere above. Like dust settling on books or delicate drops of rain tapping the floor. They travel steadily through the darkness, like a record stuck on repeat. They’re coming from a desperate voice, a familiar voice. Surely it can’t be…?
Hello! I must warn you that this is very dark and violent. Please don't read if it might upset you - I don't want to do that to anyone! Enjoy!
John dashes forwards. Sherlock is lying face up on a mattress in the corner of the room. He’s shaking uncontrollably, hands trembling at his sides. John’s first thought is that he’s having a seizure. He’s never seen anyone so drenched in their own sweat.
She holds her hand out towards the road. A cab looks as if it is slowing but then promptly drives past her.
John releases his grip on the kitchen counter and straightens up, exhaling loudly. He takes a few unsteady steps towards them.
Mycroft looks away and shakes his head ever so slightly. His nails dig sharply into his palm, hard enough to leave bruises. “No one can handle that Sherlock.” He hisses through gritted teeth. “Not even you.”
“You two. You’re so in love it's ridiculous." Mary mutters. "I don’t know how I didn’t see it sooner - didn’t guess.”
what’s going on. This can’t continue. She has to get answers; right now. She has to see John again and kiss him, she-
John helps Mycroft clear up the flat until it starts to resemble something of a living room again. They draw back the curtains, wash the plates in the kitchen, sweep up the broken glass. John makes a careful pile of the things Sherlock insists really have to be kept for cases, while Mycroft goes around with a bin bag and throws everything else away. Together they hoover, dust, disinfect, polish. Mycroft even finds a screwdriver and fixes the broken bathroom door handle. About an hour or so in, Mrs Hudson comes up the stairs and makes them all tea.
“I’ve promised I won’t.” Sherlock finally replies. He raises his head, solemn, the arrogance behind his eyes gone. “This is the last time. And erm, I’m sorry, I’m sorry you think I overlook you. I don’t.”
She passes through another door and spots the room she’s looking for. 210. It's located in a narrow corridor, littered with a few worn chairs. There's a nurse with mousy brown hair standing outside the door.
John’s fist swinging towards him. Mary’s eyes when she realised her two best friends had betrayed her. Mycroft's face at the hospital.
“Oh my god Sherlock.” John said, breaking away from Sherlock momentarily in a desperate gasp for air.
The words come out far too quickly, and in such a jumble, that he’s not sure she will have been able to understand them. An immediate silence follows.
John smiled quietly to himself as he set out his things. It was a lovely evening, late summer, and the sunset shone beautifully through the bay window. The peachy light decorating the insides of the classroom with a delightful orange.
most of the moves. They are the steps Sherlock’s been teaching him right from the very start. Has he been planning this all along?
Mycroft clears his throat and stands, as if to show her to the door. “I’m sorry you had to see this Molly, but we’re doing everything we can for him. There’s probably no point you hanging around.”
He pushes up and trudges to the bathroom, returning promptly with enough paper for both of them. They clean up quickly. Sherlock tosses the tissues in the direction of the bin and flops back down into the pillow, exhausting hitting him with the same enormity as the discovery of gravity. John hesitates, still stood.
Sherlock threads his hands together in his lap. He hesitates for a moment before looking across to John. “Fine. That might not be so taxing.”
They struggle on, John using his grip around Sherlock’s waist to help push him upwards. They take the stairs up to 221B very steadily, one at a time. Sherlock has to stop them at least twice, clutching onto John and shutting his eyes as black dots start to appear in the centre of his vision.
The music drops to a flirtatious pace, the final verse, and John smiles graciously as Sherlock holds up his hand and twists him under his arm. They encircle each other slowly, moving closer and closer until they find themselves pressed up against each other, the music comes to its climax and-
It was really late when I wrote this. I personally think it's a bit not good but people seemed to enjoy it then so I thought I'd try and touch it up a little and put it on here so it's not wasted. Enjoy!
A quiet grin broke out on John’s face, and funnily enough, it was that same smile that seemed to follow him as he journeyed home that evening; escaping out onto his lips at several intervals. Although, to tell the truth, he wasn't quite sure why.
-” Sherlock groans loudly as John dips a hand under his boxers and wraps his palm around his cock before beginning to stroke, his hand moving in slow, precise movements. “Positive.”
“Well that makes one of us.” John crosses his arms and sighs with relief when Mycroft renters the room. “He’s gone silly, Mycroft.” He says, gesturing to the mess of a man on the sofa. “Is that supposed to happen?”
“Yes,” Mycroft replies anxiously. “Of course. I’ll err...try not to be too long because obviously you know, you - you two need to-”
“It did...” Sherlock whistled coolly, sitting back in his chair and crossing his arms in a stubborn pose, topping it off with a confident flick of his hair.
“I don’t want to be that person, ok? The person who suddenly loses it and fucks it all up. I am not that person.”
"Ah." John managed, looking away quickly. “Good.” There was another stiff pause between them. Sherlock shuffled before turning slowly as if to leave.
Sherlock moans. He whimpers. But the sounds get swallowed by John’s mouth. He’s insistent, moving against Sherlock now, grinding his thighs up against Sherlock’s clothed body, rutting against him, desperately trying to find some sort of friction.
“I'm fine.” Sherlock replied cooly, his facial expression indifferent, and his eyes still firmly fixed on either the floor or the wall opposite.
The photos are starting to get more personal. Evidently the hits counter on John’s blog was rising at this point, hence the publicity photos. There are the first ones with Sherlock and his iconic deerstalker. It's proof of the passing of time: they are now an established pair of crime solvers. The next few photos seemed to be stamped with the trademarks of various newspapers.
Claire sighs. “Well, if you’re sure rehabilitation won’t work, at the end of the day I can only advise you. So, as long as you’re certain I can authorize a new course of medication today and set the process in motion. He will have to be visited frequently by a healthcare professional though, and I think there needs to be a serious plan of action for mental health support too. Some kind of therapy or counselling or-”
Relief settles lightly in Sherlock’s stomach. Now supported by two people, not one, he finds he barely has to put any weight on the ground. Slowly, the pain starts to recede and becomes numb. Bearable at least.
“What did you have in mind?” John murmured, his voice also dropping in pitch and his eyes flickering down to Sherlock’s lips which were now alarmingly close to his own.
“I know it's...not that.” Sherlock waves a dismissive hand in John’s direction and takes a deep breath. Without further hesitation he flattens his palms on the edges of the chair and forces himself upwards. Quick enough that John isn’t able to stop him.
“You’re an absolute dickhe-” John began but Sherlock suddenly cut him off with a tender, affection filled kiss. While John had moved Sherlock had gently put the present down on the floor so now he could use both of his hands to cup John’s face as they kissed, with his fingertips beginning to slide gently though the light tuffs of John’s hair. The kiss was a passionate and gentle one, and Sherlock let it continue until he was sure he'd relaxed John completely. With a final smooth swirl of his tongue, Sherlock pulled back slowly, opening his eyes once again and gazing at John fondly.
He listens attentively as the nurse suggests they should see Sherlock one at a time, lets Mycroft go first, and gulps nervously when the elder holmes promises not to be too long. Soon he’s watching Mycroft take one last breath and step through the door.
He can. Sherlock can feel his whole body shutting down; finally giving up on him. There's the faint pull of his muscles relaxing, a twinge as his nervous system begins to disintegrate. His eyes roll back into his head. He’s slipping away.
AA so many feels! So much suspense! I hope it was good and not annoying. I'd love to hear what you think!
She moves round to the front of the chair and sits without hesitation. The sound of her own heartbeat thumps thickly in her ears. She can almost feel her expression falling, breaking, the cracks beginning to show. Her façade is deteriorating fast.
Sherlock can tell from the squeak of John’s chair that Mary is sitting forward and trying to get a better look at him.
A hard slap across the cheek. More freezing water thrown across his bare back. His hair pulled viciously to reveal the wide expanse of his neck, pale and smooth. His adam’s apple strains as he gasps for air and pulls desperately against his chains, his skin twisting and burning as he moves. The sharp metal cutting into his wrists.
“Mary....” Sherlock whispers, his eyes darting, calculating. Still replaying everything over in his head, the fall from Barts, his return. John’s
“Umm,” John stands and walks around to the end of the hospital bed, looking for a chart or a notice, anything with some information, but there’s nothing. “Me?”
Sherlock is watching him nervously. Still lying back helplessly in the hospital bed. His eyes are misty.
“Oh...um...” Sherlock wishes he could interrupt and change the subject but for once he has nothing to say. This has come from nowhere, caught him off-guard. “John…”
John moved back an inch, slightly startled. Out of all the weird questions Sherlock had come out with before, not one of them had been about drugs. Drugs weren’t really related to the course in any way.
“Oh,” She rushes towards him but then hesitates. Goes to lay her hand on his forehead but then remembers herself. “What is it? Flu? Did you catch something from one of your experiments?”
Mycroft takes a small breath. “No, I just...I thought I’d lost you for back there- last night. John and I both did. And you cannot imagine…”
"Erm..." Sherlock looked away awkwardly, avoiding John's eyes and doing the face he always did when he was trying to act in control but actually wasn't.
He tries to picture John's face. The dimples in his cheeks when he laughs, the gentle touch of his hand on his shoulder. He imagines the gleam in his eyes when he finally returns. How bright his smile will be when he explains that it was all for him. And that they can be together now,
“Oh…” He smiles pleasantly as John approaches, a genuine smile, his pale blue eyes flicking up and down and absorbing the entirety of John’s appearance in an instant. “Well, you look…” He struggles for a moment, “good.”
She doesn’t know why she’s actually pretending she has a choice. She doesn’t. Half of these locations wouldn’t work. Not only does she have to think logistically about survival and money, she also has to consider Mycroft’s ability to track her. The last thing she needs is her majesty’s secret service on her back - again - the fact she’s a retired assassin and recent motorbike thief aside.
mutual resentment. It could fill books or entire museum galleries. All of it feels just simply impossible to address. The air conditioning hums faintly above them. Neither of them actually know where to start.
John strains his neck, as if finding the right words was causing him pain. “I’m not leaving...what I said…”
“There’s a car outside,” Mycroft announces as they reach the entrance. “I arranged for there to be clothes too, so you can change.”
But neither of them notice, because at that very moment Sherlock finally musters the courage to move forward and close the gap between them. Their eyes shut instinctively as he presses their lips together, softly, gently. For the first time. It's like connecting the final wire. Solidifying their relationship, whatever it is, to something
“Well.” John considered his choices carefully, his thought’s flowing through his mind in a relaxed manner, spurred on by Sherlock’s very evident eagerness. He cleared his throat, trying hard to keep the small ounce of shyness from creeping into his words as he spoke. “It’s been a long time since you’ve given me a blowjob...”
“Here Sherlock, wait-” John gently pushes Sherlock's hands away and nudges down his boxers. He takes his own cock into hand and sighs softly, before moving forward and taking Sherlock’s too, holding them together in his hands. There is no problem with friction, they’re both wet with precome. He starts to move.
“Oh, really it was nothing.” John replied, willing the blush that was already beginning to creep onto his cheeks away.
The sin went on until John was panting loudly as Sherlock fucked him with his mouth, the oh so elegant bastard would swirl his tongue teasingly around the tip before suddenly increasing the pressure and swallowing nearly his entirely length once more. John let himself get lost in the feeling, letting the warmth flood over him as the easy heat flowed through his veins. It was absorbing him whole and now his mind was blurring and he was beginning to feel lightheaded.
He shudders. He doesn’t need help. He’s fine. He’s always been fine, well for the most part anyway. He learnt a long time ago how to cope with the majority of his emotions. Much like Sherlock, he is able to shut off the right ones when it is convenient. It helps with the work. You can’t have a heart at the centre of the British Government, you need a brain. You need logic. Reason. Give up two agents for the release of thirty hostages? Done. Let a bomb go off in Iran to conceal the knowledge of vital British intelligence in the embassy? Fine. It’s not pleasant, it never is, but he can sleep at night. He’s the Iceman after all, isn’t he?
“I've got Rosie downstairs, she's asleep bless her. Mary dropped her off and said it was urgent? I-”
what's happening, and he intends to keep it that way. He only has to hold it together for that little bit longer, throughout the big day, and then that’s it.
The sickening sound of a sob feels breaks out from somewhere behind him. Mycroft has finished on the phone and is sat back on his heels. John doesn't need to shine the torch to know there’s tears streaming down his cheeks.
“Don't be absurd.” Sherlock snapped, cutting John off and finally looking him sharply in the eyes. “I’m not being bullied or anything, if that’s what you think.”
The pharmacy is quiet around him, and for that he is grateful. He needs the peace now more than ever, and he’s always particularly wary of the press in times like these. After all, there's only so much he can control.
The elder holmes gulps. "Oh come on, don't make me say it. It's obvious, isn't it? There's always been something else, ever since the beginning. Tell him how you feel about him!"
Relief gushes through her, like a rush of cold water. The realisation stings. He’s safe. He’s alive.
The bearded man is moving closer, grinning. Slowly, carefully, he drops to his knees and positions the knife underneath Sherlock's chin, forcing him to tilt his head upwards. They're face to face.
White noise rings out into the silence. Specs of something that feels like dust drift over John’s face. Splintering in his eyes. Drying out his mouth. It tastes of dirt.
“Alright” He replied knowingly, the corner of his mouth turning up in a small smile. “But you know I don’t appreciate surprise’s John.”
There was talk from Sherlock’s still surprisingly large fanbase that the flat could be turned into a museum, but she’s too not sure about that either. They have enough people trying to snoop about their personal lives as it is, and she’s not ready. Not yet anyway. Maybe after everything’s had time to settle. One day far in the future, she thinks, maybe.
At that very moment three loud knocks echo along the hallway and up the stairs. Sherlock straightens up immediately, snapped from his trance. “Mycroft.”
“Well um,” Sherlock leans back in his chair and undoes the top button of his shirt, looking slightly embarrassed. “I feel very hot, for a start. And shaky, lightheaded and a bit...sick.” He wipes a layer of sweat from his forehead.
John squares his shoulders. It wouldn't take much to take the bait right now, hardly anything in fact. There’d be no trouble mustering up the courage or the strength, no hesitation before he swung forward.
Mycroft says nothing, does nothing, except for pull the door closed silently behind him and cross slowly to the other side of the room to where a small green chair is waiting. He sinks into it heavily. Sits quietly for a moment before crossing his legs and threading his fingers together in front of him.
I wrote the majority of this while I was, myself, sat outside having a drink in a French restaurant (although sadly not in Paris). The dialogue just kinda appeared in my head and I decided to keep rolling with it. In my mind, this is set sometime after the Blind Banker and there'd have to be some kind of romantic build-up that's already taken place for it to work, but I guess it doesn't really matter. Like all of these though, I don't think it's very good...there are so, so many flaws but I thought perhaps you might like it anyway. Enjoy! :)
But Mary has stopped listening. She looks past the woman distractedly, over to the carnage of the motorbike in the road. The world is still blurring slightly at the edges. She speaks her thoughts aloud. “I need to find my phone.”
John shakes himself awake sharply and sits upwards. His phone is flashing and vibrating on the dresser beside him. He grasps for it clumsily.
The song finishes. Everything goes silent and Sherlock halts suddenly, his whole body freezing in John’s arms. Panic flashes momentarily in his eyes. His confidence falters. Their lips are only inches apart.
Sherlock calculated they had 2.4 seconds until Mrs Hudson greeted them with her untimely presence but because John had spent too much time fiddling with his belt it would now take him 3.8 seconds to pull up his trousers and successfully do up all the buttons. Confident with his own appearance he strode up to the door and pulled it partly open just as Mrs Hudson was about to touch the handle.
John pulls back, his eyes wide and teary. He hesitates just inches from Sherlock's lips, lets their noses brush softly together.
how he feels. Everything he’s kept locked and hidden from the world for the last four years. All the waiting and the hoping, the looks and sly hints, the
He paused mid-sentence and glanced at Sherlock, who was sat in the corner, hardly saying anything at all. John guessed he must be bored, and wasn't really surprised. A PowerPoint about how to address open wounds was incredibly basic stuff and more than a little dull. In fact it would not be illogical to assume that at least 90% of the students were only here so they could add another thing to their CV. The other boys appeared completely oblivious to Sherlock’s unusual silence, and perhaps presence; as they joked together at the far back of the room, chucking paper at one another and laughing as they pleased.
John wipes his eyes and takes steady breaths in and out. It feels like the ground is about to vanish beneath his feet.
He gulps. What will it be like seeing that beautiful body swirling around him later? Alive with movement, with sensation?
Oh god it’s John. His beautiful, desperate John. Running his hands all over his chest, stroking his face, pulling back the hair that’s clumped together on his forehead. How on earth did he get here? How did he find him?
Sherlock rolled his eyes and unfolded his arms, his voice adopting a sarcastic tone. "I thought this class would be more
No, the quiet life she had is gone. Sherlock took it from her. So now she can either sink slowly in the quicksand or fight her way out before it’s too late.
“That would be advisable.” Mark replies, “Methadone can cause extreme drowsiness and slowed breathing, which is most likely during the first few hours and when I increase the dose for the second time.” He straps the blood pressure instrument around Sherlock’s arm and takes the reading. “Hm, still a little high but that’s to be expected. Your temperature is high too but not dangerously so. I think we can continue with the treatment.”
He glances across to his phone on the bedside table. He could start with his brother. What would please him? What would he want him to do?
“I crashed a motorbike,” She finishes at last, her voice calm, eyes placid as she finally meets her husband’s gaze. “I was stupid.”
Her heart jumps suddenly. While thinking she's flipped the next album over in her hands and unwittingly read the title. Her heart thuds. '
John stops pacing and finally sinks into the tired green armchair beside him. He sighs heavily before dropping his head into his hands.
“Um,” Sherlock turns his head, eyebrows raised. He looks lost, baffled and bemused all at the same time. “I don’t think this level of confrontation really suits you Molly-”
Sherlock stopped the next protest that was formed on John's lips by engulfing him in another incredibly passionate, heavy kiss. Sliding his lips over John’s in such a graceful way (He was a quick learner anyway but after being with John for year he’d more than perfected the art) that John couldn’t help but moan helplessly into Sherlock’s mouth, using his hips to grind up against Sherlock’s hand which was already rubbing and stroking at his hard cock through his trousers.
“Sometimes we work so well,” John is saying, “We do. But other times... I feel like I hardly know her at all.”
Suddenly to Sherlock's surprise John thrust his hands into his hair again and pushed him faster. Sherlock remarked that there was now the slight annoyance of being out of time but he decided to go with it because he knew it was what John wanted and he was secretly pleased his teasing had finally made John completely lose his self-control, a rarity in the bedroom actually.
The nurse nods her head, causing a single strand of hair to fall in her eyes. She turns sharply in the direction of the door.
The room goes quiet, peaceful, and John has only just sat down in his chair and put his feet up when his phone rings.
John found it hard not to be slightly ashamed for he could hardly control them. Which was odd because he’d always been a man with a natural sense of authority, but here it just didn’t seem right to try and assert it. He was 26, only a couple of years older than the students himself and only a part time lecturer. The boys didn't take him seriously, and he wasn’t exactly about to embarrass himself by trying to make them.
John reads the text message several times over. Making sure he unpicks anything he might have missed. His phone trembles noticeably in his hand in front of him.
Sherlock wipes the remnants of a tear from his cheek, looking up and meeting John’s gaze as he continues to speak.
His heart gives a thump from deep inside his chest. Once, twice. Soon warm blood starts to flow through his veins. It’s all happening so fast. Bit by bit the dark room is getting smaller, the light is expanding; growing more and more by the second. He begins to hear things, feel things. There’s someone touching his face, someone’s forehead pressed against his. It’s not Moriarty, not this time. It’s someone
Sherlock shuts his eyes. He is still falling down the hole, failing to get a grip on the slimy guilt-ridden walls. This is all his fault…
He won’t be able to handle it if Sherlock dies. Not for the third time. Especially not when he awoke with that feeling earlier and carelessly ignored it.
The army doctor curls his fists. His knuckles are starting to turn white. An ugly sort of strangled sound escapes from his throat.
John forces air to inflate his lungs. He shuffles so he's back at Sherlock's side. Places his hands on the detective's flaming cheeks and tries to calm his movements, but as he does so he accidentally nudges something light with his foot.
“Although Lestrade can be very tempting also. And sometimes Molly, although she rarely sees the funny side. And Mycroft, god, did I tell you I once snuck into his apartment and moved all of the furniture just five centimetres out of alignment? I nearly died laughing. He was livid. I taped his reaction and sent it to-”
John didn’t mean to freeze, dead still, fist clenched around the door handle, but somehow it was instinct. Like a rabbit caught in headlights he stopped outside the classroom door, because suddenly he realised he could hear loud talking and shouting coming from the boys inside.
The last three years turn over and over in her head. Memories rotating like a falling coin. Still, she cannot figure it out.
"He is, he's a complete pushover. Can't control us at all." The jeering voice of another student replied, his laughter ringing out across the classroom.
“Although…” The slightest smirk appeared at the corner of Sherlock’s lips. “Your intervention was quite welcome.”
“Err yes,” John hesitates at the end of the bed, still unsure of what to do. “But that was a while ago...” He watches as Sherlock tears off the plaster holding the needle in his arm and starts to pull it out carefully. Strangely, the sight of it makes him wince. “...when they weren’t sure if you were going to wake up. They didn’t tell me anything actually and - are you sure you should be taking that out?”
The nurse drops her hands and steps back. Sherlock wishes he could read her face but he can’t turn his head far enough. The tone of her voice says all he needs to know anyway.
Sherlock tightened his arms, curling into himself before muttering. "I shouldn't have bothered coming. You’re not even pleased to see me." His tone quietened on the last sentence, as if he had said one thing too many.
Sherlock’s knees get pressed into the bed. His arms move to wrap around John’s waist. And of course, the army doctor has never been one to waste time. Efficient as ever, he pulls Sherlock in for another kiss. Deep and filthy this time, all tounges and teeth and sharp edges.
John tilted his head, didn’t Sherlock understand? He ran a hand through his hair slowly. “I uh, you don’t need to...defend me.”
“Because, err…” John narrows his eyes and sits down on the edge of the bed. “While I was downstairs I was thinking for a moment and, I wanted to say I’m really sorry for last night.” He clears his throat. “
Her eyes drift automatically to the contents of the living room window. The lights are on but the curtains are drawn. Her chest suddenly grows tight. A new set of nerves flood her system.
Sherlock smiles in return, relief crashing over him in waves. He’s surprised at how happy this has made him, at how much better he feels. It only strikes him now how lost he was before, how lonely, without even realising it. He grins.
"Hey!" John reached out and pulled softly on Sherlock's shoulder, slowing them both to a standstill. "Are you...alright?" He rubbed Sherlock's arm lightly before dropping his hand.
“Please, no!” Sherlock begs, the words falling from his mouth in a jumbled blur, echoing loudly off the empty concrete walls. “Leave me. Leave me alone!”
Panic rises and falls in her chest. What if John isn't fine? What if Mycroft is lying about that too? What an earth has happened that she can't be part of?
The older man straightened himself out a little and looked towards Sherlock, studying him carefully. Despite his persistent question asking, the peculiar boy was certainly still his favourite student in the class, the smartest too, by far. But the other boys didn't like him, even in his short hour courses he’d noticed that. Whenever Sherlock started to speak they would often tell him to shut it. For a second John wondered if that was why he always stayed behind to talk to him, but on second thoughts...he doubted it, he was hardly very interesting
But then, something flickers alight deep inside him. Something dark and dangerous. He pictures John touching his cheek, tracing his fingertips across his skin. He imagines what it will be like when they first interlock fingers, the first time they say they love each other. The images burn within him like a fire, like gunpowder, and suddenly he finds himself smiling darkly. Without thinking he flicks his head up and spits deliberately in the man’s face, his saliva landing in a string across the his cheek.
“There’s gravel.” He murmurs as he inspects her elbows. “These cuts need to be cleaned or they might get infected.” He sharpens up. “Why the hell were you on a motorbike? Where? When?”
She tilts her head backwards and blinks, twice. Tears starting to collect in the corner of her eyes. Her head aching. There is a lot to decipher from that message.
“Yeah alright, alright, shh,” John whispers, pulling her into a quick embrace to stop her from upsetting herself any further. He runs his hand gently down her back and tilts his head towards her ear. “You know, I think we might just sort it out now.”
“I’m alright, a bit wet actually, um, it’s raining outside.” She tries to look past John to the living room. “I gave Rosie to Mrs Hudson if that’s okay, but um, I just wondered if Sherlock is in?”
“Um, yes.” Sherlock’s voice comes out muffled because of the food in his mouth. “Not sure if there is any though-”
The rain is getting harder as dawn breaks, steadily turning from drizzle to shower. The water patters on the floor and flattens her hair, starting to drip down the nape of her neck. She shudders irritably and walks further forward, away from the entrance of the hospital to the pavement beside the road.
And then it all hits him, like a bullet. Sherlock feels as if he’s just fallen off a cliff, down a bottomless pit; an abyss. Guilt isn’t the right word. Devastation swallows him whole, like a liquid black and sticky. It poisons his insides. He feels like he’s going to choke on it.
He tries desperately to stop the world from turning upside down in his head and uses an intelligence database to get the locations of all the nearest drug hotspots. There’s one fifteen minutes away from where Sherlock was last seen. Five.
Mycroft reads the words sarcastically in his head before mashing his face into his palm and sighing wearily.
The atmosphere paused, tense, as the boy held John’s gaze briefly, his look of a similar manner, as if he was testing John.
I know…but," John sighed heavily, "There's just something odd about all this. I mean, that hotel room he booked is
“No-” Sherlock raises his voice slightly to cut John off. “I shouldn't have kept you in the dark. Not for so long. After about a year it would have been safe to make contact, maybe. I just thought it would be easier - simpler somehow. You would have come after me. I really didn't realise how much it would affect…” he makes a vague gesture with his hands. “This… us,
He looks bitterly disappointed, upset, relieved, heartbroken, anxious. All at once. A million emotions flicker through his eyes, start to conflict against each other, resist. It’s strokes of everything anyone’s ever felt, all merging together like paint. It's colour impossible to chart, a mental state unable to be labelled. Overall, he just looks
“For not…” John frowned, finding it hard to choose the right words. He coughed. “Coming in sooner- and uh- it doesn’t matter.”
Sherlock takes John’s hand and passes him his coat. He quirks an eyebrow. “I was ready ten minutes ago.”
“I’m…” Mary’s throat feels incredibly dry. She looks down and attempts to move her lower body. Her jeans are ripped, and her limbs feel battered and bruised, but otherwise they seem fine. “I think…” She surveys the rest of herself. Grazed elbows. A cut on her forehead, blood dribbling down the side of her face, but remarkably, that’s it.
“...what that felt like. But you pulled through, and I suppose that’s all that matters now. I just need to tell you that I’m sorry. Because there was a second there when I thought I wouldn’t get a chance to say it. ”
Mary crouches on her knees in the hallway of her empty house and attempts to rip up one of the floorboards with a crowbar.
Relieved, Sherlock grins enthusiastically and takes John’s hand, bowing courtly before sliding his hand up John’s back and sweeping them away from the middle of the hall. He pulls them into time with everyone else, moving gracefully; his feet coordinating perfectly with John’s to make sure they’re in sync. John’s hand automatically finds Sherlock’s shoulder, dropping into the position they’ve practised.
Mary sits back on her heels and brings her hands to her face. Exasperated. Upset. What is she saying? She would never do that. In fact, it hurts to even think about it. What is this anguish doing to her?
“Well...I do- fuck.” He was cut off with a loud moan as Sherlock's hands pushed down between them to grab John’s very prominent erection that was already bulging tight against his trousers.
“Sherlock please,” the older man growls. “You can’t go - not yet. I-I need to tell you something. It’s...well…” He wrestles with his words before taking one sharp breath.” I...I think I love you. I always have done. Ever since that evening at Angelo's. Ever since we moved in together. Oh god I love you so much.” He squeezes his eyes shut as Sherlock’s fingers go limp in his hands. “Oh my god please,
Mycroft stands in the centre of the living room of 221B Baker Street; rolled-up sleeves and bin bag at the ready. His face curls in disgust as he bends down to pick up some browning newspapers and what looks like mouldy old takeaway packets from the floor. He turns to Sherlock, still lying on the sofa.
“Shh.” John throws up a hand and silences Mycroft immediately, not even bothering to turn his head and face him. He cranes his neck. “What did you say sorry Sherlock? Who are you talking about…?”
Rosie sits crossed legged in the narrow attic of 221B Baker Street and allows herself to take a shallow breath.
Sherlock blinks and winces away from the man’s breath. It stinks of rotting flesh, makes him take a moment to figure out what he's saying.
Sherlock wakes very slowly, very gradually. All the wires in his brain steadily fusing together. It takes a while for him to realise where exactly he is.
John and Mycroft follow quickly, taking the steps two at a time. The flashing blue lights of the ambulance blind them as soon as they step outside. The cold wind stings their cheeks.
Sherlock began to trace a finger along John's lips, dragging the focus back onto him, and once he had it he kissed John’s neck for a while longer and then moved up and kissed his lips lightly. Suddenly he stopped and pulled back gently, stilling his hand and gazing wishfully into John’s eyes.
Anyway, I really hope you like this, it is by far the most challenging and emotional piece I've ever written.
He turns sideways and stares himself up and down for a moment, deciding, debating. Does he look…good? Or just old fashioned?
Adrenaline hums quietly in her brain as she strides forwards. It’s the thrill of the chase. The blood pumping through her veins. She hasn't been out like this in
“Because I didn’t-“ John is now trying to hold back tears too. “I didn’t know! I had no idea that’s how Sherlock felt. He-“ He turns to the detective still slouched in his chair, head in his hands. “He never bloody tells me anything!”
He shifts his attention back to Mary and pulls her arm towards him - without asking - to get a better look at her elbows. He pushes her jacket from her shoulders, revealing red patches on her jumper, indications of where blood has seeped through. Blobs of dirt and dust from the road decorate the blue fabric. She holds still as he rolls up her sleeves carefully.
“John?” Mycroft presses the phone to his ear. The metal feels cold and unnatural against his skin. His fingers are already going pink. His breath is coming out in clouds in front of him. “John are you here?”
Thank you so much for reading. I personally thought this was terrible compared to the others, but hopefully you liked it anyhow. Please don't be afraid to tell me what you thought regardless!
Mycroft spots some faded purple plastic lying at Sherlock’s side. It's the syringe. He picks it up and shines his torch, the glare from the light making him squint. Within a moment he's memorised the faded measurements written along the side. “Is this what he used?”
The rage floods his system again, hot and heavy. Fire tingles in the hairs on the back of his neck. How
“No. um,” Sherlock clears his throat and shuffles a tiny bit closer. “Sorry I meant nice. You look…nice.”
She reaches the entrance of the hospital and stands outside, trying to hail a taxi. Rain drizzles down from the dark night’s sky onto her face, catches in her hair. There are no stars. Sirens wail in the distance.
"I picked it up on the plane while you were asleep. Your snoring interrupted me a few times actually..."
Sherlock throws his hands to his face, whimpering quietly as more tears trickle down from the corners of his closed eyes. He can’t
He speaks on the phone to Mycroft for roughly ten minutes. They formulate a plan: Locate Sherlock, assess what drugs he’s taken, and then get him into an ambulance and try and keep him conscious. If he’s taken a syringe they will be nothing else they can do.
“No, shh, shh.” John dips down and plants a particularly heated kiss on Sherlock’s mouth. “You don’t have to hold on any longer love, you can go, I’m nearly there.”
He shot into action, busting through the door and shoving it open so hard that it slammed round and hit the hinging wall with a bang.
“Nonsense.” Sherlock smiles. He pays the driver and hops out quickly, rushing around the back of the cab to hold the door open for John. “You’re excellent at dancing, John.
It went on for a minute or so before suddenly, an alarming thought occurred to John, interrupting the bliss. He propped himself up on his elbows once more and gazed down to Sherlock.
now, don’t we. So unless you want everything to happen here, in public, in a place we can’t control...”
Mycroft stops hesitating and moves to Sherlock’s free side. He hooks his umbrella on his arm and pauses, offering Sherlock his shoulder, his support. Surprise flickers briefly in his brother’s eyes.
Sherlock takes another long sip of his drink. “Since I could walk. Mycroft thought it was ridiculous though. As did Father.”
But he can’t be sure, because although he wants to look up and gauge her reaction, to catalogue every flicker and detail of her face, his eyes won’t move from the floor. Shame takes over his body with the force of a tidal wave, jarring his movements and closing his throat. The feeling is indescribable. It's guilt off the scale. A virus that infects every single cell of his body, pulses in each muscle, rattles in his bones with the magnitude of an earthquake.
Mycroft sits back and watches silently as John’s gentle hand caresses Sherlock’s cheek, the pad of his thumb smearing across some of the blood on his lips.
John leans in and kisses him once more, capturing his lips and holding them for another long moment before pulling softly on the detective’s lower one with his teeth.
It's nice to see what they could have felt like. What it’s like to actually say them, even if it’s just this once.
“Oh shh,” Sherlock huffs, placing the drip to one side and blinking rapidly, concentrating. “Stop fussing. I’ve had quite enough drugs for one day, don’t you think?”
John smiled, the drowsy effects of his orgasm wearing off slightly. "Still doesn't count as a present." He joked.
Five minutes had slipped into ten, then ten into fifteen, and soon Sherlock’s work was sprawled out all over the desk in front of them. With the pair both leaning over it, sat side to side their shoulders and thighs almost touching, crossing over one another and leaning on each other casually when they pointed something out or made a correction. All of this obviously, John didn't have any complaints about. Although it wasn't just that, in all seriousness he didn't mind about the time anymore, he didn't even mind about the risk of being caught. Sat here, right now, giggling, studying and discussing medical science with Sherlock was the most fun he’d had in ages. Amazingly he found that he wasn't even that far out of his depth. He was actually able to understand a great deal of Sherlock's work (with occasional explanations) and even help correct it, so far he’d managed to point out several marginal errors and Sherlock seemed both surprised and very grateful, making a comment that “another eye, a second opinion” was very useful to him.
