"He doesn't want to be alone again, and I don't think he likes the idea of her being alone either. It just makes sense to me."
"For years, Redbeard was by my side, always. We explored the whole estate to collecting things I deemed important for experiments."
"I know."
John ordered Sherlock's favorite takeaway to try convincing him to eat anything, but it was a lost cause. No amount of prodding or cajoling could pull Sherlock from his violin right now. He ate alone, sat in his red seat, so he could still watch Sherlock. It almost scared him how much he cared for the other man. Almost. He just had to remind himself how much Sherlock cared for him in return. They both killed and sacrificed for the other. It probably wasn't healthy, but John didn't care. He needed Sherlock as much as he needed to breathe.
John hoped the morning would go rather quickly so the two could find somewhere to eat sooner rather than later.
Some part of Sherlock must have been at least mildly interested in the tea because he slowly sat back upright and took it from John.
Damn John Watson. The mere suggestion kickstarted his brain into thinking of the variables he could observe.
"SO, you deduced the killer." He says while trailing fingers from sherlock's wrist up to his shoulder.
They found Emmett and Mrs. Hudson playing with baby Eleanor in front of the fireplace which was steadily warming the room and lending a gentle glow in the growing darkness of the world outside. The infant was showing off her newfound ability to sit up unassisted for a few minutes, and the two adults wasted no time in praising her.
The two chuckled and John suggested they go home and sleep, to pick up everything with fresh eyes later. Surprisingly, he met little resistance from Sherlock and the two donned their coats and left.
John saw him getting tangled in the straps and helped him remove it quickly. He also noted Sherlock's breathing had elevated to panting, and he was in serious danger of beginning to hyperventilate.
John hadn't particularly thought of himself as a potential father figure, before. He was terrified of becoming his father and passing the abuse to another generation. Sometimes his anger was a rage that reminded him way too much of his father's drunken verbal beatdowns. Those instances left him shaking and guilty in bed at night, on the verge of panic.
John relayed the information to Sherlock who suggested they station people at any nearby location with a boat and access to the sea. Sherlock knew the only way the killer would come out of hiding is if he had a guaranteed method of travel, likely one posited to him by local homeless people part of a crime network.
~~~~~
After the bath, Sherlock was back to his senses enough to stand at the window and wreak a cacophonous symphony out of his violin. As much as it grated on his ears, John couldn't agree with the sentiment more. The sun had set and London grew dark and the baby was still out there. John knew logically that even if the baby was abandoned somewhere without formula, she would survive for a while yet as long as she was bundled up. The thought was still painful though.
Also at one point I definitely accidentally typed the word minecraft instead of Mycroft lol
John huffed a small laugh, "He'd only do that by accident, you still used that big brain of yours." He smiled softly at Sherlock and gave his hand one final squeeze before letting go.
Ella made grabby hands toward her so Sherlock took her out of the carrier and handed her over. "Yes, I've adopted her actually."
YUoiu know I'm thinknign abohtehr shot wasn't the bst Idea/,.
Mrs. Hudson said her goodbyes, kissing Eleanor one last time, before going back into her own flat.
Sherlock was going to question him further, but Lestrade gave them the green light from upstairs. The two jogged up and Lestrade handed Sherlock a laptop.
"Then I expect you to be in that water when I get back."
John grabbed the nappy bag and they headed out.
"Oh." Sherlock's face heated, but thankfully John couldn't see due to the dark room. He cleared his throat, "Lestrade's officers arrested him just now. He won't let us go down and see him until morning, and even then I'm not allowed to interrogate him."
“It’s for you.” John huffed.
Sherlock shook his head. "No point, he won't be there. He still has Eleanor, so he's likely wandering around somewhere."
John’s other hadn rested on SHErlock’es hip, and he thrusted forward with a stedy rhtyhtm. It started slow and gained with speed only when Sherlok gave a verbal yes.
." John said as he moved closer to Sherlock and held a protective postion slightly in front onf him, blocking the bullly's view.
Sherlock picked up his violin with sharp movements. "Is there a reason you're here as opposed to, I don't know, using your phone?"
Sherlock turned around and stared directly at him then curled his fingers in a beckoning motion.
UPDATE: Chapter 6 is now past 2000 words and still going, but I'm working on it every day so hopefully it'll be ready soon.
John was confused, but finally understood what Sherlock was doing when he felt the steady thrum under his fingers. He was so grateful for this man. Having tangible and measurable proof of Sherlock's life helped chase away the last vestiges of panic from his nightmare. When his breathing was normal once more, he moved his hand down to settle across Sherlock's chest, but did not remove his body from the other man's.
John glanced at Sherlock and sure enough, he was still in his mind palace. His brow was furrowed in concentration, so whatever he was doing didn't look terribly stressful. John left Sherlock to it and grabbed the book he was partway through.
In response, he scoffed and took up his violin by the window. He was playing a soft melody, akin to happy children's music, when Emmett came back down.
John could hear numerous threats to his person in that tone, and he believed Mycroft would follow through on every single one. He had no intention of breaking Sherlock's heart, he only hoped Sherlock wouldn't break
"Where was he?" Sherlock asked.
The secretary's mouth gaped like a fish out of water, "I'm- I'm not a suspect am I?"
Back at baker STreet, Sherlock and John are chilling like not billains. John walks ober to Sherlock who's sipping tea near the sink in the kitchen.
John stumlbeld into Sherlock’s (their) bedroom because he was holding Sherlock whose legs were wrapped around ihs wasist. He strode to the bed, the two otf them kissing all the while, and fell forwaed on top of Sherlock.
Despite the time, John was a military man so it took less than the allotted ten minutes before he stepped into the kitchen. Sherlock handed him a mug of tea and butter on toast, much to his surprise.
He quickly used the loo to shower and do his business, making sure to artfully style his curls as usual. He dressed in a suit, including the jacket as some form of armor.
It only took a day for John's curiosity and old feelings to win out over his anger toward Sherlock. He showed up to Baker Street unannounced, and listened to Sherlock's explanation. He would deny it if anyone asked, but he broke down and Sherlock just held him for what seemed like hours but was probably only minutes.
Lestrade said, "I'm going in now, you have full access to the observation room as usual."
Now Sherlock turned on his side, which placed their faces only a foot apart. "So what?"
Sherlock huffed out a small laugh. "Goodnight John."
"And where could he have gone in the span of three hours on that list?"
"About what?"
The silver-haired man tried to placate him. "You're too close to this one, sorry mate."
"Search team's ready to go, I'll text you two the address."
Therefore, there was a dual sigh of relief when Lestrade's text tone came from Sherlock's mobile. Sherlock replied to the message and told John to get Ella's carrier.
Instead of responding to the texts, Mycroft showed up at Baker Street the following morning. When he walked in, he found John laying on the floor with the baby (playing with some plush toy) and Sherlock absent from the room.
The clinic was a welcome distraction for John. He still worried about Sherlock, but it was put on the backburner while expecting mothers and false alarm flus and broken bones marched through his office. He was exhausted when his shift was finally over.
Eleanor let out a short yell.
John rolled his eyes. "Will you be up long?"
Sherlock lokked ayt him, forwned , then said :"That's not a pun in the slightest."
John held up his hands. "Alright, but also if we think we've happened upon someone dangerous we call for backup. Every. Time."
"Isn't that a bit insensitive?
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Dull."
~~~~~
The natural caretaker role Sherlock took on in the last few days was, for lack of a better word, adorable. He did it with single-mindedness and compassion. Never giving up even when learning those new skills were difficult. Because he wanted Ella to be cared for, he didn't want to let her down.
involved, Sherlock wasted no time in sprinting up both staircases until he barged into John's room.
(See the end of the chapter for
. To accomofadsyt for this they jumped fof the swan into the shallow wat er and went to a maintenace room just off to the side.
Logan Brown was at the rehab center as expected, and Sherlock and John were posted outside his office. His patient was out in a few minutes, so they didn't have to wait long.
"Don't, this is for my benefit because you will likely be here for the next 48 to 72 hours."
"It's very convenient that you flew out of the country the day after our latest victim was found. You realized you got sloppy or- no. You read the papers and saw that Scotland Yard finally realized these were murders, not overdoses. You panicked and fled."
Brown's stupidity was very inconsistent, and something about it bugged Sherlock in the back of his mind. He'd revisit that later, right now John was his priority. It was honestly a laughable effort on his part to claim to everyone that the work comes first when John always takes priority.
Mrs. Hudson and a young man, no older than his twenties, sit on the sofa sipping tea. Mrs. Hudson cradled a blanket wrapped infant in one arm, cooing gently at it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Stop." Sherlock waited until he sat back down to continue. He squeezed his hands together in a rare show of anxiety. "I'm not the same man I was two years ago. You're right when you say the fall changed me. It has, but I've also been trying. To change. That is."
"Only if I know your name/"
"Absolutely. The baby would just slow him down, no reason to keep it." Sherlock's eyes were gray steel, imploring this man to give them something. Anything.
John sat down, entranced by the beautiful and almost haunting quality of the notes which were delicately pulled from the instrument. The piece was soft and airy, with a simple melody that lulled one into closing their eyes and taking deep breaths. It sounded like the gentleness a mother would have while kissing her baby, but in audible form.
"Goodnight."
After two hours and no news, Sherlock had progressed to laying on the couch in a fetal position, still fully clothed including shoes. John couldn't bare just sitting around any longer. He felt worse about how Sherlock felt than he did about the killer still running about. He thought he should probably feel more guilty about that.
"I'm sorry for your loss, that must have been very hard." said John.
"Just try not to set anything on fire...again."
Mycroft smirked, "You can't even say it, what makes you think you would be a good father?"
Sherlock quickly composed and sent a text.
Sherlock felt the double absence in the morning harshly. He tried distracting himself with updating his tobacco ash spreadsheet, then identifying the types of mould he secretly grew under the lip of the sink, then indexing John's socks, and finally with composing. Nothing seemed to work.
Sherlock shifted Eleanor to his other arm and spoke to her. "I'm beginning to wonder if the books are wrong about when attention span increases. This man is forty times your age and still forgot what he was doing."
"It's okay to care about her. She's one of the loveliest babies I've met."
He made breakfast quickly and once the two of them finished eating, he cleared his throat. "We need to make a list of essentials to get for Eleanor today."
John beamed. Sherlock could be so thoughtful with the most trivial things. "So which came first, the nickname or the song?"
"Of course not. Why?"
"John shhhh. You're safe, it was just a dream. We're in Baker Street."
Sherlock's mouth formed a 'v' of a smile, and felt a weight lift off his shoulders. He knew now, he could tell John anything. He would talk about his past for the first time. Really talk about it.
He just nodded.
(See the end of the chapter for
The receptionist assured them that Eleanor wouldn't be in foster care very long, as there were many couples looking to adopt infants. It wasn't reassuring.
"Things got pretty heated in there."
"No, and before you ask, yes I have men getting in position at the nearest stations and airport."
Sherlock began untacking all of the photos and documents and set them in a pile on the couch below him. He kept his face carefully blank and the new the sooner all visual stimuli were gone, the sooner he could work on deleting the whole mess from his mind palace. He'd gone after multiple serial killers anyway. He reasoned there was no dire need to keep this one in his vaults.
Self-edited as always and I hope you enjoy!
Sherlock was very aware of the fact that they had no baby monitor and more aware of the fact that John remembered and still didn't mention anything. Perhaps John felt more rested when they slept together too? Sherlock had fewer nightmares and actually slept almost a full eight hours, which was unheard of for him. All those articles about the merits of physical bonding being healthy and rejuvenating were correct. He could almost feel the oxytocin cycle through his brain when he woke up the last few mornings.
They still just had to wait.
"I've narrowed down all points of data to one conclusion, which is to wait for another murder. I'm supposed to be preventing that, but here we are. Clueless as Scotland Yard's
"He was
"What's it called?"
"And when would that be?"
Sherlock just received a text from Lestrade, requesting his assistance at the latest crime scene, as he walked back into Baker Street. He ran out of body parts in the middle of the night and walked around London instead of waking up John. (Last time he woke John before 7am without a case, he was yelled at and did not want a repeat.) However, now that a case
"Yes, as always." THough sherlock's REsponse included a hitch in his voice.
John knew how frustrating this must be for Sherlock, but he accepted the circumstances for what they were. He reached down and rested his hand on top of Sherlock's free one, giving it a squeeze. "Stop, I'm sure you'll solve this by the end of the week."
"John," Sherlock flicked the light switch. "We have a case!"
"Sherlock, all the things he said about addicts aren't true."
"Hmm?"
They get a babysitter.
John's phone vibrated and his heart dropped when he read the message from Lestrade.
John's fists were clenched in his lap, and he finished his drink while Sherlock was speaking. He was appalled that this man would hurt Sherlock, and offered drugs instead of empathy. His heart ached for though. For this young Sherlock who was so alone in the world that he didn't know or think he should stay away from Victor. He wished he was there, he wouldn't have let this happen.
"We know there's two of you, who is the other murderer."
John smiled when he felt Sherlock begin pressing into his hands, seeking more contact. With that, any leftover anxiety over this act was erased.
"Hold on, this is a really big deal, Sherlock. Adoption is huge, you can't just impulsively bring a human life into yours."
"Yeah, sooner than we thought to be honest." John said.
((Two drinks))
After feeding and changing the baby when her nap was finished, the three of them went to a baby supply store to purchase enough things so that her presence in the flat would be unequivocably permanent.
"Nothing."
"No need for us to go anywhere. Mycroft's lackeys will do it."
My account is mostly a Detroit: Become Human fan account with a lot of personal stuff mixed in. Johnlock fans I think would really appreciate the HankCon ship, it drew me in from its parallels.
~~~~~
The search began once more, though this time the room held a dim glow from dusk rather than the muted orange from this morning. A knock came from the open door frame and Sherlock jerked around, ready to tell the intruder to piss off, then halted as he recognized Lestrade.
THey kept going untli eventiualy Sherlck gasped-yelped-came on his stomach and the clencing of the mucles in his arse pushed John oaver the edgel as well.
. That level of unreliability must be detrimental to her development. This would definitely sway her toward the side of mistrust in Erikson's psychosocial stages.
John warmed at the praise and took the baby Sherlock handed to him. He looked at the dishes at the table witheringly and accepted that he'd have to clean them later.
"Oh."
"Of course." Connor took the baby from the woman, pulled her close to support her body. Eleanor immediately felt dejected at leaving her caretaker's arms, so she turned her head and tried to seek them out. Connor quickly noticed the increasing anxiety on her face and shifted her to their hip so they could reach one hand into the tote and pull out a toy.
The man cleared his throat, "I'm Emmett Wilson. I need your help because my mates are being killed and the police don't believe me. I go to this narcotics anonymous meeting on Sundays and you make friends there you know?" He sniffed. "It just happens in a place like that. But three months ago one of em didn't show up. That's not abnormal, but then he didn't come back at all. I tried going to his group home and they said he was dead. Back on the poison they said. I didn't believe it, he wouldn't've touched that stuff again."
Sherlock scoffed. "Ella, you're probably a genius too. You showed interest in texture in toys earlier than what the website said."
Sherlock plopped the nappy bag unceremoniously on the floor by the couch while John went straight upstairs to his own room. He came back down and explained to the others.
"Yes, telling him to start a new interrogation with that in mind."
John smiled himself at that last thought and lost himself in picturing it as he unlocked the street door and jogged up the steps. He opened the door to flat B and walked through the living room to the kitchen, glancing at Sherlock briefly to say hello.
The walk back out was quiet, even the landlord was gone. It was probably for the best he wasn't here to witness the tragedy of his tenant. The ambulance was gone as well, the paramedics had left while Sherlock and John were in the bedroom.
Sherlock was getting antsy. So much data, but no way to connect them. It was all just too broad. He stood up and began pacing the room, rubbing his hands through errant curls in the process. John noticed, but wasn't sure he could say anything to be that "conductor of light" for Sherlock's brain.
"More than. It's been so long since I've had it."
SHerlock i s called by Lakitu to come and sovle the corime. (I had to google the name shut uo you don't know it either.)
When all was done, the two realized how much they were relying on busywork today. In its absence, there was nothing they could contribute to the case. They both trusted it in Mycroft's hands, but this left Sherlock bereft and with only his thoughts to occupy himself.
The sent noise pinged on Sherlock's phone and he tossed it on the couch. "We're going to do some digging about Brown on the internet. See if we can't find an answer first."
"It's entirely possible he's keeping away from any visible CCTV cameras, he's proven himself smart enough so far."
They'd never slept in John's room together, but their combined exhaustion didn't leave room for awkwardness as they settled under the covers. They were only apart for a few moments before John curled up around Sherlock's back, effectively spooning him. Sherlock needed the comfort of physical touch right now, he argued. And if John could benefit from the comfort too, well, no one would know.
John was mortified. If he'd known Sherlock's brother was coming he would have at least showered. God knows nothing slipped past the man, less even than passed Sherlock's observations. Nevertheless, he couldn't form a single response. It's not what you think? It's none of your business?
"Uh uh. That's not good enough."
Eventually, John ahd three fingers comfortably rotating and moving around insid eSHerlock and k=he knew he was ready. He removed his hand and wiped it on the besdsheets, making a mental note to threow them in the wash later.
I don't know how or why this chapter became the length of all the previous chapters combined but I won't complain.
Sherlock hummed and steered him towards the door. John supposed he would be eating in the taxi then, ceramic mug and all.
"She likes you. Usually this little one screams bloody murder when a stranger holds her." He started rocking her in his arms. "Isn't that right?"
. Judging by John's respiration rate, he was awake too. This was to Sherlock's surprise, because surely John would want to remove himself and get up from his platonic friend's embrace. He didn't know what to think of it and honestly didn't want to think at all or he'd let himself entertain the idea that John feels something more for him.
"What do they say?"
Sherlock sat up in bed when the smell of tea wafted to his nose, with the inquisitive searching look a dog has when they hear food being dropped into their bowl. John smiled at the comparison and handed over the cup of Earl Gray, prepared the way Sherlock's sweet tooth likes.
((One and a half drinks down))
"He's only killing drug addicts that we know of. There's no sexual abuse, no notes, no fanfare, no torture. He's trying to rid the world of addicts."
"I'm coming," and to Eleanor, "he's going to tire us out."
"You found a new solution."
"Comfortable. Dare I say you even enjoyed it." He smiled.
Sherlock waved one of his hands, "We'll cross that bridge when we get to it." It was funny, in a sad way, that John thought he would still be living here when Eleanor was a toddler. That was more than enough time for John to find a stable girlfriend he would leave Baker Street for.
~~~~~
Sherlokc though t wow, this boy defended him and was obviously not striahtgt. No straight person would do that. PRobably. It took him  a while to start playing again, but even then he only tried one song one more time before going home form the day.
~~~~~~~~~~
SHerlock and Jhon arrice on secen. "Details."
"Yes, and that, quickly now."
, he knows who we are." Sherlock clenched his fists once more, this time in his hair. "Stupid. Stupid. Slow."
John stepped around him and gasped. A few paramedics were surrounding Emmett who was laying on the floor. It looked as though they just stopped treating him, but instead of readying him for travel, they slowly packed away medical supplies as if they had all the time in the world. Which meant-
John awoke the next morning from his own alarm, and not the lanky detective yelling at him. He made his bed, showered, and got dressed with military quickness and efficiency. He entered the kitchen, hair still damp, and found Sherlock sitting at the table and drumming his fingers. Sherlock was clearly agitated and wanted to leave as soon as possible, though they still had time to indulge in a cup of tea.
Sherlock just narrowed his eyes even more.
"Stop, Sherlock. It's none of that, which I do appreciate by the way."
Sherlock looked at him in askance and John told him to wait on the pavement. It took around five minutes to come back outside, file in hand, where he found Sherlock speaking softly to Eleanor and bouncing slightly on his feet to soothe her. Honestly, he would chuck the files in the nearest puddle and just go home with Sherlock if he could. But he couldn't. So instead he steeled himself.
Some time in the night, a muffled whimper roused Sherlock from sleep. He jerked upright, concerned first that the intruder broke in and was inflicting pain on Baker Street's inhabitants. Another whimper, this time definitely coming from John, disregarded that worry and replaced it with a new one. He looked down and saw John tangled in the sheets, face down. His hands were clenching and unclenching the sheets and the pillow muffled any sounds coming from his mouth.
Emmett frowned, "Yes sorry. Tobias Huxley, James Cross, and Laney. So the day after, the coppers found James' body too. The last one was-" He broke off as his voice choked up, breaking on the last word.
Sherlock spun around to no doubt tell John to stop being an idiot, but John cut him off. "No, I understand it. I mean, I don't understand how that would lead to killing all these people. One? Yeah, he's very angry. But why go after so many others when he's just miffed? You're always saying that love is a more vicious motivator, but he didn't give us any indication that was the case."
"Hmm?"
The father closed the door and followed them inside. "How do you know? What do I do? What about Ella?" He wrung his hands anxiously.
Sherlock nodded and John helped pull him up off the floor. John fetched him a glass of water while he brushed his teeth and the two met up in the hallway. Sherlock looked at his room where the cot was in view from their position.
My twitter handle is @221gaykerstreet if anyone wants to say hi?
Not to mention the families and friends of all the victims. Eleanor in particular. At least the others didn't have a whole human depending on them for everything.
The silver haired man stepped in and leaned his hands on the table, looking between John and Sherlock. "I need to know what details can be released to the public. We have almost nothing, but maybe putting it out there that drug users are at risk would make people more cautious. Or it would encourage our killer to get cocky, now that there's limelight."
"Ah."
John plowed intho him again and again and SHerlock met him thust for thrust.
Lestrade took the clipboard and ripped off the top sheet and handed the bottom carbon copy to the receptionist for hospital records.
His mouth opened and closed, but it seemed as though his excuses ran out.
Sherlock forced himself to take a few deep breaths and placed his hand on top of John's. The combined heat from their hands radiated up his body and chased away the coldness he felt when he recalled everything Victor had done.
Sherlock looked down at the cooing baby in his lap, "Obviously."
Their eyes met, and though nothing was said, John's gaze was like a momentary balm on the chaos in Sherlock's mind.
"And as for us?"
"You trust me, yeah?"
The silence of earlier this morning made a reappearance for the next couple hours. Sherlock was about ready to resign himself to waiting for another murder victim when John suddenly sat up straight and the sound of clicking and typing sped up. One didn't have to be Sherlock to deduce what that meant.
He didn't know what to say, but he hoped 'okay' was enough.
He sighed, "Because she has a three syllable name and is it not common to shorten them when speaking?"
He whispered his question and Sherlock replied they had to find a laptop and files. Sherlock would look for the syringes and drugs. John felt a bit uneasy to think about how Sherlock would be better at checking good places to hide such paraphernalia.
The boys settle in with their new charge...maybe too settled in.
. As if I was the one hurting it. Stopped throwing punches real quick when I managed to get a hold of the gun again. Then I injected him and took off."
John just smiled wider, "That's the plan. Also you should come interact with the baby. I think you'd find they make great subjects for studies, you could start a new spreadsheet."
Much to Sherlock and John's surprise, Lestrade was chatting with the receptionist at the hospital when they got there.
He popped the lidk adn squeezed a generous amount on his fingers and pressed them to Sherlock’s arse before watifin for the liquidy paste to warm up.
Lestrade did a double take as well when Sherlock and John entered his office. He frowned but didn't verbally comment on it. "You can view the interrogation, but that's it. You won't even be allowed in the halls while he's being transported."
“Which one?” John asked.
In Sherlock's head, he could see Ella crying and missing this toy. He didn't think she would be handed off so quickly. He thought they had more time, they would have packed a bag for her. Now she was starting over with new people and new objects
Self-edited to my best ability! I hope you enjoy!
Evans rolled his eyes, "He refused to even be on scene during the killing. He just passed along information to me. His spineless arse missed out on the good stuff."
They searched for about a half hour without yielding any results. Brown had no secret lover, had no tragic childhood, had no dead parents or relatives of note, nothing. His life was as average as they come.
With a nod from John, he left the room. The room was silent, but Sherlock's mind was whirring.
"John," he waved his fingers impatiently in the air. "I know I can be impulsive, but I would never do that with a decision like this. It's sudden, but don't think for a second that I haven't run through many scenarios in my head looking for any possible negatives. Between the work and my inheritance, I have more than enough money to support her financially. We know of no less than three people who are qualified to babysit during cases and emergencies. My experiments can be kept above ground level so she's unable to reach anything dangerous, and when she gets older I can simply move them elsewhere. Our line of work is no more dangerous than that of a police officer or firefighter or soldiers, and they have families all the time."
She knows? How does she know? John's face heated and his heart rate picked up at the thought of someone knowing. It would be more likely for Sherlock to deduce his feelings the more people who know.
that happen."
Sherlock said, "You'll find he's pertinent, and Mrs. Hudson you are dismissed."
Sherlock nodded.
"I'm not returning her, she's not an object Mycroft," Sherlock said.
"One month ago, I went to the police for help, but they didn't believe me."
"What?" John questioned, though he moved to sit in his chair by the fireplace regardless of any confusion.
done for her.
"When do we get the search warrant?"
The poking ceased and Sherlock realized this is what he'd forgotten. "Obvious, you stay here with Emmett and I go back out and conduct them."
Sherlock was up and pacing near the case wall, but John kept looking through social media to see if they missed something. (They didn't).
"Strip and get in, but leave your pants on."
John said, "Where would that leave him?"
~~~~~
He replied a quick affirmative and spoke to John. "We go to the center tomorrow at seven."
"Git. So I've been thinking, because of this case. About you."
"COol, I'm John."
Sherlock smelled Mrs. Hudson's perfume and noted that she must have come back from her sister's while they were out.
your fault."
~~~~~
Sherlock froze at the contact and turned to face John. The small point of contact pulled him from the loop of thoughts which switched between frustration and self loathing. It felt steady and warm, and he focused on the calluses for a moment, imagining how they'd feel caressing his face instead. Finally, he spoke. "Doesn't matter."
And sure enough, they heard footsteps and then her door opened, as she must have heard them come in.
He needed to watch it burn to ash, or he couldn't be certain that all of the information was removed.
John’s hear t droped into his stomach and he cuped Sherlock’s face in his hands. “Sherlock, I wll nedver stop loving you. Ever. Even i f you didn’t want to have sex, but you do. And that is always something I will want wiht you as long as you’ll hav eit .”
~~~~~
(See the end of the chapter for
The blog post was written in a way that neglected to tell their audience that a new member had joined Baker Street. It reminded John that there were much bigger problems to worry about than whether or not Sherlock left glassware or chemicals in reach of the floor. The duo had quite the public presence due to Moriarty and Sherlock's return. Their place of residence was no secret, it was even listed on Sherlock's contact information. John thought about how Lestrade didn't have any social media presence nor his address and phone number available through online databases. Anonymity online was something common to officers, especially ones with families.
Also how about that plot twist eh? Anyone see that coming?
John knew if Mycroft really couldn't afford to spare the manpower than he would say something. So he didn't argue the matter and brought out a pen and paper from the table in the living room. "We need a bottle warmer, cot, more clothes, nappies, wipes, and dummies. Anything else you can think of?"
Back at the Yard, Brown was still cuffed to the metal table in the interrogation room. He'd been given water and some food, but no contact besides that.
. She would hate him. She couldn't cognitively recognize what he'd done at this age, but he felt irrationally that she must know.
He try ied puling away but John held him closerd still. :"Np, you're wiht me now."
"Our best hope is that he comes out and one of Mycroft's people spot him on CCTV. He's smart, but he knows he's trapped. It's only a matter of time before he gives up and turns himself in, or tries making a run for it."
The problem, John realized, lied in the fact that officers tended to remove their online presence early in their careers. Any information on Sherlock and John had been easily accessible since the beginning, so now it was impossible to remove it. Being a sitting duck for criminals never bothered them before, they knew they could take care of themselves. But now they had a baby to think about. They really were putting her in an unsafe position. John knew this was a conversation with Sherlock that couldn't wait.
Sherlock’s gasp in reply amde John’s ereciton grow harder, as if theat were possible at that point.
The whole thing was a big mess. He wished he could divorce himself from emotion like Sherlock faked being able to do. It would certainly be easier that way.
John didn't want to picture a devastated Sherlock, but he couldn't help it. Unable to stop himself, he placed a hand on Sherlock's chest. "Sherlock, you don't think that was your fault do you?"
His words echoed those of Irene Adler's long ago. It couldn't be true though. At least not with them. Sherlock uses disguises all the time, and they're all picked specifically to get the information he needs. It has nothing to do with himself. Right?
him. Wait, no, one had to stay in the living room at all times of the night. That wouldn't do. He could easily come up with ways in which both would be able to sleep in the bed and also be alerted of any intruder. Something important nagged at him though, just poking at the back of his head.
~~~~~
"Nothing, just zoned out." John said.
Sherlock suddneloy looked insecure, "Don't you have to work?"
John tried to ignore the coldness by tossing and turning. It must have been close to one in the morning when he'd finally resigned himself to a sleepless night.
"Certainly not, we have better taste," Sherlock said and punctuated his statement with a kiss to the top of Ella's head.
Sherlock merely hummed.
"Okay."
John shook his head. "No. I'm trying to say that
Sparks ran across Sherlock's spine from where John placed his hand for balance while he bent down and kissed Ella. He was thankful the conversation was over, as he would have been speechless.
The time it took for Eleanor to be satisfied was longer, and overall the two of them had a much rougher morning than John had in the middle of the night. It made Sherlock tense with perceived incompetence.
“Yeah, I saw it and thought of you. Just open it.”
"Thank you, John." Sherlock took a sip and felt a tightness in his stomach at knowing it was made exactly how he likes it.
"We just finished a case Hudders, certainly the opposite of lazy no?" said Sherlock as he greeted her with a kiss to the forehead.
He was anxious and implored John with his eyes to say what he'd done.
John just smiled to himself and handed Sherlock more wipes.
John had enough. He stood up with Eleanor and pointed a finger at the front door. "
In the waiting room, John assisted Lestrade by calling some of the potential victims and informing them of everything. He finished his portion of the list just as Sherlock came back out into the room. John knew by his face that there was no luck.
So head on it was. Sherlock put his violin and bow away carefully and made his way to his bedroom door. He took a steadying breath then opened it and went inside.
"Maybe he's making a statement...on drugs?" said John.
"I know. Still incredibly unfunny."
First, John fetched a towel from a rack in the bathroom, laid on the ground, and rested Eleanor on top, giving her forehead a kiss as he let go. He made a quick stop in the kitchen to microwave some water, and while it was heating he went back into the living room and prepared to change the girl.
Any thoughts of keeping things platonic vanished at the sight of Sherlock's exposed skin. His long limbs were pale and begged to be cherished, kissed. He wondered if they ever had been. He thought Sherlock deserved someone who would who would frame every inch of Sherlock's body in care and protection. Far too much pain had been dealt to this body, physically and emotionally. John could see the edges of Sherlock's back scars curving over the tops of his shoulders. As garish as they were in deepness, and redness on some, he knew the pain inflicted on his mind from the torture was far worse.
John smiled at the praise and laughed at Sherlock's exuberant reaction, he felt the excitement as well. This was the break they've been looking for, they could finally move forward. They made eye contact and only now did John realize how close they were. Sherlock's hands still clasping his shoulders, faces flushed from excitement and something else. John's breath hitched and he glanced at Sherlock's cupid bow lips.
The boys just biding their time.
"I'm fairly certain it wasn't."
John stepped forward to accept the offer and cradled Eleanor up against his chest, one hand on her back and one under her bum. Emmett jogged up the stairs, leaving the rest alone.
How quickly the little one captured his heart with deep blue eyes that looked at him as if he could do no wrong. Like she was already doing her damndest to learn about the world.
At Scotland Yard, the trio garnered many double takes. Donovan would never believe in a million years that she would one day see Sherlock Holmes walking around with a human baby strapped to his chest, looking for all the world like it belonged there. Sherlock strode through the halls with a sense of grace and both hands placed on the carrier in an act of support that wasn't actually needed. There were definitely pictures covertly (not really) taken.
Sherlock's breath hitched at the feeling of John's warm breath against the nape of his neck. Though his breathing was unsteady at first, he matched it to the movement of John's chest against him. His heart ached for this to be normal, for it not to be born out of circumstance these lucky few times.
John rubbed the back of his neck. "You know what? It's none of my business, I know you value your privacy." He stood up, presumably to go to his room.
Sherlock pointed his bow toward the doorway and the two moved to the living room. Here they could speak at a normal volume without waking the baby.
John's heart absolutely broke. He turned Sherlock to face him and cupped his face in his hands. "
John stepped into his personal space and said ,"Not anymore, I'm done for the summer." Then he leaned foreard mere milimeters form Sherlock's lips. He gave Sherlock enough time to pull away (he didn't) so John closed the distance and they stood there, only lips moving.
~~~~~
"Ah," she responded.
John kept telling him, "The more you do it the better you'll get."
John went to his own with a sense of having missed something important, and nothing but a baby monitor as a companion.
Eleanor smacked a hand against his chest, and John laughed before joining Sherlock in the other room.
"What do we do about the remaining interviews?"
"Oh. Well you know what they say."
Sherlock's mouth dropped open, forming an 'oh'. His head jerked up and stared into the one way mirror as if he could see the others behind it. He left the room and ran into John in the hallway, who grabbed his arms to steady them.
"Sherlock."
"How could we miss this?"
He finally sighed and spoke. "He's right."
Lestrade ran down the hallway with Donovan. He called into his radio to send any nearby units to Brown's address, and the rest he voiced was lost as they reached the elevator and the doors closed.
"John."
Sherlock felt the tip of Jon’s erection against him and called out , “Now.”
John rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and clumsily reached for the phone on his night stand. The time read 4:43am. Too damn early.
Of course he did. Of course Sherlock somehow ended up with the baby while John was gone no longer than eight hours.
Connor's character is lowkey highkey pulled from Connor in Detroit: Become Human because I just couldn't help myself. The babysitter was meant to be a one off line just so the boys would have someone, but it turned into a whole ass thing and now Connor is going to be an important part of Ella's life. I hope you like them as much as I do!
"Yes. Solving crime utilized my brain in its entirety. It's a good replacement, but there's still bad days." Here, he looked up again. "I can get through those days now though. Do you understand?"
Shelrokc swithced hi s weight from one foot to the other, an adult bersion of the potty dance. He gave himself a split second to think : fuck it: befoer opening the door and walking in.
John gently massaged each hand until the color had fully returned, then looked up into Sherlock's face. It was rather close due to their position. Sherlock's eyes held so many hidden feelings, but now really wasn't the time to address them.
"Yeah," he rolled his shoulders. "I thought I could pull that off. I think that's the same problem Mr. Holmes has, thinking we're cleverer than we are."
After a couple months, they got fully back into the swing of taking cases.
In his room, John got dressed and planned to shower later. He wasn't sure what to do about last night. Would Sherlock rather he not mention it? Or were they past the hiding now? He didn't want to scare him off, especially after how honest he was last night. So he figured he'll just wait and see if Sherlock says anything. Though it did seem like Sherlock didn't know how he wanted to approach the whole thing either. He even offered to make tea.
“THank you.” He sdai.
John helped the father carry his bags outside to the pavement so he wouldn't need two trips.
Todya the boy was set on fetting a 100% completion on Sandstorm by Darud3.e . To John it used to be a meme, but to him and all the audience, it was now a song that would play in astrip club. I mean they lefit nothing would make Sherlock look unsexy.
He finally looked up, "Yes John?"
Sherlock nodded.
~~~~~
"Jokes on you Mr. Holmes, cause it'll still help me."
we eat now before heading out."
John froze at the poorly contained panic in Sherlock's voice. He turned to face him. "Yes?"
Sherlock thought about his own anxiety after waking from a nightmare about John, and needing to sit against the edge of his bed and listen to his breathing to know he was alive and safe. With this in mind, he pulled John into laying down, half on top of him from the embrace. Sherlock then took one of his hands and pulled it up to his neck and tried to make John find his pulse point.
The lack of praise stung a bit. (Sherlock was waiting, but John's compliments were still down by 20% since the fall.) "Yes, that's the most important piece of information. Well spotted." He snapped.
Sherlock hadn’t realized his creamy skin revealed his blush more and more while he inspected the pairs of pants. He looked up and saw John’s face held a distinctive air of anxiety. He quickly placed the pants on the table, and stood up, pulling John into his arms.
John stood up, "Alright, let's get her things set up while she's asleep. And you need to make some calls to Mycroft. Or we could go shopping ourselves?"
Sherlock shook his head but stayed silent.
Sherlock double checked that Ella was still contentedly sucking on a dummy, "She won't."
Sherlock rolled his shoulders. "Yes."
Once dressed, Sherlock followed the scent of bacon into in the kitchen and took in the sight of John cooking and Emmett bottle feeding the baby. Sherlock had far too much to eat yesterday so he planned on avoiding anything this morning. On second thought, the sizzling of the food made the temptation of just one bacon strip too much. He would allow himself to steal one from John's plate.
"You say that as if you're speaking in the general sense, but we both know that's not entirely true. If your only motivation was societal and moral based, then you know this crime was pointless. You know it won't send a message and you know six people is nothing in the grand scheme of things. This is personal."
"I'm sure."
Finally, he sighed and got up to leave.
John didn't comment on his abrupt departure, but he did take off his jacket and make a mental note to check on Sherlock later. He updated Emmett on their progress or lack thereof and informed him that it would probably be a few days before they found their guy.
"We're not going with them?" John asked.
They get a case.
Meanwhile John asked if they found anything else. They didn't. Lestrade said he was surprised that there weren't any traces of drugs here, but conceded it was possible that Brown got rid of them before he went on holiday. Something about that stuck in his head, but he brushed it aside. They'd find any important information in that file.
The door closed behind them, and John moved to a corner of the room where he took up a power stance. Sherlock smirked outwardly, but ogled inwardly. His friend was very much a captain right now and not a doctor. He shivered a bit at the thought of John directing that stance toward him.
John goes uwu and Sherlock starts researching different types of scale cells. He discovers that only one species has green scales of this make up, howber multuple racers are a aprt of this species.
Sherlock is the DDR champion at an arcade and John works there during the summer.
John could hear a smile behind the words, but his stomach knotted because he knew this wouldn't have a happy ending.
The man finished unlocking the doors and allowed the two entry behind him. Motion sensitive lights flickered on on their own as the man, Mr. Evans going by the nameplate on the desk, took a seat and fired up the computer.
Anyway, They observe the scene and Sherlock collects evidence. It's some green flecks and he's not sure what it means yet. Sherlock and John bring these flecks to the morgue and test them and fisa no HOLY SHIT MY HAMSTER. What a fucking idiot she's drinking from her water bottle like she ain't never done this before what a fucking loser. Anyway.
"Let's get you some formula, hm?"
"Lestrade does, and so does Mycroft. It wouldn't have taken long to check, but the name is unimportant to us now."
Mrs. Hudson was the first to notice Sherlock and John's arrival, "Oh boys, isn't she just the most precious thing?"
"Ready?"
"You've heard Mycroft mention the word 'Redbeard' correct?"
There were a few lingering tears on Sherlock's face that weren't wiped away, so John leaned forward and gently removed them with caring fingers. He ignored the hitch of Sherlock's breath and said, "Let's go take a nap."
John feared their nightly routine for bed would be awkward. It was one thing to admit to each other in the bravery that only night provides, that they needed the other's presence to sleep. And another thing entirely to do so in the day.
Sherlock stood and handed the baby back to Emmett. "John, one of our workers is back in London after a very conveniently timed holiday."
" John chastised him the same moment Evans squawked in indignation. "I apologize for my partner's behavior, sir." He flashed the grin he used when picking up to appear as friendly and charming as possible. "I'd really appreciate if you could get that list to us as soon as possible, and we'll interview staff as they come in and try to keep it brief."
"You were a child, doing what children do. It was a freak accident, could have happened to anyone. It
A suspect is caught and interrogated.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love them. I’ll go put them on righ tnow.”
His skin was pale and he moved as a dancer would, flowing and without flaw (at least that the untrained eye could see). He almost always wore some form of crop top with tight fitting jeans or slacks. It made John's mouth water . The boy's ass was, while not exactly bislble, was plump and squeezable in his imagination.
"Same plan as yesterday?"
John stretched and yawned. "I need coffee. Want any?"
Hours later found them only slightly closer to identifying victims. They now had a growing pile of potential ones, which John began searching the social media profiles of. Anything to try and figure out more about them which wouldn't have been listed in a case file of what was seemingly an accidental death. The two were silent besides a few frustrated grunts, the shuffling of papers, and the typing on a keyboard.
He crossed his arms and said, "So I've been thinking."
John left swiftly, not weanting to see Sherlock's reaction in case it was embarrasing.
Erasing any trace of their search from the flat was easy. They were well versed in that by this point, and didn't move many things around in the process.
"I watched them, studied their routine for a couple weeks. The easiest ones always left their flats at a certain time, and from there it was simple to choose an alley and wait until they passed by." He looked thoughtful for a moment, "They come so willingly when you have a gun on them. Totally silent and compliant. The gun was never loaded, all they had to do was run away or scream for help."
"Well, at least you can sleep then. I know you're knackered from last night, don't try and deny it."
Wowzer that hurt to write, but I'm not sorry, feel the pain!
Hey guys, super long time no see. I super apologize but if it wasn't clear already, I have lost interest in this fandom. I discovered a video game and joined that fandom while writing the last few chapters of this fic and it ended up drawing my interest completely away from this fandom and by proxy this story. For a good while I was becoming more and more miserable in the BBC fandom and forced myself to stay because I had nothing else to go to. That's why the abandonment happened so quickly once I did happen upon a new fandom.
John was afraid to touch Sherlock, he wasn't sure if it would make his panic worse. He tried talking instead. "Sherlock I need you to listen to me. Can I touch you?"
your business. You know it's very hard for me, but I understand now that-" He closed his eyes and sighed. "I'm not a sociopath, and I should talk about my...feelings." The last word was said with scorn. As much as he was trying to be open, it was difficult to let go of the facade he'd used to protect himself for years and years.
~~~~~
He didn't stop to talk to Lestrade, so John did and hoped his friend would at least wait for him outside.
John sensed Sherlock stiffen beside him, so he leaned over until their shoulders were pressed together.
He leaned against the frame of the door and crossed his arms. "So how's the experiment of avoiding people going?"
"Don't you always deduce everyone's passwords?"
"No excuses Sherlock, just. Please. I can't have anything happen to you again."
With one hand, he cradled the baby. With the other, he browsed a multitude of websites including new mother forums and milestone blogs. He'd ordered a few books that weren't available to read online and expected their delivery in the next 24 hours.
John stood up and walke d over to Sherlock and cupped his butt with his hands. Then he dragged him to his bedroom and ravished him. They had sex that was very good and that’s it. Okay yay this is done hot doggy !
was adorable, not the baby. He cleared his throat and refocused his attention on the tiny human in his hands.
John half smirked, "You can read me at the most inopportune moments."
Sherlock did say please, so John thought he must be serious. He didn't hand those out often.
The man finally spoke again and said more than asked, "Would you hold her while I ask you some questions?"
Meanwhile, Sherlock was sitting in the center of his bed with his arms wrapped around himself. He knew he probably could fall asleep without John, but he didn't want to. He even tried holding the sleeping Eleanor to get that human connection, but it wasn't the same. He wondered if John felt the same.
"How old is she?"
"She's..."
All the usual suspects were playing an nice roudn of go  PEach righWHAT FUTKCkart racing. Bowser whizzed mby ans d nkncoked
John furrowed his brows and frowned, "That's weird then."
~~~~~
When he didn't say anything else, John voiced his own opinion. "I don't understand his motive."
"Mycroft made sure of my history not being public knowledge, I'm perfectly safe."
Sherlock then collected the pictures and held them up one by one, giving details of each person's life. The one with Emmett's wife seemed to have the most affect.
"Taking the baby and killing so soon after a suspect was in custody was a bit of a beginner's mistake."
John clenched his teeth and fists, immeditaely on edge. Even though he was the only one at the counter, he left his postion and marched over to the DDR machine.
Sherlock lightly smacked the hand that was still on his chest and John chuckled. Both froze though at the tiny sigh coming from the end of the bed. Thankfully it didn't turn into crying.
Sherlock began rocking the baby when her whimpers hadn't died down on their own. He swayed his arms to a slow tempo, the same he used when composing songs that remind him of John. She stared into his eyes, seemingly captivated by this stranger, and was coaxed back into sleep. Then he heard John call his name, evident from his tone that this was not the first time it was called.
going to bed?"
"Okay."
Let me know what you think, I'm dying for feedback!
Eleanor's patience ran out and she emitted a series of vowels until John shushed her and picked her up.
"Hi, sorry for any wait, we're just about to open for the day."
This was an absolute roller coaster to write, idk how it was for you all! I hope Sherlock sounded in character for this, let me know if you have any suggestions to correct any ooc-ness? He's my soft boy.
"What are you doing here?"
"What?"
I'd like to dedicate this chapter to all the people who say there's no way Sherlock and John can have a kid safely while still being consulting detectives because I'm kind of petty !
I wasn't sure where to go from there other than ending the story. The bit with therapy was meant to be an in depth introspection on Sherlock's psyche and I wanted a realistic portrayal of healthily dealing with one's mental illness and interpersonal problems. The therapist character was based off of my favorite psych professor, I miss her a lot lol. I'm also a psych major so using what I learned for this portrayal was important for me.
Sherlock finished quietly and just watched the sleeping baby for a few moments.
"Of course. Take care of yourself and the little one."
John peered at Sherlock through his peripheral vision and could just make out that the lanky man stretched across the bed to reach him.
Stood in front of it, he didn't hear any noise, so he knocked before entering quietly. Sherlock only locked the door if he wanted privacy or no interruptions, so John knew was relieved to have welcome access. The room was only lit by a lamp on the side table, which cast light on the coat adorned man curled up in the middle of the bed. John held back a sigh at the sight. How this man managed to look adorable when you could barely distinguish any part of his body, was beyond him.
It seemed to, as the man let himself breathe properly.
"Right." John felt like a right arse. He
Lestrade motioned to a clipboard on the desk in front of him. "Just sign this and you all are set. I filled out the rest while I was waiting."
"She's not 4 months old yet."
The vulnerability he could hear in Sherlock's voice tugged at his heart. "Of course."
So there Restart button, and go.
It was past eleven when they finally crossed the threshold of Baker Street again. They were ready to tumble immediately into bed, which brought up a big problem.
Satisfied, John let himself breathe again and turned back to the screen once more. Meanwhile, Sherlock had trouble returning to his own analysis due to the beating of his heart.
He spent the night before tracking John's sleeping pattern and knew John should enter the REM stage after about an hour and a half after falling asleep. Once in that stage, Sherlock would move closer to him. Not touching, but close enough that John would feel his body heat and hopefully subconsciously react to it and move forward to wrap his arms around Sherlock. Sherlock reasoned it wasn't taking advantage because he wasn't the one initiating contact.
Unspoken between them was Sherlock's fear from last night. John thought he knew how to distract him. "Send a picture of this list to Mycroft and then you can continue your spreadsheet from when Emmett was here."
"You missed her."
Around three in the morning, Sherlock's phone went off and woke all three of 221b's residents. Eleanor gave a startled cry at the rude awakening, and both John and Sherlock sat upright.
Sherlock started walking toward the street, but was halted by John grabbing his wrist. He turned around to face him. He could see concern written in the creases of his forehead and slight downturn of his mouth.
That wouldn't do. "Nonsense, just sleep in my bed. You'll throw your back out and be grumpy all day, and I won't allow that."
John asks. "Wghat did you find?"
Emmett took it. "Thank you, we'll have to hang out sometime. In happier circumstances I hope. No one's been half as kind or helpful as you guys."
Startled, and with no reason to protest, he agreed. Emmett carefully passed over the baby and then the bottle of formula once he had her safely cradled in his arms. He was at a loss at how to actually feed her though.
where is she?"
John stifled his laughter around his fist, they still had to keep quiet after all. This man, was ridiculous. John went back to wandering around the room, he knew it would take a while because there was a lot to search through. He knew not to disturb Sherlock, so he played an app on his phone for the next ten minutes.
Regardless, by the end of the night ehy'sd discovered that the other wanted more and they had arfgreed to bein a committed realationship.
Lestrade's aim was to be calm and conversational. This man held no remorse for his victims, knew there was no escaping, and knew there were piles of evidence stacked against him. He would likely confess with little prompting. Some knew when they were beaten.
HE squeezed hwile simulataneously biting down on SHerlock’s skin, which elicited a yelp from the taller man.
In response, Eleanor babbled happily and smushed his cheeks with her tiny hands.
John took SHerlock’s left hand in his right because SHerlock liked having sex while holding handfs. He needed tha textra touch of intimacu . Ugh what as oft boy.
John sighed. It would just be another thing the two got through.
The drumming abruptly stopped and Sherlock just stared at him in response.
Lestrade's brows furrowed, "What do you mean?"
"John."
"No you're right, it's just sweet is all." John stood up, stretched, and walked a couple feet to plant a kiss on Eleanor's forehead. It was, at the time, the only way to prevent himself from doing the same to Sherlock instead.
Sherlock closed his eyes. If only John knew how accurate that was. After meeting John, he didn't know if he'd survive going back to a time without him. The thought of going back to John was the only thing that kept him alive during his two years away. His thoughts were broken up by that very man.
The blonde was curled up and uncovered by the blankets. That wouldn't do. Sherlock took his half of the duvet and threw it over John. He would be nice, but he wasn't going to be polite about it.
Sherlock has ASD in this story, but I think this is the first chapter that says anything explicit about it. He would identify himself as having Asperger's though if anyone asked because he was diagnosed before the DSM changed. Also, I'm not on the spectrum, so if anyone is and has an issue with the way it's portrayed here please let me know so I can change it to be more accurate. I've been writing him based off of the experiences of a couple friends of mine who are on the spectrum, on top of what I've been learning in my university.
There the yremoved their cl0thes and had sex. John was on top as per usual (they both rtried both ways, but sherlock prefers bottoms ing so .) and had sex. The mpst important part is that they kepyt hisperinf "I love oyu I love you." diring it.
"Yeah but it's funny."
Sherlock enlisted Mrs. Hudson's help for the babysitter search while John was at the clinic. An advertisement was put out on one of those apps, with quite a few stipulations, and they've received eight responses so far. Sherlock reflected on the construction of the ad while they waited for their first potential person to arrive.
"Well for one, you said there's a serial killer. And two, if it was, you would have no reason to be here."
John laughed, "Oh no, we're doing it together. Come on."
Bowser's big ass greeny ass turtley ass body rtried running to get to the river surrounding the castle, but then Rosalitea drifted down from the heacens and magicked his ass. Causing him to float back to Sherlock and John and therefore into custody.
John was suddenly made very aware of the position he woke up in where Sherlock's octopus limbs were wrapped around his torso with his head laid over the heart in John's chest. John looked up, "How-"
"Your sleep schedule is already shit enough without me bollocksing it up."
And with that he entered the room with a guard and several files pertaining to the case.
That night there was an unspoken agreement that Sherlock would sleep in John's bed again. Sometime around nine, John started his nightly routine and Sherlock followed suit when the loo was freed up.
For the next half hour, Sherlock performed the experiment and recorded his observations in the spreadsheet on his computer. He counted how many times Eleanor reached for each toy to begin with. Then he held up each toy within her reach and pulled it away before her tiny fingers grasped it. He noted how annoyed that made her and internally marveled at how expressive she was. He concluded that the yellow plush bear was her favorite and rewarded her patience.
Sherlock sighed, "Obviously not, you're not intelligent enough to go this long without being caught."
Sherlock noted that there was a break in recently, and though the man wasn't hurt, he was shaken. It would be best to tread as friendly as possible.
Sherlock looked up, surprised.
"Hey." John said.
~~~~~
Between the two of them, they managed to get Eleanor totally dressed including a coat and hat, and inside a baby carrier which Sherlock insisted was strapped to himself. He preferred it over the idea of the pram. This way Ella would receive his body heat and stay warmer.
Prompt was character A falls into the shower while character B is showering.
"Why?"
The rest of the day and part of the evening, Sherlock could tell John wanted to say something. Something he felt was important, but difficult to talk about. He observed the tension in John's shoulders and slight crease in his forehead. Whenever John thought Sherlock wasn't looking, he would stare at him, open his mouth like he would speak, then close it again. After most of the day consisting of this behavior, Sherlock was at his wit's end over not having deduced what exactly it was.
"Heroin." Lestrade filled in.
is the password?"
His smile was hidden by his next sip of tea.
, and licking his lips. And Sherlock started leaning forward like a man possessed by his desires alone, when a phone went off.
Sherlock pouted theatrically.
Sherlock's face heated and John laughed.
"Coming."
As all hugs do, however, it ended. John seemed as reluctant to let go as Sherlock had and neither were ready to go their separate ways. John suggested they watch crap telly before going to bed and Sherlock agreed because it meant not going to bed now.
Sherlock clucked his tongue. "Shush her brain is like a sponge."
Brown looked back up at him. "Addicts."
John rubbed a hand across his face in exhaustion. "I don't think we've thought about this enough."
Sherlock hummed in acknowledgement (Mrs. Hudson was still visiting her sister) and retrieved an outfit for her that was purple and covered in little daisies.
John stopped Sherlock then. "I'll call Lestrade, just make sure he doesn't run."
Sherlock through his coat and suit jacket on the ground. He was sweating and felt too hot all over, but at the same time, his body started shivering. He felt a weight pressing on his chest and he couldn't catch his breath but he really needed oxygen right now please because the nausea was getting worse and he'd like to stop it. He didn't know what he needed, but his mind screamed 'danger' and 'get out.' Disconnectedly he recognized it as a panic attack. Thank you brain, how helpful to name it, can you please stop it?
Lestrade said, "We have a wobbly confession and a stack of circumstantial evidence, so it shouldn't be an issue to prosecute. Not as clean cut as I'd hoped though."
"An infant was dropped off at Princess Royal University Hospital approximately ten minutes ago."
Sherlock stalked closer, towering over him easily because he was standing. "You tell me."
John stifled his bark of laughter with a fist as they entered Sherlock's bedroom and began rearranging.
Once everything was set up to his specifications (laptop on hardwood so it wouldn't overheat and toys in front of him but off the blanket he draped on the floor). "Emmett was it?"
Beyond the body on the floor, it was apparent that a struggle had taken place. Lamps, books, and pillows were strewn about. The coffee table was also definitely knocked out of alignment with the sofa. Sherlock was combing the room for things Anderson's team would miss.
Sherlock gracefully made his way back over, avoiding stepping on any 'evidence' the investigation team was photographing. "They struggled, obviously. He was prepared, paranoid, and tried to subdue the attacker. But somehow the killer got the upper hand. Maybe he was able to get his gun out. I don't know."
"What?" Sherlock had stopped pacing when he saw John's gaze fixed on him, deep in thought.
Sherlock covered his face with his free hand. "That's the problem, John. I
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock felt John was talking about him directly, his worth. And maybe he was. It made his stomach flip regardless. "We will."
in front of us John. I thought he was scared from the break in, but he was scared of
"Brown maintained that what he originally said was his only motive."
"I- I- yes I remember." He swallowed.
John placed everything on the side table then moved that so both of them could reach it. Then he pushed his armchair a bit closer to Sherlock's to make it even easier.
The boys make progress.
"But you are about something?"
He must have stood at the doorway just staring for a bit because John said, "You good?"
"Yes," he flapped his hand near his head. "Just thinking about the case."
Sherlock grabbed the tea John already made for him and sat down at the table. It was strange. The setting was domestic, even with a client and his baby here. The baby maybe even made it more domestic, despite Sherlock never planning on having one. He never considered being a father because it was ridiculous to entertain the idea that someone would enter a long term committed relationship with him. And more ridiculous that they would trust him to be caring and responsible for another life. He'd be an uncle one day though. It was only inevitable that John find a new girlfriend, fiancée, then wife. He'd rather go back to Serbia because it would hurt less.
The wall above the couch still contained a collage of photos and documents from the case. Sherlock always waited until the suspect's verdict was announced before taking it all down, for some sense of closure. Lucky for them, his meticulousness allowed them to jump straight into reexamining every detail.
Talking about Victor Trevor with John last night had been...something. He couldn't necessarily say it reopened old wounds because they hadn't been closed in the first place. It's more like they'd been covered with gauze and now John had removed them. To deal with Victor, Sherlock buried his experience and resulting pain deep in the basement of his mind palace under lock and key. He knew it wasn't technically healthy, but he didn't think feeling it was any healthier. But he knew differently now. It didn't feel as if that part of his life was tucked away anymore.
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock sighed, "I've not been doing that anymore remember?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John quickly caught on and smiled his best honeymoon phase smile at his 'fiancé,' which frankly wasn't that hard.
Sherlock nodded.
Hands slammed on the metal table along with the metallic clank of the cuffs. He spoke with quiet conviction, "They all deserved to die. They would have hurt other people."
"Right," he shifted under the sheets a bit. "Any experiments planned tomorrow?"
"It's fairly easy to procure drugs John, just take out some notes and find a party at the nearest university."
Lestrade must have noticed them in the doorway because he appeared in front of John, blocking his view of Emmett. His eyes held sympathy and frustration both. He opened his mouth and Sherlock cut him off.
"So," John leaned back and crossed his arms. "What do we do?"
Sherlock went straight for the couch and sat perched, with his knees pulled up and arms wrapped around them. His coat bunched out at the sides and his shoes were leaving marks from God knows what London detritus. Despite his overall muted affect, John could tell by the tapping of his fingers how impatient he was waiting on an update.
Sherlock opened one eye to peer at him, having heard his footsteps come back in. "You taking a bath?"
John's blood pressure was really getting a workout this morning. "Our new security, right Mycroft?"
"Are you still angry about the fall?"
Mrs. Hudson sighed, "He doesn't know that. He doesn't know how you feel about him."
"Hmm, sounds like the 'my nappy needs a change' cry."
Thank you all so much for having stayed with me and commented and kudos'd and talked to me on twitter, encouraging me to keep writing! I'll never forget your support and it's why instead of listing this as abandoned I have only said I'm on hiatus. I hope that one day in the future, once I can completely separate my story from the BBC show as a whole, that I can come back and finish it. But that won't be for years so I wouldn't hold your breath.
Sherlock was silent and stared at the one-way mirror with a hard look.
So that's where Sherlock found himself. He laid on his side facing John and watched the slow movement of John's chest. John kept going to bed in pants and a t-shirt, which made Sherlock wonder how it was supposed to be possible for him to
The two stood in silence until Sherlock finished and stubbed out the butt then tossed it into the nearest bin.
Louder and firmer this time. "John, wake up."
They made eye contact and Sherlock quickly gave the cabbie a new address, Emmett's, and promised a couple extra tenners if he sped. There was no reason to think that the killer somehow got wind of the investigation already and planned to break the current modus operandi, but who knew really? They frustratingly still had nothing on the type of person the killer is and no idea how much oversight he has over the rehabilitation center.
"One day, I saw a group of flowers across the street. Big purple ones I hadn't seen before. Without thinking I just ran for them, and he followed me like he always does. But there was-" A crack in his voice forced Sherlock to take a breath. "He got hit and didn't make it."
Sherlock continued scratching at his violin, oblivious to John's thoughts, until the shrill sound of his phone ringing echoed through the flat. He tossed the bow on the couch and tore the mobile out of his jacket pocket, and turned to face John as he answered on speakerphone.
(See the end of the chapter for
"John."
Sherlock's brows furrowed and John chuckled. He pulled Sherlock to a sitting position and removed his socks and shoes for him. He could sense Sherlock staring at him, causing the back of his neck to burn. He felt embarrassed and that this was a bad idea, but there was nothing for it. He made it this far, he was a soldier, he would see it through.
"Make sure he's okay. I don't know how much he's told you about his past, but it wouldn't be unlike him to internalize this. As much as he likes us to think he's invincible."
John smiled back at her and went to join them.
Oh. A flash of hurt went across Sherlock's face. "You would do well to give me the benefit of doubt. We're going to Scotland Yard so I can look at photos from the crime scene because our babysitter isn't available on Tuesdays."
"Then they're from a reptile." John replies.
John laughed, "I thought so."
John stood up to talk with him properly. "Yeah, I'm sorry about that. My partner likes disguises, he's a bit dramatic." He couldn't help but to stare at Sherlock again.
An entire werek where Sherlcok didn't show up happened, and John was concerned,.  IT wasn't lilke this boy and he worried itwas because of his actions with the bully or because of the bully himself. But soon enough Sherlock did come back.
Then John moved out of the way for Sherlock, giving Mrs. Hudson a view of Ella. She gasped and brought her hands together. "Oh, she's still here?"
He didn't reply.
As Emmett climbed inside, and John handed him the carrier, he spoke. "Tell Sherlock thank you for me, yeah?"
"I see you've done research then."
He shook himself out of his reverie and noticed the food was finished being cooked and the two men were settled at the table with plates in front of them. John raised his eyebrows at him, silently asking him to eat something too. Sherlock reached over and stole a small piece of bacon from John's plate and ate it quickly. John rolled his eyes.
. That wasn't your fault and neither would this be. But no harm is coming to her, we're both here for her. You can research all about babies tomorrow, but you're doing your best right now and that's enough. Please, don't do this to yourself." I love you.
The crowd around him was mostly women, and two boys. Of course. Most people happened to be straight os it made sense that women would surround him in awe snad lust. Just hoping to het his number at the end of his run. John wondered who the males were. They didn't seem ofgle Sherlock like the others, just watch him with excitement.
John raised his hands in surrender. "Alright alright, but probably not more than a month. Two at most."
The two arrive at Baker Street just as the sun sets and shadows fall across the street. John unlocks the door and nearly trips over a pram tucked into the side of the foyer. He makes a mental note of their client not being entirely alone, and heads up the seventeen steps to enter their flat. Sherlock follows close behind, eyes glued to his mobile screen as usual.
Luckily, traffic wasn't terrible and the cabbie really wanted the extra money, so they made it to Emmett's fairly quickly. Though not before Scotland yard and the ambulance.
He came back to the room when Ella's face swam into view. John was knelt on the ground in front of him, pushing her gently into Sherlock's chest. Sherlock obediently moved his hands to cradle the girl and smiled down at her. She still had the same balming effect as she did when they first met.
"You worked as a landlord, and your only tenant is Logan Brown, correct?"
Sherlock scoffed, "I was merely imitating what I've seen other adults do."
Once in the living room, he flicked on a lamp and sniffed the baby's nappy. It was due for a change, but she was also probably hungry.
"That's a yes. See, honesty isn't so hard now is it?"
John's breathing began to even out once he was no longer trapped. His expression was distraught, at the man firmly gripping his biceps, he pulled Sherlock into an even tighter embrace.
"Sherlock." He waited until Sherlock looked at him, then held up the file.
John paused momentarily as his brain processed the way Sherlock was framing his body, close enough to smell his body wash and fancy conditioner. Ignoring the desire to lean closer and inhale deeply, he shook himself and spoke. "I knew I recognized this name, London Rehab. Two of the people from the files so far have mentioned this on their Facebook's, plus our current vics. Look," he pulled the two profiles up. "Jessica Reiner and John Bolt, both were being treated there and both were found in a back alley."
After breakfast, Sherlock received a text from Lestrade.
((Why are they always half empty in fics? I know they hace sex a lot but like, it’s always the same amount no matter if it’s their first time ro 80th time))
Sherlock and hon looked at each othwer outside the fair fourns and Hon said, :"We;;, this is one for the sooks."
Self-edited as always, I hope you enjoy!
"3 months."
"Hmm." Sherlock was about to type, but Connor spoke again.
Sherlock looked away sand blushed. “Because I’m not sure it’s going to happen agian.”
"Perfect, you can look over this while I go tell Sherlock." He handed over the menu and padded over to Sherlock's room.
John smiled softly at him and squeezed his knee before sitting back again. "You can't I'm afraid. It's just going to take some time. I'm sorry I made you feel like I was punishing you, I'll work on that."
Wordlessly John went to the stairs in direction of his own bedroom, and Sherlock followed.
His fists which were clenched tightly around the rim of the cot began hurting, his tendons were strained. He clenched harder and closed his eyes.
"I don't know."
"No, you are."
They stared at each other, and John's urge to clear his throat to break the moment was already taken by a black car pulling up to the curb. The two of them got in and road all the way to the hospital in silence. John wasn't sure if it was actually tense or if he was still thinking about the look on Sherlock's face. Either way, the ride felt much longer than the hour and fifteen minutes it actually was.
Sherlock turned his head to face John, one eyebrow raised. "Which means?"
"Yeah, thought so."
"Eleanor, what's this?" They squeezed a small fabric square in front of her face, causing the toy to produce a crinkly noise.
Then, he finally walked over to the dresser and picked up little Eleanor. He waited until they were in the living room to begin soothing her because he'd rather die than admit to anyone he participated in that incessant baby talk adults always do.
John did as instructed, curious to know what Sherlock would do. Luckily, the nappy bag contained spare nappies and a change of clothes along with formula and bottles. The outfit he pulled out was a soft pink onesie, and it wasn't difficult to change the girl, as she was sleeping due to the lack of wriggling.
Mrs. Hudson didn't comment and everyone acted as if John hadn't said what he just said. Sherlock's body was still malfunctioning, more so now. What did that mean? Why would John say that? It could be completely platonic, but what if it wasn't. No, John would never feel that way toward him and it'd be best not to entertain that possibility.
Sherlock grabbed a pen from his pocket and read over the contents of the paperwork. It was a temporary custody forming which allowed the police to sign Eleanor over into the care of one Sherlock Holmes until Zachary Evans was in a prison cell. Seeing the name written made Sherlock's blood boil. He wondered if he would have been better off never learning it. He made a mental note to delete it as soon as the case was closed. He read through the rest of it and signed his name at the bottom with more force than necessary.
The only break to his focus was during lunch when Sarah asked him about the case. He couldn't blame her for being curious, she always did want to hear the stories even if she despised the idea of ever participating again. He kept to the facts and just so happened not to mention Emmett and Eleanor staying with them. That would only spark more questions which he didn't have the emotional energy to answer right now.
The man opened the door a bit wider, picking up on their perceived harmlessness. "Congrats. And uh, yeah you missed him. He left an hour ago."
The horizon tries but it's just not as kind on the eyes" is *chef kiss*
"Besides, you're smarter than most people, so you're already going to have less mistakes than others."
Sherlock knew he wasn't able to hide the flash of hurt that flit across his face at Mycroft's words. And it seemed John saw it. He sat in his chair, violin now on the ground, with his hands trembling slightly. Mycroft was right, and he hated him for it. For throwing his own fears back in his face. He knew Mycroft was just trying to get him to give up this whole 'charade' but it wasn't fair.
~~~~~
Sherlock missed the soft smile John had for him.
The two walked in, and Sherlock took in all the data he could about this man. There wasn't anything that stood out and said "killer," but he supposed the successful ones never really do.
Sherlock flinched at the noise, though luckily no one saw because they were all looking at the double doors expectantly.
loveliest."
Sherlock visibly relaxed and his heart rate climbed back down. With one last boost of courage, he lifted a hand out of the water and rested it on the edge of the tub and closed his eyes.
He wiped his hands dry on a nearby towel and took a moment to stare at Sherlock's face. What was originally tensed in tightly hidden pain, was now smoothed out and serene. He tried committing it to memory as best as he could, though he had no mind palace.
Emmett trusted him. He failed majorly in one respect, the only thing he could do left is to make sure Ella was okay. More than okay.
"Let's go over the case. There's a detail we're missing, but I haven't figured out what."
1) The killer's views on people with substance abuse disorders do not reflect my own obviously.
"No."
"Are you here to make an appointment?"
"Oh, well in that case, thank you." He placed a kiss on Eleanor's forehead and laid her down belly first on the blanket, then moved to sit on the couch nearby so he could keep an eye on her.
It was still morning when they got in bed, so John could only laze around for a few hours before his traitorous stomach signalled hunger. It growled audibly and he groaned into Sherlock's shoulder blades. He didn't want to leave their cocoon of comfort, but neither of them had eaten anything all day.
While John made tea, he covertly watched Sherlock pace around the room and pause once in a while in front of the case wall. John wracked his brain to think of any distractions when the blessed (for once) sound of a baby crying came from the other room.
"Alright," he sighed. "I'll have Donovan write it up, let me know if you find anything."
"I know you care dear, but I'll let you pretend."
"Places that are almost hidden, easily secluded."
John closed his eyes and sighed. He couldn't believe people were still doing this but at thes ame time he coud. He turned to the object of his fantasies and said, "Srorry if I played int things, I just...I didn't want assholes like him thinking that was a bad thing. Cause i'ts not. TO be gay, that is."
John settled in the observation room this time, along with Lestrade and Donovan. He felt no need to reign Sherlock in this time.
After the first several people, Sherlock's mood was lowered abundantly as they all failed to answer what he considered basic questions or were too boring or Ella cried when they held her or, or, or. Mrs. Hudson told him he was maybe being too harsh and should let them have more time to answer such questions.
"One of them did fight actually. He was manic, I think trying to protect his baby from
Sherlock looked down at the hand John had wrapped around his own. John must have been able to tell how hard he was thinking. In reality, he was trying desperately hard to not think at all, but the intrusive thoughts wormed their way in.
They sat on the couch together, sharing the plaid blanket from John's chair. Their sides were pressed together, and both pretended like it was a normal amount of physical closeness. They needed the comfort and reassurance after the heaviness of their conversation.
Sherlock rejoined the other two in the living room a short while later, now clad in pajamas and his blue silk robe. John handed him tea that was still warm, he must have guessed Sherlock would be out soon. He grabbed his laptop and set it on the floor, then placed the baby toys in a neat line.
Sherlock merely hummed in response.
John rubbed his arm once then moved away to talk to Evans, then the two left. He was certain he wouldn't get to eat for hours yet, but accepted this as a usual part of the work.
Mycroft smiled, though it looked somewhat strained as usual, and made himself comfortable in John's chair. "I see that. And tell me, how was the 1000 thread count sheets?"
Evans continued, "They both talked to me, and Mr. Holmes had more than enough time to 'deduce' me. He discounted everything he saw because it wasn't clever enough. He wanted to find a supervillain so he missed what was literally standing in front of him."
((wait hold up drink me used the word meticulousness>>>? Am i fucking english majoy nrow?))
Things were never going to go back to the way they were before the fall, but they could get close. Sherlock confided in John about the PTSD he developed from being constantly undercover and the time he was tortured. John opened up in return about what his nightmares really contain, and how he sometimes still has panic attacks after hearing loud bangs. They were changed, but their friendship had grown stronger because of it.
"/Cool'" Though it was clear Sherlock was just imitating what John said.
(See the end of the chapter for
They used handcuffs and bob-ombs to ensure he wouldn't run again.
John held his gaze steadfastly. There was a world of guilt, pain, and compassion in those eyes and combined with his words it pushed Sherlock. His traitorous body formed tears which he prevented from dropping, but only just barely. It would be a long time before he believed the words John was telling him. After all, a lifetime of being conditioned to believe one doesn't matter, doesn't reverse itself in the span of a single conversation.
The DI shifted his weight awkwardly. "Right. And we have our men placing the ones on that list back into custody."
~~~~~
John carefully slid out from behind him and padded across the room and down the stairs. His body tensed up when he took in the living room and saw the scattered baby belongings. A changing pad here, some stuffed toys there, even the discarded pyjamas from that morning. The best course of action for now, he decided, was to move all of this to Sherlock's room where it could be shut away until Sherlock himself decided he was ready to discard (donate) it.
Eyes scanning the space, Sherlock replied. "Killer's going chronologically through the list of patients, of which you are next. We're going to place you under our own protection as I trust John more than any number of stationed officers, which will of course include your daughter."
John slowsly inserted on efineger adn waited for Sherlock’s nod of consent before moving it around. His doctor fingers expertly found Sherlock’s prostate and rubbed hently.
Sherlock looked over it silently, so Mrs. Hudson piped up. "Thank you, dear, would you like to meet Eleanor?"
Sherlock agreed about the theoretical knowledge but didn't have the energy to argue about what exactly Mycroft was implying. So he changed the subject. "Hand me my phone."
It took a minute, but eventually, the hand under John's loosened and let John's pull it away from the bar. Once both hands were released, Sherlock's breath hitched at the pain of blood flow returning to overstrained tendons and muscle.
Sherlock cursed the speed of available cabs until one finally pulled up and let them in. He shouted the address at the cabbie and promised a sizable tip if he could reach there as soon as possible.
"Then high level security officers will be here within minutes."
John didn't want to break the delicate bubble they were in, but he had to know. "Did you write that?" he whispered.
John noted the needle and vomit stain trailing down the man's mouth and cheek. "This isn't a regular OD."
:"I've wanted you like thi s for a while." John said.
A short minute later, Sherlock joined John in the bedroom with his violin and bow in hand. He stood near the bed and raised his arms to the proper position and began to play.
The nurse handed over Eleanor gently, waiting for Sherlock to get a supportive grip. Sherlock cradled her in his arms and leaned his face down when she still reached her tiny hands up. The fists latched onto Sherlock's curls as soon as they were close enough and her cries quieted down to the occasional whimper. Sherlock shushed her then whispered low enough that no one could hear, "I'm sorry."
Jphn rolled his eyes and wrpapped his arm around sherlock's back. :'You won't say that later in bed tonight."
No doubt his childhood therapist would say, "The only way to avoid feelings is to feel them!" in her annoyingly chipper manner. At the time, it was a stupid method of trying to force him into showing empathy and all emotions in his face. Of course, he felt such things. Just, in a different way than everyone else. The emotions were complicated and overwhelming enough on their own, he didn't want some person trying to force him to do things to look normal. His mother immediately fired the woman when he told her the things she said. Mummy sat him down and said, "You never have to do anything you don't want to do. I know how much you care, that woman is an idiot."
The Detective Inspector walked over to join them.
John conceded, as did Lestrade who positioned officers at the dockyards instead of the airport and train stations.
The process was tricky, as John had only one arm free. His babysitting knowledge from youth came in handy, so he was able to mix a bottle and heat it in the water without too much hassle. Once completed, he settled onto the couch and fed the little girl. He finished the whole task by gently burping and returning her to the drawer-cot.
"You get ten minutes with this, and don't argue because I know that's plenty of time for you."
Sherlock took the proffered laptop and settled comfortably onto the couch with it. John was about to protest because they shouldn't move anything around, but decided against it.
Brown hesitated once more, then finally spoke. "He's my landlord."
An hour later found Sherlock and John sat in an empty conference room at Scotland Yard, surrounded by every case file on a drug overdose victim in London in the last year. They only had the current body and one other from a few weeks ago as definite murders. At the time, Lestrade thought it was a one off until this new body showed up in similar fashion. He informed Sherlock that contacting him for a boring case was not on the top of his to do list, and felt this would be another cold case. However, now they knew the killer was still out there and targeting more people. The only connection being cause of death and drug use.
"Who would you let into the flat?"
He also wondered how Sherlock was doing. Probably conducting some sort of experiment, but John's phone received no alarming texts from him so he was probably fine.
They had the sex and ,
It sounded like a fine enough plan to him, and he was worried that Sherlock would run off without him regardless. Agreeing was perhaps the only way he could keep Sherlock safe. "Fine, but we come back before it gets dark
"John."
). At least he had the foresight to change into pajamas earlier, so he didn't have to walk in the room clad only in a towel. As much as he wanted John to be with him undressed, he'd just feel vulnerable given that there was no guarantee of reciprocal feelings.
They'd jsut recently gotten toghet So John though t they should go on the tunnel of love, the ride with the swans seats, boat things. Sherlock onceded because he loves John and HOn was happy because of it.
The last store they went to, they got some much needed items like a bath, nappy bin, nappies, towels, flannels, and a nightlight. They also begrudgingly bought the baby monitor (a higher tech video version).
Sherlock went to retrieve his coat and scarf and John followed. "Outside London, anywhere from one to two hours. Closer to one at this time and with Mycroft's driver."
Sherlock freezes, looks up and goes "OH" with his orgasm face. "John you're brilliant!"
Lestrade didn't comment on the unfinished deduction. "We'll find him, we always do."
"That's perfect Sherlock."
"The new intern smokes and is very unobservant." He took a long drag.
Sherlock said, "The radius is rather sizeable if we're talking about a straight line, but we're not. And with the amber alert going out on radios, any cabbie with half a brain would recognize him. Which concerns me now that I say it aloud. Perhaps the landlord will avoid getting in vehicles and because of the alert. There's no way he doesn't know. He was playing with us, going after someone else right when his partner was in custody. He's too confident."
Forgive me for killing off Emmett, I honestly didn't think people would like him as much as some of you did.
The baby picture is something he literally just pulled off of google for dramatic effect.
He ran his fingers back and forth across the stripes, watching how the fluffy fibers laid down in the path of his hand. One of the wings were slightly rumpled with dried spit from when Eleanor would suck and chew on it. It was her favorite from the meager selection they bought for her short stay.
Sherlock furrowed his brows, "I know. I told him otherwise."
Maybe they could get a dog? People always end up treating them like human children anyway, it would be good for them.
On the couch laid Sherlock, but he wasn't alone. The small sleeping body of an infant laid on his chest with a bee firmly caught in the grasp of a tiny hand. It had to be Ella.
Neither commented on the fact that their hands still rested together on Sherlock's chest, and it felt too late to move them without being awkward anyway. Why not?
During this, Emmett started heating up a bottle of formula for the baby, and stabbed at his own food while waiting.
"I will."
"Yes, but that makes him dangerous, desperate."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, "Lestrade does that all the time, he has kids."
Back at Baker Street, they found Emmett playing with Eleanor on the rug in front of the fireplace. Mrs. Hudson was in the kitchen cleaning some dishes and stopped when they entered the room.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, "Expand."
Excited to have made the breakthrough in the case once more, John fetched his laptop and settled into his chair to start looking. Sherlock settled across from him, and the only thing that was missing was tea.
Sherlock's eyes were imploring, and even if they had been closed there was no way John would leave him after he asked. It was a wonder he'd even asked at all. To voice his insecurity so readily...John would never.
"This is the work of a serial killer Mr. Wilson, your information will prove invaluable to the search I'm sure."
John smirks and steps closer, face mere centimeters from sHERlock. "IT could make a woman wet."
~~~~~
The man smirked slightly, "Zachary Evans."
Sherlock, unable to stand the weight of it, walked into his room without another word.
He did please. and he entered the shower face to facte, chest to chest, hip to hip, feet to feet, with John.
John closed the laptop and crossed the room to the detective. He caught his arm and gently tugged Sherlock to a seat. "We only have two known victims from a serial killer. How could you possibly deduce things with that amount of information?"
When Sherlock and John finally kiss I'm going to die, my sister is gonna have to upload the chapter for me when the time comes.
“Jphn.” Sheloclk pleaded.
John turned and grabbed two mugs from the cabinet, then added their respective favorite teas (English breakfast for John, Earl Gray for Sherlock). Then he poured the hot water, not bothering to wait until the kettle fully boiled. While they steeped he prepared Sherlock's exactly the way he liked it and received the
"The killer had some way of making them obedient."
John saved him, as usual. "Tilt the bottle so the teat is completely filled with milk. Eliminates air. And angle her up a bit more."
A haunted look came over John's face. "Promise me you won't go out alone. Not until this case is over."
Sherlock couldn't hide his beaming smile if he tried. "Shopping, I don't trust Mycroft's cronies' taste in baby clothes."
Two notes:
"Fewer."
Emmett looked up and realized John was referring to the baby. He cleared his throat a few times and wiped his nose. "Eleanor, she's my daughter. She'll be four months soon, it's why I got clean. We were going to do it together, me and the wife, once we found out she was pregnant. I've never known better motivation than her."
"OIlove you," Sherlock sadi adgiasnt John's collarbone.
While Sherlock's back was turned, John spotted a small patch of drool on his shirt collar where John's face must have been resting. He walked over and poked it with the hand that wasn't supporting Ella before realizing what he was doing.
"...so yes?"
Lestrade turned around. "Always a pleasure, Sherlock."
"Then answer me this, when we open the file, will we find all the patient information?"
“John what-“
"Say what you've been wanting to say all day before I text Molly and bring another head home."
"Where is Eleanor."
"A serial killer has been targeting your recovered patients. We will also need to interview every staff member, beginning with those who have access to medical records."
While Sherlock hailed a cab, John asked Mrs. Hudson if she could keep their guest company. She agreed, as she'd already planned on doing so so she could see "the lovely girl" again.
"This is Laney. She found out she was pregnant and got clean. Her and her husband Emmett kept each other going and went to meetings together. Their daughter Eleanor is almost four months old now, did you know that? Did you even know she had a child? Do you even care at all about the families and friends of your victims? Your kind never realize that when they murder one person, they murder that entire person's family too." He placed the pictures down along with his hands and a bit of force.
John heard the door ipen and called oaiut, :"HEy!"
The naps were a different monster, but Sherlock and John tried their best to convince her to sleep. Ella, it seemed, decided to ruin her sleep schedule after a relatively perfect first night over. They tried feeding her, changing an already clean nappy, giving toys, giving dummies, and rocking, all to no avail. Even the dummies were spat out onto the floor. John thanked his foresight to buy multiple to cycle through, so they didn't constantly have to wash the same one.
He shook his head, as if to rid the thoughts physically. He would have to wait until the case was over to attempt discussing things, it wouldn't do to distract himself from a serial killer. Unable to keep still though, he reached for his violin and resigned himself to plucking a soft rhythm out of its strings. One that came to mind earlier while rocking the baby.
((I diont’ remember a single quotiation rule right now, apoligise to my 300 level fiction enlgish professor, you did your best))
If it broke John's heart, he couldn't imagine how much worse it was for Sherlock.
John crossed his arms, "Unknown where Brown got the drugs from to do this, but I guess he'd just need money and...um."
John walked over and put a hand on Eleanor's head. "You can't take her to a crime scene, Sherlock."
Emmett sat down on the sofa and ran his hands through his hair, the bags under his eyes were even more pronounced than yesterday. "How does that work then? Will you be staying here with me?"
Sherlock was recovered from Serbia on the 10th of October, but the day John remembers is the 13th, when Sherlock returned to London. John was sat at a fancy restaurant with one Mary Morstan, ready to propose. He couldn't have asked for a better deterrent from what would have been a big mistake.
(See the end of the chapter for
bedroom.
John replied, "We'll let you know." He glanced at Sherlock, heart warmed at the sight of him cradling Eleanor. Though he did need to talk to him alone, so he made eye contact and nodded his head in the direction of the kitchen.
"She's out there, yeah?" He wrapped his other hand underneath the bar, successfully cocooning Sherlock's fist in his. "So she needs you. Come on."
As sweet as it was, the doctor in John spoke up. "Perfect makeshift cot, but we need to swaddle her in the blanket like this." The job he did made it so Eleanor's arms were tucked in and she was surrounded by the warm embrace of the fabric. "She could suffocate on the loose blanket, and she's not rolling around yet so she'll be safe like this."
"Yes, just go. We've shared a bed before John, it's not that different."
John looked up at the sound of a disgruntled detective making a loud thump. Sherlock had flopped onto the couch and started running his fingers through his curls in frustration.
John moved to hug her first, "How was your sister?"
Lakitu and everyone else gaspe.
Sherlock seemed hesitant to say, he avoided John's gaze. "Ella's Lullaby."
This chapter felt right to go into their thoughts way more than having dialogue, and I'm pleased how it turned out. Took me a while to write though!
"Okay, what else?"
Sherlock said, "If you think I'm making tea again you're mistaken."
Eleanor immediately disliked being handed off to a stranger and began wailing in earnest. She reached her hands out to Sherlock and looked utterly betrayed. The worker tried soothing her to no avail and left the room quickly, baby crying growing fainter as the door closed behind her.
"We've got him cornered."
"I'm quite tired myself, I need to set up sheets on the couch though."
"Yes."
Sherlock furrowed his brows at John in confusion while he started getting Ella buttoned up in her coat and hat.
I'm back after another unplanned and unwarned hiatus, rest in peace to you all I'm sorry! I've a lovely group of people now encouraging me to write and helping me with writer's block though, so hopefully this doesn't happen again.
"Our killer injected the victim with..."
In Baker Street, he tried removing his coat only to realize the baby carrier was still strapped to his body. It sent alarms off in his head and he needed it off now.
When their little meal was complete, Sherlock came downstairs with John. John wondered if he just didn't want to be alone until he spotted the man staring at the case wall. Shit. He knew he forgot something earlier.
Perhaps there was more to it than the guilt John suspected. Perhaps Sherlock, deep down, wanted a family. A want that was beaten into submission from the cruel words of bullies and family alike. It was terribly sad, John thought, that Sherlock maybe never got the chance to want this.
"Yes, and there were no signs of struggle on any of them."
Sherlock moved to his chair and brought his hands together under his chin, staring at John all the while. John was in his own chair, pretending to read for the past hour. Sherlock noticed how he'd barely turned more than five pages.
Sherlock looked up and John was looking at him like
"I mean, uh. Are there other people besides you that have access to the flat or who you would allow here without your presence?"
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath to steady himself. After the case, he reminded himself. After the case they could talk. He reopened his eyes and stood up, baby still in hand. He went into the kitchen and handed her back over to Emmett carefully.
Sherlock smirked at the fact that Lestrade hadn't considered they already searched it themselves. "No need, it was on the patient information list."
Sherlock prepared to open his mouth when a throat clearing interrupted them. "I'm just gonna go upstairs then. You two seem like you need a minute alone." Emmett took the nappy bag and went upstairs, and the sounds of a disgruntled waking baby grew fainter behind him.
Sherlock kept himself busy the rest of the night. He played through no less than ten different scenarios involving his confrontation with [name deleted].
"Are we good?"
~~~~~~~~~~
"They usually are when he's involved."
At this, the gresasy guy, moriaryt, gto scared at Joh'n's face and obvious muscle mass and left without another worsd.
The investigation is reexamined.
Mrs. Hudson sat on the couch with Ella while Sherlock sat next to her with a spreadsheet open on his laptop. If they passed the process, each person would be scored on different categories and the one with the highest number of points would be hired. The categories included availability, personality, preparedness for emergencies, knowledge, Eleanor's receptiveness to their presence, and other factors.
That fucker is finally going to prison.
"Acceptable."
Sherlock placed his hand on the small of John's back and moved closer to him. "Hi, don't tell me we missed Logan?"
In his mind palace, he weighed the pros and cons of a possible solution. He could use the monitor as a walkie-talkie of sorts and ask John to come to bed. But that would open himself up to scrutiny, and possibly reveal his true feelings. But John was a good man, if he didn't want to then he would simply ignore the message and feign sleep. That is if he isn't already asleep and wouldn't hear it at all. On the other hand, John could be awake and hear it and listen. Honestly, the chance of that happening, albeit slim, was enough for Sherlock to push his roiling anxiety aside.
(See the end of the chapter for
Then Sherlock had asked him if it was the right thing to do to inform someone that their partner is unfaithful. John, of course, said yes and that's when he learned that Mary is not the sweet nurse he thought she was. It didn't take him long to get over her, his thoughts were now occupied with Sherlock. So in the end, it wasn't a big deal, it was a whirlwind relationship he planned on settling for after all.
Sherlock crossed his arms, "It's possible I knew about the song before meeting Eleanor."
He could hear John groan as he stood up and padded upstairs. Sherlock sighed. He couldn't avoid the awkwardness after all.
"I just assume because murdres are syusally maen cause they nastie."
Sherlock perked up at the new possibilities. "Excellent idea John, I already have five different studies to conduct."
(See the end of the chapter for
The seat on the three dimensional swan was narrow and had them pressed together. The only problem this caused was that now they had sexual tension. ( I looked away for that whole lin3 and typer is t perfectly so drunk alex is GREAT at typing confirmed.P
"I'm sure you heard it from Logan. We bonded over our philosophy of addicts. They're a drain on society, they should be left to die, not treated. There's no treatment for that, they will always start using again and hurt other people."
By the time John came back, Sherlock discarded multiple files as obvious accidental overdoses. He looked up as John walked in and saw that John brought him his own coffee. John handed it over without a word, and started on one of the untouched piles.
John stood up and squeezed Sherlock's shoulder as he passed by. "On it."
Sherlock's eyes still scanned the files.
"I'm going to my room. Experiment."
Sherlock observed a flash of contempt on Evans' face, one corner of his mouth raised. It seems Lestrade had something hidden that Evans never expected to be brought up.
"Can you make something a bit stronger than tea? Then we can talk."
After Sherlock put Eleanor down for a nap, John pointed to the couch and said, "Sit."
Sherlock hummed while he was rubbing in the conditioner. John had never seen him so relaxed. Scratch that, he'd seen him more relaxed one other time, which was when he woke up cradled in John's arms. Please god, let that happen again. And again.
The two men took a cab, and Sherlock gave the instructor an address for a more expensive neighborhood just outside the city. During the drive, Sherlock took the list of patients from John and scanned it, frowning at what he saw.
"Fuck.
"I will."
Sherlock was aggravated. Of course this would be the first interesting case in months and simultaneously be a case in which multiple people seemed apt to tie his hands. He stared out the window of their cab, one hand closed in a fist and pressed against his frowning mouth. The other rested in the space next to him.
He crumpled up that file too and once everything was in the pile, a box of matches appeared in his empty hands. He took out three and struck them across the black strip along the boxes side. Once lit, he tossed them on the pile along with the rest of the box and watched the contents of the cabinet become engulfed in flames.
He put the whole mess in the rubbish bin without a word and went back to the couch where he flopped down and raised his hands in their classic prayer pose. He closed his eyes and opened them to the halls of his palace. Ella's cries from earlier still echoed, so he ran through it until he turned down a branch and opened the double doors of the case wing. He slammed the doors closed behind him, effectively sealing off the noise. It couldn't touch him here. For this case, he'd subconsciously filed Emmett and Eleanor in a different area, one better suited to emotions. He simultaneously cursed and thanked himself for doing so.
Sherlock grabbed the pair on top to inspect it better. It was a boxer brief style that had tiny images of beakers and Erlenmeyer flasks. It was dotted with little bubbles and the containers were filled with different colored liquids (purple, green, and red). This was to both Sherlock’s surprise and delight. As much as he liked to think he was above everyone, he was a fucking nerd.
No response.
"John?"
Sherlock felt embarrassed. John was making entirely too much of a big deal about this. "This can't honestly surprise you, I have a skull named Billy."
Sherlokck takes the flecks out of the evidence bag with tweezers and sets then on a petri dish. Unsure what they are, he suspends them in a general distelled watwers solution. He separates scales out (that much he can tell, they are scales) so he can test different things on them.
Sherlock complied and John took a seat next to him, leaving a couple feet of space in between.
Sherlock had only moved to rest his head face down on his knees, hands now gripped his curls. Something tugged in John's stomach at the sight. He walked over and sat down in front of Sherlock on the coffee table and pressed the warm cup against one of Sherlock's hands.
Sherlock exhaled a shaky breath and dropped his shoulders. The gentle massage through his scalp, which was always rather sensitive, became a new focal point. It worked effortlessly as a buoy to keep him from drifting too far out to sea.
"I'd be more inclined to agree if she weren't currently drooling," said Sherlock.
"Not sure, we still don't have much data on him. I don't know how he thinks yet." The disdain was obvious in his voice.
"I'm positive Mr. Holmes, I knew them. And I know this was murder. Can you help me?"
"Why would I know? That's a horrible thing to do!" He spluttered.
"She won't." John used his captain voice, hoping it had some kind of effect on Sherlock.
The two of them left the hospital and reentered the car that brought them there as if they were new parents. And in a way, they were.
"Yes 'oh.' I don't think drug addicts are a waste, of the NHS' time or of anything. And I certainly don't think they should die." John stared until Sherlock met his gaze. "We need to find him."
~~~~~
"Good thing I wasn't planning on asking you to do the interrogation. I swear you forget you're not actually a part of the force sometimes."
"You let your hatred fester, and never got over it. What would they think if they saw you now? Taking others' lives, making someone else's child an orphan?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes but followed.
They drank in comfortable silence, the kind only close friends and lovers could share. As still as the morning was, there was an undercurrent of anticipation thrumming through Sherlock's body. He felt confident that they would find strong suspects today, not to mention getting everyone at risk under protection so the killer couldn't strike again.
