“Seriously?” Tony said out loud to nobody, apparently, since Steve was busy bustling around in the kitchen. When Tony walked through the threshold he saw Steve carefully placing the cookies on a cooling rack, trying his best to keep their shape.
“Tony! Oh my God, put that down!” Steve nearly screamed, grabbing a rag off the counter and using it to all but yank the pan out of Tony’s hand, making the cookies slide dangerously across the parchment paper. Tony started to make a grab towards them again, but Steve bodily pushed him back.
Tony sighed. “That’s — one thing, this was…something else,” he replied, his voice choppy as he tried to come up with an explanation off the top of his head, but it wasn’t working out.
“Hi, my name is Tony, how may I help you today?” He’d recited with a smile, pen at the ready as Steve looked up at him.
A sob tore through the empty bathroom. Steve came back. Tony hadn’t seen him. It was a closed casket. He wouldn’t ever see him like he did that day at the pier.
Steve’s eyes moved away from the photo to another one of the two of them, taken during their vacation to Hawaii, then to another from their senior prom. Tony couldn’t even guess how many pictures he’d had printed; there were dozens spread everywhere. He squeezed Steve’s hand.
When they got to his door, Tony hesitated, key in the lock. “Are you…” He started, turning towards Steve, “Do you want to come in? I mean, I know you’re not far, but the least I could do is give you a cup of coffee, if you wanted. I mean, unless you just wanted to go to bed, which is – fair.”
"Have you read it?" Steve asked, sounding mildly impressed.
They’d drawn the curtains in an attempt to make it seem more like Christmas and less like summer outside for Steve, which also meant Tony couldn’t stare desperately out the window for signs of a flurry. He huffed again, turning back into the warm chest he was on and tightening his fingers in Steve’s sweatshirt. The chest in question took another, deeper breath, signaling to Tony his brooding might have disturbed Steve.
“You didn’t have to do that.” Tony said numbly.
Tony nuzzled a little closer to the hollow of Steve’s throat, finally turning his face away from the dying fire, closing his eyes and breathing in the familiar scent of Steve. Steve, still sleeping, responded by tightening his arm around Tony’s back that was cradling him to his chest. Tony squeezed his eyes tight against the sudden burn there. He knew Steve’s alarm would go off in another hour or so, and that meant he’d have to leave to catch his early flight back to New York. And Tony would have to stay here, in Malibu. It was a cruel ending to the brief yet wonderful holiday Steve had managed to get from his work. They’d both spent the past few days more or less in a self-imposed exile in Tony’s house, oscillating between this chair, the kitchen, the bedroom, and, on one memorable night, the rooftop that was most definitely not made for sitting. Tony managed to catch the chuckle that wanted to escape at the memory before it left his lips so that it only came out as a breathy huff and small jerk of his shoulders.
Steve pushed his hair out of his eyes again and pressed a kiss to the tip of his nose. “Go put on some pants, I’ll get all my things in the car and maybe we’ll have time to grab some breakfast and coffee on the way, yeah?”
“Tony,” Steve said in that voice that really said
Maybe it was the comfort of knowing a Campus Safety officer was already on his way, or maybe it was the frustration of being on edge all night, but Tony answered.
“You have nothing to apologize for. I was the one being an ass.” Steve told him.
“Why don’t I walk you up?” Steve asked, already shutting off his car.
“I’m so sorry about your coffee, I didn’t even see you there.” Jeremy continued, frowning forlornly down at Tony’s spilled coffee.
Tony blinked for a moment, still trying to comprehend the situation that was apparently happening, before bolting out of bed and nearly ripping the door off of its hinges. Sure enough, there stood Steve at the other end of the door, a duffle bag and backpack both slung on his shoulders, his phone pressed to his ear, and a tired, hopeful smile on his face. Tony felt his phone drop someone on the carpet before he flung himself into his boyfriend’s chest, disregarding the heavy bags he was still holding. Steve fumbled for a second trying not to drop everything, but Tony ultimately ended safely nestled against Steve’s chest, his arms tightly wrapped around his neck, face nuzzled into his shoulder, and his feet not touching the ground.
“I didn’t actually leave, Tony, I don’t think I deserve the same homecoming I had when I first got here,” Steve told him, but Tony could hear the smile and excitement in his voice.
“It’s just a table,” Steve whispered roughly.
“They need everyone they can get,” Steve shrugged. Yeah, shipping out two days after his eighteenth birthday wasn’t that fair, but it was happening to everyone now. At least Steve finished high school. “I got a buddy over there already. Bucky?”
“Just...wondering when I’ll get my first letter,” he replied, red filling his cheeks adorably.
“As soon as I get some paper it’ll be sent,” Steve promised gently.
“I’m not saying it’s your fault, I’m – “ Steve cut himself off, forcing the rest of his breath out harshly. “I’m just worried.”
Fuck. Bucky turned away, closing his eyes as violent sobs wracked against him, but still all he saw was red.
"Which was your favorite?"
Steve was coming home. No more letters or waiting anymore.
“Steve.” Tony breathed out almost silently. It had been…well, years wasn’t even an exaggeration. Once Peter had gotten his license, Tony never had a reason to see Steve anymore, even out a car window. Their divorce had nearly torn Tony to shreds, and while he’d never even so much as hint to Peter any negative thoughts about his Pops, that didn’t mean Tony would willingly visit him if he didn’t have to.
“It’s fine, I’m just on my way to – “ Tony started.
“Well you must’ve done something to make him want to wait outside your work –“
“But then what would I keep you around for?” Tony asked
“Thank you,” Steve replied with a small, relieved huff, and Tony felt as if he was being thanked for something beyond taking an order.
“I only live a few blocks from campus.”
“You suck,” he muttered, but there was about as much heat to it as there was in Tony’s toes, which wasn’t a lot, and he squeezed himself under Steve’s arm before taking one of the drinks for himself.
Mrs. Barnes knew. Tony had known the moment he showed up that she knew. He almost left, but she’d smiled kindly at him, greeted him like an old friend even though they’d never met in his life.
“I know you’re still in school, probably got loads of friends there. Bet you got a sweetheart, too, but, uh, if it wouldn’t be too much of a bother--” Steve started haltingly.
Tony’s options were steadily dwindling, and he wondered if he would have to stay in the lab all night. And then what? Would Jeremy still be bold enough to follow him in the daylight? He had earlier, and it was obvious he was getting more violent by the second.
“Okay. Okay, good.” Peter seemed to take another breath. “Did you – I mean, was he still – “
“I drink enough – I’m not even having this discussion with you again.”
“Uh-uh, I thought the mood was ruined on account of my creative Rudolph decor,” Steve reminded him, plucking the remaining half out of his hand and eating it in one bite.
Tony grumbled to himself for a second before landing solidly on avoidance, and grabbed Steve’s wrist to pull him the other way. “Here, the lights are in the closet. All the way to the right on the top,”
He learned that Steve spent his senior year in an orphanage, after his mother died. His mother had died slowly, right before Steve’s eyes. He said he barely even got to see her at the end, because she’d always been so fearful he’d catch something after he’d been so sickly as a child.
“Sure, Darling, I’m sure they are.” Tony could watch Jeremy nodding from the window, an overexaggerated movement Jeremy probably wanted him to catch in the dim light.
“Okay, it’s just that you’re usually asleep by nine with all the other grandparents in the world. Did you call for a lecture on healthy sleeping habits? I have at least two of yours memorized.”
“Well you were too busy scolding me for talking about how much I love you — now, hush, Sweetheart I’m trying to talk to someone,” Steve said, hooking an arm around his waist to pull him back and out of his way. Tony huffed, crossing his arms as the worker brought over the two drinks, forcing Steve to let him go so he could grab both.
“Who else is with you at the lab?” Peter almost sounded accusatory.
“I always just wondered.” Tony confessed.
“You’re changing the subject,” Tony countered, and he could hear Steve’s low chuckle at the other end of the phone. “Why can’t you sleep, Darling?”
“Are you alright? Why weren’t you answering?”
“You know you could always call me. If you – if you’re in trouble. I’m not that far.” Steve offered.
All that to say, the idea that had struck Tony a couple of weeks ago was still lying disassembled on the spare bed. Mostly it was pictures, dozens of them that Tony had gotten printed and spread across the comforter so he could choose his favorites and try to fit them into an okay looking collage on the still uncut piece of wood lying next to them. The ingredients for his home-made mod-podge were on the night stand.
"He might have seen what he shouldn't have done, but what really got through to him was seeing what happened to his future. He knew his past was shitty, but realizing that his future was even shittier made him want to change it. You have to look ahead to the future to know what you want to do now."
“I’m trying to imagine it. Are we talking a medieval replica or like a katana or something?”
“Yeah, I guess.” Tony echoed faintly, turning to face Steve fully for the first time since he’d gotten in the car. Steve was already looking back at him, his blue eyes boring into his. He’s known him for almost 20 years, and Steve was still one of the most gorgeous people he’d ever seen. No celebrity on any magazine or Greek god in any painting even came close. It was a fucking travesty is what it was.
There was an appropriately snarky and hilarious remark stuck somewhere in Tony’s throat, he knew there was, but it stopped half-way up when Tony saw Steve’s lips turn into that cocky smirk Tony saw so rarely. His blue eyes glimmered in the way they only did when he pulled off one of his missions that he set his mind to, but Tony saw the exhaustion behind them too. He had put work into this, clearly. To get the time off, bribe their friends into not spilling the beans, pack, pay for a plane ticket, and fly into Malibu in the middle of the night to spend as much time with Tony as he could.
“Oh, so it’s my fault? Well, I guess that’s usual with you,” Tony seethed.
Tony was suppressing a smile so hard his cheeks started to ache. “Darn, that sounds like you’re going to have to do it here in front of the fire with me around then.”
“I thought some of the bigger pieces might come in handy some day, so I threw them in my workshop, and I had everything from my workshop shipped here, and viola! My hoarding tendencies came in handy.”
It was silent for a moment. Steve cleared his throat. “You’re cute when you blush.” He murmured, giving a shy smile.
His voice echoed loudly of the walls, going sharp on the notes that were too low for him and flat on the ones that were too high, swinging his voice up and down in a truly embarrassing way, but damn if Tony wouldn’t murder anybody who tried get him to stop. He had worked hard in order to be able to witness Steve sing as unabashedly around him as possible, and he was never going back to anything else.
“Well, clearly I did, since that could have been something really bad, Tony.” Steve snapped, some tension leaking into his voice. Tony saw his knuckles turn white on the steering wheel.
“Anywhere you have to be? Let me buy you a new one, to make up for it.” Jeremy offered, a new smile on his face as he shifted his weight closer.
“Yeah you did,” Steve replied reasonably. “I think the decision tore you apart more than actually being away does.”
“Tony!” Jeremy’s smarmy voice came from the other end. “Are you finally off work? Most of the shops might be closed, but we can totally come back to my place for – “
“Because I wanted to see if you wanted me to want you to stay.”
“You should say yes.”
“What is it? He was a bit touchy, but he seems charming enough to pull it off. Is it the distance? Obviously he’s fine with driving out, since he drove all the way there – “
“I’m fine, Tony, I already said that.”
“You suck,” Tony laughed, shaking the snow off of his hat from where Steve had just smeared it.
He ignores the next few texts and calls that come in, but that doesn’t stop the mounting dread building inside of him. He’d told Peter he’d call Campus Safety mostly to make him feel better, but he really was thinking about it at this point. Tony wasn’t a small guy (he was average height for American men, thank you very much), and he knew some basic self-defense moves from marrying an ex-Army captain, but he had no idea what this Jeremy guy had up his sleeve. The only problem with Campus Safety is they would only take him to the edge of campus. He checked his watch; if he called now, he might get an officer in about 45 minutes, and it was already past one in the morning.
"Sure, Tiger, you're just a never-ending beacon of sexual energy," Steve responded with a monotone. "How about some pancakes to fill that voracious appetite?"
a world like that somewhere.
It wasn’t until Steve had gotten in and started driving that he spoke again, eerily calm for the situation. “Peter called me.”
The thought of Peter snapped Tony back to reality, and he finally pulled away. Steve stayed leaned over the center counsel, though, so even after Tony sat back in his seat, there was only half a foot of space between them.
Steve finally looked up at him. “Wondered what?”
Tony sighed at the empty bed again, eyeing Steve's copy of Dickens suspiciously. While it was mostly to rile Steve up, he stood by what he said. Sure, Tony had a shitty childhood, something he'd never like to rehash with any being, supernatural or no, again, but he'd done the therapy thing. Went through the trauma and daddy issues he had piled on his plate. But what made him want to be a better man was the worry of how he'd fuck his future with all that baggage.
He shook his head, getting rid of the melancholy thoughts, and hurried out the door, now fully clothed, back to Steve. Steve was standing by the front door facing away from Tony, his duffle and backpack set down beside him, and his phone pressed to his ear. Tony slid up behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist, pressed his cheek between his shoulder blades.
“It’s not,” Steve counted, voice barely there. “Maybe that’s why I’m dead.”
“We’ll get to that, don’t you worry,” Tony smirked back, enjoying the gentle flush that filled Steve’s cheeks that Tony knew wasn’t from the cold. “You love these kind of winter-y things Steve, don’t pretend you don’t. And you’re the one who could actually carve the time out, so—“
Of course, all it was in the end was a dream. Just a dream.
working
“Come on, City Boy, I’ll buy you a hot chocolate,” Tony told him, steering them vaguely towards the exit but mostly letting Steve do the heavy lifting.
“Oh hush, I need to get this done. You could help, you know,” Steve suggested before going back to rolling out the dough and grabbing the cookie cutters he wanted.
“Okay, Shakespeare,” Bucky needled him fondly.
“I know, I’m sorry, I just—“ He wiped his sleeve against his eyes harshly.
He was holding a coffee in one hand and checking his phone with his other, looking for a Peter’s usual check in, when something bumped him hard enough that his coffee flew to the ground.
“Even before that, Tony, asking me how I felt or what I wanted was your last resort. You always just guessed, watched what went wrong, and guessed again.” Steve argued, slamming the glass back on the table.
"Well, that's because some supernatural being came and showed it to him," Steve's mouth twisted in the way that meant he was digging his heels into an argument. Tony loved seeing that face, barring actual arguments in their relationships, but for little things like this it always meant Tony was going to have some fun. "Realistically, Scrooge had to learn more from seeing how his past mistakes affected other people."
"You're ridiculous," Tony got out between giggles. Steve rolled his eyes in response, then finally put a bookmark between the pages he was on and moved to get up.
“I’ll say,” Tony agreed. “Blonde hair, blue eyes, you even still smell a bit like apple pie. Be honest with me, it’s just your natural scent, isn’t it?”
Except for one of the clerks at the hotel.
"I'm too comfy to be hungry," Tony pouted again, pulling the blankets back up to his chin and fixing Steve with a petulant glare.
Steve looked down at the piece of wood, tears slowly filling his eyes. “Steve…” Tony said gently, then opted to slot himself into his arms instead, wrapping his own arms around Steve’s waist and holding him close.
He decided to chance it anyway, and went to stand by the front doors to the lab so he could watch when the officer finally pulled up. The doors were made of glass, so he could see out into the night; with a jolt of relief, he noticed he couldn’t see any sign of Jeremy anywhere.
“That’s really not necessary,” Tony denied, trying to keep a polite smile on his face even as alarm bells rang incessantly in his head, “I’m actually on my way to work, so I have to get going. It was nice to see you again.” Tony scooped up the now empty coffee cup and tried to sidestep where Jeremy was standing in front of him. Jeremy took the opportunity to take a step forward so that they met in the middle and put a hand on his waist.
“How many do I pick? What will fit on the wood do you think?”
“That doesn’t make me feel much better,” Steve chastised, pushing a hand through Tony’s hair to get it out of his eyes. “You should take better care of yourself.”
“July fourth? Really? How patriotic.” Tony teased fondly.
He had been there for a little while, greeting some students who came and went, when his phone buzzed. He quickly glanced at the screen in case it was Peter, but saw it was from an unknown number.
“I’ll put that in right away,” Tony assured him softly.
“Well, thanks for your permission.” Tony snorted.
“How you were doing. How everyone was doing. I’d just sit there and wonder about it until I thought I went crazy with it.”
“You were laying down in bed right at this moment,” Steve deadpanned with scary accuracy, as usual.
“So, there is something else to talk about?” Peter challenged, ever persistent.
Steve pouted at him. “I’m not ready to give it up yet,”
“What do you think the future’s gonna be like, Buck?” Steve murmured, still looking down at the picture.
"Very poetic. You haven't even read the book, why are you arguing with me about it?"
Steve broke the silence first, “Are you okay?”
“You want to come get the door, Sweetheart? I know Malibu’s a lot warmer than New York, but your neighbor’s starting to give me weird looks,”
Tony knew. He’d seen the paper. Bought it. Tore it apart. Bought another one. Put it with the letters and the pictures in a box where his dad wouldn't see.
Tony pulled back this time, lifting his eyes up to meet Steve’s warm blue ones. “How did you—“
Tony rolled his eyes again at his ridiculous and totally unfunny boyfriend, but took the out because, well, skating took a lot out of your legs, okay?
“Okay, if you’re sure,” Steve was saying to whoever was on the other line. “We’ll have to keep an eye on it…Yeah, I have it with me. I can definitely take care of it…Uh-huh, you too, Sir. See you soon.” He ended the call and turned so he could face Tony and return the hug. “So that’s really crazy.”
Tony responded by immediately flopping fully on top of Steve, burying his head in the crook of his neck, bringing both his arms up to wrap around his neck, and curling his knees so they rested more fully on Steve’s lap. “No,” Tony stated firmly, voice muffled.
“I’d love to get letters from you,” Tony blurted, probably too fast. Steve looked up at him again, a pleased but shy look in his eyes.
Tony clutched at the last letter Steve had written him, before the one saying he was finally coming home.
Tony didn’t know what the right answer was to that, so he stayed silent, staring down at the table in front of him. He heard Steve sigh and get up. “Maybe I should go.”
“Do you really want me picking out the shapes?” Tony asked dubiously.
Tony told him about being lonely, about his father’s high expectations and his mother’s absent gaze. He told him about how Jarvis had taught him to hide his Elvis posters in a box so his dad wouldn't see.
Jeremy didn’t stay to ask him about it though. As soon as Steve emerged from behind his car, Jeremy scrambled back inside the passenger seat of the van, which promptly took off down the street.
Tony didn’t fight the grin that came, just kept it gentle enough that Steve couldn’t take it as being laughed at. “You know, Clint makes a mean apple pie,” Tony suggested. “Our cook,” He then clarified at Steve’s confused look. “Don’t think he’s touched a measuring cup in his life, but somehow he pulls everything together okay. If you were stuck,” He added, still smiling in hopes of putting Steve’s obviously jittered nerves at ease.
“I think I’ll live,” Steve replied exasperatedly, but his smile was fond as he gazed over at Tony. Tony looked down at his shoes, his cheeks growing warm under Steve’s look. After nearly two years, he thought he would have gotten used to this by now, but having someone love him enough to be content just looking over at him still took him off guard.
“Yeah, I bet,” Tony agreed quietly, his heart hurting. “I miss you too. A lot. I didn’t think it would be this hard to be so far away from you.”
A hand rubbed up Tony’s back as he watched Steve’s eyes blink open slowly, taking in the darkness and the last embers in the fireplace before looking down and locking on Tony.
"Never enough of you," Tony tried to reply smoothly, but a yawn took a little bit of the message away from his words.
“Hey!” Tony nearly shouted, whirling around to see if he couldn’t grab the cash back. “I said
“Would you…” Steve hesitated. Tony waited patiently. “You wouldn’t want to sit and join me for a slice, would you?”
Steve broke the silence by meekly saying, “I do really have to work today, though.”
“It’s barely eight, Dad.”
“That sounds about perfect to me, Sweetheart,” Steve smiled, “Let’s go home then.”
Tony felt a pang of sadness in his chest. This beautiful boy, and he had no one in this world?
They clunked onto the platform and Tony held onto the railing while his body got used to being on ground that didn’t want to kill you. “Why did humans turn this into a sport? There are a million movies telling you how dangerous walking onto a frozen body of water is,”
“S’eyes look gold in the sunlight,” Steve babbled almost incoherently.
“You never could get out of your head and just ask me.” Steve muttered.
“Stevie, come on, just a little while longer...Stevie, come on,” Bucky tried to reach out to him, knock against his shoulder so he could grumble and yell at him, like they had so many mornings before, but he couldn’t. His arm wouldn’t cooperate. He turned his head to look and found nothing. It was there before. What happened to it? “Steve? Stevie, have you seen my arm? It was...It was just here…” Bucky let out a sob, turning his head all the way to the left and seeing Steve, holding the picture. The one with Tony and Pepper. Smart. Steve did say he was smart.
(Spoiler alert: Steve wouldn’t change a damn thing.)
They never really talked about how long this would last, because neither of them knew. Tony felt a clenching at the pit of his stomach at the thought, but, as if sensing the direction of his thoughts, he felt Steve’s hand gently pull his chin up to meet his gaze.
“—but is that really someone you thought you could bring around Peter? I mean, he’s a part of your life too – “
Steve had been shaky and awkward and probably come off dumb as a pole
“I would rather die than let anything happen to Peter because of me.” Tony nearly whispered, an intensity welling up in himself that almost scared him. “You think that I – that that was something I wanted? He was a clerk at the hotel Peter and I stayed at last week and that’s it. He was – he…I barely knew him, I didn’t say two words to him. I don’t know how he knew where I worked or where I lived or my Goddamn phone number, I –” A sob cut him off and it took him a second to realize it had come from him.
“Hi, could we have two large hot chocolates? Thank you so much,” Steve said over Tony’s head, then his arm lifted as he presumably handed over some cash to the worker.
Tony laughed again, pushing off the wall of the skating rink so he could glide a few feet in front of Steve before he caught up. Tony knew he couldn’t get far without Steve to hold onto, but he liked the little thrill he got when he felt Steve hurry after him and put a hand on the small of his back to steady him.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “No, he told me to stay put. He’s sending a bunch of files my way to sort through though.”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed noncommittally, worry eating away at him again. “Did you want to go to the beach? We could probably still make a day of it if we were quick.”
. Listen to me, Stevie, come on.”
“You weren’t going to go at first,” Steve accused.
“Where’d you even meet this guy, anyway?” Steve burst out a bit vehemently, that unending judgement woven into his words just like Tony remembered.
“Yeah, yeah, get it out,” Steve replied with a friendly smile. “I’m the pinnacle of patriotism.”
“There it is.” Tony rolled his eyes.
“Just pulling onto my street now. Say hi, Pops,” Tony pulled the phone away and faced it towards Steve.
“Thinking about something?” The fretting hunk in question broke Tony out of his thoughts. He lifted his eyes from where they had been staring at his skates glide in and out smoothly (with Steve’s help) to meet Steve’s. The blue looked even brighter next to his pink tinged skin. “You’re never usually this quiet. Did you hit your head on fall number 17?”
“It wasn’t…It wasn’t that bad,” Tony replied, leading the way to his kitchen. Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “Well, at least it wasn’t when you made it.” This made Steve jerk his head up a bit to look at him, confusion written all over his face.
“Well it won’t be this year, will it,” Tony muttered miserably to the crook of his elbow.
But this wasn’t college. He wasn’t 20 years old anymore, and he and Steve weren’t even together.
“Wait, no, not in there!” Tony tried to cry out before Steve opened up the wrong door in the hall, but it was too late. He’d been looking for some extra lights he could hang around the fireplace, so Tony directed him to the storage closet in the hall, but he’d ended up opening the door to the spare bedroom instead.
“I’m trying to hurry,” Steve practically whined, gently pushing a snowman shaped cookie off the spatula he was holding. “We were in the middle of something!”
"The Micky Mouse version,"
“Um,” Tony scratched the back of his head awkwardly. “Do you remember that old coffee you and Bucky broke playing uno?”
Once inside the safety of the bathroom, he immediately splashed some cold water on his face, scrubbing away the last of the drying tears from his earlier breakdown. God, what was wrong with him? First, he’d gotten some creep to threaten him enough that his ex-husband got involved, and then after Steve had gotten up in the middle of the night to come save Tony’s ass, Tony repays him by snotting up his shoulder and inviting him in for coffee he doesn’t even like. And Steve still looks so good it should be illegal, even in the beat up jeans and old brown leather jacket he was wearing that both probably predated their marriage.
“Uh, just a coffee, for--just for now,” Steve had stuttered back.
“You gave up your Christmas at home to be with me. I just want to make sure we’re doing things you want to do,” Tony finally let out, letting his shoulders slump slightly in defeat of his confession.
Two, it had officially been not-Christmas for four hours now. Tony wondered if that was too late for a Christmas miracle, and Steve’s flight wouldn’t magically be delayed by snow. Tony knows it’s a tall order to wish for a snowstorm in California, but if there’s any merit to this Christmas magic Steve’s talked about all month, let it show itself now, Tony begs silently to the big, jolly deity people worship for Christmas.
“Tell me about Aunt Nat’s machete party, take a few deep breaths, and get ready for bed, okay, Honey? It’s getting late and you should sleep.” Tony suggested gently.
Honestly, Tony can barely remember how he’d first met the guy. He’d worked at the Manhattan hotel that Peter and Tony stayed at on the mini vacation they took during Peter’s spring break. Peter was in his second year at MIT and didn’t get to come home a lot during the semester, so when he’d mentioned missing New York, Tony suggested a trip downtown. He thought it would be fun to spend a few days at a hotel before Peter spent the last half of the week with Steve and then went back to Boston. And it had been fun; they went to a show on Broadway, got pizza from all the good places, shopped in Times Square, and it was
“Was that my Christmas present?” He asked quietly.
"Hm?"
“Who cares about the cookies, oh my God, what were you thinking? Do we need to go to the hospital?” Steve babbled, letting Tony’s hand rest palm up in his own and inspecting it seemingly without actually seeing much.
“Dad?” Peter sounded breathless when he answered.
Tony burst into laughter then, burying his face in Steve's lap again to cover up the uncontrollable sound. He heard Steve start laughing too, and felt the vibrations through the bed, which only made him laugh more out of giddiness.
“Me…getting in your car? It’s not – I mean, you don’t – “
“I’m not some variable in your lab, Tony, I’m a functioning adult. I can verbalize my own thoughts and emotions, and we can sit down and have a mature conversation about them.”
“The why’d you invite me in for coffee?”
“That’s not true,” Tony argued immediately, scowling despite the fact that Steve couldn’t see him.
“Of course not. I’ll be here.” Steve replied softly, the smile that was quietly becoming one of Tony’s favorite things making another appearance.
“If you don’t mind waiting,” Tony added apologetically.
“Right,” Tony finally got out, “Hi, how are you?”
Steve shrugged. "I've always wanted to read it. T'is the season and all that."
“Biology isn’t my best subject,” Tony’d said on the first day, “but I’m still probably better at it than any of you, so don’t worry about it.”
, Steve probably would’a mouthed off and gotten himself punched, but he couldn’t feel anything other than breathtaking relief at the other man’s perceptive kindness. Steve was wearing the uniform, so he probably knew. He probably guessed that was what had Steve’s nerves wired.
“So? I wanna do this every time I see you,” Tony mumbled into his shoulder. Steve responded by squeezing him a bit tighter and pressing a kiss to his temple. They stayed like that for a minute or two, and Tony sent a little ‘thank you’ up to whatever it was that answered his plea. Steve was here, maybe only for one short day, but that was one more day down before they got to spend the rest of their lives together.
“Works for me,” Sam shrugged.
Tony could feel the silent worry through the phone, and sometimes Peter was so much like his father Tony wanted to laugh. Or cry.
It was late, but Tony wasn’t about to move from the plush chair he was curled up on. The fireplace in front of him still smoldered a bit with glowing embers, though it had been hours since anyone had tended to it. Not that they really needed a fire going in Malibu, but Steve was a sucker for this kind of Christmas mood. Tony watched the colors move, orange and reds shifting gently across the black, making shadows move around in the otherwise dark room. Tony resolutely did not look at the clock, instead gluing his eyes to the fireplace and letting himself feel Steve’s presence wrapped around him; the softness of his sweatshirt under Tony’s hands, the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest, the small puffs of breath Tony felt on the top of his head every once in a while.
“Oh, come on, Tony. It was obvious you were all over me at the hotel. You wanted me to come down here an ask you out.”
The first time Steve saw him was Steve’s junior year. Tony was a sophomore, though Steve suspected he could be done and out of college if he’d really wanted to. Tony was...Tony was smart. He was quiet, but didn’t take any of the shit some of the idiots on the football team liked to dole out. Bruce Banner, Peter Parker...Steve wished he knew how to do more to stop the assholes that picked on anyone with an IQ above 15. Bucky was better at it than he was, but Bucky was graduating this year, and Steve could never quite capture the quiet elegance Bucky was able to disarm any bully with.
“Something could have happened. Something really bad, Tony.”
“Thank you for this Tony. It’s such an amazing gift.”
Steve shrugged. “Before Vietnam? Camp somewhere.”
“I’m not counting on it,” Steve frowned. “Why?”
“I don’t know. A lot. Whatever fits on there really.” Tony replied, studying Steve’s face as Steve studied the pictures laid out on the bed.
“It’s Jeremy, from last week.” Jeremy said when Tony didn’t continue, as if they’d hit it off at a party and not shared two words at Jeremy’s place of work.
Tony squeezed his hand teasingly. “You okay? Not going to suffer heat stroke?”
“I don’t know, he didn’t say. I guess it just struck me as odd.” Tony explained.
“Think it’ll be somewhere nearby?” Tony wondered, a hesitant hope in his voice.
“Hey, Pete.” Tony replied, only just realizing how shaky his voice had been now that he’d switched into Dad mode and made himself speak calmly and surely. For Peter.
Tony licked at the ice cream cone Steve bought him. It was melting fast in the hot July air, but at least the water provided some coolness to the breeze as he sat at a table beside it with Steve next to him.
“Because I missed you.” Steve reminded him. “And I decided to bother you in the middle of the night about it.”
“What’ll it be now, Darling? Ready to join me yet?”
“Dad.”
Tony could feel the hand holding his phone tremble, and he didn’t even know if he had the brainpower to come up with a response, when out of nowhere another car pulled up, swerving off the road and parking behind Jeremy’s van with a squeal.
“Yeah, yeah, I hear you,” Peter said impatiently. “You’re really with Pops now?”
“What? Steve, no, it’s fine, what’s the big deal?”
“Yeah, Clint’s something,” Tony agreed again, looking down at his dripping ice cream. “But only two days, huh? Really taking ‘em fast, now.”
"He learned more from seeing how it all affected his
“I…” Tony hesitated. “I don’t know.” Steve scoffed. Tony wracked his brain, trying to force his emotions out his mouth. “You wouldn’t have come in for coffee if you didn’t want me to want you to stay.”
This made Tony jolt a little. “They do? What do you say?”
“I called Pops,” Peter admitted, his voice picking up speed as he went on, “I knew you might hate that, but I couldn’t stop thinking about it and then you stopped answering. I had the worst – “
“Har har,” Tony replied, rolling his eyes to cover up the blush rising on his cheeks.
He glanced up at Steve’s face, still set peacefully in sleep, and any other sounds Tony might have made were immediately taken away along with his breath. Steve was beautiful. The dying firelight cast shadows over the perfect curves and angles in his face, his dark eyelashes spread delicately on top of his cheekbones, mouth soft and just barely parted. The usual pinched look he carried around his eyes of late had been smoothed out completely over the past few days, but Tony knew it would be back as soon as he woke up and started to gather his luggage. It wouldn’t be hard, since Steve usually packed pretty light. Tony had told him he shouldn’t have even bothered with the unnecessary things like clothes, just grabbed a carton Sam’s mom’s homemade cookies and nothing else, but Steve had just rolled his eyes in response. He had always been planful like that.
“That was my boss. There’s a snowstorm in New York big enough to have shut down the airports for at least the next day or two. No flights in or out.”
He’d caught a glimpse of it, the one afternoon he and Tony had had together. Right before he’d stepped on the bus, the sun was starting to set. If you looked hard enough, stars were starting to appear, but Steve was looking too closely at Tony’s face. Those beautiful brown eyes shone with a new expression Steve hadn’t seen in them before. If he took out the sadness, he could almost see something else entirely, some sort of other life waiting for him, where he and Tony could lay on the grass until the sun fully set and the stars were the only things they could see hanging in the sky above them.
“Coffee sounds good.” Steve affirmed, saving Tony from really getting into his rambling.
“I already called an officer. They’re on their way here now.” Tony told him, and Jeremy didn’t have to know it was a campus safety officer and not police.
“Okay, Peter.” Tony agreed, fond exasperation lacing his tone.
Bucky knew. Steve wasn’t sure how much he understood, but he knew. Steve could tell. At first he’d been ashamed, hidden himself, blustered that part of him away under an irrational need to be here, on the front lines in a war no one wants to be fought. But here, Steve thinks he lost the ability to feel shame. He’d learned to take his pleasures where he could get them, and if he wasn’t sure he’d be killed for it, he’d proudly parade around Tony’s picture, read off the letter that Tony sent saying he’d gotten into MIT like he’d wanted. Tony was going to change the world, and Steve wanted nothing more than to be beside him when he did it.
With one last smile, Tony went to grab the coffee pot, throwing another glance behind him. Steve’s broad shoulders were lined with tension under the green shades of his uniform, his chin dipping close to his chest and both hands flat on the table in front of him, like he was trying to hold something down.
It was his turn to supervise the university lab on campus, so he walked over from his office at 6:00 that evening; although the oncoming spring added a little extra sunlight, he could see the beginnings of the sunset and wished again he’d driven that morning. He lived near enough to campus that on spring days like these he usually walked, but he always tried to take his car when he knew he’d be staying late. Even though the university lab that Tony worked at on campus was technically open until ten at night, it was really open until the professor in charge decided to leave, which was usually well into the early hours of the morning.
“I distinctly remember spending a lot of time and money making sure we each got what was fair.” Steve pointed out dully.
Tony rolled his eyes, but picked up the shapes Steve had already cut out and put them on the pan. Once it was full, he grabbed the pan with one hand and opened the oven with the other, but before he could place the pan in the oven he was startled by Steve’s sudden shout of panic.
He knew in the future he wanted to marry that man. He wanted to have Steve forever and then some. And he wanted to do everything in his power to make sure that happened.
“What pictures did you choose?” Steve asked.
“I am not dating that psychopath --
Steve chuckled. "It's nearly 10, Sweetheart. Aren't you hungry?"
Steve was silent for a moment.
“Don’t let his face fool you, he’s a huge softy.” Steve told him with an affectionate smile. “But yeah. Shipped out a few months ago after his birthday. We send letters, sometimes, but uh,” Steve blushed again. “Won’t really be able to now when I ship. He sends some to his family, got a bunch of sisters, but I don’t…” He trailed off again, scuffing his show lightly against the pier. “Don’t got a whole lot of people waiting on me, or anyone waiting, really.”
“I don’t know, Punk,” Bucky responded gruffly. “This about your sweetheart again?”
“You too,” Tony replied, just as soft.
“Har har,” Tony could feel Steve’s eye roll through the phone, and the familiar tone made him smile. He put his head back down on his pillow, keeping the phone held up to his other ear, and let Steve’s familiar voice wash over him. He had talked to him that morning - or, yesterday morning rather - but it always felt like an eternity between calls when he wasn’t able to physically hold him. “Can’t I just call my boyfriend because I missed him?”
“Sounds like a helluva gal,” Bucky replied neutrally, but he was pleased.
Tony ducked into the lab and made sure the door was fully closed behind him before letting out a breath. The lab was key card entrance only, so there wasn’t a way for Jeremy to get in unless he waited around for someone else to walk in, and Tony liked to believe even college kids were smart enough to know a middle-aged man hanging around the entrance to a university lab maybe shouldn’t be allowed in.
Tony knew Steve had many, many amazing qualities. His gentle smile, his tendency to be a complete goofball, his ability to make his words sound so sincere Tony’s heart ached with it.
The coffee machine gurgled to a stop behind Steve’s head, but Tony didn’t move to get it. This moment felt delicate, like one twitch in the wrong direction would shatter something Tony couldn’t even see being built.
“Text me when you get in?” Steve asked.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, doing the same with his winter attire and patting his jeans pocket to double check his keys were there. He reached over to grab Steve’s hand before they pushed open the double doors and the pleasantly cool ice rink air gave way to Malibu’s heavy heat. Steve, who was very much used to New York’s below freezing temperatures, had particularly complained on the way over, regretting his choice of bringing jeans instead of shorts. Even now Tony could see the slight scowl on his face as they made their way down the sidewalk.
“I’m not laughing, Pete, but I am a grown up. I’ll be fine.” Tony said gently.
“Stop trying to change the subject.”
“I’m fine, Steve,” Tony rolled his eyes, pushing lightly at Steve’s chest. “I’ve done more on less sleep than this.”
“Yeah,” Tony breathed, then he became aware of the warmth under his hand and quickly snatched it back from where he had seemed to accidentally rest it on top of Steve’s on the table. He blushed, quickly darting a look around to make sure no one saw. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Steve doing the same, a similar blush much more obvious on his paler cheeks.
Steve’s cheeks colored. “The one you told ma you would throw out for her?” Then realization dawned on his face. “It’s ma’s old coffee table?”
“Only the best for you,” Tony replied, his breathlessness taking away from the flirty tone he was going for. “Merry Christmas, Steve.”
“...Steve Rogers…”
The first time Tony saw him was in his army uniform.
Tony wrote back,
“You are
“Yeah?”
“Steve,” Tony said again, more serious this time. Something felt off, like Steve’s mind wasn’t in a place it was usually was. He’s listened to Steve talk after he’s had a bad day or failed a test, or when he was raging mad after fights with his boss or coworkers who don’t treat him well, or when he’s scared the night before one of his art showcases, or even after a showcase went extraordinarily well and he’s hopped on adrenaline at one in the morning, but this conversation was a different kind of energy. It almost felt like Steve was hiding something, and Tony wasn’t used to that. He thought they were beyond that in their relationship, especially since Tony moved away to follow Stark Industries, leaving Steve behind at school, and their relationship consisted more of talking than anything else.
“Okay,” Tony agreed reluctantly. He couldn’t help but dart in for one last kiss before he got up though, savoring the softness of Steve’s lips, the laxness of his body beneath his own, the warmth of the fire on his back, the last little taste of their short holiday together. Then he pried himself off of Steve’s lap to his bedroom so he could pull some sweatpants over his boxers. He looked around the room, which had been mysteriously tidied sometime during Steve’s stay, and his heart ached a bit at the absence of Steve’s things amongst his. When he’d walked in there yesterday morning he saw Steve’s dirty clothes in a neat pile by his own hamper, Steve’s charger and well-worn coy of Dickens sitting on the nightstand on what had become his side of the bed. He could have seen Steve’s toothbrush and soap sitting on the sink through the doorway to his bathroom. All the little reminders that Steve was in his life, gone like he hadn’t been there at all.
“You...might be surprised.”
Tony shimmied forward until he was close enough to bury his face in the side of Steve's thigh, doing his best to curl around him without knocking his book. A second later he felt a hand scratch through his hair and let out a hum. "Too early," Tony muttered into the blankets covering Steve's legs. "Put the sun away."
“I’m sorry, Aunt Nat brought a what?” Tony circled back, because it had been a while since he saw Natasha, but that seemed a bit dramatic, even for her.
“Hey, Sweetheart,” he rumbled softly, eyes still half lidded but a small smile pulling on his lips.
“I’m fine.” Tony finally got out, noticing that his voice still sounded a little breathless.
“Why don’t you start picking out some of your favorites, and I’ll get some tools from the workshop downstairs to start shaping the wood, yeah?” Tony suggested.
"Mhm, a long time ago," Tony replied.
“That pan came out of a 400 degree oven not five minutes ago,
“Hi,” Steve replied in a huff. “You’re crazy, you know that?”
“Tony?” He seemed genuinely worried too, with that little crease between his eyebrows.
“I’m fine, Steve. Really. I’ll be better after some sleep, but like I said. Nothing happened.” Tony responded, eyes trained on his lap.
"Which one?"
Still.
“Okay, okay. Message received, Captain. Do not engage with 400 degree pan without protection, got it,” Tony reassured, moving his hands to the side of Steve’s face in the hopes of getting him to breath normally again. Steve let out a long breath and closed his eyes for a brief moment, probably wondering what he did to end up in a kitchen in Malibu explaining to a 23 year old man why he shouldn't pick up a hot pan with his bare hands, but eventually his blue eyes opened again.
“Tony, I’m sorry.” He heard Steve say softly, and then all of a sudden he was engulfed in a chest, two strong arms wrapped around his back, and it was all so achingly familiar that if Tony closed his eyes, he could practically feel the shitty secondhand couch from his old college apartment underneath him, Steve’s chest under his cheek, and every part of them pressed so close together Tony felt like nothing in the world could touch them.
Peter was silent for a moment. “Oh. I didn’t think of that.”
“If it’ll make you feel better.” Tony muttered stubbornly, but Steve let him have this one, merely locking his car and walking beside Tony as they climbed the stairs into the lobby of his building. They took the elevator up, so no risk of stair-related injuries for Tony. They passed by a few people, because it was still New York even if it had cleared two in the morning already, and Steve sauntered behind him in the narrow hallway with all the subtly of a great white shark circling its prey. He shoved his hands in his pockets and let his elbows hang loosely at his sides, which pushed his chest out a bit and widened the breadth of his shoulders and made all the passersby twist to avoid them. Tony would have ducked away in embarrassment if he wasn’t so damn grateful for it.
Steve pulled away completely, putting the last cookie on the cooling rack before grabbing the rolling pin to roll out a bit more dough for the cookies.
“You’re the one who pushed me,” Steve replied calmly, like the little shit he was, brushing the rest of the snow off his fingers so that it landed on the ice below them.
“Hey,” Steve pouted, crossing his arms over the chest while still wielding the spatula in one hand.
And Tony looked…gross, was the first word that came to his mind as he stared at himself in the mirror. His face still looked a little puffy and his eyes were rimmed red from crying; his hair stuck to his forehead in odd places, his beard a little mussed and overgrown, altogether looking like a mess. He sighed, doing the best he could for his appearance before heading back out to reap what he’d sowed.
So, Steve took his hand off the door.
With a yawn, Tony rolled over to face the culprit that was always trying to get Tony on a normal sleep schedule, finding him propped up in bed by a couple pillows, legs still hidden by the blankets, hair ruffled, and in an old gray sweatshirt, altogether radiating softness and sleep. His head was tilted down to look at a book he was cradling on his lap, an old, tattered looking dark green book with no book jacket on it, so Tony couldn't guess what it was.
Tony didn’t know if he was relieved or annoyed when his phone went off and both him and Steve looked down at the screen to see Pepper’s message. It was a picture of her and Happy sharing a margarita in the sand, presumably just near the water, where Tony knew Pepper’s favorite beach spot was. The attached caption read, “why r u and steve not here acutly enjoying your day off??”
“It’s not supposed to be,” Steve frowned over at him. They both slowed to a stop as they reached Tony’s car, but instead of heading over to the passenger side, he pulled both of Tony’s hands into his and faced him fully.
Come on, communication, Tony thought to himself. Thoughts and emotions, verbalize them like a functioning adult.
"I'll bring them to you," Steve promised, leaning down to kiss his forehead before heading out of the room.
The letters started coming first from an army camp, then later from Vietnam. The first time he’d seen that word on the letter he swore his heart stopped beating. Steve had reassured him in the letter, and the many more after that. Told him not to worry. Focus on school. How’s Rhodey? Holding the football team up okay? He met Bucky’s unit, which was more than either of them dreamed. Really, Tony, he was fine. Smile. Your eyes look so beautiful when you smile.
___________________________
“Not until you threatened to break up with me,” Tony reminded him with a huff.
“What happened? Is everything alright?” Tony asked, pushing up on his elbow in bed, as if he could suddenly run across the country from Malibu to New York if Steve needed him. A self-deprecating pang went through him at the thought that he couldn’t. If it were possible, he would have done that a hundred times already.
“Like anything you set your mind to doesn’t turn out perfect,” Steve said flatly, then turned back to the bed. “Where’d you get the wood from?”
Steve’s coming home.
“Peter, Honey, take a deep breath for me, okay? I’m not upset with you at all. Well, maybe a little bit for worrying yourself so much over me, but not for anything else, Kiddo, alright? You did the right thing. Pops is actually taking me home right now.”
“That’s probably a good idea, yeah.” Tony replied around the lump in his throat and pulled his phone out.
“I got some time off work,” Steve whispered once Tony ran out of breath and pulled back. “I have some things I need to work on, but I can do it here. I’m all yours for the week.” Tony let out a sob he hasn’t realized was bubbling up in his chest. Steve lowered him carefully to the ground so he could free one hand and wipe the tears off of Tony’s cheeks. “Shh, Sweetheart,” He leaned forward to press his lips gently over Tony’s face, on his cheeks, his forehead, and finally his lips again.
“He’s clearly someone you got involved with enough that Peter knows about him–”
“Yeah, and I didn’t give him my address, so forgive me if I’m a little turned off by his sudden appearance.” Tony finally interrupted Peter, desperate for a change of subject.
“I’m okay, just can’t wait to climb into bed with you,” Steve replied with a smile, which then turned a bit sheepish as he brought his nose quickly to the fabric on his shoulder. “After maybe a shower? I didn’t have time to after work before I had to get to the airport.”
“Sorry.” Tony said shortly, roughly wiping the tear tracks from his cheeks with the back of his hand.
Steve had wrote,
He took a deep breath, trying to ground himself in the here and now. In his Christmas Present. He shook his head again, and pushed himself off the bed, heading to the kitchen to watch his future flip some pancakes.
“Steve, Darling, hey, take a breath. I’m okay, it didn’t burn,” Tony tried to say as soothingly as he could.
Tony can’t decide if it’s an innuendo or not, and he’s not sure he wants to know.
“I love you,” Tony said, leaning forward to rest his forehead against Steve’s.
“Is what okay?” Steve asked, still holding the door open as Tony stood awkwardly outside.
“Still here,” Steve responded, fainter this time. “Yeah, science stuff. Could probably talk circles ‘round you’n me any day,”
“Why are you apologizing?”
“All I
That’s when his phone rang.
“Yes, that was the point of this whole trip. Can’t take it back now.”
Steve saved him from trying to come up with an ending to the sentence by pulling him in for a hard kiss. Tony felt Steve’s arms wrap firmly around his waist, pulling him up almost in a bend as Steve leaned down to deepen it. He pulled away slowly, letting it linger on for a few seconds before whispering, “It looks like it’s going to be beautiful. I can’t wait to take it home.”
“Still a creep.” Peter muttered. “I still think you should call the hotel.”
, but Tony had kept smiling at him, and Steve never knew how could have ever looked away from that smile before. This wasn’t the Tony he’d seen in biology, arrogant and quick-witted; this Tony was gentler, kinder. He still held a certain confidence, but he spoke softer, like he was calming a startled deer. Any other time, any other
“Hey Pete, how are you?”
“I’m really glad I got to spend Christmas with you, Tony,” Steve whispered to him.
“Excuse me?” Tony managed. “I don’t know what you thought you saw or heard, but you’re nuts if you think I was flirting with you in any way. Especially in front of my son.”
‘Merry Christmas, Tony,’ Steve whispers when she pulls away, and brushes warm cherishing lips against Tony’s forehead one more time, fingers slipping gently through Tony’s curls.
They start school on the same day.
‘S-Steve,’ Tony says helplessly, ‘Steve – Steve!’ Her hands are clutching at Steve’s shirt, shaking with want, but still obedient, not trying to touch; Steve’s proud of her.
when she talks to her?
‘Oh,’ he says. Then he looks back up to watch Pepper cross the playground, and Steve hasn’t finished his sausage roll but he’s had enough. He scrunches his paper bag viciously, jumping to his feet and pitching the rubbish into the bin with unnecessary force.
, and there is also beautiful fanart for it by
Steve’s eyes are so soft and bright, and her smile’s so lovely that it makes Tony’s own mouth want to tip up into a smile, too. She looks up at Steve through her eyelashes. ‘Hey Steve!’ she says, ‘do you want, you should try the punch, Darcy and Thor brought it, it’s really…’
Steve’s hands always feel good, Tony thinks dreamily. He’s still very warm, but he feels safe and good and happy, and it would be nice if Steve could touch him more, all over his body. Maybe Steve would like to be touched too, that would be nice. Tony would like to stroke Steve’s chest – and his arms! He likes Steve’s arms very much, and it would be nice to run his hands over them.
in that order.
‘Only for you,’ she breathes again, and Steve makes a breathless, huffing, joyous little laugh and brings her arm up to snag Tony in close against her chest, nestling her face into her hair.
‘I – I can’t push myself,’ Tony says softly, ashamed.
But there is a stupid, stupid reason why Steve doesn’t usually play ball. Because Steve gets asthma. Steve gets really bad, bad,
and strong enough to fight off anyone who tried to hurt Tony, and he doesn’t want Steve to ever go anywhere again.
' (but of course it can't, that bit must be dreaming); and then she's asleep.
She limps out, and then Steve’s there again, smiling a little at the too-big clothes. And Steve just makes everything easy; she just says ‘Come on,’ and drags Tony out to the kitchen and pushes her gently into a seat while she makes her a big mug of chocolate with marshmallows. There’s still the little voice in Tony’s head saying she should protest about it, about all the fussing, should get herself together and look after herself. But she’s just so – so
It’s gross.'
big, with long hair that's almost as brightly golden as Steve's. Darcy bounces excited around him. ‘Can-you-push-us-on-the-swings-please-please-please,’ she bursts out, out of breath. Tony thinks that Thor’s going to tell them to go away, but he smiles good-naturedly down at them instead.
Steve’s face is soft, washed in the warm Christmassy light. She’s just standing there, at ease, looking around at everyone, her hair glinting golden. She’s so –
Steve ducks back in through the entrance with an armful of branches and a rush of cool air, and Tony grins up at him, eager. ‘Steve!’ he says, ‘Steve, look – ’ and he wriggles over towards Steve.
‘You are scaring us, friend,’ Thor adds quietly.
Note: In relation to some issues that come up in this chapter, I want to underline something. Steve’s mom is a single parent who has to work long hours at odd times to support him. This is a very different situation to Tony’s emotionally neglectful, absentee parents, even though at one point Tony makes a comparison between them. Just wanted to point that out!
I'm really sorry if I take a long time to reply to your comment. I have read and loved every one, thank you so, SO much, and I
him. And you didn’t friend-shake with him, so there!’
‘Goodnight, my bambino,’ she says softly, and bends down and kisses his forehead. And Tony sighs with happiness and lets his eyes droop closed; and he sleeps, and dreams about birthday cake and flower crowns and biplanes and
When they’re finished, Steve cracks her neck with a sigh and stretches back, one arm ending up lying across the back of the sofa behind Tony’s shoulders. Tony squeezes her eyes closed; she doesn’t expect Steve to put her arm around her like the other time, of course. That was really – that was really nice, but she was sick and only about half-conscious and she can understand why Steve had to support her
The next few minutes are blurry and confused, with pain in his chest and wheezing and gasping for breath. The yard duty teacher’s rummaging for his puffer and someone’s grabbing his hand, and someone else is running for the First Aid lady and then someone’s helping him take puffs of Ventolin and hold them in; and slowly the tight bands around his lungs ease up.
Ms Potts looks at Steve narrowly. 'Do you think you can sit next to each other without fighting?' she asks. 'And does Tony want to move back?'
‘Okay, yeah, let her in, J,’ she says eagerly, and bounces out from behind the workbench, pushing back the short curls that have stuck to the dampness of her forehead. Something smears beneath her fingers, and Tony suddenly glances down at herself and realises that, shit,
She can’t help it, she needs – she
Rhodey looks at them both for a long moment, his eyes softening a very little. Then he shakes his head, grinning. ‘Can you just – stop. My God. You’re so sickeningly sweet and adorable that you’re making my teeth ache,’ he tells Tony, and thumps Steve’s arm. ‘Come on, tall and small. Presents.’
To be continued! Next chapter will contain the title reference and introduce some of the other kid!Avengers. It’s already written and I’ll post it soon.
It’s only when Tony goes limp and shaking and exhausted, overwhelmed tears in her eyes, that Steve relents, flicking off the spray. She holds Tony for a few moments, rocking a little and gently thumbing away the tears. ‘Good girl,’ she whispers. ‘Such a very good girl for me, aren’t you? Always. You’ve had a lot. Let’s get you sorted out.’
Steve brings Tony flowers that afternoon.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘What? Ground rules.’
Steve, even if Steve does look like the most lickable thing in the world right now, warm and soft and delicious, rumpled, watching Tony with that soft, soft look in her eyes. Tony wets her lips and drags her eyes away from the point of Steve’s pulse. ‘O-okay,’ she says, and God, is she stuttering a bit? ‘That’s – I think that’s done, I don’t want to, to cover it up, it’s better if it’s exposed to the air, um. Can I – your hand?’
When Steve’s gone, Tony sits down very quickly, because her legs just seem to wobble and give way. She can’t think about anything straight. All Steve had done was touch her bare shoulders, what the hell is even happening here, it doesn’t make sense, shoulders!
Steve pulls them both over to the couch, launches them almost roughly into it, pulls Tony firmly into her chest as she cries, enclosed in the circle of Steve’s arms. Steve pets Tony’s hair, cuddles her close, whispers endearments, rocks her. Steve is – fierce, in her protection, she feels like fire and warmth and safety and stone; and Tony cries into her shirt, messy and wet and entirely unattractive, while Steve murmurs softly against her hair, gentle hushing nonsense, rubbing Tony's back.
, and he suddenly can’t almost
‘Watch’a doing?’ Steve says, leaning over to see. Steve hasn’t finished his Numbers, he’s only half way through, but Steve hates Numbers.
Steve tells Mr Karolidis that Tony liked the cupcake, and Mr Karolidis slaps his hands on the counter delightedly. ‘Good,’ he says, ‘that’s good, Steven!’
‘Thank you,’ Tony whispers, and reaches for the bottle with his free hand. He’s feeling better, now, with Steve and Darcy with him, but he wants to just stay here for a little bit.
against her fingertips, and she’s coming. Coming and coming, shaking all over and making sounds against Steve’s mouth and cheek, sobbing with the overwhelming high of it. Steve holds her through it, kissing her and whispering against her cheek when Tony can’t kiss anymore, telling her she’s perfect, she’s beautiful, she’s so, so good for her, her sweet little baby bird.
They go to bed when everyone’s yawning too hard to focus on the program or anything else. Tony’s arguing loudly with Clint, something about coniferous forestation; her eyes keep slipping shut and she doesn’t even know what she’s saying anymore, but she’s damned if she’s going to let Clint win. As neither her or Clint know anything about conifers, it’s probably not much point anyway, but Steve is chuckling, a warm soft solidity against Tony’s side, and Steve’s arm is tucked around her and Tony feels safe and sleep-drunkenly happy.
Steve looks at him quickly, and stops as well. ‘Hey,’ he says gruffly, and then his arm is coming round Tony’s shoulders in a protective sort of way.
(And the new fic will have Peggy actually, physically punching Howard for being a neglectful jerk. Just so you all know.)
, wondering, and Tony thinks,
,’ Jane says.
At Steve’s hip, she nudges her own t-shirt up invitingly, drawing Tony’s warm hand up beneath the fabric until she reaches Steve’s breast. ‘Go on, baby, you can touch,’ she encourages, shifting Tony’s other hand too; and Tony makes a pleased, aroused, cooing sound in the back of her throat which jolts straight to the slick throbbing spot between Steve’s thighs. Small eager fingers fumble reverently at her breasts, and Steve takes a deep unsteady breath as Tony circles and explores.
‘Obviously not him,’ Steve says drily. ‘I wonder if he’s realised yet that he’s head-over-heels for Clint?’ She presses a little kiss to Tony’s temple.
‘These are for you,’ Steve says, looking down at the flowers, and, are her cheeks pinking up a little bit? ‘I wanted to bring them. Because of this morning.’ She raises her eyelashes and gives Tony one of those breathtaking looks, steady and sweet.
‘Medicine,’ Steve says, dipping his finger into the substance. It’s a strange green mash of pulverised herbs, and Tony watches curiously as Steve opens his injured hand and spreads it across the wound. ‘Makes it better,’ Steve says, and then he points again at Tony’s chest.
her – and Tony has a vague sense that she should protest, but then she drifts off again, and next thing is that Steve's got her in bed, wrapped up in something warm and soft – Steve's weight is making the mattress dip as she sits on the side – gentle fingers are stroking Tony's hair.
, CRYING, tears rolling down his cheeks, and that’s unacceptable, Tony must be looked after so he doesn’t cry, and Steve’d been
had another fight before, because Darcy had wanted the plane they were making to be red and gold, and Steve had wanted blue with stars. Luckily they’d agreed to do a mix of both, so now the plane’s going to be blue and red with white stars.)
, he’s heaps too big to be
Tony jumps up and lurches away. ‘What – what are you doing?’ she says, distraught, ‘you can’t just act like – you, you sent me a letter! This doesn’t change anything!’
(Except, only just
,' Steve says very firmly. Tony fleetingly glances up at her; for an instant Steve's eyes are fixed on Bucky in a meaningful sort of way, lips pressed together, her jawline tight. But then she looks back at Tony and her face softens reassuringly, and she says brightly, 'right, everyone, now Tony's here, what do you all want to eat?'
Steve frowns and folds his arms, belligerent. ‘Why?’ he says. ‘You’re sitting next t’
She turns into the touch, nestling her cheek against Steve’s hand, and slurs out, ‘S’nice,’ because it is, it is nice, nice,
‘Landing pad!’ Tony says, pleased. ‘Do you… do you wanna see the plane that’s gonna land on it?’ He peeks at Clint uncertainly, but Clint’s nodding, his face solemn and intent.
– God, Tony, so brilliant, so proud of you, did you know that? And you have this idea that you’re not worth it. And that’s why you misunderstood the letter. And I know you’re beating yourself up about it, but. Tony. It’s
It’s a game they play, the different words. Tony will point to something and say, ‘This?’ and Steve will tell him his word for it. And Tony will give Steve his own word for the thing, sometimes, and he never forgets any of Steve’s words, so after a while they can understand each other a little.
‘Nah,’ Darcy says knowledgably. ‘He’s not angry, silly! He wants you to be sitting next to him, not Jane. But
as Bucky grabs him round the neck and noogies him. He emerges from the following struggle so bright-eyed and glowing that Tony eyes him suspiciously, eyes sliding to Bucky's wide grin and the sparkle in his grey eyes. Huh.
‘Steve,’ the Stranger says, and points his thumb to his own chest. ‘Steve.’ His name. He searches Tony’s eyes, and then points at him with a questioning look.
to Tony. Stupid,
After a bit Steve shudders and chokes out, 'God, m'sorry.' Tony squeezes tighter, because she's so out of her depth here, she doesn't even know how to deal with her own nightmares, let alone someone else's, and all she can think to do is just hold onto Steve. Steve's slumped so that her hair is just below Tony's chin, bright gold, sleep-mussed and silky-soft; and Tony tilts her head and rests her cheek in it, nestling a little, and she dares to drop a kiss there, soft and secret and so gentle that it aches.
him. In the nose!'
And Steve looks back at Tony’s face, and Tony breathes in fast, because Steve’s face, his face is so –
This chapter is just purely sex and emotion. You can easily skip it if that’s not your thing, though, and pick up at the next chapter.
‘Steve, honey, are you sure you’ve got your lunchbox?’ Tony hears someone nearby say.
‘And Clint,’ Tony sighs.
Steve leans right over the back of his chair and glares at Natasha. 'Yeah, don't poke Tony's bottom!' he says, angrily. 'I'll - I'll...'
‘Easy, darling,’ Steve says, laughing a little. She moves her hand upwards, stopping Tony from getting friction where she wants it, and Tony’s making shuddery sounds, pants that sound almost like sobs. One of her hands slips down almost involuntarily from around Steve’s neck, trying to reach between her legs and touch herself, but Steve gently catches her wrist. ‘No, Tony,’ she reproves. ‘Be a good girl for me. No touching, remember?’
She steals a sip of Rhodey’s drink. It’s nice; orangey and smooth. Rhodey pulls her in for an affectionate half-hug, and Tony cuddles into him happily, resting her head on his shoulder. ‘Hey, sis,’ Rhodey says, and tugs gently at her hair. ‘Sst. Steve’s watching you,’ he adds very quietly, into her ear, and Tony jumps and stiffens.
Okay, I’m sorry, I lied – no soft kisses just yet, because I felt like giving them some more buildup. However, the next chapter is in the works, and launches with Steve having a nightmare slash panic attack, and Tony comforting her. So we’ll see where that goes…
‘You made it,’ Steve says softly. ‘For me.’ He’s still looking at Tony, and there’s a smile starting behind his eyes, bright and tender, spreading across his face. He puts the knife carefully on the skins, and then reaches his hand up to slip over the back of Tony’s neck, cupping it. He draws their heads together until their foreheads touch, and Tony closes his eyes, basking in the closeness. He feels very warm, very aware of the places where Steve’s skin is touching his; of Steve’s arm around his body, the way Steve’s hand is low on his waist.
’ Tony says, incredulous. He can’t imagine his Dad and Mum doing anything like that, or any grown-up. ‘But – but what
, Steve’s room, and it's the morning, and, shit, was she so out to it that Steve had to bring her here, and she didn’t even notice? Oh God, had she –
They take the Chinese out to the lounge to eat it when it arrives, because to be honest they’re a bunch of overgrown teenagers who’re fine with eating straight from the box in front of the TV. Tony rushes to grab the honey sesame chicken, but Natasha somehow slides in front of her and gets to it first, sending a smug look Tony’s way.
The bowl is finished too quickly, but Tony knows that you can get sick from eating too much all at once after a hungry time. He feels sleepy again, warm and content and safe, and Steve’s shared his food with him and he trusts Steve. Tony curls back down into the skins and watches Steve eat, looking down shyly when Steve looks up and sees him. When Tony peeks at him again, through his eyelashes, Steve is smiling back at him. It makes Tony’s stomach feel strange and fluttery, as though it’s full of moths.
, and Steve’s half-laughing, half-concerned, and they decide to take it to Tony’s big bed.
Tony, which means,
n’that,’ Darcy says crossly, holding Tony tightly. ‘You gotta – hug. Or something. N’be
‘Okay,’ Steve says quickly, glancing at Tony. ‘Yeah. Sorta friends.’
Wait –
'Yeah.' Steve nods. They look at each other for a moment, not sure what to say.
’ he wheezes, ‘m’sorry, was mean, won’t – again.’
There’s an outburst of laughter when they finally get to the main area, hand in hand. Clint whoops, tucked happily under Bucky’s arm, and flicks three pieces of popcorn in quick succession to bounce with devastating accuracy off the tip of Tony’s nose. ‘Quit that, you maniac,’ she calls at him, and he sticks his tongue out at her like the twelve-year-old he is.
– and Tony cries out, breathless, as Steve’s fingers are finally on her, slipping through the opening in the fur, warm and strong and rubbing firmly right at her centre.
She can’t think, she can’t think, and everything’s spinning except Steve, who’s solid and warm, soft and strong and holding her as though she’s – as though Tony’s
She looks at the flowers, focuses on a single blue iris, making herself do the deep breathing and conscious relaxing that they’d taught her, calming techniques to manage her panic attacks. Except it’s not exactly a panic attack, it’s just – Steve. God,
’ he sniffles. ‘
. She trusts Steve, and Steve’s arm feels so nice around her shoulders, even if Tony knows that it’s just Steve being warm and friendly as she always is. And yes, she feels kind of stupidly happy right now, but she decides that it’s okay if she just doesn't think too hard about anything.
good, because that way leads to things that hurt, but Tony’s head is too fuzzy to care and she just looks wistfully up at Steve’s face and basks in it.
Next chapter: birthdays! And please go check out
, just for a bit.
‘Yeah,’ he shrugs, because he doesn’t want to look stupid, like – like as though he was trying too hard. But it doesn’t seem to really matter, because Tony looks so
. He’s my friend ‘cause I ran into him once and bumped my head and he found my glasses for me.’
and FORGET all about Steve. Who cares! Tony is dumb anyway.
‘What’s a han’shake?’ Natasha asks curiously.
Just us, not the others.’
Tony’s hand moves restlessly across the swell of Steve’s breast, skating over the nipple through the T-shirt, her fingers ending up tangled in the soft fabric. Steve rubs her back reassuringly, her hand slipping down to pat Tony’s round, lacy little bottom. This part is always hard.
Tony swallows. Yeah, she’s done this before, lots of times. Cleaned and patched up her own injuries from horrible self-loathing drunken benders, scrapes and grazes and gouges methodically cleaned and patched over so that no-one will see the damage. There’s no way in
in her eyes? No, that’s too strange, no tears. But she turns her face into Steve’s hair, hiding, breathing in the faint clean smell of it.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony glows. He nearly almost gives her a hug, too, but remembers just in time that hugs are for school, not home. Mom doesn’t really enjoy hugs very much, but that’s okay, he can give her kisses sometimes instead. He smiles happily up at Mom again, and then it’s time to say goodbye because the car has come to take him to school.
Tony likes it very, very much. He likes the way Steve’s hands feel and the way Steve looks at him and the way his whole body feels warm and ready and trembly, as though he wants to press up against Steve and feel Steve’s skin against his own, everywhere. ‘Yes,’ he whispers, ‘yes, yes, Steve, yes,’ so that Steve knows how good it feels; and Steve says ‘Tony, Tony,’ in a voice that cracks in the middle.
Steve is, how kind and strong and – and
, and Tony nestles his cheek contentedly on his pillow as he listens.
He glances back up at Steve, who’s looking at him curiously, head tilted to one side. And then Steve does something different, because he smiles a little bit at Tony, just a little tweak at the corner of his mouth.
Warnings for potential triggers: minor injuries (blood).
Tony nudges his backpack under the table and opens his Numbers book to the back page. Then he picks out his sharpest pencil, and starts drawing his own robot.
Steve, and he feels like he has to hide his face because of – everything, so he ducks his head down into the warm pillow of Steve’s chest and wraps his arms around him as far as they’ll go, hugging him fiercely.
Steve looks sceptical. ‘Hm,’ he says doubtfully.
, so she ought to be allowed a moment, really.
so terribly, desperately hungry that his stomach clenches with emptiness. He must make a sound of longing, because Steve looks over at him and says, ‘Soon,’ stirring at whatever is in the container.
‘Please,’ Tony says desperately, ‘
. He doesn’t think he has ever seen
Steve scoops him up and carries him over to the place where they sleep, setting him gently down on the skins and laying beside him, pressing his face against Tony’s neck and breathing shudderingly for a moment. Tony wriggles closer to him, fitting himself eagerly to the shape of Steve’s body, trembling and excited and waiting; Steve’s heart is slamming hard and fast against him.
Thor boosts them both into the swing seats. Tony grips on tightly, excited. He hardly
But Steve’s hand just squeezes his arm, rough and comforting, and then tentatively moves around to rest on Tony’s back. ‘It’s okay,’ Steve says gruffly. ‘Y’can – y’can cry, I don’t care, I’ll – I’ll
And then she forgets everything she was about to say. Oh, God. Steve’s, Steve’s
The iris is very blue. Steve’s eyes are blue. Hothouse flowers, it’s nearly Christmas, where had Steve got these anyway? She must have gone out – Tony’s imagination streaks ahead, Steve going and ordering flowers, choosing them – for Tony!
Steve smiles down at Tony's eye. Just – smiles, and waits, her thumb stroking a little bit on Tony's shoulder.
. Freezing –
First it was a pit with sticks and earth hiding its mouth, so that a wary boar might walk across it and be plunged into the trap. Small Tony’s picture had been crudely drawn, but he got better at it, drawing ideas for traps and better tools to help the tribe. His pictures had
– but, but Steve doesn’t have a
‘Hey,’ Steve says. ‘Hey. Shh, it’s okay, let me just…’ She cups Tony’s face with her hand for a moment, thumb brushing gently at her cheek, and Tony realises that she’s still crying, and Steve’s just wiped away a tear. Steve’s got that little worried crinkle in between her brows, eyes soft and searching Tony’s face, and Tony can just
Honeybear!’ Tony squeaks. ‘Did you just, you
Tony huddles quietly behind a tree to watch him, shivering a little and hugging his arms around himself. The wound at the centre of his chest throbs and burns, thin trails of yellowish discharge leaking out of the sodden moss-pack he’d bound there to stop the blood. He’s so – he’s so
‘Oh, that reminds me, Anthony.’ Tony’s Mom looks up from her magazine, across the breakfast table. She looks very beautiful this morning, with a peacock blue dress and her hair in an elegant twist. ‘I had a call last night, from the mother of one of your friends. Maggie, I think she said. Something about a birthday party with some of the other children?’
‘Hi, Tony,’ Steve says.
Tony beams at her, feeling too overcome to speak. He nods hard instead, up and down, and Darcy shrieks so loud that Ms Potts calls out, ‘Indoor voices!’ And then Darcy sweeps him into a tight excited hug and then grabs his hand and pulls him along to his desk.
‘THAT’S STUPID AND YOU’RE STUPID AND I HATE YOU,’ Steve roars, and Tony jumps in fright, and bursts into tears.
'Yeah, save it, it's gross,' Clint says, grinning around a bite of cookie, because he's actually twelve, and Tony's face is going bright and hot and her throat's closed up and there's a tight panicky feeling in her chest because
and never get tired of it, but after a bit Steve carefully pats Tony’s back, and they have to go to the classroom soon, so Tony reluctantly lets go, smiling at Steve with pink cheeks and sparkling eyes.
’ he says, ‘c’mon, tape,’ and Tony blinks. He’s resting his head against Darcy’s shoulder so she can pet his hair, and Steve’s sitting cross-legged next to him holding a toilet roll in place for Tony to sticky-tape. Steve keeps looking suspiciously at Darcy, but at least they’re not yelling.
'All right,' she decides. 'No more fighting, though.'
A soft fragrant smell of herbs drifts to Tony’s nose, and he realises all at once that he’s
Wow. He – he hadn’t realised they were
But still. Steve. Tony reaches out and touches a petal with the tip of her finger; she can’t stop the big wondering grin that bursts over her face, but then, there’s only JARVIS to see.
he thinks,
like she can see all the way through Tony’s layers and shells, all the way to the thumping heart inside her, too much, too much all at once. Tony’s biting down on her bottom lip, painfully hard. She doesn’t know whether to lurch back or forward.
And if he does anything wrong, he can just watch and see what Steve does. It’ll be okay. Everything will be okay.
It comes at last, that little half-sob that Tony makes every time she asks this, and then Tony’s voice comes, small and wobbly. ‘Want – want you to take care of me.’
'Um,' Steve says, and she sounds awkward, suddenly, and when Tony looks up at her through sleep-tangled eyelashes, Steve's face is faintly pink and she shifts self-consciously, not meeting Tony's eyes. 'Uh,' she says, 'you were – you were sleeping, so I thought – I. I didn't, you know, touch your clothes or anything. I just thought – well, your room was further away, and...' She trails off, rubbing the back of her neck.
Tony draws in a breath and then nods bravely. There’s a spreading wet spot at the front of the pretty panties, which Steve would like to gently suck at through the soft fabric, but she doesn’t. It’s too soon for that. Instead, she trails teasing fingertips up Tony’s thighs, laughing softly when Tony gasps and squirms. ‘Shh,’ she hushes again, and runs her hand through Tony’s hair, slipping down to softly cup her cheek for a moment. ‘I’ve got you, sweet girl.’
Tony feels like absolute shit.
‘Captain Rogers is very concerned, and determined to remain until she has spoken to you and ascertained your welfare for herself,’ JARVIS tells her.
‘It’s
‘Stupid, stupid,
I also realised I hadn’t replied to lots of the comments on the last chapter. So I’ll be going through those as well, sorry everyone for the long wait. Your wonderful comments made me so happy, thank you!! *hugs everyone*
‘Best doctor ever,’ he says firmly. ‘She’s going to be the best. Lives with her girlfriend, nice girl too. They got lots of cats. Five! Five cats!’
‘I – I like flowers,’ Tony says shyly, and then ducks his head. ‘I picked Mum roses once,’ he mumbles. But he’d got in trouble for that, the roses were special garden ones and not for picking. They’d been so pretty, though, pink and yellow and smelling wonderful, and he’d scratched his hands trying to make a bunch of them.
‘Don’t be sorry,’ she says gently. ‘You can ask me any sort of questions you like, and I’ll answer them if I can. I didn’t know that Steve liked flowers, but that’s nice. And Darcy does like flowers, especially big bunchy roses, and she picks them for both Alex and me, and we put them in a vase in the kitchen.’
Tony blushes, looking down at the ground and feeling warm and pleased and excited. Steve thinks he’s good at stuff! He squeezes Steve’s hand to say thank you.
Steve touches his face again, his fingers gentle. He doesn’t seem to know how to explain the word, but that’s all right. Tony’s sleepy anyway. He snuggles his face into Steve’s shoulder with a sigh, letting his eyelids droop closed, and Steve pets his hair and strokes his back and murmurs to him softly, and it’s good, everything is good.
'No!' Tony says, worried. 'He mustn't!' If Steve punches Justin Hammer, Tony won't
Thor’s bringing Darcy, who’s cool and
(See the end of the chapter for
But it still sits warm and sweet in her chest:
and he just wants to lie down and rest because he feels too hot and too cold and dizzy all at the same time, but the Stranger is too close and too large.
‘Hey Tony,’ Tasha says. ‘Do you want hugs?’
‘Oh,’ says Steve, and then, ‘
Natasha doesn’t look convinced, and Clint, who doesn’t talk much unless it’s to Tasha, says, ‘Why?’ in a curious sort of voice.
to be ashamed of.’ She drops her forehead to touch against Tony’s, huffing out a little laughing breath. ‘Sorry. Just – I just wanted you to know.’
Tony catches his breath, staring at Steve with wet eyes. ‘You –
Steve squeezes her fingers, and there’s a sweet, sweet look on her face and those soft eyes, and for a crazy moment Tony thinks Steve’s going to kiss her. But then Steve’s arm slips down from her neck, curling warm and strong around Tony’s back, drawing her in close to her chest and cuddling her there. Steve’s wearing an ancient old soft T-shirt, worn thin and threadbare, and Tony buries her nose in it, in the soft place by Steve’s shoulder, sniffing in Steve’s warm nice smell.
‘Said YES, SAID YES!’ Darcy squawks, letting go of Tony’s hand and spinning in a circle, hugging herself. Tasha fist pumps, and Clint carefully copies her, and Jane claps her hands.
and he’s holding his hand and it’s
‘I want,’ Tony mumbles into Steve’s shoulder, ‘please, Steve, I want it.’
I’m slightly unsure about this last sex scene, being a little out of my lane – which is why it’s kind of vague. I hope it’s okay! (If anyone wants to write an explicit version, go right ahead.)
And after
wants to try it.
Steve laughs aloud. He puts down his mortar and stone and twists about to face Tony, his face soft and fond. ‘You,’ he says, playful, and cups his hands around Tony’s shoulders, stroking his thumbs over the skin. Tony shivers in pleasure. Then Steve leans forward and touches their noses together, and Tony grins wide and bright and presses back eagerly.
Darcy’s waiting for him, just inside the classroom door. ‘Tony Tony!’ she says, beaming. ‘Did your Mom tell you? Did she? Are you gonna? Please please please please, we gonna have cupcakies an’ picnic and pass parcels and hide’n’seek!’
Darcy shrugs. ‘Dunno,’ she says, unconcerned. ‘I s’pose they gave each other p’mission. They like each other lots,’ she adds. ‘They’re always
Tony wakes at some horrible, dark, pre-dawn hour of the morning to JARVIS playing an urgent wake-up signal, bip-bip-bip-bip-bip. She makes a piteous, betrayed whimper and crawls under her pillow.
Tony relaxes again. Maggie doesn’t try to make him say any more, but it’s nice just sitting there with her in the sunshine.
But then – then Clint whispers, ‘Yeah,’ and warily edges his finger across the table to hook into Tony’s.
Luckily Bucky’s around, because he and Clint are literally glued together these days, and he bear-wrestle-hugs Clint into a better mood, and then they lounge around and eat chips and pass tools for Tony as she fixes the microwave.
Steve reaches out and takes her hand, pulling a little, and Tony comes forward in a rush to sit next to her on the bed. And Steve just leans against her, so Tony leans back a little; and then Steve’s head is resting on her shoulder and their arms are all twined round each other again and it’s actually – it’s
Steve turns around and beckons, and Tony looks up, and it’s Steve’s Mom. (Her name is actually Sarah, she’d told Tony to call her that the second time they’d met.) ‘Oh, so I’m allowed to come over now?’ she asks Steve, half-laughing, and Steve’s face goes kind of pink and he scuffs his feet.
He doesn’t say anything else for a while, and Steve turns his head worriedly on the grass. ‘Sorry,’ he says again, and his voice sounds stupid and small and miserable.
Steve’s pinky hooks tightly onto Tony’s and holds on, and then Steve breathes out a long breath and lifts his head and looks sideways at Tony, very quickly, and then away, and then back again. Tony still can’t stop smiling, wiping away the last little traces of tears; and then Steve smiles back, a little tweak at the corner of his mouth. His arm is still around Tony’s back, very careful and light, but warm.
‘My flawless jewel, my piece of the world
'Okay, imma tell him,' Natasha says, unconcerned.
Steve glances at him very quickly, then looks back at the batter he’s spooning into a cupcake case. ‘Her girlfriend,’ he says under his breath.
Steve scowls, making a cranky sound. ‘Huh,’ he says grumpily, and hunches over his Numbers book, writing in the wrong answers very fast and pressing very hard and black with his pencil.
‘I – I really am. Sorry,’ Steve says in a small tense voice – and then, in a rush, ‘I won’t – I’ll try – Iwantyoutobemyfriendtoo.’
, and he can’t see any signs over everyone else’s heads.
thing she's got going for Steve, a really stupid, stupid idea – and she stares miserably down into the coffee mug. 'I know you – wouldn't.'
,’ he says, muffled, and then looks up and says it over and over again, ‘thank you, thank you, thank you!’
Tony looks around in wonder. He has seen the sun die before, of course, but Tony’s people are of the flatlands, the sheltered caves, and here – here there is just so
Clint wanders in and tries to steal the crispy cookies that Steve’s busy piling onto a plate; Tony can’t be bothered to open her eyes, but she hears his aggrieved ‘Ow!’ as Steve silently and efficiently fends him off. Then Steve’s coaxing Tony up again, herding her out to the lounge, and then Tony’s somehow curled up on the sofa with a soft blanket cuddled around her, the chocolate and cookies in easy reaching distance, and Steve sitting
, a gold pencil! He rolls it a bit closer with his fingers, and Steve hasn’t come back yet, so he picks it up, looks at the end bit where the goldy lead sticks out of the wood. It can’t really be metal, so how come it looks like metal when Steve draws with it?
When he wakes next, watery dawn-light is streaking across the sky and filtering inside the cave-hollow. The fire is still burning slowly, and Tony is still warm and comfortable, still tucked in a pile of soft skins. The wound in his chest is just a dull ache, not the burning pain of before, and the pad of soiled moss is gone.
the plane! She even knows all about the engines and stuff, because she did a whole Engineering degree! And she looks a little bit shocked when Tony shyly asks about the thrusters and the angle of the ailerons, but it’s okay because after a moment she just smiles again and explains how they work, and Darcy’s Mamá is
'Ngh,' Tony says, and flounders out of the covers, struggling into a position vaguely close to upright so that Steve can hand her the coffee. She touches her own knee; she's wearing jeans, still, she realises, Steve's jeans and shirt, but they're so soft and worn through that it's not uncomfortable.
if she hadn’t cracked and let herself be swept up in the moment with Steve, let Steve kiss her and, and,
The rush of water smoothly shuts off in the background once it reaches the right level, and welcoming quietness seems to settle around them. Steve can feel Tony’s breaths, in and out, a little quickened, and the strong living beat of Tony’s heart. It’s like she’s holding life, Tony’s life, there in her hands, infinitely precious and to be protected; and Steve bends to kiss the mass of pale scars between Tony’s breasts. Her lips linger there for a moment, and it’s as though something shifts, and Tony shudders with want, her hands coming up to curl pleadingly around Steve’s arms.
‘Shit, don’t be – you don’t have to
Tony makes a tiny shaking movement with her head, and now something else is rising up inside her; horror.
It’s so
Jane sits next to a girl with glasses called Darcy. She looks at Tony inquisitively when he gets there, and watches him closely as he unpacks. Tony doesn’t look at her, because tears are prickling behind his eyes.
, Tony thinks with a vague sense of panic, they’re really close, and Steve’s eyes are looking
. Tony holds on to her fiercely, as though she can make everything right if she's only strong enough, if she only holds on firmly enough.
Natasha hooks at it with a firm tug, grinning bright and gap-toothed. Then she tilts her head and looks at Darcy, considering. ‘Are we frien’s?’ she asks.
' she gets out, and she can feel Steve smiling against her mouth.
‘Hey, hey, Tony. It’s okay, look at me, Tony. Everything’s okay. Breathe, okay? Just breathe.’
bit about his tower. ‘It’s for friends! I’m gonna live there, an’ so is also
Tony sniffs and peeks behind him. Tasha and Clint are hanging over their desks, watching, and so Tony hides his face again, embarrassed.
smiling at her.
When the week's over, Steve marches up to Ms Potts. 'Can Tony come back now?' he says loudly, getting to the point. Tony can't help hearing him, and he looks up with wide eyes, clasping his hands tightly together.
Steve wriggles his fingertip gently inside Tony’s mouth, brushing against Tony’s lips, and Tony shivers all over. Steve is watching his face intently, and Tony’s face is going hot, hot, hot, like he has a fire burning inside of him. He breathes in quickly, and then Steve’s leaning down to press their foreheads together.
holding back tears, and she says in a breaking sort of voice, ‘Oh, Tony sweetheart
Later, they nestle together – much later, after Tony, still shaking and letting out little panting sobs, has crawled desperately down to put her mouth on Steve; and after Steve has gasped and bucked helplessly for a few moments, and then drawn Tony gently up to kiss her, warm and shaky and sweet, before she’s hardly started.
Hope you’re all enjoying this dramatic tale! O.o Who knows what hair-raising adventures the next chapter will hold…?
Clint looks at the plane and the home building for a long time. ‘I like them,’ he decides, and Tony beams at him. Clint looks back with a serious face, but after a long moment he offers a careful little smile. ‘Who lives there?’ he asks in a quiet voice.
, dirty cheating, who’s the one paying for everything anyway?’
, even though the temperature down here should be just right, why is she cold, and now she has blood going everywhere and she needs to clean herself up and she just can’t, she
lickable collarbones, every time she tries to look up. It’s not appropriate, not even a little bit, God, Steve’s just had a
Dad’s not going to come to his party.
.’ She’s fumbling, her hand coming up to cling to Tony’s shoulder, twisting round to bring them chest to chest; and Tony can’t help it, she brushes her lips against the side of Steve’s face, wrapping her arms closer.
Tony closes her eyes, overcome. ‘I’m sorry-’ she whispers, ‘I didn’t, I thought, I’m so st-’
Steve catches her with an arm round her waist, drawing her in to rest with her back against Steve’s chest. ‘Understood,’ she says to Rhodey, and oh, that makes Tony shiver suddenly, because Steve, Steve sounds so warm and
Tony huffs, sprawling down onto the sofa in defeat, because she’s not stupid enough to try fighting Natasha for it. ‘That’s just, that’s just cheating, it
‘Maybe I’ll tell you one day,’ she teases.
and makes me very happy! Please go and look at her darling curly-haired Tony and Steve and shower her with praise!
‘No you don’t,’ Tony corrects. He peeks back at Steve, ducking his face back into the safety of Darcy’s shoulder. ‘Do you really think…?’
‘I know,’ Tony reassures him. ‘Your mom’s
, and Tony thinks,
’ Tony says suddenly and fiercely, putting his head up and glaring at Steve. It’s so unexpected that Steve’s mouth opens but no sound comes out, and he stares at Tony in surprise. Tony’s face is bright pink and sort of angry, and his eyes are dark black and snapping, and this thing happens to Steve sometimes when Tony looks right at him – this thing where his heart starts thumping hard and fast and his ears go hot and he can’t seem to talk properly. It’s a bit like an asthma attack, but inside his – stomach, or something.
‘No one says that these day-ay-ay,’ Clint’s voice breaks up into another yawn. ‘Grandpa Barnacle. How’ya gonna make me?’
And he slips back into sleep.
The others drew animals, deer and great boar, and hunters with spears. Tony drew ideas.
until he’s full and warm all the way to the inside of his tummy. And Steve pats Tony’s back carefully and gives Tony’s curls a gentle little tweak, and then he pulls back and says gruffly, ‘We gotta present f’you.’
Tony doesn’t want to talk to anyone about it. He presses his nose into the desk and smells the woody pencil-shaving smell, and squeezes his eyes closed around the hot wetness that keeps gathering. It’s
‘What,’ Steve says blankly. A little confused wrinkle appears between her eyebrows.
He touches Steve’s chest like that for some time, and after a while Steve begins to smooth his big hands up and down Tony’s back, then round to his stomach, his chest, thumbing his nipples a little. That feels so good that Tony arches his back and whimpers, and Steve’s face is flushed pink and his eyes are big and blue and he’s looking at Tony as though he can’t quite believe it.
‘Hey,’ Steve says in a soft voice. ‘Tony. Look at me.’ Her fingertips stroke at the hair at Tony’s neck, Steve’s palm warm and steady on Tony’s nape, her thumb rubbing little circles in her skin. Tony sucks in a long fortifying breath and makes herself look back at Steve’s face.
Darcy’s Mamá looks nice, warm and laughing. Her eyes are all dark and sparkly, and she’s got her arm around Darcy’s shoulders as she moves round the room, answering everyone’s questions. Tony wonders if Darcy would mind if he came and said hi. Probably not? He doesn’t think Darcy would mind. But it’s kind of scary, so he stays safely next to Steve, just watching.
Steve chuckles, letting her touch for a moment before moving further down Tony’s body. ‘Here it comes, sweet thing,’ she says, and then her fingers are right there again, probing and touching.
Steve carries him outside, and oh! The sky is big and wide and streaked with colours, eggshell blue and flower pink and violet purple, the sun just disappearing beyond the wooded line of the sky. The ground gradually drops away into a little valley below them, and everything is lit with soft dappling colours, and Tony doesn’t know why but it makes him
‘Tony,’ Steve says in a soft voice. He is very close, and it makes Tony’s stomach flip because it’s
He suddenly remembers that he’s only supposed to look, not touch, unless he’s given permission, that’s what Dad and Mom always tell him. He snatches his finger away from the robot picture and quickly glances round, but luckily no-one’s noticed.
Tony’s very busy, then, because he finally has something to do, and at last he’s not feeling drowsy all the time. He crawls over to the pile in the corner, where Steve throws the scraps of his skins and bits of wood, and starts sorting through them, humming happily. He needs just the right kind.
He swallows hard and turns back to the school. It’s very big, but he’s used to big buildings, come on, he’s not
Trigger warning: references to self-harm.
Steve.
Tony sits between Darcy and Steve, in the car after school. He’s shivering, just a little bit, because it’s so – exciting, and different, and it feels a little bit like he’s in a dream or something.
Shit, she’s blushing, she can feel it, face and neck hot, hot, hot, and she keeps catching little glimpses of Steve’s
Tony looks up at him worriedly. ‘But…’ he says. ‘But Darcy’s my
‘Okay,’ Natasha says agreeably, but Tony hardly hears her because he’s too busy staring at Darcy with round eyes.
'Don't
After the pockets, there’s fairy bread and cupcakes from the hamper and pink fizzy drink, and then Phil pulls out a big cakebox and opens it, and Tony’s eyes get bigger and bigger with wonderment, because it’s a huge big chocolate cake shaped like a
Clint nods slowly. ‘Cool,’ he says in a small voice. Then he looks down at his hands and asks quietly, ‘Me too?’
‘Sorry. I probably should’ve asked where you wanted these, instead of just bringing them down.’
‘What’s that song?’ Tony murmurs, and kisses Steve’s collarbone, because it’s there and it’s sweet and silky and she’s wanted to put her lips against it for
She holds Tony for a few minutes, floating on the waves of pleasure rolling through her body from Tony’s touches; every so often she thumbs the wet patch at Tony’s centre, holding Tony steady as she gasps and squirms. Each time, Steve praises her for being good and keeping her hands where she was told, and Tony glows at the praise even as her breathing hitches and sobs from the teasing. There’s a glistening trail slipping down her thigh, and Steve smears at it, brings her fingers up to her mouth and licks at Tony’s faint sweet-salt taste.
“Come on,” Tony had said, shedding his apron and tossing it back into the kitchen. His eyes had a fresh sparkle to them. “Let’s go to the pier.”
There were teardrops smudging the neat writing. Tony couldn’t tell anymore if they were old or new.
“I don’t really know how it’ll turn out, so don’t get your hopes up,” Tony tried to deflect, but shut himself up at Steve’s unimpressed look.
“Flattery won’t get you anywhere, Stark,” Steve teased, putting his hands on Tony’s hips so he could pull him up against his chest, letting his forehead fall forward onto Tony’s.
Tony wrote in the letter that accompanied the photo.
and shit.”
"The only way you can look ahead is by looking behind first," Steve insisted.
“What?” Steve’s eyes widened and pink bloomed along his cheeks. “O-oh, the-the menu. Uh, no, not yet.”
Tony felt his cheeks grow hotter.
“Yeah, that’s why you never drank a single cup of the stuff in the two decades I’ve known you.”
Tony woke up slowly, stretching his legs out, and then his back, before letting his eyes open. Someone had pulled the black out curtains up so that red tinted light came through the decorative ones. There was only one person in this house that would do that and it wasn't Tony.
Then never came. Because Steve was coming back to Tony. Just like he promised.
“Hi, my name is Tony, how may I help you today?”
“Thanks.” Tony repeated.
"Really?" Steve asked, crinkling his nose, "How do you learn much from the future? You don't even know what's going to happen."
Tony blinked in surprise, looking down into that blue gaze again, that shy, wavering smile. Tony couldn’t help but grin back, even as he replied, “I’m working,”
Steve couldn’t help but smile a bit, and discreetly slipped two fingers into his pocket to brush against the paper sitting there with Tony’s address written on it, and his phone number, “Just in case,” Tony had said.
“Well, you already saw it, might as well get your opinion.”
“That is so —“
“Maybe I just really wanted the coffee.” Steve suggested, his hand still on the door knob.
“Are you gonna go out with him?”
“I can’t believe you got me to admit that,” Tony said, going for an exasperated tone but falling short somewhere around immense relief and adoration.
The shrill sound of Tony’s ringtone cut through his thoughts, and he jumped before looking down and seeing Peter’s name flash. A jolt of relief went through him and he answered quickly.
Tony chuckled, basking in the light that Steve seemed to bring everywhere with him. Everything Steve did for him seemed to glow, filling a part of Tony’s chest with warmth that he hadn’t even realized had been empty while he was gone.
“Tony, whatever the fuck went down between us does not justify anything that creep was about to do. You’re still a-a person. Hell, you’re the father of my son. Please don’t be surprised that I came.” Steve said, eyes flickering over just once before turning back to glare at the road.
“No, I know that Steve, I’m glad you did, I just – you didn’t have to. But you did.” Tony repeated, trying to figure out how to explain the jumbled mess that was his heart right now. The last time Steve and Tony had had a conversation, a real conversation beyond polite greetings, both their lawyers were present. And yet, when Tony was in trouble in the middle of the night, Steve still came to help.
“No, nothing happened. You probably got here before anything could. How…how did you get here, by the way? I mean, not how, obviously, you have your car, but I guess I mean how did you know, or why? Do you normally drive through here at one in the morning? Not that I can judge, or complain, I guess, since you literally just saved my ass, and I – “ Steve had started to gently usher him towards his car, and Tony cut off as Steve opened the passenger door for him. “Is this okay?”
“No, I think Malibu softened you up too much,” Steve teased, “Just let me know when you need a break from the harsh indoor weather conditions,”
Tony winced, because while he had been avoiding the thought, it had crossed his mind.
Back. Steve was coming back to him.
“I’m just saying,” Steve continued, “You’re allowed to date whoever you want – "
“Peter.” Tony warned.
“Why?” Steve asked.
“I’ll make sure to remind you that as soon as you get sick of it,” Steve laughed.
“Really?” Peter asked hopefully.
“Sorry Gingersnap, I think the mood is officially ruined whenever I see this monstrosity,” Tony replied, holding up one of the reindeer shaped cookies that Steve had put a red sprinkle on to emulate Rudolph’s nose, only the dye from the sprinkle had bled around the edges, making it look more like Dasher had gotten in a rough sleigh-crash instead. Tony hadn’t anticipated how soft the warm cookie would be, and poor Dasher bent inward under the force of Tony’s fingers.
"Later," Tony pouted, opting to ignore the teasing, "I don't want you to move yet,"
Steve thought desperately, despairing at whatever higher power was dangling Tony in front of his face for this one afternoon before he’d be cruelly ripped from his grasp in just a couple short hours.
“I don’t know,” Steve sighed again. “I just -- I think I miss you a lot is all. It’s awful cold in New York.”
“They announced his name,” Tony told her abruptly. “Over the intercom, at school the other day. In the morning, they sometimes announce the names…”
“I’m fine, Honey. I forgot to check my phone, I’m sorry.”
At this, Steve grinned, yanking him closer more roughly than he had in the other room, and dragged him up into another kiss.
Just as Tony pulled the covers over his shoulders and curled up on his side in bed, his phone rang. Frowning, he stuck one hand out to grab it off his nightstand and saw Steve’s contact photo staring up at him. A quick glance at the time confirmed to Tony that is was in fact 12:36 in the morning, which means that it is 3:36 in the morning in New York, a time that Steve always made sure to be fast asleep well before. He’s all about ‘healthy habits’ like ‘good sleeping schedules’ and ‘hydration.’
Steve had taken a seat at the island in the middle of the kitchen, idly twisting an old glass half filled with water in his hands while the coffee maker bubbled away. Tony’s apartment was fairly impressive, especially for the middle of Manhattan, but of course everything looked smaller next to Steve’s mass.
Steve gave him a cheeky grin. “Well, maybe not that long. I did make a lot of cookies,”
Steve looked up again in surprise, a hopeful look blooming in his eyes. “Yeah?”
“Huh?” Tony replied again, taking his arm off his face.
“You sure about that, Sugarplum?” Tony drawled, pushing up on his feet a bit, hooking his fingers in the front of Steve’s jeans tantalizingly. “It seems like I could get a
“Never, Darling,” Tony protested, reaching down to loosely pull Steve up by his sweater. “Merely smiling because you look gorgeous when you’re happy.”
“I’m looking out there right now. You’re bluffing.” Tony insisted calmly despite the turmoil happening in his stomach.
“Huh. Yeah, I guess they did. Sorry.” Tony realized, looking closer at the cup.
“Tony, I said to wait to finish the lab until
The Barnes’ had some pictures of Steve. They’d given out a nice one of him in his uniform, and Tony had kept that one, but he liked the ones where it was just Steve instead. There were only a few pinned up, pictures were so rare, but there was one where Steve was in the sun. Tony could imagine how the light bounced off the golden strands of his hair, like it had that day at the pier. Tony studied the sparkle he could see even though his blue eyes were dulled into gray by the photo. He was smiling. Tony stared at that picture for a long time. Mrs. Barnes asked if he’d like to keep it since they had a copy as well.
"Tony!" He cried. Tony pulled his face away from Steve's thigh so he could see his cheeky grin. "You haven't had enough after last night?"
It wasn’t signed, but Tony didn’t have to be a genius (which he was) to know who it was from. Tony tried to swallow but found his mouth suddenly dry as he tried to figure out how the hell Jeremy had gotten his phone number. He blamed the panic for how long it took him to remember that he’d had to leave his number to make the hotel reservation. And now he knew where Tony worked.
“Yeah, it was great.” Tony replied somewhat automatically.
“I don’t know. Usually when there’s an anniversary or something that reminds me of you.”
_____
“Really.” Tony confirmed gently.
for a
“You’re funny, Tony. Playing hard to get. You won’t be so hard to catch once you step out that door. I’m waiting for you.” Jeremy purred into the phone. Tony’s breath caught, and his heart clenched.
The morning before he shipped out, Steve didn’t wander into Tony’s cafe by accident. He’d never gone before, mostly because he could always see Tony’s brown curls through the window and never had the guts, but if he was about to be shipped off and see God knows what, he has to at least be brave enough to face the most beautiful boy he’d ever seen.
“About a half hour ago,” Steve continued quietly, “He just said that you were at work, but some guy was harassing you, and he had a bad feeling about it. Wanted me to check on you. Kid always did have good instincts.”
Snorting, Steve deadpanned, “You’re welcome. Can you work from here?”
“Who’s Pepper—”
“Oh. Well. Sure?” Tony was clear on his need for a familiar, but he had no idea what to actually do with one. Familiars presumably required regularly feeding. Maybe walks?
He’d been having a good day before the postman had dropped letters into his mail slot. Normally, Tony would ignore that until someone tripped over it (likely him). But he’d been expecting a payment from a customer, and so he’d scooped up the bundle to thumb through it. The official letter from the magic council with its waxed embossed seal had caught his eye. And filled him with dread. He never heard anything good from them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve’s eyes were sharp on him, weighing. “Any reason why?”
“I need to get on board ship,” Tony answered, his eyes already on the problem. “If the net’s tangled around the mast, that’s where I need to cut it free. Steve, once I start the incantation, I can’t pause. I can’t be disrupted. Bad things tend to happen.”
“Odd choice for a weapon, isn’t it?” Steve agreed before sipping at his coffee.
Tony put the shield down. “I’m what I’ve said.”
“You’re better looking than a golem, so I’m going with not-golem in your case. I mean, have you seen a golem? Rocky jumble of pieces with moss on them, makes lots of grinding noises, weird. Just weird. Anyway. I got sidetracked, where was I?”
Against his better judgment, he sat down at his work bench to open it. And then, to continue with his bad decision making process, actually read the damn thing. Why? Because he was apparently a glutton for punishment.
“Clothes.”
It was a little disturbing, even for him. Sometimes Tony lingered in his workspace for days, creating with his hands what he couldn’t do with his magic, just to feel a little less strange. Not so much the odd man out. But there was no denying how his magic operated, which was why he’d created the job for himself that he had.
He had to live with this man for a week? And behave?
“Well, Steve, what’s your sizes? Let’s see what I’ve got that will fit a tall man like you.”
Tony, my love, if you ask very nicely you can totally keep Steve, okay? Because Steve is bored out of his mind and you are most definitely his kind of challenge.
Steve.
know—that the last two parts of the trial are impossible with my magic—”
“I do, rather, although I wish I didn’t in this case.” Tony traded him letter for tray, as he didn’t want to hold the letter anyway. Not that he had much interest in food right now.
“Dishes done are dishes I don’t have to think about later,” Steve pointed out as if this was reasonable. “And while I do dishes, maybe you can find a comb?”
Tony snorted. “I bet. Well, if you’re really that bored and willing to keep me company while I figure this out?”
Rhodey handed him a short glass, and Steve took it with a nod of thanks. They all found chairs to sit in, Steve moving the shield off his back and to lean against the side of his leg. He found the chair comfortable and a good height for his long legs. Fortunately, as he was likely to be here a while.
“I am.”
That didn’t sound alarming or anything. “Then I’ll make sure you’re not interrupted.”
As Rhodey fetched chalk, Tony took a minute to shove some boxes aside. He had an influx of orders to deal with and seriously no time for this nonsense. He tried to hold onto that indignation instead of all the other emotions trying to batter at him.
“Ship, the
Tony’s head came up and he looked at Steve with interest. With how Steve had phrased it, he told no lie but misdirected Henry perfectly. And all with a sheepish sort of smile on his face, like he played to a crowd. Now where did he pick up that acting skill?
Tony vibrated in place, shifting from foot to foot, eager to be off. As soon as Steve hit the threshold of the door, he slammed it shut again without bothering to lock it this time and sprinted down the hill. Steve easily kept pace with him, and poor Yaegar frantically tried to do so, although he lagged immediately behind, as he was still struggling to catch his breath.
“I spent a full year staying in unfamiliar places with people I barely had a name for,” Steve pointed out, smiling down at Tony as if he found him adorable and that expression, that was just insulting. Tony was many things but adorable was not one of them. “This situation isn’t strange in that sense. And I’m just as curious about the answer, too. Why me? I didn’t think a familiar summoning
“You really do,” Steve agreed, smile widening. “But I’m judging if I have to catch you or not. You don’t look balanced or awake.”
“Bore me. I’m curious.”
“You cook,” Tony blurted out, as this was nonsensical. An army man who cooked?
Since he was first tested for magic at five years old, it had been clear to everyone that Tony’s magic didn’t play by the rules. Anything dealing with creation was somehow this insane task for him to complete. Even a basic fire spell. Wards were borderline, at best. But destroying something? Piece of cake. Tony’s eyes could dissect something down to its molecule without even trying. His magic could dismantle it and leave him feeling refreshed instead of drained.
“Please.” Not that it would impact Steve much, but it would soothe his soul.
Then it was for a very good reason.
Tony’s hands wrapped around Steve’s arm, feet scrambling for purchase. But he trusted the hold, didn’t try to squirm. “Good catch.”
With Rhodey’s very capable help, they drew out the large summoning circle on the wooden floor. No one knew what kind of creature a mage would call upon. Tony had seen everything from unicorns to dogs. It was whatever the mage’s own magic deemed suitable. People tended to draw large summoning circles. Just in case.
No one said anything for a long moment until the mage groaned aloud. “Fucking shit! How did I do that?!”
“God, yes. Liquid intelligence. Gimme.” He went to it like a bee towards nectar, pouring himself a cup nearly brimming over and inhaling it black. Then he poured another because the first cup was just to jump start his system. It didn’t actually supply him with any processing power.
How could anyone not be amazed by this? Steve might find it a little unnerving on some level, sure, but the applications of his magic alone—
“I do, in a few colors. Let’s see, I’ve got it in white and green as well—”
“I did.” In more ways than one. And the more time Steve spent with him, the more he wondered.
Steve answered it anyway. “I’m one of the best. It sounds like bragging when I say that, I know.”
Steve turned his head and gave Tony an amused smile that did funny things to Tony’s insides. “The basics, sure. Don’t ask anything too complicated of me. Coffee’s ready if you’d like a cup.”
Phew, okay, I can finally get more Tony-speak in here now that he's not completely frantic.
“I do not know,” his companion said, so shocked he was listing under it. “Seriously, I do not know, you did everything perfectly as far as I could see. Uh, sir? Do you understand me?”
“Hell, you’re serious.” Tony let out a half-laugh, shaking his head. “You’re a strange one, Steve. But okay, let me see if I can put into layman’s terms. So, to me, the world doesn’t look like simple structures. I can see the design of everything, right down to its smallest part.”
“Yeah.” Tony knocked back the rest of his drink before repeating in a lower, slightly unhappy tone. “Yeah, we should do that. But really? You’re willing to stay, Steve?”
“It looks great,” Tony answered honestly.
Blowing out a breath, Tony sat there and weighed his options. If he humored Rhodey, it would likely be embarrassing as hell, but…well, that would put an end to it all, wouldn’t it? The hopeless, wistful dreams he sometimes had about actually acquiring a mage’s license. Instead of working under someone else’s. Maybe that would be healthy for him. Tony was of the opinion it would hurt like hell.
What Tony had just done took magic to an entirely different level. Steve had literally never seen the like. He’d not fully understood it in the shop, with the register, as he’d not seen exactly what Tony had done. But now, with this full view, he did. On the one hand, it gave him a whole new set of questions. On the other, it outraged him.
Rather reluctantly, Tony agreed with him.
From the ethers of his mind, a memory stirred. A memory of a tall, well-built man with fair hair and stunning blue eyes.
“That’s always the question.” Tony spun in place, taking in the many tables filled with half-done projects, and cast his mind back to the last time he’d scrawled a design out onto one of his massive chalkboards. He couldn’t even remember what day that was. “Maybe…yeah, I have no clue, I’m not pretending otherwise. A new box should be in the supply cabinet, just grab one from there.”
Steve rather sympathized with that. Especially as the obvious implication was a doozey. “If you summoned me as a familiar, even by mistake, does that mean I’m currently bound to you as a familiar?”
He’d done what?!
Yes, that pun might be intended.
Tony sucked in a breath. He was less concerned with how Steve viewed him and more curious about who Steve was. “Okay, so who are you? And why do I see traces of magic in your system?”
“It’s part of how my magic works. I can examine everything down to it’s smallest component if you get me close enough.” Tony waved this off as unimportant. “With so much magic and time poured into you, are you really telling me that no one’s keeping track of you? That no one cares if you suddenly disappear?”
A sad smile crossed Steve’s face. “Not as such, no. My only family I had left was my mother, and I lost her before I was out of my teens. Most of my friends didn’t survive the war. I came home to a city I knew, but no one to greet me. I’m honestly glad you pulled me here, Tony. I was really at loose ends and not sure what to do with myself. At the very least, you gave me a break from that.”
“Near impossible,” Steve confirmed quietly. “And you really can see it all, can’t you?”
And if Tony was inundated with information just walking down a street… “Once you called me, did that change at all?”
But most of it was nonsensical to Steve. He wasn’t a magician, didn’t pretend to be. He understood the pronouns and a few familiar terms and most of it went over his head. Just standing around the shop got boring after an hour of this. He tapped them both on the shoulder, said he’d walk around the block, and got blank looks in return. Yeah, they were so buried in the problem, nothing else really penetrated. With a shrug, Steve let himself out the door.
Rhodey allowed the swap, and as he read the letter, his dark brows furrowed tight together in mounting concern. “Tony…this says….”
“I’m good.” Surprised, amazed, relieved and a few dozen other emotions.
Tony kept an ear trained on the two men even as he worked on the tiller. This time, it wasn’t that a gear had slipped, but something had gotten jammed into it. The tiller drawer refused to shut properly, and until it closed, Henry couldn’t clear the register and ring up another sale. No wonder he was frustrated.
Tony once again grabbed the arm around his waist for stability. “Whoa, whoa, whoa!”
Tony Stark was of the opinion that if life was going to fuck him over, it could at least use lube.
No one was really working, everyone intent on the scene outside of the harbor. And it was quite the scene. A huge whale was half-tangled next to a large fishing ship, a fin and part of the side sticking up out of the water. It thrashed a little as Steve watched and the ship rocked back and forth with it. Even from here, Steve fancied he could hear the yells of panic and dismay from those on board.
Steve was definitely laughing behind that straight face. “I’m pretty sure on that.”
“Good.” Steve went ahead two steps and opened the door, holding it aside so Tony could enter first.
“Right. Discharged three months ago.”
The idea of sending Steve off didn’t actually appeal to Tony. He kind of liked Steve and the idea of never seeing him again was depressing. Of course, that was also the familiar-mage bond likely talking. It wouldn’t like the idea of separation one iota.
Steve was over the rail, feet thudding dully against the wood of the deck, before Tony could fully respond.
Rhodey grunted agreement. “He’s got us there, Tony. We sound all sure of ourselves, but this is theory. I want to go back over the summoning circle and what you said, make sure we didn’t slip up somehow. Tests are definitely in order.”
A woman stood on top of two crates, and she had both arms waving frantically over her head. “TONY!”
“Oh,” Tony stupidly said. Then shook himself, because he was a fucking adult and could do better than that. “That’s really rotten. And a shame because you strike me as a nice guy, certainly you’re taking this all in stride better than I would have. Um, so second question, the shield you’re carrying?”
“Way to understate it, there, that was masterful.”
The motor was loud enough to make talking difficult, but Tony didn’t let that stop him. He yelled back to her, “How long has it been going on?”
“I see. But if you only have thirty days, why spend time studying my summoning? Shouldn’t you immediately break our bond and try again? Or are you worried about what will come to you next?”
Steve sucked in a startled breath that expelled on a choked laugh. “Great gods, man, but your eyes really are something. How long did it take you to see that?”
Reinforced, thereby a sharp knife couldn’t easily cut through? Steve knew absolutely nothing about fishing, but that’s what these two were intimating. They were closing on the ship rapidly, the little skiff basically skipping over the top of the water with its speed. Steve ignored the spray of seawater against his face and clothes, as he needed operational parameters on this before they arrived. “Tony! What are you planning to do?”
“Yeah, my eyes don’t really take a break. I’ve learned how to look past it. Sometimes. But mostly everything in the world has lines and numbers faintly glowing.”
“Brooks on Lynn,” Steve replied around a dry mouth. He felt like the world had just tilted on it’s axis. He was on the opposite side of the continent?! Weren’t summoning spells supposed to take something near you? Not thousands upon thousands of miles away.
“Passing the Trials.”
Tony stamped down a rising whimper. He may be in trouble.
“Uh, well, shit I might as well tell you. You’re bound to hear it from somebody.” Tony winced, already resigned to the inevitable reaction, and steadfastly looked anywhere but Steve’s face. “I’m already in trouble with the magic council. Because I’m twenty-three and still haven’t sat for the last of the Trials, see. They’ve given me thirty days to finish—twenty-nine now—or abandon my license. If they hear that I summoned a man, well, I’m not sure how they’d take it. Probably not well.”
But it was because of all this that he couldn’t pass the Trials. The Trials were a three part test, the first of which was a written exam (Tony had passed that one with flying colors), summoning a familiar, and finally a practical exam. He’d stalled on the second part because summoning was very close to the end of the magical spectrum that he sucked at.
Rhodey’s expression was a study in sympathy and concern. “Gods above, Tones, I know we suspected this was coming, but it’s still damn hard.”
Steve watched Tony and Rhodey work for a while, after that. They did some magical measurements on Steve, a quick and brisk wave of the wand from his viewpoint, and then they were back to muttering and poking at the summoning circle on the floor. Whatever it was they were looking for, they didn’t find it. Neither of them looked satisfied.
Tony sank into a chair near his, draining half his glass, then let his head rest in both hands. “Okay. Yeah, okay, I’m braced. Hit me, Rhodey.”
“Sure.” Steve followed him to the far wall, where the men’s clothing hung on racks and displays, letting Henry direct him.
He went to bed just before dawn, snatching a few hours of sleep, and then woke up blearily to the sounds of someone moving about in the kitchen. There was someone. In his kitchen? At—here he fumbled and found the clock on his nightstand, cranking open one eye to look at the time. Fuck, it was barely eight o’clock in the morning. Who functioned at eight o’clock in the morning? That had to be criminal or something.
“Not a lot. We were too far removed from it to get much news. I know it was brutal, and you were overwhelmed in the beginning. No one was sure if you’d win.”
As long as the damn thing stayed fix. He had no faith that would be the case.
Tony could just see the tip of whatever it was jammed back there. It looked like a note, or a receipt. Some kind of thin paper, anyway. Paper didn’t require a lengthy incantation to deconstruct, so it only took him about twenty seconds. With it gone, he was able to shut the drawer easily. He popped it open and shut it again, testing, making sure nothing else was wrong. It worked smoothly. Good, Tony was always in favor of an easy fix.
“It’s so tangled, they’re not making much headway! Part of the net has gotten wrapped around the mast, with all the thrashing, and you know those nets are reinforced.”
Yes, Steve, ask those questions.
Tony blew out a breath and reminded himself that he was asking a favor of Rhodey and so hitting him at this juncture probably wouldn’t help his cause any. As tempting as that was. And it was highly tempting.
There were times when Steve’s enhanced reflexes moved him before his mind really had time to think it through. As the whale once again tugged at the net, pulling the ship sharply towards her, Steve lunged forward and caught Tony before he could skitter too far. He clamped one hand around Tony’s waist, the other hand caught a rigging line and pulled them to a halt.
Tony, honey, I need you to understand that Steve is observant. Steve is well aware that you enjoy looking at him and he's playing to the crowd. Playing very hard to that crowd.
Was there? Oops, there was, right there. Tony tended to ignore glamours routinely as they obviously had no effect on his sight.
And what did it say about him that he actually entertained the idea of staying? Steve had been admittedly unhappy for months now, but he didn’t realize just how much until he was staring a clean slate right in the face. The idea of starting fresh here was oddly appealing. But would he even be allowed to?
