"I missed you." He whispered, smiling brightly. "I was so scared, that I was going to be all alone again. I didn't want to lose you, I just couldn't."
"Mr. Stark," Fury said calmly, "any and all information at S.H.I.E.L.D. is classified, yes, but if I were to send your best friend, Romanoff, and Barton on a mission that dangerous, then I would surely tell them. I do not send my agents to their doom without
"No, it just said that... Nat those bastards disguised themselves as me and Cap probably thinks it's really me hurting him." He felt Clint wrap an arm around him, pulling him into a hug. He rested his head against the other male's shoulder before speaking again. "They said they like to let their victims suffer, it's how they operate. Said they're trying to take out potential threats to their plans, they're trying to reduce Steve to nothing. Goddammit," he bit his lips, unshed tears threatening to spill, "they're fucking trying to kill Steve, and those twisted fuckers are impersonating me and he thinks I'm the one killing him."
"So, with the information that I gathered and remembering what Steve told me when he called me, I suspect foul play." Fury turned his head to the side to look at Tony with his eye as he continued. "When you mentioned aliens, Steve mentioned that the Hydra agents that they apprehended disappeared; it's as if they were never captured at all, but you see that's the thing, what if when you captured them, they simply escaped, or even more, what if they were called back to be used for a different mission of theirs? What if they gathered intel on them and now they've pulled the trigger."
"Hey... I was wondering when you'd show up. Was gettin' kinda lonely in here." The genius told him. He chuckled in response and shook his head, letting the door gently close behind him as he made his way over towards the bedside, taking a seat next to the brunette and placing his hand gently over the back of his.
He heard laughter around him, loud, malicious laughter, and it got closer until the husk of someone's breath was right next to his ear. He let out a strangled sound when a hand grasped his throat, and pain shot through his abdomen. The fake world around him dissipated, and he was back at the Triskelion, Loki's spear embedded in his abdomen. Blood pooled at his mouth, dripping onto the roof floor, eyes glassy and vision blurred due to tears.
After that first sketch, every page after was filled with Tony. His own smile never faltered as he continued thumbing through the pages, remembering each reason and memory of how and why this image was here. And still, to this very day does he continue to think Tony is beautiful; even if his eyes are cold, and his posture is stiff, he's more distant with him than he's ever been, and he averts his gaze from his own, he's never stopped being the most beautiful thing he's ever seen.
the genius in his arms, kissing him softly and telling him constantly that it will be ok, but he knows he's the one creating this space between, and Tony's just trying to do what's right. He wants to just so badly keep Tony close and tell him how much he loves him, but it's the insecurities creeping up his spine that pull him back with its invisible arms, strapping him to his seat and preventing him from moving.
Don't get him wrong, they're far from perfect because of all the unopened baggage they have yet to resolve, but that doesn't mean it's not perfect in his eyes. Perfect doesn't simply mean that everything is right and there are no faults because that's just an unrealistic ideology of the word perfect. To him, perfect is simply just waking up in the morning with your lover at your side, and even if throughout the days, weeks, months, or even years you guys spend together, an argument might occur, it's still perfect to him. The word perfect to him is the embodiment of Tony Stark because Tony in his own eyes is perfect.
"What do you mean?" Another sigh escaped through Steve's mouth this time. He ran a hand through his hair, turning around to face the genius.
"Sir, I would recommend looking at your phone. It is quite... Catastrophic." The genius rushes over to grab his phone off the table, holding it at the edges with his thumb and pointer finger, and flicking out a news screen. They watched as people ran for their lives, screams echoing through the air, creatures bounding into the streets, some from the Triskelion and some towards the building. They watched as people were slaughtered where they stood. Blood spurting onto buildings, the streets, even the sidewalks, organs and intestines swallowed by these foul creatures, dismembered bodies were thrown off to the side and left there to potentially rot. Lumps forming in some of their throats. It was too much to watch and Tony turned off his phone and put it back in his pocket.
He placed two pieces of garlic bread on both plates, a heap of spaghetti to follow. He stood back and looked at how... Plain the meal was. Was it too plain? He really should've made something different. What was he thinking? This was a terrible idea. What would Tony-
"Alright, who's cooking?" Tony announced his presence in the form of a question upon his arrival. He looked over at the stove and saw Natasha, a plate full of eggs and pancakes, accompanied by a small glass of orange juice resting next to her as she busied herself with cooking the bacon in the pan. Behind her were Bruce, Wanda, and Clint, their plates mirroring the one next to her, but they were already digging into their food.
"Tony, I-I'm gonna-", Steve started, but it was reduced to nothing but a groan against Tony's lips when the genius leaned down to kiss him. He wrapped his unoccupied arm around Tony's neck, deepening the kiss as pleasure pooled around his stomach, his balls tightening, the burning ache of release swirling rapidly as he was pushed closer to the edge. With one last thrust, Tony moaned against Steve's lip, burying himself inside the blonde, filling him up with his warm, thick seed, Steve following shortly after as he came over both of their stomachs. They pulled apart, Tony's head resting against Steve's shoulder, both participants panting as they came down from their high.
"Sure, I would like that." Steve leaned forward and placed a soft, gentle kiss on Tony's lip before pulling away and walking out of the lab. As he heard the door closed, the genius sighed softly to himself, finishing his burger and throwing the wrapper somewhere off to the side.
He touched his lips, remembering the kiss they had shared before S.H.I.E.L.D.s medical team had arrived at their location. And God, does he wish that those soft lips were against his own at this very moment, because only then. will his thoughts stop clouding his mind and quiet the guilt that's loud in his own mind. He sighs heavily and lets his hand drop to his side, his feet moving from his location towards the door.
"You're not getting away with this!" Tony yelled. Fake Steve simply shook his head and smirked at the genius, sending a shiver down Tony's spine.
"I know exactly what it's like, in case you were wondering." She said suddenly, catching Steve's attention as she kept her back to him. "I know what it's like to watch the person you care about fight for their life, I've even been in a situation where I've had to
Happiness for what exactly? That he was having a hard time figuring out. Was he happy that Steve was having a moment of weakness, and that Tony was there to help him? Or was he happy that the super-soldier wanted to be around Tony; which to him was something he didn't expect, truthfully? What he had expected was to just simply get water, give it to Steve, and that would be the end of it. Never in his life would he imagine the blonde to actually
"Considering where I grew up? I'll admit it's new, but I'd like for us to at least talk more before moving anywhere in the future. And I'm sure you're not ready for a relationship, right?"
"Don't worry about me. I'm just doing the right thing." And that was all he said before he sprinted up the staircase. His mind was in a dismal array, flooded with all the bad things that could happen to Tony. But he couldn't stop now and ponder what could happen to the genius, he had to get out of here.
They sit there and munch on their food, enjoy each other's presence. And it's just perfect for both of them. There are no words that need to be spoken right now, as they want to enjoy the moment for as long as it lasts. But sadly, they can't ignore the elephant in the room that they have yet to talk about.
She saw how disheveled he looked; from his messy unkempt hair to the dark bags under his eyes, followed by his red and puffy eyes and pale skin. He looked worse for wear, and it was absolutely bad.
"You talk too much. How about you put your mouth to good use first." If Tony wasn't turned on right now, then Steve's sentence
His eyes were fluttering close, the loss of too much blood catching up to him. The world was lost behind his eyelids, darkness encasing the image of the Raft, while his ears picked up a few sounds in the distance. What Steve might describe as an alarm, but soon the alarm was replaced by a buzzing sound, which soon turned into static white noise.
He sat in the communal area and bit his lip, wondering just where the love of his life could be? And normally it would be ok to let his mind wander and let himself succumb to his thoughts, but that was before he had someone he to worry about. Back then all he had to worry about was how to work modern technology; how the TV worked, how pretty much every invention in Avengers tower, and hell he even still looked up at the ceiling every time Jarvis- or rather now it was Friday- talked and he still wondered how they worked.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry you had to go through that, but I promise you, that it wasn't me who said that." He turned to look at Wanda, motioning with his head for her to come near him. She wasted no time standing next to Tony as he looked back at Steve and continued to speak. "I know you have no right to believe me, and I don't blame you if you don't trust me, but I am dangerously terrified of losing you. And I wanted to show you that what I'm saying is true."
He swears he's not going insane. It's not due to the lack of nutrition and water, no matter what anybody says, and it's not due to the lack of sleep for several days. Okay, he can't keep lying to himself, it was due to the lack of sleep because he was a lot more irritable than usual.
I was... I was small again. Like the serum never happened, and I was my normal self again. I felt my body shake violently, I tried to break free of the restraints on my wrists, but it just added to the pain that already existed by how raw and torn the skin in that area felt. I could feel how shallow my breathing was, it was as if I had asthma once again, I felt a weird bubbling sensation in my chest, and I wanted it to stop. I didn't want to feel how my body was riddled with ailments, how fragile my bones felt, how small and weak I felt, I wanted it to stop.
"Neither, cause we're not dating." Technically they weren't, so Tony wasn't exactly wrong. They were merely taking it slow and doing things that couples would normally do; which all include the following: holding hands, kissing, flirting, and spending time together. In actuality, maybe there would be a time where they would be official, but for now, taking it slow is something that seems to be working, even if Tony is still trying to adjust to it.
"I don't want to hurt you, though." It melted Tony's heart when Steve looked at him with concern in his eyes. He smiled and grabbed Steve's free hand, placing a kiss on the back of his palm.
Tony felt his heartbeat quicken, Steve's words bouncing around the walls inside of his head, touching his brain and sticking to it, knowledge being absorbed. This way Steve's first time with not just a guy, but with
"Tony." He stopped to look at the blonde, whose face had a slight tinge of red to it, the only known evidence to the genius that he was embarrassed. "You can't be saying those things, someone might be listening in."
He trusted this man, and it was going so well until the whole accords thing happened. They were divided, forced to choose different sides against each other, and maybe if they had talked it out like adults rather than giving the blatant statement of "I'm trying to keep you from tearing the Avengers apart," then maybe, just maybe they could have agreed on something. They were adults, he knew this and yet they acted like children- spoiled brats that complain and whine when they didn't get something they wanted, and oh how he wishes he could take everything back. But the damage has been done, and in the worst way possible.
"Alright, listen here you super asshole," Tony sat down on the chair across from Fury, taking his phone out of his pocket and showing him all the information that he and Jarvis gathered, "this data was heavily encrypted, and I wondered, 'why exactly would Fury not tell his best agents the whole details about the mission.' So, I did some digging and found this crucial information, which, surprise surprise, turns out to be you sending Steve and the spy twins to their doom. So what's your play, huh?"
"Let's not get ahead of ourselves. I never said I wasn't going to hurt you, but right now the super-soldier seems to be gone. Emotionally gone, anyways."
"Please, help me. It hurts, everything hurts." I said softly. I let a sob escape past my lips as I spoke more loudly this time. "Please, save me! I'm in so much pain." She smiled at me and moved closer, her hand gently resting on the side of my head.
"You're... You're not mad at me?" She was surprised, to say the least, she thought he would at least hate her for what she did to Steve, but here he was, comforting her instead. He shook his head and pulled back from the hug, looking straight into her eyes.
"Alright, get on that Quinjet and as soon as you hear the words "fire" come out of Ross's mouth, you get out of here and don't look back," Tony explained, letting go of Steve's wrist, already backpedaling towards the stairs.
Death is a weird concept, really. Some believe Heaven and Hell exist, those who believe you go to a better place, and those who simply do not believe at all. Those who have experienced death, cannot tell you what death is like because, well they're dead. Those who are alive can tell you exactly how death feels to them. It's not the same concept as someone who has died, because they feel all the physical pain, while the person who watches or has found out about their death, suffers from the emotional pain. Some say emotional pain is far more lethal than physical because while physical pain can leave you with scars that fade away, emotional scars are perpetual. They barely fade with time, because the mind in a way is trained to remember the emotional pain you felt and remember the trauma.
His own tears started to spill from his tear ducts, staining his cheeks with ghostly tears as he could practically feel how hurt, how damaged Steve was. He wiped away the tears as quickly as they came, hating himself just a little for how he reacted. But he couldn't deny that he did feel terrible for having caused the blonde to act like this. If he could just will his body to get out of the chair, have his feet carry him towards the hallway where his room was, he could at least make the situation better.
He thought to himself. Time seemed to tick away, but realistically, everything was moving too slow; which in itself was pretty funny, considering when he woke up here and got slightly adjusted to the way things were in the 21st century, he remembered saying things moved too fast. He located the remote on the table, resting there undisturbed, mocking him as he continued to stare at the cursed application.
As Tony happily shared his bed with the super-soldier, running his fingers through blonde locks, lulling Steve to sleep, he wondered to himself just when did they get this close. Or rather, when did Tony let Steve get this close to his heart that he would allow him into his lab and his bed. Truthfully he didn't care, he just closed his eyes and let himself relax, a smile plastered on his face all night as he comfortably slept next to Steve.
"Tell me whatever you want me to know." He thought for a moment, taking the time to remember his life back then and to disregard the pain he felt from telling Tony all of his old memories that he can no longer get back.
"Here, take this," Fury said, giving him a security passcard, "that card will give you access to the security room, and whatever room you need to enter to get that genius mind of yours working." He took the passcard from Fury and nodded his head, exiting the medical room and making his way down the corridors of S.H.I.E.L.D. towards the security room.
"Well you see, secretary asshole, I actually have a better proposition for you." He tapped his chest once, and the nanoreactor activated, encasing his body with the familiar hues of gold and red, with a touch of blue in the mix. "You go through me first."
"Come on, come on. Stay with me, come on." He heard her say frantically. Her head snapped up to him and he noticed how scared her blue eyes were. "Please, you have to help him! He's dying and needs treatment." His heart dropped to his stomach as he scooped up the soldier in his arms, his head lazily flopping around.
He released a breath he didn't know he was holding in, his knees finally giving out under him, causing him to crash against the floor. He panted heavily, his hands shaking violently as he was having a mini panic attack. It took him some time to finally get his breathing under control and for his hands to stop shaking. He picked himself up from the ground and grabbed his phone, all video footage recorded and ready at his disposal. He walked back to the medical bay on wobbly legs, realizing that not only was he one step closer to cracking this whole situation wide open, but that Steve was out there, and he was in danger.
He hasn't said a single word ever since the Quinjet taking him and Tony to Wakanda took off. Not a single word has been spoken, no matter how many times Tony has asked him if he's ok. He just looks at the genius with a sad expression, and he can see the pain and self-deprecation in Tony's eyes, and of course, it hurts him too, but what can he say? It's not that he doesn't want to speak to the brunette, it's the simple fact that his confidence has been shot, and he feels that he himself is nothing more than broken, damaged goods.
He sat back in awe as he watched her coil the energy flowing through her into a small ball of scarlet energy, after that, he was completely blown away by the fact that she can fly; not in the way Thor could, but it was more like she propelled herself through the air by shooting energy out of her hands and into the ground to give her the height elevation. Needless to say, Tony was at a loss for words the entire time.
"Steve." His name was called, followed by a knock on the door, halting the soldier in his process, and getting a curse out of Tony.
He doesn't care what he looks like in front of the genius right now, but he needs to get out of here. He couldn't breathe, and the flashes kept getting worse and worse, blinding him in such a way that he almost couldn't see where he was going. He rushed past the other, racing towards his room as the memory of the plane came into view. He tried to will the image away as he continued frantically trying to escape from the outside world, back into his own little isolation in that small room. The door came into view, and he turned the knob, pushing the door inwards and slamming it behind him, his back colliding only a few short moments later as his head started to hurt, and the tears started to form.
Steve right now. A small chuckle in his ear was all he heard before the soldier retracted his hands, the feeling of pleasure escaping him, and the ghostly trail of Steve's fingers still lingering on his thighs.
He still looked as beautiful as Steve remembered, even if his eyes sported deep dark bags and his hair was disheveled from either staying up too late working in the lab, or the nightmares that plagued him, he didn't know, but it didn't take away from his beauty. The way his pants clung to him, showing off his ass as he closed the door, and the way his shirt was able to show off just the slight amount of muscle in his biceps whenever he crossed his arms, and if he was lucky enough, the shirt would ride up and he could see his perfectly curved waist and the little patch of skin, as well as the boxers he sported. Most of all, it was his eyes that he loved the most; those beautiful, brown eyes of his that used to carry so much fondness, and compassion, replaced with a cold, hard steeled distant look. Tony still looked beautiful to him. Even if he was staring at him like the most disgusting thing he's ever laid eyes upon, Steve could only see his beauty past everything Tony did or didn't show him, because Steve was still in love with Tony.
It's selfish as hell, and he knows that but he's at one of his lowest points yet again, and he can't cope because everything is too hard.
“Good,” Rhodey said with cheerful menace. “Because that wasn’t an idle threat. I’ll feed you your intestines and bury you six feet underground.”
“You have the ice cream preference of a person in a much older age bracket. That was the one flavor my grandfather kept stocked in his fridge.”
“Ugh,” Tony made a face. “You’re so well adjusted it’s actually nauseating. You’re the most mindboggling teenager ever.”
It all made sense now. How Steve sometimes seemed so much older than his 18 years. Why he was unflinchingly patient for an alpha. How he was so sympathetic and supportive of omegas. Suffering did that to kids. It made them grow up way too fast; opened their eyes to the things most people never had to think about.
He’d make a terrible parent. Especially after seeing the hatchet job done by his own. He’d been raised on poison and neglect, and now it had him so twisted inside, he was scared he wouldn’t know how to raise a child any differently. He didn’t want to continue the cycle. Didn’t want to do what his parents had done to him.
As of now, Rhodey was the only alpha permitted entrance between those four walls. Tony had always assumed that’s the way it would stay.
Grinning innocently, she hit send and passed the phone back to him. “Don’t worry. It’s nothing bad. I just figured you might need a little help upping your game.”
“You’d know that better than me,” Jane said after another short pause. “But not necessarily. Two people don’t always have to be true mates in order to share a high compatibility.”
Overtaken with something he didn’t understand, Tony lifted his head and planted a small, quick kiss on the alpha’s lips.
Everything—the years of pent-up pain, and hurt, and heartbreak—it all came rushing to the surface. Burst out of him in giant, heaving, body wracking sobs.
“I really don’t like your dad, babe.” The tension in the alpha’s jaw gave Tony the impression that ‘really don’t like’ was a bit of an understatement. Steve was looking at him like Tony had just told him that Howard had murdered a litter of kittens versus merely dismantling a nonliving machine.
The last thing he remembered was a gentle stroking against his cheek; the safeguarded feeling of the alpha’s gaze watching over him.
But Tony wasn’t about to believe that Howard hadn’t been back to Italy out of any real, sentimental loyalty towards him.
The beta’s left eye was purpled and swollen shut, there was a gash on his cheek, and he was sporting a painful looking split lip. He had been in the process of lighting a cigarette, but as soon as he’d caught sight of Tony, his jaw had gone slack and he’d turned whiter than a sheet, causing the cigarette dangling from his mouth to drop dramatically and almost comically to the ground.
Nat’s cheerful humming stopped. “Barbie can’t miss her wedding,” she denied in a quiet, uneasy voice.
Tony scowled. “I’m fine,” he protested. The last thing he needed was to be fussed over and coddled. He felt humiliated enough as it was.
Steve had flipped one of the patio chairs around. He was straddling it while leaning pensively over a sketch pad that he had propped up against the back of the chair. The pencil in his hand was scratching against the page but Tony couldn’t see what he was drawing. The sun was glinting off his blond hair, making it appear streaked with gold, and highlighting the stark hollows of his too attractive face. His lowered lashes were long and full, his nose straight and commanding, and his lips were pink and perfectly plush. He was as stunningly handsome as he was rugged. Despite the teen’s musculature, size, and overall mature appearance, his true age was more apparent upon closer inspection. His tanned skin was too smooth and unlined to put him anywhere over 21.
? If he didn’t get a hold of himself, Nat was going to call him out for staring at Steve with giant, obvious heart eyes again.
, Tony thought, anger rolling through him. The blond girl should’ve been too young to know that insult yet, but he supposed her parents wanted to infuse her with prejudice early. “Is that true?” he asked Bucky.
“Put your arms above your head and hold onto the bed frame,” Tony had instructed heatedly, kissing and nipping his way down the alpha’s naked chest. “If you let go, I’ll stop.”
“Came to my—? Wow. Et tu, Brute?” Tony pretended to be insulted. “I take it back. You’re not a positive influence. You’re terrible—terrible for my ego.”
“Let me get this clear,” Tony blinked. “You want me to fix Bucky’s tablet? And you’re willing to pay me to do it?”
Whoa. Steve had googled how to ‘woo’ him? That was…well, Tony didn’t really know how to process that. He wasn’t used to alphas telling him things like that. Wasn’t used to them allowing themselves to be vulnerable.
Being around Steve in his present condition couldn't possibly be good for either of them. Not while Tony was in the middle of self-destructing, all the ugliness inside him spilling out everywhere.
It took Tony a second to process it through his fear—his mind was already calculating various scenarios and escape routes—but the beta didn’t come across as someone who’d been following him. Brock seemed equally surprised that they’d run into each other.
During the time he’d been mated to Obie, he’d been banned from building or designing anything. He hadn’t been allowed to set foot into the older man’s workshop or to so much as look at a wrench. The older alpha had once locked Tony up for days without food or water because he’d dared to offer a suggestion on the man’s latest project.
It would’ve been easy to tell her that everything was going to be okay, that the world was a wonderful place, and that they’d always be safe, but those were useless platitudes and empty promises—he knew that better than anyone. She was too smart for those. And if he handled a moment this important in the wrong way, he could potentially scar the girl. So, you know, no pressure.
“You are. You’re pining like a 12-year-old waiting for young Leonardo DiCaprio to respond to your engagement letter, and I should know, because I was that 12-year-old.”
Thanks again for all the comments/kudos/bookmarks. They encourage me so much. Just knowing that there are actually people out here who are enjoying this story and want to find out what happens next blows my mind and gives me the ultimate warm fuzzies.
She glared at Tony like a furious, little redheaded fireball and then promptly kicked him in the shin. “Are too!” she insisted crossly.
The sane, rational voice in his head was yelling at him not to wear it. Putting it on seemed counterproductive when the jersey was part of the reason he’d freaked out in the first place.
Ignoring the warning bells blaring in his head, Tony reached for the jersey. He was so wound up that he forgot to make sure that their hands didn’t touch. Or maybe he didn’t forget. Maybe he let their fingers touch deliberately.
Steve’s consoling hold on him never wavered. He pressed Tony into his chest. Let Tony burrow his face into the crook of his shoulder. He didn’t care when Tony made a drenched, snotty mess of his shirt. Didn't become impatient because Tony couldn’t stop crying.
“It was a fluke,” Tony insisted. “I’m overtired. Delusional. In need of another coffee.”  He slumped pitifully onto a lounge chair, arms crossed over his chest, his heart still pounding. He needed to calm down. Before his scent—however faint it was—got him into trouble.
“You dare speak to me with such disrespect, omega—” the woman started sputtering, but Tony cut her off.
“I can think of worse habits.” Steve had turned his head towards Tony in concern, the movie in front of them forgotten.
They might not have been true mates, but Tony was finding it increasingly difficult not to believe Steve hadn’t come into his life for a reason.
“Which is why you’ve been pining like a deflowered virgin the day after prom night, and checking your phone ten times an hour.”
“Y-yes.” He’d started getting them after he’d been disgraced. After that-which-he-did-not-think-about.
There. That was a safe reply, right? He wasn’t making conversation and had gotten straight to business.
The guy looked no older than a frat boy and might’ve been handsome if he hadn’t oozed with fake, cocky charm. He was a leanly muscled beta and only slightly taller than average, but his presence felt bigger than that. More sinister. Especially when he advanced on Tony until he was well within Tony’s personal bubble. “Hey, pretty. I see you here almost every day, but I never got the chance to introduce myself. I’m Brock.”
How was it possible that Tony kept running into him? The alpha seemed to be everywhere. Tony couldn’t escape him.
“I do now. Remember how you were always asking me to swim with you, and I’d have to say no? Well, times have changed, kid. I’m an Olympic level swimmer these days. The little mermaid’s got nothing on me. We can finally go in the water together.”
“Over my dead body.” The sound emanating from the teenager was more of a violent growling than actual words. “She’s not selling you to anybody, you hear me? I won’t allow it.”
“Scholarship, huh? Congrats.” Okay, why was Tony struck with a weird pang of longing at the idea of the alpha leaving in three months? Steve meant nothing to him. “I was given a scholarship once. I was accepted into the undergraduate program at MIT when I was 15…but they rescinded my admission after I presented. My mom shipped me off to omega finishing school instead.” He didn’t know why he was telling Steve all this. He wasn’t looking for pity or a lecture on how omegas belonged in the home and didn’t require a real education.
“You aren’t hungry?” The teenager frowned, watching as Tony closed the lid of the pizza box without taking any.
Darcy rummaged through their supply bag. “Er, sorry,” she winced apologetically. “I must have forgot to pack them. You’ll have to ask the lifeguard.”
Steve stiffened, something ruthless overtaking his expression as he speared the younger guard with a furious gaze. “Where were you? How the hell could you let this happen?”
“Here.” Steve grabbed a folded shirt from the dresser and handed it to Tony. “It doesn’t have a band logo on it, but it’s the best I can do.”
It gave Tony a warm flutter in his belly that the teen minded his manners less and wasn’t as reserved around him anymore.
Debating whether or not to respond to the teen’s message, Tony stared down at his phone. He didn’t want to encourage him.
Steve had seen the ugliest, most damaged, hidden parts of him...and he still wanted him. Wasn’t turning away. Wasn’t pressuring Tony for further explanations or for Tony to give him answers that he wasn’t ready for.
Tony’s eyes widened as a confusing mix of hope and panic clashed inside him. Other than a brief, hurried 60 seconds when he’d collected Bucky’s tablet, Tony had barely spoken to Steve since the teen had dropped an unwanted truth bomb on him.
And while Tony would normally never willingly enter the home of a strange alpha…he didn’t want to disappoint Nat. Didn’t want to make something out of nothing and ruin things with her new friend. Leaving now would feel too much like he was tucking his tail and running. He’d be all but confirming the stereotype that omegas were too fragile to socialize with alphas without some kind of chaperone around.
He intuitively seemed to know when Tony finally hit his limit and couldn’t take anymore. Releasing Tony, he slid his fingers out of him. Tony whined in protest, trying to cling to them.
Tony tried not to laugh at her obvious enthusiasm. “I think they heard you. Give them a second to come to the door.”
Tony waited for Steve to enter his apartment, then slid inside, shutting the door behind them. Leaning back against the closed door, he tipped his head to look up at the teen.
. I know you’re a sciencey, nerd-brain type, but it’s time to let magic into your life. I’ll just take his pic and do an image search.”
Then teen had been growing progressively more proprietary and demonstrative as the evening wore on. Handing Tony a napkin when he got grease on his face. Putting extra fries on his plate when he ran out. Resting his big hand on the back of Tony’s chair and keeping it there. Drinking out of the same lemonade glass as Tony—which normally didn’t bother Tony, because he and Steve spent so much time swapping spit these days that sharing food and drinks had become second nature to them, anyway—until he’d realized that Steve was making a point of getting that across on purpose.
Nat had been busy preparing for her junior dance recital all week, and that, coupled with her new fear of the pool, had made it surprisingly easy for Tony to avoid the alpha since their world shattering, fated-to-be-doomed kiss last Friday. However, Tony knew that it was only a matter of time before Nat started asking to see Bucky again soon. He’d have to come face to face with Steve eventually.
“Much fun as that would be to watch…he’s still my dad. I’m gonna have to ixnay any promises of violence made against him. Anyway, he’d treat you much differently than he treats me. He’d love you, I’m sure of it. You’re so effortlessly alpha—” in a way that Howard had tried so hard and failed to be “—he’d probably take one look at you and ask his lawyers to draw up adoption papers. You’re the archetype of everything he wanted me to be.” Howard would also be positively flummoxed that Steve was wasting his time with Tony. So, take that, Howard.
In spite of his disdain for everything he’d been taught in Omega Finishing School, he hadn’t made it out of there the same way he’d gone in. Hadn’t escaped without internalizing some of their harmful teachings.
Surging forwards, Tony grabbed the startled alpha by the collar of his shirt, pulling Steve’s mouth down onto his. “Touch me,” he gasped into the kiss.
“Steve, please—” He trashed, fucking himself down on Steve’s hand, a wet, gushing mess. “More—almost—gotta, gotta come—”
“I have had it with these motherfucking Hydra agents on this motherfucking SHIELD helicarrier!” the 80-foot-wide image of Nick Fury yelled on screen.
So then why did the walls suddenly feel like they were closing in on him? Why did his chest physically ache like it was caving in?
When Tony stiffened suspiciously, Steve added, “I’m not…uh…I’m not asking for anything else. I just want to hold your hand.”
As though unable to help himself, Steve rubbed his face along Tony’s again. Nuzzling him. Scenting him. “Tell me this is okay,” the teen pleaded. “Tell me if I need to stop.”
Bucky didn’t seem to share her enthusiasm for cleanliness. “I wanna play video games,” he protested.
He’d picked it up and walked out into the living room. Staring at it, he’d slumped down, sinking against the wall outside his door.
Steve relaxed. Nuzzling him back, he rested his forehead against Tony’s. “Like I said, babe, I’m not going to push you. Take as long as you need.”
Natasha would be devastated if Tony declined. The only way anyone was prying her apart from Bucky now was with a crowbar.
, Tony’s brain warned him, recalling how scary Steve had been when he’d gotten angry at the younger lifeguard.
“And I accept that.” Darcy stuck a straw into her lemon infused Sprite and took a sip. “Darcy logic is not meant for everyone.”
It was a looming void creeping over him, and he was falling into it. Slipping away. Disappearing little by little.
His instincts took over and a burst of omega pheromones flooded the air. Dawning horror filled him as his body instantly readied itself for the teenager and an uncomfortable rush of slick gushed out of him.
“Bucky broke his tablet, but he won’t let us take it in for repairs because he wants you to fix it. He thinks you’re some kind of tech whiz. He keeps talking about how you built Natasha a dancing robot…?”
Freezing, Natasha hit him with her best wide-eyed look of innocence. “May I be excused, please?” she recited.
She’d lost more and more of her soul the longer she’d stayed with Howard, until she’d molded herself into the perfect, high society Stepford wife.
Rhodey could’ve been less hostile towards Steve, true, but his friend’s concerns hadn’t come from nowhere. Alphas mistreated the omegas in their care more often than not.
It snapped him out of his paralysis. Surging forward, he grasped onto Steve’s outstretched hand with shaky fingers.
“I yelled at you in public,” Tony hissed. “I defied you. I am openly defying you as we speak. Do something about it. Get angry.”
“We did the same thing we always do—watched movies and fooled around.” Tony wasn’t ready to let the topic drop. “Wouldn’t you have rather had a party?”
How had his plans to give Steve a birthday present turned into Tony fucking things up royally? Leave it to him to make a mess out of the most innocuous situations.
promise you is that I didn’t want to leave you. I’m not making any plans to die. Look at it this way, new medical advancements are being made all the time. There’s every chance we could all live to be very,
Especially not when the alpha was dripping wet and had his red lifeguard’s tank sticking to him like a second skin – clinging to every hard, muscular line of his pectorals and abs. Muscles that Tony very much suddenly wanted to explore with his tongue.
He could feel the thick, hard outline of the alpha’s cock pressing into him through the wet material of the teen’s swimming trunks.
Getting people to care about him—to stick around—had always been like trying to hold onto smoke. The harder he’d hung on, the easier they’d slipped out of his hands. Even Rhodey, his one constant, still disappeared for long, extended tours in the military.
The teen was being militantly thorough about imprinting Tony with his scent. He was even nosing along Tony’s shoulders and collarbones.
He’d gotten an unfiltered look at what he was really getting into and had decided Tony wasn’t worth the trouble after all.
Slowly, teasingly he began to experimentally jack his fist. The sight was so unexpectedly erotic he couldn’t stand it. Unable to hold off a second longer, he leaned down and swiped his tongue over the broad head of the teen’s cock.
She passed for at least a decade younger than her advancing years, still in possession of the kind of good looks that could turn heads. Her plastic surgeon had earned every penny.
A blinding wave of pleasure was reaching a crescendo inside him. It was so strong, part of him was afraid of giving into it.
Even now, he was masochistically hopeful. Part of him was willing to believe that she’d sought him out because she missed him and regretted her actions. That she was trying to repair their relationship.
. Why had he said that? And why did he keep sharing personal details of his life with the alpha? He knew better than that.
He’d been miserable and hurting for so long now, that he’d forgotten how to be happy. He’d thought he’d broken the part of him responsible for feeling it.
“Too late.” Snapping a photo, Darcy masked it under the guise of taking a selfie, her fingers tapping away. “Well, well, well…what do you know? His Facebook is one of the first results and—jackpot—his privacy settings are practically non-existent. We should warn him about that. Wouldn’t want any creepers using it to stalk him.”
Tony was tempted to quip back. Except, there wasn’t going to be a next year, was there? “Keep it in your pants, Rogers,” he joked instead, fighting a sudden wave of melancholy. “Not in front of the bot. He’s young and impressionable.”
Steve closed the door behind him, shutting himself in with Tony. His voice gentled, “What happened, baby? What brought this on?”
“Am I not alpha enough for you?” Brock accused. “Is that it? I’ve seen you slavering all over that lifeguard. You come in here smelling the way you do, practically
Steve glanced her way before turning back to Tony. “I’ve got to go.” He sounded almost regretful. “Peggy will kill me if we miss the opening credits. It was good seeing you.” And with a nod of his chin, the blond was gone.
His disbelief was forced to take a backseat when the patio door slid open and childish giggling flooded the kitchen. Bucky entered first and Nat closed the door behind them.
“I’m not sneaking around like you’re some dirty little secret. Anyone has a problem with that, they can take it up with me.”
He could still hear Howard’s voice in his head as clear as anything. Could smell the whiskey on his breath.
fucked up, that’s what happened. This little game, or flirtation, or whatever the hell you want to call it that’s been going on between us has gone on long enough. I’m done. We’ll be cordial for the kids. I’d never keep Nat from seeing Bucky. But that’s it.”
Their little disagreement was even starting to attract some unwanted attention from the two other adults at the park. Though Tony had a feeling the 40-year-old park moms would be staring at Steve anyway. They were eyeballing the alpha in a manner that seemed to suggest that they’d be imagining Steve when they lay with their mates later that night.
The alpha was standing confidently at the far end of the pool, looking like some kind of ridiculously handsome god of the sea. His’s arms were crossed over his broad chest, making his already impressive biceps bulge even more. The sun was glancing off the hollows of his cheekbones, and he was wearing a pair of reflective, black aviators.
“It’s about my suppressants.” God, this was embarrassing to say. “I know omegas have a low pheromone output and stop producing, uh, slick, when we take them...which is honestly more of a benefit than a side effect for me...but lately I’ve been...well, I’ve been producing a lot of both. I’m not sure why they aren’t working.” Okay, that wasn’t strictly true. He had a pretty good idea what was causing it.
“Listen…about the other day.” Steve rubbed the back of his neck, making the muscles bunch in his arm. “If I said something wrong, I’m sorry. I never wanted to upset you.” The tips of his ears were turning red like he was close to blushing.
His skin had crawled when he’d seen that the main doctor was a beta male—male doctors had a habit of getting too handsy and asking wildly invasive questions, and that was talking best case scenario—but the man had been nothing but professional.
“It’s okay.” Bruce slid his glasses back on and reached for the book. “I already memorized it. Thank you for your assistance. I would stay and exchange further social niceties, but I’d rather return to my studies.” He strode off, leaving Tony and Steve alone.
Steve seemed to jerk back, mouth going slack, a wounded expression falling across his face before he was able to hide it. He took a few breaths as his throat worked on a particularly hard swallow. “You’ll get better medical attention if they think you’re with me,” he said defensively.
. His vision went hazy as his insides awoke with a terrible need. He wanted to rub himself all over the room. Wanted to wallow in it.
“I wouldn’t buy you,” Steve said stiffly, tone almost insulted. Appearing his actual age for once, he looked youthfully optimistic and unusually nervous when he continued, voice earnest, “If I asked you to be my mate, it wouldn’t come attached with a contract. It would be your choice.”
Steve might not have been physically restraining him anymore, but he’d maneuvered his big body right in front of Tony, conveniently blocking the exit. He wasn’t letting Tony pass.
Jane laughed. “No, seriously.” Her laughter faded when no one rushed to give her a different answer. “Oh. Um, well, that’s—that’s great. But I’m sure you understand why I have to take this back. Sorry.” With that, the beer was yanked from Steve’s hand for a second time.
Bruce had a hard time getting along with the other children his age. His intelligence set him apart from them and made him ‘different’ - and like anything that was different, it also made him a target for bullying.
He was struck with the abrupt feeling that he was walking into a lion’s den. Like the alpha had somehow set this into motion…like it was all one big, giant trap.
“Take the money, Tony.” His jaw was set in resolve. “You did a job for me and you deserve to be compensated for your time.”
It was clear the teen was eager to provide Tony with some form of reciprocation. The alpha asked every time without fail, voice roughened with unconstrained need, “Can I touch you? I want to touch you so bad, baby.”
Which was just...wildly unfair. Someone with muscles that size should not have been able to move at a speed
He was drowning in Steve’s heartbeat. It was louder than his own, resounding in his head from the fast, rushing pulse in Steve’s wrist.
Tony moaned and squeezed his eyes shut. Despite his body’s demand for more, his inner muscles clamped down on the intrusion. Dark memories clouded the present, warning him of the past he longed to forget.
The smell of sizzling meat reached Tony’s nose and his stomach let out a growl of protest. He’d been too absorbed in obsessing over Steve to remember to eat that morning.
Tony’s heart gave an unwilling, ill-fated squeeze. Steve had watched The Sandlot for him? It wasn’t what one would call an award-winning movie. Tony had liked it well enough when he was a kid, but he hadn’t seen it since, and it probably required nostalgia goggles for proper viewing.
Waiting on pins and needles for Steve’s reaction, Tony dropped Steve’s hand. “Okay, champ,” he allowed, “you can open ‘em.”
Steve pushed some of the hair back from Tony’s forehead—a move Tony suspected might’ve been done to covertly check his temperature. “No complaining, babe. It’ll help you feel better.”
“Stop,” Tony gasped, shoving at Steve’s chest, terrified by the power of his own out of control reaction. “Stop. Stop. Please. No. I—”
At one point, Tony had made Steve laugh. And, okay, sure, Tony was used to drawing chuckles out of the alpha, but this had been an unrestrained, full body kind of laugh. One that had made Steve double over and put his hand on his abs for support.
The wound of losing her had been bleeding out for years. Unhealing. Breaking his heart day after day after day.
Steve looked disappointed for a moment before his eyes lit back up. “I guess it’s a good thing you have another swimming lesson tomorrow, then,” he said, full of hope, like getting to hold Tony’s hand was somehow the highlight of his teenage life.
He wanted to bite down on his hip bones, raking his teeth across his skin so he left bruises on the blonde that would no doubt heal in a few hours. Every second he endured watching the soldier give himself to Tony, the more he was oh so close to seeing what lay under his clothes, and oh how badly he wanted to see what a super soldier's dick looked like.
"Excuse me, Mr. Stark?" He heard someone call out his name. He blinked and looked away from the door, seeing one of the doctors that had helped Steve coming his way. She was about his height, blonde short wavy hair that sat neatly on her shoulders, circular glasses, and petite frame. She carried a manilla folder in her hands as her black heels clicked on the shiny silver titles as she made her way over to him.
And it wasn't even the first time he did, it was every subsequent session after that. Each day after that one, the genius was nowhere to be found. The only time Steve ever found him was when he was in Shuri's lab, tinkering away, laughing with the other scientist, and it hurt. He started to cease going to therapy after the fourth time of Tony not showing up, four days without seeing the man he loves after every therapy session because the only reason he even started going or, rather, agreeing to go to these sessions, is because Tony said they'd do it
"So, fancy thing about this machine is that it knows just how everyone likes their coffee, but considering you've never learned to use the machine," Steve narrowed his eyes, "it has yet to register your order." Steve watched as Tony pushed several buttons, a lot more buttons than he had to press to get his order. He then noticed the genius motioning for him again, but he stood there with his eyebrows scrunched in confusion. "Give me your finger."
"I'm not going to lie to you and say that I'm not uncomfortable, but I can't let what happened to me control me. I
"Right, my bad. But come on, you have to admit you have the body of an adonis. You literally breathe sex and-"
He growls against his neck while Tony pulls on his hair, holding his head close to his neck and allowing him to continue to bite down. He doesn't know what's gotten into him, but by God does he enjoy what he's doing and the pure
"You're so cute when you're confused and wet." He said. A low chuckle made its way past my lips, I tried to get closer to hug him, by my wrists were met with resistance. I looked down and saw that they were bound to the chair I was currently in. I tried to move my wrists, but it was impossible when I could feel the skin underneath my gloves start to rub against the leather.
"They're called Axelons, shapeshifters that take on the forms of those we care about and lure into a false sense of security." Thor started.
That is what the inside had said, and God if he wasn't already madly in love with the blonde, then this gesture would surely be the reason why he would be all over him right about now. He smiled and slipped the ring on, the object fitting perfectly, and sitting beautifully on his ring finger.
He endured it; suffered through every pain imaginable, even the ones nobody could see that tainted his heart emotionally, the scars that were left behind from years of loss, and grief, and heartache to heartbreak, he continued to remain strong like the soldier he was. But it didn't mean he never felt it. He simply told himself that maybe he deserved this for what he did to Tony; for not telling him about his parents, for not signing the accords, for choosing to save Bucky instead of turning himself in, or listening to Tony so they could work this out. But truthfully, that would be taking all the blame, and it wasn't all his fault.
"I'm not weak," I stated. I felt his hand grab my chin again, forcing me to look at him. His hand was under my shirt, resting on my stomach.
"Tony! What's wrong?" Someone asked him, holding onto his weak body. He tried to speak, but words weren't coming out, his tongue felt swollen, his throat dry, a tight feeling in the middle as if it was closing. His pants of breath were ragged, his eyelids getting heavier until he found his eyes finally closing shut, darkness taking away the little light he could see.
The elevator dinged and the doors open, his feet stepping out of the metal container and towards the kitchen. He looked down again at himself and noticed the bandage wrapped around his arm, as well as the vibrant visible pink he saw on his wrist. He sighed to himself and soon found himself in the kitchen, but he stood frozen as his eyes gazed upon the figure sitting at the table.
"You're such a gentleman. You should eat first." He shakes his head at Tony's statement and continues to hold the burger out for him. He doesn't resist this time, and he gives in, smiling lovingly at Steve before he inches forward and sinks his teeth into the warm bun and all the ingredients contained within. He makes a sound of satisfaction, making Steve chuckle as he grabs a fry and holds that out for Tony too, who happily accepts it.
When he woke up he first noticed the blinding white light above him, causing him to squint. He closed his eyes and reopened them, his eyes adjusting to the light, and noticed people surrounding him. "Why are you staring at me? Is there something on my face?" He joked.
"Is that... Normal?" He followed the direction Steves' finger was pointed in, locating a couple walking by, hand in hand, however, this wasn't your typical male and female couple, no, this was a same-sex couple-,two men holding hands and happily talking to each other.
killed my parents!?" And there was that assumption again of Bucky being his boyfriend, which obviously he wasn't. He didn't harbor any romantic feelings towards the person who was more or less like a brother to him, rather than a romantic interest.
It was a long shot and Tony knew that, but it was a shot he was willing to take. He was willing to do whatever it took to get Steve back to normal, even if that meant locking himself in his lab and feeling this overwhelming pain in his heart every time Steve flinched from him. If they could somehow help Steve, then the pain would be worth it in the end. It was the only thing Tony could think of to try to make Steve happy again.
in all these amazing ways that he couldn't fathom putting words on it, that his name alone out of Steve's mouth held so much love that it just left him truly breathless. "You have been the light of my life, this sparkling, beautiful light that never ceases to die out and only shines so bright when I'm around. You keep me rooted, on my toes, you keep me so close to you, and every time I hold you in my arms, or I kiss those calloused, yet perfect lips of yours do I fall in love all over again, and continue to tell myself that I am home.
He wiped the sweat off of Steve's forehead, leaning in slowly, placing his soft, yet calloused, dry lips onto his forehead in a gentle kiss. He then rested his own forehead against the sleeping blonde's, running his fingers gently through his blonde locks, while the soldier's own beard scratched against his goatee. It was an act that Tony had done in the past whenever Steve was having a nightmare, and for the life of him, he could not just let the soldier go through this alone.
"Exactly, but no this is much bigger than S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ. Think about it; the whole Loki incident that happened right here in the tower? All of Manhattan got to witness it. If the target isn't here, and there's an infestation of these creeps at S.H.I.E.L.D., then where is the only other place they could go to blend in and look like an agent?"
"We'll do all we can, but I'm afraid you're going to have to sit and wait." The doctor left him standing there, his body planted firmly where he stood. He felt ice in his veins, a numbness washing over him. He wanted to move, he wanted his body to respond to him, but it felt like he wasn't in control of his body. This couldn't be real, right? This all had to be some sick twisted dream and he would wake up in his bed and Steve would be there, the super-spy twins would be there bugging them and cockblocking him. But... It all felt so real, God this was so fucked up. His body stiffened, his limbs moving towards the medical wing as a commotion was heard. He burst through the double doors, and he was met with a sight he thought he would never see.
Somehow we made it outside, I didn't know how as I was barely conscious, but the feeling of snow falling from the sky, and the small crunch of snow under my feet was the last thing I remember before I collapsed.
Steve walked over to him, drawing the attention span of the brunette once more. He placed his hands on either side of Tony's face, cupping his cheeks in his hands. "You gonna be ok?" He asked sincerely.
"Thanks for the pep talk, Cap. I better have a reward after all of this is over." Steve snorted in response.
She made her way over to take a seat next to him while he calmed down his rapidly beating heart, watching as she grabbed the remote and turned on the TV with ease. He let out a deep exhale of breath once he was calm enough, letting his head rest against the back of the couch, staring up at the ceiling.
He doesn't know who made the first moaning sound, whether it was him or Tony, it didn't matter, the kiss was amazing. He licked the brunette's lip, asking for entrance which was happily given to him shortly after. This was a new experience to him, and oh boy did he like the way their tongues danced for control. He pulled back a few minutes later once the need for air arose, their forehead resting against each other, smiles on both of their faces.
This vulnerability he allowed to creep up on him, worming its way up his spine, infecting every part of his body it slithered upon, this invasive feeling coursing through his blood and simply tainting it, he couldn't stand it. He wasn't supposed to be vulnerable, he was supposed to be strong, that's what he's not only been trained to do, but that's what was easiest for him. If he was strong, he could hold back all the emotions he was feeling, only allowing himself to let it all flow out when he went to the gym and beat up some poor punching bag until sand littered the floors and the bag flew a few feet away from him.
"Of course, Captain. But I must warn you that where you are going is most likely a death sentence." T'Challa warned. He knew the risk he was willing to take, but he didn't care. He cared more about Tony's well-being and safety than he did his own, and he wouldn't forgive himself if anything bad had happened to Tony. Who knows what Ross could have done to him by now?
Tony tried to maintain eye contact with Steve, but it was a losing battle. It was so hard to lie to Captain America. Especially since he’d been doing it for so long. You’d think lying to Steve would get easier with practice, but it was like the myth of Sisyphus. Just hauling up boulder after boulder of dishonestly, from further down the hill each time. “I handled it. I was curious about something, and I found my answer. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I believe I’m entitled to some Jello. And maybe a Bourbon.”
knew that if he’d been able to say the real reason, they’d never have gotten married in the first place.
Steve wasn’t used to consecutive days of a good night’s sleep. After a week off, it was like his body became saturated with it. His muscles grew heavy, and he was afraid that if he didn’t
to avoid listening to the voice in his head, the one that told him that it was all over, that he was kneeling in the middle of a battlefield once again, that no matter how fast he ran or how hard he fought, when it came to the people he loved the most, he would always be too late…
He supposed he was lucky that it would end here, so that he could really look. There wasn’t an alien race bent on destroying New York, or a snotty kid from Queens following him around, or a former business partner with a vendetta that might destroy the world.
Of course Steve probably didn’t think about it. He was the Star Spangled Man. He was the paragon of truth and justice in the galaxy. Why the Hell would he ever wonder if he should have done something differently?”
Steve had once accused Tony of not being able to stay behind, to let someone crawl over him while he laid on the wire.
“And you’re pretty obvious.” Natasha added. “I mean, you didn’t get divorced because of a mid-life crisis.”
He took a deep breath, savoring the sight of the city in the distance, lit up so differently than it had when he’d left for the war. On nights like this, when he was in the river, he almost felt like he could be a part of the city again. Like he wasn’t just a relic that didn’t belong anywhere but in a museum.
Tony grabbed the back of Steve’s chair and rolled him back from the table. He sat on the gleaming glass table, right where Steve had been a moment earlier, so that his shins brushed the top of Steve’s knees, and he never would have been this brave. He never would have said, “We have to do something. If we don’t—I can’t lose. I can’t lose
Tony wasn’t eating much. He’d ordered a burrito bowl ‘to lay off the carbs’, but he was mostly pushing his food around, his brow furrowed.
He remembered flying toward the planet Nardur, and a flash of light, and a jolt of the kind of terror he’d only felt once before, going after the Chitauri into the wormhole, and then---
“It’s an elemental force of radioactive energy.” Tony said. “And it tends to attack planets that are on the verge of dying, kind of like how a star will go supernova.”
Tony Stark was missing, and if the Avengers didn’t have Tony, well—Steve tried not to think about it. It had been bad enough forcing Spider-Man to stay behind—he’d been crawling all over the ship in the armor Tony had given him, and when Steve had finally grabbed him, he’d nearly fought back.
“Sure.” Clint nodded. “Come on Nat.” He grabbed Natasha’s hand and towed her toward the door. “We don’t need to listen to denial. We aren’t even getting paid for this.”
Steve waved him quiet. “I mean, we saved the day. Crisis cancelled. Earth is safe. Who cares if it was supposed to happen? It happened.”
Natasha looked directly at Steve.  “The thing that destroyed the planet Tony flew at.”  She said. “It’s coming here. “
“Nah. If a radioactive snap isn’t gonna turn my insides to mush, what’s the danger of a little space, right?”
“No malfunction occurred with the suit.” F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s disembodied voice reported. “Mr. Stark simply disappeared off all comms, and it’s impossible to get him back online. There’s no trace of him.”
Tony took another bite of the burrito bowl and chewed thoughtfully. Then he reached into his pocket and pulled out a sheaf of paper. He held it up. It was nearly see-through, but Steve could tell what was on it— “The suit?”
But he’d known that Thor was there. He’d known there must be a way. A loophole he hadn’t though of. Some bit of alien technology that might help him.
“Tony, you know this isn’t right.” Steve didn’t pull away, or throw him off, which was another sure sign that this was a dream.
For the first time since he’d made the suit in that cave, everything that was going wrong in the world, in the universe, had to be someone else’s problem.
There was something comforting about knowing you were going to die. It released you from responsibilities. It made the idea of indulging in a view instead of saving the universe not selfish, but warranted.
Clint rolled his eyes. “Does all this secrecy have anything to do with the fact that you’re in love with Steve?”
“Tony?” The voice was soft and warm, solid. A voice that reminded him of log cabins and warm fires, and Sundays on the back porch.
Quill’s fingers twitched. “Fine. We leave at dawn.” He looked Steve up and down. “Don’t eat anything beforehand. Most people vomit the first couple times they go through hyperspace.”
“Tony.” Steve took a deep breath. “As far as the Avengers HQ is concerned, there was no reason for you to take off into space with no backup and then end up on the receiving end of some planet-destroying weapon. As far as Avengers HQ is concerned, there are
“Oh please. Let’s not act like your money has any discernible limit.” Clint rolled his eyes, strode over to the coffee machine in the corner, and started drinking directly from the percolator.
It terrified Steve to think that’s what Tony might be planning. He’d divorced Pepper. He wouldn’t talk to anyone, not even Nat or Rhodes. What if he was in that dark place? What if Steve couldn’t pull him out of it?
Steve shook his head and opened the throttle, and the bike shot forward, bursting past a barricade that lay in front of a bit of construction. The road grew bumpy, and then rocky, and then Steve was racing over a dock, the wind whistling in his ears.
A tear rolled down Tony’s cheek, and he took a shuddering breath. Was that the slow dissolution of oxygen, or his own anxiety creeping into his heart?
would you not bring back up with you?  Danvers at the very least!” Natasha said furiously. “You’re not an alien, Tony. You’re just—”
to sign.” Tony walked around the desk to sit beside him. He really should have known it was a dream by this point, because he would never have put his hand on Steve’s shoulder otherwise, never allowed his fingers to squeeze on the hard ridge of muscle and tendon there, to feel the corded power and tension beneath his hands, like a switch that could flip on at any second.
Tony waited until their voices had faded down the corridor, then a little bit longer; he couldn’t ever discount super-soldier hearing. “I need to speak to Dr. Strange.”
, and I was just this kid who had to stay home and watch the reels and pretend that recycling rubber was the same as serving. Bucky was shipping out, and he was leaving me behind. I had to do
“Tonight.” Nat said. “Quill and Rocket are gonna give us a ride. You, me, and Barton. Rhodes stays behind to call Danvers in case things get dicey.”
Tony wakes up in his hospital bed, and has a very unproductive conversation with the rest of the Avengers. What was he up to in space? And what does it mean for the rest of the universe?
He felt a weight at the end of his hospital bed and looked up to see Pepper on one side and Steve on the other. Both seemed to have pulled up a chair and fallen asleep with their heads resting on the bed. Pepper’s hair was a red fan against the white sheets. She was still dressed in an impeccable suit, her hair in a flawless ponytail.
“You’re on.” Nat glanced at Tony and smirked. “Tony’s not gonna make it a month without dragging Steve up to his room.”
Tony looked back at Steve. “You’re wondering what had me going into space? Deep space? Where I inadvertently ran into a planet-destroying weapon?”
Tony put down the helmet, looking out across the vast expanse of space. At least he had a chance to see it before he died. He could really look, without scanning for approaching enemy ships, without calculating battle strategies, without thinking about where the kid was or who was going to attack or what was going to happen.
It was a habit Steve had gotten into during the blip, when there had been less ships in the harbor, less people on the streets. But ever since, he’d craved that clarity that came from flying through the air. There was always a point where he felt almost weightless, where the adrenaline and the wind and the awareness of his own body flipped the switch on all the negative thoughts in his head.
But now, Steve sat rigid in his seat, trying to take deep breaths and forget about the utter impossibility that was space travel. In situations like this, it was usually better to ground himself with things that made a little more sense, things he could see and understand.
“Yeah, but—” Quill gestured helplessly at the wreckage before him. “Same readings as before. Just—nothing.”
Steve had once accused him of never being able to surrender for the greater good. Never being the soldier who would fall on the grenade for his comrades, who would sacrifice his life in an instant if it meant others could survive for one more day.
Tony was so caught up in his mental freak out that he hadn’t even realized he’d followed Steve up a flight of stairs and into his bedroom until it was already too late. Some distant part of his brain took note of a navy-blue bedspread, the multiple sports posters adorning the walls, and how well-organized the room was, but the rest of him was focused on one thing: the room smelled incredible. Steve’s scent was more concentrated here and Tony was immediately assailed with the strong, potent scent of alpha male.
It was all that alpha’s fault. He hadn’t been able to make his body calm down and had spent the night pacing his house. His skin had been flushed and almost fevery. If he didn’t know better, he’d think it was a sign that he was going into heat. But omegas didn’t get heats on suppressants.
He’d been hoping that sharing his recollection of the night he’d almost drowned with Steve would be the magic cure all. Wasn’t that how it worked on those psychobabble shows on TV? Not so much, as it turned out. Television had lied to him.
Great. Nice of her parents to warn him. Now he’d be vacuuming glitter out of every nook and cranny in the house for the next month.
“You know, if you’re trying to annoy me into being less anxious about this whole thing, I have to tell you that it’s working. You are impressively efficient at being annoying.”
Very few alphas would allow a warm, slick omega to sit there and leak pheromones all over them like this and then expect nothing in return but a cheap cuddle. The windows weren’t even open, for god’s sake. His damn pheromones were hotboxing his apartment.
But he strangely didn’t hate the way he looked in Steve’s sketch of him. The desperation and shame that usually darkened his eyes—hanging over him like an ever-constant shadow—weren’t there. The Tony in the picture was wearing his favorite ACDC shirt (the one he’d worn his first day at the pool) and was laughing while flipping someone—presumably Darcy—the middle finger. He had his black sunglasses propped on the end of his nose, appearing confident and happy, his eyes practically smirking. He looked like someone youthful and charismatic. Like the kind of person he might’ve been in another life.
Except Steve wasn’t like other alphas. He’d already had plenty of chances to show his nasty side. To take advantage of Tony.
Rhodey had appointed himself the role of looking out for Tony ever since they were children. He held himself responsible for not being able to spare Tony from Obie. There hadn’t been anything he could’ve done, but that didn’t stop Rhodes from blaming himself anyway. His oldest friend was very much of a ‘over my dead body' mindset when it came to Tony ending up with an alpha like Obie again.
Alphas didn’t typically date other alphas. It was frowned upon but not unheard of. There were still those who believed it was ‘unnatural,’ but it wasn’t illegal like it had been 50 years ago.
The teenager was still in his apartment. And not only that, he was in the middle of whipping up breakfast.
Omegas weren’t supposed to allow any alpha outside of their own near them. Obie would’ve exploded if he’d found Tony within touching distance of Rhodey. Tony had been punished for it on more than one occasion.
“You’re scared of me,” Steve said, face tight. There was something alarmingly perceptive darkening his blue eyes and causing his jaw to clench. Like he suspected exactly what might cause someone to flinch away from being touched. “I don’t want you to be scared of me.”
“Yes.” Steve lifted a serious brow. “Are you sure you want to argue with me? I can do this all day.”
Nat had requested for Tony to set his self-timer so that he could record the four of them dancing her completed routine on his phone. The ensuing footage had immediately become one of his favorite keepsakes.
Growling. Steve was growling. Hugely scary, dangerous type of growling. Fury radiating off of him at a level Tony hadn’t been prepared for.
“Okay,” the boy agreed. And then he promptly threw Bruce’s belongings into the pool and raced off, cackling.
Tony didn’t like how the usually confident alpha sounded so insecure. It made something fierce and protective clamor awake inside him. Which was weird as hell, because he’d never felt the need to
Time seemed to slow as Tony watched the picture of his ultrasound flutter to the ground. His heart pounded as loudly as a gunshot.
Nat stretched on her tiptoes as she tried to push the doorbell. She was too short and had to jump to reach it. “Hi! Hello! Hi!” she hopped excitedly. “I’m here! Please let me in!”
Steve's gaze didn’t waver. “Help me out here, Tony. No games. I’m laying it all on the line. Do you feel anything for me, or am I just some creep who can’t take a hint?” Uneasiness lined his face, his throat working. “‘Cause I’ll leave you alone for good if that’s really what you want.”
But it wasn’t the turnoff Tony had hoped it’d be. Instead of reacting like any sane 18-year-old and running for the hills, Steve somehow looked even
As if he’d ever been good at saying no when it came to Steve. If he had, he wouldn’t be in a pseudo relationship with a teenager in the first place.
Tony had been raised to believe that there was something innately wrong with him. He’d been taught to hate everything about his omega nature.
“I’ll drink to that,” Tony muttered, bringing his beer to his lips. And because the universe evidently hadn't finished throwing curveballs at him that evening, he got yet another massive shock lobbed his way.
“No diving in the shallow end!” a loud, authoritative voice rang out. Tony practically jumped out of his skin as the lifeguard strode passed them. The blond—Steve—was admonishing a young, dark-haired boy. The boy splashed some water at him, and Steve reached an arm out to ruffle his hair playfully.
If he learned how it felt to spend the night laying in Steve’s arms—to wake up to Steve in the morning—how would he ever sleep without him again?
Steve could have chosen anyone. Someone younger. Someone better looking. Someone who wasn’t disgraced.
Darcy didn’t know what she was talking about. She was unusually sheltered for an omega. Her older sister—a beta named Jane—was fiercely protective.
“Bucky,” the boy replied. He had chin length brown hair and looked to be around the same age as her.
“That she does.” She set down her drink and sighed. “The pool just won’t be the same without Steve to gawk at. I am woeful. I am feeling woe.”
“She was being mean to Bucky!” Natasha cried. “She was makin’ fun of his hair and she called him the b-word! She said he was a omega b-word!”
,” Tony said way too forcefully, because he still hadn’t changed Steve’s ringtone from ‘Teenage Dream’ and would die a swift, mortifying death if Steve ever found out. Composing himself, “I mean, no. It’s alright. I think I know where I left it.”
Tony was too elated to call him out over the persistent use of that annoying endearment. Gliding his free hand through the water, he watched as it flowed around him in wavelets, gently lapping at his skin. “I don’t know if I could’ve done it without you,” he confessed.
The plan had been to keep things laidback and not in-your-face romantic. They’d get some exercise walking along the beach, take advantage of the nice weather, enjoy a few snacks…
“Okay. That’s cool,” he said patiently. “You can ignore me if that’s what you want, but you can’t be excused from the table until you tell me why you’re not eating.”
he wanted to demand, but he was afraid to know the answer. Instead, he bit the inside of his lip and said, “And, uh, Peggy? She’s pretty. Like really,
Tony really wished his stupid heart hadn’t stuttered at that statement. It was like the more alpha possessiveness Steve displayed, the more Tony’s twisted omega lizard brain liked it, no matter how much his rational, non-prehistoric brain said otherwise.
His lungs burned with the need for air. And even though he knew he shouldn’t breathe in, he couldn’t help it. He gasped for breath and choked, sucking in water.
He gripped Tony’s thighs and pulled them farther apart, spreading him open. “You have no idea how much I've thought about this. Gotta taste you. Tell me I can taste you.”
She still hadn’t been back to the community center since bearing witness to his near-death experience.
He felt a stab of envy at how fond Steve sounded of his father. He wondered what it’d be like to actually have his parents’ approval.
Slowing to a mesmerized stop, Tony watched as Steve sliced powerfully through the water. It was obvious that the alpha was a natural athlete. He moved with speed, precision, and the kind of effortless force that made it look easy; the muscles in his arms and chest on full display. It was more than a little impressive to behold.
“Good call,” Tony said, defaulting to a protective veneer of being aloof. “I wouldn’t have gone. I’ve made an exception for you, but hanging out with a bunch of jocks isn’t my scene. That’s your world. Not mine.”
The alpha sucked in a breath, appearing almost hesitant, like he couldn’t quite believe Tony had given him permission.
Natasha nodded. “No runnin’,” she ticked off on her little fingers. “No deep end, and no holdin’ the kids’ I don’t like heads under water.”
Tony watched as he returned to his group of friends. Steve slid a casual arm around the shoulders of a pretty brunette and said something that Tony couldn’t hear. She rolled her brown eyes at him but the affection in them was clear.
Tony was no stranger to people pointing and whispering—or even outright mocking him—when they caught sight of the barcode on the back of his neck.
“I can’t believe you ordered butter pecan.” Tony latched onto the first thing he could think to say.
“The more you say things like that, the more sure I get.” And the more horny. Who knew that someone displaying concern for him would be such a turn on? He must’ve had the saddest set of kinks in existence. “I mean, why’d you bring me on a date to the drive-in if we weren’t gonna make out?”
“Do you work full time or are you still in school?” Rhodey grilled the teen. “You got a plan in place for your future?”
Normally, this much contact between him and Steve would have his pheromones rearing their ugly heads. Luckily—or, rather, unluckily, depending on how you looked at it—his body seemed too traumatized to react accordingly. It could only muster up a low thrumming of desire, instead of the so-horny-he-couldn’t-think-straight variety the teenager usually brought out in him.
The teen took that as the highest of compliments. His lips tipped up into a soft smile that reached his eyes.
“Water gun mishap,” Tony said, like that somehow explained it. “And he’s no one important. He’s the older brother of Nat’s friend.”
The day went from great to better when Nat choreographed a short, water ballet routine for them all.
Self-preservation took over and he buried that-which-he-did-not-think-about back into the dark corners.
Amara had moseyed across the pool and was now laying her beach towel down next to Steve’s lifeguard chair. Flipping her hair over her shoulder, she proceeded to crawl onto the towel like she was in the middle of a Sports Illustrated photoshoot. When that failed to earn her the alpha’s attention, she pulled a bottle from her tote bag and began applying tanning oil to her legs in what could only be described as an unsubtle fashion.
Steve routinely quelled anyone who looked like they might have something to say with scary ‘try me’ alpha glares. To date, they had not, in fact, tried him.
Being linked to Tony would reflect poorly on Steve’s reputation. Society at large would assume there was something wrong with him for choosing a defective omega. Steve claimed not to care about that, sure, but that was easy to say when the consequences were all hypothetical.
Obie had got off on taking advantage of it. He had liked to wait until Tony was a sobbing, mindless mess before giving him even an ounce of relief. Until Tony had learned exactly how weak he was.
Yeah, Tony was starting to get that. “You’re a bit of a freak, Rogers.” He paused as he mulled it over. “But I kind of like that about you.”
—was so overwhelming that it was impossible to forget, even in the face of Tony’s fear. Fear that was spiking his adrenaline, making his blood pound harder and his heartbeat quicken. But it was also making his senses sharper; bringing his connection to Steve into greater focus.
Steve let out a soft groan. “Don’t tell me that. Now I’m kicking myself. Why didn’t you say anything?”
If Darcy’s online snooping was indeed correct, then the alpha would’ve had a birthday on the fourth of July.
However, the beta woman surprised him when she smiled supportively and said, “You have a beautiful family. It brings me joy to see an omega who is so loved. I hope my granddaughter will be blessed with a mate and children as wonderful as yours someday.”
He crouched down so they were closer to eye level. “Hey,” he said gently, “I wish I could promise you nothing like that will ever happen again…but I can’t do that. Bad things happen sometimes. They’re hard and they’re painful, and they’re part of life. If we’re lucky, though, we have people who care about us to help us through the rough patches. And you, miss, have a lot of people who care about you.” He had no clue if he was saying the right thing or not. At least her tears seemed to be slowing. Hopefully, that was a good sign. “What I
Tony snorted. The only thing missing was the cheesy music, and the two could’ve been reenacting every fraught, dramatic reunion on every soap opera ever. He watched as Nat gave Bucky his mermaid crown. It was decorated with shiny pink and aqua beads, seashells, purple seahorses, and glittery gold starfish. Tony had been slightly worried that Bucky wouldn’t like it. Thanks to the gender roles imposed on society, there were plenty of little boys who’d find it ‘too girly.’ However, Bucky’s little chest actually seemed to puff up as he let Nat put it on his head. He seemed delighted that she’d made him something.
Tony had the feeling that Steve would only get more handsome and more magnetic as he got older. He was the type who’d look extra rakish and appealing with some friendly crinkles under his eyes and a hint of smile lines.
Tony went boneless against him, his instincts relishing being held. He was always a sucker for Steve cuddles, even if he was being made into the consummate little spoon.
Steve huffed a strained laugh. Then, in a voice that made Tony’s blood hot, he instructed, “Come here.”
“Of course, I am,” he retorted sarcastically, forgetting to keep his attitude in check. “I’m an omega, aren’t I? We’re all perfectly maternal and great with kids.”
“You mean guzzling whiskey and turning into a drunken, rage-fueled monster? It was kind of his specialty.”
For the smallest fraction of a second, Tony almost tensed and pulled away. But he didn’t have to be afraid. Not of Steve. Never of Steve.
A brilliant grin stretched over Steve’s face. It was so bright it almost hurt to look at it. He appeared younger in that moment—brimming with optimism and a willingness to seize life in the way only a teenager could. He was so gorgeous and unattainable it made Tony’s stomach hurt.
“No, here’s fine. And no lifejackets this time. I have a new plan. A better plan.” Or a ruinous one.
. “Maybe...I mean...I’ll admit there might be a teeny-tiny overlap in the timeline...microscopic, really.”
“I don’t want to talk about him anymore,” Tony said, heart beating away like a humming bird’s wings. “Actually, I don’t want to talk at all.”
After his near-death experience as a child, Tony had developed an obsession with reading about other people who’d almost drowned. He’d read hundreds of articles, over and over again, memorizing all of them.
“H-hey, Steve.” Tony’s head snapped up as he scrambled to his feet in an attempt to feel less tiny. “Fancy running into you here.”
The pencil in Steve’s hand began moving across the notepad again as he refocused on whatever it was he was doing. Tony sat up straighter, trying to peak at it, but he still couldn’t get a good look. The angle was all wrong.
“I, um…dead, huh?” he stammered, resorting to what he did best and trying to use humor to cope. “That’s a little melodramatic, isn’t it? Stupidly romantic, maybe, I’ll give you that, but—”
“We really need to find you a happier, less morbid rhyme,” he called after her. That girl was well on her way to becoming a modern-day Wednesday Adams.
Tony’s heart upticked at the thought of the alpha touching him. It was a bad idea that would surely end disastrously for him, but he found he couldn’t say no. Swallowing, he nodded his permission.
again. Every full, unimpeded breath felt like being reborn. Slowly, the burning in his chest lessened, the black spots dancing in front of his eyes disappeared, and he found himself able to process more of his surroundings.
“I’m ready for more than just kissing.” Steve had helped him find the courage to try facing some of his demons. “Did you mean it when you said I get to call the shots?”
“So you’re not sticking around,” Rhodey nodded. Then, sounding like he was issuing a challenge, he added, “You know, I spent some time on the college team back in my day. What position do you play?”
Nat’s behavior obviously had to do with the fact that he’d drowned. That she’d been forced to watch as Brock and his goon had targeted him. He should’ve picked up on it sooner. She’d been acting out more and more since that fateful day at the pool.
The belief hadn’t stopped the older man from trying to force a baby on him anyway. Or finding new and vindictive reasons to blame Tony when it had all gone wrong.
Tony froze. His heart skipped a beat like he was in a 1970s Harlequin romance novel. He could picture Steve’s suggestion all too perfectly. Hours of one-on-one time spent together—half-naked and dripping wet—in the pool…Exploring all the miles and miles of the alpha’s sun-kissed skin and hardened muscles…Steve’s strong hands on him as he instructed him, gently but possessively…Their sweaty bodies brushing up against each other. “…That’s probably not a good idea.”
Steve had been distant and reserved for the rest of the night. He hadn’t spoken much except to comment on the baseball game he’d put on the TV. He hadn’t reached for Tony or pulled him into his arms, either, and Steve
The alpha blinked. Then he surged forwards to come closer to Tony, but Tony threw up a hand to keep him back.
And he had Steve to thank for all of it. Just one more immeasurable gift the teenager had given him.
“I don’t know how those images got there,” an anxious beta male denied in what was clearly the most obvious lie since “I did not have sexual relations with that woman”.
Glancing down at the slice of peanut butter bread that was now sticking to his shirt, Tony peeled it off and dropped it into the waste bin.
off his head. It’s like you want to raise him soft. But then, I wouldn’t expect a disgraced omega to know how to properly raise a child. You have too many rights as it is.”
“Alright. Do you remember the rules?” Tony rearranged Natasha’s crooked goggles, almost unable to believe that they’d finally reached their destination. They’d run into some trouble while trying to get inside the community center. Their wagon hadn’t been permitted on the pool deck, and Tony’d had quite the challenge convincing Nat that she couldn’t wear her ‘tail’ AKA her pillowcase in the water. The last thing he needed was for the girl to almost drown on his watch.
Rhodey kept giving Steve increasingly difficult passes, seemingly trying to weed out a flaw in his game. He was reluctantly impressed when Steve handled them all with ease. From that point on, he started asking Steve to perform more and more impossible feats to test his aim. First, Steve was expected to throw the ball through the tire swing hanging in the back of the yard. Then he was made to do it again while the swing was moving—without touching the rim. And then subsequently told to knock a beer can off the top of the swaying swing. After that, a beer can pyramid was set up, and Steve was tasked with hitting the top of the pyramid with his eyes closed. He pulled it all off without a hitch.
No longer resisting being comforted, he ducked his head into Steve’s shoulder, curling into the alpha’s touch and clinging to him like he would a lifeline.
And then they were playing in the pool together – a friendship made, just like that. Maybe his job as a nanny was turning him into a softie, but Tony found it adorably wholesome. There was something to be said for the way young kids treated each other. They didn’t have any bullshit alpha/beta/omega dynamics getting in their way and complicating everything.
“I insist you stop speaking about me as if I’m not here.” Two graphic lines appeared above the robot's eyes, mimicking irate eyebrows.
Reaching for her handbag, she calmly stood from the table. As she swept by him, she left him with the parting words, “It was good to see you, son.”
“It’s because I know how to embrace my man pain. My man pain and I have become one,” Steve deadpanned with a completely straight face.
Steve’s kiss turned more frenzied. He nipped at Tony’s lips, kissing Tony like his life depended on it. The rumbling noise coming from his chest had grown louder, rougher.
, Tony thought hopefully. Maybe he wouldn’t have to see the alpha at all. He’d come prepared, though, just in case. He’d sprayed on so much scent blocker that he must’ve accidentally inhaled half a bottle. The ensuing coughing fit hadn’t been fun.
eighteen again. He overwrote his history, pretending that Steve was the first and only person to ever touch him - that he wasn’t old and used up. Wasn't unclean and tainted by Obie.
I haven’t had good experiences?” Tony repeated stiffly. That was a hot button. That was a don’t-ever-go-there button. “With all undue respect, no, you
“He’s probably plotting to dump pig’s blood on that reject’s head,” the younger omega sniggered back.
“Good.” Addressing the woman, “Now, if you’ll excuse me, we will be leaving. I hope we never run into you at the park again.” Turning on his heel, he stormed off, Bucky and Nat trailing behind him.
“Nobody’s getting burnt on my watch. Nurse’s orders.” Jane dug a bottle of SPF 50 out of her purse and handed it to them. “There’s more in the house if you need it.”
Steve’s big hand continued to manipulate his cock, wringing more aftershocks from him. Drawing them out to the last possible second. Purrs were reverberating out of the teen like crazy, the sound more animalistic than ever.
The alpha looked like Tony only need say the word and Obadiah Stane would be wiped from the face of the earth.
He couldn’t maintain his sanity if the teenager started putting his hands on him. And Tony needed his sanity to be able to do this. Otherwise, he’d end up bred and knotted with only himself to blame.
“I did. I told you I was cold. It’s the universally accepted code for ‘we should huddle together for warmth and science’.”
He knew what was going to happen. Could see the whole violent scenario playing out in technicolor inside his head.
“...I already told you why.” Tony glanced away, self-conscious and frustrated that he was being such a shrinking violet. If he didn’t overcome his psychological blocks soon, he was going to combust into a supernova of unreleased sexual tension. “Things were becoming, uh, a little heavier than I can deal with...”
“We could sign you up for lessons,” Darcy said innocently. “There’s a posting on the wall. I think I read that Steve,” she pronounced it more like
He almost choked on the first sip. It tasted godawful. And from a man who could drink cheap, black coffee evocative of battery acid and engine residue, that was saying something.
A ringing phone jerked him back to wakefulness. Fumbling as he pulled it from his pocket, he lifted it to his ear. “Yeah?” he asked, fighting a yawn.
The thing was, Tony usually hated how he looked. As a male omega, he was severely limited in his ability to develop muscle and was incapable of growing facial hair. He was a skinnier, weaker, shorter version of his father. Every time he looked in the mirror, Howard’s features stared right back at him, mocking him. Reminding him that he’d never be good enough. That he’d never amount to anything.
It wasn’t the first time Steve had been suspicious of him, and it certainly wouldn’t be the last. Whenever Tony had made that Infinity Gauntlet, Steve had been sure that he would try to use it himself.
Steve and Tony have a late-night conversation, and Steve gets closer to learning the truth of Tony's fascination with the comet
“If he doesn’t want to help us, he doesn’t have to.” Steve glared at him. “Wouldn’t be the first time.”
“Company’s fine. That’s why I’m running it, remember? Because if the company was tied to you, it would have been sucked into the vacuum of space a long time ago.”
“Which is why I’m leaving you in charge of Avengers Compound while we’re away.” Steve said patiently.
“All Avengers accounted for.” Natasha poked her head in. Typical of her to wait in the hall. Tony swore that woman had been genetically programmed for constant vigilance. “Parker took on about 20 calls in the 24 hours you were gone. He needs his rest.”
There were no more tricks to pull. No more suits to pull out of spare parts and last-ditch innovations. No new elements to discover or rediscover.
Steve nodded, gripping the bar at the edge of the observation deck so hard, he could feel his fingers making dents in the metal.
In his nightmares, Steve still remembered that lost look in Tony’s eyes after he’d used the Stones, the way they’d lighted on him for just a moment before growing vacant, Peter and Pepper’s sobs echoing in his ears. In his nightmares, the despair sank Steve onto his knees, and he his limbs felt impossibly heavy as he listened to Peter’s desperate pleading, to the barely concealed devastation in Pepper’s voice.  In his nightmares, Tony’s eyes stayed vacant and lost forever, and Steve woke up half certain he was still kneeling on that dusty battlefield, watching the reason that he’d finally become part of the world again turn to ash and die in front of him, over and over.
“We’ve talked enough, Tony. I’m not going to be part of your experiments anymore. The world is saved. I’m done.”
Something about Steve always seemed to strip that part of him away, break it down to the thinnest barrier. Tony always wondered how he’d managed to come off so sarcastic and arrogant whenever Steve was near, when Steve always made him feel like he was so fragile, like his skin was made of glass, bound to shatter at the slightest touch, at the smallest movement.
for help! It went against all the rules of the universe for Tony Stark to ask another Avenger how to solve a problem, especially one that involved time travel and quantum physics.
in space at the moment. So where the hell did you get your information, and what the hell are we going to do make sure that the next planet to be destroyed isn’t, I don’t know,
it mean? Was this further proof that one’s fate could be altered? Or was he always supposed to tempt the Comet in this universe, always supposed to be bailed out by beings that were like gods compared to him? Was there a portal right by the Comet, right now, that he was missing?  “It means—”
Steve’s jaw tightened. It was incredibly distracting. “Another couple minutes out there and you would have been dead, or at least brain-dead. Whatever is out there, you obviously lost to it.
“A little busy, Stark. Can this wait?” Danvers sounded smooth and calm. But she was a pilot. That could mean anything.
Once there, he sank to the floor, hearing Steve’s voice in his ears over and over, thinking of the Comet, and his last opportunity which had crumbled into nothing.
Tony looked exasperated. “I know you’re not just dumb and strong, Steve. No matter what the fanfiction says.”
“But it’s not.” Tony looked at them all earnestly. “Just—trust me, okay? What happened to me out there was not a threat to us. I swear on Pepper’s life.”
Tony was obsessed with discovering new tricks to make the alpha purr. Nipping on his bottom lip usually did it. Lightly scratching his chest worked too. Hearing it was getting to be an addiction.
“Eighteen?!” Rhodey echoed. “Jesus, you’ve got to be kidding me. That is the most freakishly evolved teenager I’ve ever seen. He looks like a professional linebacker.”
The teen continued to utter soft reassurances. He was purring for him, but his purrs were much different from the ones Tony usually heard when Steve was happy or they were fooling around. These were gentler. Softer. They commiserated sorrow and seemed to speak directly to the part of Tony that needed to hear them most.
“I usually don’t. But it’s been pointed out to me that I can be a real stubborn asshole sometimes.” The alpha winced like he was immediately regretting what he’d said. “Uh, I mean…I didn’t mean to cuss.”
The teen’s aim seemed to defy all laws of physics, almost like he could curve the ball. That kind of speed, precision, and control had to be well above the skill level of the average player. No wonder he’d been awarded a scholarship.
Something about that statement must’ve bothered Steve, because the alpha turned away to stare out the car window, his jaw hard.
Just mere days ago, Tony had been tinkering in his workshop, ruing the speed at which July was flying by, when a jarring realization had unceremoniously hit him upside the head.
“Because Nat loves to swim. Me? Not so much. Though I suppose my opinion might differ if I actually knew how.”
The prospect of another lonely, sleepless night spent jerking off hardly appealed to him. Depriving his instincts of what they really craved was taking the worst toll on his sanity.
is Steve?” Jane exclaimed, as if his name held significant meaning even though Tony had never mentioned it to her before. “Wow. You weren’t kidding, Darce, he
“I’m okay…” Tony drew in a few de-escalating breaths. “You’re already helping. Just, uh, maybe watch the neck? I know you weren’t holding me tightly, and I like it when you kiss me there, but I don’t like hands near my throat.”
“There’s nothing wrong with talking about things,” Steve frowned slightly, sounding like an infomercial for couples therapy. Not that they were a couple—or would ever
He’d spent the night researching the problem himself. But the internet was a cesspool of unhelpful and inaccurate information when it came to omegas—most of the articles he’d found had been trying to convince him that suppressants were a mortal sin—so he’d been praying that Jane would have a different answer for him.
Sex and physical contact had become so intrinsically linked with trauma and abuse in his head that it was hard to believe he’d ever be able to fully untangle them.
the football team. And he won the state championship with each. There are a lot of posts about some charity work he’s involved in…huh, wouldn’t have expected that…”
Though one wouldn’t guess it by looking at him, on account of the teen’s ridiculous muscle mass, Steve made for a surprisingly comfortable human pillow. Tony lay there for an untold amount of time, soothed by the dependable, rise and fall of his alpha’s chest. He drifted between consciousness and unconsciousness, hovering at the edge where everything already seemed like a dream.
“…I was.” There was an uncomfortable beat of silence before Steve cleared his throat. “He died a couple of years ago. Went on a tour overseas and never came back.”
The blond disappeared under the water and quickly resurfaced with Bruce’s belongings in hand. He effortlessly heaved himself out of the pool using one heavily muscled arm—
His instincts had honed in on the alpha in an unfortunate ‘Every Breath You Take, Every Move You Make’ kind of fixation. The teenager always had such a strong, magnetic presence about him, no matter what he was doing. Tony had never gotten a handle on tuning it out. Shivery goosebumps prickled his skin when Steve came up behind him to place the pizza box on the table.
Tony forced himself to ignore the messages, but he couldn’t help but feel oddly affected by them. They niggled at something in his chest, filling him with longing. It was both nice and unusual for someone to take such an interest in him. To wish him good morning and goodnight, and to care about his day.
A deep rumble that sounded almost like a purr left the alpha’s chest. Steve’s eyes darkened as his nostrils flared and his pupils blew wide. The desire that took over his face was so fierce it was scary. Gone was the teen’s friendly demeanor. Standing in front of Tony now was two-hundred and twenty pounds of turned on alpha male.
Obie would’ve never attended to him like this—it was the only thought he spared the older man before putting him out of his mind.
The teen’s words had been playing over and over in Tony’s mind. He thought back to the direct, intentional way Steve had held his gaze as he’d said,
“Ah, geez, you kissed me, didn’t you?” he croaked out, batting Steve’s hand off his shoulder as he struggled to sit up. “That’s too bad. I usually like to be wined and dined before I let a guy perform a little CPR. I’m just not that kind of girl.”
“Caffeine buzz,” he lied, clenching his fist to hide the slight trembling in his hand. “I think four shots of Red Bull and expresso might be the limit even for a superior mortal like myself.” He hadn’t slept a wink the night before and was rocking some truly impressive bags under his eyes.
It was like he’d regressed to being a hormonal teenager himself. Like he was living a second puberty—the one he should’ve had to begin with. He’d had so much of his youth stolen from him. This must’ve been his body’s way of trying to make up for lost time.
Tony tried to make himself nod, tried to laugh it all off and make a joke like he normally would, but he couldn’t move. The words were stuck in his throat. And that’s when it happened. When his body betrayed him. Something sweet and unwelcome tickled his nose.
“I hate the crusts,” she affirmed, like it was a very serious matter. Her stomach seemed to growl at the mention of food. In a small voice, she entreated, “Can I have a sandwich?”
“It’s okay,” Steve reassured him. “I’m not mad we stopped. I never want you to do something you aren’t comfortable with. But you don’t need to hide all the way on the other side of the couch. It felt good having you in my arms. I’d like to keep holding you, if you’ll let me.”
Tony had never sucked face with someone so much in his life. His lips were in danger of getting chafed and falling off. And still, he wanted more.
“Really, Darce?” Tony found himself saying for what must’ve been the millionth time since they’d become friends. “That’s your takeaway from this—that it’s ‘hot’?”
Tony shared a look with Darcy. “Just go with it,” he instructed. “Do I regret letting her watch The Little Mermaid and Spy Kids five times in the same week? Possibly. But it’s too late to turn back now. At least she’s stopped trying to keep poisonous spiders as pets. I’ll take that as score one for the nanny.”
A muscle ticced in Steve’s jaw, eyes darkening further. His alpha instincts wouldn’t have liked Tony’s dismissal. Not at all. “You kissed me back. I know you did. But I fucked it up somehow. Tell me what happened.”
Tony had never been especially punctual when it came to remembering birthdays. It didn’t help that when he and Steve were together, he was too busy drowning in a fog of his own pheromones to even remember what day of the week it was. Or that when he’d first learned of Steve’s birthday, he’d been so freaked out over the sudden re-emergence of his pheromones that the information had gone in one ear and out the other, lost in the frenetic pacing of his mind.
He knows Tony is there; both Jarvis and the Tower AI have told him so. But that's all he knows. Tony could be genuinely hard at work on any of his numerous projects. Or he could be hiding down here, postponing the talk he must know is inevitable.
It's one of the rules he's lived his life by, even though it's gotten him into trouble enough times. And the worst of that trouble has often been with Tony himself, if he's frank about it.
"No" Tony says without missing a beat. "I'm giving it an AI. I think all coffeemakers should come equipped with a snooty voice asking if you really need that third cup."
Steve blinks. The question itself, plus the use of his superhero name, puts a sudden gulf between them. It widens still further when Tony half-turns to glance at the progress of the printer. It's just a quick look, but it's enough to break their eye contact and make Steve suddenly conscious of why he came down here.
For a moment genuine pain shows on Tony's face as the mask cracks. Always a mask with Tony, and not always of crimson armor either. "That'll never happen again," he vows. He walks over to another table opposite his desk. "I've made sure of it."
“You will never thwart my plans, agent!” Bruce vowed back, doing his best impression of a villainous laugh. “I am no mere criminal. I am the world's greatest mastermind!”
Tony had known that being perceived as Steve’s omega would affect how the hospital staff dealt with him, but he was embittered by just how much. For once in what felt like forever, he hadn’t been treated like he was invisible or like he was a piece of human garbage. They hadn’t even mentioned the fact that he was disgraced. And when it’d come time to pay the bill, he’d been informed that his alpha had already taken care of it.
Tony bolted down the hallway, barely paying attention to where he was going. He just knew that he had to get away. To flee.
“She tried to go in the water after you,” Steve continued solemnly. “That older kid, Bruce, stopped her. He was yelling for help.”
“Great. Buck’s going to love it.” Steve accepted the knapsack and placed it down onto the park bench so that he could grab his wallet out of his back pocket.
The extent of his vocabulary impressed even Tony. Steve could've gone head-to-head with the most experienced drill sergeant.
. It was weird. He’d basically received more positive reinforcement from Steve in one day than he had in his entire life, and he honestly didn’t know what to make of it. Ducking his head, “How, uh…how did you know it was a panic attack?”
The teen wasn’t holding back or taking his sweet time anymore. He was eating him out like he wanted to devour him whole. To consume him. Claim him. Claim everything he was.
“I know,” the alpha finally said, voice cold and devoid of emotion. “You think I could forget that, Tony?”
“You haven’t seen anything yet,” Tony said, confidence growing. “There’s more. He doesn’t just talk. He punts and snaps the football and he’ll also play catch. Okay, yeah, he fumbles the ball sometimes, and his balance is a little wobbly, but he mostly gets it. He’ll tackle a punching bag if you tell him it’s a wide receiver. He knows every football stat under the sun. Oh, and he dances, too.”
There was no more planning, no more battles. No more last-ditch attempts or brilliant strokes of inspiration. There was just this piece of space junk, and his face pressed against the glass. The slow-moving galaxy that surrounded him, a myriad of white and black, intermingled with distant purples and blues and greens.
Rocket and Quill, who had both probably lived in space most of their lives, moved about the cabin easily, but Nat and Clint were a little green. So far, Nat’s consummate standoffishness seemed to keep even nausea at bay; but Clint, the unenhanced human of the group, had already raced off to the head to vomit. That was somewhat comforting—Steve was glad that the other humans, the ones who had grown up in worlds only a few decades removed from his, were also having a hard time wrapping their minds and bodies around infinite space travel.
“You’re awake?” Pepper’s voice broke through Steve’s, and Steve leaned back, his ahnd slipping easily out of Tony’s. Pepper swooped down to kiss his cheek, and Tony felt that same twinge of embarrassment that he felt whenever Pepper was around. The divorce had been finalized for a few months, and Pepper had never begrudged him it, but he knew she wanted a good reason. And
“If it matters? Of course it matters!” The last word came out a little loud, and Omar looked around in alarm.
There was only the vast, cold expanse of space. Beckoning him to look, look, while he still had a chance. Take in the blanket of stars and the occasional shooting spark of light, the drifting space junk from various missions.
“You know how it is, world’s gotta be saved, the purveyor of all that’s right and true hurls himself into the Hudson for no apparent reason…”
“First one I made. With the help of a guy named Yansen in Afghanistan.” Tony said. “I wasn’t thinking it would become something like this,” he gestured to the compound. “I just wanted to go home. I wanted to get out alive. I could have just made their missile, like they asked, but they were going to kill me anyway.”
Then again, maybe Steve had realized he’d been fooled, during that fight in Russia. Maybe he’d realized that for Tony, there was no such thing as a negative endgame. No such thing as an impossible choice, where your death outweighed the needs of thousands.
his stomach leaping into his throat, or the feeling of panic racing through his veins, or the awareness that they were moving
The roar of the motorcycle faded away, but Tony still stood alone in that garage, running his fingers across the place where Steve’s hands had touched him, thinking about the Comet that was racing toward them.
As usual Tony simply steamrolled on. “Destiny. The cosmic order of the universe. Soulmates. That kind of thing.”
“But I’m fascinated, Rogers! This is so unlike you. Are you an adrenaline junkie? You gonna start jumping out of planes without a parachute? Wait—”
When Steve arrived at Avengers Compound, Nat, Quill, Rocket, and Rhodes were already there, poring over a hologram of some obscure area of space.
“We just reversed an extinction-level event.” Steve strode to the other side of the bridge and looked out over the city. “Thanos destroyed trillions. And I thought you’d learned something, something about poking into things that only boil over and—.”
Steve took Tony’s hand, and Tony didn’t feel awake enough yet to comprehend how good it felt to feel Steve’s enormous hand encompassing his own, or to make some sarcastic comment about needing to be bought dinner first.
“I—” Steve ran a hand through his hair, which was still wet. He wished Tony wouldn’t press him like this. There was something Tony did with his eyes, whenever he was earnest about something. Something that made Steve want to tell every story he remembered, to tell Tony secrets he didn’t even have yet. “It’s hard to explain if you weren’t there. But there was all this death, and all this
Steve shifted his weight on his motorcycle and sent it into a curving right turn. The compound’s lights were all dark, apart from one single solitary window towards the ground floor. Tony’s workshop.
He’d thrown Steve’s love for him back in his face, bitterness and blood lacing his tongue. And how had Steve responded?
“It is not a threat to the Avengers.” Tony held up his hands defensively, wincing at the soreness in his shoulders. “Scout’s honor.”
His suit was out of battery. There was no food, no water, and the oxygen wouldn’t last til morning. He’d sent a last message out to Pepper, knowing that she might be dead like half the world, knowing that it might be going to an empty planet devoid of life entirely—who knew if Thanos had miscalculated?
The Avengers were assembled in the conference room at the compound. Steve had barely looked at Tony since Natasha had given them the news, and Tony was still trying to keep everything in. He’d been so close to saying it to Steve, what he meant, the reason he had tried to redirect an elemental force of destruction.
“You’re not the leader of the Avengers anymore.” Nat said. “I am. And I say it’s Banner and Wanda behind Danvers. Thor and Starlord can be backup.”
Steve shook himself and got to his feet, willing away the sense that the walls were spinning. Nat was leaning against one of the enormous windows, watching the blur of stars as they went by. She looked the way she usually did: calm, unruffled. The eye in the middle of a storm. The Black Widow could handle anything.
Officially, Sam was the new Captain America, and Steve was retired, which meant that he had the intervening years stretching out in front of him like an endless, blank road.
But I wasn’t there for you, Tony thought, wishing there was someone around to transmit these last thoughts, this last apology, to Earth. I should have been there. Should have listened. Should have understood.
Tony shrugged. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. can get them a ride. I offered to make the whole thing automated and just pay him for keeping it stocked, but he refused. Said it would be insulting to the craft of burrito-making.”
And then it was Tony and Steve, alone, like it should have been. Maybe if he’d been able to talk to him alone from the beginning, make him see, make him
Steve took a bite out of his burrito and then placed it back on his plate. The food truck was so close to the compound, it had long since adapted to the superheroes’ unpredictable hours. The owner, Omar, was leaning on one hand, his eyes half-open. Steve waved at him in thanks, and Omar nodded and slid the window closed.
“But why? Why does that matter to you? Why did you need to know if you could cause an extinction-level event?”
He wrenched his hand out of Tony’s and turned to walk further down the corridor. There was an elevator door, but Steve ignored it and kicked open the entrance to the stairs.
Tony and Steve leapt to their feet. Nat was striding toward them, the door to her sleek black car open, the engine still running. “We have a problem. Meeting in 10.”
“Okay.” Tony was already activating his nanotech, letting his suit crawl into place on his body. “Before you do—”
In the last few years especially, Tony played fast and loose with his mortality. It was like he walked into every fight expecting it to be his last, like he
