John typed in the message knowing that when he got back to Mycroft there would be no going back.  He decided to go to the day before.  He had one message for John. Just one.
“No John, you can, you can go back. We can do that now” Mycroft sat so still, pensive,  waiting for a response. Silently imploring for John to except this challenge, a challenge he had still yet to learn of.
“Ok, John you need to get home, Of course you will be debriefed fully in the next few days. But you are obviously exhausted.  Oh by the way You sister Harriet called, I hope you didn’t mind me taking the call.  She said that she will be finished in Milan Friday, will she be able to pop over to see you if that’s would be Ok? “
Sherlock couldn’t speak, didn’t have the words for fear of spoiling the moment further with his crass sense of communication. He just nodded softly, turned away and reached for his violin.
He jumped when part of the wall seamlessly slid away to reveal the form of the man who had once again summoned him.
The incredulous look on Johns face would have made most laugh, “You are serious? You are fucking serious? You have created some sort of time machine?” John didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
“John, first things first, this has been tested before. Not the ability to change time, that’s where this test comes in to play, but the movement through time. You are quite safe. You will in physicality, remain in this room. Your thoughts and brain function however will be divided between here and, well, wherever you go. You will not be interacting with anyone in the past. You will not be able to interact with those you have loved and lost. You will feel very real. Very solid. But it will be as though you are a ghost. You will feel, different. Those you ‘visit’ will have no perception of you at all."
When he opened his eyes, he saw Harry dashing along to the bathroom.  Saw the child john Just beaten to the door. “Sorry John postman will be here soon, I want to wait for him”. Harry had called as she snuck into the bathroom.
“John, he had it coming. He has been cheating on his wife with at least four different partners, if he was going to commit fraud, he should have done it at a place where he hadn’t been so indiscreet. It wasn’t our fault that the CCTV showed such incriminating evidence, secondary to the crime.”
Sherlock was still fast asleep when John awoke. Not unusual he mused, Sherlock often slept for a day on the back of cases, where he had denied himself food and sleep.  He wouldn’t disturb him. Instead he showered, dressed and decided to stop off at Speedy’s for a bacon sandwich before going for a walk.  The summer months had been kind this year, this day looked like it would be kind too. 10am but the sun was already high and hot, traces of puffy white clouds scattered the otherwise blue expanse of sky.  A long gentle walk would certainly be a better start to his day than the dozen sore throats he would have seen in clinic had he been working that day.
John happened on some labs. Went in looked around, no Sherlock. Some contained irate students obviously dealing with difficult chemical combinations, others filled with laughter as smaller groups laughed at the possibilities of the weird and wonderful concoctions they had tried to muster. But no Sherlock.  John must have tried 10, 15 even 20 rooms.  Then he stopped outside a room marked simply. Lab 180.  He looked through the glass and it appeared empty, but as he had with the others, he went in and looked around.  He saw some equipment that he was used to seeing since his days in Baker street, but this place? My goodness it was also high tech. He heard a growl, a noise of contempt. And he knew he had found his quarry. There standing by a fume cupboard stood Sherlock, a most definitely younger Sherlock, lean but not skinny, and, well sort of  unworn.  He took John’s breath away.  He was holding a tumbler filled with a viscous looking liquid inside the fume cupboard muttering loudly about incompetent lecturers, inferior chemicals and below par equipment. Ahh yes, that was his Sherlock. John chuckled. He stood mesmerized by the younger man in front of him.  Had he started using drugs yet? His face certainly didn’t show the ravages of a drug user.  He was thin. But then he always seemed to have been.
She squeezes his hand. "I had to.. George would have been paralyzed if I didn't.." She bites her lip.
“I can see that.” Maggie smirks, watching the slick run down Crystal’s legs as she pulls out the long dildo.
John grins and draws one of Sherlock's legs up to his shoulder, changing the angle, slamming his hips into the taller man's.
"God, I want to taste you." Sherlock moans, watching John stroke himself on screen. "I swallow you down so you could come straight down my throat."
"And.." She bites her lip. "In India I would be called a Hijra. That's pretty much the closest definition in Indian that I can think even though it doesn't really cover everything." She sighs. Zack looks at her wide eyed and blinks slowly.
“Says the person who is more interested in getting laid then making sure her son is choosing the right path, even though she lost his once.” Camille sighs.
"Bite me again," John purrs, happy to feel his mate back inside his soul, "Bite me, make love to me. Then come sit in the bath with me and feel my stomach. Our pup missed you."
Sherlock groans a bit as he stretches. Lydia comes in carrying trays of food. "Oh good everyone's up. How about breakfast?" She asks still speaking softly and quietly.
He frowns and rubs her back. "There's nothing wrong with them, love.. The people were the problem, not your breasts. They couldn't see how wonderful of a person you are.."
She moans and cups his face kissing him deeply as she grinds against him before lifting off and sinking back down again.
Greg pats his leg over his blankets. Lydia slips out of the room and into the hall where Anthea is. She smiles and goes over to the nurses station to review Sherlock's latest scan. She smiles happily and goes back into the room.
Carol comes back and scoops up Danny. "Hug your fiancé for god sakes." She smiles and takes Danny out to the dinning room patting his back to burp him.
“Go to Romania. I know where she was help prisoner and died.” Sherlock hums. “But what about Maggie?” He asks, concerned for her.
“Ask him if he knows of anyone who would have put his name on the order. A lover, an ex, a stalker.” Sherlock frowns.
He pinches his nipple and bites at his neck. "Mine." He growled, loud enough for Sherlock to hear him.
"Have a nice day." The man smiles and hands over the flowers, taking the clip board and leaves. The card on the flowers says 'Sherlock, I know I said I'd call and I will just thought you'd like something pretty to look at even though all the flowers in the world don't come close to your beauty. Talk to you soon. -Jason.'
John merely nodded. "It was known to be a good stimulant back in the days before we knew what was good for us." He gave a small smile. "Why are you *really* here, Sherlock? I don't think it's for self discovery. After reading your blog, I think it has much to do with some case or another you're currently stimulating yourself with, hmm?"
“Mm I know.” Eli angles his thrusts to rub Sherlock’s g spot as he strokes him. “I want to feel your ousts come around be and then I’ll fuck your arse.”
She sucks on his tongue and bites his bottom lip before pulling back. "Now the real question is do you want to fuck me or should I fuck you?"
"Jeeeesus..." John pants, loosening his hands from Sherlock's hair. "God, you're fucking gorgeous..." He laughed breathlessly.
“Do you know what happened to the guy? Where he is now?” Greg asks, pushing the sword slightly just to nick her and make Gisselle bleed.
'I.. I'm still working on it as well.. I.. I haven't let anyone touch me in years. They think they're touching me and kissing me and fucking me but they only see it because that's what I make them see. I just stand back and watch. Play their fantasies in their heads. I can't stand being actually touched. Because every time someone touches me there is only one person hands I feel on me no matter who touches me. I don't have the guts to tell them that being touched scares me to death because I'm so scared of being hurt again even though I know that would never hurt me..' She whispers, hiding her face in his chest.
“Ah..” Sherlock nods. “I don’t see why sex would be off the table but our own children. That’s not possible. They all have to go to the village..”
Leona is still asleep, so Dominic gently gets up and quietly opens the door. “Margaret, Leona’s still asleep. Would it be okay if we eat up here?” He asks softly.
Crystal laughs and pulls Greg in for a kiss. “Well I’ll be fucking her as well so I think were even.”
"So full.. So perfectly full.." She rocks the little bit she can and tired to fuck herself on their cocks.
John follows Sherlock back to the car and they go to his little place. It’s tiny and cramped and freezing. A hovel really. John has very few things.
"I know. We'll see them soon. If it gets to much they're just a car ride away. Okay?" He smiles softly and rubs his back.
He leads Sherlock to the bathroom. “You put the spout on one side and tip it. Once you’ve used about half take it out and pour in the other side. The most important thing to remember is to breathe through your mouth. Not your nose. Or else you’ll drown yourself.”
"No.. F-Ford.. Take me instead. Give him back.. Gr-Greg!!" He cries out as he wakes, looking around frantically, trying to remember where he was and what was happening.
“I love it. I need it. Giving birth just to have you fuck another back inside me is what I live for. If I could just labor all day just to have small breaks to be fucked in between that’s wha I’d do. All day. Every day.”
"He does. I think it would be terribly rude to keep him waiting. He may just start on his own." Greg smirks back.
"I've got you now. I won't let you go ever again. I promise." George says quietly to Greg and holds him.
Marianne laughs. "Really, Watson... I'm built like a brick shit house, I swear filth that makes oil riggers blush, and can pound away a bottle of whisky and still walk a straight line. I doubt there's a bloke or a chick with a decent sized strap on that'd want to even try." She wasn't shy about her preferred proclivities, which was probably another reason others shied away from her.
"I saw the video of you wanking using my tie to gag yourself. You were so desperate to get off.. To come.. I was stroking myself before the video was half way done and I didn't even realize it.. I'm going to make you so desperate that every time I touch you while you're blind folded you'll scream out.. You'll never know where I'll touch you next.. That brilliant mind won't be able to predict my next move.." He purrs and blindfolds him.
Michael mimics Sky's actions, kissing up Zack's neck. "Mm.. I want to watch you fuck Chloe.." He mumbles against his neck.
"My team could have arranged." Mycroft smiled. "But thank you. My brother wasn't any hassle, I hope??"
"It was great. They've been looking for a trauma specialist since the one they had decided to move to America. Told me it was only temporary but if I work out they'll hire me permanently." All the worry that was on his face the last time they talked is gone. He almost looks like a new man as he falls in step next to Sherlock. "How was your first week teaching group idiots?"
“Mm don’t be sorry.” Crystal kisses him deeply. “I’m not going to break, Greg. Not anymore. I want to feel it. All of it. Everything.” She nips at his lips.
“Has anyone taken your cunt yet, baby boy?” He holds him close, letting his hand slip between his legs to his slit.
“We’ll need to buy diapers. He’s being potty trained still. We need a sippy cup, possibly a few and some toys for him. More clothes, obviously. Mycroft will pay for everything.”
"All yours Daddy. Just for you. Whenever you want. However you want." She moans loudly as she's marked. "So close. So so close." She whines as he pounds into her, needing his permission to let go and come.
He kisses her neck softly, rubbing her belly very slow and specifically. He wonders if she’ll figure out what he’s doing.
She pulls a knife and throws it. A man's cry is heard from behind the tree. Sky casually walks over to the man who's hand is stuck to the tree by the knife through it.
Mycroft turns to bury his face in Greg's chest, clutching his shirt tightly. "I'm sorry. Christ, I'm so sorry.."
"So, we control the narrative. We announce my pregnancy, maybe my mother and I move up North, Mycroft pretending to be both our Alphas. Which would give him a reason to visit without seeming suspicious. Also, Harry is our blood, so her visit won't raise an eye either."
Sherlock’s body lurches forward, horrified he immediately takes a step back against John. “P-please.”
"Mm you don't have to share. We all belong to each other. Fucking each other. Loving each other. Knocking each other up." Sky purrs as she kisses Sherlock's back and Lydia bobs her head.
“Yes. Oh god yes.” Sky moans as Dark pushes deeper inside her. “Good boy. You’re doing brilliant.” Darius smiles and runs his finger through Dark’s hair as he watches him suckle from sky.
He sucks in a breath and lets out a few whimpers. He blushes brightly, opening his mouth to tell her what he needs but quickly closing it, looking embarrassed.
Instead, he grits his teeth and puts the kettle on. He purposely only fills it with enough water for two. He knows why Mycroft is here, and it isn't for a social call, or to wish the bonded couple well.
"Yeah. Especially since Turk is her partner out on missions. I think it's better that they at least get along. Plus that'll make Michael feel better about her being out there.." He hums and grabs the soap, washing Jean.
Short chapter is short. It was just a good place to break up the big block of text we have. Sometimes they pan out to be longer chapters, others end up short like this guy.
Duke opens the car door for them. Anthea gets it and Duke gets in after Mycroft letting Mycroft be between him and Anthea.
Sherlock nods. “I don’t want to deal with them here like that. Not with Tara who’s gonna need as much peace as she can get.”
John lets out a huff of laughter, "Waiting for me were you?" He chuckles, moving in to press kisses along Sherlocks jawline.
Mycroft bites his lip, trying to keep in his excitement. He knows they'll be pissed at first, thinking John's hurt. But once they find out, they'll be okay.
He runs into Mrs. Hudson, who's just on her way out. She frowns at Harry, as she stomps up behind John.
John grins. "I don't think I'll ever tire of hearing that or saying I love you, too." John kisses the top of his head.
"I love you, too. I love you. So much." She nuzzles him. "It's been years. So so long. Wasted so much time. I'm in control. I do what I want now. I need you. I've always needed you. Because I know. I know you'd never hurt me. I know you love me. I know." She kisses him softly. "Make love to me.. Please.." She whispers against his lips.
“Oh god. Please George. Please! I need it. Need your babies. You love it when I carry your babies, don’t you? You love when I waddle around so full for you. I’m not even going to be able to walk. I’m just going to lay there getting bigger and bigger. The only thing I’ll be able to do is get knocked up again and again and push babies out.” She moans loudly as she feels him hit her cervix over and over.
Sherlock smiles as he lets his hands explore his new large form. “They’ve been so restless. Especially whilst you were fucking me.”
“John, you’re going to fuck me, you’re going to see me naked.” Sherlock smiles a bit and unbuttons his cuffs.
“John’s got a ring. He’s protected by it. It’s an extension of me. I anything happens to him they’ll have to deal with me.” Sherlock nods.
Collin kisses him hard and takes him up to a locked bedroom. He unlocks the room and leads Sherlock inside, locking the door behind them. He chuckles at Sherlock's reaction to the room. "It's easier to keep all the play things in one room under lock and key. You have no idea how nosy Danny can be." He hums and walks over to the large wardrobe, opening the doors reviling all manners of costumes and sexy things.
"Moriarty. That word, or name, keeps popping up. It's safe to assume it's a name, as there's always the initial J before it, like Jacobs Moriarty."
"Perfectly normal." John smiles. "Having no sexual feeling, or even romantic feelings for another doesn't mean you're broken, Sherlock." He cocks his head to the side. "There are those who identify as Aromantic/Asexual, or Aro/Ace. If that's how you feel, then you can label yourself as you like. But if you'd like more time to think about it, decipher things, I do have a few books and pamphlets here for your perusal?"
She hugs him tight and kisses his head lots. "How about you take Sophia down to the kitchen and I'll be down in a few minutes to make your breakfast. Whatever you want." She smiles.
Sky moans loudly as his cock stretches her more and more. She knows he’s barely insider her but he’s already to her womb, her cervix stretched around his cock.
She takes him all the way in and swallows around him before pulling off. She crawls into his lap and rubs her dripping wet pussy against his hard cock teasingly.
"Do that...spend time with him until the end." Sherlock replied softly. "After...give what you don't need, away."
"I would have at least forwarded her call to a colleague. But she called your phone, so I was called out." His voice is semi teasing.
Mycroft smiles. "I am well versed in about fifteen languages." He says. "But unfortunately, I am only adequate in BSL, for the club, and that's mostly just how to say hello, and to ask for things." He cringed. "I should learn more..."
Sally moans and rocks back against him, keeping him deep in her womb. “Greg.” She whimpers. “He won’t pull out till he knocks me up.” She moans.
John runs his fingers gently through Sherlock's hair. "Is this all right?" He asks, wanting to calm him down.
Sherlock nods and gets into the bath. He gets comfortable and takes the things from John before helping him settle in the bath as well.
He relaxes and moans as Dorian fills his mouth again, his cunt achingly empty. He moans loudly around him as he comes hard, spurting from his cock and his cunt.
John smirks and stands, getting behind Sherlock and bending him over in front of Mycroft cock. Mycroft smirks and strokes himself in front of Sherlock’s face.
Still thrusting into her as hard as he could, Myropis leans over Morna and squeezes her breasts, making milk run out of them.
Greg takes another step back, fearful of how calm she talks about murder. “You’re just a psychopath like the rest of them.” He hisses.
Greg sits on the couch and hears the shower running. John is taking a shower. Greg tips his head back against the couch and he closes his eyes. He thinks about what he's going to say when he calls his mother later.
John slowly gets up and stands over Sherlock, guiding his cock into Sherlock's waiting mouth. Holding onto the headboard with both hands, he slowly begins to pump his hips.
"Thank you." John reads the report. "His sodium levels have been nice and stable. Everything is looking good." John smiles and gives her back the report. He goes back to Sherlock. "Good news. If everything stay good and stable through the night you'll be released tomorrow morning."
He whines softly and kisses his cock and balls before sitting up, licking the leaking off his face where he can reach.
"Bout the same as yesterday..." John shrugs then lies just a little, "Don't think I'm any worse. You look like you've gotten into a fight or something. Caffeine, paracetamol, then lots of water today. Over exerting yourself in the fight means that today your muscles are breaking down toxins.”
"All of this talk, all this rage, it's gotta be a bit of compensation, right?" John snarls a bit, swirling his drink.
“Jonathon.” Magdala says softly. “Look at you, so handsome and grown up.” He hands him one of the teas and pats his cheek. “I can see why Sherlock takes a fancy to you.”
John clenched his jaw. "He didn't tell me that, no." He murmurs softly. He shakes his head. "What're you going to do about her, now her co-conspirator is dead?"
“We can sense things. We’re seers. Even though we don’t see with our eyes we still have visions.” Diōnē hums.
“I love you.” Sky whispers to Violet, eyes half closed as she looks at her. “I love you, too.” Violet whispers, rubbing her fingers through Sky’s hair. Sky leans back in and kisses Violet again, keeping it soft and deep. Violet whimpers softly at the gentle treatment, holding Sky close as they kiss.
“Final question, if a human finds out about us, and murders one of us in cold blood. May we get retribution and do the same to them? For if the roles are reverse we will be threatened by an extinction level event.” Camille frowns.
Sherlock's gaze is like an itch between John's shoulders. After he straightens his black tie he catches Sherlock's gaze in the mirror.
Sherlock bites his lip and hesitates. He looks back to John, knowing that John wanted to be the first one to come into him. He looks back to Greg. "C-Condom.."
Someone knocks on the door. "Is everyone decent?" Lydia giggles. "You might want to put on some trousers." John smirks at Mycroft.
She’s silent for a bit. “If they did I don’t think I’d be able to communicate with you now. My energy would have been wiped from the earth. This mission of yours, if successful, will be rewarded heavily.”
They go up to the room, Mycroft gotten the key from Sky earlier when she bought the room for them. He lets them into the large room with a huge bed.
Sherlock laughed. "Yes, Captain." He purrs, beginning to undo his shirt buttons, but leaving the shirt on, knowing John liked the purple one. He unbuttoned his flies and lifted his hips to shimmy out of his tailored trousers.
"You should stay here tonight. All of us under one roof. Please? There's plenty of room for everyone to stay."
“Her gasps are adorable as I bite her neck. She moans each time I thrust into her, getting louder and louder. She cries out for more and I comply, I don’t think normal humans would be able to stand it but Crystal is loving it, eyes closed, moaning loudly. And god she feels so tight. So tight around my cock, and so wet. She leaking come everywhere even more she’s reached her climax, only making it easier for me to fuck her.”
“Gregory, you are my friend. You will always be my friend. You know better now. That’s all I need to know.” Sherlock smiles softly.
Crystal relaxes against him. “If you gave me permission I could talk in your head. We could communicate without opening out mouths.” She hums. “That goes for you as well, Myc..”
"You call him dad... yet, you've called me mummy. What do you want for parental names? Dad, daddy, pop, Da?"
"Okay." She says out loud as she takes her hand away from his cheek but her other hand is still on his chest under his in the real world.
John smiles and leads Pythia into the dining room and sits her down. He sits down beside Sherlock and kisses his cheek.
“What? Oh no. I can see why it would be poisonous. But it’s not strong enough to have a real effect on me.” Camille waves her hand. “Tell me about your patronage? Your parents. Grandparents. Great grandparents. As far back as you can remember.”
“Mm not tough but definitely hard. I like to work for it. Makes the finish all the better.” Mycroft hums.
“Mm welcome home.” Sherlock hums from the kitchen, hunched over his microscope. Usually he wouldn’t even acknowledge John but he was making an effort so John felt seen.
"Maybe someday." He agrees, amazed at how easy it had been to reach an agreement on a topic that caused so many fights. "I'll make sure to get a contraceptive today and start taking it right away. That way there are no accidents with my next heat."
By chance or cosmic design, he flags down London's only Beta cab driver and makes it hope without any more spikes.
“There you go, she can have visiting rights and be our babysitter. If she doesn’t evict us for having a dog in the first place!” John can’t imagine how heartbroken Sherlock will be if he has to get rid of Neriine now. But he knew how adept Sherlock was at persuading Mrs Hudson on all sorts of things. The more he got to know Sherlock, the more he saw what a big heart he had hidden under that imposing coat of his.
He starts to unpack when something occurs to him. “The erectile dysfunction. I could see the signs like normal but I could.. smell it?” He looks at John confused. “Omega’s can smell that?”
"Yes of course. Up stairs third door on the right. The girls should be ready so they'll let you in to get dressed. If you'll excuse me there are somethings I need to attend to first. I shall join you all upstairs shortly." George smiles.
“We’ll fix that tonight. You’re on in 2 hours. Until then you’re free to fuck whoever you want, women included of course.”
Sky catches him and scoops him up. She holds him on her hip and takes the snake from him. "Carl you know the rules. You can't play with the snake unless your mum or dad are with you." She scolds lightly not noticing the snake dueling around her upper arm and biting her.
Greg teases his stretched slick hole with his cock. "You want to be fuck hard don't you, slut? How hard do you want it?"
“Oh Sherlock, I was holding back what I was feeling because I thought it was impossible that you would... I thought I was just being hopelessly romantic about someone who didn’t see me that way. And I felt so ridiculous, knowing I’d said all those things about you, thinking I was confessing to a dog that couldn’t understand me and all the while you knew. Which only made me feel more foolish. I was humiliated. But all the while I’ve been overwhelmed that you’re really here. It’s all I’ve ever wanted, for you to be alive and back in my life. And I’ll take that any way I can get it. But if I can choose, I want to love you properly, starting now. And I’m not letting you go. Not ever,” John said fiercely, rubbing Sherlock’s back as he sobs.
Sherlock screams and his body tenses, the kids in his stomach wriggling. As soon as John hits his prostate, Sherlock comes without warning, covering his underbelly and John in his slick.
"Hell yeah. We shocked him three times on the way here between CPR and couldn't get him back. She did it in one hit." He nods. "That's some brilliant stuff right there." The other paramedic says, awed.
“Then we will find a way to bring Lucifer to you.” Mycroft says softly. “Everyone needs someone to love. You included, Sire.”
John nods. “But you would numb me?” He asks softly. “Please, if it feels like being shot, I don’t want to feel the pain anymore that possible.” He says quietly.
Sky nuzzles Michael. "Besides if I get high it'll show up on the blood test for the fight and then I won't be allowed in."
Greg makes sure Mycroft is open enough so he won't get hurt. He pushes down his trousers to his knees. He kisses Mycroft while he lines himself up and then Greg sinks into him in on slow move.
Greg groans, rocking his hips a bit. “Mm, I should see what’s taking them so long. They’re probably fucking in the dressing room.” He chuckles.
John found he couldn't concentrate on his puzzle. Getting up he wandered the house until he found his parents. They were in the middle of a discussion, and his mum had tears in her eyes, but neither of them seemed upset to be disturbed.
Camille sighs and shakes her head as she thinks. “I don’t know what to do with him. Hopefully Crystal will have some ideas.”
John can hear his parents excitedly chatting with Harriet and the others as they pick their way up the steps. Sherlock stays close, making sure no one falls but he lets them go up the stairs on their own. Up in the pup's bedroom, John puts Timothy in his bed then pulls out their favourite book. Teddy climbs into her bed without prompting but Sherlock has to nudge Thomas along. They make it halfway through the book before soft snoring fills the room. John closes it gently and places it on the shelf. He looks over at Sherlock and grins.
“Slow slow.” John holds Sherlock’s hips, helping him to slowly lower. “I’ve got you. I’m here.” He says softly, kissing Sherlock’s neck.
"Have your tits gotten bigger? I'm so freakin jealous." Veronica asks and squeezes Sky's boobs. "You're ridiculous." Sky laughs.
Sky smiles softly. "Can I get something to eat?" She asks, not sure if they're letting her eat foods yet.
“That’s okay.” John smiles softly. “Hey Kia, what’s wrong? You bite your lip when your not happy.” He says softly.
"You're so fit." Collin praises and bites at Greg's throat. "Absolutely dripping in sex." John grinds against Greg's back.
Greg blushes brightly and whimpers needy. "Of course." John smirks and gets behind Greg. He pushes into Greg and moans loudly. John fucks Greg hard which makes Greg fuck Mycroft even harder.
Mycroft moans loudly around him and bobs his head. He brings a hand up to massage his balls and tease at his hole.
Sighing contently John smooths a lock of hair from Sherlock’s face. “Budge up, love. Let me crawl in.”
“That’s another things..” John frowns. “She can’t kill you. And neither can I. The blood curse works both ways. Mycroft and those he turns can’t kill a Watson and a Watson can’t kill Mycroft or anyone he turns. The poison that was in the broach was my great great- god you get the point I’m just going to call grandmother from now on. She used her blood and when she stab Mycroft his blood was mixed with hers and sealed the curse. Harry could stake you right now and it wouldn’t go through your chest. Wouldn’t even give you a splinter. My grandmother.. She loved Mycroft too but she wanted a family. Children. He couldn’t give that to he because he’s dead. So she got married and you know the rest. On the last page in the diary is written by her meant for Mycroft. The curse was meant to protect her descendants but also make sure Mycroft had to watch her family life for the rest of his miserable afterlife.”
'We're you surprised that that Michael showed up at your restaurant with two other guys?' She giggles.
“It’s no one’s fault, Sky. It seems to me like you’ve all gotten pretty domesticated with each other.”
Greg gets up slowly and carefully so he doesn't wake Mycroft. He kisses his forehead and smiles at him. He uses the loo and goes down stairs to make some coffee.
For the entire day, the god come in her. Time and time again they fill her up, giving her more babies to carry. For the entire day, Morna is used like a sex doll. At dinner time, they stop. “Time for your banquet.” Mycroft smiles as he and Sherlock help her to sit up.
Sherlock looks at him with lust filled eyes, his hair is sticking up from where John's hands had been and his lips are bright red. "J-John.."
“But you’re already so full in there, I bet you’re full of water, I bet I can’t fit.” John smirks, letting the wax drip onto Sherlock’s sensitive breasts.
“That.. That sounds amazing.” She sounds awed, getting wet at the thought of being bred. “The men.. They just fuck the girls all day until they breed them?” She blushes brightly and bites her lip.
“Good. Vendors are arriving and eveything is pretty much ready. How would you feel about fucking Maggie?” Crystal smiles.
John clenches his hands to his eyes, taking deep breaths and humming as he exhales, agitated that he'd had such a massive attack while sleeping on a couch.
"Let's do something. A movie or bake or something. It's feels small down here." She sighs and looks around the huge basement.
“I’m okay.. Just a little.. shaken.” Sherlock nods and cuddles into John. “I looked at the throne and wind rushed by.”
John cocks an eyebrow. "We'll need to get dressed." He mused. "It's frowned upon to go in public in pajamas."
“Well excuse me for not having experience with having a husband.” He rolls his eyes. “You should apologize. You need to. How much you want to tell him that’s up to you. I’m sure he’s feeling rejected so he’s not going to let on. He’s a military man. He’ll lick his wounds and get on with the mission.”
Sky waits for Michael as John cleans the wound so he can stitch it. "Told you it wasn't so bad." She bites her lip in pain.
Sherlock moan around his cock and bobs his head. He loves having his hair pulled because his scalp is so sensitive it sends pleasure like a crack of lighting down his spine directly to his cock.
John growls when he feels Sherlock look at Greg. "Eyes forward, soldier. Don't pay attention to the pig."
Sky smiles happily and breaths in the spices. "Isn't is wonderful." She hums as she walks down tight isles.
"Well then, we should start fucking all of them like this to hurry it up." Greg smirks, ramming his cock down her throat. "Christ, I'm so fucking close to coming. Are you there? Gonna fill her up with me?"
Mycroft’s muscles relax, his head dropped forward and his body left to hang freely, as he pants heavily.
Dominic smiles. “You’re going to be treated like royalty. No one will be able to keep their hands off your stomach, or your breasts. I might just get jealous.”
"I only just found out a second ago." Greg hums. "Mm it was my idea." John smirks. Mycroft blushes and bites his lip.
Sky huffs softly and nods, licking Violet’s cunt one last time teasingly before prancing off to find the boys.
He kisses John's head and rubs his back. “It’ll happen. Stressing about it will only make things harder.”
The driver gets them to their destination in record time, clearly not wanting their combined anguish to stink up his car any longer than necessary. "My Alpha sister offered to pay," John grumped, rolling the window down and opening his door from the outside.
He smirks and takes his hand, leading him out to the others while keeping him hooked up to the clamps, vibrator, and plug.
Finishing the last dregs of his tea John stands and pats the landlady's shoulder. Going out into the other room he leans on the doorframe and watches Sherlock with a small smirk.
Greg swallows dryly. "Then I'll do whatever it takes. I want us to live happily together more than everything he's ever wanted."
Lydia looks back as she walks away and winks at Anthea. She giggles and blushes as she gets into the lift.
"I imagine we have to wait to go in?" John looks towards the doors, "I vaguely remember paying for this trip and something about a group discount."
“You’re going to end up doing nothing. Just laying there, and I’m going to fuck you until you’re round with me come.” Myropis chuckles.
Sherlock licks the scar and then John’s arm and then John’s neck, cataloging the different textures.
After a week of being held up in the flat John finally decided it’s time they got out. They needed groceries as well as to give their bodies a break. Plus there was that case they’d walked away from.
He hums and goes back to eating. "I'm sorry about your parents, dear. You are a very wonderful man.." Mrs. Holmes smiles softly. Greg smiles. "Thank you. It's alright really. They just do terrible things sometimes and I pay all their bills." He shrug. He suddenly realizes that Mycroft doesn't know that he still pays for everything for his parents.
"Bloody hell, you went all out." John chuckles. "Trying to feed me up so I have energy to fuck you again?" He teases.
"Hello, this is Mycroft Holmes. I'm calling on behalf of Gregory Lestrade. He won't be returning for a few days."
Greg grins. “I was planning something a bit classier but I suppose this will do. I love you.” Greg kisses his head.
“Crys-” Sherlock starts. He sighs as he’s hung up on. “Looks like I need to speak with Greg.” Sherlock frowns, to Pythia.
Sherlock blushes and kisses the top of Kia’s head. “I never thought anyone could be my soulmate.” He whispers.
Sherlock smiles as he plays with her stomach, patting it and squeezing it softly. “How old are the oldest ones now?”
“I have an idea but I need more data first. The Alphas had surrounded that woman because they smelled her heat. Someone took them out. The interesting part is the scent gland removal.” Sherlock hums, eyes closed.
“Of course, darling. Anything you wish to know I’ll answer the best I can.” Pythia smiles softly and nods.
Mel swirls her tongue around the tip of his cock and strokes him slowly. Chloe smirks and lets her fingers wander closer to Mel’s cunt, still not touching it yet.
He smiles and goes to sit on a clear spot on Mycroft's desk. He hums softly and watches Mycroft work.
Mycroft nods. “Speaking of Lucifer, if we find another way, would you still be happy to go through with raising him?” He asks, placing his hand on Camille’s shoulder. “Once I start drinking, I can’t stop. I would drink her dry if she let me.”
‘Love you cock. Love your knot. Wanna have your babies.’ She babbles and licks at the bulge in his trousers, not paying attention to the men and strays as they come closer.
“Just... sex. And maybe using hands if you’re both feeling lazy, like in the morning. That’s all.” Sherlock explains softly, “but that was a long time ago, I’m going to need... let’s just pretend I’m a virgin, yeah?” He asks softly. “What do you have in mind?”
“Don’t be. You followed your instincts which keep you alive.” Crystal sits with him and cuddles into his side.
John nods, face presses to Sherlock’s neck. “I’ll do anything to keep you always.” He mumbles, just wanting to go home and be with Sherlock for a while.
Greg holds onto him tightly with shaking hands. He listens to Mycroft's heartbeats. The slow steady thump of his heart starts to calm Greg down. "I love you so much." He gasps and holds him.
Mycroft blushes softly. "Liar." He admonishes. He's never liked his physical appearance. Too fat, too ginger, too pale... and it was only compounded by Reginald's disdain for him. It was a hurdle he had trouble getting over.
'You tell them exactly what you're telling me. But I can tell you that you're not broken. And they'll tell you the same thing. They'll tell you that they love you. I can tell that Michael would do absolutely anything for you.'
She moans softly as a shiver goes down her spine. "Yes please, Daddy. He's so big and he feels so good." She mewls and rocks her hips.
Mycroft puts a hand on his shoulder. "I think you need to relax, Gregory." He purrs, leaning in to kiss his neck.
John hands him the vial when they get into the car. “By the size of this vial there’s probably three or four more to go.”
John nods, but doesn’t move away from Diōnē. “Isn’t there anything I can do? That any of us can do?” He asks.
“I miss you, too, love. So much.” Mycroft holds him. He thinks about them in their room instead of some clinical cold hospital.
"I love it when you're needy like this. Drives me wild." John grinds into him harder slowly deliberately.
"Mm you should." He smiles and looks at his watch. "Shit is it that late already? Hanging out with you guys is to much fun." He chuckles.
"Then they would have seen it when he left." John snaps at her, "they should have known he was leaving on a flight and that they needed to keep watch once he'd left."
John turns off his phone, not wanting to be bothered anymore. He buys a case of beer and goes to Greg’s flat.
She moves to hover over her, leaning in so her lips are just barely touching hers. "Would you like to join us? To be bred by the men in our family? To join our family?"
"Of course." She smiles and picks out what she wants before closing and locking the trunk. "Of everyone's ready our ride is here." She hums as she arranges hidden blades around her body under her layers of clothes.
"Why not? I'll be able to help people, fix the declining state of world economics, stop the further destruction of the environment, and keep the nations is a mostly peaceful state. I'm not going to be parading around the world and taking up spots of Telly programs. I'm going to do what really needs to be done and no one will be the wiser. I'll be the puppet master of the worlds greatest show that the world will never see." She shrugs.
John reads the card and tears up a bit. He hugs Mycroft. "You are extraordinary.." He says quietly as he hugs him.
She blushes and takes a breath, pulling off her shirt. She keeps her eyes shut tight and waits for the vial comments she's heard so many times before.
John whimpers and kisses him deeply. "I feel it, too. The ache that hallows my chest. The empty feeling that's only filled when I'm with you."
Finally the cab pulled up at the restaurant. It looks very quiet, he thought, as he rushed in. “Sherlock Holmes I had plans, I can’t imagine what you need me for on your date,” he said as he walked towards Sherlock. He stopped short. Not only did Sherlock look breathtaking, he realised that the entire restaurant was empty. “Did you… did you bloody book out a whole restaurant for your date, you posh git?! That’s some serious game!” John said, impressed, not reading the room at all, covering his disappointment and jealousy with far too many words.
“Good.” John states. “But I get the first go. I love her. She’s taught me so much, and I know she can teach me so much more. You’re not going to... keep her locked up somewhere for only you and Crystal to talk to.”
“When you started using the last time. I called him up, told him I thought you were using, and he came home from a mission. He came to see me after and his heat surprised him. He stayed with me.” Greg hums. “We’d been talking beforehand.”
Greg stands behind him and wraps his arms around his stomach. He nuzzles and kisses his neck. "Thank you for baking with me, baby. You did such s good job.."
“But like I said if it wasn’t a crime against a child or violent they shouldn’t have a problem. Plus your put on probation for a few weeks in the beginning so you can be trained and what not.”
He pulls the covers up around them. "You did so wonderful.. Such a good boy. I'm so pleased with you.." He smiles softly and nuzzles him.
"We've been in a relationship for little under eight years," John explains, "and at the start of this year, I decided things weren't working. So I took our daughter and moved out. After a few months, our daughter wanted to go home and see Sherlock, so I got in contact again. Things just went from there and we realized we missed each other. So we're thinking of moving back in together but before that we thought this would be a good idea. We need someone to help us sort things out."
Sky comes in and lays in front of them, changing back to human form. She’s laying on her side with one hand under her cheek and the other draped over her belly, looking terribly seductive even with the huge pregnant belly.
Mycroft arches his back and his moans grow louder. "Greg.. Sir.. I.. I'm c-close.. Please!" His thrusts become more desperate.
John nods. "Why would a dealer... Give you a gift like this?" He wonders aloud. "Seems... Suspicious."
Sky is putting Malcome to sleep and picking up Wyatt as Matthias comes in. “Hi.” She smiles softly at him before looking down and making sure Wyatt is latched properly.
“The stress of that coup isn’t good for her. She should just step down. Abdicate.” The nurse pipes up again, passive aggressively.
"Alright alright enough of this snappy stuff. We have a case to solve!" She giggles and skips the rest of the way to the car.
He presses his face to the pillow and bites to to keep from screaming. He whimpers as he feels his cock getting hard again.
"That's why we're working on it now," John tells him, "we're working on the foundation and taking things slow so we can weather any storm in the future."
Harry's eyes widen. "He's deaf? I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!" She shouts and lunges at Sherlock. Harry knocks John off balance and Lydia and Anthea catch him before he falls.  Greg grabs her by the waist and holds her over his shoulder. He walks away as she pounds on his back.
"Mm I think we should play with Sherlock first so Johnny learns how to wait his turn like a good boy." Greg smirks a bit, looking to Mycroft.
Peter whines softly as he wakes, blushing brightly as he realizes he’s not suckling from Sky but doesn’t pull away. He presses closer and sucks more.
"We can celebrate if I get it. I still have to apply and go through the interview process." He says, knowing very well what his daughter is up to. Any excuse to have sugar. "How was school?" He asks
Carol moans and swallows around him. “Mm how does it feel knowing your babies are such sluts?” Violet smirks and looks at George, stroking his cock teasingly.
Mycroft turns away to give them both privacy as the ritual is completed. He vows silently to always be there for Anthea, to put Anthea first before Crystal and Sherlock.
John somehow gets himself off the ground, clips on the lead and his feet carry him home on autopilot, his head racing. Once he’s in the door, he just lets go of the lead and walks in a daze straight to Sherlock’s room, staring at the bed for the longest time. He looks down at his hand and the letter is so firmly scrunched in his hand that his knuckles are white and his arm is shaking. He drops it on the ground, finally releasing it and lies down on the bed, curling himself into a tight foetal position and crying hard. It almost hurts more to know he’s alive, than the pain of his death, if that’s even possible.
Mycroft swallows reflexively. "I'm... flattered." He says, after a moment of contemplation. "I just.... I never thought anyone would... be attracted to me." He clears his throat and looks away, embarrassed. "I admit that I find you quite... dashing. That beard you're sporting makes you look very... handsome."
Sherlock moaned. Actually, being tied down and letting John have him was definitely a thought. But right now they had a job to do...
“Yes.” Sherlock nods and licks his lips, sitting back against the headboard. “Come here and fuck my face.”
He sucks at his neck and grinds against him. "Mm I want to tie Daddy down and use him to make me feel good. You want to make me feel good don't you Daddy?"
Turk scoops Sky up. "You're warm." He hums and kisses her head. Sky hums softly and cuddles into him.
“I don’t care what people say about me. I know who I am and no half wit’s moronic comments are going to change that.” John rolls his eyes. “It only bothers me because they’re usually irritating things about you and because it’s not your area. You said it yourself at Angelo’s.”
“I’ll make sure she’s stretched nice and wide. If you see anyone else send them this way and we’ll fill her some more. You know how cranky she gets when she doesn’t have enough cum. God only knows how many loads she has in her right now.” He chuckles.
"You are mine. All mine." She nips at his neck. "I don't care if we have to fuck in public for everyone to see just so they know that you're all fucking mine."
"This was my spot," he said, staring out over the lapping water. "I'd come here when I just needed to escape. Did you have a spot like that?"
"As long as we're on the same page about this whole thing being mutual." John replies with a smile of his own.
George gets up on stage and Sky stands next to him. "Welcome everyone. I want to thank you all for attending this celebration. My new wife and I welcome you to our home and to enjoy your stay here. Please eat drink and dance to you hearts content. Today has been-" George's speech gets cut off by a man in the crowd raising his gun and pointing it at George. "Your time has come, George!" The man yells and fires the gun as the same time Sky throws a knife. The knife hits the mans hand and he drops the gun shouting in pain. The security take the man away. When Sky threw the knife it cut the bullet down the middle and saved George's life. The bullet halves are stuck in the trunks of the trees in the garden. "No one interrupts my husband." Sky says as a thin trail of blood starts running down her arm where half of the bullet nicked her.
Unfortunately, Mycroft’s mate and little brother had no idea of his exact location, only that he was in the USA, and he didn’t have any way of contacting them.
He growls and fucks him harder. “We should just get Sky to give you a cunt now so I can knock you up already.”
She smiles and nuzzles him. 'I think Mycroft is going to retire. He's been thinking about it a lot. He even talked to me about it.'
"Where is your baby daddy by the way?" Jason asks. "Mm probably with his husband." Anthea hums, finishing the strawberry.
Magdala turns her head and kissed Mycroft hard. “Kiss. Over me.” Magdala smiles, wanting Mycroft to kiss Crystal. “Kiss like you mean it.” She smiles.
"Charming and handsome. How did I get so lucky?" She giggles and presses her face to his neck, kissing it.
“He is a doctor and a war veteran. You know forensics won’t work with me thus John.” Sherlock nods. “Where is the body?”
"Are you sure? You're still tight even though I've opened you good and I'm not exactly small.." He bites his lip wondering if he should stretch John more but he also wants him to feel a bit of pain reminding him what they've done after he fucks him.
John squeaks softly as he feels the vibrations and shoots a glare at Greg. "Never have I ever slapped someone's arse in public."
Sherlock practically purred with the praise, nuzzling into John feeling content, and thoroughly fucked.
Maggie mewls around his cock and looks up at him as her lips wrap around the base, wanting him to fuck her throat.
“I want the blood pact.” Greg nods. “I want us to be a check and balance to the other. You’ve gone far to long with total control and it’s wearing on you. I have yet to come into powers that are apparently significant. I want to be able to check you if you get out if hand and you do the same for me. We’ll be equals.”
"Thank you, Gregory." He leans in to kiss him. He tries to sound happy, but he knows Greg will still go and meet with max.
He smiles relieved as Sherlock eats. He texts Mycroft. **Your parents are here. Sherlock found out that we're talking about raising a child together. He is now shutting me out.-- GL**
She frowns and looks up at him. ‘I can go through your memories, find what your mother used to call you.’ She hums softly. ‘Or you could pick a new name. No attachments to who you came from. That’s what I did..’
"You want more, don't you?" Mycroft smirks and strokes him. "Look at Collin. He's absolutely desperate to get his hands on you."
“If the mold cultures jump out and bite you I think that’s a much different issue.” Sherlock chuckles, feeling so much better. Lighter even.
'I wasn't paying attention. I could have stopped it but I wasn't thinking. I'll try harder. I'll do better. I promise..' She squeezes his hand.
“Fuck you’re perfect.” He groans, thrusting up into him as he comes down. “Come. Come on Daddy. I’ll fill you up.”
He waves his hand dismissively. "It's not the first time.. Just don't tell anyone, please.. So I know what it's like to keep something hidden. Something that eats you up inside, literally, everyday."
“I’ll let him do anything he wants as long as he keeps sucking.” She moans, feeling herself start to leak into his mouth.
She opens her leg more and pushes back against him, dropping down to her elbows and arching her back, the perfect position to take his cock.
Mycroft instantly picks Crystal up and holds her close. “That was fun.” He smiles. “But it’s time to rest. I’ll get you in bed and clean you up, before I get Maggie. I’m sure she will let you feed from her without asking for anything in return.” He says softly.
"Let me put it to you this way. There are 100 possible scenarios that I can see. In 99 of them he says no and in one he says yes. Do you want to know why he says yes in only one?"
She gives him an odd look. "Oh, honey, there's a man here to see you. I suppose it's about a case? You haven't had one in quite some time! It'll be nice for you and Sherlock to get out."
“Mm go find a young tight thing to bounce on your cock as I fuck you.” He smirks and nips at his lip before pulling back.
Mycroft blushes and smiles softly, stepping closer to the bed, offering over the flowers and sweets. "Become a bit domesticated."
“I walk the city a lot. Keep a mental map.” Sherlock says as he relaxes in his seat with his coffee.
They get their passes at the door and one of the guides leads them to a small coat room where all their bags get left. He tells them that they can come and collect them when the museum closes and that they'll be told where to set up then.
He pounds into her, pressing as deep as he can go into her. “Like that your big brother is knocking you up?”
Sky gets Danny his juice and she fills the kettle when Greg and Mycroft join them in the kitchen. Greg is grinning like a mad man and Mycroft is smiles brightly. "What's going on?" Sherlock asks as he comes in.
"You mean all those times we would sit and drink by the fire, you weren't actually drinking?" John raises an eyebrow.
“Sorry, John.” Sherlock knees John in the back of the leg, making him fall forward, and at the same time, he pulls John’s gun out of the back of his trousers. Two shots ring out but only one body hits the floor.
Greg kisses Mycroft's head and leads him over to the couch. He pulls him closer and snuggles him on the couch. "I-it's alright, My.. I-I've got you.." He murmurs.
"This is dad with my mom when they fist started going out." She points to a picture of George and a woman with light brown hair and a big happy smile.
She smile softly and kisses his hand, tearing up as well. "You are wonderful and if anyone ever makes you feel less that fantastic they can go rot in the deepest darkest pits."
"Yes yes please. Just bend me over and fuck me whenever you want to. I'm yours. Use me. Breed me. Always."
John smiles. “I’ll fill you back up as soon as we’re back.” He promises. He nips at Sherlock’s lip and nice. “Go to the back and get cleaned up, I’ll pack some things for us in the kitchen.”
Sherlock frowns. “We need to do something now, before they’re formed fully.” He says, pointing to a seat for Pythia but keeps standing.
John nods and keeps his legs apart as he stands. “Is there anything you’d like me to wear, sir?” He asks.
John woke the next day feeling relaxed and refreshed, alone on the couch, covered by a blanket with a pillow under his head. The night before was now a fuzzy, distant memory, but he thought he remembered Sherlock rubbing his head and shoulders. Or maybe he just dreamt that. He remembered making a bloody idiot of himself trying to navigate a bizarre conversation about Sherlock and a love interest. God, how had they lived together for a year and not talked about this before? As disappointed as John was, he was going to be as helpful and supportive of his friend as he could be.
“Knowing the building inside out or no. If I drop you, you are dead, my pretty little seer.” Mycroft hisses, releasing his little fringed from her neck. “Who are you? What do you know of the other one?”
"You love being fucked don't you, slut? You love having my big cock up your arse. You love being used." He nips and bites his chest.
"Yes! Yes, please! I-I need your come Daddy. Please, Daddy!" He cries out and ruts back against him needing to be fucked desperately.
He rests his head for a few seconds more trying to get ahold of himself. He knows he can't show up in the park sporting a stiffy. Not without some awkward conversations. Finally, he pulls back from Sherlock and runs a hand through his hair. "I think this is the longest I've ever gone without touching you in years. It's maddening."
“You’re fine.” John smiles softly and squeezes his shoulder gently before taking his arm back. He holds Jared as they get out of the cab. A bell boy gets their bags from the boot.
Greg smiles and kisses his head. He stands pulling Mycroft up with him. "T-there is no life, no life without it's hunger
“He said that you kicked him out and he needs a break from you. That’s all. I asked and asked him but he didn’t give me a reason. I guess you finally burned him out.” Molly sighs.
“Hey.” Margaret smiles. “Lydia says this isn’t safe, so we can either turn back or I’m coming with you.” She says, not out of breath.
He pounds into her, groaning. “I’m fucking your womb. Gonna come directly into your womb, making sure I knock you up. How does it feel knowing you’ll be carrying a freak’s baby?”
"Yeah alright. Call me before you get here so I can get him ready... Take care of Greg, Holmes.. I know you will cause he talks about you like you walk on freaking water.. It's just.. We need him."
Sherlock whimpers, his cock throbbing and leaking. “Make me your breeding cow, brother.. please..” He mewls, rocking back against him and the plug.
“No. I can’t let you do that. It’s putting you more at risk of me biting you.” Sherlock states, “please, keep yourself safe. You have your broach.” He says sadly as he pulls out a suitcase from his warbrobe and starts to pack it with clothes and books.
John bites Mycroft's should hard as he tightens around his cock. He fucks Mycroft through his orgasm and finally come hard filling him.
“Mm checking on the babies and pups. You? I heard you and Michael were working on a new case. How’s that going?”
“The last time someone found out, they tried to stake me.” He chuckles at the memory. “But I was... am faster, so I ended up staking them. They lived, but the police were confused about what had happened.” He smiles at he looks up at John, hoping he hasn’t misread the mood.
Mycroft strains as he comes hard with a shout into John's hand. Sherlock squirms and bucks his hips. "Greg..."
She moans loudly and presses her face to his neck holding onto him as she gets used to the feeling of him filling her up.
John groans, feeling his orgasm begin in his belly. "God, I just want to fuck that pretty mouth..." He mutters.
Diōnē sobs loudly. “They’re the closest I’ve ever been to humans. I know- I know I’m going to see them again.”
“Don’t whine. You’ll get more than enough cock.” He chuckles and stops when he’s a bit more than half way into him, the base of his cock to thick for Turk.
Sherlock nods. “He’s always cared for me, my Sire. More than he has for anyone else.” Sherlock explains. “I think... I was there for him, during... that time. And he wants to give back to me... I think.” He frowns before knocking back the drink. “I’m sorry ma’am, I’m sure you don’t want to listen to me.”
"Oh so I looked up the cochlear implant John was talking about." Greg says and brings over his laptop after teaching Sherlock. "Apparently it stimulates the nerve and helps transmit sound to the brain. The thing is that it's brain surgery." He shows Sherlock the laptop.
"Perfect, baby. You're a natural!" Greg praises him. He sees John out of the corner of his eye and blushes. John bites his lip.
Greg pushes Mycroft onto the bed. He pulls him up into his hands and knees. He buries his face in Mycroft's arse and fucks him with his tongue.
John buries his face in Margaret’s chest, sucking and biting and kissing her breasts as he pushes one finger inside her wet hole.
"Well I'm going to go help get into a dress so we can see how she looks." The attendant smiles and goes to help Sky in the dressing room.
Diōnē smiles. “It’s wonderful, but the arguments are large. But for now go with Dominic, I fear I don’t have long left.” She thinks for a moment. “If you like, I can cast a spell on you to make sure you do get pregnant.” She offers.
She moans softly, rolling her hips with him and exposing more of her neck. “I love it. Love being so full. I want to give you so many pups. I want to carry as many as I can for you. I want to be a good breeding bitch. I’ll let you breed me every day. Let you pump my womb full of another litter every day.”
He smiles softly and cuddles down with sky, nuzzling the back of her neck gently as he breathes her in.
“I know. I know you need this. Need to be sucked dry.” The man chuckles, working it harder and faster.
"I.. I know. I'm sorry. It just.. it just happened. I'm sorry." He bites his lip feeling like the biggest fucking asshole on the planet.
"She has not." Mycroft frowned, obviously having wondered why she hasn't before today. "She stopped the suppressants about a week after we returned from Paris, yet no heat."
Sherlock waves as they walk away. “Made a friend?” He smiles softly. “You could be a gymnast, you know. They do all kinds of tricks.”
“I could rip your throat out faster than you could draw that gun.” The man chuckles. “I take it the little girl found her sister?” He asks, smiling softly as he turns to look at Turk.
She nods. "So the shot gun pellets hit me. That's when I got really pisses  off. I grabbed the shot gun and snapped it in two. Hit him in the face with the butt of the gun and broke his eye socket. The last guy grabbed me by the hair and threw me out the second story window. That's where the glass in my back came from.."
‘I wasn’t lying when I said it wasn’t my first time being a madman’s pet.’ She bites her lip, knowing he doesn’t know anything about her life for the past two decades.
“Greg? Really, Mycroft?” John smirks. “Yeah yeah, alright. I’ll meet you at the store.” He pulls Sherlock in for a deep long filthy kiss just to piss Mycroft off before he gets into the car.
John moves away from Sherlock, needing space to move off this tension, this energy in him. He needs to keep his distance so he doesn’t touch Sherlock, doesn’t do something he’ll regret. But he’s
"Yeah? Are you stretched for me?" He asks, knowing Mycroft gets exactly desperate like this after he's played with himself.
“You and Crystal?” John asks. “What does that...? Are you all together, in a relationship? Won’t you and Crystal get jealous of each other?”
Sherlock hums softly in reply, his arms and legs wrapped around John like ivy. He won’t let him go, never again.
"At any rate, if you're happy spending time with Mycroft, I say go for it." He says, "being alone is hard."
He groans softly and nips at her lips. 'And to think that they won't realize what you're wearing right now or where we're going after the celebration.'
He whimpers and straddles his chest. He wraps his hand around his achingly hard cock and strokes himself.
John pets Sherlock's head and massages his scalp trying to relax him. "G-guess that cat is out of the bag.." Greg says.
"So onto business. The reason for today's fake wedding is because Sky has informed me that some of the people I know well and do business with want me dead. She says it's not my time to die yet so we've decided this whole charade to find the guilty party and whatever gifts they have in store. Oh speaking of gifts." George stands and walks over to his desk. He unlocks a drawer and pulls out a package wrapped in brown paper. "This is for you, Sky." He hands her the package. She looks at the package and opens it. "Oh." She gasps softly.
Sky smiles and helps Ada up from her seat. "Care for a stroll, milady?" She hums. "Of course, ma'am." Ada giggles and smiles as they leave the cage locking the door behind them.
He continues to fuck her roughly, moving his hand to rub her clit. "Good girl. Make a huge fucking mess for me."
He frowns as he listens to her. "You are so deserving of this.. Of living.. Of having us.. Of being loved." He rubs her back.
“WHAT. THE. FUCK!” Harry growls, pulling John close to inspect his neck. “And you didn’t tell me! Jesus, John! I’m supposed to look out for you! And you just shack up with some random alpha! Knew I should have kept a closer eye on you. Can't leave you alone for five minutes. Wanting to join the bloody army and now this. Do you not have any self-preservation skills at all?” She snaps, touching the bond. “It’s new. Really new. Where the hell is this alpha then? Letting you walk around alone freshly bonded? I’ll bash their fucking head in.” She growls.
"Don't think just because you fucked one pregnant girl into submission that you're done. You knocked me up. Your cock is mine anytime I want it." She purrs, biting his neck as she sits in his lap.
Greg chuckles softly. “They just want to make you feel special.” He says softly. “Sherlock and John love you.”
Mycroft smiles and squeezes him gently before pulling away. He looks to Greg. "I've got some for Sherlock too.."
She moans and arches, coming hard as they thrust into her. She blushes brightly as she sees Sally’s father watching her.
"Of course, Crofty." She smiles. "Well then you need to go get ready. We only have a few hours left before people start arriving." George says to Sky. "Alright. Come on Anthea and Lydia. We have things to do." Sky says and opens the office door. They file out. "Let me know if you need me." Sky says to the boys.
"Harry is happy, which is annoying. She's loud when she's happy. But she's been busy helping Anthea with fieldwork, so we haven't seen her much." John looks at the time then calculates the time difference. "Love, go to sleep, it's nearly midnight for you."
"Oh I plan to. I'm going to milk your cock dry tonight. By the time it's over when you come nothing will comes out of you."
“Fix them. Any injuries they have and restore their memories. Then release them. All of them. Take me inside and I’ll be the best play thing you ever had.”
Darius is pacing around them, his cock aching between his legs. He whines, panting. ‘Dark, let me have her.’
"Mm you want to fuck him, don't you? Thrust your cock into his perfect arse." Carol smirks at Collin.
“All I’m asking for is some communication but fuck me I guess!” John shouts. “No it’s fine. Just leave me with a fucking murderer.” He grumbles. “If you don’t keep your fucking mouth shut I’ll turn you into a bleeding lump of Swiss cheese.” He growls at Ryan.
“Mm what?” Magdala rolls over. “John.” He eyes widen and she pulls the blankets up around herself. “John, what are you doing?”
Mycroft whimpers softly and curls up in his arms. "T-Take care of Sherlock.. He's desperate.. Look at him.."
John moves to lay beside him on the edge of the bed, looking down at him. "Maybe it's just us Watsons." He laughs
Eli groans and arches but so does Rachel who happens to be wearing the same vibrator, her turning on at the same time as Eli’s.
Sky blushes and takes the box, pulling out the first card. “This one says that girls only night is really nice because they don’t have to worry about men and they get to enjoy being with girls so they hope we keep up girls only night.” She hums and picks up another. “This one says  theme nights would be good. Lingerie, sexy costumes, the works.” She giggles as he reads the card.
“Eli? You still there?” George ask as he picks up the phone, trying to get into Sky’s computer so he can get the security monitors up.
Sally nods. “Grew up on this street. They all know me too. Some of them are happy that I left. Others not so much.” She shrugs and stops in front of a red door.
"Home is cold and dark." Mycroft sighs. "And I have never partaken in 'hanging out'... what does one do?"
Mycroft stills, letting out a trembling breath. Opening his mouth, he wraps his lips around the stiff prick in front of him, tasting experimentally.
He can’t remember the last time he was this close and tender with someone. He presses soft kisses into John’s hair. Over and over, until he’s certain that ever hair has had at least one kiss to it.
He lowers his gaze and nods. "Y-Yes, sir.. I'm sorry for alarming you.. I.. I deserve punishment.." He bites his lip.
He removes his fingers once Sherlock is ready and moves between his legs. He kisses him softly as he pushes into him.
"Well at the moment all I can think about is bending you over this bar and fucking you till you scream." He licks lips and his hips rock subtly.
“John, you’re the only person I’ve ever been remotely interested in personally, romantically, sexually. Just you. Only you. It’s only ever been you.” Sherlock nuzzles him.
“Made to take cock, sir. In all my holes.” He whimpers, trying to get him to fuck him harder and faster.
John gives her a confused look as he stumbles around the words, "what...John Hamish Watson. But you know that already, so why are you asking now?"
"Please! Please, do all of that. Please, I need it.. I need something in my arse all the time.. I can't function without it.."
“Epithelial cells that have been soaked for varying periods of time in water samples from different points on the Thames. Depending on the saturation a man’s alibi hangs in the balance.” Sherlock responded without looking up.
"Mm yes.. Or I could take Sherlock his violin and send John back here to relax with you.. He hasn't been home in days.."
"Morning, baby." Collin smiles. Carol hums and smiles happily, pouring herself some juice to take her vitamins.
She stands, remembering why she was looking around the estate. She blushes a bit. “Where’s the bathroom?”
‘We’re gonna put him on some medication and Turk is going to heal any damage to his heart. He’ll be okay.’
'Of course im in. All of my boys and girls are in as well.' She smirks. 'I passed Carol in the hall. Read her mind. I pushed her up against the wall and ate George's cum out here her cunt right there. She has such a yummy pussy.' She licks her lips.
“I hope you don’t mind me taking notes on the kids. I’m working on a paper right now about how curiosity varies between gender and age.” She smiles and shakes his hand, her hand soft and little in his.
'You can't remember everything and I don't expect you to. It was just an accident. It's okay. I promise.'
Greg closes his eyes transporting them to the small opening in the forest. They stand a little way back, watching the two women silently.
Sherlock nods. “That sounds great. But... I want it to be special. Like put her on a pedistal or something. You know, show her off to everyone around.” He says softly. “I don’t know if there’s any special toys you know of.”
John nods. “I don’t want to be without you.” He giggles. “Mine.” He says holding onto Sherlock tightly.
“Right up the stairs. Mrs. Hudson cleaned and put fresh sheets on the bed today. Temporary toiletries should be there as well until your things are here.” Sherlock nods.
He hums, eyes scanning the room casually, stopping as his eyes land on Collin with Sherlock and Sally, not knowing who Sherlock was but licking his lips.
"I l-love you. I know you want what's b-b-best for me. I know you d-didn't mean for this to h-h-happen."
“Fuckin freezing. He’s in a good mood though.” Greg nods to the inside at Sherlock prancing around inside.
"Mm what a slut. Fucking on the couch in broad daylight where anyone can see." Collin smirks as Sherlock and Greg stand beside him.
“But I know you’ll make it up to me later.” She purrs, biting and pulling his bottom lip gently and she sinks back down to her feet. She smirks and walks back to the porch, relaxing until the game is over.
‘I don’t know if the cock of a player is worthy of knotting me.’ She stands, tail high and wagging slowly in interest but also so he can smell her scent.
“We’ll see about that, little slut.” Sherlock smirks, taking it as a dare. He starts to thrust hard and fast into Morna, keep no rhythm as John does the same.
"It does matter. You matter. You've always mattered. I needed. If that's the only fucking reason your here it's for my dumb ass. And I know that's sucks. I know I'm not worth any shit. I fucking know that. That's why I do the shit I do. That's why I try to make up for all the shit I've done in the past. You don't even know. You don't know the things I've done. The things I've seen. I am a freak. Not the good kind of freak. Not the celebrated or adored. No. The kind of freak that everyone loves to stare at and talk about but the kind they're afraid of. You know the sick shit about that? I love it. I love that fear."
"Mmm they are and they make your arse look damn fine." John purrs while keeping his voice low so it won't carry over to his mother. It's one thing to have your mother know you're pregnant, but another entirely to show her your sex life is still alive and well.
He smiles and bites his lip, adding a bit more emphasis on his innuendos. “Would you mind helping me finish them off?”
"Umm.." He pulls out a folded pieces of paper from his pocket. "Cynthia in obstetrics. Oh.." His eyes widen. "She wants you to knock her up. Fuck that's hot."
Dave moans desperately as he drinks from her, thrusting harder and faster until he’s pounding into her, cock head hitting her cervix with each thrust.
He groans loudly, knowing she's right. He holds onto her hips, keeping his face pressed against her cunt.
John shakes his head. “Then I failed. If that’s my job, then just letting one person die means I failed.” He frowns.
"Look at the ones I have up now." He gives John his phone. The locked screen saver is Greg kisses Mycroft's cheek and the inner screen saver is of Mycroft and John helping Sherlock walk when he was in the hospital.
She shakes her head. ‘’Mm no. He didn’t smell like us. I think he was just a nice human. The nice lady trusted him so I did.’
Mycroft smiles and nods. “We have John and Magdala. And you, and I have a few vampires whose job it is to read and remember everything out our history and the supernatural world.” He explains.
Soon a female officer comes over and sits with Mycroft. “Hello, Sir.” Her accent was heavy. “I just need to confirm a few things with you and then I’ll have you sign some paperworks okay?” She asks.
He looks around. "It's clean.. To clean. Where the hell is the blood splatter?" He sighs. "So he wasn't killed here. What else have you got here?"
"It's amazing you're still alive." Paul says and Sky stiffens a bit against Michael. "Everyone always says that." She hums. "Are you clean?" He asks. She nods knowing he's going to make her show him her arms. "Arms." He hums and she pulls up her sleeves revealing scars and old track marks. She blushes a bit embarrassed at what Michael will think of her past drug use and her scars. "Good for you." Paul hums as she pushes her sleeves back down coving her arms.
“What’s going to happen with the war? Are they going to talk out their differences or not?” Sherlock asks.
"Do you think tracking him down would be the best thing to do right now, Mycroft? He needs to cool off." Anthea says as she starts tracking Greg's cab.
Greg takes Mycroft's hard leaking prick into his hand and strokes him teasingly. "Louder. Who do you belong to?"
"We'll have that nonalcoholic wine you apparently keep in the back," John tells him, "I need to know how his adult juice tastes." He smirks across at Sherlock.
Sherlock nods. “I trust you.” He breaths with a slight lisp because of the fangs. “So long as I don’t bite you, you can do whatever you to me.” He says as he noses John’s neck and lets his exposed fangs slide across John’s skin without biting him.
He kisses his hand and smiles, ordering them some wine. “I don't think I’ve ever seen Sherlock or Mycroft drunk.” He chuckles as the waiter goes to put their order in.
‘I know, George. You’re having a heart attack. Just try and relax. You’re going to be okay. I promise. I’m blocking out most of the pain but I’m sure you can still feel the tightness in your chest.’ Sky says calmly as Collin pulls up. Sky pulls the car door open. “George. Open your mouth for me.” She says and puts an aspirin under his tongue to treat the heart attack.
"Because he thinks that who ever is trying to take over this territory is going to succeed and he's trying to cover his arse. He's a mob boss. What do you expect?"
“I can’t remember.” Violet pouts. “Don’t pout, Love.” Cecil kisses her softly. She hums softly and kisses him back. “You boys care to guess what helped your mother?” Cecil smirks.
“Thank you for leaving earlier. If you were here there were too many variables. I couldn’t make sure you were safe. I know it was very hard for you to leave me there..”
Samuel pulls her close and cuddles her. He kisses her neck and rubs her clit. “I want to make you come. A few more times at least. Make sure my cum has a happy womb to make babies in.” He mumbles as he sucks marks into her neck as he pushes two fingers into her slick cunt.
Sherlock smiles and cuddles Kia close. “Shall we go look for John? He’s been a while.” He asks softly.
“There you go. Just like that.” Greg nods, rubbing Mycroft’s thigh encouragingly. “Do you touch yourself? Get yourself off?” He asks softly.
Guys! I managed to get to this to Allura on time so she was lovely and went over it for grammar and spelling for us!
"Because, I knew you'd think twice about putting me in the field." She sighs, then rolls into his embrace. "Doctor Watson has lived a life quite similar to mine. However, he opted to better *his* life, I hoped by throwing myself into the lion's den I might make a difference for everyone. I found though, that it wasn't quite that easy. The best I could do was stay afloat, and offer assistance under the radar when I could. I guess you've never quite looked into that little expense account you gave me, have you?"
John takes his own cup and sits down beside Sherlock, curling into his side. “I’ll be happy to drink it Sherlock, if you don’t want to.” He offers. “I just wanted to give you the opportunity.”
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock. That sounds dreadful. No one should have to go through that." It was clear from her tone that she felt they were in a similar situation. "I can imagine how it felt...did you try therapy? Maybe he just needs some time away. Though, if I'm completely honest it sounds as if he was just looking for an excuse to end things between you."
Mycroft pulls Sherlock up and kisses him deeply, moaning as he tastes himself before turning and kissing Chris.
Sherlock smiles, once he’s finished cooking the food, he takes it over to the table by Morna. “May I feed you?” He blushes.
He starts to doze, mumbling softly. “Collin?” He asks John quietly, having forgotten where Collin had gone.
"Mm you love my cock, don't you? It stretch you so much." He moans and stays still, letting Michael adjust.
Greg has Sherlock and John curled up on either side of him and he smiles softly as he looks at Mycroft cuddling up to Collin.
“No but I thought you’d be more comfortable if you thought I did.” Crystal shrugs, taking off her bra with her back to Greg before putting on her sleep top.
Magdala nods, “yes. Hold your hand out flat and say ‘ignis’, I think you’ll feel some tingling.” She says softly.
He sits next to her. "I know there's things you can't talk to me about, I just wish that you would talk to me before going off to do something like that."
“We’ll find it.” Sherlock holds John close and kisses his head. “It says it’s in the deepest point in the deepest forest. So it’s in a forest. That helps.” He cuddles John.
"You're just an over grown rag doll." She giggles and getting the car next to Zack, pulling Michael in to sit next to her.
Sky blushes and whimpers. “Mm I think we should see how many cocks we can fit in her at once.” Jean smirks.
“Hi.” Lydia smiles. “Welcome.” Anthea nods. “Thank you for having me.” Darius smiles. ‘Definitely both. Can’t decide which I want more.’ He chuckles.
Sherlock shakes his head. “It’s okay. I should be sorry too, for scaring you, I thought that I could change that, but it probably just made the fear worse.” He says softly.
He does as John says and can finally breathe a bit easier after what seems like hours when in reality was only a few minutes. His arms are still over his chest protectively. "Sorry.." He says quietly so he doesn't wake Sherlock and Mycroft.
They get Ada situated into bed so she can sleep. "If you need me I'll be at the bonfire." Sky smiles at Nigel. "Yes. Okay. Thank you so much." Nigel smiles and hugs her. "Of course." She smiles and hugs him back.
“If you want to, I’ll make a reservation right now.” Sherlock says softly, still holding Mrs. Hudson’s hand. He was more shaken than her if they were being honest.
Mycroft presses a button on the underside of his desk and five heavily armed vampires, as well as Sherlock come into the room. They surround the desk. “Doctor Watson, if this is your idea of a joke, then please note you’ve missed the mark by a mile.”
"Oh you're going to have to be more specific then that, Sherlock. What kind of problem and what did you do with my dog tags?" John bites his lip and smirks.
He frowns a bit. "No matter what, Sky. Nothing will make me walk away from you. I love you for you."
He moans into the kiss and bucks his hips. "Yes, Sir. I can make a mess of my trousers for you." Greg mewls and nods.
Mycroft pushes his arse back against John’s hands. “Can I have your cock, Daddy? Wanna be a good boy and take it nice and deep.”
“Such a good girl. Perfect for breeding.” She kisses her deeply. ‘Do you know who’s the father?’ She asks, knowing Cecil and George fucked her when she was ovulating as well as Sherlock and Mycroft.
John chuckles and holds Sherlock’s hips. “Gorgeous.” He praises, looking down at Sherlock’s small rounded belly.
"Mm can't get enough of Mummy's pussy, can you?" She mewls, rocking with him. "You must really want to knock Mummy up."
“It seems different. I’m still used to running around backalleys of London with you armed with a gun.” Sherlock says softly. “And now you’re sat on my lap, looking like you’re about to fall asleep. I like this way just fine.” He whispers.
Mycroft's cheeks glow red and he ducks his head, a small smile on his face. "Husband." He says, as some English tourists clapped at the impromptu announcement.
Sherlock chuckles and kisses John hard before picking him up, bridal style. “Come on then, my dear. Let’s get you back.”
Annabelle looks around, unable to see all the trees, “What do you mean, there’s no trees here, just shoots.”
John holds Sherlock's hips still so he can't fuck himself on John's cock. John leans forward and bites Sherlock's neck at the same time he thrusts into him.
“Oh god why do you think everything is always about you? God forbid someone says something about themselves once in a while. You’re a shitty listener you know that?” Crystal shakes her head.
“Crystal O’Hara.” Camille snaps. “You are getting very close to sounding threatening and you know what I will do if you threaten me. You don’t serve the people you love, unless you were using them. Using them to feel their love whilst you cannot reciprocate.”
Mycroft watches lazily, unable to think of a time when he had been more relaxed. He smiles slowly at Greg.
"Oh excellent." Veronica claps. "My line is unisex and non-binary. You might have to wear a dress. You don't have to if that'll make you in comfortable though."
"How do you get updates to him? You call him right?" She unwraps the tape on Paul's hands. "Call him and give a fake update. I can trace it and we can find them."
“We have a temporal shield. Yes, my life will change, there will be new memories. But I will also carry my old ones. The ones I have now. Luckily, because of the mind palace, this won’t be an issue for me. I can separate things out. Of course John, after ‘you get back’ and sleep, you will have no memory of this life as it is.   All your memories will be changed.”
“ Yes - I can see your point, that colour of puce should never be seen on a mans face, I thought he might just have a cardiac arrest and save the team the trouble of the arrest.”
When John looked round he immediately recognised Bart’s. Not the modern refurbished Bart’s that hardly smelled of disinfectant, but the astringent smell of years of antiseptic that permeated throughout the hospital and lecture halls alike.  The wooden tables in the Morris lecture theatre appeared before him and he was instantly taken back to the moment when he had his first lecture.  John scanned the room, moving around easily. Unseen by the hundreds of eyes watching the front nervously waiting for the lecture to start.  John didn’t have to look far. He had always been a creature of habit. Ok, so changing Harry’s future that day hadn’t affected him going to Bart’s he thought with satisfaction.  He could see himself, sitting fifth row from the bottom, the aisle seat he had always snagged so he could get out quickly, but not right at the front so he had to crane his neck to look up at the screens.  The younger john sat, looking pensive. Hair longer then than it was now. Shaggy, a little unkempt. He moved closer. Ignoring everything and everybody else.  He noticed the younger man's clothes. Tired, probably charity shop finds, but he was there, he had done it.   He sighed with relief.    The one thing he had really wanted to do was be a doctor. Prove his father wrong. Prove everyone wrong who had ever doubted him.  He was happy with this, he didn’t need to mess. He had confidence that if he had made it this far, that he would go all the way.  He began to turn away when a thought flew through his mind.  Hmmm, one thing he had wished he had done when he met Sherlock. One area he was always awed by. Language.  He had done rudimentary French at school. Had done well, but had taken it no further. Maybe he could learn French, now that would be a turn up for the books.
the voice of a small male uniformed man, sturdy and observant. Showed the younger John in and closed the door.  John smiled. He didn’t need to go into that room. He knew exactly what was happening. He recollected the pride he felt when he came out of that room years ago. He knew he had made the right decision. War had changed him, damaged him. But he was who he was.  He was the man who Sherlock had befriended regardless of his nightmares, regardless of his psychosomatic limp. He knew that as painful as those memories were, they had shaped him as a man. He could never truly regret those times.
Mycroft studied John. Each micro emotion telling him the state of his psychological and physical welfare He felt that John was most assuredly the right candidate for the job.
“Fuck….. Ok, well, I’ll be off now, it’s certainly something to think about. Shall I give you a ring Mycroft?”
“Goodness sake John, I didn’t ask if you were having sexual relations. Don’t you think I would know that? I see everything. I can deduce most everything you do, don’t do and more importantly what you desire to do!”
Of course, John suddenly realised why he had been set this task. Mycroft had known how deadly this technology was. He needed John to try it and rubbish it. He had trusted John to do the right thing.
John sat, head in hands, “Mycroft, what the hell? Shit happens. I, I have fucked up. Yeah, of course in another life I would have gone to medical school, met Sherlock at Bart’s one day, fell head over heels, forgone the army, been undamaged. And we would have had the fairy-tale, the whole shebang. Sherlock would never have turned to drugs, who knows we would be celebrating our marriage etc etc etc. But Mycroft, that can’t happen. The thing is. We are what we are. We can’t turn back time”
John analysed the scene that had happened years before. The letter? No one except their dad read the letter. John looked up as he heard his father stumbling around in his room. He knew what came next, what must have happened all those years ago,  dad must have intercepted the letter! John thought quickly and punched into the keyboard
John found himself in a small room. He recognised the rotation room he had spent many a night in. Used as an on-call bed room for those who managed to get a few hours’ sleep. The room was well worn and tatty.  He glanced over to the bed and was amused to find his younger self wrapped in the arms and legs of a woman he didn’t recognise.   He glanced at the clock. 2:30am, He was fast asleep. His clothes, his white coat strewn over the floor. Then he noticed the nurses uniform. Rachel? Rebecca? God, he couldn’t remember. He blushed as grimaced. There had been a few.  He enjoyed sex. The moment, when you give yourself to orgasm, forgetting the world. That moment of just being.   He knew that whoever this woman was that she hadn’t stayed around, he probably would have remembered her if they had had some sort of relationship.  He was startled at the ‘beep beep beep’ of younger John’s Pager.  John groaned as he wriggled out from under the nurse.   He looked knackered. Haggard and old. John smiled to himself. Funny, back then he thought himself invincible, never felt the long hours. Just trudged on through, he knew now there was no way on earth he could put his body through that ordeal again. The lack of sleep, constant adrenalin highs and lows. It was a wonder more medics didn’t keel over from exhaustion.
John stepped out of the car outside 221 Baker Street. The sun shone, and he felt light and happy.  Stepping inside into the cool hallway John took a deep breath. As he stepped inside 221B, he stopped abruptly as Sherlock came out of his bedroom. “Morning Sherlock.”
John sat, feeling as though the weight of the universe was on his shoulders, where the hell had this come from? One minute he was going out for a walk in the sun, the next he was sitting here realising just what a screw up he was. Raking his fingers roughly through his hair he glared at Mycroft, “Ya know what Mycroft, Yeah. I bloody well would. You know, I love your brother. He’s as mad as a box of frogs. He infuriates me. But I see in him something I could only ever long to be. I see a beautiful man, who has so much love, and no where to put it. If I could go back, I would. I would change things and be at a time now where we can be us. Yeah.  However, since this isn’t possible, I don’t know. Maybe I just need to learn to make the best of things. But Mycroft, as long as I live, I will never cheat on him, I will never let him get bored, even if I have to spend the rest of every day of my life actively trying to keep him alive and happy.”
John sat on a sofa in a room Mycroft had led him to. He had been furious as being drugged. “what is it about the Holmes’ drugging their friends and family?” But he also understood begrudgingly why Mycroft felt the need to protect him and the programme. Mycroft understood that he needed some time to think, some time to get his head straight. To plan or to come to peace with living as he had when he got up this morning. John’s head was reeling. “What a life.. how fucked up can my life get? What next talking frogs? Maybe Sherlock is actually a frog? Maybe Mycroft is an alien? Nothing, nothing would surprise me at the moment” John realised he was shouting the words out loud and shut his mouth with a snap.  “Could it be this easy?” God, the amount of times that John had wished that things could be different. Had wished he could undo and unsay things in his life. Now, he could go back to the beginning rewrite his history.  He thought about not going to Afghanistan. He thought about the friends he had made, those he would never meet. But to be free of the pain? The nightmares, that was an attractive proposition.  And Sherlock, of course If John had known him back then, maybe Sherlock wouldn’t have succumbed to that terrible addiction. The pain the horrors it brought for him, his family his friends. Sebastian Moran, he would have no chance to take Sherlock away. To take advantage of him. To abuse him, scare him.  And Mary? He would never know her. Never miss her she wouldn’t be a blip on his radar. If he passed her in the street she would just be some middle-aged housewife, easy on the eye, but he would have Sherlock so she would have no hold on him. And the baby? Well, no baby, the baby wouldn’t ever have existed. No pain for anyone. He was overwhelmed with the desire to change things. To turn back the clock.
“hum, vraiment ? Le français ? Tu as pratiqué beaucoup ? Eh bien, viens te coucher avec moi. Il n'y a aucune chose que j'aimerais plus.”
John allowed himself the time to remember Afghanistan.  He remembered his training. Remembered his comrades. The officers, his juniors, his friends.  For the first time, the memories didn’t hurt as he thought about his time as a soldier and army medic, a side effect of this time travel procedure he thought. Some detachment.  He allowed his mind to wander. Those dark cold nights hunkered down as the insurgents tried to wait them out. The rounds of gun fire splitting the night.  He remembered the boring times, the men playing cards, the rivalry as they mucked around playing pranks on each other, the gentle teasing. And the not so gentle hand jobs behind the barracks. Those moments of bonding between frightened men living so closely but all wanting to get home safe to their loved ones.  Then John remembered his last battle, when he got hit. He recalled every moment. That fight, should never have happened. The loss of life, his friends, those in his care. If only things had been different.  He knew that he could get his younger self to walk away from the corridor. Change his mind about signing his life away to the military. Knew that he could at last be free of the nightmares. He could be unhurt, undamaged. But then….  He had met Sherlock because he had been damaged.  He met Sherlock because of Afghanistan.  “No. No no….” His hands were tied.
“Yes John, is that unexpected? I’m sure I heard you saying her new collection was  showing in Milan this week? “
John bristled. “Mycroft, what do you want? Surely you are not getting a kick out of my humiliating lack of progress with my romantic intentions towards your brother?” There, he had said it!
John turned away from his old life smiling. He didn’t yet know what came next, what repercussions this would cause but surely nothing could be worse.   Oh, Gosh , yes. One more thing. It might just save him a good beating.
She tore open the envelope and gasped, “Oh John, I’m in… I have a full grant, I can start in September”
He wandered round his childhood house, seeing it from an adult point of view. Harry still fast asleep. She had been so beautiful then, before the ravages of alcoholism. She slept silently, her pink cheeks flushed against the cold he knew from memory permeated the house. No heat, ever. Bills rarely got paid. They were lucky to keep the electric on most times but John thought that was only so the fridge could keep his dad’s beer cold. He wandered into his dad’s room. Felt sick as he saw the man, bloated from drink. The yellow grey pallor that he hadn’t noticed as a child but now recognised as advanced alcoholic related cirrhosis, His dad laid on top of the bed, obviously where he had collapsed, in his piss stained pants. God, even though he knew this man was now dead, the sight of him sickened John. Taking one last look around he tapped the plus button knowing that no one would be up and about till at least 10am, even on his birthday.
He blinked, opening his eyes slowly. Unsure for a moment what time it was, he realised that he was waiting for Sherlock to get the CCTV recordings from their last case.  He watched the pair as the recordings played out. He watched himself and Sherlock laugh as the indiscretions played out in front of them. John smiled as he watched Sherlock, his Sherlock. He drew a sharp breath as he noticed Sherlock watching him. He had been intent on the video footage. Hadn’t noticed as Sherlock’s gaze settled on his face, the tenderness, the fond smile as he gazed over at John.
John fought hard to bring the memory of this day back.  He remembered his dad grasping the letter from the university. Roaring at Harry about how useless she was that she couldn’t even get a place at university. The man had sneered at her as he had told her she would never be good enough, never amount to anything.  John remembered Harry’s face. It had crumpled as her dad tore the letter into small pieces laughing as she burst into tears running from the room.  It was a few days after wards that Harry had sobered up. She sat talking to John about how their dad had told her she had to stay home and look after him, that there was no way she would get into university, or get a good job anyway. She sighed as she had told John that he must have been right, she was useless just like him.
Noooo nooo no no, he couldn’t, wouldn’t see this. Before he could turn to walk out he could hear the moans of Sebastian. "
“No John, I brought you here today to make a decision. It’s now, today, or not at all. Either way, when you leave this room you will know nothing about this experiment. I’m sorry John but if you decide against the experiment I have no reason to hurt you. But, the knowledge now you have it would be a threat to you forever, so these few hours will be wiped from your mind. In fact, the tea? Sorry, but it contained a drug that will become active in a few hours if you choose not to take the journey. By the time you get home, you will have no memory of this, just a bit of a headache. If however you wish to go ahead. You will not be missed by Sherlock… or whomever will be in your life at that time.  No matter how long you stay here, or on your journey, you will be returned to the time at the exact moment we picked you up in Baker Street.”
“What does that even mean Mycroft”?  Of course, I can keep him happy or at least die trying, I don’t need you to tell me.”
"If the calculations are correct, you can change the timeline of any moment as simple as typing a few words. Your neural pathways will be wired into a computer, through these electrodes, you will have a device as solid as you are. An extension if you like of yourself. It’s a physical brain if you like. You type in the changes, as though you are thinking them, they become the thoughts of your younger self, as you blink and exhale. You will find your younger self following your instructions or you will find yourself where ever you have requested, in whatever way you have changed things. The device is strapped to your hand to make you feel secure, but like your presence there, it isn’t real as in corporeal. It is a physical manifestation of you taking control, you can’t lose it, or lose your way back. We will monitor you constantly but will only bring you back if something goes badly wrong with your well-being. We will not interfere John. Whatever you do is your responsibility. Remember John, that whatever you do can have catastrophic consequences for everyone. Do not make any decision lightly. On the other side John, as I have said, you are the first person allowed to try and rewrite a timeline, it may not work. If it doesn’t the whole thing will be shelved. This is a last chance hurrah.”
John watched as Sherlock sat at the bench the sound of the slamming door ringing through the lab.  Sherlock’s shoulders sagged. John ached to hold him. If at that moment, he could turn back time for Sherlock he would do it in an instant. And he knew why Mycroft and his associates had put in safe guards. Jesus, he was so mad right now, he would have probably started WW3.  Sherlock stood straight, shrugged and went back to the experiment.
Mycroft’s face remained unchanged, only his lips moved. “It’s not a vehicle John. I’m not H.G Wells. And it’s not in my closet!”
“Dr John Watson – what is it?” He listened then dragging his clothes on as he spoke said “Give me two mins” Dressed he hurried out of the room, not even looking back at the woman who had slept through it all.
“Well yes, Mycroft, he’s my best friend. You know, friends, those people who you do things for without having to resort to payment? Or maybe you don’t know?” John Smirked but then felt uncomfortable as Mycroft flinched at the barb that hit home. “Look if you must know, that’s it. We are ‘just’ friends. There will be nothing more, Sherlock isn’t like that. As soon as he said the words, He wished he could retract them. He hadn’t want to confirm Mycroft’s suspicions that he did in fact have more than friend type feelings for Sherlock.
“Ohhhh well.” John spoke in a long exhalation of breath. Knowing that once again the moment had come and gone. “Two AM. I suppose we should at least try and get some shut eye. I’ll…. Be erm.. off to bed then.”
“No John, you misunderstand, you see, but as Sherlock say’s you don’t observe.  You see the way Sherlock and I argue. You hear the words. But you don’t see anything beyond that. Maybe it will surprise you to know that not only would I do anything to protect my brother’s life, but I would also do anything to protect his emotional well-being. You see John, I love him too.  Don’t look so shocked! I have a job to do. This way of life, my life was mapped out for me when my genetics turned me into the genius that I am. There was never a normal family life for us, but that doesn’t mean that I don’t care. I have spent my life trying to be both a mother and a father to Sherlock. I made decisions for him that he hated, some that he will never forgive me for. I have messed up, I have let him down. But I have done my best.”
Sherlock’s shoulders slumped. John noticed the defeat in his eyes. "What did this bloody man have over him?"
“Not me John. I have a minor position in government that’s all. I’m here as a spokes-person. We need someone who we can trust. Someone who is motivated to change a few things in their life but who would not attempt to mess with anything… erm big…. Like an assassination on someone. Something that would change the world. The person who does this needs to be honest and there are not many people who if given this power, would be able to resist from, meddling, yes… meddling in things that could have catastrophic consequences.”
“Well Sebastian, I would have if I had been finished but as you see I am still quite busy with this project”
He blinked then sat in a spare seat just behind young John. Soaking in the memories of those around him. Oh God, there was Mike, Tall and trim back then. He was so glad he had met Mike back then, he then sat back and enjoyed the lecture, amused by the simplicity of the basic information.  As the lecture ended, John stretched and watched younger John put away his note book. He had been meticulous at taking notes.  Always, always carried two pens. Something he still did now. John knew looking at the hunger in his eyes back then that he wanted to make a go of this. He had fought hard for it.
“You have been out for breakfast John? “Sherlock looked sleepy but ever observant. “Bacon crumbs on your jumper.”
John blinked then opened his eyes.  He could hardly believe it. His old bedroom. The scruffy walls, the torn posters. The corner of the porn magazine, just peeking out but visible under his chest of drawers. No wonder his dad had found it so easily. And there in the bed, John Watson. He smiled down at himself. He looked carefree sleeping in the early hours, 5am the clock said. He knew that he had only ever used sleep to escape from the mayhem at home. Since his mum had died when he was 12, his dad had become worse with alcohol, almost always drunk. Harry had come as a lesbian not long before his mum’s death. Mum had not been phased, but his homophobic dad had hated it. He couldn’t bear the thought of Harry with another woman. and had even tried to blame her mum’s death on this and not the advanced liver cancer that had taken her in months after diagnosis.
Mycroft smiled. A slow but certain smile. “I see, erm. Nothing could be changed John?”  His expression said a thousand words.
Johns heart soared a reality, his new reality sunk in. “Thank you Mycroft, yes I had forgotten, you know how it is. I’ll ring her later, but I need to be somewhere else right now.”
His heart thumped in his chest as he watched the events that had happened only yesterday. Yes! He knew now for certain that Sherlock did feel for him, Sherlock did feel those things. He could see that as fact as much evidence as the CCTV footage in front of them.  He didn’t want to see more. He just looked down at the console. John typed.
John followed the Younger John down the corridor, into Trauma.  He remembered this had been his first job after qualifying. He had come here before enlisting with the medical Corp.   John stayed back watching the scene unfold before him. He watched as his younger self took his role seriously. Clipping off an artery that was spurting blood at an alarming rate.  He himself didn’t remember this case. There had been too many, so much blood, so much death. But he watched in admiration as his younger self took control, working seamlessly as part of the team. Stabilising and subsequently saving the life of the man who had been knocked off his motor bike by a lorry. John spent the rest of the shift watching his younger self, the team he had worked with. He felt a sense of pride at how well he did his job.  The last case before the younger John went off shift was particularly harrowing, a man in his early thirties came in having over dosed at a party. The man was tall and thin, and although it had happened at a social event, the man was all alone. No one had arrived to offer him support, to hold his hand as he breathed his last.  John watched as his younger self rubbed his hands through his hair, sad that he hadn’t been able to do more.
John Looked up. “Ok, let me get this straight, I could go back to some point in the past. Change an action, do something different. Change my history, my present?”
“Ok. How does this work?” John felt an urgency, he wanted to do this. He wanted things to be good. With Sherlock, with, with everything.
Suddenly John froze in horror, Sebastian had unzipped his fly as Sherlock approached took out his cock that was already hard and stroked it languorously. Sherlock walked over, looked at Sebastian before falling to his knees in front of him. John turned away.
“No Mycroft. I erm. I tried to type in several things but nothing, nada,  the time machine bit works as you said. I could see myself in the past, but couldn’t do anything at all. You need to have someone sacked!”
John’s footsteps felt heavy as he made his way up to bed. Not even bothering with the bathroom, he stripped and laid under the duvet, his mind going around and round as he listened to the gentle notes of a haunting sad melody being played down stairs.
John glared. He had heard about Sebastian. He and Victor the only two men that Sherlock had really mentioned. He knew that they had gone to the same university. But he didn’t know much else, Sherlock had often gone very quiet when the name arose having never felt able to share this part of his life.   John just sat at a bench and watched the confrontation. That was what it seemed to be, Sebastian glaring at Sherlock, Sherlock glaring back, obviously perturbed by Sebastian’s presence.
As he stepped out of Speedy’s licking the crumbs from his lips, he froze….. “Shit, nooooo”, he glared at the black car, with its black windows, sitting there waiting.  The rear door opened, and he got in. No point in questions, rants or tantrums, he never won. Better to get it over and done with.  John smiled tightly at Anthea, as he fastened his seat belt. He had long since realised that communication was not part of the arrangement, he could ask, but she would ignore. He could glare, she would just smile in an absent sort of way. Instead he reached down and pulled a bottle of water from the on-board fridge that John knew was always stocked well with water and champagne. Christ, champagne? Why the hell would Mycroft feel the need to stock his car with a bottle of the finest Bollinger. Jesus, it probably cost him as much as a month of John’s rent.
“You’re aware of the unique opportunity your second gender presents you. And I was under the impression you were not averse to using your more singular attributes.”
Sherlock cut himself off. He grabbed John’s face between his hands and forced their eyes to meet. He pursued John’s face, searching for something that he must have found as the corners of his mouth tucked up into a quick, real smile. He squeezed John’s shoulders before shifting John to be propped up against the wall rather than Sherlock’s own body.
John remembered bits. Helplessly rutting against the bed. Trying to get any fiction. Craving any sort of touch. He had fumbled around with a Beta girl in his class a few weeks earlier. Her dainty hands and blue pained nails had teased him, running over the veins, just lightly touching. He’d never felt anything so fantastic.
“—Hours. And spend, what? Probably my yearly salary on a few suits. You take time and effort to make yourself look like that. You know why I dress. Well. Not like this.”
The urge to reach out and redo them was starting to burn under his skin as he studied Sherlock. He wanted to mark Sherlock all up. Worse this time, make sure some of it scarred. No one would be able to touch him and not see. Territorial instincts. John wanted to laugh at himself. He might as well ask Sherlock if he could piss on him at this rate.
“I’m sorry, Oliver,” John said softly, curving his voice into his most steady. “He passed during his last heat.”
It was nonsense. Out of all the things, a murdered Omega. He’d been invalidated, strapped into bombs, kidnapped, drugged, shot at, and dealt with Sherlock Holmes on a daily basis.
“Of course it is. As you said, it's all fine,” Sherlock rumbled, his eyes opening. He let go of John. “Now, which do you want on first, the bonding pin or the O-Lariat?”
Sherlock held himself still. He stood and crossed over to John. He squatted down to meet John’s gaze and covered John’s shaking hands.
“I left it at the flat yesterday so I would have a reason to go back and talk to the staff,” Sherlock continued.
John couldn’t be losing control over such simple things, especially when they had a case on. There wasn’t anything worse than imagining Sherlock telling him he didn’t suit the work anymore.  And if it took finding an Alpha to shove a cock up his arse to help him mellow out, he could manage it.
John dragged his nose back and forth over Sherlock’s scent gland and then sucked. Sherlock grunted and started grinding. His cock slipped through John’s robe pushing hotly against his thigh. Sherlock grabbed John’s legs and bent him, leaving him almost naked and gasping.
John shrugged and dumped the cups in the sink. Mrs. Hudson would wash them. “Okay. Right. The gray one might not be ready.”
The damp settled into his bones and his hair plastered against his forehead, letting water drip down his face. Walking back to the flat was going to be awful. Water was already staining up his jeans and the fire would need to be set to dry out his shoes.
“Unless you feel like dealing with my dead body, which I’m sure you’d have a laugh of a time with, having a real heat here is just not on.”
“Yeah. Same. It’s never going to let me provide for an Omega. But, you know, I thought why not? I could pay the fee. It’s a once in a lifetime chance. So. Thanks. Really. Just being in a room with you is more than I ever thought I’d get.”
“Be nice to your new husband. I’m already thinking about petitioning for a divorce. Would Mycroft even let me? Or would I end up in a skip?”
John Watson owed his life to daily pills and scent covers. He’d built his life on being able to ignore everything that made him an Omega and he faced a growing chasm carved out by instincts he’d never had to properly deal with. And now, he was hurdling down into them.
Sherlock sat in the dark of the flat, legs stretched out across the floor. His head hung off the back of the chair and his hands clapped together under his chin. His ratty pajamas made John wonder if he’d been sitting there since he’d bothered to wake up.
No. John wanted the toy back in his arse and he wanted to come and forget about this entire day that continued to go from one fucked up scenario to the next. The studies Sherlock had quoted earlier were true. Omegas in heat imprinted on the first Alpha they fucked and Alphas did the same. It was to ensure that the Alphas stayed throughout the heat. Utter rubbish that frotting on the floor with Sherlock counted.
It was strung up in John’s room drying. He had stumbled up the stairs last night, pulled it off, and dumped it right on top of a diffuser, trusting the neutralizer to work. It hadn’t, not really. The scents of other Omegas had woken him every time he managed to fall asleep. He would jerk awake, enraged that another Omega had entered his nest.
Liz lost focus. Her face scrunched and she counted out several breaths. She knocked Theo's hand away when he tried to comfort her.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Other studies implied that Omegas were unable to achieve orgasm alone during their heat if they had already copulated with an Alpha.”
“The question is,” Sherlock murmured, his eyes scanning the room. “Why isn’t the Alpha paying them off? An average contract in the UK starts at £100,000,000, that’s the least the Talbots could expect from the death of their son.”
John paused on his way to the fridge and returned to the sink. There might be hair on the scarf. Burning hair was one of the worst things John had ever had the displeasure of smelling. It would be hard to miss. And then Sherlock would notice. No good. John emptied the rest of the dish soap in and watched the water fill to the rim before turning it off.
True black nights belonged in Afghanistan after the base had hummed down with the sun and when the heat began to be sucked out into the open sky. It had been the first time he’d ever looked up and seen an expanse that just stretched, with no buildings or trees to frame it, and stars that were almost white in brightness. Sometimes he missed it with a desperation that was blinding.
“Despite my excellent control, I can assure you I am an Alpha.” Sherlock regarded their hands. He breathed in deeply, his eyes fluttering closed. John swallowed and Sherlock inhaled again. “I have found myself ill-equipped to deal with my instinctual reactions.”
Mrs. Talbot was up and advancing towards Sherlock. John lunged up and moved in front, his hands clenching and releasing, ready to lash out. Mrs. Talbot stopped short, her face darkening in fury. God, he wanted to hit her. Lay her flat out on her back, listen to her lungs struggle as the air was knocked right out. He’d never been able to do that to Hamish.
Embarrassment tinted his skin by the time he finished the form and handed the tablet off to Sam. He sat back down in the waiting room and leaned on one of the armrests, crossing his fingers.
Sherlock quickly brushed their cheeks together as John was too mortified to move and nudged him out of the interview. John stood in the hallway. Christ.  He closed his eyes and ignored his problem. That was twice today that Sherlock had set him off. It had happened before, right after they had moved in together.
“Brilliant, John.” Sherlock let out an excited gust. “Oh, that’s good. I had wondered. That’s why you go to the club. You need Alpha pheromones to get off. A quick shag with an Alpha on the club floor than off to a private room. And why you didn’t care at all last night about doing anything other than scenting. No Henry, no reason to.”
Sherlock’s cock slotted right next to John’s own, moving down and up, catching on some of the slick leaking down the curve of John’s arse. For a few blinding moments, John wished Sherlock slipped a bit further down. It had been so long since any Alpha had nudged inside to take care of him. And John was a good Omega. Such a good Omega. It wasn’t his fault he couldn’t trust Alphas to tend him.
“I mean, really.” Ayla leaned closer to John. “He does the same tricks. Watch. Oliver’s going to put his hand on the knee and start going down the thigh and back up. He’ll do it for several minutes. He likes to see if he can get the Alpha to yank him down.”
A fake grin broke across Sherlock’s face and John held back a groan. It was going to be one of those sham interviews.
“Help with what? He’s dead, isn’t he?” Oliver’s face crumpled and he sucked in another breath. “Fuck off.”
“I’m not ashamed of it,” John said. “If you’re looking to hold that over my head. You can stuff it. You could say I offered my services to the common British citizen, just as I do as a GP and as your brother’s assistant.”
Rubbing lube into every crease and rib the toy sported, John slicked it up and then fiddled with the settings. He opted for the gradually growing knot and a barely larger length. Any longer and it chanced to hit his O-gland, which was tucked just inside his vaginal cavity, and doing that without someone to provide aftercare was shite. Who was John kidding? Even with someone, it was shite. It was lucky if he got a pat on the shoulder after.
“Wait. Please don’t make a complaint,” Jenny rushed out. “You’re just the first Omega I’ve ever had come in with a job. It’s just a bit of a shock, really.”
O/B couples were a rather new phenomenon, only truly developing in the modern era along with synthesized Alpha pheromones and suppressants. Betas’ inability to properly scent and produce pheromones during sex ended up with the Omega partner feeling neglected and unfulfilled and unable to reach sexual satisfaction. It led to the dissolution of the partnership in every case unless a third-party Alpha was brought in.
John swallowed his pride when they got home. He bowed out as Sherlock stopped for a chat with Mrs. Hudson and gathered all the pamphlets he had tossed in the bin after his panic attack the day before. Sitting on his bed, he went through every single one.
“He’s not our killer,” Sherlock said as he and Lestrade entered the observational room. “You clearly share the same inclination.”
“Alright and how much did it cost you to let him play dress-up? At least a cool million,” George said giving John a shrewd examination.
Sherlock rumbled softly; a sympathetic noise meant to soothe John’s distress. John didn’t know what to make of it. He doubted Sherlock was actively choosing to pull on Alpha impulses. That was his fault too.
“To keep the Omega from injuring themselves in a haze, I suspect,” Sherlock said. “Are you going to make him repeat everything? He’s clearly uncomfortable discussing this.”
John had been a bit afraid of being sacked. Omegas in the workforce were already exceedingly rare and when they were, they were often in Omega focused occupations. The most popular profession was a Rut Tender, an Omega version of a prostitute, that cost upwards of one million pounds per hour to hire. Even then, there were only seventeen currently in practice. In traditional jobs there were even less. The UK claimed one other Omega doctor and they focused on researching Omega pheromones. Not a single other Omega was a GP at a clinic. No one needed John to be working.
“Though, I do wish you boys had not had a round on the rug. That’s going to need to be replaced and, really, now. All someone will need to do is stick their nose up here and know what the two of you have been up to.” Mrs. Hudson tapped her nose. “I may be past my prime but I could scent it all the way from the bottom of the stairs. What happens when a client stops by, Sherlock? Do you really want them pawing at John?”
John couldn’t help the near fond expression that stole over his face at Sherlock’s excitement. “Like Christmas, is it then?”
Henry Talbot’s parents lived in a white terraced house in Knightsbridge. Of course, they did. He should have figured. It was the most expensive neighborhood in London. Where else would Omegas live? They certainly weren’t popping around London’s east end.
“I didn’t kill him,” George said. “I went to take a shower to get the slick off. I suppose a copper wouldn’t know, would you? You know, Holmes. How messy it is. Fucking great when you’re in it, nothing else like it. Afterward, it’s like being covered in glue.”
Dr. Jones passed them over with a great look of relief. “These are the top recommended programs for heat assistance. There are, of course, quite a few more if you want to do more research and find a program on your own.”
“Alright.” John rocked again. “The flat bothers you though. When Alphas touch things in the flat. You go around after they leave and spray your scent.”
“It goes straight to the booked room,” Sherlock said. “I would have assumed you’d be familiar with these establishments.”
The gray suit rested across Sherlock’s bed. A brand-new pair of leather oxfords, displayed in their box, were collected on the side with a pair of red silk socks and a matching set of pants along with a clean white button-up. On the pillows rested an open wooden box cradling an O-Lariat with yellow gems in starburst patterns.
He had suffered through every Alpha doing a double-take as they passed his office door at the clinic. A few of them poked their head into the room with a confused expression as they spotted John instead of an obvious Omega. In an indoor space his scent had been like a beacon despite the diffusers that spritzed the hallway on timed intervals. That had continued for a good hour until a break in-between patients gave John enough time to completely neutralize it.
The flat smelled odd like John had taken a gander through a Beta perfume department. Too many artificial scents. He sneezed several times before giving in and digging out several extra nasal strips. Sherlock snagged one for himself. John snorted as Sherlock struggled to get it up his nose.
John cleared his throat and folded the paper. “I think I need to pop off now.” John stood up and brushed his cheek against Mrs. Hudson’s. Harry was the only other person he dared greet like that. “Thank you for the breakfast. It was thoughtful.”
John rolled down the cab’s window and tucked his head against the doorjamb. The relief the strip offered was mild. He still smelled the Alpha sweat over the damp air from London but it was muted, a ripple instead of the impact.
“Well, if Mr. Hudson was too far gone for a bit of fun I’d just crush some up and put it in a cup of coffee. I could give you a few more tips, but they’d require other substances. Does that work for you? Hard to know, but you seemed to do just fine with the cocaine.”
“Let me understand. You get me to bond so Sherlock stays safe while offering some Alpha a bribe for continuing to work with the British government.”
Sherlock in his chair. Legs spread wide. His prick standing tall and proud and hot through his fly. His large hands holding John’s arse apart. Maybe one of those on John’s cock instead, teasing at the crown. His steady, focused gaze on John as he moved up and down, coating Sherlock’s prick in slick.
Mycroft glanced down at his umbrella handle then back up at John. “Hm, no. Despite what Sherlock may think, I do notice when several million pounds worth of family jewels decide to go on a bit of a walk. I thought it was best to keep tabs.”
Also, there must be a funky paragraph somewhere, word kept making it disappear because it was between pages so I put two paragraphs together but after reading through it twice I could not find it for the life of me. Please let me know if you spot something funny!
Jealousy flared up. A bloke didn’t trim around his cock because he felt like it. John rumbled without noticing. Sherlock started making shushing noises and his own softer version of the rumble, trying to comfort John. That wasn’t good enough.
Mrs. Hudson slapped Sherlock’s hand away from the food. “Sherlock!” She scolded. “John eats first. Really, do you not have any care for your Omega?”
A whisper of delight floated along his skin. Alpha was feeding him. A smile broke on his face before he managed to cull it.
“Good afternoon,” Sherlock echoed. “Sorry, just wanted to check, that you must have an Omega to check in here?”
“It’ll have to do. You should have worn a jumper.” Sherlock strode forward before turning back and holding out his hand.
John swayed into a sitting position. The robe John had draped over himself had been replaced with something heavier, the Belstaff John recognized as he blinked blearily awake. Sherlock had, at some point, dragged his chair over to the couch while John slept. Autopsy reports were dumped on the coffee table, half of them askew on the floor.
John nodded. “It’s very much expected. A/O’s feel safest when their territory is clearly marked and established.” Sherlock liked to spray their door with some weird chemically enhanced version of his scent once a week. Everyone knew whose flat they were entering, to Mrs. Hudson’s chagrin. “With no other A/O in the household, Gabe will feel the need to compensate for it. It’s completely normal.”
The head of the toy pushed past the beginning of his inner folds, bobbing against the softer tissue, forcing John to hunch forward with choked moans. His legs trembled, and the knot pushed further out, opening him for more cum. His walls chased the feeling, squeezing the knot and the shaft and fluttering around the crown, trying to pull out an Alpha’s release.
“You do not call my Omega a frigid cunt,” Sherlock said, enunciating every word. He pulled John into a half hug. “Sorry,” he breathed into John. “I did not mean to alarm you.”
He stripped and checked himself out. His arse had trace amounts of slick still. His fingers stroked along his inner walls and his body accommodated him as he pressed a third finger in. He removed them. The dildo would be fine. He secured it to the chair using the optional wall attachment. Just to be a bit cheeky. He might as well enjoy something today.
With care, Noah selected the navy suit and stood by the privacy screen. John stepped behind it and stripped without fanfare. He dressed in the order Noah handed the suit over; trousers, followed by a crisp white shirt and the jacket.
“They’re still working. A bit. Hardly, actually. Enough for me to still pass as a Beta but I’ve only a few days left.”
The overcast skies and the endless lights of London held the night at gray as John stepped out. Sometimes, in the quieter suburban streets and the hidden in-between of modern buildings, the black was able to settle. Sherlock dragged them there to find criminals because that was where no one looked.
Sherlock’s building anger and frustration tinted his scent with a sharp metallic twang, almost like fresh blood. The hair on the back of John’s neck prickled and the panic that had been receding began to build again.
“He’s not,” John hurriedly corrected. Sally raised her eyebrows at him. “Not mine,” he clarified. “Just flatmates. I’ve said.”
“Please. Mycroft would have noticed far sooner if I pulled that much out of my accounts on a frequent basis. The withdrawal process for an Alpha is excessively brutal if they do become dependent. I have always sought to expand my mind, not hinder it,” Sherlock said.
“Yes. If the Alphas are bonded, they’re guaranteed to not force one. What’s a little infidelity after all, over dealing with the embarrassment of a lesser Alpha having a chance at an Omega. At least the Alphas on their way out think so.” She paused and sent a sharp look at Theo. “If I ever catch you. I will take you outside and shoot you like a dog.”
The fact that Henry’s parents were illegally selling his underage heats was not the reason they were there. Not that Alphas would have cared. They wanted to participate.
It was not perfect. It was fucking awful. John scraped his nails down Sherlock’s thin trail of hair on his stomach in a warning. Sherlock took no heed to the raised marks.
Sherlock opened his mouth and John talked over him. Last thing they needed was this prolonged because they were rude. “We were about to take lunch. Perhaps we could reschedule if you feel uncomfortable broaching the subject?” John said with another stretched smile.
Yarders walked by. Every single one of them stared. Sherlock draped his arm on the back of the seats and scrolled through his phone. John pursed his lips and leaned back. He flipped off the next Alpha that decided John’s lap was a point of interest.
John’s hand shook on the doorknob. He wanted to laugh at himself. Get a grip, Watson. He forced himself to turn the handle and step into the hallway and almost tripped over the neat pile of clothes that had been stacked on the hallway floor.
“One of the pieces is near two million. This sapphire one about half the value, though it is one of the oldest pieces in the family collection. I know it hasn’t been assessed in Mummy’s lifetime. She wasn’t very fond of it.”
Sherlock followed suit as John tapped his pockets down until he found a packet of Scent Me Not. They were small stickers coated in trace amounts of paralyzing gel that momentarily curbed scent production. He always carried them around just in case.
John saw Mrs. Taylor and Gabe out of his office and closed the door behind them. He rubbed his face. Already nearing seven and he still needed to talk to Sarah. He paged her office.
There was so much more he wanted. The impulses were there, ready to push forward the moment he stopped paying attention. Completely inappropriate.
Alphas draped themselves on chaise lounges and daybeds, letting the green lighting trace their figures. Most displayed their more singular attributes by forgoing articles of dress and using oil to give themselves a sheen. John strode by all of them, shaking off the stares that followed. He was not here for them.
“He spent all night pacing, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said. “It's why I thought. He was being all Alpha strutting up and down and wafting his aggressive pheromones about and his bits looked quite impressive!”
The Alpha only fucked him. Shoved his prick right up John’s arse and knocked him down on the bed, breathing wetly into his neck. Alphas were rubbish bed partners.
John blustered. He hadn’t meant to say that. Not at all. “Well, are you?” John doubled down. If he acted normal, hopefully, Sherlock would just accept the question at face value.
“It's no trouble,” Mrs. Talbot said, implying that it was anything but. “I am happy to meet friends of Henry’s.”
He needed to make the appointment. He could pick an Alpha out, and be in the safest environment possible. And if anything went wrong—well—right—at least he wouldn’t be murdered. Anything else he’d manage as he had. Christ. After eight aborted attempts he finally managed to dial and make an appointment—it was the right thing to do.
His prick pressed tightly against his zip. He used to love this, that he was able to get going so quickly. Made for a day or two of great wanking or a few fantastic rounds with whatever woman he had charmed into bed. After this cocked-up morning, John was scared to enjoy it. He had bloody well lost his mind. Even if Sherlock dismissed it John had still. Well. He had never wanted to be like those Alphas.
Hamish who had still shown up to rugby matches and bought icelollys in the summer even if he was pissed off his arse and taking Alpha’s bids for John’s heats. Harry who had stayed constant for a few years until drinking became more important than ‘Johnny’s cunt’ problem. Alpha’s who he thought enjoyed John turning into Alphas who just wanted to fuck an Omega and get their sodding knot off.
Finn quickly rubbed his wrists together, letting his personal Alpha scent bloom around him. He held his wrist out for John to take a gander. John stepped close and lifted Finn’s wrist to his nose and sniffed. Finn’s earthy notes were lighter than Sherlock’s, more akin to sandalwood, and a spark of ginger chased it--drawing John’s attention in. His eyes drifted shut and he let his nose linger with another soft inhale. That was alright. Finn shivered. The faint trace of arousal drifted between them. John let go and Finn offered another grimace.
At fifteen, two years after John had presented, it was clear as day that staying with Hamish was a non-option. John had looked around and realized his choices were limited. Omega approved housing was expensive, and that meant money. Lots of it.
The Beta receptionist, Jenny her name tag said, brightened and gave Sherlock a full wattage of a smile. “Good afternoon,” she said.
“Please refrain from making jokes at crime scenes,” Sherlock deadpanned. “It’s bad for my image as a consulting dog.”
“There’s a funded program to help employers adjust to Omega employees. They offer a full free service if you apply.”
“Did you two have a hot date?” Sally asked. She handed them each a lanyard. “Guv’s already been in for four hours.”
John paused when he got to the Belstaff. He shouldn’t. He really shouldn’t. Christ. He picked up the Belstaff and held it to his face. He breathed in deeply, taking in all the scents. Oliver’s scent was faint but it still whispered from where he had touched it. That wouldn’t do at all.
Finn blushed slightly. He fiddled with his flatware. “I mean. I’m not much of a catch for an Omega, am I?”
John laid down on the couch and draped it over his head, completely disappearing into the warm, familiar scent. Something in him settled, some wayward Omega instinct that John was too tired to puzzle out. It felt like coming home. He took the scent in again and finally, was able to close his eyes and sleep.
Lestrade cleared his throat and ran a hand over his jacket. Tabby rushed back to the table and sat herself down.
Sherlock sat down and John breathed in. A fresh drift of strong, heady Alpha curled into the kitchen. Sherlock probably hadn’t slept at all to smell like that. John’s body turned and he breathed in again. He caught himself before he managed a third. He used to hardly register how Sherlock smelled.
Scenting had been the first Omega instinct John had actively forced himself to unlearn after he fully presented. He had learned the hard way that it didn’t matter if he scoured his skin with neutralizer and drenched himself in Beta cologne if he shoved his scent around like an advert. Hamish had inadvertently spurred it on by gifting Alphas John’s favorite toys. He still vividly remembered eating breakfast only to look up and have an Alpha looming over him, with his Rubix cube clutched against their chest.
When he had sobered enough to connect the dots, he had grabbed everything and shoved it in the tub along with the strongest medical-grade neutralizer he owned and left it to soak. He had passed out the second he touched his sheets and only remembered about it when he had gone to take a piss in the morning. It was still rather damp.
Grudgingly, John picked up the man’s hand and raised it to his nose. He barely ghosted over it and the small area flooded with aroused Alpha pheromones. John gritted his teeth. Disgusting. He dropped the hand and rubbed his sleeve over his face.
“Quite. About half of the Alphas selected at A/O clubs are, mostly to Betas and a handful to Omegas.”
“Alright. Well. That poor sod isn’t.” John nodded towards the body. “It’s probably changed very little since I was that young. So. There should be straps, the doctors used to recommend those up to a year.”
John snorted and pushed past Sherlock to head to his room. He dressed quickly and with utter precision applied his scent neutralizers and Beta cologne. Those two steps were the most important part of maintaining a Beta front. As long as he scented like one, most people never looked twice. He gave himself a once over and joined Sherlock on the pavement.
John nudged Sherlock with his shoulder. “Try to look a bit less happy about it. We can’t be happy showing up to look at a dead Omega.”
John clearly saw what the tabloids would splash. ‘Confirmed Bachelor Watson Dies during Heat!’ or ‘Renowned Web Detective’s Omega Drowns in Own Slick! Read Now!’ Probably followed by the one picture of Sherlock in the bloody deerstalker that seemed to be in every article about them. He’d rather blow his brains straight out. He could make it all nice, lay out a plastic sheet in the tub, and leave the rest of his body for Sherlock to cut up into bits and put in the fridge. Easy clean up too.
“Only you would say getting your brains shagged out by an Omega would be a negative.” Lestrade turned to John. “Can you believe it?”
“I think they’re desperate for it,” Sherlock confirmed. “Beta perfume over neutralizer and no staff or even a cleaning service. Having an Omega comes with an expected lifestyle upkeep that Mrs. Talbot isn’t providing.”
John should be a good flatmate and piss off. Head down to Mrs. Hudson and have a cup of tea. Maybe eat the untouched dim sum. It was wank courtesy, wasn’t it? Ignoring his flatmate getting off in the middle of the room. John set down the shopping on the landing and nudged the door further open. His hands pulled at his belt, quietly undoing the buckle.
“Good afternoon. My name is Noah,” Noah said, holding his hand out. He wore a three-piece suit, like all the other shop employees, and two tape measures hung around his neck. “I’m one of the in-house cutters. I’ll be the one going over the measurements with you today.”
“Bobby was killed too precisely for a first-time murderer,” Sherlock said, leaning forward. “Most killers butcher the first body they try to kill. They never account for the actual physical body and what happens when someone dies. Fluids and all those bits get messy. Bobby’s death had to be planned out and executed without a hitch in the time span of a shower with minimal noise—thus likely not the first. Or our murderer got a lot of practice somewhere else.”
John flexed his fingers under Sherlock’s grip. They had spent the entire ride over holding hands, their wrists bumping together and teasing the space between them with potential. John had been rather thankful to be out until he realized where they were.
The pamphlets glared up at John with obnoxiously bright colors and featured euphemisms like ‘Find the Alpha for Your Special time,’ floating over buff smiling Alphas. John turned one over in near disbelief. They had to be taking a piss.
“I think I opened them when I bought them and decided I just didn’t like them as much as I remembered. You know how it goes. Somethings only taste good in memory.”
“Mummy would never allow it,” Sherlock said, continuing to text. “It’d have to be Holmes-Watson. If you wanted to keep your last name.”
John narrowed his eyes. Now it was Dr. Watson. Mycroft knew bloody well what John was asking. He drank the rest of the water.
“Alright. That was.” John sat back a bit. It had been a long while. Maybe even not since he started. “Was it ’89 when suppressants became legal beyond medical emergency?” Dr. Jones gave him a nod and a slight look of disbelief. “Alright. Before ’89 then.”
Another thing John would need to buy. He hadn’t even thought about a guard. Not that it would do anything. An Alpha could just rip it right off. An Alpha could just kill him.
“Interesting. I’ve been reliably informed by countless therapists that failure to participate in casual scenting as an Alpha is a clear hallmark of sociopathy and an overall detriment to my continuing good health.”
Sherlock flicked his eyes over John. “You’re in work clothes. That won’t do,” Sherlock informed him.
“It was rare, a day going by where we didn’t see a feral on patrol or see one of our own starting to show symptoms. If an Omega presented anywhere that wasn’t, well, protected, you’d find their body. It’d just be left out. Along with a few shot up Alphas.”
“Genetics are fickle. As long as both you and your husband had a distant A/O relative the possibility was always there.”
John’s arousal was near painful as he watched with rapt attention as the head of his cock disappeared and reappeared under his grip. His slick squeezed out between his fingers, dripping down to the sheets.
“Yes. Mind-numbly simple to solve. They only called me in because an Omega brought in the case. A missing Alpha who had developed an addiction to Omega pheromones. His bondmate had had cancer and had opted to have their scent glands surgically removed for a higher chance of survival. The Alpha was being held ransom by his dealer—apparently over 700k in debt and in withdrawal when I uncovered him. He was in a bad way.”
The whiskey burned down John’s throat as a young Omega languidly stroked down Sherlock’s arm. The posh cunt was only wearing trousers and an O-Lariat that trailed down into his arse. The green lighting in the club tinted his skin as he leaned over Sherlock, putting their faces centimeters apart. He pressed a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s cheek and Sherlock said something. The Omega’s pale fingers trailed down to Sherlock’s cuff and then dipped against his skin, rubbing their wrists together and mixing their scents.
“No. That you look, well, normal. I’d be able to have a pint with you down at the local. Takes a bit of the pressure off. Oh! I forgot. I should have spent more time looking at the form. I just never thought. Here. Sorry.”
The Omega blinked at him before laughing. “Yeah, mate. Not much else to do.” He tapped the bonded pin on his suit. “Need help collecting someone?”
John exhaled and Sherlock continued to instruct John on breathing until Lestrade came back; as if talking John through a panic attack was an everyday occurrence.
“Fuck. Yeah. I might.” Oliver fumbled his phone out of his pocket and started tapping. “Right,” he said after a few minutes. “His heat doctor was David Wood. Shite. Will that actually help?”
“Father used to do this for Mummy,” Sherlock said with a punched out quality to his voice. “He’d drop everything the moment she asked. I thought it would be excessively tedious to prioritize this, but the pheromones you release is—it’s obvious why Omega pheromones are over 10,000 euros per gram.”
His fingers tapped against his knees. The street lights were still on. It was raining and it was early enough that he could still hear it chattering with the pavement. He shifted and through the dim he spotted Sherlock’s blue dressing gown abandoned on the coffee table.
Those words were like water in the desert. John whined before he realized. Sherlock pulled back his wrist and dug his fingers in, spreading his scent into the room. John’s body reacted almost instantly.  Sherlock—Alpha was here. It was alright.
John nudged the bow off and slid a knife under the tape to unwrap the box. The present was an I-pad and a set of concert tickets.
Did Sherlock get off while John was trying to wheedle the phone number? He wouldn’t have missed it. Had he, though? It’s not like Sherlock had been loud the few times they had gotten off together. He peaked at Sherlock’s crotch. The Belstaff hid it.
“Hm. You know,” John said when Noah had left. “Now that I’ve had about twenty minutes to think about it, I think I like Watson over Holmes. Mr. and Mr. Watson sounds much better than Mr. and Mr. Holmes.”
“I’m not a dog,” Sherlock said after him. “Honestly. I have more brainpower than everyone in this room combined. ‘Stay here, Sherlock,'” Sherlock exaggeratedly mimicked.
Sherlock shook his hands through his hair. “I should have ordered more. I wasn’t anticipating this case being more than a few days. I wonder if they can fill something short notice.”
John was a boy again. Hamish was leaning over him, yanking him by his collar. The cloying, sickly scent drowned him, pouring down his throat like sand, forcing him to choke. John made some sort of noise and then Sherlock was there, dragging his own scent glands over every spot Noah had touched until it was just Sherlock. John breathed through his mouth.
“Apologies, John,” Sherlock said. John almost thought he sounded chagrined. “I’ll go get the tea. Sit with him,” Sherlock instructed Lestrade as he stood up.
John’s grin sharpened. “You know on my way to school I passed by four different heroin dealers who’d sell you a bag for a fiver? And at least one shooting gallery.”
Almost all the Omegas John had had the joy of meeting tended to one of the two extremes, they were either extremely pliant, hanging onto their Alpha for dear life, or acted like superior demanding cunts.
John stepped away despite Sherlock’s continued protests. It was all a big cock-up. He headed to the loo, not once glancing back.
The knot looked large. It would feel nice up his arse as it filled out, stretching him. It’d feel nice now. It had been a long time since he’d been bounced on someone’s prick. Alphas never let him. A Beta had. Once. If Sherlock sat down, John could probably persuade him to let John help himself.
Sherlock lifted the back of John’s bathrobe and ran a metal spatula against his arse, collecting slick. Sherlock went over several times, each time depositing whatever he scraped up in the test tube.
Sarah nodded. “I’m more worried about covering your heats. I’m afraid I know very little about them. I never thought the information would be helpful. How long or how frequent, do you know?”
Hormones needed an hour to start counteracting his heat. It would only numb a handful of the more extreme symptoms, like leaking slick all over the floor. His hypersensitive sense of smell and his rawer Omega instincts would remain on display. He tossed the empty dose to the floor and scrubbed his hands over his face.
Sherlock slid two fingers down John’s neck until it rested above his scent gland. His pulse jumped as Sherlock kept his fingers still while he dug around in his pockets before producing a ring box. He popped it open with one hand and nudged out a diamond pin the size of a five pence. He pinned it right where his fingers were and admired it, smoothing out the nearby fabric. He fetched a second identical pin out and secured it over his own scent gland.
“John,” Her voice turned soft, consoling. He hated that voice. He used it himself when dealing with irrational patients. She had to think he was being an uncooperative cunt. “If either of us pursued this outside of a government-funded and approved trial, we would both lose our licenses for something that, with current actual data for, we could harbor a guess of working for maybe one more year. If that.”
“She wasn’t dating anyone,” Liz said firmly. “Omega’s don’t date or have romantic commitments unless a family is very well off.”
John let out a frustrated grunt and pulled himself off the toy. He gasped at the sudden emptiness and in relief at the same time as the constant hovering right on the precipice faded. That was supposed to get him off—it always did during his suppressed heats. Had to be the angle.
The dress she wore hardly helped matters. It was opaque and showed off her lack of undergarments. Her O-Lariat framed her breasts and made it hard not to look. Which was probably the entire point of it. He may have looked at her chest and then felt like a right old pervert. And then equally thankful that Sherlock hadn’t been tempted to put John in the male version of the dress. He could be sitting here in a translucent suit with gems framing his bits as he froze his arse off.
Hamish had died when John was on his first tour. Harry had sent a postcard saying he was up for cremation and that had been that.
The door to John’s room swung open. John jerked up. Hamish fumbled finding the light switch and only managed when he bumped into it.
“There you go. Knowing my history should erase whatever sentiment you’re stuck on regarding my virtue.”
The taxi ride took another twenty minutes before pulling up to a modern building with a glass and polished stone front. Sherlock loomed by the front doors, texting. He looked up from his phone and pocketed it as John walked up to him.
Alpha pheromones were undeniable. There was no replacement for them. Or the large hot prick that stretched him to the point of breaking, to where all he could do was lay there and let his muscles contract and contract as he blacked out, pleasure rippling over his entire body.
Gabe reached up and grabbed at his mum’s neck before smashing their cheeks together and cutting her off. He rubbed their faces together, babbling with childish enthusiasm. She let out a long-suffering sigh and pulled him back into sitting. John held himself back from the impulse to sniff the air.
“Shh,” Tom said when John tested his hold. Tom ran his hand down John’s back. “There’s a good Omega. I know you’re still too young for a real heat. I wanted to get to know you before then.”
The interior of the restaurant was forged from dark wood and low hanging lamps that left barely enough room to see anything properly. Half-moon booths covered in a rich red velvet were the only seating options available. They were spaced far apart and turned so that unless John really looked at them, he couldn’t make out the occupants. Mycroft led them to the very back of the venue and sat down after John.
“You have access to the same studies and journals I do. There’s nothing new for suppressants for older Omegas.”
Mrs. Talbot returned with an Omega man at her back. The Omega, Mr. Talbot John assumed, carried the tea tray in slightly shaky hands. The top of the pot rattled until he set it down on the coffee table.
There was a reason Omegas had chaperones that were either bonded Omegas or Betas. Not that it would have made a difference. Hamish, as John’s family Alpha, had the right. For John’s safety, according to parliament. Hamish never hit, but he dragged and pulled and demanded and threatened and on bus days John always just stood on the pavement, Harry next to him, and stared at rows of white terraced flats.
“Yeah. Yeah, it is.” George shifted. “Am I going to be stuck here the full twenty-four hours?” George asked Lestrade, addressing him for the first time since John and Sherlock entered.
