“She didn’t realize she was taking such serious action,” Sherlock replies.  “She may seem like an adult, but she doesn’t really have the logic processing of one.   Either way, I’m fine now, so there’s no problem.”
“Help me,” John says to Greg, suddenly desperate to leave this place. He’s lived without his mother for most of his life; he doesn’t need her now. He doesn’t want to be with her, not here. “Please, Greg.”
Sherlock’s eyes close and he leans his head into the touch. He lets out a shuddering breath and something deep in John’s stomach twists.
The sound of dishes clinking against each other is coming from the kitchen, and it’s familiar and not familiar all at once, considering that John himself is usually the source of the noise. Such a sound coming from Sherlock is worrying at best, and John rubs his forehead, wondering what Sherlock’s getting up to in there, and hoping that whatever it is, he doesn’t leave too big a mess.
The man huffs in frustration.  Up ahead, John can see his apartment, and he is grateful, to say the least, that he can get out of both the rain and this frustrating conversation.
“Mycroft got hold of you when you collapsed, then searched for me and freed me. Once I escaped the room, I was free to grant your wish, and here we are.”
“She wished for me to save you and to heal your back. The cost of her wish was your wounds. She gladly paid it, and so you were given a choice you wouldn’t normally have had. You saw Lestrade, didn’t you?”
“Just a little,” John admits. “You –” John clears his throat and shifts in his chair. He looks away for a moment, then looks back with resolve on his face that Sherlock is unaccustomed to seeing directed at him. “That was the most beautiful thing I’ve ever heard,” he says. He pauses for a moment before continuing. “I haven’t heard you play in so long. That was – Christ, Sherlock, that was incredible. That was
“Just as I thought,” John whispers to Mrs. Hudson. “It wasn’t his choice to come inside. Sherlock must trick everyone.” Mrs. Hudson gives him an amused smile, but she doesn’t reply.
“I heard it’s extra delicious this year,” one of them says. It’s an absurdly large head resting on two stumpy legs walking just ahead of them.
Sherlock shakes his head, a small smile twisting his lips. “In a manner of speaking.” He shifts closer to John in the water and reaches out to rest his hand on John’s bad shoulder, giving it a bit of a squeeze. “How’s your shoulder?” he asks.
John comes home from work early. His last few patients have canceled, and he can’t stand the way everyone there
“Sherlock?” John murmurs, and when Sherlock turns and John’s hand falls away, John’s wearing that amused, soft smile again. It almost makes up for the lack of warmth along Sherlock’s spine where John’s fingers just pressed.
Sherlock giggles, covering his hand with his mouth, and Mycroft smiles, then takes him by the shoulder and turns him away from the door.
“But you came back, John, and you’re finally here and I’m trying to make you happy, but I don’t know how. And now you’re thinking of leaving and maybe you really will if I keep talking, but when I look at Iris, I see you, and I see all of the mistakes that I’ve made, but I see
John wants to protest. He wants to say that this isn’t how flatmates should act, that this isn’t how employees and employers should act, that this isn’t even how
John’s jaw clenches as he watches him go, his irritation building and mixing with the pain in his shoulder. “Why, because I’m so thick I can’t bloody understand it? Is that it?” he calls into the kitchen.
“Thank you,” John says. He’s still trying to process all that she’s said, and he feels a bit overwhelmed. “That was – that was amazing. What do I owe you?”
A few days later, John’s reading the paper, as usual, and Sherlock gets a text. A few in a row, sent urgently, and his eyes light up.
“I’m not pissed!” Sherlock says, but the way he’s melted into his chair says otherwise. “Anyway, I can make a sobriety potion,” he adds petulantly. “It’ll only take a minute. I just need to get some leaves from one of my plants.”
Sherlock has come to measure his life in the things he cannot say, in the words he keeps deep under lock and key, buried inside himself.
Sherlock’s heart skips a beat at the thought of next time. He can already feel his cock stirring even though he’s only just come, and he trails his fingers up and down John’s spine, imagining all the different things they can do together.
Sherlock’s hands are shaking, just a little. John takes the teapot from him and is surprised when Sherlock lets him. He finishes filling it with water and sets it on the stovetop before finally looking at Sherlock.
Just like the last time, though, Mrs. Hudson opens the door before he has the chance, smiling at him. “Oh, hello dear. It’s lovely to see you again! Go on up, then, I’ll bring some tea. Sherlock’s in a bit of a strop, though, I should warn you,” she says, patting John’s shoulder and then bustling off to 221A.
“That’s difficult to answer,” Sherlock says. “I guess you could say it’s a different world; the world of the spirits.”
He keeps walking, a sense of urgency falling over him as he follows the sound. The voice is familiar, but he can’t place it, and he feels like he has to get to its source as soon as possible. He walks fast, so fast he’s just considering all out running instead, when finally, he sees a woman standing in the distance. His eyes widen at her familiar form and he stops in surprise when he’s a few steps away.
“What do you usually do when you go to Diagon Alley or hospital or places like that?” John asks once they’re upstairs. “Is it always that bad?”
“Come lie down with me,” John says.  He turns back the duvet and crawls into Sherlock’s bed as if he’s always slept there and Sherlock eagerly gets in beside him. John lies flat on his back and holds his arm out to the side, inviting Sherlock to curl up beside him. Sherlock does, throwing an arm around John’s waist, tangling their legs together, and resting his head on John’s chest where he can hear the reassuring thump of John’s heart beneath his ear. John kisses the top of his head and shifts his leg back and forth soothingly against Sherlock’s.
“But you still have a bad habit,” Sherlock says, setting his tea cup down and leaning forward, steepling his fingers in front of his chin. “How old are you?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  “Don’t be dull, John.  Keep up.  He has a job for you; you have to deal with a hydrangea.”
As soon as he crosses the threshold, he’s plunged into a cold, mysterious darkness. It’s exactly like he remembers, and it threatens to pull him under for a moment, overwhelming in its intensity. He puts his hand in his pocket, though, and pulls out the handkerchief. He clutches it tightly, and the worn fabric against his skin makes him think of Sherlock. Memories come to him unbidden, pushing the darkness out of his mind.
Sherlock looks up at him, his eyes open and serious. “Yes,” he says. “Body and soul. The spirits were very…thorough.”
, Sherlock had said. Sherlock told him he was alive, and he wouldn’t lie, not to John, would he? But John feels it, a sliver of doubt creeping into his heart; John had met Greg on the roof, too, and Greg is dead.
The voice is bright and full of a strange, singsong inflection, and John looks in the direction it comes from and sees a man standing to the left of the web. The man steps out of the shadows with a maniacal grin. He’s dressed in a perfect suit, similar to the ones Sherlock wears, but he’s wearing a tie, too, and his hair is slicked back neatly on his head.
“Anyway,” Sherlock says, turning back to the man, who had been looking in the direction of the kitchen quizzically but turns back to Sherlock when he speaks. “I’d like to hear your wish.”
“You won’t know unless you try,” Sherlock says. He sounds testy. “Besides, you’re getting a bit desperate now, aren’t you?”
“Mm, you awake, love?” John says, his voice scratchy. Sherlock relishes the sound, breathes it in, doesn’t think he can speak. Instead, he nods, his cheek shifting against John’s chest.
He breaks their eye contact for a moment, scanning the street for a break in cars, but there isn’t one. He’s relieved that John hasn’t moved – John is still standing on the other side of the street, but his face looks wary now. Sherlock stands straight and brushes some of the rain off his face, but it’s useless; it’s constantly dripping from his sopped curls, and his hands are too wet to be of any use, but he doesn’t care – it’s just
“I told you not to do anything stupid,” Sherlock says. “I told you -” Sherlock’s voice cuts out, and then the line goes staticky, a few bits and pieces of words cutting through that John can’t understand until there’s nothing but a dial tone. He sighs and hangs the phone up, then covers his face with his hands and lies down on the couch, Redbeard curled around his neck, slithering back and forth against his skin and kissing him every chance he can get.
Sherlock opens his eyes, and he’s not prepared to see the raw emotion on John’s face, the shining eyes, the intensity of his gaze.
Sherlock’s breathing is shallow, and he feels as if he’s outside his own body. “Yes,” he breathes, and it’s scarier, somehow, than it had been to jump off the roof of St. Bart’s.
Sherlock huffs and makes one last defiant screech in the man’s direction before turning and putting his violin away.
“No, this is bloody mad,” he says, but he’s following her up the stairs nonetheless. He feels panicky again, a few beads of sweat forming at his temples. Why are his legs moving? “I’ve no idea why I’m here, I should go-”
Luckily, they only walk for a moment before Sherlock says, “Ah, this will do,” and reaches out, opening a door he seems to create out of thin air.  He gestures John through first again, and John goes, stopping in shock when he realizes they are in an alleyway across from Mary’s house, which he’s seen only in pictures when she’d moved there the week before.  He stumbles when Sherlock steps through and walks right into his back, but quickly moves forward.
By the time John’s shift at the clinic is over, he’s gritting his teeth against the pain in his shoulder. It’s acute, driving him to distraction. He’s so eager to get home that he takes a cab, even though it costs him quite a bit more than he’d planned on spending.
“Come again!” they say, waving, and then suddenly, without warning, John is standing alone in the middle of an empty intersection, surrounded by nothing but the dark night and a few flickering streetlights, no sign of the strange food cart anywhere around him.
The fortuneteller nods. “You’ve always been very independent, and full of a strong spirit. You’re always looking forward, trying to do your best no matter what the situation.”
“Stubborn Gryffindor,” Sherlock manages, and then he winces. “Don’t talk,” he says. His voice is quiet, and he doesn’t turn on a light. He goes to the old musty couch in the dark and curls up on it, face against the back, knees tucked into his chest. There’s no movement or sound from John for a moment, until he takes the heavy blanket from the back of the couch and lays it over him.
It’s warm and toasty inside, and Sherlock hums with pleasure as his limbs start to feel less frozen. He looks around with wide eyes at all the cakes and treats lining the counters. Merry chefs are diligently mixing dough and decorating and preparing cakes with many tiers and cookies and colorful things Sherlock has never seen before, all the while smiling and chatting away cheerfully.
“John,” Sherlock says. “When I –” He pauses, rethinks his words. This does nothing to make John less worried. “I caused you great pain,” Sherlock finally says. “At that time, I thought only of my own pain, and nothing of yours. And when I realized -” He stops, shakes his head. “Sometimes, we have unrealistic expectations. And then, when we realize exactly how unrealistic they are, we are forced to –
,” Sherlock says vehemently. “Yes, I can fix it. Of course I can. Your magic is… it’s warm, John, it’s very warm, like the sun, and it’s gold. It’s beautiful. It’s - ” He pauses, startled; he hadn’t meant to say that. He clears his throat, uncomfortable, feeling redness creeping into his neck. He doesn't dare look at John. “The curse on your leg is tarnishing your magic, keeping you from using it to your full potential, and obviously affecting your leg. It’s from a Death Eater, right? I can’t think of anyone else who’d use such a dark curse.”
“You’re brilliant,” John murmurs, his lips just below the shell of Sherlock’s ear. Gently, so gently, he kisses him again, lets his nose brush against Sherlock’s cheek. “I love you,” he murmurs, his voice soft, barely a whisper, and he hadn’t meant to say it, he really hadn’t, but after everything that’s happened, feeling this man pliant and alive in his arms right now is everything to him, and he shifts to press a warm, open mouthed kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “I thought you were dead,” he says a moment later, the words soft in the warm air between their mouths, his heart beating fast and panicked, his breath hitching. “Christ, Sherlock, I thought you were dead.”
They go through the door again and end up in the mysterious darkness of Sherlock’s closet. John feels relief flood over him; the cloying smell of the tunnels is rendered much stronger in its blissful absence. He’s not sure where to go, but he thinks the most fruitful way forward will probably be to think of Sherlock and find a new door.
John’s hands hover over the urn for a moment and he looks up at Sherlock questioningly until Sherlock rolls his eyes and takes John’s hands in his, placing them around the urn, just below the opening. Sherlock keeps his hands over John’s, his long fingers curled around John’s wrists. John’s surprised when they stay, and he’s suddenly very aware of every miniscule movement in his fingers and every point in which Sherlock’s skin touches his.
John wants to hear it over and over and over. He shifts and tugs on Sherlock’s hand until he can pull him down the hallway to the bedroom. John pulls him inside, their fingers laced together, and Sherlock follows, cups John’s face as soon as they’re standing beside the bed, ducks his head down for a kiss. John kisses him back and the feeling of Sherlock’s skin beneath his hands is intoxicating, but he pulls away from the kiss, winding his fingers into Sherlock’s hair to keep him close. “You’re stunning,” John murmurs, eyes sweeping over Sherlock’s cheeks, flushed with desire. Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed and he kisses John again, short and sweet.
“Is that so?” Sherlock asks.  He phrases it more like a statement than a question, and he doesn’t sound surprised.  “Invite her, then.  She can meet you there.  Sounds like a lovely date, doesn’t it?”
“Oh, bugger,” John says, crumpling the bag he’d brought his sandwich in and standing as well. “Back to work, I guess.”
Innocently resting atop the kitchen table is the black bandana Greg gave him, the skull and crossbones bright against the dark fabric. He stops to take it without a second thought and holds it tightly in his hands, and then closes his eyes and pleads desperately to whoever and whatever might be listening that he can do this.
To his surprise, though, John closes his eyes and laughs, shaking his head, swiping at his eyes. Sherlock is left standing in the middle of the sitting room, wringing his hands, staring at John. John smiles at him, and his eyes are suspiciously shiny.
Daddy calls them over and Sherlock goes eagerly, especially when he notices that he’s moved on from Great Uncle Alfred to talk to Gran. Sherlock rushes forward ahead of Mycroft, and lets Gran kiss his cheeks, giving Mycroft a triumphant look when she does so because she takes the sweets out of her pocket and lets him choose first.
John chuckles, slow and warm, and Sherlock feels it underneath his cheek and nuzzles into it. “Nobody’s perfect,” John says, his voice light.
John huffs, unsure, looking back and forth between the two of them once more, but gives it up as a lost cause.
“But you certainly help with mine,” Arthur says. He grins. “Anyway, you’ve been kind enough to let an old man take up a lot of your day already; I’m sure you have a lot to do.”
Slowly, some of the tension leaves him, his palms stop pressing into his eyes, and his arms, heavy like they are weighed down by lead, circle his legs. He lets himself rest against John’s leg as his eyes drift closed, and he focuses on John’s fingers, carding through his hair. The ennui slides away to be replaced with sensation, with a fog of pleasure he doesn’t understand. It’s like he’s drifting away, like nothing matters but
Grateful for her assistance, John follows her to the door, and together, they leave her cabin. The sounds of the door snicking closed and their footsteps on the stone path seem louder than usual; John’s adrenaline is already heightened. They follow the path back to where the lake lies, calm and placid in the afternoon sun. John relishes the sharp sounds of insects buzzing through the air, focuses on the sensation of a warm breeze ruffling his hair. Across the clearing, he sees the spot where he’d gone with Sherlock to arrive at Mycroft’s house, but they don’t go that way. Instead, they head past the lake and walk through the soft grass without talking, following the edge of the forest.
They press their hips together again, the barrier of clothing removed from between them, and John moans into the kiss, eager for more, his nerve endings on fire at the touch of Sherlock’s cock to his own. He urges Sherlock down on the bed, and Sherlock sits on the edge, then shuffles back until he’s lying down, propped up on his elbows near the pillows so he can look at John.
By the time they catch up to the group, they’ve already reached the bottom of the hill they’d just been standing atop, and they slow to the sedate pace of the spirits in line. The night is dark, but the ethereal light of the lanterns is warm and inviting. John glances at Sherlock with a smile, taking in the way the warm light reflects on his features. Sherlock’s pinky is pressed against his, and it’s soothing, feeling Sherlock so nearby in such a strange place.
“Oh, good idea,” Sherlock says in approval. He thinks making their friendship official is just what they should do. He holds his arms out and looks down at himself, and frowns. “Er – oh! I know!” He unties the belt of his dressing gown, then slides it out of the loops and gives it to John, who takes it with a grin.
He holds the broken end of an arrow Sherlock had given John over his head, and John stares in shock, then turns to look at Sherlock, who gives him a small half-smile that makes John’s eyes widen. The monsters are murmuring again –
,” Sherlock says, awe coloring his voice. His eyes are wide as he stares at John, and John steps towards him, feeling like his body is moving of its own volition. John doesn’t hesitate when he reaches him; he wraps his arms around him and clutches him, burying his face in Sherlock’s coat, breathing him in. Sherlock is still, surprised, for just a fraction of a second before he eagerly reciprocates, holding John close, pressing his face in John’s hair.
Sherlock goes and grabs his coat from where it’s hung on the back of the flat door and John just shakes his head and stands in the kitchen doorway, sipping his coffee and watching as Sherlock sets Billy down for a moment to put on his coat. Sherlock takes the time to put on his scarf as well, now that autumn is beginning to feel more like winter, and John can’t help but think of what an elegant figure Sherlock makes with his long coat and blue scarf. Sherlock picks Billy up again, but instead of going out the door like a normal human being leaving for a trip, he heads past John to his bedroom, winking at John.
Mary hesitates, ripping off a piece of her sandwich and holding it between her fingers for a moment before looking up at John. “Have you seen any spirits or anything?” she asks. “Maybe without Sherlock here, something has-”
The spirit follows him into his office. It doesn’t touch him, just sits beside him, giving the impression that it’s staring at him despite the fact that it has only a mouth on its eyeless face. John finds this almost worse than an attack. He’s not sure what to do; he’s at a doctor’s office, so he can’t feign illness, but he doesn’t think he can handle being in such close proximity to this…this
Sherlock rolls his eyes and stands up. He’s wearing a dark blue dressing gown, the voluminous sleeves of which nearly cover his hands. It trails on the floor behind him as he approaches John.
“That’s… well…”   He pauses and clears his throat. “Nevertheless, Mummy called in Healers at least once a week, sometimes more. One of them said that I have a rare disorder that sometimes shows up in pureblood families that no one ever talks about because purebloods generally like to pretend they’re
“John,” Sherlock says, eyeing him carefully from a few feet away. “Could you really not tell that he’s not human?”
Sherlock can’t help but smile, some of the tightness in his heart unclenching a little bit. “Yes, well. I suppose I’ve always been a bit of a dick. Everyone thought it was accidental and wouldn’t believe me when I tried to explain that I did it on purpose, that I could feel magic everywhere and all I had to do was manipulate it with my own magic and make it do what I want. They didn’t get it, and it scared them, so they pretended it wasn’t happening.”
It has been this way since he was a boy, this feeling of pure terror as a cloud of darkness trails behind him. A cloud of meaningless voices and teeth and eyes, formless spirits and ghosts that it seems only he can see, is familiar and ever-present in his life. They’re descending upon him now, the same as they always do when he goes outside - something he rarely does.
Gingerly, he lets his fingers drift over the violin once more, his heart picking up speed, but he doesn’t dare let them close around the familiar shape, doesn’t dare let them lift it out of its enclosure. He carefully closes the case, tenderly re-clasps it, and puts it back where it sat beside the couch.
Sherlock waves John away with relief and John takes his bags and heads up the stairs, sneaking a glance at Sherlock over his shoulder, and then finally, once John is gone, Sherlock turns to look down at her,
Sherlock shakes his head, feeling his eyes well with tears. “I don’t want breakfast! I want John back!”
,” John says, and he looks at Sherlock with such warmth that Sherlock wants to curl around him again. “Of course not. Just. If you keep – I’ll –” He takes a deep, shaky breath, and takes his hand away from Sherlock’s face to scrub at his eyes. It comes away wet, but he puts it back on Sherlock’s face and opens his eyes again, looking at him with such an open expression that Sherlock can hardly breathe.
And then he sits up in a panic, his fingers tightening around Redbeard’s tiny body. He holds the little pipefox out in front of his face, blinking at him as Redbeard just chirps curiously, his tail sliding back and forth over John’s wrist. John gulps in air and looks around him, his heart pounding in his ears when he realizes that he’s in Sherlock’s bedroom.
. He opens his eyes a moment later, and nods. “Continue,” he says desperately, voice ragged. “Please.”
“Ooh, I’d be careful if I were you, Sherlock, he seems a bit worked up,” Billy warns, and John turns to glare at him again as Sherlock merely smiles.
He looks around, startled, and then the voice speaks again. “Down here!” it says, and John almost drops the skull in his hands when he feels its jaw moving against his hands.
“Me too,” another says from beside it. It’s a very pale one-eyed human-like shape, wrapped in a thick red cloak. “I can taste it already!”
He trudges up the stairs and drips all over them, already dreading the mopping up he’ll have to do once he’s dried off. He pauses outside the door. He hears music, but it’s not Sherlock. Instead, it’s a recording, something classical he doesn’t know. That’s rare for Sherlock; John wonders if perhaps they have a visitor, and he sighs as he pushes open the door.
Sherlock looks down. “Oh. Right,” he says, and then they look at each other and laugh, a secret tender mirth passing between them, and Sherlock welcomes the bloom of warmth in his stomach.
The spirit turns toward John with its wide grin and winks before opening its mouth around the top of the girl’s head. It floats down her body, its wormlike shape surrounding her for a moment, before it disappears, dissolving into her body. John swallows down bile rising in his throat and watches, but nothing changes. The girl looks paler than before, but otherwise, she doesn’t seem to have noticed. “Let’s go home,” she tells her friends, her voice shaky, and John turns and hurries down Baker Street until he’s reached 221B. He pounds on the knocker until Mrs. Hudson opens the door.
“Thank you,” he whispers, tamping down the doubts inside of him that say this might not work. He’s scared, yes, but he clings to that and he’s even grateful for it because it means he’s doing something meaningful, something that’s so important to him he’s reduced to a terrified mess in the face of it. He clears his throat, knowing he needs to speak more clearly.
“Maybe we should –” Mummy begins, smoothing Sherlock’s hair back and addressing Daddy, but Mycroft interrupts.
“John, don’t touch it,” Sherlock says, but John touches it anyway, eager to make his way to Sherlock. The web sticks to him, though, and the more he fights it, the more entangled he gets.
Sherlock’s shoulders relax and finally, a smile breaks out on his face. “Perfect,” he says. Something flashes over his face, some emotions he seems hesitant to give voice to, before he shakes his head and smiles, a soft, genuine smile that makes John’s grow in response. “After all,” he adds, “I’d be lost without my blogger.”
Sherlock removes his hands and John hears the sound of a glass jar being opened, and then Sherlock’s hands are back, but this time they’re rubbing something over the area, something cool, as Sherlock murmurs something in a language John can’t place again. The ointment smells of vaguely familiar spices and it feels heavenly. John feels himself slumping forward a bit more, a shaky sigh leaving his mouth in relief.
Sherlock eyes the two of them, then shakes his head, reaching down to pick up the urn and hold it in his other arm. It’s quite large, perhaps twenty-five centimeters tall or so, and it has a wide opening on top. It looks to be some kind of fine china, and it’s pure white, adorned with beautiful daffodils in royal blue.
Sherlock smiles, sitting down with a flounce of his dressing gown. “Mrs. Hudson, please put this away,” he says, holding his hand out to the old woman. She steps forward and sets the tray down on the side table, then takes the dog tags from Sherlock.
. He’s imagined this countless times, but never has he accounted for the reality of the warm weight of John against him, the incandescent bliss that washes over him, the way his body feels like it’s on fire.
Sherlock nods against him, doesn’t want to move his head away, wants to keep feeling the vibrations of John’s voice.
“J-John,” he manages.  His voice is unsteady.  His cock is throbbing. His heart is beating a fast staccato rhythm in his ears.  His entire body is thrumming with want, with desire, with
He sighs, his shoulders sagging. He tries to think of Sherlock, but he’s distracted, hopelessly so, by Moriarty, by the web Sherlock was trapped in, by the look on Sherlock’s face before he disappeared, by
John frowns, eyes flickering between the two of them in suspicion. “Are you sure you don’t want me to come along?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes and stops abruptly. “The pathway exists in both directions,” Sherlock tells him, still standing.
John blinks and for a moment his mouth drops open, an angry retort ready to fall from his lips, but then he can’t help it; his shoulders start to shake and he laughs again, unsure of how else to deal with this situation, and he covers his face with his hands. He’s not sure he’s grasped it yet, and he doesn’t resist when Sherlock pushes him down into a chair, his hands warm on John’s shoulder.
help me. I know it’s probably scary to leave the forest after all this time, but it will be worth it, I promise it will.”
He stops, regains control. Regret is filling him in hot and uncomfortable flashes, and he doesn’t know how to express himself.
Sherlock feels like he can’t speak, watching John splash his fingers in the pond while the birds and butterflies he’s made circle around him. His heart is pounding, and he doesn't understand how he feels.
“And you’re John Watson,” Greg continues, cautiously lowering his arms. His eyes are focused intently on John, but there’s a smile on his face, and he shakes his head. “Never thought I’d see the day Sherlock would be anything but alone.”
John smiles a soft, affectionate smile, and Sherlock’s stomach flutters. He feels goosebumps rise over his flesh because he’s so sure that he’s reading this wrong, that he can’t possibly be understanding this correctly, but John leans forward and kisses him.
His eyes widen in alarm; someone else is here?  The voice sounds like a little girl, and he hesitates for only a moment before running forward.  He sees a lone figure up ahead, a small girl with brown pigtails. She’s curled up in a ball, sobbing her heart out.  He wonders why she is here alone.
“Brilliant,” John says again, voice breathy as he stares down at his clothes, then back up at Sherlock’s face.
, John. The fact that you came here proves it. You are in charge of your connection to the spirit world, even if you’re still figuring out how to use it. How did you get here?”
Redbeard sniffs the bandana once, then twice, and then starts sniffing it madly, squeaking and burrowing into the fabric, leaving John’s fingers to curl around the hand holding the bandana. John smiles and brings both the bandana and Redbeard closer to himself, watching as Redbeard delights in his memory, his little body twitching as it traverses the familiar black cloth. John feels something clench in his stomach and he feels absurdly lucky for this little view into Sherlock’s world, this little secret glimpse.
John takes a deep breath.  His hand flexes at his side.  Normally, he’d be yelling at her, demanding answers, but she seems strangely vulnerable, and, well, off.  “That’s very, very important to someone very important to me,” he says instead.  “He could die without it.  I really need it.”
He needs to talk to Sherlock about this, he realizes, adrenaline washing over him. He swings his legs over the side of his bed, still holding the bag in his hand, and he takes a moment, despite his need for answers, to rub his thumb over the very tangible, very real bag. He tries to make sense of his night as Redbeard comes awake, making a soft squeak of contentment. Redbeard stretches his little body out, pulling himself taut before relaxing and coiling back around John’s neck. He kisses John’s neck, as usual, and then settles down to stay curled up next to his pulse; he’s been extra vigilant since John met Arthur. John makes his way down the stairs and absently reaches up to stroke Redbeard’s head with his free hand, still holding the cigarettes in the other and frowning in thought.
“You know,” Arthur says after a while, “I haven’t talked to someone like this in a long time. Thank you.”
“Like this,” John says. He holds out his hand to Sherlock, and Sherlock takes it, and then his eyes widen when suddenly he is standing in the courtyard of a grand castle, snowflakes swirling around him.
“I hardly ever get out of here,” Billy says. “I’ve spent the last three years locked away in a basement. The only people I ever see are you three. Don’t you think I get a little lonely sometimes?”
, and he reaches for John and hugs him, breathes in the scent of his hair, relishes in the feel of John’s skin beneath his hands. “I love you,” he says again. His heart is pounding and he feels strange and lightheaded.
“That sounds horrible,” he says, words measured, “but I know how to get through.” He makes his voice as strong as he can, focusing on Redbeard’s presence at his side and the determination that still swells strong in his gut rather than the fear that threatens to override it. He stands, and Redbeard follows.
the man says impatiently, a sharp edge creeping into his voice, gesturing with one hand for John to hurry.
“Interesting,” Mycroft says, and John doesn't like his tone.  “But it doesn’t work that way, unfortunately.  Your debt is yours alone, and Sherlock’s is his alone.  But as it so happens, he has a rather valuable mirror I’ve had my eye on for some time, and he will give it to me today.  We’ve already arranged the payment.”
Redbeard shifts against John’s neck, and John is grateful for it, and he reaches up to pet his head as Sherlock stares at him.
hear this, but somehow, he’s replying, his words a broken whisper in the living room. “You weren’t there,” he manages, the choked words thick in the air between them. “I – every day I wanted to see you, I talked to you, I imagined you, but you weren’t
Do you notice any other indicators that you are in the presence of something that means to harm you?” Sherlock asks, his words a fast, pointed rush.
When they get back to Baker Street, Sherlock suggests another drink. He takes another bottle of wine from the fridge, grabs his long pipe, and tells John to bring the glasses and follow him. John is surprised when Sherlock heads towards John’s bedroom, and once inside, he throws the window open and climbs out onto the fire escape. He heads up the stairs and gestures for John to follow.
He leaves the apartment and hurries down the stairs, opening the door to the street without being interrupted by Mrs. Hudson. Once outside, he looks back at 221B and wonders if he’s made all of this up; if he’s finally gone crazy.
When he gets to their bench, Arthur is already there. He looks up with a furrowed brow when he takes in John’s appearance. He stands, and carefully, and takes John’s arm and pulls him down
John’s in a tunnel. It’s dark and damp, and he can barely see his hand in front of his face. He frowns; he recognizes, dimly, that this must be a dream, a dream like the ones in which he meets Greg on the roof, but he doesn’t recognize this place.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “Your payment.” Sherlock looks at him for just a moment before turning towards the door. He takes a deep breath and squares his shoulders, then raises his hand to knock on the door, only to have it pulled open before his hand can settle on the wood; instead it hovers for a moment before falling to rest at his side.
John turns his head and then startles when he sees a large man, grinning in delight, with a set of ears and a tail that matches the boy’s.
“Alright,” John says, walking ahead of him up to their flat. Once there, Sherlock instructs him to leave Billy on the mantle.
“When I say so, you have to grab onto the handle,” Sherlock tells John, pointing towards the lantern-like object on the table. “You absolutely
Uncle Augustus holds the nutcracker out to Sherlock, who takes it eagerly, and then Uncle Augustus reaches into his pocket, pulling out his white handkerchief.
“Oh bloody hell, you lunatic, I’ll cook,” John says, taking the bags off the floor and heading into the kitchen. Once there, he puts his hands on his hips and surveys the area, letting out a huff of exasperation. He wouldn’t be surprised to find out Sherlock survives on nothing but the pipe he smokes, the contents of which John is curious about but not quite willing to ask after just yet; he can only take so many shocks.
Sherlock sits behind his computer for a couple hours the next morning, John having long since gone to work, and he realizes that he’s bored, that he’s crawling for stimulation. His eyes land on his violin case, and he makes up his mind, closing his computer and going to the case.
John startles, feeling like he’s been caught doing something wrong. “I thought you were sleeping,” he says.
“That’s too tight!” Sherlock protests, ignoring Mycroft’s words and shoving at his hands; he’s eager to go steal a snack.
Later, when the competition is over and Sherlock has won, John’s phone buzzes with a text.  “Too crowded.  Meet me outside, southeast corner. –SH”
“We’re here,” Sherlock says, gesturing towards the house. It’s very small, nothing special; it’s only one story, and seems to only have a few rooms inside. There’s no sign, or anything to distinguish it from any other house.
“John,” he gasps. “It’s all for you. Everything. I jumped for you, I came back for you, I killed for you, and I’d do it again, I would, John, please-”
, John. Always so worried about him.” He smiles and shrugs, waving a flippant hand through the air. “But you’re too late! He’s gone!”
“With me,” he says simply, even though he’s not quite sure how to get out of this place.  “But we won’t go there.”
“Now’s a bit different, isn’t it?” John says, a small smile on his face and his pulse inexplicably quickening.
Sherlock suddenly twists around and sits up, and John stops talking, leaning back a bit at the shock of Sherlock’s sudden movement.
“John,” Sherlock says into the warm, familiar skin of John’s neck, desperation washing over her, a desire to be as close to John as possible burning through her body. “I love you.”
John laughs and rubs a hand over his face, the absurdity of both what happened the night before and Sherlock’s personality washing over him in waves. “Can you – I have no idea what just happened to me,” he says, letting his hands fall by his side again.
Sherlock shifts, though, and their cocks rub together deliciously, and a shiver goes down his spine and he settles, and John shifts on top of him and looks down at him, laughter still dancing in his eyes, and Sherlock’s heart beats faster and in the span of one heartbeat to the next, John is kissing him, long and hard.  He pulls away and Sherlock strokes his long fingers up and down John’s sides as John gets a proper bit of lube on his hand, then grins at him before kissing Sherlock’s chest, then licking and nipping his way down, making Sherlock shiver in anticipation.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” John complains. He’s tired, and his head hurts. He doesn’t have the energy to think about Sherlock’s words.
He’s aware of too many things; the subtle heaviness of impending rain that hangs in the air around him, the sounds of the light mid-morning traffic, the footfalls of the heavyset security guard walking out of Speedy’s and the scent of fried food that wafts out the door as he leaves – but then John steps out of the taxi and Sherlock’s focus sharpens. John leans down to pull out the car seat, exposing the wrinkles on the back of his coat and his rumpled collar and the slight protrusion of his pocket and Sherlock’s mind is overflowing with deductions.
Sherlock hesitates. He swallows. “Mm,” he manages. His voice is low and gruff. He thinks of John looking at him, of John’s eyes roving over his curled up form, of John’s eyes shifting over his back, and then he thinks of what lies under his clothing, of dark rooms and ropes, of loneliness and isolation, and he lets his fingers tangle into his hair and tugs just the tiniest bit. He wants to disappear.
Sherlock looks up at him with a hesitant smile, and then looks away, a flush of embarrassment on his cheeks, before turning back and clearing his throat. “When you made your wish, you wished for me to remain at your side until I am grey and old and I die of natural causes.”
Sherlock’s hands twist in his lap, but he still can’t look away, not from John. John’s concerned, he doesn’t
“Take the water, John, and pour it in here,” Sherlock says as he sets the urn down. He crouches down next to it, positioning it carefully, and he doesn’t look up as he speaks.
“Don’t you dare throw that away,” John warns, standing in front of him with his hands on his hips and blocking his path.
“John!” he calls without thinking, but then stops running suddenly when a horn blares in front of him. He steps back – the light has changed, he can’t cross, but John has heard him.
John lets out a long, deep breath, relief washing over him in prickly waves of heat. He relaxes his grip on Redbeard and lets him slither up to John’s neck, curling around it protectively, chirping and kissing along the way. John brings his shaking teacup to his lips and takes a sip of tea, feels the warmth sliding down his throat, into his stomach. He sets the teacup down on the table beside him, closes his eyes, and takes a deep breath, then looks up at Mycroft.
John gets a job at a new surgery close to Baker Street, and when he leaves in the morning on his first day of work, Sherlock is filled with an unexpected panic that things are back to how they were when John was gone. It only goes away when he looks for clues that John was really there; he is comforted by the disturbances in the dust patterns of the second coat hook that went unused for so long, by the poorly re-folded newspaper sitting in John’s chair, by the used mug in the sink. (He has an absurd urge to dust it for fingerprints or look for skin particles left behind by John’s lips on the rim, but he resists.)
“Ta, Mrs. Hudson,” John says, feeling unaccountably cheery despite the strange flat he’s in. “That would be lovely.”
He’d been scared and more than a bit angry with Sherlock when they first arrived, but that has rapidly diminished and been replaced by appreciation for this strange place. Something in his chest clenches, something that makes him realize how very different his life has become, and he can’t help but
Sherlock sighs. He stops for a moment and tilts his head, then turns left.  John follows.  “It was the place between life and death,” he says.
Sherlock makes tea, the ritual familiar and soothing, and when he hands it to John, he can tell John wants to speak.
He steps forward again, his footsteps echoing through the quiet of the flat, the only other sounds those of the old woman in the kitchen making tea.
John pauses, his fork hovering in midair.  “We – I’m his flatmate, and I guess his employee,” he says.  He’s not quite sure how to describe their relationship.
Sherlock’s eyes widen and his jaw drops a little bit, excitement flooding through him. He feels as light as air, incandescent and happy. He nods again, a smile curling on his lips, his cheeks flushing with warmth.
“He’s hardly a snake,” Sherlock says, his fingers abruptly disappearing from the general vicinity of John’s neck. He heads towards the door, grabbing his coat on the way, as the weather is getting cooler and cooler outside. “You might as well bring him,” Sherlock adds, gesturing towards Redbeard as he shrugs into his coat. “He’ll stay in your collar; Mary probably won’t even notice him.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and his breath hitches. He’s not sure how to process any of this and he needs a moment, but gently, John takes his hands and pulls, and so Sherlock opens his eyes and allows John to lead him through the bathroom and into the bedroom.
When John comes home from work, Sherlock is sitting behind his microscope in the kitchen, working on an experiment he’d started before John came back. Though he doesn’t show it outwardly, his heart leaps when he hears the door open and his pulse is pounding in his ears for reasons he doesn’t understand as he listens to John hang up his coat, and he forces himself to keep his eyes trained on the slide.
“Because I’m dirty,” she says.  She looks down.  “I’m different from before.  Everyone’s gonna say I’m gross.”
John doesn’t need to be told twice. Sherlock starts to run, shifting his hand and twining their fingers together on the lantern handle as they go. He runs into the forest and they go parallel to the monster procession, until it’s too dark and dense to see. John’s heart is pounding as he follows Sherlock, twigs crunching under their feet and branches brushing their faces, the sounds of the spirits’ angry voices from outside the forest loud and daunting. He hopes Sherlock can get them out, even in this darkness, but Sherlock suddenly stops short in the middle of the trees. It happens so quickly that John stumbles into him, and then Sherlock tugs on his hand just as he gets his bearings and leads him to the right.
“I trust you’re familiar with the Auror team that handles magical incidents within the Muggle police system?”
Moriarty smiles, the anger gone in a flash. “Oh, Johnny, that’s a good question,” he says. “Sherlock, why don’t you tell him? Don’t leave anything out, now. This may be your last chance, after all.”
“You don’t have any tracking or spying charms up there, I’d have noticed,” John says. “How’d you know, then?”
“I have to – I have to go through that door?” John asks, gesturing towards the door he went through with Sherlock and Mycroft.  “There’s nothing there.  I don’t know how to use it.”
“John, are you alright?” Mary asks as he’s leaving, looking at him quizzically. The spirit turns towards Mary. It approaches her but then seems to quiver in disgust, its mouth closing and twisting, before rapidly going back to John again, coming even closer and causing John’s body to shudder.
Almost of its own volition, his hand creeps up to touch her little fingers. They’re impossibly small, like scale models of a human’s. He finds it absurd that there are so many things he wants to know about her and yet he can’t stop staring at her hands, smoothing his finger over the little wrinkles and miniscule nails.
, John, is our invitation,” Sherlock says, setting his pipe down on the side table. Surprisingly, he reaches out and takes a plate for himself, dishing some fried rice onto it.
“It’s down here,” she says. She doesn’t leave the building, but instead, goes down a hallway. She gestures towards a door that says “221A.” “That’s my apartment,” she explains, “And 221C is the basement apartment. Sherlock uses it as his warehouse.”
“Go on,” Sherlock says when John stops and turns to look at him questioningly.  Sherlock’s features are in shadow, but he looks encouraging, so John walks on even though he can’t see anything around him; he appears to be in some kind of dark void.  Sherlock steps up beside him, leaving Mycroft to trail in their wake.  “This is much more pleasant than the rain, isn’t it?” Sherlock asks.
John clears his throat. “Did you play all day?” John asks a moment later as he, too, sets his plate aside and picks up his glass.
makes his head throb, the cloying and disgusting smell of malicious and infectious curses lingers in his nose to the point that he wonders if it’s going to bleed, the magic of the lift itself is bright and distracting. His head is pounding, and he can only think of getting to John.
“You’ll need me, too, so don’t even think about leaving me!” Billy says from the crook of his elbow, and again, John is grateful for him as Mrs. Hudson brushes past them to head towards Sherlock’s bedroom.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but he can’t help the light feeling that washes over him, nor can he help the smile that stretches across his lips, and so he gets up and goes to the counter. “I do make a better cup of tea than you,” he says conversationally, just so John doesn’t think he’s gotten away with it that easily.
, and then John is hugging him and Sherlock is desperately hugging him back, barely able to breathe, his mind spinning, panic clawing at him and mixing with shock and a profound sense of relief he doesn’t understand.
John quirks a small smile and takes some plates and utensils out, carrying them into the living room with the bag of Chinese.
“John,” Sherlock says, pulling away. He tugs on John’s shirt and John lets him, helps him get it over his head, and then they’re kissing again, the bare skin of their chests finally pressing together. It’s exhilarating and John finds himself kissing harder, pressing his tongue, warm and slick, against Sherlock’s. The feeling is exquisite; he feels it down to his bones and he’s eager for more. Breathy noises come from his throat he’s not even conscious of making.
“A bit, though more intense,” Sherlock concedes, his heart beating fast. He’s never talked to anyone about this; never trusted anyone with his story. He subtly casts a spell around their table, making sure no one will overhear his words except John.
His eyes drift closed and he inhales John’s scent as he luxuriates in the warmth of his skin and the closeness of their bodies.  Though it happens regularly now, it’s something he won’t – can’t – take for granted, and he doesn’t think he’ll ever be used to it.  He’s warm and content and feels the fuzzy edges of sleep pulling at him again when John shifts his legs a bit, moves his foot around until his toes brush against the Sherlock’s.  It lulls Sherlock out of his near-sleep haze and he smiles and presses a sleepy kiss against John’s chest; he’d been enjoying his private exploration, but he’s always glad to have John awake and with him.
As far as John can tell, it’s a regular hydrangea; light blue in color, big and bushy and thriving in the rain, which is still coming down heavily.
The fortuneteller looks a bit taken aback by his answer, but she nevertheless turns to John and smiles gently. “Don't be nervous,” she says.
He stops in the middle of the mess and winds his hands into his hair and tugs, frustrated. His antidote isn’t
“Nice to meet you, too,” she says with a smile. She turns to Sherlock. “Quite the group you’ve brought. Why don’t you come in?”
“I’m sorry,” John says a while later, glad he’s finished his tea because he’s quite sure he would’ve spit it out had he still been drinking it.  “Did you just say we need to go to Mary’s first?”
They can hear the suspect just outside, clearly having caught up to them, and Sherlock and John exchange a glance of warning, their bodies fraught with tension. Sherlock shoots John an alarmed glance, though, when he hears a second set of footsteps catch up to the first. He holds up 2 fingers in warning, and John nods, having heard the same thing.
John rolls his eyes and follows Sherlock.  Just as they approach, the curtain opens, and Angelo gestures them inside.  “Sherlock!  Come in, come in, it’s great to see you!  And you too, John!”
Sherlock gives a faint smile. It’s nothing but a twist of lips. His eyes don’t move; the lines in his face don’t shift into joy. John doesn’t like it. “Nothing,” Sherlock replies. “I’m just being selfish, as usual. Forgive me, John.”
,” John tells him, and Sherlock realizes he’s panting, that the labored breaths he can hear are coming from
“I haven’t had a friend, either,” Sherlock says. He feels something blossom in his chest, something warm and pleasant.
John sighs. If he’s honest with himself, he never really expected an answer that makes sense when he asked the question. He tries to think of the wording that’s most likely to get him a response he can understand. “If it wasn’t a dream, then what was it?” he finally asks.
John opens his eyes hesitantly and holds still, watching with a still-pounding heart as the spirits shift away from them to make way for something to get through the crowd.   It’s walking towards them, and whatever it is, it has made the spirits calm down. Sherlock shifts until he’s next to John, standing very, very close, their hands still clasped, for which John is grateful because he still feels in no way safe.
He inches ever closer to the corner, then scrunches his face in determination. He knows the cook’s schedule intimately, and he has memorized the decoration schedule he saw in Mummy’s diary, so he knows the coast will be clear, but still, he carefully twists until he can look up and down the hallway. The coast is clear, and so he grins, turning towards the sweet smells coming from the kitchen and knowing he has his chance.
“Sherlock,” John says. His voice is a whisper, and it melts into the skin of Sherlock’s neck in a way so intimate that Sherlock shivers. One of John’s hands cups the back of Sherlock’s neck, and the touch is so anchoring and yet unbelievable that Sherlock feels wetness behind his eyes, feels as if he can’t deal with the emotions that are consuming him, and he presses his face closer to John.
John purses his lips and looks towards the sky for a moment, trying to keep his anger in check.  “Right,” he says.  “So you’ve said.  But I don’t care.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says, voice too cheerful for the situation. “Honestly, John, you worry too much.”
He’s hard, harder than he remembers being in a long time, and when John’s hands drift down his back, he shivers, gasping into the kiss, and John pulls away, stroking one hand up and down Sherlock’s spine lightly.
“But it’s no matter,” Sherlock says flippantly, charging forward.  “You didn’t go.  And now, I believe we’ve found Angelo’s.”
Sherlock just laughs, and John can’t help it; despite his anger, the corner of his mouth quirks upward and he shakes his head and gets up to make some toast. As long as Greg isn’t harmful, and he doesn’t appear to be, he supposes he has nothing to worry about.
Sherlock lies still, clinging to John, unable to move.  He knows they’re bound to stick together, but he doesn't’ care; he needs to be close to John.  It’s always like this for him.  Sex with John is not physical; it’s everything, it’s all the things he’s never believed in, it’s love and it’s metaphysical and it’s spiritual and it’s too much for him to understand.  The only thing he can understand is John, and he curls tighter, breathes in his scent, presses his head into John’s neck, reveling in the feel of John’s fingers in his hair.  His limbs feel heavy and warm, and he is settled on top of John, trusting and pliant and as close as he can possibly be and yet he wants to be closer.
He goes back to gently patting Iris’ back, wiping her face when she spits up a bit onto the cloth. When she falls asleep, he carefully pulls the burp cloth away and keeps her there rather than put her in her crib. It feels nice to hold her knowing he can be completely unguarded.
John is running behind her, his heart hammering, when suddenly, she trips.  She falls flat on her face, a dull thud echoing in the emptiness that surrounds them.  He kneels down next to her as relief floods him, and rests his hand on her back.  His heart is pounding.
Redbeard breathes fire over and over again, eliminating as much of the web as he can, and John keeps his eyes on Sherlock, who is staring at him with wide eyes.
“Not good,” Sherlock repeats, blinking down at his hands, the adrenaline of his anger having left him.
“You really shouldn’t take people’s wands out of their hands,” John says, a calm in his voice that has something underneath it, something that makes Sherlock realize the kind of Auror John must have been. “Especially not ex-Aurors.”
,” he breathes, turning his head to kiss the closest bit of John he can find, the soft skin at the base of his neck. He wants to crawl inside John’s skin, wants to be as close as he can possibly get.
Sherlock gets older, and he thinks he might be insane. He thinks about John all the time, and remembers that night with startling clarity. He knows, deep down, that it really happened, and yet as time goes on and it becomes more distant of a memory, he can’t help but question his own judgment: is he actually crazy? Does he suffer from delusions? He goes on medication for a while, but it doesn’t help; just makes him unable to think.
Sherlock snorts a laugh. “Are we reduced to inane chatter now?” he says, but he’s smiling fondly even through the anxiety he feels.
Sherlock feels his fingers curl around John’s hand. He looks down, takes in the sight of their hands together, and then looks back to John’s face. His eyes flicker between John’s lips and eyes once more, and then he clears his throat. “I – I didn’t think you –”
“Were you sleeping?” Sherlock asks, still facing the back of the couch. His voice is quiet, a rough rasp between whisper and speaking. It feels intimate somehow in the darkness of 221C.
“Come on,” John says. He holds out his hand, and Sherlock takes it, and just like before, he suddenly finds himself in the ballroom, standing near his family’s Christmas tree. His house feels the same, and yet entirely different because he’s no longer the same Sherlock who stood here a few hours before; he has a
He stands still for a moment, heart pounding, and then nods in determination. He rushes to the door, grabs his coat, and takes the stairs two at a time. The game is on.
, despite these bizarre circumstances. John finds himself willing to go with this, to talk to this man even though it’s all very, very odd. The same instinct that told him to go to the roof in the first place is telling him that this is okay, that he can trust this man. He just hopes he can trust his instincts as he relaxes his arms, uncrossing them and rubbing his cold hands together for warmth.
Mycroft gives a tight smile.  “As you wish,” he says.  “Don’t think I won’t know the outcome of this little tiff anyway.  Good luck, then.”
“Sherlock’s in danger,” he says urgently.  “I need to help him.  There was a woman – she took his soul, and I have to get it back.”
Greg takes a long drag of his cigarette and slowly breathes out the smoke. “It’s complicated,” Greg says. “But it takes its toll on the wish granter. It’s not pretty.”
would have a hard time getting out of.  He’d had no choice, though – not with John’s safety at stake.  It had been one of those moments, the ones he’d come to know so well in his two years away, where time stopped and every second felt eternal, where even the smallest details were magnified and distorted, and the most trivial things gained meaning and substance in their ability to just
John laughs, scrubbing a hand over his eyes, then looks up at Sherlock. His mouth is open like he’s going to say something and his eyes are shining and amused, but he hesitates, and then says, voice softer than Sherlock expected, “No. No, of course not. It’s perfect; better than anything I would’ve gotten her,” he assures, and something inside Sherlock settles, and he feels tension he didn’t know he’d been carrying leave his shoulders. He nods, eyes Iris for a moment, eyes John, and then nods again. “Tea?” he asks. He goes to the kitchen before John can answer.
Sherlock beams at him. “You should know, John, you were there,” he says dismissively, and then stands with a flourish of his dressing gown and grabs Billy, heading into the living room with him as Billy complains about rough handling.
John turns his head towards the living room table, where Billy is perched, watching John on the couch.
It’s a warm summer day, and Sherlock is lying in the cool grass, enjoying the soft rustling texture against his skin, watching in delight as a flitterby moth flies overhead, its magic warm and soft, trailing behind it in pale twinkling lights Sherlock’s learned not to describe, lest Mummy tell him he’s daft. He reaches his small hand up and lets his fingers drift through its trail, giggling when the flitterby brushes against him.
“Sherlock!” Uncle Augustus says. He sets his many packages down, crouches down, and holds his arms out, and Sherlock rushes forward, sure Mycroft and Mummy are having a coronary because he’s running again, but he doesn’t care. He lets Uncle Augustus hug him and ruffle his hair, and exclaim over how tall he’s gotten, and he finds he doesn’t really mind; Uncle Augustus is the only member of their family who isn’t dull, after all.
Sherlock stares at John, cutting off the alternate reality flooding his mind, and tries to search for the right thing to say in this situation. “I’m sorry,” he says, and even
“We,” Sherlock agrees. Their lips meet in a kiss again, the feeling incandescent. “It was inevitable, all this time.”
The determination on John’s face makes things click for Sherlock, and he feels like his heart has stopped. He suddenly realizes that John really, truly
And then, the absurdity of it all catches up to him and helpless giggles bubble up his throat. After a moment, Sherlock giggles with him, and John remembers precisely why he fought so hard to keep Sherlock alive in the first place. They’re side by side laughing, and then they sneak a glance at each other and only laugh harder. John shifts on the couch, moving until he’s close to Sherlock, and after a moment, when their laughter has settled, he reaches up and carefully cups Sherlock’s face with his hand, his eyes still sparkling with laughter, the ghost of his smile still lingering on his face. Sherlock leans into the touch, his eyes drifting half-closed as he stares at John.
“You – really?” John asks. It’s strange; he doesn’t think he should trust this man, and yet, something inside of him says it’s okay, and he’s not sure what to do.
He looks up and feels color rise on his cheeks when he sees that John is watching him. John hastily takes a bite of his dinner, and Sherlock takes another sip of wine. He doesn't know why his heart is beating so fast, doesn’t understand the way John was just looking at him.
Angelo adjusts the heat on his stove then turns away for a moment, grabbing something behind him, then turns back with a small candle.  He sets it between John and Sherlock.  “It’s not much, but it should make your date a little more romantic, right?” he asks.
John’s sitting in the kitchen, sipping tea. He looks up at Sherlock with amusement. “A bit hungover?” he asks.
so much. He feels laid bare sitting here on the edge of the bed in the face of the magnificence of the man before him, the man he has wanted so very much for so long.
, and it isn’t right. He waves his hand and sends a book thumping into the wall, but it doesn’t satisfy him. He’s so caught up in his own whirlwind of frustration that he doesn't notice John come inside until the stench of stale St. Mungo’s magic hits him, and he turns towards John, hands on his hips, angry, nostrils flared.
Sherlock looks around him, and he sees the crown, suddenly tiny like a mouse’s head. He picks it up and clutches it in his hand.
“The water has magical properties,” Sherlock says. “It doesn’t last for a long time outside of a vessel designed for containing it, such as the foundations of that pond or the urn we used at Baker Street. Between that and the sun, it only takes a few minutes.”
“It turned into wood when he turned back into a nutcracker!” Sherlock says frantically, his words interrupted by hiccoughs.
“I know,” John says.  And he does, Sherlock realizes.  He knows what Sherlock is, he knows who Sherlock is.  And he hasn’t left.
!” He holds the nutcracker out and points to his pocket, where the little blue square peeks out of his white trousers
Sherlock smiles. “That was that, this is this,” he says flippantly, waving a hand and reaching for his pipe. Mrs. Hudson smiles.
“Thank you,” John whispers, the words soft and raspy, pressed into Sherlock’s neck. One of Sherlock’s hands is twined into John’s short hair, and it shifts back and forth for just a moment and John presses himself closer to Sherlock, his heart beating quickly, eager to feel his warmth, but Sherlock suddenly lets go of him, holds him at arm’s length. John’s uncomfortably aware of how cold he suddenly feels and how wet his cheeks are, and he scrubs his face with a hand.
“I’ll be right back,” John murmurs. He leans close and presses a soft kiss against Sherlock’s mouth, doesn’t stop stroking his face. “Just gonna get a flannel, clean us up a bit, yeah?”
He doesn’t know what he’s asking for. He just knows that he needs John, needs him, can’t stop what’s happening, needs what only John can give him that he’s too afraid to ask for.
“Hello,” he says with a tight smile.  “Pleasure to meet you.  I can see you’d like to talk to my friend.  Go ahead; help yourself.  He’s a selfish, arrogant, sneaky git, but help yourself.”
John smiles at him warmly and takes his hands, running them under the tap for him, then drying them off.  He takes the corner of the towel and wets it, then uses it to clean off their chests, and Sherlock just watches, his heart overflowing with things he doesn’t know how to process or understand, his heartbeat loud in his ears.
He’s still thinking about it when Sherlock suddenly hops to his feet, extending an arm towards John. “Our clothes are dry,” he says. “Let’s go.”
He smiles, taking the cup from her. “That’s a lovely name,” he tells her. The teacup shakes in his hand, and he hastily takes a sip. He feels something inside of him settle, and he thinks maybe she was right; he needs a break, just to get his head on straight, before he goes back out to find Sherlock.
“I didn’t ruin it,” Sherlock protests, but he lets Mycroft pull his jacket back into place and tug on the shoulders until it sits just right on his thin nine-year old frame.
“It hurt?” John asks. Sherlock looks up sharply, but John looks merely inquisitive, not judgmental, so Sherlock takes another sip of his wine to help him continue.
But suddenly, his eyes fly open when he hears a key turn in the door to 221B, and then he hears the familiar sounds of John’s favorite pair of shoes begin to climb the steps, the ones he’s clearly had since before he’d left for Afghanistan and which he clings to with an unhealthy emotional attachment, with soles that aren’t suitable for stepping in puddles and which he wears when he’s feeling particularly sad.
“Your payment,” Mycroft says, extending the tube towards John. Sherlock sits up straight, eyeing the tube shrewdly. John looks at Sherlock with raised eyebrows and Sherlock nods, so John reaches out and takes the tube.
, even if her past is anything but, and your hand is starting to have a bit of a tremor now and again, isn’t it?   She’s not what you need and never has been and you’re wasting your time and you know-”
He goes to the mantle and roots around frantically for his spare cigarettes, upturning the skull in his search, and his eyes widen when a familiar little metal crown skitters across the mantle. He’d forgotten he stowed it away in there, and he picks it up, holding it between his fingers and feeling a sense of melancholy wash over him that quickly turns to anger, anger that this stupid piece of metal exists, that this stupid fucking piece of metal has caused him anguish and caused him to doubt his
“I was so lonely for so long,” John says, his voice nearly a whisper. “And so were you. And now here we are, together.” He swallows, nearly overcome, grounded by the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers stroking up and down his spine, by the sight of Sherlock’s eyes gazing into his own.
From where they stand, John can see that the path continues ahead of them down the hill, and then it winds through a forest until it comes to a large circular clearing with a big tree in the center that appears to be glowing the same color as their lantern, though he can’t make out its details from so far away, and every inch of the path is filled with spirits.
He hears the telly turn on, and then he feels warmth pressing against his side: John’s leg. Selfishly, he leans into it, allows himself the comfort even though it makes something in his heart twist that he doesn’t understand. The warmth on his head, John’s hand, begins to move, John’s fingers stroking through his hair tenderly, so tenderly, that he feels as if he’s cracking apart. He sighs, his breath shaky, and focuses on the sensation, on the exact points of pressure John’s fingertips leave on his scalp, shifting and soothing, on the constant pressure of John’s leg against his side.
Something in his stomach shivers pleasantly and it’s never been like this when he’s kissed someone before,
“You don’t need to thank me,” Sherlock says. His voice surprises him in its softness. He doesn't know what else to say.
Her house is very close to the lake; they go through a short, neatly kept path in the forest, and then there is a small cottage up ahead surrounded by rosebushes in many colors.
John remembers the sweet but complex taste of the wine very well, just as he remembers sitting on the roof while Sherlock smoked his ridiculous pipe and John was only just beginning to get to know him. It seems like lifetimes ago now, and John smiles, a bit lost in the memory.
He’s thinking about it now, a smile playing on his lips, and so he doesn’t even notice when a tiny spirit, no bigger than a hamster, runs up from behind and weaves in between his feet. He stumbles, hears Sherlock say his name, but it’s too late – he trips, his hand leaving the lantern for just a moment. Hurriedly, he reaches for it again and stands, but it’s too late.
It’s the first time John’s been in Sherlock’s room, and he’s not surprised that the man’s bed is luxurious, large and inviting with sheets that look more expensive than John’s entire wardrobe, but Sherlock goes straight to his closet and opens the door.
“People are idiots,” John says. There’s an aggression in his voice that makes that familiar warmth in Sherlock’s stomach surge, and he doesn’t know what to say, warmed as he is.
She doesn’t cry and he holds her with two arms, her head resting in the crook of his elbow. He swallows and is surprised by how thick his throat feels. He wonders how the fabric of his dressing gown feels on the back of her head, if she notices that it’s not John’s flannel shirts or John’s soft jumpers. He’s surprised by how warm she is; he knows, of course, that babies are living creatures and thus warm, but for some reason, he never expected them to be such a source of heat.
“I’ll be back,” John says.  He stands and shoves his hands in his pockets, making his way towards a small drinking fountain.  Frustration is welling up inside him; the day is not working in his favor so far, and he wants to see Mary, give her the cupcake he’d worked so hard to make, and have a nice day with her.  Instead, he’s in the park where he’d nearly died with Sherlock and Billy.  It’s not exactly how he’d planned for the day to go, but he takes a sip of water and tells himself things happen for a reason as he straightens and takes a moment to calm himself.
“I can hear you,” he calls back to them.  He shakes his head.  The payment for this job better be good.
He’s cold in just his nightclothes, but John’s hand is warm, and the running is just beginning to warm him up when John slows down and stops. They’re approaching the door, and Sherlock looks up at the big stone castle, his breath coming out in frosty puffs in front of his face. The castle is decorated with colorful flowers and wreaths and fairy lights, and most of the windows are lit. Sherlock can see shadows of people inside and it looks merry and beautiful and Sherlock wants nothing more than to memorize every detail.
give that up. He looks up at Sherlock, determination flooding him. “Throw it away,” he tells him. He breathes harshly through his nose and closes his eyes for a moment, doing his best to keep calm as unexpected emotion rushes through him. “Please, just throw it away.”
“Alright. Let me know,” she says, standing up and gathering the remains of her lunch. “See you later, John!”
John’s shoulders are hunched underneath his umbrella as he tries to make himself as small as possible to avoid the rain coming down in sheets around him.  It’s pouring, and it has been for days.  He’s getting rather sick of it; it’s quite gloomy, and there tend to be more spirits out and bothering him on days like this.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. He’s doing his best to keep his expression aloof, but John can see the way his eyes keep going back to the tube, and the way his hands are curled in his lap, and John knows he’s excited for this. Still, though, John’s not sure what they’re talking about.
. It seems more than a little bit strange, even for something Sherlock’s involved in. “Prove it,” John says, though he’s not sure how he expects the man to do so.
The man laughs.  “Sure am,” he says.  “It’s not often we get a human customer; you’ll have to pardon my boy.  Come on in, then,” he adds, pulling the curtain open and gesturing John inside.
who feels like a dream, even though he’s only been gone for a few hours. John’s surprised to find that he misses him.
“Promise you’ll give it back to me after you’ve seen it?” John asks, clutching it tightly. He doesn’t know why he wants to keep it so badly, but he really, really does.
“I’ve only gone there once before,” she explains. “It was an accident, to be honest. I didn’t realize – it was a long time ago, when Moriarty first came here. I entered the forest, and it was horrible; it was cold and miserable and I thought I was going to die. I fainted, and I don’t remember what happened after that, but somehow I woke up here a few days later, sick and…unwell.” She’s wringing her hands and not looking at John, and John swallows shakily. He feels queasy, but he needs to focus.
“If you leave here via Sherlock’s closet, you create a pathway between worlds formed with Sherlock’s magic, which will protect you, this building, and Sherlock himself. Go to the closet and think of Sherlock. Bring Redbeard,” Mycroft says.
Sherlock frowns, but he is too full of questions to focus on his arm any longer. “Where do you come from?” Sherlock asks eagerly. “How come you’re under a magic spell? Did you meet a witch? Do witches exist? Where do you find them?”
John pushes past her and heads up the stairs, pulling the door to Sherlock’s flat open without knocking.
,” Sherlock says, agitated. “He never texts. He said there was an accident, and you were in hospital.” Magic is crawling over his skin, and his head feels as if it’s going to crack open.
He starts to hear voices, low and indistinct, voices that he knows belong to spirits. He remembers distantly that he’s supposed to be thinking of his appreciation for them, and so he thinks of the nectar he drank, of how delicious it tasted, and how magical that evening was when he’d gone to the parade of spirits with Sherlock. He tries not to think of the spirits trying to eat him, and instead thinks of them clearing a path for him and Sherlock to reach the great tree. He desperately pushes the fearful thoughts that rise up inside of him away, forces them out of his mind, but they keep distracting him.
The disembodied voices are growing more urgent, and the fearful thoughts in his mind seem to multiply. He doesn’t think he can do this; focusing his thoughts while he’s sitting in Zosima’s cottage or alone in Sherlock’s closet is one thing, but here, with spirits surrounding him and a sense of foreboding danger crawling over him, it’s something entirely different.
, but then the moment passes and the warmth of John’s body is gone and Sherlock is left alone, a curled up pile of skin and bones beneath the warmth and familiar smell of John’s blanket.
John stares at him for a moment. There are many things he wants to say, and his mouth is half open, lots of them on his tongue, but after staring at the man for a moment, he just shakes his head again.  “Right, yeah.  Well, I’d really love to get out of this bloody rain, so if you don’t mind, I’ll just be on my way,” he says, giving the man a tight smile and moving to walk past him.
When John wakes, he’s holding the black bandana. He smiles when he sees it and stretches out in bed, keeping it safely clutched in his hand. Redbeard gives a sympathetic stretch around his neck, then worms his way up to kiss John’s cheek. John smiles and relaxes back down onto his pillow. He holds his hand out next to his neck and waits for Redbeard to weave between his fingers, and then he drowsily holds him next to the bandana.
This time is different, though, because deep down, he knows that the reasons he stopped playing are entirely due to sentiment. While he’s long since stopped pretending he has no emotions, that doesn’t mean he’s entirely comfortable with their repercussions.
“I was just cooking up some chicken parmesan, how does that sound?” the man asks, tending to the food on the stove and glancing up at John.
“Why are you keeping him like this?” John asks Moriarty, doing his best to keep his voice as stony as possible even though his heart is pounding and his breath is too fast.
“John,” Sherlock pants, “John, please.” This is exquisite, more intense than he could have ever imagined. Nothing exists in this moment except John, and he’s overcome by how indescribably
He tilts his head, baring his throat so Sherlock can get to Redbeard, and Sherlock holds his fingers out next to John’s neck. They’re standing very close together now, and John swallows nervously. He’s sure Sherlock has noticed the movement, and it feels unexpectedly intimate. Redbeard goes to Sherlock’s fingers and John relaxes his neck once it’s free of him, though his pulse has rocketed up and he feels less relaxed than before.
“I have a bad feeling about it,” John warns.  His heart is beginning to pound, and the girl grabs onto his arm, clutching him tightly.
“What – right,” John says, rubbing his eyes and sitting up, pausing for a moment when his head swims in dizziness. He opens his eyes and turns to look at Sherlock when he sits beside him, then looks at the table, where he’s put down the two plates of food, ignoring Billy’s protests that he’s just taunting him, putting food so close to him. “Did you make dinner?” John asks.
The woman seems unfazed by the disembodied voice coming from John’s bag.  “He’s right,” she says.  “Please let me help you.”
He can’t handle this gentle John; it’s too close to the deepest secrets of his heart, too close to the things he knows he’ll never have, too close to the impossible. He squeezes his eyes closed, curses the moisture he feels building in their corners.
His fingers are tightening on Sherlock’s arm again and he breathes through his nose, relaxes, and looks down at Iris, then at Sherlock, who is stock still, trying desperately to process what is happening.
The harp’s music is calm and relaxing, and as he comes back to himself, it becomes more and more difficult to ignore. He turns to look at Zosima’s fingers delicately dance over the strings, but she glances up and catches him looking. Abruptly, she stops, and a clash of surprised dissonance fills the cabin as her cheeks flame red.
actually closer to the clinic than your miserable flat, which you clearly hate, and you’ve got a mold problem, haven’t you?”
He presses his face into John’s neck, breathes deeply, lets John’s words settle over his skin. John holds him close, and Sherlock slowly feels like he’s coming back to himself, feels as if he’s waking from a deep sleep. “John,” he says, forcing his lips to form the word, forcing himself to take command of his body. His voice is rough and shaky and needy, and John presses a kiss to his temple, lets his hand run soothingly up and down his spine. Sherlock sighs, feels vulnerable and safe and somehow strong. “That was – I –” He swallows, curls his fingers into the back of John’s shirt, unsure of what he wants to say.
“Alright,” Sherlock confirms. It comes out more like a murmur than he’d intended, and he lets his hands rest feather light on John’s waist. He rubs his thumbs over John’s hips, and feels undone by the fact that he’s allowed to.
Sherlock looks up at the sky through narrowed eyes once they’ve reached the top of the stairs. He looks as if he’s searching for something, but John can’t imagine what that something might be. Nonetheless, Sherlock gives a satisfied nod and heads to the center of the roof.
charm, the harsh spell skittering over his skin. They cast it again, and he wraps his arms around himself.
John looks at Sherlock questioningly, but Sherlock is staring only at the woman before them; as usual, John is left to guess at the motives for his strange behavior.
He only has two patients in the afternoon. The spirit, as terrible a feeling as it gives him, isn’t making any malicious moves, so he decides to go about his business. It’s not the first time a spirit has clung to him, after all, but it’s definitely the first time one of this magnitude has. He’s worried what the spirit will do, but it turns out that when his patients come in, the spirit just gets closer to John, making his hands shake and sweat break out on his brow, but it doesn’t harm anyone. His patients are worried for him, but John says he has seasonal allergies. They don’t seem to believe him.
John smiles, though he can’t help the laugh that bubbles up his throat and he looks away for a moment, shocked by the apparent non-sequitur but at the same time, recognizing it for what it is. He turns back, a heady feeling washing over him, his vision the tiniest bit blurry. “Should I start calling you Will, then?” he asks, his voice low and a bit choked, a smile he can’t contain stretching over his lips.
“Still, it would’ve been nice to hear more about Mary,” John muses, looking up at the sky as he walks.
Sherlock looks like a man fighting for control. John doesn’t understand it. He’s the broken one, isn’t he? But Sherlock’s lip is twisting and there’s something in his face John doesn’t recognize. Sherlock doesn’t even seem to notice the blood coming from his side. It doesn’t seem serious; probably just stitches, but John knows it must be painful.
John sucks in a breath when Sherlock suddenly jerks backwards, his eyes flying open and his face ripped away from John’s hand. John’s hand twitches at the sudden loss and the moisture drips away, and John watches as the entire web disappears, Sherlock and all, to be replaced by nothing but darkness.
John swallows a lump in his throat and tries to ignore how fast he’s breathing and the way the entire foundation of his life seems to be turning itself inside out. He holds Billy for a moment and just stares at him with his shoulders rising and falling in fast, panicked breaths, his mouth half-open, and his mind reeling until finally he swallows and sets Billy down gently, as carefully as his shaking hands allow. The sound of Billy’s jaw clicking against the mantle feels loud and abrasive in the empty flat, and John’s chest twists as he stares at the skull who, for once, does not appear to be staring back.
And then, his eyes shoot open because he’s felt a distinct shift in the atmosphere around him.  He doesn’t feel the darkness closing in on him anymore; he doesn’t even feel the unsettled chill that never seems to leave him in this place.  He feels nothing but focus and determination to find Sherlock.
“That’s it,” he distantly hears John say. “You’re so good, Sherlock, so good.” John’s voice is familiar but it sounds as if it’s coming from far away, floating through 221B, a sparkling presence that makes the darkness shift and dissipate. He makes a sound low in his throat, nuzzles his head against John’s knee.
“You keep saying that,” Sherlock says. He means to sound defensive, but there’s something plaintive in his voice, something he can’t control.
“Not particularly, no.  I don’t care whether I win or lose, but sometimes, winning has certain side effects that are particularly useful,” Sherlock says.  As usual, John’s left to puzzle out the meaning of his words, and Sherlock turns back to the window, conversation clearly over.
“Alright,” Sherlock says quickly. This whole evening doesn't make sense to him; there are too many strange events, too many things he hasn’t yet processed, but he can’t bear to hear John stumble over his words like this, not his steady and true and brave John, and so he agrees. Before he even realizes what he’s agreed to, though, John is suddenly standing and plucking the wine glass out of Sherlock’s hand and placing it on the table.
“Yeah?” John asks. He takes a sip of wine and settles into his chair, leaning back away from the table and watching Sherlock over the rim of his glass. “I haven’t heard you play in a long time.”
“Let’s go back to bed,” John says. Her voice is huskier than usual, warm and sensual against Sherlock’s neck.
“You think I don’t have a wish?” Mary asks, and her voice is desperate, her knuckles white around her cup, and a strange laugh comes from her mouth, one that speaks of no good humor, but instead despair.
Oh Christ, he hadn’t meant to say that, he’d meant to soften the number of kills, but here he is, horrifying John, letting him down. He feels his hand start to shake and he starts to let it fall from John’s face, but John takes it in his. Sherlock’s eyes fly open to meet John’s, and John is warm, solid, holding his hand against his face, his thumb sliding against Sherlock’s.
“John,” Sherlock greets. He comes to the kitchen door with Billy tucked under his arm. “Billy and I are going on a trip.”
“You’re so sensitive,” John says. He’s looking at him like he’s something precious, and Sherlock swallows. He feels, somehow, like he’s breaking apart under John’s attention, and it’s exquisite and torturous all at once. He doesn’t know how to reply, so he remains quiet, and John kisses him again, this time a little bit gentler, and steps closer, pressing his hips against Sherlock’s.
The cold of the spirit is seeping into him, turning his stomach into a tight knot. He feels like he has the flu. His entire body aches, he’s sweating, and his head is pounding in dizziness. Then he feels it: the spirit is clinging to his back, pressed against him like a block of ice against his body. It’s making his stomach turn. He wants to throw up.
This isn’t his first time coming back to the violin after a long time away, but the other times have been different. When he came back after being dead, there was a reason he couldn’t have played – he’d been dead, after all, and so he’d been patient with himself as he got used to playing again. It had been really difficult for a few weeks, but he’d found his way back, and somehow, he’d found that his playing became even better than it had been before.
John, who’s barely touched his tea, sighs. “Too early for this,” he calls back. “Hasn’t your recovery been a little too fast?”
John’s not sure whether to be insulted or flattered, and he sighs, watching as Sherlock bends down to carefully pick up the glass bottle. It seems like water is inside, but as the light hits it, it sparkles, iridescent rainbow colors refracting off the liquid. It’s unlike any water John’s ever seen.
“John,” Sherlock gasps out, breaking the kiss.  He feels as if he’s left his body, as if he can’t possibly be experiencing this.  “Please, please, I can’t – “
“Morning,” John says.  His voice is hoarse, and he clears his throat.  Sherlock shifts his hips, lets his thumb sweep higher on John’s chest, closer to his nipple.  He doesn't reply, but a breathy sigh leaves his lips when John tugs on his curls the tiniest bit, not enough to hurt, just enough to be playful, and John shifts his leg, pressing it closer to Sherlock’s groin.
John shakes his head, his nostrils flaring. “No, Sherlock, you don’t get to do that now,” he says, his frustration overriding his relief. “You – you fucking
“Must be nice to have a brother,” John says after a while. “I don’t have a brother or a sister or parents or anything, and there aren’t too many kids around here. I haven’t even had a friend before.”
Sherlock smiles. It’s soft, small. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” he murmurs. “Born sixth January.”
Sherlock presses his body flat against the wall and inches slowly towards the corner, making as little sound as possible. His knobby spine presses against the smooth surface and wrinkles his brand new suit jacket, but it’s just as well, he thinks, because it’s far too stuffy for the adventures he plans to have. It’s
“Obviously,” Sherlock says, coming into the living room carrying a cup of tea. John raises his eyebrows in surprise, his mouth falling open just a bit as his eyes flit from the cup and up to Sherlock’s face and back to the cup again as Sherlock presses it into his hands.
John just stares for a moment.  He’s not sure why he’s surprised at Sherlock’s inconsiderate behavior, but he is.  He tries to rein his anger in.  “I made it this morning while you were out.  I left you plenty of extras at home you could have eaten instead of Mary’s, you know,” he says.  There’s chocolate all over the inside of the bag and box; if he wants to give a cupcake to Mary, he’ll have to get new ones, which only adds to his annoyance.
“A hydrangea,” John repeats, turning back to the teapot and pouring off the excess before grabbing a dishtowel and drying off the pot, then putting it on the heat.
“I can do that,” Sherlock says. His voice is soft but confident, and John swallows, suddenly overwhelmed and not sure how to handle the situation.
John cups his face again, though, soothes his cheek with his thumb. “Come sit down,” John says again. He takes hold of Sherlock’s hand again and leads him to the couch, sits down and tugs on Sherlock’s hand until he, too, is sitting.
“Yes, Johnny, it’s me,” she says. “I’ve missed you so very much. All I ever wanted was to see you grow up, and look at you now!”
John sets his paper aside and puts his hands on the arms of his chair for a moment, and lets out a loud breath, then nods his head once and stands up, his shoulders stiff. He hobbles over to the sofa with his cane and sits down, then lifts his bad leg up with his hands and follows through with his other leg easily.
“Oh, nonsense,” Mrs. Hudson says, emerging from the kitchen holding Billy in the crook of her arm. “Of course you can. I give Sherlock a special deal.”
John comes in, a bottle of wine and their two glasses floating ahead of him. Sherlock swallows, the warmth of John’s magic heavy and lush in his garden. He plucks a glass from the air, not really caring if it’s his or John’s and eagerly takes a sip.
John turns in confusion as Redbeard jumps, and just as he realizes he should grab him, lest he fall on the dark, cold floor from such a tall height, Redbeard changes. It happens in the blink of an eye; one moment, Redbeard is a small, furry, snake-like creature; the next, he’s a tall, majestic fox, a long, plumed tail rising proudly behind him. He’s so big that he comes up to John’s shoulder, and he stands in front of John defensively, growling at Moriarty.
Sherlock lets John help him up, lets John right him when he starts tilting a little too far in one direction, lets John’s hand on his arm steer him towards his bedroom and send him off to bed.
She’s lying prone on top of her duvet, her eyes closed, still wearing the shoes and dress she’d been wearing during the day. She’s still,
He tastes the skin of Sherlock’s shoulder, breathes warm and humid against it when Sherlock’s arms come up to wrap around him, then shifts down to lick his nipple, swirling his tongue around it. Sherlock moans and arches his back, pressing up against John’s mouth, heel sliding up the back of John’s thigh, cock pressing insistently against John. John flicks his tongue against Sherlock’s nipple, gently bites it with his teeth. Sherlock moans again, helpless and loud, and thrusts his hips up, his hard cock jutting against John’s stomach.
Sherlock can feel his eyes on him, so he looks up from his notes. “What?” he says. “Why are you staring at me?”
John frowns. “Oh,” he says. It’s strange to think that there’s something Sherlock can struggle with. “I hope you find him soon,” he adds.
John pulls away for a moment, and Sherlock is relieved to see that John looks just as undone as he, himself, feels. “Alright?” John asks. His lips are flushed red and he’s breathing heavily.
“No?” Moriarty asks. He laughs. “When you came to this world, your connection to 221B Baker Street dissolved, and we both know that was the only thing keeping Sherlock alive. Sorry, Johnny, he’s gone.”
. It’s terrifying, and he doesn’t understand why he feels a bit like he did in the moments just before his feet met nothing but air after being secure on the edge of St. Bart’s.
“I don’t have a family, so I don’t know how it works, but wouldn’t you miss your mum and dad?” John asks.
The moment is fragile and emotional, and just as it threatens to become overwhelming, John clears his throat. “Don’t think it gets you out of the tea,” he says, and then they’re giggling, and Sherlock thinks unexpectedly of the Bruch, thinks of the longing of the first movement, the warmth of the second, the triumph and joy and exuberance of the third, and for the first time, he thinks that the human experience is one he treasures.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to do. He doesn’t know why the atmosphere changed, why it’s not heady and giggly and warm. “I’m sorry,” he says, mostly because he’s sure it’s his fault, even if he’s not sure what he did.
John doesn’t have time to think over the details of this statement, but Mycroft’s last words stand out to him.  “If she’s so strong, why did Sherlock let her do that?” John asks.  “He had to have known.  Why would he do that?”
John loses his sense of time; the only thing he can focus on is the way Sherlock looked at him, Sherlock’s words, Sherlock’s stupid sodding wish,
“No need to be a dick,” John says casually, reaching beside him for the paper. Frustrated, Sherlock makes it fall to his lap, and to his surprise, John laughs.
Instead, he finds himself walking the city, mind spinning, eager to get rid of the pent up frustrations and emotions inside of him and barely taking in his surroundings. He lets his mind drift, lets himself remember that cursed Christmas he’s put himself into rehab trying to forget about.
“Who said it was useless?” he asks.  There’s something inside him that wants to find whoever told her that and knock sense into them, to tell them to be kind to this little girl.
“It’s lonely, being an old man,” he replies. “I had a family once, a wife and a son. My son died in Borneo; he fought in the Indonesia-Malaysia war in the sixties. It was a long time ago now, but you never really get over something like that, you know?”
Sherlock shrugs, but can’t help but smile at the praise. “It’s obvious,” he says, feeling unaccountably shy. “I’m Sherlock,” he adds, his smile curling over his lips. Excitement bubbles through his veins; this has been the most incredible adventure he’s ever had, and the best part is that he thinks maybe he will have a friend! He can’t believe he’s met someone as interesting and cool as John – but then he freezes, and his eyes widen in panic. “I’m sorry,” he says in a rush. “My stupid brother dropped you and your arm –”
“A competition isn’t always about other people’s approval,” Sherlock points out.  “Perhaps it’s about my own goals.”
“Sherlock,” he murmurs, squeezing his neck just a little bit, time slowing down around him as everything becomes clear. “You love me.”
“Hmm,” John says again. He’s still looking at him, Sherlock can tell, and Sherlock stares at the notes on the pages in front of him and wishes he could care more about what they say than John’s reaction to him, but for once, he’s more interested in a person than his notes.
, John realizes, relief flooding him. He looks at the mantle where Billy sits and he swallows shakily, his legs threatening to give out. He doesn’t
“It was brilliant,” John tells Billy, sitting beside Sherlock and leaning forward. “I still don’t think I understand what just happened.”
“Just leave your address with Sherlock. I can at least call you and make sure you’re still alive, right?”
“Amazing!” Mary says from beside John, her bright eyes on Sherlock.   John can’t help but agree.  The crowd is cheering, but they grow silent again when Sherlock draws his bow once more.
She rubs at her face for a moment.  She can’t be more than eight or nine, and her face is blotchy and wet with tears.  “I can’t get there,” she says, choking on the words.  “But I have to hurry.”
“It’s alright,” John says. He tilts his head just enough to press a kiss against the corner of Sherlock’s mouth again. Their noses bump along the way, and he smiles, making them bump once more. Sherlock wrinkles his nose in annoyance, and John laughs.
“You’re brilliant, though, even if your magic’s different than most people’s. Weren’t your parents a bit excited about that?”
“I don’t know what other people have said to you about it,” John says carefully. “It seems like… I’m not brilliant like you, mind, but I’m not an idiot, either, and it seems like maybe people have… not been keen on your type of magic, but it’s really… it’s brilliant.
John just stares at him.  Something is twisting inside his chest, something painful and desperate.  “I care about you, you cock!  I had nothing at all in this entire world before I met you, don’t you know that?  I didn’t care if I lived or died, but you changed that, you idiot.  Where would I be without you?  Christ, you can’t just do things like that!”
John trudges up as usual, but his heart is pounding. He doesn’t know what to expect. When he opens the door, Sherlock is in the kitchen, making tea. He doesn’t talk or look up when John enters.
Sherlock smiles and takes a step forward, taking her by the shoulders and kissing her cheek. She blushes, her fair skin turning pink as soon as he’s close to her. “Of course, Molly,” he says. “It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”
“It’s cold in here,” John says. Sherlock can hardly focus on his voice, which sounds strangely defensive in a way Sherlock doesn't understand but which warms him. “And you’re too skinny. Have you eaten at all today?”
Sherlock leans forward and looks at the man’s pinky critically. “Hmm,” he says before leaning back, taking another sip of tea. “Do you have any bad habits?”
. John’s fingers card through his hair and he gasps, shivering when the hand drifts lower, drags down his spine, rubs against his back. John’s lips pull away much too soon and Sherlock automatically chases them with his own, and John presses a chaste kiss against his lips again, rubs his back soothingly, lets the thumb of his other hand slide back and forth, back and forth against his jaw. The sensation is incredible and overwhelming and Sherlock feels as if he’s melting. He closes his eyes and slumps against John, and John pulls him in, cradling his head next to John’s neck. Sherlock breathes him in, his fingers tightening on John’s waist, and John presses a kiss to his temple, soft and light.
He hasn’t touched it since John’s wedding; he’s had no desire. He looks at it now and there is an ache deep in his heart that he doesn’t know how to explain, but the thought of playing is daunting, and so he turns away. Maybe another day, he thinks.
“It’s perfectly alright, John,” she says, her expression unreadable. “It’s all true. Does that bother you?”
Sherlock frowns and feels his magic around him, and he swirls his hand and finds that sharp tug that he knows makes the confetti come, but he tugs a little harder this time, and this time, the confetti glitters in the air, drifts down towards the kitchen table, and stays, sinking into everyone’s breakfast. Sherlock’s lip wobbles and he winces when Mummy hastily charms his confetti away, her magic skittering over his skin and leaving goosebumps in its wake.
John blinks at him, his heart pounding, and feels desperation wash over him. He needs to find Sherlock, he remembers, and there’s blood dripping into his collar and cold panic gripping him. His head is pounding and he feels nauseous, sure he will throw up at any moment. Terror is clawing at his insides, and the fear of losing Sherlock is real and tangible when suddenly, almost hysterically, he realizes that he’s going about this all wrong.
“Feels good,” Sherlock admits, his voice barely above a whisper. His heart is beating fast, and he knows that this is different, that this is new, but surrounded by John like he is, having spent the past few hours with his magic deeply intertwined with John’s, sitting in his secret room that’s dripping with John’s magic, he can’t bring himself to move, to deny himself this.
John can’t bring himself to be annoyed by Sherlock’s response, not when it’s true. The bedroom is quiet for a moment, neither of them speaking in the dim evening light, but then John frowns, looking up at Sherlock. “But I don’t understand,” he says. “Why is everything in my life so crazy?” He thinks of the spirits, of Sherlock, of the talking skull he considers a friend. He feels frustrated and desperate. “She was the only person I knew who was normal. She wasn’t supposed to – why is she like this?”
,” Sherlock says. John kisses Sherlock on the mouth again, hot and insistent, and Sherlock melts into the kiss. He
“I was…” He hiccups, then takes a sip of wine. “I couldn’t.” He feels desperate suddenly, eager for the conversation to end.
The skull yawns, its head swiveling far back from its bottom jaw. “Too long,” it says. “How long has it been, exactly?”
, Sherlock. There’s a lot more that drives me than a need for danger. That’s not why I’m leaving Mary. That’s part of it, but it’s not
Greg quirks a grin. “Right,” he says turning back to John. “If you called it one, you wouldn’t exactly be wrong.”
, and Sherlock opens his eyes, ready to meet anger in John’s face, but John looks startled and a bit shocked.
John reaches out and puts his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, near his neck. Sherlock closes his eyes and a breath leaves him and his shoulders sag. He can’t handle this, he
“It’s only the afternoon,” Sherlock says, though he can’t think of anything he’d like to do more than to crawl into bed with John, to curl his body around John’s and touch every inch of him and never let go.
Sherlock’s never been around so much magic before. He hasn’t realized he’s stopped walking or that he’s making soft sounds of distress until Dad is picking him up and pulling him into a narrow alleyway between two buildings. Mycroft is making embarrassed and annoyed sounds and Mummy is standing uncomfortably in front of the alleyway, trying to block her son from view.
body. He decides to try moving his hand and it twitches on his knee. Its swift and expected response is reassuring, and finally, he feels as if he belongs in this body on this sofa again. He lifts his hand, lets it fall on Redbeard’s head, scratches him gently, and feels his delicate bones beneath his fingers, allowing the familiar feeling to ground him in this reality.
Redbeard doesn’t reply, of course, but he does press his face close to John for one second longer, and then he steps away, going to the door and scratching it with one elegant paw, looking at John imploringly.
Somehow, his response makes Sherlock smile, a tiny small smile, and he closes his eyes in wonder – of course John can make him smile while he feels like his guts are being ripped out of him.
He sighs, stretching out his fingers, grimacing at the burn of callouses reforming. He’ll try again tomorrow, he thinks.
Sherlock hums his agreement, then pauses for a moment before looking at John sharply. “So, what’s an ex-Auror doing working as a general Healer in St. Mungo’s? Isn’t that a bit boring for you?”
John kisses him, long and slow, squeezing Sherlock’s fingers before gently pulling his hand away. He slides his hands under Sherlock’s shirt and lets his fingers caress Sherlock’s skin, feels the tantalizing arch of Sherlock’s spine, treasures the gasp he’s rewarded with when he runs his fingers up and down Sherlock’s sides.
John can’t help it; he giggles again. He turns away from Sherlock, laughter overtaking him, until he’s wiping at his eyes again. When he turns back, Sherlock is still smiling at him.
“Interesting,” Sherlock says. John sighs, frustrated, and settles into his chair, holding his fingers out for Redbeard to climb over them. He holds Redbeard in front of his face and looks at him for a moment, lettings his thoughts drift and listening as Sherlock goes to the kitchen. He hasn’t even realized time has passed until Sherlock is back, pressing a cup of tea into his hands. Grateful, he takes it, letting Redbeard wind around his wrist.
in it as he looks up, his angular features illuminated by the moon. Something softens in John, and he smiles.
It’s a short moment, but again, time seems to stretch, and in that moment, layered with the present is every time his heart has ached for John, every time he’s laid awake at night imagining John, every time he’s played his violin for John, every time John’s smiled at him and sent a flush of warmth over his body, every time their hands have touched over a cup of tea or a passed phone, every moment of his life with John, and when John pulls away a moment later, Sherlock can’t move. He’s frozen, his eyes half closed, his lips just beginning to part. The sensations he’s just felt haven’t even registered in his mind yet and he’s trying to catalogue the ghost of the previous moment, the feel of John’s soft lips still lingering on his own.
“How is it better?” John asks, frustrated.  “I wanted to see Mary.”  He pauses, and then hastily adds, “Don’t answer that.  Just don’t.”
“No,” John says, “I suppose not. Bit weird, though. I’m used to seeing you use a phone, not an owl.”
“What’s your name, then?” John continues. Against his better judgment, he’s beginning to trust this man.
“Lie still. Don’t move. Just relax. It will work, I know it will,” Sherlock says, eyes not wavering from John’s leg.
“No reason,” John says. His voice is a bit hoarse. “So my magic doesn’t – it’s not like the magic at St. Mungo’s to you?”
John boggles at this.  He doesn’t know what to make of it.  “Right,” he says slowly.  “So, he couldn’t help me.  But, the ribbon…?”
Sherlock shivers when John’s lips brush his skin, and then he opens his eyes, looking down at John. His eyes are shining with moisture again, and John swallows. John’s hand is trembling now where it lies against Sherlock’s skin, but he gently presses against the back of Sherlock’s neck, pulling Sherlock’s head down just a little bit.
“Thank you,” John tells him, voice quiet and intense. “Thank you so much, Sherlock. So much. This is – I didn't think I’d ever be able to walk normally again, I really didn’t. You’re incredible. Honestly, I don’t think it’s even hit me yet, what you’ve done.”
The next time John finds himself heading up to the roof in his pajamas, a few days after the first time, he is able to recognize that he’s dreaming, or at least that he’s not awake in the traditional sense of the word. Greg is sitting in the same place as last time, but without a cigarette. Greg looks up at John with a grin, moonlight dancing over his boyish features.
John ignores the jealousy swirling in his stomach and watches as the next competitor enters the performing area.  It’s Sherlock, and everything about him is completely different from the other athletes.
touching seem incomprehensible. John is smiling a soft, small smile, pressing kisses everywhere he can reach, whispering sweet and beautiful things, things Sherlock can’t respond to yet, not now, when he feels as if his entire body and mind and heart have been reset, as if he’s just coming alive for the very first time, as if he is well and truly loved.
) if maybe this is all some kind of trick. He tells himself that Sherlock has just stepped out to run an errand, that he’s just being a dick as usual; that he’s waiting in Speedy’s and this has all been his terrible idea of a joke. John swallows shakily, nods, and goes to the door to the street. He pulls the door open, but just before he’s about to step outside, a hand lands on his chest, pushing him forcefully back in.
Mycroft pauses and looks at John as if he’s a particularly annoying housefly and gives a thin smile.  “This gift was made by you, someone with many unique abilities including an unusually strong power to attract spirits, and it was eaten by Sherlock, someone with a power that many beings in this universe desire to claim as their own.  As such, it has become a very important artifact, only capable of being taken by someone with quite strong power themselves.”
. John pulls him forward, like he had at the crime scene, and holds him close, keeping his fingers threaded into his hair. Sherlock is stiff for a moment.
Sherlock stands awkwardly next to the bed while John sets the monitor down on the nightstand. Sherlock’s heart is beating fast, and he can do little more than stare at John, who is fiddling with the buttons on the monitor and not looking at him. When John finally turns around, he takes in Sherlock’s face then frowns, and Sherlock starts to feel nervous, but John steps forward, crossing the distance between them and cupping Sherlock’s face in his hands.
Now, though, they are standing in an alley, breathing heavily. They’d gone to the suspect’s office, intending to casually ask around for some information, but when the suspect showed up unexpectedly and caught sight of their faces, his eyebrows shot up in recognition and Sherlock and John ran when he started to give chase. The suspect chased them down staircases and through hallways until they got outside, and Sherlock took a roundabout route to bring he and John to the alley where they stand now.
Sherlock shakes his head, pulling himself violently away from Mummy’s touch. “No, it was real!” he says. He feels his lip quiver. “He was my
“Sherlock, Christ, mmm,” John says.  He’s never good with words in the morning, and Sherlock feels a smile curl at his lips around John’s nipple.  John’s fingers work their way into his curls again, and Sherlock can’t help but let out a pleased exhale, and John shivers.  Sherlock kisses his chest again, then lets his teeth tease against John’s nipple.  He knows John loves this, and he does, too; he loves anything that allows him to taste John, to know the feel of him on his tongue, to feel his cock harden, to hear his breaths quicken and feel his pulse elevate.
John tilts his head for a moment, staring at Sherlock incredulously.  “You can’t just follow me to Mary’s,” he says.
John rolls his eyes and turns away from him, towards the woman.  He walks a few steps until he’s standing in front of her.
John moves in with Sherlock a few days later, taking the upstairs room in 221B. It’s not very big, but it’s much nicer than the small, bleak bedsit he’d had before. It’s not much of a change in his routine, either, not when he’d been spending so much time at Baker Street already. He wakes up on his first morning there and makes breakfast, but Sherlock says he’s not eating.
John frowns. “Yeah,” he says. “Is that honestly what surprises you? Not that I’ve made friends with a ninety year old war veteran?”
“Oh, that?” Greg shakes his head. “That’s nothing, just a trick, really; learned it out of necessity.”
“No, I’m not a complete idiot,” John says, taking another sip and giving Sherlock an annoyed look. “I asked for proof. He mentioned Billy.”
“You did such a good job,” John tells him, voice soft and warm. “Christ, you’re brilliant. You’re so brilliant, Sherlock. Thank you.”
John sighs and rubs his forehead, grimacing. “Okay,” he says. “Okay.” He pauses and takes a deep breath, absently rubbing his fingertip over Redbeard’s head. The urge to shout and complain again that no one tells him anything builds deep in his stomach, but his desire to find Sherlock is greater, and so he takes another deep, stuttering breath to calm himself down.
They walk forward for a while, but the scenery doesn’t change; the tunnel seems endless. He’s not sure how long they’ve been walking, but he’s tired and shaky with adrenaline and tension when they finally come to a crossroads.
John just stares at Billy, who looks to be in satisfied agreement with Sherlock, and he wonders, not for the first time, how he’s managed to get himself involved with this mad group.  “I don’t bloody care if Sherlock liked it,” he says.  “It was for Mary!”
She looks like she’s been crying, and she’s walking stiffly, as if she’s in pain. She sits on the edge of the bed, as far from John as possible.
“This is a place of highly concentrated spiritual energy. I haven’t healed your shoulder; it’s liable to give you trouble in the future if you do something to stress it. But today, it was exacerbated by…” He pauses, eyes looking away from John for a moment as he thinks, before continuing. “By negative energy. I knew the water here would help you,” Sherlock says. His hand is still warm on John’s shoulder, his thumb rubbing circles into John’s watery shirt.
John giggles and holds the bandana in his hand. He pictures it around a mess of unruly black curls and grins when his giggles taper off. It’s a heady feeling, imagining Sherlock as anything but the composed man he knows now. He finds it terribly endearing, and he suddenly wants to see Sherlock more than anything. He yawns, exhaustion hitting him out of nowhere.
He falters, though, when a strange smell assaults his senses.  He chokes and covers his face with his hand, his eyes watering.  He walks forward a bit more, into the smell, and he slowly starts to get used to it.  He takes his hand away, and then pauses when he hears the faint sound of someone crying.
There’s a house up ahead, a large manor-like estate in a perfectly round clearing. The clearing is lined with a circle of what has to be hundreds of brightly colored hydrangeas, all in vibrant full bloom. John and Sherlock step through the only gap in the hydrangeas onto a stone pathway that leads to the front door. The pathway is lined with daffodils, just like the ones on the urn they’d travelled through.
The spirits are getting closer and he squeezes his eyes shut; these are enemies for which he has no weapon, and he can’t think of anything to do to help either Sherlock or himself. He can feel sweat trickling down his neck and his breath is shaky and high and fast and he wonders why Sherlock isn’t
He watches her breathe, feels her little body expand and contract against his arm, feels the softness and warmth against his chest, and finds himself memorizing
“Oh,” John says. “Alright, then.” He seems a bit awkward, and Sherlock suddenly realizes he has no idea what he’s supposed to talk about now.
“I know,” Sherlock says. He’s sure to keep himself composed, but the thoughts he’s been having are swirling inside of him, forming and convalescing into a truth he’s known but hasn’t been able to ever give voice to. His thoughts feel like deductions at a crime scene, pulling at his tongue for release to the world in the form of words he can never take back. His hands are shaking just a little bit around Iris and he hopes John can’t see.   He feels certain John is about to tell him that he’s leaving, that Sherlock has overstepped, that Sherlock is not necessary in this equation.
But none of those things can help him, and he’s left standing alone, his hands balled into tight fists, his eyes closed, his heart in his throat, bereft. Redbeard nudges him with his long snout, and John buries his hand in his ruff for a moment and leans his head on top of Redbeard’s, keeping his eyes closed. His heart is still pounding, but Redbeard’s presence helps, somehow, and he focuses on the feeling of his fur around him. He’s not sure what to do next, how to find Sherlock again, but Redbeard makes a whining sound and cranes his head towards the way they came, so John follows him.
Sherlock abruptly stops speaking when he sees John, his eyes zeroing in on the bag in John’s hand. He stands up on the couch and then hops off and rushes to John, stepping on and over the coffee table in the process. He immediately grabs the cigarettes as soon as he’s in reach.
Sherlock sits up, and hastily tugs his sheet back into place when it slides down his shoulder. “You still want me to fix your leg?”
Distantly, he hears the door open and smells a rush of familiar things – John’s shampoo, disinfectant from the clinic, the cold of impending snow – and he sucks in a breath, wills himself to settle.
“Of course I would have done,” John says immediately, his voice raw, stunned by how sure he is of his answer as the possibilities of a life without Sherlock bloom in his mind, possibilities that have recently seemed all too real.
“I think you’ll be exciting enough,” John says, eager for a bit of normalcy in his life. He grins and steps down to the pavement, thinking this day is proving interesting already, even without Sherlock. He holds out his arm for the old man, who takes it gratefully and shuffles alongside John.
He sees his gran, and observes that she has a pocketful of sweets, and thinks he will have to get to her before Mycroft. He looks around eagerly, enchanted by the warmth of the fairy lights on their tall Christmas tree and the many wreaths and sconces around the ballroom. The hors d’oeuvres are out already, and Sherlock eyes the display with excitement, eager to eat all of the special Christmas food. He continues scanning the room in search of one particular person, but his favorite guest, Uncle Augustus, has not yet arrived.
Sherlock smiles, safe to do so since John can see nothing but his back, and he carefully makes the tea.
He tries to focus on the unusually cool breeze rather than the way his heart is beating quickly in his chest, but it’s more difficult than he expects, as most things with Mary are.  He’s come to Mary’s house without calling first, but he’s hoping she’ll be home.
“No,” John interrupts. He lifts his head up and presses light, gentle, unhurried kisses along Sherlock’s cheekbone, temple, and ear. His hands are still warm against Sherlock’s face as his lips flutter against Sherlock’s skin, and Sherlock’s breathing becomes shallow as his stomach twists. Somehow, this feels even more intense than the kiss they’d just shared, and Sherlock can’t help it; the burn in his sinuses is back, and he feels hot tears pooling in the corners of his eyes. He closes his eyes, his lip quivering, and grips John’s wrists in his hands, tries to pull them away, but John keeps them where they are. John presses a kiss against Sherlock’s temple again, but this time, he holds his lips there, doesn’t move. Sherlock’s hands lose their grip on John’s wrists and fall away and the tears are leaking from his eyes and he can’t stop it, and John brushes them away with his thumbs. It’s quiet in the apartment, dusk filtering in the windows, and the only sounds are Sherlock’s breaths hitching between them. It’s like hushed magic, and Sherlock’s not sure it’s even real.
“Alright?” John asks.  His voice is rough, and Sherlock’s chest is heaving and he picks up his head to look at John.  His eyes are wide, he knows, and he thinks he must look possessed, crazed.
John breaks the kiss and pulls up on the hem of Sherlock’s shirt, working with Sherlock pull it over his head, his throat growing dry as he watches more and more of Sherlock’s smooth, porcelain skin come into view. He tosses the shirt away as soon as he can and kisses Sherlock again, hungrily, his hands eagerly caressing the smooth planes of Sherlock’s back, touching as much skin as he can, almost frantic in his desire.
Sherlock looks up and narrows his eyes, assessing John carefully. “I see,” he says, and John wonders exactly how much he means.
“That’s all I can tell you for now,” Mycroft says. He stands, dusting off his trousers. “The rest is up to you.”
John gives Sherlock a scrutinizing look to which Sherlock merely raises one eyebrow. This is absolutely one of the strangest situations John’s ever been in, but he knows he has nothing to lose at this point, so he shakes his head and follows Mrs. Hudson out the door of the flat and down the stairs.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock says. His eyes are narrowed again, looking at John intently. “He can be quite useful in a variety of situations.”
“Shut up,” John repeats. “I really love you, even though it seems like a bloody mad thing to do, and we’re going to figure it out and it will be fine. Alright?”
“Right, yes, sorry for intruding on you, I’ll just take my dog tags and leave, then,” he says, crossing the short distance between them and holding his hand out towards Sherlock expectantly.
Sherlock is just out of rehab, and he’s refused his parents’ invitation to come home for Christmas. He hates Christmas; he always has, ever since that night with John that torments him even now. He sits in his new flat on Baker Street, alone and just barely able to pay the rent, miserable and cold and desperate for something to take his mind off the fact that it’s Christmas. It’s dark save for the fairy lights Mrs. Hudson has put on his mantle, and he scowls at them, trying desperately not to think of sitting in a little room inside a giant castle, eating sweets beside a fire.
“Same as your father,” the man murmurs, picking up his forgotten pipe with his free hand and taking another long pull. He lets the smoke out lazily again before turning to John with a sharp expression. “And giving your name and birthdate away so quickly is
“Sherlock,” John says. His voice is softer now, tinged with worry. His palm feels clammy against Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock breathes deep through his nose. He knows he can’t stay like this forever. He swallows, steels himself, and sits up. John’s hand slips away. He ignores the way the room spins for a moment, closes his eyes, and takes a deep breath. It’s shaky, but he’s doing his best to regain whatever control on himself he has.
“Ah, Sherlock, what a lovely surprise.” The voice is oily smooth and accompanied by a bland smile, and John’s jaw drops.
Inexplicably, Sherlock wants to cry. He uncurls a hand from his hair and pulls John’s blanket more tightly around himself, but doesn’t turn away from the back of the couch. He doesn’t think he can speak. He doesn’t know what’s happening to him.
Sherlock blinks and for a split second, his brain freezes and spins all at once, and then he nods sharply and hurries up the stairs, grabs his coat, and turns back around, shrugging into it as he hustles down to meet John. He opens the door and helps lift the pram out to the sidewalk, and then falls into step beside John. He shoves his hands in his pockets as they walk, and John is still murmuring to Iris, though she probably can’t hear it over her cries.
John’s never imagined Sherlock as a child before; he’s never imagined him as anything other than what he is now. The idea of a mini Sherlock running and playing has honestly never occurred to him. He looks down for a moment, a small smile playing on his lips. He’s intrigued by this small glimpse into Sherlock’s world, this small facet of information that somehow makes him more human even in its absurdity. He files it away for later, and focuses back on Greg.
When John comes home after seeing Arthur on Thursday, he can hear the phone ringing from the sidewalk before he even puts his key in the lock. He sighs and rubs a hand over his forehead, then makes his way inside. The warmth of being indoors feels good, but he stops to have a coughing fit before he makes his way up the stairs. He’s been getting worse since he first started feeling ill on Tuesday; the clinic told him not to come in tomorrow, and he’s inclined to think they have the right idea.
Sherlock ignores the sounds of Mycroft apologizing for him and edges his way into the kitchen, hoping to go unseen. He sneaks into his favorite crevice between the refrigerator and the counter, a space so narrow he’s the only one who fits, while the warm, familiar scents of meat pies and cakes and biscuits make his stomach growl and his mouth water. Carefully, he peeks around the counter and does some reconnaissance, observes that his prediction had been correct and Herbert is nowhere in sight, and slithers out of his hiding spot to go straight to the counter, where sure enough, there is a small plate with three small meringues sitting atop it. He smiles and takes one, popping it into his mouth and savoring the flavor on his tongue, smiling around the sweet taste.
He swallows shakily and carefully sets the violin down, then reaches into his case to remove his bow. Carefully, he tightens it to the tension he desires, and then he rosins it, the bow strangely familiar and yet unfamiliar in his hands.
“Of course she will be; she’s yours,” Sherlock says, and it doesn’t click until a moment later that maybe that was insensitive and he winces, looking hesitantly at John, but John looks up at him in amusement, and he smiles at Sherlock and then the back of his fingertips brush against Sherlock’s collarbone as he takes his hand away from Iris’ head. Sherlock does his best not to shiver, but he’s uncomfortably aware that he fails.
John comes back on a drizzly afternoon. The lackluster rain is unremarkable, as are the grey skies and predictable traffic patterns. To Sherlock, though, it's a day unlike any other: 221B is brimming with promise once more, filled with potential and warmth and something fragile that makes his pulse quicken and his stomach flutter if he allows himself to focus on it for too long.
John’s lips settle into a firm line, and he crosses his arms over his chest. “You - you’re the one who told me how important it is to live,” he says. “And now you do this? How
“Having fun?” Mycroft drawls suddenly from where he’s reappeared in the doorway, one eyebrow arched.
“Er, right, nice to meet you, Mr. Holmes, but I really should be going,” he says. He pushes against the arms of his chair and stands.
“John,” says a relieved voice.  He looks up and Sherlock is there, holding the other end of the blue and white ribbon, and he drops to his knees beside John.
“When I was a child, I didn’t do any accidental magic,” he says after a moment, eyes still on the menu. He doesn't know why he’s saying it; he just is.
“Ah,” Sherlock says. He sets his plate down and steeples his hands underneath his chin, eyeing John speculatively. John sighs; he knows a strange answer will probably be forthcoming, and a mixture of fondness and irritation builds inside of him. Fondness wins out easily at the familiar way Sherlock scrutinizes him, though, and John patiently waits for Sherlock to speak, his heart beating quickly at the feeling of Sherlock’s eyes on him.
John doesn’t look at her; instead, he keeps his eyes absently on Redbeard, watching him but not really taking him in. “I don’t know,” he says, clenching and unclenching his left hand, looking anywhere but at her concerned face. “It’s – Sherlock is –” He pauses, something in his chest twisting, making it hard to speak. “He’s gone,” he finally says. It’s so different to say the words out loud than to think them; it makes all of this
John is no longer a little boy, but he still has the same blue eyes, the same sandy blonde hair. John rushes forward, as fast as he can with the cane in his hands, and they stare at each other for a moment, and then John reaches out and grabs him by the forearms, cane forgotten, and stares at him, his eyes searching his face. “It’s really you,” John says, his eyes wide, the lights of the tree reflecting on them in a way that makes Sherlock’s own eyes burn, and John’s voice is awed and something clicks inside of Sherlock and he knows that this is
“It was like that until I went to uni, made a fresh start,” John says. “I was the kid with no parents who said weird creepy shit. He was my only friend, really, when I was younger.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says again, his voice strained. “I can’t – I tried not to, John. I really did. I just want you to be happy.” He sounds miserable and anxious. “I -”
John’s body would be under Sherlock’s hands, nor had he imagined how silky smooth John’s lips would be, the salty taste of John’s skin, the way his own skin shivers beneath John’s fingers.
“Enough of this,” Sherlock says, following John into his room. “We’re going to the roof, and we don’t have a lot of time.” He sets the water and urn down on John’s desk for a moment and opens the window, letting in a rush of late summer’s cool night air. It’s crisp against the warm air of John’s bedroom, and John feels his excitement for the evening begin to build.
Sherlock blinks, remembering what he’d said in the beginning of the conversation, and distractedly rattles off his deductions, eager to get back to John’s story, but John looks at him with wide eyes, his lips parted. “
John laughs. “Yeah, ‘course you did,” he says. His eyes are crinkled in the corners, and he’s smiling at Sherlock. He looks
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut. He feels his hands begin to shake and his posture is starting to crumble. His heart is pounding; his thoughts are racing.
She reaches out suddenly and takes his hands, her own hands soft and warm. “Please don’t cry, John,” she says.
Sherlock is still for a moment, staring at the puddle, hands sweaty around his violin. He sets it down slowly, carefully, and then remains where he’s standing, trying to work his mind around what it’s uncovered.
John is so close now that there is barely a hand’s width between them. Sherlock is sure that their chests are close enough that John can feel the desperate pounding of his heart, but John makes no reaction if he does. Instead, he squeezes Sherlock’s left hand once, then drops it, and Sherlock swallows loudly when John brings his hand up instead, lets it cup the side of Sherlock’s face. Sherlock feels a shiver run down his spine, feels his breath hitch, feels like he can’t breathe because
John hasn’t realized he’s fallen asleep until his text alert invades his consciousness. He comes awake with a surprised start, his body jerking, before he blinks the sleep out of his eyes and winces at the pain in his shoulder, which is increasingly sharp. He tries to process the sound that woke him and when he realizes it’s his phone, he pulls it out of his pocket. The flat is dark around him, and his screen glows bright against the darkness. He’s not surprised to see that his text is from Sherlock.
Sherlock smiles at him for a moment, and then reaches down for the tote bag, long forgotten.  He picks it up and pulls Billy out, holding him in front of his face.  “Thank you for helping John,” Sherlock says, his voice surprisingly earnest.
“I’m sorry Mycroft is a git,” he whispers to him, holding him tight against his chest. He lays down beside the tree, holding his nutcracker close and admiring the way the fairy lights reflect on the shiny ornaments, and before he knows it, his eyes grow heavy and he falls asleep thinking about all the adventures he can have with his new friend.
Sherlock’s heart is still pounding and he doesn’t know what to do. He’s never had emotions like this before, nor has he had a friend like this before, and if he’s honest with himself, he’s never even let himself give in to the mere
“And that’s why you bought my favorite jam? Because you’re selfish?” John asks, gesturing towards the cabinet.
John looks at him, at the long line of his body, at the natural grace in which he moves, at the way in which he somehow looks like he belongs no matter where he goes, and he sits beside him with a sigh, folding his knees in front of his chest and wrapping his arms around them, looking out over the pond.
“Come on, wake up,” John says once he’s returned.  He stares at Sherlock’s closed eyes and pats him on the cheek, hoping he’ll wake.  He’s surprised at how cool and smooth Sherlock’s skin is under his hand, and he swallows hard, letting his hand rest against Sherlock’s cheek for a moment, his thumb rubbing along Sherlock’s cheekbone as he tries to focus.
She glances at John for a moment, then nods at Sherlock. “Alright. That’s an interesting skull you have. Did you get that at the Halloween shop?”
When John wakes again, he’s lying in his bed in exactly the same position he’d been in when he went to bed around eleven the night before, and he’s clutching the bag of cigarettes in his hand. He looks at it in confusion, and his confusion grows deeper when he hears the rain outside. It had been raining when he went to bed the night before, and it’s raining now, and yet the roof hadn’t been wet when he’d met Greg around three, and he has no recollection of actually leaving his bed or returning to it.
Mary just stares at him again, a look of disbelief on her face. “You are so fucking stupid,” she tells him again. “How can you tell me you’ll miss me when I almost killed you? Don’t ask me where I’m going.”
“Get started doing what, exactly?” John asks, eyeing the items Sherlock has placed around him in his little clutter-free zone dubiously. Billy is across from Sherlock, wearing the same unreadable skull’s expression he always wears, but there is also a large decorative vase, almost like an urn, and a tall glass bottle of what appears to be water.
Calmly, Sherlock raises his bow, and the athletic center is silent.  He sets his arrow, and the sound of creaking wood as he pulls it back echoes through the vast hall.  And then, calmly, as if he’s doing nothing that requires any effort or concentration at all, he lets go, and the arrow shoots directly into the center of the target.
John turns on the news while they eat leftover Indian from the night before, and Sherlock listens disinterestedly as they describe a murder in SoHo, a young woman killed while she was walking home alone from a bar at three AM.
“John,” Sherlock says when John is almost at the bottom. He’s sitting on the arm of the couch, his feet on the cushion. “Billy and I were just - ”
A few days later, Sherlock is walking to the shops when he gets a text from Mike, who says that John is in hospital because there’s been an accident. He doesn’t reply; he just ducks into an alley and Apparates even though he’s wearing Muggle clothes and doesn’t have his usual thick robes for going into magical places.
“Warm,” Sherlock says. He closes his eyes, lets the feeling wash over him. It’s heady, sublime, especially with John sitting next to him in this room, with the wine buzzing through him. “Feels good,” he adds. “It’s like a blanket.”
John cards his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and presses a kiss to the top of his head.  “It’s alright,” John says.  “You’re alright.”
,” Sherlock says. He doesn’t know how to explain what he means, doesn’t have words for it. “I only wanted you to be happy,” he says again. “I thought that would be enough. But I never dared to think you could be happy with
Sherlock nods.  He feels vulnerable and exposed but somehow safe, and he sighs in pleasure when John tenderly brushes a curl off his forehead, sweeps a thumb over his temple, kisses his cheek and the corner of his mouth.
The hand grows gentle after a moment, though, and John’s voice is gentle, too, telling him to breathe. “In, out, in, out, that’s it, just breathe, Sherlock,” John is saying, and Sherlock can’t explain it, but a hot rush is forming behind his sinuses.
He sits down on the couch with his tea, and gestures for John to join him. John sits in the armchair he’d sat in the day before, watching the doorway apprehensively. Footsteps come up the stairs, and the man from the day before enters the room without so much as knocking.
“Don’t run inside,” Mycroft says, and Mummy is standing by his side with an arched eyebrow that makes Sherlock scowl.
All too soon, though, the restaurant is empty, and it’s only them left behind. “Come over?” Sherlock asks, his heart beating fast. “My flat is only a few minutes away.”
“You have questions,” Sherlock says after a moment. His voice is strangely hesitant, and John takes a sip of tea, then leans forward to set his teacup down on the table, Sherlock’s hand drifting off his back as he does so.
Finally, after a long and fruitless day, one of Mycroft’s cars brings him home. In the sleek and impersonal car, wrapped in the armor of his tailored suit, it’s easy to fall into the logical sociopath persona he’s so carefully crafted. But when the car pulls up to 221B, he’s shocked by the sudden wall of emotion, mostly relief, which hits him.
With an increasing sense of urgency, John starts to walk faster down the busy London street, his footsteps growing louder and louder amongst fragments of conversations he can’t help but overhear –
John smiles at him. It’s small and soft and open, a smile Sherlock has only seen a handful of times, a smile he’s revisited time and time again in his mind palace. His eyes trail to John’s mouth, take in the smile there, take in the soft texture of his lips, the gentle curve of them. He can’t look away, and as he realizes he’s staring, he forces his eyes back up to John’s. When he does, John takes a step closer, and Sherlock manages to stay rooted on the spot, though he is simultaneously torn between fleeing and rushing closer to John.
Sherlock keeps moving his fingers, keeps letting the lights swirl. “I’ve always thought so, too,” he says.
“Are you serious?” John asks as he sits heavily in his armchair, resting his hands on the familiar arms to get the feel of it once more. He laughs, shaking his head. “‘Is it alright?’ Of
“He’s clearly hysterical,” Mycroft says. “None of us want to see him upset like this, but don’t you think it’s unhealthy he’s so attached to it all of a sudden?”
John pulls off, smiles up at her. “Alright?” she asks, letting her fingers soothe down Sherlock’s side.
“It really, really is,” John says. He holds his hand out, and Sherlock grudgingly puts the bandana in his palm but not without an exaggerated scoff.
Immediately, he ignores Mike in favor of scanning his companion, a shorter, handsome man leaning heavily on a cane. Strong, golden magic, with a dark stain in the area of his weaker leg. Curious.
She takes her hands away from her mouth and hesitates for a moment, looking away and biting her lip as her fingers twist into her long skirt. After a moment she stands and walks over to him, her shoulders drawn up with worry. “It’s very dangerous,” she tells him as she sits beside him. “I hope you understand when I tell you that I can’t help you. You’ll die.”
“I told you you let him play too much,” Mycroft says, and Sherlock swivels his head to glare at him; he hadn’t even noticed his presence in his distress. “He could be smart, but you let him run wild. Just look at him; he really believes this happened.”
the importance you needed. And that is the same importance ordinary mortals shouldn’t be born with, the same importance that ensured my wish was granted, the same importance that made you capable of negating Moriarty’s claim on my life. It’s a cycle, John, and your perfectly clever wish sealed it all,” Sherlock says, staring at John with excitement and passion that John can’t latch onto just yet.
