The alpha's heart broke further when he caught his mate's pleading gaze. It wasn't Steve. He did not beg. It showed the true brokenness of his mate.
Piper hesitantly followed Lena out of the room, waving goodbye to Winter. The alpha went to the window, watching her disappear down the hall. All he could do was wait.
“This building doesn’t have any keys, but the meaning is still the same. We've been together for almost three months and you spend so much time here anyway-
“Nothing inhumane a lie detector that I’ve yet to pass. As soon as I know something, I’ll report to you,” she said.
"Keep an eye on both them. I want hourly reports on Piper's location and state of mind," said Steve, as he finally stood to leave. He did feel guilty of spying on his daughter, but it was for her well being as soon as she well enough to be trusted on her
Steve carefully cupped the back of Tony’s head and shoulder, gently pulling Tony’s nose into his neck. It took everything in Steve to force himself to purr, but he managed it. Slowly the alpha began to relax. Steve slowly pulled away, searching for any signs of need from his mate, then he touched their foreheads together. He was so sorry. Before letting go, he placed a light kiss on Tony’s lips.
"I'll show you." They walked silently down the paths winding through the countless headstones. “Half the Howling Commandos are buried here, so are you."
“I’m happy,” he said. Tony couldn’t remember the last he was truly happy. There were no burdens weighing him down at the moment. He was relaxed.
"When Harley mention the wormhole, I had an anxiety attack. I couldn't breathe, couldn't function. It was just a kid asking me questions, and that was enough to put me in a frantic state. I'm afraid it will happen in front of Piper when she starts asking questions."
Steve sat in a cushy leather chair in the study. The room was painted green and the walls were lined with shelves. Little tokens of Peggy and Henry’s life littered the shelves. His gaze stopped on a framed photo of his first day of training camp. Why did Peggy have this? Back then he never thought he'd have this. Happily married, a parent, and independent it had been such a far off dream. He came close with, Peggy, but reached it seventy years later with Tony. So many random chances lead him to this point in his life. Piper pulled away stretching out lazily.
“That’s where you want to have the baby?” Steve nodded. “I’ll start moving blanket and pillows into our room.”
He was back to non-interactive. The communication was nice while it lasted. She hugged herself. Piper sniffed her clothes, trying to pick up Papa's scent but smoke clung to the fabric. She started humming the song Papa sang to her whenever she had a bad dream.
“The ails of aging nothing for you to concern yourself with. I wish he could have spent more time here,” she said. Her sharp tone didn’t allow him to question.
“To keep me from ever going back to a heat facility Bucky claimed to be my alpha on paper. He would stay with me while I was in heat, never making a move to touch. Him being there was my only comfort." He stayed close to Tony, clinging tightly to him.
She would find him again if it were the last thing she did. Piper cried out as her power surged. She straightened when a feral instinct overtook her, tucking her fingers around the collar and easily breaking it from her neck. She charged into the base, letting her nose guide her.
“For Carnival a massive annual festival. Millions of people dancing, partying, and drinking in the streets. Countless beautiful omega dressed in-
Steve bared his neck. Screaming when Tony's teeth pierced his neck. His vision blanked with pleasure. Steve went limp, completely sated. All he could do was purr. Their new bond sparked alive, bringing warmth, safety, and reassurance that he would never be alone. It was so right. His tethered to this world. Whatever remaining strength he went to milking his alpha’s knot. Steve lost himself to the bliss.
They wanted him to turn the pup into a version of him. How long would it take for such a transformation to take place? He didn't want her to change. But, if she'd stood any chance of survival, she would have to.
"It predates any known Mandarin attacks. The instant was the use of a bomb to assist a suicide. The heat signature is remarkably similar. 3,000 degrees Celsius,” said Jarvis.
“Hello, Captain Rogers its an honor to meet you. If you need anything, please don’t hesitate to ask,” said a disembodied English accented voice.
“Sir, you seemed to be suffering from Broken Heart Syndrome. All you can do is try and wait it through."
Steve hurried to Tony. His chest constricted when he saw the image of Piper. She was nervously biting her lip, eyes red and cheeks damp from tears. Their daughter was terrified and there was nothing they could do nothing.
The buzzed cut asshole had the kid! He tried moving the metal but he was helpless. Every instinct screaming at him to protect the pup. He struggled against the metal pinning, growling at the man. The jackass was sitting in the Santa chair in front of him.
"An omega pup came running up to me a the store and hugged me, thanking me for saving them from the aliens. He'd run off from his aunt to see me. Had to help him find his her," said Tony.
Tony's composure was aggravating! It made Steve feel like the unreasonable one. Couldn't Tony see how much of a threat he was? Steve stood up, needing some distance.
He nodded. There a chance of a possible alien invasion and all he could think about was his boyfriend. Their most recent conversation only left him with more questions. Questions that wouldn’t be answered until this was over.
He could leave it there. It was unlikely that anyone would step on it. Tony spent most of his time in his lab. He should drag Tony out soon. It was late and he didn’t have the energy for such a production.
“Cut it out,” said Rumlow, slapping the boy on the back of the head. The boy yelped and quickly quieted down, lights stabilizing.
“It doesn’t seem like much but at one week she's reached all the miles stones of a two to three-month-old. It’s all an early indicator of a high IQ. She recognizes her name, which normally occurs between five to seven months of age."
They circled closely to each other, searching for the best opening to strike. He lunged. She grabbed his wrist with her free hand, forcing him to drop the weapon. His hand locked on her forearm keeping her close. He tore the weighted end from her slamming it into her. Even struck with that amount force she hadn’t skidded far. Her hand moved to her waistband. By the time he noticed the glint of the blade it was already wedged deeply in his thigh.
Her phrasing meant nothing. Despite gentle wording, it wasn't a question, it was a command. Winter picked up the pup so she wouldn't fall, before walking onto the cool floor with his bare feet. The office they went to was nondescript, like almost everything else. Even though it been a week since the pup was last brought there, it still reeked powerfully of distress. The lingering scent would only serve to set her further on edge. It even made him uncomfortable.
Steve followed Tony to Howard’s study. The room was untouched by Jarvis’s redesign. It screamed Howard. It was painted a deep red, and the smell of tobacco smoke still stuck to the walls. A large desk was in the center of the room. A rolling leather armchair was behind it.
Tony smiled brightly. Steve’s head rested on his chest. Tony tugged down the blanket, hiding his omega. He trailed his fingers down Steve’s toned torso, stopping at his stomach. Tony imagined that taught muscled stomach soft and round with his pup.
Dizziness hit Steve like a wave as he left the lab. He braced himself against a wall. Morning sickness would likely follow. He dashed to the nearest single bathroom and hurled. The door opened.
Piper dropped as a current coursed through her. She curled into a ball, her jaw locked. When the current cut off, she lay still, trying to recuperate.
"Sure." Steve had no idea what he supposed to be looking at, or doing, but he wanted privacy with Tony, so he didn’t ask.
The pup fell asleep faster than normal. She squirmed in his arms whining. He rested her on his chest and she nuzzled against him, purring. Her fingers tightly grasped the fabric of his shirt. The sound of his heartbeat seemed to calm her and he curled his other arm over her back. He yawned as his eyes grew heavy. He could finally sleep. All thanks to the pup sleeping in his arms.
Piper started nodding off. The room was cool, but it was quiet. Lena was humming something. That was Papa’s song. She fell asleep in seconds to the tune.
The only reason he could afford to be like this was that Tony had been strong. Stronger than him. That was unfair of him. Tony broke the closeness.
Steve studied the alpha, noticing the claim mark on his neck. It was common for omegas to mark their alphas.
Steve followed Fury to a car. He couldn’t help staring wide eye out the car’s window. An ugly skyscraper caught his attention. The Stark name was plastered on the front of it. He smirked. Howard was as egotistical as ever.
She went to the nearest guest bedroom, laying a towel down beneath her before settling down in the fresh bed. It smelled dusty, but that was okay.
"Why am I unsurprised? Should I assume most under your employment have you in some state of undress," he said.
Steve sighed and went into the bedroom to lay down, resisting the urge to rearrange the pillows into a nest. Sleep came swiftly.
When the song ended, he was laughing, remembering the time he'd walked in on Tony singing and dancing to ACDC's Highway to Hell. The moment was ruined by cramping spreading through his core. He took a breath, pushing through to discomfort to work on breakfast. Steve tossed the pans into the sink, fully intending to clean them at some point today. He sat at the counter poking his stack of pancakes with a fork. Steve made himself eat. Once done he settled on the couch. A show called Too Cute was on. He almost changed, but then saw the newborn puppies. With his nurturing instincts already in overdrive, he was hooked after only a few seconds. All those soft whines and whimpers were reaching out to his inner omega. By the end of it, he was hugging a pillow to his chest. Steve threw away the pillow.
“I’m sorry to call you at work but she won’t settle down and my voice isn’t doing it for her. Could you sing to her?”
“The both of you are idiots. Yes, he cares about you. He wouldn’t have come to me asking for my blessing if he didn’t. He looked so guilty. That proves how much he cares for you,” said Peggy.
"Why are you here, Rhodes? If it's to tell me that the military has failed to find my daughter you've wasted a trip. If you knew anything new, I'd know it hours, maybe even days, before you."
Matt was surprised. Foggy hadn’t been to his apartment for days. Even then he was only there an hour. Most omegas wouldn’t be able to pick that up. Who was Steve?
"Piper, we live in a world of aliens, super soldiers, and as much as I hate to admit it magic. Who's to say there isn't an afterlife? If something happened to your friends, wouldn't you want to believe there was something better?"
“Bullshit! You’ve been going back and forth. Letting me close only to shove me away for days,” said Tony.
It had been a week since Lena's arrival. The beta’s behavior since her arrival was normal. Lena seemed to be a mother simply enjoying her time home. Yet, something made Nat maintain her ruse, and she still drove to Playmart a few days a week. She hadn’t had the opportunity to speak with Carl yet. After this mission, she would never go to such a place again. Children were a menace. Clint's kids and Piper were the exceptions to the rule.
Tony grabbed the bags from the front seat. He doubled Steve's normal order. Steve was in the kitchen, playing a game on his phone. Tony placed them on the counter. He draped his arms over Steve's shoulders and nuzzled against his neck, breathing in that wonderful scent. Steve's purred at the touch.
“It’s custom. Most alphas don’t take the time to craft them anymore. Normally, they just buy them. He didn’t even make Pepper one. He bought her some tacky ruby necklace,” said Natasha.
, Steve,” Tony corrected gently. “It isn't only you. It will be difficult, but hopefully, not impossible to gain it back."
“It was,” said Steve. His nerves quickly calmed when he saw a figure soaring down from the sky. “It’s only, Thor.”
"I love that you want to, and if this were another time, I'd be happy for you to help, but we don't need to bring any more attention to ourselves. I need your mind here," said Steve.
Pepper walked into the penthouse to the sight of Tony changing a diaper with his ironman helmet on. She laughed. Never did she think she would see Tony Stark changing a diaper. She swiftly wiped a tear away.
“I like learning how to fight, Winter, but I don't think I could ever intentionally kill a person. I don't want to. Do you like killing?"
Tony went back to the penthouse. He played with Piper on the floor hoping to distract her from her hunger. Tony placed a new toy in front of her. She was completely uninterested. Her gaze was focused on the elevator. Tony sighed.
“So how long will it take?” asked Steve. He hoped it would be long enough to buy him a second visit.
The door opened. He whimpered, it was the woman. She was the worst. Most of his captors blended together. Pain was pain; it didn’t matter who inflicted it. But she was different. Her personality fluctuated constantly. She be could kind one day, cruel another. Today she looked unhappy. He quickly stood up, waiting for a command.
At least the agent hoped his hero would. The captain currently seemed to be in a deep trance-like state of thought. Coulson didn’t dare to disturb him. He would have to report this to Dr. Turner. Phil left Steve in his room.
The mixing of her language started earlier today. That was English, Italian, and German. It was concerning. Seventy-two hours without sleep was nothing for him. But for a three-year pup, it was taxing. He'd seen the toll of sleep deprivation. Winter had been charged with the task of keeping prisoners awake. Untrained adults started hallucinating around seventy-two hours. She was holding up remarkably well. So far, she showed no sign of hallucination. Whatever she was, it was helping her through what she was suffering through.
Pepper was impressive. An omega CEO that couldn't be an easy world to work in. To fend for herself in such a world, she had to be tough as nails and smart. Why weren't her and Tony together? A rival that was what his inner omega saw her as. When it came down, he was only a soldier. What was he compared to her?
"You're too soft on her, allowing her to believe she's more than a tool. Due to that, my corrections have failed."
Steve was pleasurably hazy. The smell of alpha thoroughly relaxing him, but the lingering scent of Tony's arousal made him desire the alpha. He blushed. He hadn't meant to reach release so fast. It was all so much.
She was pretty! Wasn’t she? It was something she’d never really thought about before. Does how she look truly matter?
They discussed the plans for the announcement and the finishing touches. It wouldn’t take long but it was apparent she’d lost Tony. The alpha kept glancing back in the direction of the studio.
The door of his enclosure opened. He was disappointed to see Sir instead of the pup. He fell back into the blank space of his mind to escape the lecture.
Steve nodded. He followed Tony into the kitchen and helped him put away the groceries. Once done Steve took found the jar of pickles he set aside and helped himself.
“It's a temporary heart condition often brought on by stressful situations, such as the death or loss of loved ones. Alphas and omegas are often most affected. It causes a brief disruption in the normal pumping function of one area of the heart," said Jarvis.
Steve snarled. “You may be my alpha, Tony, but that doesn’t give you the right to make choices for me!”
Tony's walls came crumbling down. Steve was hit by the anxiety, stress, worry, and fear his mate had been bottling up. They sunk to the floor. Steve was still as Tony as scented him. He ran his hands over the tense muscles of his alpha. He pushed his positive emotions through their bond, hoping to offset what Tony was feeling. Tony relaxed against him.
“The Stark girl has a real talent of sinking claws into people’s hearts." Ignoring the glare it earned from his agent. The pup had been a thorn in his side since conception. Yet she'd proved a valuable binding force for the Avengers. All of them loved the girl. "More than so than your other godchildren."
She climbed the bookshelf, reaching for the red and gold book. As soon as pulled it, the shelf slid away, revealing a secret entrance.
“I’ll try,” he said. Steve jaw’s clenched as cramping twisted through the muscles of his abdomen. For the first time in more than seven decades, he was entering the early stages of heat. It would only get worse as his heat grew closer.
He could be wrong. It must be because of stress. Steve took a breath. He had to be sure. When got the chance he would get a test. Steve slowly got out of the shower. He changed into some fresh clothes. Steve didn’t return to the guest bedroom. He laid down on the couch. Steve pulled a blanket over himself.
, what if he was having an episode or had gone feral! He had to find him! Tony got into his suit. Steve would likely go to Brooklyn. He took to the air.
"Hopefully, we'll be hearing a lot more of it. As much I love having her back, I'm under no illusion that she'll be okay," said Tony. It would be expecting too much. For all her brains, she was still a child.
"He's endured worse. I know his limitations. It will be finished before he reaches a point of concern," said Lena.
Steve ran ahead of the others, turning Tony on his back. He ripped his mask off. Tony eyes were closed! He wasn’t breathing!
After they finished breakfast they went down to the lab. Steve bit his lip as Tony took off his shirt. He quickly focused his gaze on his hands.
He purred. It soothed her enough for her to start nursing. Steve flipped through the channels; he was a little ashamed of how much TV he'd been watching. He liked funny feel-good shows—one of his favorites being a sitcom called Cheers. When Piper was asleep, he watched Game of Thrones with Tony.
Barny sighed. The loss weighed heavily on Steve. To everyone else, Bucky's death was decades ago, but for Steve, it was an open wound. He wasn’t going to press on. His patient needed time to mourn.
"Oh, and a lovely speed boat. And the thing was he needed someone to credit for some accidental explosions," said Trevor, making an exploding gesture with his hands.
She unwrapped the bandages on her hands and feet. There wink pinkish scars on her hands. The skin was sensitive and new. Would there actually be a scar? The burns were gone. She never had to test her capabilities this far. Piper was always vaguely aware of her abilities. Papa recovered from terrible injuries. But was Papa's healing factor this fast? She'd never seen it in use. She whimpered, her heart aching. Thinking about him hurt.
“Thank her for her consideration. This is a very thoughtful gesture. And I hope to one day thank her for it in person,” said Steve.
"He'll be listed in our database. After that, it's uncertain. What I am sure of is that S.H.I.E.L.D. is no place for a child."
“Are they getting better?” Would them getting better be good for her? Would Winter be more himself if the ‘glitches' were more frequent?
The omega lunged, clearing the distance between them. Tony was knocked to the floor with Steve straddling him. His clothes were torn away. Moaning when Steve's hand traveled between his legs. And there was that rarely seen perfect smirk.
Tony sat at his kitchen counter staring at a glass of bourbon, turning the amber liquid. The alpha was still recovering from last night. He rubbed his hand over his neck. His hand froze on the bruise over his scent gland. There was another bruise over his chest. Classic marks of Broken Heart Syndrome.
“I’m sorry for interrupting. From the phone it sounded like you were really enjoying yourself,” she said.
George Wong tried not stared as he entered the giant mansion. The Starks weren't the average income level he usually treated. Their daughter's circumstances were far from ordinary. Piper wasn't his only patient here. There was also Rune. Captain America answered the door.
He turned around when Trevor’s eyes darted away from him. It was too late he was knocked before he could do anything.
He took Steve's hand, sighing at his bruised and bloodied knuckles. The wounds had long disappeared, but the blood still painted Steve’s skin. “You have to wrap your hands.”
Barny called back immediately, confirming an appointment for later. Steve groaned; he didn't want to discuss things. “When will he be here?”
"How much more can he take? Winter is a valuable asset. We can't afford to lose him for a child barely out of diapers."
His breaths came in short puffs. “Remember when I said to stop doing that? I swear you’re going to freak me out.”
Tony relaxed. Neither of them was ready for a pup yet. Maybe in a few years, he would bring up the question. He laughed. Tony Stark was actually considering pups.
She looked to Winter, who was hurting so much worse than her. She had to keep going. Keep going for him. She struggled to her feet.
Winter watched as the pup walked away with the woman. He couldn’t follow. Every part of him wanted to, but he knew where he wasn’t allowed. Winter sat on a weight bench trying to think of what to do. His body became alert when someone entered the gym. His hand fisted when saw it was Rumlow. The alpha had spent far too much time at this base, lately.
She smiled. They'd only been working together for a little more than a day, but she'd gotten to know the gruff alpha. He was really a big teddy bear.
Steve watched as Tony fell asleep. The alpha twitched nervously in his sleep. Tony's expression became fearful. Steve purred, running his fingers through Tony's hair. It wasn't enough to stop the oncoming nightmare. Tony struggled against him. He was afraid if he let go, the alpha may hurt himself.
Tony could think of something to do to pass the time. What would sex be like with Steve outside of heat? Steve laughed.
"It doesn't matter. It just took me some time to realize that it was only said since his own pain was so great," said Rhodes.
Only five months. It felt like so much longer. Time felt different here. She didn't know how old the paper was, so it could be longer than that.
Steve kissed him before going to the bedroom. Tony went to the couch and pulled his most recent hologram blueprint and started fine-tuning it. Piper kept trying to reach them. She was so fascinated by images.
No, he wasn’t having sex in a garage. He wanted somewhere more secure. Steve made a dash to the elevator, knowing full well it would trigger his alpha’s instinct to chase. The elevator doors slid shut behind. Tony cornered him but he slid away. They started moving up. Tony locked him in the corner. He moaned as Tony kissed his neck. They weren’t going to make it to the penthouse.
“I also placed an order of sushi,” said Tony. Steve's nose crinkled in the cutest way. He might order it again just to earn that reaction.
“And you’re doing a marvelous job with that. The humans slaughter each other in droves, while you sit idly threat. I mean to rule them. And why should I not?” he said.
“Captain Rogers, I’m sure you’ve encountered super abled children at the death camp you helped liberate." Steve nodded. "Just from Piper and Rune's physical condition, the abuse wasn't as significant as those poor children. Howard Stark made sure those children the best care, including psychiatric treatment. So, there was groundwork I could study, even though most of it was classified.”
"What brings you here director? I doubt you would have come here if it weren't important," said Steve.
Tony tossed his phone aside, turning his full attention on Steve. The stink of Steve’s distress and fear was heavy. His heart was racing painfully in his chest. He gasped for breath. Steve’s whimpering forced him to focus.
His place wasn’t there. He found Tony in the lab. The glass doors stuttered open. Their eyes met. At that moment they both knew whatever issues they had didn’t matter. There were more important things at stake.
“Do you think I'd be calling if there was someone else? Steve just had an episode. I can't take care of both of them. So are you still in New York?"
Steve nodded. He gradually got to his feet. Tony wrapped the towel around his waist, pulling him into a kiss.
It was an idiotic fresh-faced alpha who most likely wouldn’t make it through basic training, best to ignore it. Steve brushed it off. He’d heard worse before. They’d have to try harder than that to get to him.
“Don’t, it was refreshing to see parents care so much about the child. Sadly, in my previous job, I didn’t normally have that in patient’s parents.”
"That way I could say I had someone waiting for me at home. They didn't need to know George was a fish. Did you have any pets?” said Steve.
"Dr. Bloom is amazing, but it was clear by how your doctor reacted that she wasn't the best fit," he said.
“I’m so sorry this happened to you, Piper.” Piper’s gentle expression was blank. She yawned cutely before burying her face in his chest. “I’ll do all I can to make it better.”
He looked five or six. If she were anywhere else she would be surprised at someone not knowing their age. He yawned and turned away from her, seemingly going to sleep. How could he sleep? Wasn’t he curious?
They dressed in comfy clothes. Tony practically collapsed onto the bed, but much as he wanted to shut his eyes and given in, he couldn't. First, he had to get Steve to sleep. Steve rested on his head on Tony’s chest. Tony ran his fingers through Steve's hair and started purring. Steve relaxed into his hold. Tony began explaining his most recent updates to his most recent suite, and was relieved when Steve's eyes began closing. Five minutes later, his mate was asleep. Usually took a bit longer. Tony gave in to the exhaustion that he'd been staving off.
Around dinnertime, Daddy called them in. He made grilled cheese sandwiches and cut up some peaches for them. Pepper and Maria were called off to handle things, leaving him to watch the pups. But they should be back soon.
“Is this love Agent Romanoff?” he asked with smirked. He knew of the soldier and the mechanical man but could be far more interesting.
"We wouldn't be able to tell you more until you're further along and we can gather fetal DNA from your blood," said Bruce.
Steve kissed him. He gently touched the alpha's face. Steve didn't ask why Tony hadn't told before. He understood how difficult speaking of these things were.
Tony brushed away the hologram, focusing on the center of his attention. Steve turned, kissing him. The omega’s skin smelled of the pine soap that the gym used. It didn't mix well with Steve's natural scent. Tony’s scent markers had been washed off. Steve ran his fingers over the reactor in the man's chest, the metal cool under his fingers.
"I brought a gift to celebrate your union and one for the child since I may not be there to celebrate its birth," said Thor. He handed Steve the deep red blanket rolled and neatly tied with a black ribbon. Steve unraveled it revealing the large emblem woven into the fabric. “It’s a shield knot in the colors of your alpha's armor. A symbol of protection in my culture."
With tweezers, she managed to fish out all the tiny pieces of glass. She gulped sinking the needle into his skin. It was warm and slippery. She swallowed back her first instinct of throwing up, and took a deep breath once she was sure wasn’t going to vomit.
He realized he was being possessive. Pepper had a long history with Tony. Until she found someone for herself he wouldn't want her near his alpha. She wasn’t like young omega flirts, he knew Tony may flirt with them but it meant nothing. He should have bitten him. These possessive urges will only due to his heat being near. Only nine days now. They hadn’t talked about it yet.
“That’s why. There’s no reason for you to feel that way. It wasn’t murder… Manslaughter.” He tried, helpfully. Hopefully? After all, she had started out by protecting him, and hadn’t been in control.
He was desperate to force back more. Steve took a shaky breath. “I hoped you'd be happy for me. I’ve found an alpha that loves me. And I’ve fallen for him. He makes me so happy." Steve. Steve got to his feet brushing the snow from his pants. A massive weight dropped from his shoulders. “I’ll try to visit again, Buck."
"I believe that was due to the circumstances of your previous pregnancy. Your inner omega felt unsafe in its surroundings, which causes restlessness. Now you have a mate and well supported it is relaxed."
She whined. Papa would let her sit in his lap when Uncle Bruce took her blood. Piper forced back her tears. It was only a needle.
“Why?! Jarvis, not my idea. What are we doing here? This is thousands of miles away. I’ve got to get Steve.”
Tony pulled up the information he had retrieved from the flash drive. It was a complicated worm program, but Jarvis’s firewall had protected his system from being infected. Not many people could program something like this. When the flash drive was inserted, it erased everything on the computer’s hard drive and then destroyed itself. The only trace it left was destruction. Just the worm. Another fucking dead end! At least, he didn't have to break the news to Steve.
Tony settled back at his desk, setting his coffee down next to him. He'd lost count of had many cups he’d had today. His chest had been tight for hours, but he brushed it off as nothing. There had been a near constant ache in his chest since Piper was taken. It was as if a part of his heart were missing. Steve’s presence was the only balm that slightly soothed the ache.
Piper padded after Lena through the halls to the classroom. She took a seat at her small desk at the center of the room. The subjects either got more advance or went off into different branches of the field. She missed drawing. Papa had cleared out a small part of his studio for her. She pushed back at the thought. It stung. She had to keep reminding herself that they didn't want her anymore.
“You’ve lost five pounds since your heat. Considering the circumstances, I’m surprised you didn’t lose more. You didn't have long to store calories before entering active heat," said Edith.
“I can’t hurt you, Piper. This glass doesn’t only protect me. And the control panel for the cell is in the room behind me.”
Steve woke up around eight. His nest was empty. He couldn't feel his mate's presence. And the giant rabbit was staring loomingly over him. How had Tony gotten it inside? How had Tony done it without waking him up?
Steve slowly pulled his head from the pillows. He'd slept through the night. The last time he did that was before Piper was taken. Startled, he felt a wet substance underneath him. Had he wet the bed? He tossed away the blankets, groaning at the realization that he'd slicked himself. He brushed it off as a one-time occurrence.
"If you're ever in that situation don't hesitate to attack. Do what you have to protect yourself." Whatever injury she inflicted would be nothing compared to the remorse he'd feel for harming her.
She felt sorry for him. With all, he lost he had the added worry of heat. She couldn’t imagine what he was going through. He was willing to give up one of the few alphas he was compatible with so it wouldn’t upset her. Guilt formed in the pit of her stomach.
When Piper awoke hours later, Theodore was statue still. She stretched out, yawning. Breakfast sat untouched.
No, Tony is straightforward enough to tell him if he needed space. He would call later. He returned to the training facility. Steve parked in the garage. As he walked to the entrance of the building he saw Clint pacing on the roof. Something happened to put him in the mood. Steve climbed up on the roof to check on his friend. He barely dodged an arrow zipping past his face, grazing his cheek.
The pup was slagging, too tired to follow the instinct to stay alert in the face of danger. She’d expended the last of her energy confronting Lena. He picked her up. She wound her arms around his neck and hid her face, yawning softly. He nudged her with his shoulder. It wasn’t safe to sleep here.
“Things got switched around. I have a short break between assignment, no point in going home,” he said. The disappointment was clear in the alpha’s voice.
He put her in the high chair and put on her bib. Tony placed a bowl of mashed avocado in front of her. She instantly jammed her hands into it and flung a handful of at him.
It pulled uncomfortably at his chest; something he did not want to admit when they were likely being watched.
Steve loved the sound of ours. He sat up. Tony helped him up. They went into the bathroom. There were differences in his alpha. The threads of gray faded from his hair. The line and creases formed by stress and time were less noticeable. He looked a few years young from a day ago.
Piper woke up again, surprised that a comforting honey vanilla scent permeated the room. It was difficult to open her eyes, she was tucked so snuggly into bed. Piper got up, hurrying to the bathroom. She stopped to stare at her reflection. It had been so long since she'd seen it. At least, with short hair, there wasn't much fuss in taking care of it. Daddy wouldn't have to braid it. One less thing she'd needed from them. She sighed, taking a step away.
Matt backed off. He’d forgotten how protective omegas could be over their alphas, even if they were complete assholes. Steve’s breathing calmed.
The anger came flooding back. This stranger was the whole reason for her being here. “Who is he?” she asked.
“I won't deny there's something to what she said, but I don't think that's a case. Steve, he fucked you senseless for a week and he still wants more I doubt he’ll lose interest in you any time soon,” she said. Steve blushed deeply. It was a priceless expression. “I see the way he looks at you. You mean something to him."
Tony pulled up into Aunt Peggy’s driveway. She was sitting outside in a rocking chair. Tony took the seat next to her. She smiled gently at him.
“I didn’t say that.” God, he felt that way! Where was Tony’s shattering ache? Was it even there? Seeing it would be reassuring. It would prove Steve wasn’t the only one falling apart.
The alpha broke their kiss. Steve whimpered as Tony kissed down his stomach. He brought the man back up, locking them in a kiss. He didn't need foreplay; all he wanted was his alpha on top of him.
"I will have to talk to them, Tony. We have to run tests, have scans done,” said Bruce, pacing as he thought of the new data.
Sorry that this chapter was a bit late. It was a bit slow in putting this chapter together. I'm changing the chapter update to every Sunday so my beta reader can read through them before I publish them. I believe this will make for a smoother story.
Steve dropped the subject. He knew exactly what meant taken advantage of. Thinking further on the topic would give him nightmares.
Steve got dressed and left. Jarvis would tell Tony where he when he woke up. The bagel shop was less than a block away so he wouldn’t be gone long. The sidewalks were almost empty. Beer cans and other things from the New Year's celebration littered the streets. He opened the doors of the bagel shop, picking up his order. He paid with his S.H.I.E.L.D. credit card. He came out of the shop with two large brown paper bags filled bagels and several containers filled with cream cheese. Steve started his walk home. He stopped.
“I think of snails, but I’m sure it's good otherwise. But I don’t want to go anywhere fancy tonight. Could we order pizza and watch something?” said Steve.
Piper nodded, going to the shelf to pick out a book. Tony sat in the hammock chair, waiting. She came back with a red book with a teddy bear on it,
Once in the gym, Piper stepped onto the sparring mat. She sat crisscross at the center of the mat, waiting for instruction.
Steve relaxed instantly when cool air touched him. He wasn’t built for this kind of heat. The team followed Neema into what seemed to be the heart of the base, where she immediately pulled up an attack plan. The wrath of the woman’s glare seemed to be focused on Rumlow. Steve couldn’t fault her for that. The plan seemed pretty straightforward.
Tony watched as Steve faded into sleep. He was getting attached. If Steve agreed to a relationship, the odds weren't in their favor.
Instead of a playroom, Piper had an entire floor of the tower dedicated to her toys. It was one of her favorite places; her absolute favorite place being Tony's lab. She loved nothing more than to help him work on his latest project.
Steve got to his feet, not letting the weigh him down. He’d hurt the man he loved. Tony had to know how sorry he was. He cupped Tony's face in his hands. Steve took a breath he had to say no matter how terrifying it may be.
He hoped it would be enough to bring what little calm he could to whatever upcoming chaos there was. The jet descended, landing on the carrier. The well-practiced military motions being conducted around were calming. A pang of guilt hit him. He was more comfortable here than the moment when Tony was about to purpose. It was only nerves and the upcoming threat that was making him feel this way. He wanted to marry Tony, but he found comfort in the familiarity of a mission no matter how strange it may be. His inner omega snarled and clawed angrily his subconscious. It fully agreed with him on protecting the world so there be a safer place to raise their pup, but finding comfort here instead of with their mate was a massive no! Natasha was waiting for them. He forced a smile, hoping may offer a brief comfort to his friend.
Lena wore a different style of clothing today. A gray wool coat, black pants, black boots, and black and white scarf. Fall clothes. Yesterday, it was summer clothing.
Steve growled. Matt didn’t understand what he was sensing. He heard the movement of metal and something resembled the sound of a jet on a much softer level. The smell of multiple metals touched his nose. But what he sensed from Steve revealed a great deal more. His heart rate sped up, he grew warmer, and Matt could smell the fresh tears. Despite the pain emotional this flying man caused Steve he was still very much in love.
“You missed the back of your head but I’ve got it,” Steve ran the brush gently through her hair working out the knots. “Go get dressed.”
He risked hurting Tony if kept this a secret much longer. This was something he didn't think they'd have to deal with for several years. Steve knew his fear was verging on unreasonable. The alpha was frustrated with him, and Steve couldn’t blame him. He moved his hand over his stomach.
Steve nodded. The sound of their pup’s heartbeat filled the room. Tony braced against the counter before lowering himself into a chair.
Yet, at home, he appeared as a normal father and son, the apple of his parents’ eye. Natasha wasn't sure if he was a masterful actor, or if he’d just managed to expertly separate his personal from his professional. His profession mattered little to why she was here. She sighed, taking a sip from her tea before setting it down on the windowsill. Her apartment window looked directly out on the Zemo’s backyard.
“We don’t mean to keep things from, but it’s part of being a parent. You want to protect your child, and sometimes that means keeping things from them even when you shouldn’t,” said Steve.
He walked to the entrance. While he waited for Tony, he toyed with the phone. He didn’t understand the excess of the smartphone. Steve returned the phone to his pocket when he caught Tony approaching.
Tony found Pepper’s photo in the trash while cleaning up. He vaguely remembered throwing it away. Tony left it there. He went into the guest bedroom and found Steve sleeping on the floor. Tony gently nudged him awake. Those blue eyes slowly opened. Steve smiled sleepily.
“There,” she said. In the distance was a narrow cave entrance. There signs of activities outside. They settled on the ledge. Nat took a pair of specialized binoculars from her bag. “I can see ten heat sources."
"People might be looking for me.” Piper spoke softly, almost shyly. She didn’t want anyone watching them to hear, and also, she wasn’t sure she should say anything at all. She wasn’t sure if she could trust the paper. What if it was just an elaborate scheme to get her hopes up only for them to be squashed again? “If by some slim chance they find me, you’ll get out of here too.”
The slight motion of getting up made him go lightheaded. Someone caught him, putting him back in his seat. Natasha stood in front of him.
“Not here! You give up the Tesseract! You give up this poisonous dream! You come home,” Thor neared begged.
"Steve has severe hot flashes off and on. Nurses are struggling to keep his temperature down. The percentage of Extremis in his blood has decreased significantly," she said.
The man's bio appeared before him. It was nothing unusual. Just another well dressed alpha man trying to compete or join his company. Happy’s concern over Pepper triggered his protective instinct. He went to check on Steve, even though he just been with him minutes ago. He went upstairs to check on his mate. Steve had burrowed underneath the blankets. Resting under one of the layers of blankets was Steve’s shield. He slid in next to his mate. The purrs instantly started up again.
Steve nodded. Tony nuzzled against his neck, scenting him. He did the same to Tony. When he tried pulling away Tony tugged him back.
Fear made him blind to the mistake. The slow steady click of the keyboard as the nurse pulled up Tony’s information, near drove Steve insane. He had to get to his mate. Steve nervously tapped his fingers against the counter, unable to hold still.
Around noon they left for the hospital. Steve resisted the urge to bit his lip as they grew closer. He had to stay calm for Tony’s sake. His husband needed this. They needed this. It was progress. They pulled into the parking garage.
Piper shook her head, unwilling to give into it. These were still the people who had brutally attacked Winter in front of her. They weren't good. Nothing to prove they worth any small semblance of trust.
Piper couldn't allow herself to fall into the same pattern of lifestyle they had before. They didn't want her. With the attention on them, they couldn't appear to give up on her. She’d use their help as little as possible. But she was grateful to them; they saved her. She would stay out of their way.
“He was a trainee at S.H.I.E.L.D. while you were at the training facility. Smith flunked out and used what he learned to become a small-time mercenary. We find him, we may find his boss. That is if they don't kill him first,” she said.
"Come on keep your eyes open for me." He patted Tony's cheeks trying to get a response. His eyes opened. "There you are."
“I can keep going.” She smiled and stood up with a look of pure determination. There was something so familiar to him in her expression.
“I don’t. I know the exact science behind it, but it has a habit of turning people into super-powered green rage monsters. We are lucky the bears didn’t fully accept it,” said Natasha.
“Take your time,” said Tony. His hands traveled down Steve’s back, trying to work out some of the knots. The previous peace was over. “No one will think less of you. I promise I won't. They probably think more of you if they ever found out."
“I didn’t mean it like that. You can touch me all you want soon but just need to clean your wounds. I would hate for them to scar,” said Steve. He didn't want any marks on his alpha. Any marks but his own.
He turned off the TV, falling back into the filthy mattress. His thoughts traveled to blue-eyed omega. He should have told him where the pup was regardless of the punishment. If they killed him at least he'd die for a worthy cause. Reuniting a family. He'd destroyed so many.
Steve sighed looks like Hell’s Kitchen hadn’t changed as much as he thought. He couldn’t help wondering just how the alpha had lost his sight. He seemed to have acclimated.
Dr. Star moved her hand away. It hadn’t bothered Piper, she just wanted to prove to Rune that it was safe.
“We aren’t going to be together all the time anymore. And you got a lot of other people,” said Rune, uninflected.
“I’ll take care of them. That should be enough a diversion to buy the two of you sometimes,” said Clint.
Piper wasn't sure if it was safe. Her stomach growled. She didn't smell anything wrong with it. If they wanted to drug her they would have done it already and in a more effective way than in poisoning the food. They would have gotten her while she was sleeping. Piper knew she needed to eat, keep up her strength. Papa and Daddy were doing the best they could to find her, she reminded herself. She had to do her part, but she wasn’t the only one who needed to eat.
Steve quickly pulled the pan off the heat and scrapped the burnt pieces into the trash. “You’d let me do that?”
"Why am I purring like this?" Steve couldn't focus. His inner omega was overjoyed. The purring was incessant. It was thrilling to have a mate the would kill to protect them. They were talking about his friend.
She asked as many questions as she could. Piper loved watching the shocked faces of the adults in response to her intelligence. The more she could learn from them, the better she could help them. She started lagging behind. Daddy picked her up.
“The heat of the blast was an excessive 3,000 degrees Celsius. Any subject within 12.5 yards were vaporized instantly,” said Jarvis.
Her voice was soft and kind. It did nothing to relieve the gut feeling of distrust. She shut the door behind her, closing the only known exit. It wouldn't be difficult pushing her out of the way or for him to create a new entrance. He resisted the urge to growl.
He nodded, letting Tony pull down the blankets, revealing his naked form. His confidence swelled when Tony hungrily gazed over him. Their lips met in a brief kiss. He moved to Steve's chest, making Steve gasped as the alpha sucked softly on his nipple. The alpha’s tongue traced every contour of his chest. Tony kissed his hips before taking his length into his mouth, swirling his tongue around the head of Steve’s arousal.
She let go of him, going down the slide to the house. Piper found her parents' room and turned the knob, only to find it locked. She put her ear to the door to make sure her parents weren’t doing anything yucky, but there was only the quiet sound of them breathing.
"Then all the attention was going toward a good cause. It wasn't so intensely focused on my personal life," said Steve.
Piper weakly rose to her feet. She raised her hand, a bright light forming in her palm. It shot off, hitting the wall.
Tony watched from the doorway. The omega usually enjoyed the detailed process of making a nest. Slowly, Steve began piecing things together. As they worked on the nest, Steve gave into his feral side more, making it easier for both of them. Once it was done they fell back into holding each other. Tony hated the idea of disrupting this peace but they had to discuss this.
"All I care about is if it's healthy," Steve said. He didn’t care if the child had super soldier abilities. He would love it either way, but he wanted to know what to expect.
"Every three months I have someone check in on the place tend the grounds and clean. I can't force myself to sell it," said Tony.
“Was he married?” asked Steve. He felt guilty for having to ask. With all the time he spent with Phil he never truly got to know much about him.
“She will learn how to control. She’s a smart girl,” said Steve. She’d always been so quick to pick things up. He was sure she could do this too.
Tony made his grand entrance to his party, earning massive applause. His armor disengaged. He made his way through the crowd only mingling as much as necessary. Steve's powerful scent markers did a great deal to deter interested omegas and betas. He found his way to the bar and ordered a drink.
He got into the car. There was work to be done. He pulled into the nearest hard wear store. The alpha weaved through the aisle, collecting things as he went. Two carts of supplies later he was ready. He checked into a nearby motel and started working. Several hours later he was done.
“They may be shouting at each other now, but they really love each other. If I can see it, then it’s gotta be something real.” She pulled away from his shoulder. “I don’t like it when you cry,” said Rune, wiping her cheeks.
“No, Piper, that will never happen. And I’m sure Papa would say the same thing. And before you ask, none of this was your fault.”
She tried getting closer but was too young to move on her own. He brought her further up his chest. Her little hand rested on his the reactor.
Matt walked her to the door. He caught Foggy’s scent in the hallway. When the omega was sure it was safe he came running the door.
Steve laughed as the alpha struggled to peel the vegetables. It kept slipping from his hands and falling into the sink. He moved behind Tony, correcting Tony's method. He blushed when Tony leaned flirtatiously against his chest. Steve blushed, realizing how dominant his posture was. Tony didn't seem to mind. He actually seemed to enjoy it. Steve pulled away.
“There will be issues. The two of you take stubbornness to a new level. There will come a time when he tries to push away don’t let. Don’t let him,” she said.
Theodore stood her up and wiped her mouth. She couldn’t stop herself from drooling. He returned them to the corner tucking her against his chest. Piper purred, nuzzling against him. Whenever she needed comfort Papa or Daddy would hold her like this, even if they were in the middle of doing something. Soon, she fell asleep.
She grabbed a pen from her room, taking it apart so she could better use it. It was a simple task. There was a soft clunk as the door unlocked. It was child's play compared to what she'd been tasked with doing before. She climbed into their large bed, tucking herself in between her parents. It was so warm. Papa and Daddy's scents were so calming.
Steve gently pulled the alpha's hand, leading him to the elevator. It was enough to temporarily coax Tony out of pacing. God, all he wanted was to chase after the lead. He wanted to hold his baby. He needed that missing part of himself back.
She would have to get in contact with that ape. It was a conversation bound to end in a screaming match. She quietly snuck out of bed and out to the backyard.
Hill watched the couple from the small window in the door. She'd got a frantic call from Pepper about Tony, leaving in a panic from the lecture at Georgia Tech. She called her girlfriend.
Tony paused in the hall when he heard the shatter of glass. Howard's office door was cracked open and Piper was standing in glass, a broken frame by her feet. Her lost expression perfectly mimicked Steve’s when he had an episode.
Piper whined when she saw Papa. He'd never seen her like that. It was the last thing she wanted. She curled up in a ball, facing away from him.
It mixed perfectly with his. Steve was thoroughly bathed in his scent. No one would question who he belonged to. He traced the lines of Steve's neck, his fingers stopping at the juncture where he'd leave his claim. He licked the spot. Steve purred.
He bent down to her eye level, and she wrapped her arms around his neck, hugging him tightly. Every time he came back from a session Piper would catch him in a warm hug. No matter what mood he returned in, she always greeted him with a hug. It was one few good things about those sessions.
They zoomed into the sky. Bruce clung to Thor for dear life. He wanted down. “Just drop me off at the edge of the city. Then go after Loki. I’ll catch up!” yelled Bruce over the winds.
That shock hadn't faded. Steve wanted to call Natasha. Maybe she could give him the boost of courage he needed, but she was on a mission, so he couldn’t interfere. Edith was too deep in her research, and he couldn’t disrupt her.
He flipped it open. “Clearly you’re waiting for someone else. Were you supposed to meet someone here?”
Joseph was happy with the progress the pup was making. Yes, she was rebellious but he didn't know why Lena thought the girl was such a hassle. All the pup needed was a firm hand. Her skills had grown immensely under his supervision. She was an expert sniper. Of course, her training was limited to simulation, but still an impressive record. She was a master of strategy. Sometimes outsmarting him. In addition to her course work, she learned Spanish and Greek. He wished all of his recruits were half as capable.
Piper woke up. Her head was aching, vision blurry. Piper smiled when she realized she was huddled against Theodore's chest. This was the closest thing she’d had to safety since she was taken from her parents. Piper couldn't remember why she was so upset with him in the first place.
Piper looked worriedly back at Winter before, following Lena. She waved bye to him. Piper kept her eyes on the ground as they walked toward their destination. Lena handed her a chessboard. Piper started putting the pieces in their places.
He looked over the information. Everything seemed normal. At eight in the morning, Steve showed signs of waking up. He woke with a start, nervously taking in his surroundings.
"Okay, kid, I'll have to walk you through rebooting Jarvis's speech drive, but not right now. Harley where is he really? Just look on the screen and tell me where he is."
Steve went into the kitchen where Piper was waiting at the counter. He made toast and cheesy scrambled eggs. Steve handed her a plate.
“Survivors’ Guilt and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. That's only scratching the surface. There are deeper underlying issues that need to be addressed. Director, you’re expecting too much too soon. Be patient,” said Barny.
Steve ripples around him, wetting their stomach with seed. He shouts jerking his hips. His knot pushes through the slight resistance. Pleasure found them again as their teeth sunk into each other's neck, reclaiming each other. Tony collapsed on top of his mate. Steve blinks his eyes, his lashes clumped.
Sorry about how long this took to publish. Hope you had a wonderful holiday. And that you all are well.
Steve bit his lip but edged closer to the alpha. How far could he give into the distraction of heat before it became overwhelming? Tony’s hands gently ran over his arms. The simple touch made it difficult to focus. He backed away.
Rhodes scented the air. He caught the stale scent of a happy omega in the jet. Tony was trapped with him. It wouldn’t surprise him if Tony had a suit hidden on the plan or not far. That he would use to escape the conversation if he became fed up with the talking point. Tony sat on the couch where the omega’s scent was most potent.
Winter heard the pup pleading for his life. He never thought he’d have someone care enough to plead for him. Her tearful blue eyes were focused on him. He didn’t want her to see this.
“Don’t tie me down,” he said, rubbing his wrists. The ghost feeling of the leather bonds crept over his skin. It disappeared when Tony’s hand ran down his back.
Bruce returned to the guest bedroom. The appointment could wait until tomorrow. He did not want to test Steve in a potentially moody state.
“How are Steven and Emma?” he asked. Tony didn’t know much about his aunt’s children. They were at least twenty years older than him. Steven and Emma were good people; they couldn’t afford to keep up their mother’s medical bills. They were more than happy to accept his help. Aunt Peggy living in her home as long as possible, no matter what the costs to him were. She didn't want to leave her home. Confining her to a nursing home, taking away that independence would kill her.
Three manila folders were laid out in front of her. She turned a shot glass around in her hand. A bottle of her favorite vodka sat open on the counter.
Eventually, they managed to find some sort of balance between work and family. It wasn't perfect: he'd missed Piper's first steps while on a mission; Tony missed Piper reading her first book. But they did their best.
Tony burst from the river. He was ready to see Steve. Tonight he would purpose. He flew toward the city.
“Easy big guy, you’re the only one for me until your heat finishes. Unless you want more,” said Tony.
Quiet conversation fell between them. Steve didn't leave until Bruce finished the meal. He took the bowl.
"Steve, I'm the expert at getting super soldiers to rest when they don’t want to. But I don’t think it will be that easy in the future. How have you been sleeping, Steve?”
His flash of anger was enough to make her back off. If he was that easy to anger, this would be a long lesson. It was something she could use to her advantage. Or was it a ploy. It became difficult to trust people at face value. He could be playing a role to make her think he had a weak point. She wasn't ready to test the limits of his patience.
He rushed to the bank jumping through a window. Throwing his shield in time to knock a bomb from the chitauri’s hand. He hit the floor, dodging enemy fire. Steve kicked a desk at his feet, shoving them back. The bomb was beeping. He went to the railing.
Piper went to the monitor, taking a seat at the desk. Lena had already opened an email for her. Her hands froze over the keys. She entered the Stark network and type in her passcode.
“Anthony may as well be one of my pups. They are both so busy, but they did try their best to be with him. He's so good to me. Pay for most medical expenses and even a nurse. Even built me a custom chairlift. All my friends want one."
"You're my only friend. I... I can't lose you." Again, her arms wrapped gently around his neck, keeping him close.
It was the first major indication they’d gotten of Piper’s location. The first proof of life. He pushed away her stinging words.
"I've already called. She literally dropped everything for this the opportunity. She'll be arriving next week. She'll work at Stark Tower with Banner," said Tony.
"You've got her," said Tony. Steve nodded. "Hoping she'd be in a more conscious state of mind when she woke up."
“We’re both scientists I won’t deny I’m curious about the pup’s what could be learned from this. It begs the question of why S.H.I.E.L.D. would hire someone of your capabilities. The possibilities of what could be gathered from Steve's condition are limitless. That doesn't change the fact they are parents all the same that what the best for their child and deserves not to be treated as an experiment. I'm not sure what to make of you and hope for your sake our suspicions are unfounded," said Bruce.
"They were Nazis. Who tried taking Steve away from me. Use him as experimental material," said Tony.
Her words were slightly muffled by the muzzle. She whimpered, finding it difficult to get her feet. As soon as she was upright she was hit with vertigo. She fell onto her back. Piper rolled onto her stomach. Tears were streaming down her face. Piper leaned against the corner of the room. Foggy memories of what lead her to be here began to clear. She’d tried to escape with some stupidly rage-motivated plan.
Steve smiled as the lights flickered on in the tower. Tony and Pepper had put so much effort into this.
"Physically, I believe it would make an alpha even unbonded more susceptible to Broken Heart Syndrome if they were involved with you." Steve caught his breath. She put together the pieces. "Oh, Steve I'm sorry. Is Tony alright?"
His hands went to the omega hair, tilting his head back, deepening their kiss. He rocked his hips against Steve’s causing moan. Tony groped his mate’s rear causing him to gasp. The scent of their combined arousal flooded their senses. Tony broke the kiss. Those lust hazed blue eyes fluttered open. He slid his hand under Steve’s shorts. Slick leaked over his fingers.
"I might not have experienced what you did in there, but I know what it feels to be alone," said Steve.
, it wasn’t only that side of him that wanted that connection. He finally managed to get lost in work when Jarvis announced:
Steve looked at two robots. Arm was a crane-like stature with a delicate claw at the end. It was painted bright red with flames. Hammer reminded him of an extremely high tech laundry basket. In its basket were their clothes. It four legs and had a long neck. The machine was painted for soft eggshell color. Its color struck Steve as an odd choice for Tony. Arm took Steve’s cell phone out from the pile of laundry and handed it to him.
He offered to teach Rune, but the boy had no interest in science. Rune preferred baking and cooking for the moment. There was nothing wrong with that. He was only five; there was plenty of time for him to learn.
“In case you needed to kill me, but you can’t. I know! I tried! I got low. I didn’t see an end so I put a bullet in my mouth, and the other guy spat it out. So I moved on, I focused on helping other people. I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show. You put everyone here at risk. You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You want to know how I stay calm?” said Bruce.
“Hurry,” whimpered Steve. Whatever Tony was looking for, he found. Steve keened, canting his hips. Those fingers worked perfectly against his slick glands. The alpha added a second finger, scissoring him. Steve balanced on the edge of release, but those fingers weren’t enough to get him over it.
Tony left to make him breakfast. Steve sighed happily. He had an amazing mate. His pup rested peacefully on his chest. She was lucky to be born into this era. Piper would have opportunities he could only dream of when he was young. Being Tony Stark's daughter would open the more stubborn doors.
Daddy mostly homeschooled her. It wasn't really structured, but her parents didn't want to send her to school for some reason. She'd always wanted to go, though.
“Yes, and he never let me forget that. He smelled horrible. His cigars stunk up the entire hall,” said Steve.
Edith’s jaw dropped. Heat facilities fell out of use a decade after WW2. They were horrible places where omegas were given alpha through their heat. There was no consent. Many doctors would take full advantage of their patients.
Two hours Steve spent whimper on the cold floor because of her. He forced a calm expression when he entered the meeting room.
Natasha came exactly on time. She gave a quick nod to Tony before joining Steve on the couch. Her eyes locked on the precious little being in Steve’s arms.
Her shouts went ignored. She growled, throwing the pack of cards at his head. He snarled at her but she was too angry to care.
“There’s plenty to be ashamed of,” he said. He hung his head. Steve never had confidence in his appearance, even now. Especially now. At least before, he was what was expected of an omega.
Steve tried settling beside his mate but couldn’t. He quietly left the bed and changed into his running clothes. It was early enough that no one would be out. Before leaving, he kissed Tony. Steve took several laps around Central Park before returning home. A crowd of fans swarmed him. He'd gotten home too late. As they spotted him, people crowded him. He smiled, signed pictures, and posed for pictures until he finally reached the door. Tony was waiting for him there.
Piper didn’t even know if it was even morning. It could be ten at night for all she knew. She waved her hand.
“Piper sweetie pie. Even that were true, it wouldn't change how Daddy and I feel about you. Or how desperately we searched for you. We love you."
She nodded. Tony read, gently swaying back forth in the chair. As he did, she silently mouthed the words but stopped in favor of sucking her thumb. Her eyes were dropping at the end of
“Shh, you’ll get your bottle soon,” he said placing it in the warmer. The warmer binged. Tony tested it on his wrist, before offering it to her. She glared at it pushing it away. “Papa’s nipples are fantastic, but this will have to do."
“Can I stay here until my hormones balance out?” he asked. His gaze was focused on his coffee. He was sure the alpha would want him gone. It was part of no strings attached. Staying would make strings.
She nodded. He pulled it open. It was filled with headbands and hats. He took out several, holding up different options. She pointed to an orange one lined with small orange flowers.
Dinner was peaceful. Steve didn’t eat as much as he normally did. The butterflies in his stomach wouldn’t allow him.
This time Piper caught the slight movement of his hand, dodging the electric rod and went to her knees.
“But your priority is our daughter,” said Tony. He respected and loved the care Steve had for their unborn child, and he was pleased to hear it.
Tony placed the shield in a glass painting chamber. Robotic arms carefully repainted the old design.
"I have no experience, planning such an event. Why not take help where I can get it?" said Steve. He smiled, putting his hand over his stomach. "Besides I have more important things to focus on."
Steve went to his nest. He rearranged a few of the pillows when he was satisfied he settled. Whining, when his alpha didn’t join. He patted the empty side of the bed.
Steve sat at the counter, tapping his fingers against his shield, while his mate paced. Letting Tony wear a hole in the floor was better than letting him act on his first urge. Steve barely resisted the impulse to ask Jarvis if Nat had arrived yet every couple of minutes, though, each passing second felt like an eternity.
“Thanks for taking care of me." He ran his fingers through Tony's hair, causing the sleeping alpha to purr. “Jarvis, what time is it?”
“Sounds exhausting. The rest of the material Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. The only other major component he needs is a power source of high energy density. Something to kick start the cube,” said Tony.
He forced down a dry heave. Steve pushed his nose into Tony’s neck. The alpha’s scent helped him calm. There was a knock on the door Steve pulled away from Tony.
“Didn’t have time to talk to many reporters. I knew he did some reports on me. I would have done an interview with him,” said Steve.
It took hours for Theodore to relax, uncoiling from his tense stance. He seemed so much more broken now. She thought he’d be better.
"I haven't been there for more than twenty years. There is no excuse for me not to go now. We'll go tomorrow," said Tony.
Steve went to their room. He was so tempted to follow Steve, but he needed space. What had Rhodes said? He wanted to ask his friend but Steve would tell him in time. It pried at his curiosity, but he pushed it down. He had to refocus on his mind on something else.
Steve stretched seductively out on the couch. The omega likely wasn't even aiming for that effect. It came naturally.
The pup pushed his hair from his neck, completely disregarding his personal space. He didn't even care that it was such a vulnerable area. Winter moved to give the pup better access.
Piper felt she owed him. For the Beta. Even though she hated what he did; it was scary. She wanted to make up for it somehow. But he wouldn’t let her.
They stuffed their faces. Piper lets herself get absorbed into the movie. Halfway through, Rune moved between Maria and Pepper. Papa and Daddy were sitting on a couch. There was a comfortable little nook between them that looked just perfect. They weren't going to turn against her, she reminded herself before climbing up onto the couch. She leaned into Papa’s side and quietly hummed along to ‘Let It Go.'
Steve sat in their kitchen, spinning the empty mug across the counter. So little was accomplished today. Like yesterday and months before that. The unproductive weight bearing on his shoulders kept growing. He wanted to do something instead of sitting on his ass. At least Tony had the lab. What did he have besides Captain America and Piper?! Art, maybe? Tony seemed to have so much more outside of being Ironman.
Tony gritted his teeth. Hating the idea of waiting further. There had to be a good reason. Not dragging another family through the mud wasn’t enough for him. He didn't share as a strict moral compass of Steve. That’s exactly why he had to agree. He wanted to be able to look back at this moment a not feel ashamed when he told his daughter how they’d found. That it wasn’t at the possible at the expense of another. He wasn’t sure how long he would be able to follow that same path.
“Listen, the Pentagon is scared. After New York aliens come on, you need to look strong. Stopping the Mandarin is priority but it's not-
“I could prescribe an anti-depressant and something to help you sleep, but I would have to prescribe an uncomfortably high dose. Even then, with your metabolism, it would likely have no effect. Why do you ask?” said Barny.
Tony maneuvered Steve’s below him, earning a soft almost playful growl from the omega. It was soothed as he kissed a trail down Steve’s neck, grazing his against the soft flesh every now and then. He moved his knee between Steve’s legs. Steve rutted against him trying to get friction. Those big blue eyes were unfocused with lust. His fingers fumbled with the button to Steve’s pants. Finally, he got undone yanking down the zipper. When he tried yanking them off completely it earned a low warning growl. He stopped. Tony slid his hand underneath the fabric.
He massaged Steve’s broad shoulders, earning purrs. His hands traveled lower, working Steve’s back. Tony slathered a washcloth with lavender-scented to soap, which complimented Steve’s natural scent. He washed away the splotches from that soft pale skin.
He distrusted S.H.I.E.L.D. but it was the safest option. Even at full speed, he couldn't get there fast enough. Finally, he got there. Steve was cuddled up against an empty Ironman suit. He was beaten and bruised. One of his eyes was swollen shut. His arms were covered in defensive wounds. Steve was muzzled. Tony released the clasp. Those perfect blue eyes opened.
“I was trying to relax. That was what you wanted, right? Not all of us find beating the shit out of punching bags soothing."
“Further anesthesia is a concern of the surgeons. It’s likely he will regain consciousness during surgery and wake in a panic. Only your alpha command will work,” said Fury.
The flight home was hellish. Steve locked himself away in the bathroom. Tony didn’t dare disturb him. That bathroom belonged to Steve. He took out his phone and pulled up the most recent stories. All the gossip magazines and several newspapers had his and Steve's wedding photos on the cover or front page. Steve came out of the bathroom. Tony showed him his phone. It earned him a tired smile.
“Alright listen up. Till we close that portal up our priority is containment. Barton, I want you on that roof eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays. Tony, you got the perimeter anything that gets more than three blocks out turn back or turn it to ash,” said Steve.
“When he was four he turned my toaster into a bread firing gun. Flaming pieces of toast went speeding through the air, caught my curtains on fire. I got in the habit of hiding my husband’s toolbox, but he always found it. I fully understand why he had a nanny until he was fourteen,” said Peggy.
"When I probably should have been on meds and addressing my issues, I was wasting away in my lab, letting things get worse. It eroded my mind, made me make foolish mistakes. One of which made a suit attack Papa while he was pregnant with you."
"Alright, that can be done. Makeup will take care of you. I look forward to speaking with both of you soon," said Oprah before walking off to speak to the set manager.
Carl continued on and on with his story. Some of them details seemed too odd. Steve the sickly penguin.
Natasha shrunk to the floor of her apartment, finally letting down her mental shields. She took her phone from her pocket, swiping through the pictures of her and Piper. Such a happy girl. Was there a time when she had such a smile? She spent the same amount of time with her parents as Piper. They were poor. How quickly they’d fallen ill, and she was alone, fending for herself until she was chosen to serve her country. They promised her shelter and food that was more than enough for her. Her smile faded after that day. Hydra’s training methods were similar to the Soviets. Piper had it better. Unlike her, Piper was irreplaceable, not another orphan willing to give up their life for food. She had a friend. That was not allowed in her training. They were encouraged to turn on each other to purge weakness from their ranks. Their only loyalty was to Mother Russia. Her only outlet was her dance. Piper would recover she got out in time. She’d gotten away in time.
“There it is,” said Sir, grabbing his face. "That glint of fear. I think some time away from each other will do both of you a world of good."
It was already two hours since Papa left. So much for not taking long. Piper yawned settling deeper into the beanbag chair. The biology text Uncle Bruce gave was interesting but it was tiring reading. Her eyes grew heavy. Before she could nap, Piper felt a sudden change in the air.
Pierce followed Lena out of the room, albeit a little reluctantly. He'd rather watch them battle in person, but he'd seen what the pups were capable of. Precautions had to be taken.
He ran his finger over her scalp, searching for trauma. There was no scar tissue. Not that there would be with her healing factor. His earliest memory erasure was a sensation akin to getting the top of his skull ripped off. Leaving him unable to move for days. The agony of such procedures were carved deeply into the thresholds of his mind, ironically they were impossible to forget, leaving him unable for days after. The only side effects now were stabbing migraines.
“Tony!” Steve arched off the table as Tony's fingers hit perfectly inside him.  Tony moaned lowly in his ear. The alpha dropped his weight on him. Steve purred enjoying the alpha's weight on top of him. He ran his fingers along Tony’s back. They nuzzled.
“And you’re the Devil of Hell’s Kitchen.” Vigilantes kept popping up after Battle of New York. The Devil of Hell’s Kitchen had lasted the longest.
He didn't look at her. So, Piper sat next to him but didn't take his hand. He wasn't ready to be touched. Maybe he just needed some time to get used to her again. Piper hoped that was all he needed. She sat there offering comfort quietly.
Steve pushed open the sliding door. A steaming trunk sat on the balcony. Carved into the lid was a message:
Steve’s blue eyes pleaded with him. Why did he have to look at him like that? This was already hard enough. Begging him for a way out of this. It would be so much easier if their feral sides just took over. This was the first time that wild primal side didn’t want to come forward gain control.
Steve tensed when Tony strapped the fetal heart monitor around his waist. Their child's heartbeat appeared on the screen. It was a comfort to see it. They got into bed. The sheets were uncomfortable sterile of scent. Steve couldn't get into bed. Tony got into the bed rolling around in it, rubbing his cheeks against the pillow. Steve got in feeling much more relaxed.
“The sandwich was fair. The spring was a little rusty. The rest of the material. I’ll make do. By the way when you said your sister had a watch. I was kinda hoping for something a little bit more adult,” said Tony pulling back his sleeve to reveal the Dora Explorer watch.
“Looking forward to it, sweetheart. Where are you now? I’m guessing you’re at the gym, putting those muscles to use. I could think of better ways to use them."
"Beta. Steve, he wasn't doing it for power. He wanted to help people by figuring out how you were made. If it had been successful, he might be able to cure many diseases," she said.
Silence. Even when her home was quiet she had Jarvis to talk to. Piper curled up in her corner. Sleep was the only activity left for her. She shut her eyes. Piper hoped that her silence might bring the alpha out his quiet but it remained. Sleep came slowly, only to be interrupted when woken for meals.
Lena sat in her office, swaying from side to side in her chair. She was scheduled for leave. Four weeks at home with her family. It was a bother. There was no denying that she missed them, but she hated leaving her job when she was making such progress. She had one or two days before she had to leave. Before then, she had to make a report. Lena needed to give Pierce something to sink his teeth into. Only enough to keep him sated. She wanted to keep some of the information to herself, for insurance. Lena picked up her phone, dialing Pierce. He answered instantly.
The couple relaxed. Tony couldn't imagine having more than one at a time. Edith turned the screen so they could see zooming in on the image. The only difference Steve could pick up on was the size.
“Sorry.” Piper realized she shouldn’t have risked losing one of the few good things she had by questioning. Being curious was in her nature, but now wasn’t the time for that.
"She was an omega sex worker from Ciudad Victoria, Mexico. Her parents reported her missing in 2010. She likely kidnapped or agreed to a surrogacy arrangement without knowing the full details," said Bruce.
"It's difficult for me to go an hour without needing to fiddle with something. There hundreds of ideas going through my head. I have to act on it," said Tony.
“Steve, honey I know we need to talk. Can you give me a few hours? I’m begging you,” said Tony. For the first time, he saw Steve pissed off.  His arms folded and lips formed in a scowl. He seemed more disappointed than angry.
“As almost every parent would be. But I merely have to play the damsel in distress. Say that my family was being threatened. That I had no choice but to act how I did. Golden hearted omega such as Captain Rogers will fall right for it."
He flipped open the box, choosing a glazed donut. His pregnancy driven sweet tooth was gone. Unlike his husband, he preferred his donuts simple.
“Jarvis get the drones on her,” ordered Tony. There was no way he could keep up with her on foot. “What the hell happened?!”
“The last time I was in Germany and saw a man standing above everybody else we ended up disagreeing,” he said.
There was a knock on the door. After the night he had there was no way he could go to work with a clear his head. He went to answer it. It was a female alpha. Her natural scent was a light mix of mint and honey.
Tony herded him into the bedroom. They settled in his nest. Steve was happy to spend the time until his next wave hit cuddling. He rested his head on Tony’s chest.
“Why would tell them they already know?” said Rune pointing to the camera position in the corner of the ceiling.
He left his omega. Denying every instinct to stay, but eventually got out the front door. “Jarvis, lock-up."
“I’m used to running on a few hours of sleep. You’re the one in need of rest,” he said. The omega's scent was getting to him. Steve didn't need him pawing at right now. What he need was sleep.
Steve looked up from his sketchbook when the elevator doors slid open. Tony strode in with Piper asleep in his arms.
He resisted the urge to say 'something,' but pissing her off further wouldn't make her leave. He wanted her out of his den.
The omega's eyes slowly started closing. "I'll be here when you wake up." His eyes finally closed at the alpha's reassurance. Tony winced as Steve's hand fell away from him. He ran his fingers through Steve's hair. Placing a kiss on Steve's forehead before forcing himself to pull away.
"She wants to be a firewoman who makes fireworks. But changed her mind when she remembered you don't like fireworks," explained Tony.
He took out a cloth and started dutifully cleaning and polishing his arm. The repetitiveness of the motion was relaxing. He yawned. It had been some time since he had to exert that level of force.
Winter stood up, not acknowledging what happened, and Piper didn’t push. He didn't know how much it meant to her to have that momentary feeling of safety.
With another kiss goodbye and Tony left. Steve sighed. He was alone. It wasn’t too far of a walk to Times Square. But being surrounded by that many people would be too confining. Looked like he was staying in tonight.
Tony hated ‘fine’ because fine was never fine. There was always a secret meaning. The door slammed behind Steve.
Piper tensed. But there was no obvious sign of upcoming punishment. Lena’s style wasn’t limited physical.
be things he thought about now. It was useless. Winter returned to the small medical station. The pup was still asleep on the examination table but she looked unharmed.
Winter couldn't say no to those big blue puppy dog eyes. “Fine. But why bring him? More will only slow you down.”
Phil left. Steve sat on the couch. It gave him a view of the door. He didn’t want anyone sneaking up on him. The door opened. He tensed. A tall alpha came striding. He had a warm smile and kind eyes.
The pup hit his legs. There was no strength behind the attack and Winter figured it was best to wait it out. She would tire soon enough. Let her get out whatever this was. She collapsed against him, crying into his pant leg. He picked her up, sitting her on the bed.
“It’s hard to do that when she doesn’t trust me. More like, she civilly tolerates me. I thought she'd be happy to see us, but she was more nervous than anything. It wasn't her fault, but I can help feeling I'm a terrible parent," said Steve.
The elevator went up. Steve didn’t try to stand. He wouldn't attempt getting up until they reached their floor. The doors slid open. He got to his feet shakily. He took to Tony’s hand leading him into the penthouse. Steve’s omega didn’t like it. He backed toward the elevator. This wasn’t his den! Alpha brought him close. Steve pressed against Tony. The skin-to-skin contact helped him relax.
“Egotistical, arrogant, genius, that doesn’t play well with others. What do you know about me?” asked Steve.
He grabbed instant icepacks from a drawer and carefully wrapped them around her hands, keeping them in place with athletic tape.
Soon, Piper was standing behind him. He could hear her breathing in his ear as she peeked over his shoulder to get a closer look at what he was doing. George was aware of the danger in his position. The pup had the advantage and could easily snap his neck if she sensed he was a threat. She sniffed him. In most circumstances, the scenting would be considered rude, but he took it for what it was a pup trying to figure him out. Piper shook her head, and Rune relaxed. He came down the slid to stand beside her.
He pushed a finger in. A tight wet heat surrounded the digit. Slowly he stretched Steve open. He watched the lustful expressions cross Steve’s face. Steve’s started making short mewling sounds. The omega flexed around his fingers trying to take them deeper. Each one was more beautiful than the other as Steve grew more wanting.
"You aren't." The stench of Steve’s distress killed his arousal. Protection overrode his urge to mate.
Bruce dangled his stethoscope above her. She swatted it. He stood Piper up on the examination table. She pushed down on the surface with her feet. He took a wooden giraffe with wheels from his pocket and moved above the pup. Those blue eyes followed after it.
Steve pulled away from him. "Please, Tony, let's leave get away from this and figure out what to do. We can visit Peggy. I'm sure she'll be happy to have us."
“I love it,” he said. Steve was so happy. This was a commitment that Tony was willing to give him. He knew how hard it was for Tony willingly work on a project with someone.
Before he even had the chance to act on the omega’s demand Steve tore off his pants. Steve raised his hips, so the alpha could pull them down. Tony didn’t hesitate to follow the request. Steve’s legs wrapped around his waist, grinding their arousals together, causing them both to moan. The omega’s slick soaked through his briefs creating a wet friction. Tony moaned into their kiss.
"We may have this well handled, but it would mean a lot to him if you showed more interest," said Pepper.
Below was a detailed bulleted list of how to use the toy. There was also a diagram. There was a sentence at the end of the note that made him smile.
Rumlow slid a debriefing packet through the wall slot. Winter flipped open the folder. His target was a Hunter Smith, located in the Shawlands of Glasgow. A trip to Scotland would take him away from the pup for days.
The omega's scent grew in its intensity. Tony lost his battle against his wild counterpart. His eyes dilated fully, and teeth sharpened, an alpha in full rut. He rolled his shoulders. So long had he been caged away. There was only one priority, his omega. Nothing would keep him from protecting him.  He stalked toward Steve's hiding place, keeping his position low so not to spook the already frighten being. The omega had hidden behind a row of designer shirts. It was a pathetic attempt. Almost cute in away. Soft whimpers lured him near.  He pushed aside the veil of clothes. A pungent scent of fear hit him.
Tony sped off. Steve threw his bag over his shoulder going to the entrance. Kate’s scowling face was the first he encountered as he entered the building. Her venomous glared said it all. She stormed off. He relaxed, grateful for the lack of conversation. From the catwalk above there was laughter. A rope was thrown over the ledge and Clint came climbing down.
They were slow to part. Tony tried coaxing his omega to their den. He whined, backing further into the corner, shaking his head. Their nest stunk of fear. They'd rebuild here. The location was preferable. It would keep the omega out of plain sight. There was a secret exit if they need to escape. He got to his feet. Steve grabbed his hand and whimpered. He nuzzled the worried away. Wordlessly promising he'd be back soon.
“If that’s true, Piper. We’ll make sure he gets the treatment he needs,” Steve repeated, unconvinced but also unwilling to argue to point.
“Captain, the bank on 42nd passed Madison. They’ve cornered a lot of civilians in there,” said Clint.
"It's okay," she said, gently pulling his hand. He slowly got up and followed her, grabbing a box of his own.
Return fire sent Steve back. His foot slipped sending tumbling into the sky. He caught hold of a cord and pulled himself up. Below a container dove toward the ocean.
Tony woke an hour later. Steve’s side of the bed was empty. He got up and saw the studio door was open. Steve was working on a new painting. He could smell the stress and anxiety but was easing as Steve painted. Tony watched from the doorway not wanting to disturb the moment.
Steve moaned when the jets activated. They worked perfectly into his muscles. He shouldn’t get used to this, but it was so nice. At S.H.I.E.L.D, he wouldn’t be pampered like this. When the water-cooled, he got out. He toweled off and put on a pair of fresh underwear.
Steve hung on as the jet lost altitude this would be a crash landing. The wings of the jet slammed against a building as it went down. They ran out of the back, to the fight. They stared at the tear in the sky above them. Giant armored flying creatures came soaring out, knocking down the structures. Small flyers broke of it as it moved through the city.
Steve bolted out from the room. His inner chaos wracked his nerves. Time slowed. His pup was in danger he couldn’t move fast enough. He sprinted the three blocks. The building was nothing but darkened ruins.
“I’m sorry, Piper.” He ran his fingers over the letters. Maybe it would give him something more to hang onto.
“It reassures them that you aren’t scared of him.” Piper was advanced in so many ways, but this was where she was at a disadvantage. She sympathized, but couldn't really understand the complexities of what Steve was going through.
“I want to spend it in Malibu. It's more private there,” he said. At least there they had acres of private property.
Steve instantly disliked it. Even with the lights on the room was dark. It was painted gray with dark red detailing. It was meant to intimidate. He couldn't imagine having a family here. It felt cold.
Rumlow glared at the woman. He was glad she was on their side. The bitch was bat shit crazy. He would love to throw her to wolves. Let Stark and Rogers tear her apart. But she was too fucking valuable.
“I think you’ll be the one left wanting more,” said Steve with a roll of his hips, which left the alpha wordless for a few moments.
Steve wanted to tell the alpha to leave, that he didn't need him close. But he was too tired to defy his instincts anymore. He had to save his fight for when he was further along; when his heat really sunk its claws into him. Why should he have an opportunity to feel good when his pup could be suffering?
“No, that’s fine,” said Steve. He wanted to spend some time at home as well. “What’s the plan for today?”
"Then you're going to have to tell me," said Edith ignoring his tone. She couldn't answer the question stressing him if he refused to tell her. Steve took a shaky breath.
“She’ll deny herself a chance of escape to protect him. Her sense of loyalty is amazing for someone so young. It's hard to come by nowadays."
“Nothing, which was odd he always willing to share his conquests. Sometimes overly so,” said Rhodes.
Tony was on the couch with Steve. Something vibrated against his leg. Steve grumbled in his sleep, nuzzling closer to his neck. Tony slid the phone from Steve’s pocket. He flipped it open. Natasha was calling. She wouldn’t stop until someone answered.
"It's easier without shoes. Walk toe first and slowly shift your weight back to your heels," said Winter. His gate had permanently altered to walk silently. "But, you're not learning today. Focus on the bells."
Steve rubbed his face. "Why do we have to go over this? This happened almost a year ago. I'm happy that I got pregnant. It might not have been under best terms, but I wouldn't have changed anything."
He’d hoped nothing pertaining to the Stark girl would come directly to him. Fury hypnotized the worst-case scenario. In none of the scenarios was the girl’s death worst option. Piper had proven to pose a legitimate level of danger she was only three. His concern leaned to if she were allowed to continue on this path. Her threat level would rise if this continued. She’d be a greater threat than Widow or the Winter Soldier.
He would have to be in his nineties. The car stopped in of training facility. It was more secluded than where he was before. He followed Fury to a room. It was at least twice the size of his apartment in Brooklyn. Some of the appliances were foreign to him. Pressed against the wall was his dress uniform. Several new medals had been added, the most prestigious being the Medal of Honor. He touched the blue ribbon.
He paused when there was slight cramping in his abdomen. This level of discomfort he'd grown used in this term of his pregnancy. General discomfort was normal for anyone this far along.
She didn’t have many opportunities to find friends, even before being taken. The chances she had taken were all disappointments. They all proved uninteresting. Rune proved fascinating from the start. Even his name was interesting. Hopefully, there was more to him than that. Just him being here meant he was something special.
Their lack of appearance was scarier than their arrival. Work and pain he could handle. It was the anticipation he couldn't stand.
"I wouldn't call it history. He's more of an inconvenience. I think he's bitter that chose you an inferior alpha, his words over a prime example of an alpha specimen as him again his words not mine. He's one of the few alphas who enjoyed my scent."
“There’s something special about him that I haven’t felt with other children. We can give him a good life… and… I need to help him. I want you to meet him. Will you come here?
The only pattern he was able to hang onto in life. He had to keep following it. It was all he had. All he knew. The time to complete his task was shortening. He had to start.
“Any of those sounds good to me, I'm not picky. You’ll have to order at least three times what you normally get,” said Steve. A slight blush formed on his cheeks.
“It’s a rescue. Oh, he'll just love being rescued by two omegas,” he said. Steve yawned. His eyes were growing heavy.
"The glass is specially made. It allows one to look out at the city without being seen,” said Jarvis.
“How desperate am I? You threaten my world with war. You steal a force you can’t possibly hope to control. You talk about peace and kill cause it’s fun. You’ve made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did,” said Fury.
Steve changed into his real clothes. He took his shield from the closet. It had been months since he'd last touched it. The vibrant blue and red were too much. He was almost tempted to change it, but Piper would recognize it instantly if she chanced to see it. He picked it up, sliding it onto his arm, but didn’t put on the entire uniform. What he planned on doing to Piper’s kidnappers wasn’t fit for the stars and stripes.
"Your shirt was a bit too tight." It wasn't only the shirt. The always sweet pants were several inches too short.
“It’s serious, but Dr. Star is a skilled physician. She expected this may happen and made sure plenty of his blood type stocked,” said Christina.
“How about a bubble bath, baby girl? Does that sound good?" She nodded. "Jarvis, get the tub ready."
"I can think of a way for us to enjoy it more," he said rocking his hips against Steve's. Steve tensed underneath him. His face flushing a deep red. The omega tried hiding his face.
“I swear, Captain Rogers, I am only a consultant employed by S.H.I.E.L.D. I will give them only the most basic information I see necessary. There are no recording devices in this room. Whatever you say stays between us. I won’t even take notes if that makes you more comfortable,” he said.
“Is it impossible to believe I’m making an investment in a talented artist because of skill?” he said.
Winter nodded, and Sir left. Piper was an asset. She was to be protected. Rune too. There were no conflicts of interest. He didn’t know why he felt a sense of relief at that last thought – there were
Tony kissed him before leaving. Steve soaked for a few more minutes before getting out. He wrapped a towel around his waist. Steve scratched at his face. He needed to shave. He dropped the razor, bracing himself against the counter as a sudden wave of dizziness hit him. It passed a few seconds later. He thought little of it. Clean, freshly shaven, and teeth brushed he felt far more human. He settled in the kitchen.
Tony got up from his place beside Steve. Steve sighed, frustrated with himself. Maybe Tony could have found this sooner if he hadn’t been so caught up in his own grief.
“Loki is going to keep this fight focused on us and that’s what we need. We got Stark up top. I’m going to need-
“Hey, kids, why don’t you tell your parents that I’m here.” Piper stuck her tongue out at him before disappearing inside.
They went onto the beach. Steve dug his toes into the sand. He sat in the sand with Tony next to him. The sun felt wonderful against his skin.
Steve smiled but was also slightly nervously. The alpha trusted him and would guide him through it. Tony gathered the sterile cleaning tools and set them on the table. He took a seat on an examination table. Tony lay back on the table.
Tony watch them drive away. He itched to pull up the conversation between Natasha and Steve. Steve would never know.
“Yes, orange really isn’t my color. But Rumlow, men like you are a dime a dozen. Something to be thrown to the monsters. I'm something much more. I help tame and create their dreaded monsters."
Steve groaned locking his jaw. His teeth ground against each other as he bared through cramping aching pain. Tony rubbed his back trying to soothe him. He took a breath as it passed.
“Princess Elisabeth, Antarctica they study penguins and environmental issues. It’s nothing of interest. There really isn’t much out there. She isn’t going anywhere. And if I go there if she’s completely innocent my visit will somehow get out despite how remote her location is. We risk dragging an innocent woman’s name through the mud. You know how the press is but it's something I’m willing to do if you wish,” said Natasha.
Steve rolled his eyes. Tony was masterful with the pet names. Sweetcheeks, honey buns, dimples, and sweetheart were some of the tame ones. He’d yet to come up with a pet name for Tony.
Tony was slammed against the rotor blade behind him, unable to move. He slid underneath and became trapped, clanging uncontrollably against the large rotors. The giant engine blades slowed enough for him to get out. Only to see Steve being shot at. He zoomed toward the attacker, knocking him to the ground. Blood puddled underneath them. The man’s skull had fractured. Tony didn't care. The only thing that mattered was his omega. He went to Steve. The omega was tucked in a ball, pressed against the wall. The filters in his helmet were damage, so he could clearly smell Steve's distress.
“Actually, I am.” A badge was stamped down on the table. It was the woman with burns. She pinned his armed against his back, slamming him against the table. He snagged to dogs from the table, tucking them into his pocket. His hands were cuffed.
Rhodes took his leave and placed a bag of bagels on the counter. Steve had lost his appetite. He jumped when Tony touched his shoulder.
"That would be preferable. It would give me a chance to double-check my results in an actual lab," said Bruce.
“What caused it?” He wanted to understand. There was so much she expressed and did that was completely outside his frame of reference.
As soon as she entered, the door locked behind her. He hurried over to her. Her eyes were red a puffy from crying. Her hands were covered in welts and striped with dark bruises.
“His decision to talk will be completely up to Piper. In their relationship, she's the dominant of two, which is odd in itself. Eventually, they'll be able to have individual treatment, but for now, they’ll mostly be handled together."
“My daughter isn’t dead! She’s missing!” Tony shouted. He groaned as his heart started clenching. The monitor began beeping rapidly.
"Whoever it has to have a spine of steel. But be non-threatening enough for her to believe she can get the upper hand both mentally and physically. Piper will use any perceived weaknesses against them.”
“You have too much to risk by revealing this. Dr. Erskine was forced into his line of research by Hitler. They wanted an inexpensive way of producing super soldiers. Erskine believed an omega; if it survived the procedure, it would be able to do this. Hilter didn't want to risk giving an omega that kind of power.”
Away from the ring was where the engineers were, watching their projects from behind the scenes. Among the many men, was a woman. She was dressed in cargo pants, a black tank top, and work boots. Her tan skin was marked with scars. The woman’s short black hair was tied into pigtails.
Peggy swatted him on the back of the head. Tony gave him several cookies. He rested them on his stomach.
After his experience in an omega facility, he swore never to go back. Bucky would guard the door of his room while he worked through it alone. Luckily his heat-raddled mind didn’t see Bucky as a potential mate. It was a miserable time that he dreaded. Once it was over it left emotionally and physically wrecked.
He pressed Steve against the car, locking their lips. Steve relaxed giving into the motion. He pushed his tongue into the omega’s mouth, slowly lapping it against Steve’s. Tony pulled away leaving Steve breathless.
Tony carefully got up with Piper in his arms. He went upstairs to the library, setting her down on the couch. Tony pulled a knitted blanket over her, and kissed her on the forehead.
Tony nodding, handing it to him. Steve sorted through it, tossing the junk the mail. He stopped at a letter from Martin Lane. He was one of Steve’s VA friends. A fellow World War II veteran. That population was shrinking rapidly. Soon he'd be the only one left. Steve opened the envelope. He sighed.
Maria felt the boy move in her arms. He was looking up at her, his deep electric blue eyes wide open. He smiled before cuddling tightly to her again. Her heart melted. She held him closer. Maria had never felt this connection with other children. There must be something unique about the boy for him to be in that frozen hellscape at all.
He glared at Rumlow. The alpha had taken some shrapnel to the leg and was overplaying it to get out of the heavy lifting. They’d spent the night there. Steve went back in to grab another crate. It would take days to catalog, which meant hours of work potentially in front of a computer. He tossed Rumlow a clipboard.
“Four. I'll teach you all of them." Winter pulled a fighting dummy from the wall before continuing. “You pack a lot of power for being so small, but taking down a larger opponent, especially a highly trained one, will be difficult. Until you grow a bit, you’ll have to focus on the weak points. The throat, eyes, neck, groin, and gut," said Winter striking each point on the dummy.
Rhodes woke hours later finding, Tony awake sipping a drink. He checked his eyebrow, relieved to find they were still there. James was surprised to see Tony’s serene expression. It had been decades since he last saw his friend with such an expression.
Steve knew there was a stranger in his den, but what he didn't know was if she were a threat. This woman was encroaching on his mate. It didn’t matter. They were getting out of here and going to New York or to visit Peggy for a few days. He was sick of the helicopters circling around their home. He tossed their bags to the lower floor.
"I would hate for Pepper to interrupt," Tony said, and explained about a project they were working to complete before the deadline.
“We have value. If we didn't, and we did something that went against them, they’d kill us instead of tolerating us. So, what did you see? Tell me everything even the most seemingly unimportant detail.”
“I’m not moving. You want something take it. Although the guns are all fake cause wankers wouldn’t trust me with a real one,”
He followed her into the kitchen. Aunt Peggy’s home always cozy compared to his father’s lavish mansion. It was lived in. His home lacked the element of family life. There were scuffs in the paint and marks on the doorways showing the growth of her pups, Steven and Emma. He caught her pausing in front of kettle, seemingly, not knowing what to do. Tony’s heart dropped, seeing such a brilliant woman struggle with such a simple task.
Steve tensed, feeling the arms around his waist. His nerves were soothed by the alpha's earthy clove scent. Callused hands traveled gently underneath his shirt, massaging his abdomen. The pressure was perfect. He leaned into the man behind, granting him further control. Steve moaned, blushing as a squelch of slick in his undergarments. His muscles relaxed. He took a deep breath.
“Did I say that? You’re so quick to dismiss. Even though I was unable to gather anything of significance on Winter, I found solid information on his engineer, Igor Pirosky.”
Winter picked her up. She cuddled into his neck. He leaned against the foot of the bed. Out of the hazed nothingness of his past, a song came forth. He started humming the tune.
The guilt of Bucky’s death hit him hard in his already emotional state. A hand traveled through his hair.
Steve went to the first guest bedroom he found. It had little decoration. The room was clean. Proving the alpha wasn't much for long term company. He crawled into bed, but it was too soft. Steve dragged the blankets from the bed, spreading them out on the floor.
to read A few pages in and the pups were asleep. He closed the curtains to make sure the sun wouldn't come up and wake them.
Tony sighed he didn’t understand why Steve was still here. He’d gotten more than he deserved with Steve’s forgiveness.
He was sure their bond was dependent. If one didn't trust him, neither would. And the decision of trust seemed to be up to Piper.
The alpha searched the scan for any potential harm to his omega. His temperature and general level of stress were reduced.
At twelve hundred hours lunch came, and again the pup sheltered behind him. He stared at the tray it was double the amount they normally gave. What was on the tray looked more like food than anything he’d seen in years. It wasn’t that high protein, nutrient-rich, flavorless crap he was used to eating. They each took their share. She hadn’t eaten her share of broccoli.
“Something Rhodes said got to me. He reminded me that every part me is enhanced including the pheromones I release when I’m with a person. I was worried that it was the reason-
Tony took a jacket from his chair, pulling it over the sleeping being. Steve nuzzled into the fabric, purring. That sound was addictive in its perfection. He so wanted to join him. Tony pressed a gentle kiss on his temple. Something set his protective instincts on edge. He growled, moving closer to the omega. Feet against the window. His omega didn’t wake. There was a shatter of glass. His armor surrounded him.
“You know what would happen when I told people I was Ironman’s bodyguard. They would laugh in my face.”
Lena went to her room, changed into a fresh shirt and grabbed her bag. Carl leaped into her arms for another goodbye hug. She held him close.
Winter's eyes widened, backing away. She was fine a minute ago. What happened? He went to his corner letting her work through whatever she was experiencing. It took three hours for the episode to pass. She was now sleeping in the center of the room. He was in no rush to wake her. Dinner came at seventeen hundred hours. The pup was dozing, but by the time he finished his share she'd woken up completely. He pushed the tray toward her. She slid it back. He pushed it back toward her.
“Steve! She’s capable of handling herself. She assessed the situation and deemed it safe enough to approach. If she didn't think she could handle it, she wouldn't have done it."
“No, me and Rune didn’t interact much with the higher-ups. Wouldn’t have known if we did. He was just a bit higher than the guards. That’s the impression I got.”
“Probably going to be here any second. They think you’d be a bad influence. What gave them that idea?”
“Piper, we have to look to make sure you were stable. We have to know if you're healthy," said Tony.
Steve nervously clenched and unclenched the sheets, unable to meet his mate’s gaze. Tony closed the space between, leaving only mere inches keeping them apart.
That brief moment of eye contact told Tony how much the single sentence hit a nerve. Pressing wasn’t the answer.
“Yeah, A I saved you first. B thanks sorta. And C if you do someone a solid don’t be a yutz play cool or you come off grandiose,” said Tony. He unlocked the car.
“It’s soothing. The first engine disassembled and resembled was when I was two. Took me a week to reassemble it properly. I know this.”
“It doesn’t matter it likely is the source of power. But I bet what you can do is directly related to the people who run this place. Have you always been with them?” asked Piper.
Race was never an issue for Steve. It was what made a person that mattered to him, not the color of their skin.
"Maybe your inner omega responded that way because it feels like it can finally trust and alpha."  The line went silent, but she could hear him breathing on the other end. “Still there?”
“It’s not in my nature. If I’m forced to tolerate you, I’ll make sure it’s on my terms. My head of security will be accompanying you to New York,” he said.
Steve smiled. His first Christmas in seventy years. He hadn’t gotten Tony a present. Steve was sure the alpha wouldn’t care, but he couldn’t help feeling a little guilty. After last night the alpha wouldn’t care.
Their lips met in a slow undemanding kiss that eased them in them into the passion awaiting them. Soon he goes pliant in his arms, opening for more gentle kisses. Letting Steve return or break the kiss as needed.
Tony disappeared into the portal. Darkness and enemies surrounded him. Steve’s image disappeared. The result of his sacrifice played out in front of him. He faded into unconsciousness.
"You should be in there at least till Stark gets here. I'll keep guard," he said. Steve had reacted negatively to any alpha presence in his room, including him.
He sat on the step, watching her for a while. Despite it being four in the morning, she seemed to be fully awake. Her tongue poked out her mouth as she concentrated. Piper pulled away from the pieces she was working on.
They drove to the jet. Steve settled into a chair close to a window, watching as they took off. His eyes remained locked on the sky. Another chance was stolen from them. When would another lead appear? Tony took his hand, squeezing gently.
"It's safe, sweetheart. If she does anything to harm you or the pup she knows what will happen," he said.
Piper shoved her hands in her pockets to stop herself from playing with the engine. "I know what you're doing."
Steve almost growled at the AI’s sarcastic tone. He needed to get into the shower. Steve went into the bathroom. The frigid water was a welcome jolt. It cleared the feral haze sweeping over his mind. There was a knock at the bathroom door.
“Please come back!” he cried, clutching the alpha's chest. "Please, I need you. You're going to be farther. I can't do this alone."
Steve turned red. Tony was creative, especially in this area. He was curious to see what Tony had in mind.
Steve pulled away from him, placing a gentle kiss on his forehead. Tony touched on a darker subject that needed to be addressed.
“I won’t have the press hunting down a potentially innocent family,” said Steve. The press had already turned against them. Questioning how they could let daughter be taken. Their capabilities as parents. He didn’t want to see a normal family put through that.
"I was about to tell Happy who I was and he thought I was pregnant. Then he told me his heart couldn’t take another pregnancy scare,” he said.
“She won’t. Edith is discrete. She puts her patient first. There were some things I wanted to be kept off the record and she made sure it stayed that way. She'll do the same for you,” said Natasha.
“It a child’s carcel. Hopefully, it proves soothing to the pup,” said Thor. He touched one of the birds and the gift took on its original form and handed it over to Steve.
He wouldn't. Tony provided a level of stability he found nowhere else. The idea of bringing their child into the world without was horrifying.
She ignored him, turning her back to him, and traced the painted patterns. “What did you do while I was gone?”
“We are sweeping every wirelessly accessible camera on the planet. Cellphones, laptops, if it's connected to a satellite its eyes and ears for us,” said Phil.
Tony moved next to him placing his hand on Steve's stomach. He smiled when he felt the gentle thump.
"He was strong, Tony. Equal to me. I couldn't fight at the same level. I tried. But I couldn't protect her!" he cried. He felt so weak.
"Yeah, Howard was paranoid. Kept his most valuable things in there. Anything about you would be there," said Tony.
Tony didn’t want to say he went to see Aunt Peggy. It would ruin the comfort of the moment, but Steve had a right to know.
“I would take you the museums to speed up this process, but we can’t risk you being recognized,” said Phil.
He wiped Tony’s mouth clean then drained the tub. The alpha tried to stand but fumbled forward into his arms. In one arm he braced Tony in one arm and wrapped a towel around the alpha's waist with the other. He lifted Tony out of the tub and set him on the floor next to the toilet. Steve cleaned up the mess, not wanting the bathroom to smell of vomit. He shoved the dirty clothes in the hamper and changed into clean clothes. He took a pair of sleeping pants from Tony’s drawer. Steve went into the bedroom and gathered a few pillows and blankets. Steve returned to the bathroom. He dried Tony before dressing him in the sleeping pants. There was no point in putting the alpha in a shirt, he'd likely get sick again. He set Tony’s head on the pillow. Steve took a seat on the floor next to him. It would be a long night. Steve never left the alpha’s side, always checking to make sure Tony’s airway was clear. Around six in the morning, he felt safe enough to close his eyes.
Steve nodded, sitting up so Tony could move behind him. Those deft fingers worked into his muscles, working out the knots. He moaned. Steve braced himself against the alpha as he worked through another cramping pain. It was impossible to find a comfortable position. He was awake now and doubted he would fall back asleep.
Steve slowly woke from a deep frigid sleep. His vision blurred for a moment.  He stared up at a yellowing ceiling. Where was he?! The last thing he remembered was falling. Then a sudden unforgiving cold. The image of Peggy flashed before his mind. How did he get here? He shook away the thought. He had to keep his wit about him.
The movie started. It was nearly three hours long. That was plenty of time to get close. The opening credits played. It was difficult paying attention to the film with Tony so near. Tony had to make the first move. He lacked the confidence to make, but he was sure he could follow through if given a chance. As the movie played, the space between them shrunk. His heart raced as Tony’s arm wrapped around his shoulder, allowing him to come closer. Why was his heart acting like this? The two of them did so much together, why with this getting to him?
When they reached their penthouse, Natasha was perched at the bar, an empty shot glass sitting in front of her. She spun the glass. Natasha always appeared when there was even the slightest hint of where Piper might be.
They caught the last one just in time. Tony dropped them into the water. He looked back. All of them surfaced. They cheered.
His heart raced. Every time Tony said it made his heart race. He hoped it never lost that charm. “I love you too."
“Going to gun range really isn’t our thing. I was aiming for the bulb. You can’t hit a bulb at this distance,”
They weren’t animals. She couldn’t pry it open and get a look inside, or get it off. The lock was impossible to crack with only her bare hands. There was a reason they’d put it on Theodore. It wasn’t for decoration. Without knowing its true function she couldn’t risk messing with it. And tampering with it may hurt Theodore.
“She seems to be flourishing under his attention. Do you see any downsides to Becker's teaching method?"
“Thanks,” he said. Steve checked his phone. When he flipped it open, there were two missed calls from Natasha and three from Edith.
“Neither, I’m a machine person. If I had to choose I would say dog. I don’t like the idea of dealing with a litter box. I hated Aunt Peggy’s cat. It constantly pounced and bit at my ankles. Why?” he asked.
Tony turned in his chair, touching their foreheads together. The alpha was spent, yet he endured. There were bags under his eyes and stress made his age more visible. He ran his fingers through Tony's hair. The few strands of gray were more apparent.
She concentrated on her breathing instead of the cool edge pressed against her neck. Her shaking gradually lessened. Piper dug her toes into the mat, making herself stay put. Winter was doing this for her own good, she believed. It took ten minutes for the urge to run to die down. He lowered the knife.
They went to the office. With every session, the room became gradually less frightening. It was slow, but enough for Piper to lower her guard enough for Lena to get her hook in the girl. It had taken three weeks for that opening to appear. She put the chessboard on the coffee table.
“You told me to make it as soon as possible, sir. I've made it with Dr. Gregory Crane. You’ve seen him before.”
He backed away as Tony came closer. There was nothing threatening about his posture. He would have felt better if Tony were angry.
The doctors found no signs of abuse. Tony would have felt more relief if he didn't know Piper's healing factor. The boy likely had similar abilities. He looked at Piper's hand. There was still blood under her fingernails. Her palms were callused. Bruce was already on his way.
"Why? He's helped you through so much. Steve, your Tony's paths have already intertwined so deeply. I don't believe that Mr. Stark believes you a burden. And I'm sure if he were to intend one of our sessions he would tell you that," said Barny.
Her brow furrowed in thought. Then she smiled. “Pass a lie detector test with my Aunt Nat. Then I’ll talk to you.”
“Lots of practice and countless targets. I got a feel for how it reacted to other substances. I don’t even have to think about it. It’s almost a part of me. I assume it's the same for your bow," he said.
“It’s sped up drastically from S.H.I.E.L.D’s earlier predictions. I predict by late tomorrow he'll be in heat. Oh, and Happy will be arriving shortly,” said Jarvis.
Steve was proud of how Piper defended her friend, but the Winter Solider was a dangerous, unknown factor. Though, the alpha’s actions had proved startling. A knock on the door broke the tension and Hill entered with Edith.
“I’ll come to fetch my med-bag when things cool down here,” said Edith. "It may only last a day," she added.
“Well, if he could do that he could achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet,” said Banner.
Steve shook his hand. There was some familiar to his expression. The alpha was handsome, and his scent pleasant, but that didn't cut it for something like this. There was no gut attraction.
Steve put on fresh pair underwear. He didn’t bother with putting on anything else. At Jarvis’ encouragement, he ate. He put his dish in the sink. The shimmer of his necklace caught his attention. His fingers ran over the smooth cool surface.
They laughed. Steve snorted. Tony was the first to fall asleep. Steve ran his fingers through that thick dark brown hair. He forced himself to stop. Steve couldn’t stop his hormone-induced mind from imagining a life with Tony. Two pups, a girl and a boy. Their second gender wouldn't matter. They'd be adorable. A home with a big back yard for them to play in.
Steve went into the bathroom. He leaned over the mirror. Steve raised his upper lip. He thought of marking Tony with his claim. Steve flinched with his canines extended into mating teeth. They’d never had a reason to show before now. He took a breath and they retracted to their original length. He rubbed his jaw trying to relieve some of the soreness. Steve went into the kitchen to help Tony. He ended up taking over the task when the news distracted Tony. He seemed particularly interested in the business news focusing on the Osborne Company.
Banner smiled not paying him any mind. This joking communication was new to him. It bordered on annoying, but it was refreshing. But there was work to be done.
“No, Erskine chose Captain Rogers for his merits as a man. Him being an omega didn’t matter. The U.S. military chose Steve because he was an omega. They needed an omega that was fully willing to give their consent. How do you think Captain Rogers would respond to the fact that he was accepted for project rebirth since he was an omega?”
“You will not tell him. If anyone does it will be me, in my own time.” Steve realized he was growling at the AI unit and took a breath. “It's my secret to tell, not yours,” he explained more calmly.
Steve woke late the next morning, groaning at the feel of the dirty crumpled bedsheets against his skin. He got up not being able to take the feel against his skin. Steve stripped the bed, blushing when the dildo fell to the floor. He quickly shoved it in the drawer. Steve shoved the dirty bedding into the hamper. From the closet, he heard the shower running. He tossed off his clothes and got in.
The request worked in Lena’s favor, so she allowed it. Winter’s presence during the appointment would make Piper less likely to try anything.
"Is that a good or a bad thing?" asked Winter. Something as petty as the girl winning could mean trouble.
He pulled away from Steve. Tony poured himself a drink. Steve's eyes were on him. Steve went to their bedroom. Tony downed the drink in one gulp before pouring himself another. He hit the ground. Steve's shield shredded through the glass bottle above him.
"Go back to sleep." The short conversation had done little to wake him up. He turned, so he was facing Tony. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, pulling him close to his chest. Tony cuddled into his neck. Steve smiled, delightfully surprised at this side of the alpha. He soon fell asleep. At ten, he woke. He'd slept in.
“Yes, but Barton can handle himself.” Natasha thought of Piper as her own. Even more so than Clint’s pups. She could fit herself into a mothering role without overstepping.
Steve groaned when his phone went off, waking him up. He answered it, not even looking at the time or who was calling.
Piper bit her lip, trying not to let her fear reach overwhelming levels. It was impossible to push it away. Winter was out there and likely contributing to the carnage. She shifted closer to Rune, trying to gain some comfort from his closeness.
"You'll have your hands full with her. She'll be beautiful. You'll have to swat the alphas off of her with a stick. Of course, I'll teach her some tricks to dealing with those silly alphas."
“How can I be pissed at you, Tony? I’m here to thank you. You’ve given the greatest gift anyone has ever given me, desperation. If you think back to Switzerland you said you meet me on the rooftop. Well, for the first twenty minutes I actually thought you’d show up. For the next hour I consider taking that one step short cut to the lobby if you know what I mean?” he said.
Tony wasn't stopping him from working or forcing him into the stay at home omega life. Steve had fallen into it. It became a habit. When Steve grew up this was what omegas were supposed to do. This was the kind of life his mom and Bucky wanted for him. There was a time when he actually wanted a life like that, but then he’d realized there was so much more out there. He shook away the thought.
The pup looked on the verge of crying again. Her discovery of the collar had brought back that bad mood. He took one of the medical books from the foot of the bed, dropping it in her lap. The doctor probably left them for the girl to read. He gained nothing from them.
Steve opened the box, letting him see inside. Paper-clipped neatly were all their museum tickets from their dates. Lining the box was one of his pillowcases. When had Steve taken it? Tucked into the corner was a locket with Peggy Carter’s image. The other items were knickknacks Steve collected through his missions.
He moved his arms away. Piper clung on, shaking violently against him. With how badly she was shivering, he didn’t know how it was possible for her to cling so tightly to him. Lena sighed.
Tony moved onto the couch with him, taking him into his arms. Steve pushed into the comfort of his embrace.
Steve fell to his knees. His last moments with his mate were spent in an argument. His hand traveled to the claim, marking his neck. A bond truly is broken by death. The connection it carried was still present, but he couldn't travel after it. He entered a combat mode to escape the stress of what happened. It was the only way for him to process. He tapped his watch. His shield broke free the rubble.
“If I want to kill the bastard, I'll do it with my own hands." It wasn't an if scenario. When the chance came, he would kill the bastard who stole his daughter.
“She’s my what? Pepper can handle herself. Call Hill, she’d be far more fascinated by this. I’m sure she's taught Pepper plenty of fun things to deal with situations like this."
He took the pillows from the bed. Steve folded the comforter over himself. He'd prefer a wood floor to plush carpet, but it was better than the bed.
Winter didn’t reply but the lethal coldness of his stare was answer enough. She reminded herself to trust Winter. This was her friend. She wouldn't be frightened of him. The only sign of her fear the slight twitch of her leg.
She snuck out of bed much later in the morning. Gloria was already working on brunch. She stood beside the elderly woman and began helping her with the meal.
Piper slowly stepped into the hallway, instantly searching for some sort of retribution, then quickly followed after Winter, not wanting to get separated from him. He seemed to know his way around.
“He has such a mastery color and texture. Anyone can paint pain, but he mixed the pain and passion of his life and made it into something so beautiful is a true gift that isn’t matched easily to other painters,” said Steve. The same applied to Tony. He mixed passion and pain to create Ironman. The armors were masterpieces in themselves. He doubted Tony would consider himself an artist.
Steve returned to the penthouse. His hand went over his stomach. People would want his baby. That would be a constant threat they'd have to look out for.
"It will tell me if the seal has been tampered with after drawing, and the case has a location lock to Stark Tower. The labs there will have all you need. Where you can work under Jarvis's supervision," said Tony.
“You’ve put yourself through some wear and tear over the years, Mr. Stark. I honestly expected to find more damage. It appears you've torn your rotator cuff. I want to take an ultrasound of your shoulder."
"You're likely the head of some psychiatric unit at some well-known hospital. Because of doctor-patient confidentiality, you won't be able to report on me, at least not in name. But even if you blank out my name, it would easy enough to put together who I am. It will be real career booster,” said Piper.
“I pulled some strings with the Smithsonian. The frame is extremely durable, and in case anything happens to it, I’ve made copies,”
"I should be thanking you, Steve. I don't know where he'd be without you in his life. The two of you falling for each other is one the best things to happen to him," said Rhodes.
Maybe, but Tony wanted to handle things himself! Get answers himself, as an alpha, and powerful leader –
"Piper, when I was your age, people wanted to take me to. There were a few close attempts. They didn't succeed until I was an adult. Innocent people died trying to stop it from happening,” said Daddy.
“They don’t want to push you into something you’re not ready for or some bullshit excuse like that.”
“He’s called Loki. He’s not from around here. There’s a lot we’ll have to bring you up to speed on, if you’re in. The world has gotten even stranger than you know,” said Fury.
Steve wordlessly walked to him, giving him a ten. Some of the officers were stared at him with fascination. These weren’t the trainees that were used to seeing him on a weekly basis. He hated the attention but did his best to ignore it.
The new trial of the century was the Punisher. He’d watched the trial and didn’t understand Frank’s sudden break in composure. Castel had been during the duration of the trial until then. The man survived the horrors of war only to lose what was most precious when he returned home. Steve didn’t condone the violence, but he related more than he wanted to admit. If they truly lost Piper, would he be driven to the same point? Ruthless violence for the sake of someone who was already gone. The question didn’t need asking. Deep down, he knew he’d accept the darkness and become something ruthless to avenge her.
Steve shrugged. Tony was thrown onto the bed. Under different circumstances, it would be far more arousing. Maybe he could convince Steve.
Steve sighed. This wasn’t a replacement for Howard. It would be unfair of him to think of Tony that way. Tony was a stranger to him. He couldn’t help who he was attracted to. He took the wine glasses from the coffee table and placed them in the sink.
When Tony got to the penthouse floor Steve was seemed to be in a trance. He was staring blankly into his coffee. Tony slowly ran his hand down Steve’s back.
Winter could almost hear her thinking. The answers he’d given her weren’t the ones she wanted. He pushed another book into her hands.
Piper looked between the two and pointed to the parrots, then smiled. It was a small distraction. Eventually, she would figure out that Steve was gone.
“Did I do that too?” said Piper. If he did this to her, he had to be something special. Rune nodded. “You’re not angry?”
Did Lena really think she could be so easily convinced? She’d planned on ignoring the toy until she caught its scent. Honey and vanilla, that sweet smell emanated from the stuffed animal's fluffy fabric. She had to have it! Piper yanked her hand from Theodore's. Then she swiftly retreated to the shelter he provided once she’d grabbed the bunny. She pressed her nose into the fabric. It lacked whatever made Papa's scent Papa's. But it was all she had.
He didn't respond, attention so focused elsewhere. Winter tried to decipher what he was hearing. The soft motorized whir wasn't from the same small plane that had taken away the doctor. This was a jet of some sort. Whoever was landing was meant to travel fast. They'd never sent a replacement for the woman’s absence before.
Piper yanked it off Winter and slid it away from them. Winter shielded her as the unknown alpha took his hand off the switch.
“Did I do good?” Why did the pup always ask him that? Even when she struggled, she did better than anyone could expect from someone in her position.
Tony laughed, simply shrugging it off. It was a mocking sound, an insulting echo to what Rhodes was used to hearing to from his best friend.
"Is talking to me so painful? I promise I can be a wonderful company if given a chance," said Barny.
“I still need to know these things for the health of this one,” Edith pressed, sympathetic but firm. Steve nodded. “How far along were you?”
Steve took a breath. “I was taken back to the war. Among the mud and gunfire were you and Piper on the battlefield...You were so cold. It felt so real."
Sighing, Tony went to get it. They set out the food on the coffee table. Steve didn’t bother with chopsticks, he just used a fork. After they finished eating, he helped Tony clean up. When they laid down on the couch, Steve pressed himself closely to Tony, craving contact. He started dozing off at some point during the news. Only to be jolted awake by the loudness of his own purrs, when Tony's hand glided across his stomach.
He snarled at Edith. His opinion of her hadn't changed. He didn't want her near his mate, but her presence was necessary. Four betas nurses were with her. They introduced themselves. He couldn't care less about their names. His mate was the only thing that mattered.
The morning came. Steve yawned stretching out. Piper was asleep for the moment. He tucked her in Tony arms.
“I would say it does. We have so little here. They can’t take where you come from. If they take your memories of it,” said Rune.
Cramping pain forced Steve from his slumber. He clenched the sheets as he worked through the pain. A hand traveled through his hair. It provided a minuscule distraction. The ache passed for the moment. Tony sat by his side.
Something unexpected had been revealed during the battle. Piper had a high tolerance against electricity in her fully activated state. Likely due to the Extremis present in her DNA. Extremis used bioelectricity to strengthen its subject. Theoretically, it could be possible for Piper to strengthen further during activation if exposed to a vast amount of electricity. Or it could kill her.
"We have little data on the reaction. I don't know how hot she'll run. Or if that's a side effect we have to worry about," said Bruce.
“That makes me feel old. I remember when you were in diapers. You were such a cute baby,” she said. Peggy leaned back in her seat, examining her godson. “What’s the real reason you’re here?”
Winter twitched. His mind lacked the will to reach its definition, but it was nothing good. It was dark.
“Me too we’ll keep her out of the limelight as much as possible,” said Tony. Piper started squirming in his arms. He put her back with her toys.
He leaned back, getting comfortable. Watson joined him on the couch. He rubbed the dog’s stomach. Tony came in tea and cookies. Peggy followed behind him, humming happily. He winced. Tony rushed over to him.
She finished off breakfast and opened the box of crayons. They’d given her nothing to draw on. Well, there was a perfectly good floor, which was in need of decoration. The first thing she drew was Papa’s shield and then Daddy’s Ironman helmet. Piper never drew people. Drawing them was difficult and she could never get the facial expressions right. Her eyes teared as she traced the images with her fingertips.
Steve went to his studio readying a blank. Jarvis's alarm went off at 12:00 am. He cleaned his brushes. Steve went to their room hanging his paint clothes on his side of the closet. He climbed into bed, falling into a restless sleep he woke an hour later. His heart raced, his breath came in heavy gasping pants. A cold sweat drenched his skin. Tony's side of the bed was empty.
“It’s fine Fury covered it, even if he didn’t, I’d be happy to pay for it after the week we spent together,” said Tony. A deep red blush spread across Steve's face reaching his ears. Tony chuckled.
“Normal and freakish are relative. Compared me, Thor and your Papa, you are normal,” reassured Bruce.
Lena glanced at the mess of crumpled paper on the ground. She kicked away a crumpled ball near her foot.
Tony hit the floor as bullets flew past him. His armor wrapped around him, protecting him from the fray. He went sliding toward the cliff's edge.
Steve went to the elevator. He put on a smile when it reached the penthouse. Piper started crawling toward him. He picked her up, nuzzling her. She purred softly. He purred in return. Everything in him needed this time. Steve took her with him into the bedroom for some cuddle time.
“Yes, I’ll have a cheeseburger with everything on it and a strawberry milkshake,” said Steve. He was tempted to order double that he didn’t want to have Clint pay for all that.
Two hours later Steve was growing more and more irritated. He was six hours in. The entire time was spent walking laps. Only pausing to brace himself or regain balance.
“I understand pushing away what you believe you don’t deserve. When I’m with you I find myself questioning whether I deserve what we have when so many didn’t return. We are the same in that sense,” he said.
The scent of fresh slick made Tony licked his lips. He sniffed Steve’s neck. The omega wasn’t there yet. Steve whined, clearly unsatisfied at the level of attention he was receiving. Tony pulled a blanket over them. Those azure were focused on him, staring at him with such admiration. This was his omega no other would do. They shared gentle kisses and nuzzles. He purred, easing the omega into sleep.
Piper sat on the steps of the grand stairway with her learning material. Flying through the starting pages of the question packet. Rune sat next to her, looking over her shoulder.
Early the following day, Steve woke. He lowered the blanket, checking for blood. Thankfully, there was none. Tony was asleep beside him.
"There something wrong with me mentally. I most likely have a version of PTSD like Papa and Daddy. So, why do I need you telling me what’s wrong with me? It seems you gain more from me than I do from you.”
Steve took a deep gasping breath, once Thor left. The scent of two powerful rival alphas fighting was making his body haywire. He groaned when slick dampened his underwear. Steve hoped that Phil design of his uniform included some kind scent blocker.
Dr. Wu placed a small tube containing the shrapnel he taken from Stark’s chest. Steve kissed Tony’s forehead. He made it. All that worry was seemingly for nothing. He pulled a chair as close to the bed. Rhodes gave Piper to him before taking the seat across from him. Steve remained awake, watching the rise and fall of Tony's chest. At five in the morning, Tony's eyes fluttered up.
She had leverage that ensured her freedom. She was the only person who knew Piper’s activation codes. Even if she somehow landed in front of the Avengers, those codes provided her the same collection. She had the power to destroy the beloved daughter of two of the most powerful avengers. Her shield was invulnerable.
The intense smell of blood and gun residue made them back further into their shelter. There was no hiding. Piper forced through the paralyzing fear and growled. Sir overturned the bed. A quiet
Steve fell asleep. Omegas slept through most of their preheat. The tall man curled up in the corner of the couch.
“I’m not asking for her to face them. We only need a few pictures she to prove she's back,” said Pepper.
The response to the handlers’ absence was immediate. The opponents jumped away from each, sizing each other up.
Bruce tensed when he realized the report was missing. Piper walked across the room, picking it and offering it to him. Bruce took it, smoothing the crumpled cover page.
Steve wanted to tell him. But he needed to be free of the protective alpha instinct that would ensue when he did. He had to be free to fight this fight fully.
Later Steve and Natasha went to the train station. He tucked the ticket into his jacket pocket. The train ride was quiet but peaceful. They explored the small village surrounding the castle. Natasha split off from him and came back moments later with a magnet of the castle.
“Don’t, don’t do that to yourself, Clint. This is Loki. This is monsters and magic. And nothing you or I ever trained for,” she said.
“Maybe, but I hope I don’t have to make that choice. It’s not like anyone would allow me to.” Which was a relief. She killed people before, but it was blurry, and she had the comfort of knowing it was in self-defense.
"No reason to put a label on it yet. Take it day by day until we figure out what we want to call it," said Tony.
He kneeled, so he was at eye level with the kid. "I was wondering if you could do something for me, Rune."
“You aren’t going anywhere,” growled Tony, pulling him closer. He hadn't meant for his to be so low.
Steve howled barely comprehending the sensation of Alpha filling him, so lost in his pleasure. He rocked back against it, moaning incoherently into the mattress until his body exploded. The orgasm was the most intense of his life. Everything tingled, everything felt sensitive. The heat was still there, but the ache was gone. He’d gotten what he needed. Alpha tilted his head, exposing his neck. Steve shivered, feeling the alpha's breath against his skin. Moaning as he felt the pressure of the alpha's bite against his scent neck. Unaware of how trinket he wore protected him from the mark he desired.
Rune shrunk back. He understood why she was defending Winter so fiercely, but why was she so angry at her parents. They really seemed to love her. He had little familiarity with the emotion, but he was sure that was it.
Steve got dressed, hurrying to the kitchen. He caught Piper in a hug when she came out. She cuddled against him.
“Not a word. I work for Tony Stark, keeping secrets is in my job description. I’m not sure how I’d even begin to explain this."
“Happy, my assistant,” said Tony. He went to the bar. After today he needed a drink to take off the edge.
He reached up and kissed his mate. His stomach growled. He hardly got taste any of the wonderful he and Tony had selected.
“I think Loki is trying to wind us up. This is a man who means to start a war. And if we don’t stay focused he’ll succeed. We have orders we should follow them,” said Steve.
The two went to sleep. When he woke up Natasha was cuddled against his chest. Steve thought nothing of it. She was only seeking warmth in her sleep. Steve carefully moved away from her.
"We don't know what she's been forced to endure, though it can't be any worse than what we've imagined. We don't know how chaotic the rescue may be. It will be scary, but she will know that armor anywhere," said Steve.
Tony groaned, feeling a migraine coming on. Steve sheltered in his studio working on some masterpiece. He should have implied that he would have taken Piper away, but he was so angry. He went to Howard’s bar unlocking the liquor cabinet, looking over the slightly dusted over bottles.
For the surgeon's sake, he hoped so. He'd hate to be the subject of Captain America's vendetta. But he may be feeling some of that wrath later today.
"I'm happy to have you here. You can borrow my bike. It’s not a Harley but it will get you where you’re going,” said Tony.
Steve focused somewhere else, not wanting to talk further on Bucky. It was too painful. Even if it were the good memories. But he couldn't help wonder what Bucky would think of the alpha. They'd probably get on each other's nerves. Bucky thought no one was good enough for him. He'd probably Tony was cocky. Steve could see Buck giving Tony his grudging approval.
“Shh, you’ll wake her.” He lowered her into the playpen. The two bots surrounded the pen, staring at her. Tony dove into his most recent project. Only pausing to tend to Piper.
He was already losing Steve to sleep. Tony kissed the omega goodbye. He couldn’t waste any time. It would be fastest to take the suit. He put on the armor speed toward California. The suit would have more than enough energy to get him there and back.
"You don't want to hurt me. And you can't scare me. Prove me wrong. Hit me, like, that other one did."
There couldn’t be a leak on his side. Otherwise, there’d be far worse consequences. He called Joseph. The bastard had the nerve not pick on the first ring.
It was cleansed of all scent except a chemical cleaner. Underneath that dense smell was blood. When he moved to cover his nose, he noticed lettering scratched into the metal of his wrist.
Steve placed his phone on the bedside table and put on a pair of shorts. He went into the kitchen and took a seat at the island. Tony placed a fruit salad and glass orange juice in front of him. The fruit was fresh and smelled good. It looked good too, but he couldn’t get himself to eat. He poked at it with his fork.
Rune twitched when he heard Pepper's car pulling into the driveway. He quickly put his plate in the dishwasher. "May I go, Uncle Tony?"
“Steve, I want you to go. I’d love for us to get answers. If it's me or you getting, I don’t care. But I’d give that up if it means you keeping it together. You think I’m strong, but I’m barely hanging on. If you break, I’m not sure if I’d be able to handle it.”
Relief swept through him. He hadn't sired a child. That didn't explain his urge to protect her, though.
Maybe that was the best solution, isolation. But she didn't think she could find relief in being alone. Her parents wouldn't allow it, anyway. Though, it might be the only option if she didn't learn how to control her power. She doubted love was the answer to destructive energy like hers.
Steve relaxed when he heard Tony leave. He slid to the floor. Jarvis didn't have access to the studio. It was a safe zone. The room was covered in a thin layer of dust. It had been months since he was last in here. He ran his hand over the brushes. Before going to the door. He slowly creaked open the door. The penthouse was empty. He was unused to the quiet. The stillness was unsettling.
Piper spotted Rune starting at Barny. She shook her head, signaling that it was alright. Papa came out to greet Barny.
After hours bent over the toilet, Tony got sluggishly to his feet. He braced himself against the counter. When was the last time he got this drunk? Advil had done nothing to numb his headache. The taste of vomit lingered in his mouth. How could Steve kiss him like this? He brushed the taste from his mouth.
“Its water and fireproof and shock-resistant. It automatically sets to whatever time zone you’re in. Fit well?” he asked. Steve nodded.
"It was my pleasure. There are plenty of more museums in New York. I’ll take you to them all,” said Tony.
“You're allowed to be attracted to someone, Steve. It's natural. There’s something thrilling about someone so different from yourself,” she said.
Piper took a breath, stowing away her emotions. Now wasn’t the time to show them. Not with people who clearly use them against her.
The omega slowly opened his eyes. His limbs were impossibly heavy and he could barely open his eyes. What had they dosed him with?
He followed the order. This was completely out of his routine. Interaction with anyone except his handlers was frowned upon. Yet, now, Lena was encouraging just that.
Tony sighed. He would be hearing a lot more of that in the future. He prayed she wouldn't be half as rebellious as him. Shit, he put his mother through so much when he was teen. He glanced down his baby daughter playing. It was almost impossible for him to believe she’d ever grow up. Why couldn’t she stay this way it would make things so much easier?
He was taken to a small common room. One of the walls had a one-way mirror. Steve took a breath. He’s safe no one will get the chance to hurt him. Now he was more than capable of protecting himself, but it was still a great comfort knowing he wasn’t completely alone.
“Piper, you are very special, but you aren’t the only special subject here. Compared to some here, you’re actually rather regular.”
Tony pulled up to his doctor's office. They were several people in the waiting room. They took a few seconds to stare at him before looking away. He wanted to go home. Tony took out his phone, pulling up the footage from his living room. Steve was resting in nesting couch perfectly relaxed.
Steve was aware that he didn’t have to right to ask. He needed whatever distraction their encounter could provide. He only felt a slight sting of guilt at his selfishness.
He sighed, looking over at the omega leisurely stretched out on his couch. Much rather being there than being a part of the conversation.
Everyone thought Steve was stronger one out of the couple, but that wasn't true. Despite his multitude of vices, Tony provided stability during hard times. Steve only wished he could do the same for the alpha.
Steve rubbed his temples. That was the last thing he wanted to deal with. “I don’t want to talk to them.” He couldn’t put up that public façade. Not now.
He forced open the crate Dum-E and U. They could be repaired. He cracked open another box, pulling out Thor's blanket. The edges were singed but otherwise was fine. Steve would be happy that it survived. Another box contained Mark 5. Steve damaged it their fight. He placed on his workshop table. It was in terrible shape.
The scene was perfect. The scent of distress was wiped from the sanctity of their new den. Yet something was missing. It wasn’t secure enough. He called for one of his suits. Moments later, an empty suit came flying into the room, landing outside of the entrance of their den.
"Buyers on the dark web with an interest in those parts have nothing to do with my daughter. What are you doing here, Rhodes? I know it's not to bother me with questions you already know the answer to," said Tony.
Tony didn't pry further, just glad that Steve was eating again. He sat next to him rubbing his back. When Steve was done, he pushed the tray away.
Steve flipped open his phone. He blushed, the phone’s neutral background was now a photo of him and Tony. It was of him sleeping peacefully on the alpha’s chest. In his contacts was Tony Stark’s number. He quickly snapped his phone shut.
“To see what it’s all about, but I can’t allow you to stay while the appointment is in session,” he said.
Steve whined at the intrusion. It didn't flood him with the same panic as before. He spread his legs further, hoping it would lessen some of the discomfort.
“STEVE!” Natasha ran to him. His eyes were closed but he was breathing. Bits of shrapnel of varying sizes were embedded in his abdomen. Third-degree burn covered his arms. Clint joined her.
"Try, I'll even pose nude." Steve blushed. He wouldn’t want anyone else seeing his alpha in a state of undress.
Steve jolted on the examination table when Edith took out a large needle. Tony moved in front of him, snarling savagely. Edith backed away, setting down the needle.
“Am I able to have children?” he asked. It may not be a possibility, but he wanted to know. If, by some slim chance, the opportunity arose for him to have a family, he wanted to see if he were capable.
Steve whined. He pressed his back against the wall. Closing his eyes in shame as slick leaked from between his legs. It didn't help that there was a virile aroused alpha so close.
Steve kissed the alpha goodnight. He curled up in one of the guest bedrooms. Steve tossed and turned, unable to find a comfortable position. He moved to the floor and found a restless sleep. Steve woke up in cold sweat. He searched for Tony.
Winter nodded a third time and Piper bit her lip. She didn’t know what to make of this discovery. It could be good or bad. She might lose the friendly détente they’d established; her dangerous but trusted ally. Or, his having more use of his brain could mean he'd be better able to help her,
“My job as an alpha is to protect and provide.” Steve bristled at this. Tony didn’t usually cater to, or even acknowledge typical social roles. “My
They started their climb. Halfway up there was a low rumbling thunder. Fleur’s rope snapped. A flood of snow came charging down the mountainside. Steve grabbed his shield, using it to sled to her. He grabbed her. Steve dug his ice ax in, breaking into the rock. He covered her with his body and used his shield to protect their heads. Their bodies were pressed firmly together as the snow settled on top of them. Fleur's nose was too close to his neck. Steve’s shield formed a large air pocket around them. The snow had taken on the weight of cement.
Steve sensed the tension his question caused. He set up hangman on the notepad and offered it to her.
Tony jolted from the peace of the work when the stench of bleach and burnt sugar pierced the welding mask. He quickly turned. Steve was a shade paler and shaking. His head was down his shoulders were hunched. He rushed to him, cupping Steve’s face in his hands. Tony touched their foreheads together.
Steve took the list from his pocket, so Jarvis could see it. “Jarvis, can your order these in Piper’s size.”
Steve opened his eyes slightly when Tony's pampering hands stopped moving. Was he done already? He was tempted to return the favor but lacked the confidence to follow through. He turned, kissing Tony briefly before leaving the tub. Steve quickly wrapped a towel around his waist.
“I get it, Aunt Peg," he said. Tony already felt guilty enough. He planned on making up on to his mate somehow.
“That’s what people do when they care for someone. Now go to sleep,” hushed Steve before huddling close to the alpha’s neck.
Then why would they put her in his cell? His fingers searched his neck for any signs of a claim mark, but there was nothing. The fluorescent light shut off. Winter shook his head. These thoughts weren't his to have. Whatever the pup was, instinct demanded him to protect her. He went to his corner. Hoping distance would stop the questions.
“Will Pepper approve of you replacing part of her collection with some unknown artist?” asked Rhodes.
Tony rested his weight on Steve. He took in the lustful confident expression of his omega. The alpha was dizzy from the intensity of Steve’s scent. He kissed down the omega’s chest, taking his time to memorize the form beneath him. Steve whined for him. He stared in awe at his omega, begging for his touch. With a rip, he freed Steve of his underwear. He gave a quick lick to the head of Steve’s arousal before covering the omega with his form.
Tony’s hand ran up his inner thighs. His legs parted slightly. The moment was ruined when his phone rang.
There will always be darkness in the world. Now they knew the name of one. One previously thought defeated. What was next? They were a foe worthy of Steve's aggression. One man couldn’t do it all, but Steve could make one hell of a dent in the organization.
That wasn’t the first line of questioning he was expecting. Normally, the first question someone asked when they first encountered him was how he was alive.
“I will mistakes, Piper. God, I'll make mistakes, but I promise I’ll always be there when you really need me."
"It's durable. You surviving the battle without miscarrying proves that. It has most likely taken on your healing abilities. How much so will be determined when it's born," said Bruce.
Steve groaned waking up to dry sticky mess from last night. He carefully untangled from Tony. He kissed the sleeping alpha's forehead. Jarvis had the shower ready for him. The temperature was perfect. Steve dressed and went into the kitchen. The room smelled of pine trees.
Its failure was inevitable, but she had gained valuable information on the response action. She would have to find a way to defuse the system. The walls that emerged the floor could be with effort. It was slowly any route of escape. But such defenses were likely limited to junctions. If she found a relatively straight path and avoid cross-section it could limit the encounter with such barriers.
. Lena hadn't made an appearance since then leaving him to deal with destruction. He wasn’t sure if he’d handled it right. She was missing something he didn’t know how to get back. It would help if he knew what that something was.
“What he’s got is an ACME dynamite kit. It’s gonna blow up in his face, and I’m gonna be there when it does,” said Tony. He looked forward to the moment where that annoying smirk was wiped from Loki’s expression.
Steve ran to the garage, jumping on the nearest bike. Disregarding all stoplights and barely dodging some cars, he sped to the hospital. Steve raced into the emergency room, going to the front desk.
"No, now that you've gone off and joined the super friends. I don't know what's been going on with you lately. The world is getting weird.”
“I’ll take that as my cue to leave. Steve, can you take over this?" asked Pepper. He moved in front of the holographic image of the tower.
Steve cringe hearing the alpha throwing up from the kitchen. He would give Tony his space for the moment. If he were able hungover he wouldn’t want anyone near him. That didn’t stop him from being frustrated. He wasn’t only upset with Tony, but with himself. He should have been here!
“The attention this world shows into other’s lives is odd. I don’t understand why reality TV is so popular,” said Thor.
“It’s fine, your inner omega is a bit wild. It happens. In time, it will adjust to having contact with other alphas,” said Kate.
Steve groaned this wasn’t the way he planned on meeting Tony’s best friend. Rhodes knew who he was, every person who served in the U.S military knows him. The alpha wearily found a seat, staring at him.
Steve was perfectly calm while he worked. It was Tony's constant gaze that was distracting. Everything was normal. Bruce easily drew blood and collected a skin sample.
It wasn't the first time he found Tony asleep in one of his suits. It made Steve nervous. What if Tony had a night terror in one? Having to subdue Tony when he was in the armor wouldn't be an easy task. Steve tapped on the mask.
Steve went to the bedroom, throwing his shirt into the hamper. He grabbed a fresh one from the drawer. The fabric scratched against his skin.
“You’d be surprised,” said Steve. Tony had a fantastic art collection. He spent several hours admiring the works.
Pepper stared at a six-foot perfectly muscled man that came out of the bedroom. For a brief moment, she swore he was an alpha, but the scent was an omega. His gaze was focused on the ground, clearly uncomfortable with the situation.
Pepper took a breath. They’ve had this fight a hundred times. It always ended with the same frustration. Neither of them giving any ground. But it lost most of its previous venom. Pepper hadn't come here to fight. She came here to figure out how best to handle the current predicament. The omega in question would have to sign an NDA. The sum of money in exchange for silence would vary depending on how intelligent this one was.
She jumped down from her seat, nearly running out of the room. Her chest was tight. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't breathe! Tears burned her eyes as they traveled down her cheeks. Her throat was tight. A high pitch cry left her.
Hydra was responsible for his pregnancy. Distress leaked off his skin. Natasha left them. Steve couldn't breathe. His heartbeat drummed in his ears. The monitors alerted. A troop of nurses stormed into the room.
Piper watched as Rune’s tension melted away after a few minutes. He began playing with the couple. Piper had never seen Aunt Maria and Aunt Pepper look like that. It hurt. She went to one of the many hideouts in the playground. She wanted Papa and Daddy to look at her like that again. Piper hugged herself. She tried not to cry. It just hurt.
Three of the slowest minutes of his life ticked by. He took the test from the counter. Steve took a breath before looking down. Two bold pink lines stared back at him.
"Ms. Potts also wants to come over this afternoon to discuss the announcement. Should I confirm?" asked Jarvis.
His breathing came in gasps. He clutched desperately to the carpet, trying to grasp onto something. Anything to distract from the consuming pain in his chest.
“I trust you,” said Tony. He truly did. An honor he did not give easily. Steve was the fourth person to earn that level of trust. He hoped he didn’t end up regretting it. Tony got out of the car with him, taking his hand.
“Not as many as you would think. Apparently, my scent is chemical. It has something to do with the serum. Apparently, to most, I stink of sugar and bleach. You and my neighbor seemed to be the only people who find it attractive. And not what most alphas are looking for in an omega,” said Steve.
