Mollyhoo held Sarabeth's hand as everyone got to it, not letting herself look away. "What is going on?" asked Sarabeth. "We have actually seen this before. It was sexier when I was in heat."
John swayed forward and got a little shake of the head from Lethe. "Uh, uh. I'm afraid I can't afford to take the time to fill you with happiness and peace."
Connor shook his head. If Sestre didn't recognize her, then Connor didn't want to say. He would want to call security. "I don't know." Lies on lies. Security was not his friend. He wasn't supposed to run to any security that wasn't Ms. Donovan. They might take him away like Colonel Green's men had done. Rip him away from Mummy. Put him in a cage. Hurt him and Mummy.
John groaned. Couldn't be helped. The lights were too bright and everything was too everything.
Sarabeth laughed. "He has other ways of letting us know."
He went over to them tentatively.  Familiar faces and all that. Suddenly glad that Sh'Alaack wasn't there to see yet another version of her family looking so thin and tired.
Over the loudspeaker Frankland said, "Don't you love your brother? If you loved your brother, you'd give him your wedding ring." John did love Harry, but he loved Sherlock too.
"Why did I die?" asked Sherlock, which was more to the point.
"Here goes nothing," muttered Smith, as she piloted the ship back out of the nebula before their shields failed any further.
That none of the omegas who had had sex wish Sherlock had resumed their estrus cycle was evocative. That they'd all expressed feelings of improved health. But Mollyhoo was a scientist. They had been sterilized. This was not their first winter or the first time they'd taken their lives in their hands having sex with the alphas. There was ample proof that none of them were reproductively active after Sarpedon's doctors had done their work.
"No, I… I saw them and they still love you. You will always have a place in their heart."
He was ruminating on that when John stomped into the cargo bay. "You're avoiding me again! You don't get to avoid me! We're married!"
"What's this?" asked his ever curious husband.
Minerals could be dangerous.
Khel looked at him suspiciously. "Why are you here, Human? Turn yourself in so you can be bred by our masters and leave us in peace."
Sherlock nodded silently, standing close to John.
Lucy had over ten years experience in high risk situations on a Starfleet ship of the line. She'd participated in multiple research projects involving dispersed personnel.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Time_for_Yesterday
John tried to feel the energy it would take to reassure Billy, but couldn't.
John wasn't entirely certain why he wasn't included in the category of people who should be left alone. "Maybe tell your friend how you feel and then give her some space."
"Please, Master, if I've pleased you, may I be allowed to suck your cock? Please, I love sucking your cock. Please master, may I?"
Blushing, giddy, Billy whispered, "Love you," to the communicator before getting rid of the evidence of being an adult with adult desires, and with the communicator nestled against his heart, he went to sleep.
Then since John wasn't making memories in the hallway watching Wora pine, he picked up the trailing ends of his toga before it tripped him and made his way to the holodeck.
"Get her out of here," said Killander. Two of the guards grabbed Yao's arms. She appeared to struggle, but she didn't fling them into the shelves. She didn't crack their necks as she was taken away.
(See the end of the chapter for
A red light flashed on the ceiling. Stonn tapped some controls. "That's the signal. We've set off an explosion in another part of the facility."
"I… let me think about it."
"I'm not too young," insisted Sestre. "I am precisely the age that T'Valak discovered the properties of Themium."
Grandfather sat down in the gold velvet chair that overlooked the wind capped bay below. His heart was beating a touch quickly. He glanced at Connor as he sat on the blue velvet couch opposite him. "We have had a very low rate of success convincing those we have brought here to consider having a new generation with their families. "
Sherlock said, "We should go. Together."
If he would ever be ready.
His mate's head fell to the side invitingly. Lovingly.
But that's not what she'd thought in the meadow.
He could not resist kissing the omega's cheek, when that delightful being whispered, "I hope I did get all of that." Flushing. Hoping that he had not overstepped the implications of the collar that he'd replaced around his neck. Was rewarded with a wide open smile from what surely must be his master.
"Why have you taken us?" asked John. "We are Federation citizens heading to Beta Aurigae. When we don't arrive, they'll send word for the USS Bakerstreet to search for us."
Nothing happened. Nothing went wrong.
"Oh, I don't know," said Hudson. "It's been a long time since I was young." She laughed. "I can't hear any of your thoughts." She wrinkled her nose. "So, l must be younger than fifteen. After that I was reading minds and passing thoughts with my friends." She fluffed her breasts. "Older than thirteen. I didn't grow my girls until then." She giggled. "They haven't been this perky in years."
The Eymorg and Morg occupied a fraction of the area of the facility. There was an entire level dedicated to nurseries and child birth. Mostly empty, but for a few dozen children.
Then after a long pause, he'd added, "Like a Breen helmet."
"Mommy!" said Eva.
Chin Singh envied them, but she was years away from being old enough.
"How were we supposed to interpret that question as travel back in time to save Sherlock's life?" John lifted his chin, his blue eyes wonderfully angry.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Private_Little_War
Sherlock glared.
As it was, he looked at a picture of John with a few of his mate's from his prep school, he said, "You went to a Catholic high school. You're not Catholic." He picked up the picture and examined it even more closely. "No. Based on the other individuals with you, clearly a school for students with disciplinary issues. But you've always spoken very fondly of your childhood." He began to re-examine every picture. He was quite clearly going to start tearing through drawers soon.
"Get rid of Inferiors like you. Inferior." More shoving.
"It's just the time dilation," said Veema. "You came through. Realized that it wasn't the right time, jumped back before we could stop you. Came through again, to a Conchordia Ancestrum, the last one in the far future,"
"Really?" He let scorn drip from his tone in a manner he liked to suppose poison dripped from a Feradon's fangs. "You think Mummy will give me an honest answer."
Which left them racing a dekyon storm.
"What seems to me to be very relevant is you have thus far failed to establish a timeframe for when you did or did not have Khan in custody," said Odo. The shapeshifter was sitting very straight. Very intent. Sherlock knew that expression. He'd worn it himself. There was someone who loved puzzles and that had been presented with a mysterious box. Dangerous given the circumstances. "For all you know, Khan was taken hours after he was frozen following his attack on San Francisco a century ago. There would have been plenty of Federation citizens wanting revenge. The Klingons as well for that matter. Have you looked into the historical access records? Examined patterns of behavior that were outside the norm?"
John needed to know the truth. He had to face it. If he didn't, he would leave, or break.
Mummy refused to say what the evidence of the cave where his siblings had been found indicated. An indication of their loss of trust in him.
"I requested to be continue my assignment on the Bakerstreet." She looked down at her drink. "My assignment officer took care of it right there."
His little brother, Sirok, ignored him. After Sestre had proved unfamiliar with all of the logic games that Sirok enjoyed, all the outdoors activities that the youth of Vulcan were expected to be familiar with, and he'd failed a number of cultural cues, his little brother, seven years his junior had decided he was irrelevant. Focused on telling Sestre about how his other older brother, Sakkath, had a license to operate an air car and went to the Vulcan Academy of Science.
Killander stood up. "But your Assignment Officer can give you the details." He left and a very harried looking woman came in.
Sherlock said in as low a voice as he could manage, "Please, Master, I've been so very good." Turned his hips to face John. Sliding the silk away. "Please, Master. May I be fucked by your… cock?" Moved his arms over his head, loving the feeling of the silk. "I'm all for you."
When he'd stopped shuddering, John kissed his forehead and said, "What a beautiful boy. You're magnificent." Peppered kisses to Sherlock's face. "Stunning." Lightly nibbled his left ear lobe. "Intoxicating."
Sally repeated, "I am looking. Prince Willy lost his pet over a year ago and lost his shite. You want to get him laid, so he lays off killing people and goes back to inventing ways to kill people."
John's mum, ever a saint, took John by the arm. "Let's be off to the theater. It takes me longer and longer to put on my makeup every year."
Alignment ideas."
"It's okay. I'm right here," said Lucy. She unstrapped herself, hoping that the ship was now going to be stable and knelt next to Eva. "I've got you." She brushed back her little girl's hair with its braids and yellow ribbon. "I won't let anyone hurt you."
His eyes fluttered as he swallowed, as John pulled away. Pulled him into a booth in the back. The walls and bench seats lined with lush velvet. It was so dark, Sherlock could barely discern the color. The air around them thick with John's scent captured in the small space. Outside the booth, the sound of the crowd continued. A constant conversation talking about Sherlock's presentation.
John refused to have Julian test his dexterity. He rested his head on Sherlock's shoulder. His healed hand. "Fuck it. We'll see what Starfleet does and go from there."
"Wow," said the first twin who'd spoken. Shor or Thil. Twin confusion.
A lot to unpack from that. Later. John shifted to kiss Sherlock's cheek. A gorgeous cheek bone. Lovely lips. "Yeah, well, things got better for both of us."
Sherlock was by no means ready to go. Was ready to couple with John again beneath the stars while mermaids sang melodies to them.
"I can't," said Jake. "It's orbiting between Venus and Mercury. The tea pot is both short and stout. But," he tapped Eva's nose, "there is no sugar."
"Brother." Silver kissed Artemis squeezed his shoulder.
For a moment, John's brain fritzed. He wanted to launch himself at his alpha, but there was a scenario. The play must… go on or something. "Sorry, Professor." Ever more aware of the stimulators lodged inside him. John sat down at the only empty chair.
Harry, who'd been at his shoulder throwing punches any time Normal Human kids tried to give them shite.
Until he escaped.
Sh'Alaack, who had been officially promoted as the head of Engineering, asked, "Is this a human custom?"
"That wasn't a ploy," said Lucy glumly and wouldn't say any more.
John kept looking.
Sherlock nodded silently. Watching him. "Should I remain distant while they are on the ship?"
"I am the captain," said the Prince of Incorrectly Claiming his Best Beloved's Authority, also known as Prince Sparkles. Whatever his name, he turned to look at Protector. "Are you going to let him question my authority like that?"
Mollyhoo said, "That makes four of them now. I've never seen this one before."
The creature turned in his direction. A mistake it did not survive. Sherlock jumped on its back, snapping its neck, just as an immense saber toothed cat leapt at the creature, missing both of them as the creature toppled.
There are two more chapters after this.
In a smooth motion, ringed Watson palmed a phaser from somewhere, and even as she was preparing to rush him, he shot Frankland.
Sherlock had a graph and there had been a marked decrease recently to even below pre-marital levels. He longed for John to squeeze his shoulder as he sat down for the morning briefing. To hold his hand when they were running from spear wielding aliens before jumping off a cliff to their possible demise. To steady Sherlock when they faced Sherlock's least favorite task, politicians. Diplomats. People whose words were at a complete variance from their body language creating a near constant static. Not to mention the advice from the Portrait Gallery.
But Tadpole was just a kid. Hard to focus on with the toys working John. With the scent of an alpha filling the small room. His alpha. The one he'd claimed almost a decade before. The one he'd chosen to breed him through all his heats.
"Yes, Father."
Bihr said, "I'm a servitor in the palace. Long story. I have access to a replicator and am working on a way home."
"Really." Sisko strode over to a monitor and tapped a few controls. He scrolled through a series of messages. "We've been so busy that I haven't had a chance to check… yes, Doctor Bashir was supposed to report to custody." He lifted his chin. "I can't say as I think much of an order that targets an entire population." He spread his hands wide as if lifting a large light object. "Consider yourselves in custody. I'll have Major Kira assign you quarters while I find out just what Command thinks it's doing."
He vid called Lucy, and told her his news. Said Sherlock had asked him to marry him and why. Her eyes got very wide. Very. She said, "John, I'm about to take my four year old child to meet my grandmother for the first time. Because it took this long for my cousins to arrange it."
The sense of completion.
Another shove beneath the surface to hear those words from those lips.
But at least the klaxons had stopped going off. Sherlock had not liked the red lights. Particularly when Sherlock was busily rutting to the nubile omega's demanding cries and the bed that disappeared beneath them. Leaving them to fall to the floor.
Billy came out holding Connor's hand. Gone was Connor's bright smile and confident bearing. He clung to Billy's side. Gone was the straight stance Billy had had while being Mama G. Billy said quietly, "We're going back to our quarters now."
"You go. We'll stay here," said Lucy. The Andorians nodded. "We'll let the ship know what's going on."
"Course," Fisher nodded his head pedantically, "You may notice a slight static on the materialization. There's an ion storm incoming, which will require us to boost the transmission."
"Reading our thoughts," said a Breen with white piping.
"Do you think everyone is fine?" asked Sh'Alaack. She'd had one of her techs scooped up in whatever it was the entities had done.
Because Sherlock was as certain about the exact coloration of John's irises as he was that John would not want to continue this particular activity once he knew.
Redbeard turned and slashed the tusk across Yellowbeard's arm and chest. He felt whatever that yellow stuff was dragging him down. Poison. His brother had poisoned him. He felt ill. Numb. He couldn't feel his chest. His heartbeat was very loud. Still he staggered up.
She would have responded, but Gomtuu sang in her mind. A friend. An ally. A home that was really real. A place to be the Ice Queen.
Sherlock made a grand gesture in the direction of the lift. "Doctor, a distress signal has been sent." He rocked on his toes. "Let us render aid."
There was a lead box in his stomach, but he made himself say, "Congratulations."
Melas tilted their head. "I've always preferred an Athenian chiton myself. Easier to walk in, but to each their own." Melas grinned at Wora. "Thanks for the invite for coffee, ma'am. I'd be happy to learn more about how things work on the Bakerstreet. But I'm afraid I'll be late for my shift."
She'd cried and tentatively talked about chemistry with Sherlock, who, she had to admit that alpha or not, was smarter than all of them.
John turned away. "As I keep telling you, I'm a doctor, not a pilot." Then after a look at the floor, he said, "Time runs out, we'll still have time to figure out how to upload me to wherever you are before getting Washington out." He knew his genius. "Don't think I don't know you're thinking about sacrificing yourself so I can go free. But that's not just on. Delete that plan."
John's head hurt.
The rest of the omegas were scientific crew, but they had all, in theory, taken yearly combat effectiveness training. "I'll need the rest of you to take of the engine room."
As it was, John felt silly telling Sherlock any of what was going on. It was subtle and silly.
"Fate brought us together," said Grendel. His expression was pleading. "The odds that I would make it to the sleeper ship ahead of the bombs being dropped were astronomical. So many Augment Superior didn't. I survived the cryo chambers. Many didn't. Be rescued as I was. By who I was. That you should travel forward in time. It could be nothing, but fate."
When Jovas said, "That type of tree can't grow at this altitude," Sherlock growled which earned a worried look from some of the others.
Lestrade was going to transport the Watson theater company to Aldon Prime, where the company did most of their off season rehearsals. Where Harry would be sentenced. Although, given the incoherence of her confessions in the wake of her father's death, she most likely be sent to Elba II for the treatment of the criminally insane.
He tried to ping Sherlock, but Sherlock didn't answer.
"Of course you're not going to have sparkles," said Connor, with a sniff and a toss of their hair. "Your name should be Protector, because you've got a weapon," they waved at the phaser in Protector's holster, "Anyway, I can smell you stand up here all the time and make sure people stay safe."
The holographic students were already there. They looked at John sympathetically. It was part of the scenario that the potions professor always picked on the plucky boy from Gryffindor, because Professor Holmes was resisting his desire for the boy from Gryffindor and this was the day when the master decided that he'd secretly claim what he wanted with magic.
Connor had already pulled up a tablet. His fingers were flying over the surface calling up details on Beta Aurigae. "That's funny. There's no date when it was founded. It's just… as if it were always there. Hmm…" He flicked his fingers on the screen and the monitor in their quarters updated with a map of the colony city on Beta Aurigae. "Ms. Khel says you can tell a lot about the history of a place and when it was founded and why by looking at the city planning."
Alexis would not flinch. They hadn't flinched when Danny started screaming that they were fucking their commanding officer when nothing had been farther from the truth and they hadn't flinched when Boris hit them and they hadn't flinched when… really too many to name. Alexis said, "You're as alien to me as an amoeba."
"As long as you think so," said Lestrade frowning. "So, I understand the Watsons of the Watson’s Theater are your parents."
"Hello," said Amazing. "Do you know who we are? What's going on? Where the Bakerstreet is headed?"
A small part that his mate drowned out with satisfied cries when he knotted inside his mate.
"Not! Relevant!" said Killander, growing if anything redder.
When they arrived at Earth, new orders came down. Sherlock, Yao, and Bashir were to report with Killander to a Starfleet facility in London.
She had nothing to fear from a feradon. She'd survived one before. She was an Augment Superior. She was not a child. Her ability to heal was fully mature. She'd already healed so many injuries.
John thought naming an asylum for the criminally insane Tantalus was asking for trouble, or possibly indicated someone didn't know their Greek mythology when they named it, but Harry was getting treatment and that was what mattered.
Moriarty burst out. "It's all so boring. So dull. Solids sit in their dull solid little ships can't even imagine how grand the universe is. How full of possibilities. Even my friend with all her gifts just wants to fly around in that living ship of hers listening to stars singing."
As they lay there, Sherlock's arms came around John, gripping his tightly, holding them together. Until finally letting go, blushing, looking at the ground. He said, "The afternoon is over. I have to go back. Now that I've… that I… have a specialty… they'll put me to work." His glance up was a challenge.
by burrowing into the endometrium to make way for the blastocyst, which since all Augments had some improved healing was certainly one way to invade an endometrium.
Dax sauntered up to John and put a drink in both their hands. "You need to try these China Clippers. It's a rum drink with five spice. Your life isn't complete without it."
"Ta," said John who did have a pretty good grasp on his Greek monsters thanks to his dad, who'd loved reading the original gruesome Greek myths to John and Harry when they'd been tots.
"When you tried to kill Lieutenant Bihr Sh'Alaack, who in her own words was the last one to see Kodos alive. Was your father angry given his final act as Kodos was to cry and hug her in remorse, before he killed that life? You knew him better than I did. What do you think?"
Garak put down a case. "Oh, I wouldn't be concerned. You've driven off all the competition so far and very efficiently. And once your doctor friend sees you in these new clothes, I'm certain he'll only have one thing on his mind." He opened his case. "Speaking of which, strip please. I'll need to do a final fitting." He laid out the red silk robe. "I assure you my interest is purely professional. I want to make sure you have the best fit possible."
Alexis waited for Apollo to return inside the temple. He appeared in a flash. "My love, I have admonished Dionysus to keep their revels down so as not to disturb our rest."
John did not fill in the next line. Instead, John slid Sherlock's slightly longer middle finger and the fuck finger into his mouth. Swirling his tongue around them.
He pulled Sherlock into a crawl space in the engine room. "Sherlock, I want you to think about what you want to have if you don't modify the engines."
John whispered into the darkened room. "We have to talk."
A screen flashed an identification for Hudson on the wall. "Betazoid. Psychic Scale 13. Class C."
It was times like these that Mycroft reflected it was fortunate that none of the Khans were particularly interested in these gatherings. Preferring to grow power within their own Alignment. Certain that what Mummy had told them about the Alignment's genetics issues was true and one best left up to Mummy to solve. Their wars in Earth's twenty-first century affecting their behavior as much as any ghosts of a previous Mycroft affected his own behavior. Nevertheless this had gone on long enough. "We have been aware of John Watson's location for some time."
John grew angry in a moment. At least Marymor stayed away after he almost shot her.
By the third day, she took the afternoon off to resume her Baritsu exercises. She hadn't been able to do more than slow Baritsu in years. While she no longer had the muscle mass of her twenties, Baritsu had always been less about the raw power than the flow of energy. Her body might be different, but muscle memory remained.
Bihr left her there typing. There was nothing Bihr could do to help with writing. Unlike Ishros, she had no way with words.
"Actually, I was going to say it means there's always three paths," which earned Terellhoo groans.
Mshindi Victorius, Victor, paced in front of the window planning for when they would take on the trek when they were older.
"John! Julian said you were fine! You have to be fine! Lucy is fine. An idiot with preconceived notions, but fine."
"I did not enjoy hot flashes either," said Hudson, "I was very happy to finish perimenopause. Oh, and, of course the phase. Throwing myself at every male in the vicinity was somewhat humiliating."
John read the 1973 version of:
"Ah, yes." She breathed out. "I wanted to tell you before. When I found out where you were after the Borg invasion. But Mummy made me swear not to reveal who I was." She rolled her eyes. "Mycroft suggested it might be useful if I kept a clandestine eye on you."
It was perhaps not a surprise, given so many of the DS9 staff were on Earth, when Garak showed up at the cottage in Cornwall where they were staying carrying two boxes. "Uh," said John, very intelligently, "Isn't this a long way to come for a delivery." He tried to remember if they'd ordered anything.
Mycroft, still recognizable despite the youthful softness of a teen, was speaking earnestly to some visitors in green. "Welcome to the 23rd Alignment's rooms. Please, have an algae cake and stay to discuss our possible genetic contributions."
http://memory-beta.wikia.com/wiki/Benjamin_Finney
Sherlock looked back at John and grinned.
Genotype information is information about your genetics. There are about 1.5 millions SNPs (single nucleotide polymorphisms) in your genetic code that make you (genetically speaking) you.
"It had to be shut down due to accidents. Although," the shop keeper leaned forward, "Way I hear it, there was some sorta gas in the mine that had everyone seein' monsters in the dark. They went down to the cave where this unique item was first discovered and set off an explosive charge. Lucky it didn't bring down the whole system on their heads."
The holographic stars came out. Dolphins sang a song with mermaids. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and felt happy.
"Captain Killander from Internal Affairs. He wants you to stay on the ship while he joins us. And just when I was hoping that you could have a little adventure with John."
Let it be so.
"But I have faith that you can reverse it," said John.
Of course Sherlock wasn't sure. His parents seized control over continents and ruled as despots. Waged war to gain greater power. Been ruthless in their attempts to keep their last strangled attempt to hold onto power. Their genetics shouldn't be further unleashed on the universe.
John forgot the names for the bones of his hand. He forgot the name of his throw sticks thing. He'd known it once. So much knowledge was slipping away. Sherlock said, "Obvious," but his arm wrapped around John as if to emphasize that he wouldn't let him go.
Sherlock inhaled again. His hips moving restlessly up above the water. His precious cock, somewhat smaller given Sherlock's current age, peeked pale periscope above the warm water.
It wouldn't last. She now understood the radiation – a remnant of a long past nuclear war – that had stunted the development of her cerebellum while in gestation, inhibited her ability for cognitive reasoning. She smiled at the last flickering light. All that remained of the consciousness of the most brilliant scientist of her generation, who had created of this facility to provide her people some measure of safety. She said, "I know what we need to do."
"There's Grendel. A lot younger though," said John. "Must have been taken right after the Breen popped them out of their cryo-sleep." He looked closer. "I don't see a picture of Mycroft though. Shouldn't you be here? Chin? Euros?"
"What, you still on about Khan?" said John. "Soo-Lin turned Khan into ash."
Thank you to anyone who stuck with the voyage. Who commented. Kudoed. Silently read. Also, since this'll be out there, perhaps came up on this now that this is done.
On that previous awakening, Brittanus had at least determined that Mycroft had survived. During their too brief bolt for freedom, while the certain matters had required time to proceed, they had spared time to see some distant descendant of theirs put on a play about Mycroft's and their eventual partner’s lives. No reference to Mycroft as the child of a Khan. A prince of a too brief Khanate. That fact lost to time. Those descendant’s genetic connection to Mycroft diluted to less than a percent.
Marymor screamed.
The pregnancy after Victorious had reunited them after Mummy, having cruelly brought John home and let Sherlock love him had then taken him away again, saying Sherlock that was weak and out of control and he wasn't taking good care of his John by breeding John so often and that if he wasn't stopped he'd keep doing so until John died and Mummy was doing what was best for Sherlock in the long run and Sherlock simply had to accept that.
"That's not what everyone thinks." Euros sniffed. "Your face is folding again," said Euros.
He was a doctor. He was a soldier. Was he a carrier? Or a killer? It was John who was a carrier of the killing gene.
heresy!"
Billy turned around while they were distracted. Pressed the communicator and whispered to it, "Chin, Bakerstreet has been taken. Connor and I are…"
The backwards vessel (and the power plant) was a real thing/place BTW.
What she was thinking was that it had been three days and Sherlock had no theories. It was entirely possible there was no solution.
He was looking at Billy. He hadn't even looked at Lucy. She kept her arms around Eva to keep her calm. She wanted to do something. Anything. But the best thing she could do was keep Eva calm as possible. The Ferengi thought Lucy was a child. They needed to keep thinking Lucy was a child.
Sherlock said, "But they're operating inefficiently. If I modify the…ah." He stopped talking about warp cores when John opened his flies and gave him a blow job, and started talking about what John could do with his teeth and tongue, and then stopped talking after John deep throated him.
Lieutenant Hunter came into the ready room. "Captain Holmes," her tone that slight bit more formal with the dreaded Internal Affairs on-board, "there's been several more incidents on Janus VI." Her eyes darted to Killander. "An off duty miner was killed at the refinery. At roughly the same time, Lieutenant Hebron and Crewman Stonn were eye witnesses to an attack at the colony by a silicon based lifeform fifty-six kilometers away."
He wanted more than one day to prepare.
Lurin said, "Tevak have our ship's doctor look at the juvenile in their sickbay, and you," Lurin sneered at Nom, "Remember who is the daimon here."
Instead, he went to talk to Connor, who nodded soothingly and listened to Sestre.
"Or something."
Dionysus appeared, similarly vast and transparent. They didn't appear angry. They were laughing. "I knew our children would come." Their smile was wide. A Cheshire smile. "Children always kill their parents."
Sherlock glanced back at John, who certainly seemed more alert the last day or so. John hadn't initiate more coitus, but they had shared a bunk with John each time John slept.
Since Sherlock still ached over the children he had lost after the encounter with Apollo and Dionysus, since John had changed the subject, since Sherlock had yet to find a way to ask if John wanted to choose to attempt to have children, the atmosphere had become increasingly tense.
Something inside John exploded. Not a single bead of light. Not a single firework, but the end of the finale when every firework was going off. Bliss blasting from the ends of his hair to his curling toes. Firmly knotted, John's body released egg-things so he could breed with his mate. Blearily, he thought that shouldn't be possible. Very blearily. Dimly. Vaguely.
"Karidian, what is going on?" asked Mum. "First Sholto and now that Andorian. How could anyone think you could do anything so horrible?"
He didn't need to exercise, but he'd heard it was an activity that could wear a Human body out. He loaded a set of barbells with every weight that would fit on them and lifted.
Alone.
Bihr's eyes widened. "I really can't believe I didn't document that!"
She hit him again. Fumbling to get the welding laser on her belt free.
"And what do you think?" they asked Amazing Sparkles.
Sarabeth said, "Bunch of us were political dissidents. Artists, journalists, which has been strangely useful in the past. At least for crafts. Marida made a primitive kiln for making clay pots. In the past, turns out basket weaving is actually useful, because then there are baskets. Vesha knows how to felt and I can make paints and dyes. We certainly have a lot of cat hair to turn into felt."
As Sherlock pushed pieces of bread and butter pudding around his plate, John rested his bare foot on top of Sherlock's. To let him know he was there when he was ready to respond to what John had told him about what he'd found.
"Come on," said Lucy, "The events are starting." As she explained it, the theater experience was a night at a speakeasy. They could follow various actors. Observe various events. Solve mysteries." She looked over at Sherlock, who sniffed.
John saw Hudson standing nonchalantly by the panel at the back of the room. She whispered, "I don't suppose you have anything useful under that robe."
It was in that moment, that a young feradon loomed up from its hiding place behind the rocks, its jagged tusks dripping with poison. Redbeard had lost his cutlass somewhere – pirates always had cutlasses – he couldn't remember where, but he hefted a rock. There had been a story once about someone very small facing down a creature with rocks. He was that story. He was going to be in every story and every adventure.
Sherlock looked back out the window at the Breen ship floating off their port side.
Until then, Martha let the murmur of her ship wash over her. Long into the eternal night.
Doctor Frankland himself was waiting with some Humans in guard uniforms and others in blue scrubs, and an Orion female. Her pheromones were a faint echo of burnt apples, but then John was an omega. Alphas tended to react to Orion pheromones differently, which made John was just as glad wasn't added to the joy that was this adventure.
"Eww," said Euros, which was somewhat John's sentiment, who was watching the whole thing in horrified fascination. Because Brittanus was Sherlock's Mum for fuck's sake, but they looked exactly like Sherlock and even if Noonian and Mei were Sherlock's dads, they weren't hard on the eyes or nose either.
"We will trust in fate," said Veema.
Unfortunately, room 101 wasn't empty. Kara was there. She tapped the device on her wrist, knocking John and Washington to the ground in agony. John gritted his teeth and operated the tricorder. Sherlock's body careened into her, knocking her over. Sherlock's voice on his chest said, "Remember, the green button on the bracelet will release the belts."
Sherlock returned with a pot of the soup generally left bubbling by the entry fire. He looked like he'd been rolling in the dirt and possibly shit. There were tufts of wool stuck to his arms.
A mistake in identity he blamed on his current body's inferior brain. Second Father was not Sherlock's age and there were several significant differences. Eye color. Curve of the mouth more like First Father's. Several things clicked into place. Soo-Lin Yao. Chin Singh. Singh. Noonien Singh.
"Sherlock will fix this," said John, lifting his chin. Cheeks flushed with either embarrassment at his earlier outbursts or a hot flash. He wasn't looking at Hudson.
Sherlock did not like not understanding references. Clues that didn't bring clarity without context. Simpler to state the essential truth. "I have no memory of the first nine years of my life." Sherlock added for good measure, "I don't remember you at all." He waved at her appearance. "I deduce our relationship from your phenotypic information. From your mannerisms, which you did well to conceal when you were onboard the Bakerstreet."
The captain was waiting. He said, "An amoeba with the power to channel the energy of this planet and the psychic energy of humans could do that."
"You're going to tell me the truth," said Killander.
"Question is," said Marida, "who manages John? His temper certainly hasn’t improved since he," he waved his hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
Why it was better if their beautiful wonderful brave Primus and Secundus, so tall and strong by the time they'd gone, had to go into the past.
It was all fine. Days ticked down.
John crossed his arms. He wasn't even sure why he was in this meeting. This conversation. "Forty years isn't sudden."
Sherlock was even less happy to see Vesha leading Marymor into the gallery. Into the nest.
Victor moved to look out a wide open window over a complicated garden six stories down. After a long silence, Victor said, "Frankly this palace is a bit overdone for my taste, but my brother does enjoy his sybaritic pleasures."
"Who? Oh! I see. William Sherlock Scott. Sherlock. The middle. The heart. A Sherlock would be much nicer than a William any day." She tilted her head right and left, as if scenting the air. "He's very sad right now."
This was better than talking any day.
Sherlock grimaced. He needed to deal with Marymor without scent markers. She was shaking her head and getting ready to go for the knife.
"Take us to the time and place before I die," said Sherlock.
Still, Billy had been afraid to believe.
He groggily blinked awake to see Odo standing in front of the force field controls. "What?"
From the nest, John shouted. There was a whistling sound.
Went to see Hudson to find out the size of the massive cock up and what kind of raw wankers they'd be getting.
She reminded herself that she was young again. She had an herbal soother and reminded herself that she was carefree.
John was not among them.
In between, they exchanged plans for escape using references to previous adventures.
Hudson got off of the command couch as they reached the bridge. "Something has stopped the ship. We put out a probe to see what kind of energy field we're caught in and…" the display changed. They were apparently caught in a giant green hand.
They pelted through the forest of pine and laurel trees. Above them lightning struck trees, setting them to brilliant blaze. Filling the air with eye watering black smoke. Owen tackled John from one such cloud, and would have taken him down if Sherlock hadn't flung him off. Sun Liu reached out with wide spread fingers, scratching John's skin, but was unable to hold him.
"I should go back to examining the wreckage," said Sherlock after he finished cleaning his plate.
None of the remains had the SNPs from the study. Particularly, not Khan Brittanus'.
Stumbled into Freddy Washington in one of the corridors talking to one of the kids. Telling him a highly edited version of their first mission. Showing the kid pictures of his daughter, Eva.
A yellow alert came on.
"They are free to move around the dome," said Sh'Alaack.
It was as well as could be expected.
"I repeat, fucking pump in your fucking quarters," said Donovan.
The daimon said, "I was paid to destroy a shuttlepod and ensure everyone on it was dead. A contract I would have fulfilled. Instead I found that this lovely gently used Starfleet vessel had already destroyed the shuttlepod and faked everyone's deaths. Now while my contract did specify that I should ensure a Betazed and a Human Omega of your general descriptions were dead, I wouldn't want to presume that any of you are necessarily those individuals. That would be presumptuous. After all I'm not being paid to murder every elderly Betazed and blond Omega I come across."
Chin reached into the padded front of her vest and pulled out the stone marker that she'd carried all this way. It was supposed to be carved with her own name to be added to the chapel in the Breen's temple of ancestors. Chin was one generation away from an experiment three centuries old.
"I'll follow where you lead, Your Majesty. Just keep it in mind that kind of behavior does no one any good." They went to the most antiseptic bedroom it had been John's privilege to see and he'd spent his mid-teens in a Catholic school dorm. He finished the story. He sang the songs. Repeated a few so Euros could join in. Sat there listening to Euros after that, who clearly was feeling an Elsa connection and wished she could build a snowman with her siblings, who she was not allowed to play with. Interspersed with comments about the thoughts of the Augments walking around the building around them. "Babies. It's all they think about here. Making them."
"We can smell them," said Billy. He wanted to race ahead of Soo-Lin, but she put her hand on his shoulder. "It's probably best if I go first. We don't know what we'll find."
She had considered it.
Sherlock spoke to John through the com attached to his body's chest, while thinking about the need for touch. The need to touch.
(See the end of the chapter for
John laughed. "Adults can be like that. You'll see." Then remembered what was ahead for her.
Sherlock told himself that the war wouldn't last very long as they kissed.
A flush crept up her cheeks. "You know."
He felt as if he didn’t let out a breath until he saw John again. Wondered if John could forgive him for abandoning their children.
John said, "Sherlock," he turned Sherlock to face him. His dear life weathered face above him. "You're…" he breathed in deeply, "an omega."
"But you said that you can send us to any place. Any time!" said John. "That's what you said!" John's shoulders were back. His head high. He was talking with his see-it-through tone. The tone of voice that made Sherlock want to wrap himself around John and simultaneously be enfolded by him.
Nom sneered. "Rule 286. When there is no rule, make up a rule, and I say the rule of acquisition is there are no profits if your product kills you."
He glared, because she could not be this dense. "The one with the best access to observe Doctor Watson's parents, who are staying in his room."
"So, I've seen. But unless he's actively telepathic," Benjamin paused, "he's not is he? Because sometimes it's hard to tell. Never mind. It doesn't matter." He picked up his cup and took a sip. "It sounds as if you need to tell him."
John had his own question, "Chin, why did you come onboard the Bakerstreet? It wasn't to kill Khan. He'd been free for… forty years before you showed up."
Mollyhoo's forehead wrinkled. "Omegas are the guardians of the genome. We're the ones who decide if an alpha should be allowed to breed. It's only in the last century that alphas have been advocated for more freedoms. Matriarchs deciding who breeds and shouldn't. Not that Sarpeidon didn't up-end the entire gender order by sending us here." She brushed the end of a braid against her lips.
She snorted. Then paused. Asked the question. "How bad is it?"
Anonymized of course.
Distantly, John could see that Billy was terrified. John's hand felt infinitely far away as he laid it on Billy's shoulder. "It'll be fine." He didn't know that. It probably wouldn't be. How could anything be fine ever again? He should say something. "Don't worry. This is not the twenty-first century."
"Here," said Sherlock quite softly. Generally, Sherlock enjoyed scanning John, but this time he didn't seem to enjoy it very much. Sherlock handed the tricorder back to John. "You match the pattern of your last transport, as expected. Do you remember what happened?" They'd discussed the possibility that there might be some memory loss as a result of changes in brain mass and development.
Ishros, her sweet Ishros, rose from a shadow to say, "Of course. Do you doubt the heroic soul whose thunderous will toppled the Khanate stronghold in London? She is the reason that the Khan himself retreated to his floating palace to cower in fear."
Worst yet that Sherlock had to go to his own quarters from time to time to make it appear as if someone was staying in them. A muttered suggestion from Bashir.
There was a tall alpha Human next to Stonn with the same aromatic scent she associated with Captain Holmes. His clothing was as colorful as the room was gaudy with heavily embroidered robes, an ornate gold sash and red slippers that curled up at the toes.
"Because society restricts them," said Sarabeth.
"Of course, it's not your fault," said John not looking around the room. Not focused on anything but the child needing comfort. "Although, other species aren't so bad." John slid his pack off and rummaged around for the packet of dried fruit at the bottom. "I know a Betazed, who can read minds like anything." He lowered his voice. "She likes to pretend that she's just a little old lady, but really she's one of the most dangerous people I know. She used to be a spy and everything." He ate some dried cherries and held the packet out to Euros.
Sherlock dressed in black. It suited his mood. If not entirely appropriate for blending into brightly lit rooms. Still, he avoided the single guard easily. The lock on the room where John was being held was trivial to hack.
"Not yet. Perhaps," his heart pounding at his daring, he said, "you should try a larger one."
The Klingon turned the device in his massive hands. "What is your lover's planet?"
He really had to wonder just how many additional siblings his parents had failed to mention.
"News about John. Attack on Camus. Attack here," said Sherlock wanting to move. To shift this body away from Moriarty's fingers combing through his hair. Not his hair. Wilke's hair. He managed to shift his foot. A centimeter. Not far at all. Twist it into a painful angle.
Even more of an ache was the thought that if he didn't remember her, how had Sherlock known to go back in time to save her life.
John pressed his legs together at the wetness between his thighs.
Standing on the other side the communications equipment, Hunter pumped a fist. "I reached the Bakerstreet, Hudson and the others have already retaken it. Hudson has gone over to the smaller Klingon ship with a bottle of Lethe oil." She listened to the com. "What was that again? Oh." She blew out a breath. "Long range sensors have spotted incoming ships. Lucy's not able to ID them. And um, Captain. Doctor Watson has gone over to the larger ship armed with a bottle of Ceti Sexus Pollinis."
"Good!" said Korg. "Let the discussion of broken family honor stay in the family. Nothing to do with us."
"Perhaps I forgot to mention it because of the brain damage received from our sister. What exactly did she do to me again? I can't quite recall." Sherlock rapped his knuckles on the side of his head.
As if Lurin intended to do the digging himself.
It also meant massive numbers of promotions and reshuffling to put experienced officers in command of all those shiny new Ensigns. Starfleet Command had tapped the merchant marine. Raided planetary defense corps. Lestrade flipped through his list of commanders and found he had one captain, whose last command had been a search and rescue craft. In all fairness, the Constitution class ship she'd be commanding had been pulled from the Academy training vessels.
At first, Sherlock wasn't even sure that they were going in the right direction. The ground had been utterly trampled by the teens on their run. Thinking about those children, about the few moments he'd spent with Victor, with himself, he turned away from the Sunrise road and towards the ice canyons, which was the more direct route to the Valley of the Ancestors.
They were greeted in the docking bay by Sisko, who had opted for whatever reason to shave his head and grow a goatee since last they'd been on station. "Welcome back to DS9! You'll have to forgive the dust. We've just retaken the station."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enheduanna
Filled with overlapping praise.
They crept by the Romulan warbirds on impulse, but they weren't fired on. "They don't see us," said Hunter.
He wanted John yelling at him and grinning as they rigged an explosive device to kill an incorporeal creature that consumed the electrical impulses in the Human – and other species – bodies.
There were so many times over the years Mycroft had come close to saying something and yet had held silent.
"Say what you have to say. You've sighed five times since you arrived in the room."
As suddenly as his rage had come, it blew off his paltry stage. Signifying nothing.
A little something on humpbacks and ST:tVH
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Soliton_wave
"It would appear it's what happens when you anger someone considering themselves the god of madness and wine," said Sherlock, rubbing the side of his cheek. His scent smelling divine as sunshine. Honey drizzled flowers. Nectar. Ambrosia. Desire.
"What do you think we should do with them? We can't exactly have all of them." John smiled weakly. "They'd out-number the crew two to one."
She pointed at the icy cave in front of them. "This is my palace." He could see it. The blue spiraling ice staircase and the magnificent ice tapestries. Yellowbeard wished he had a palace as grand as his sister's, but no. Visiting her palace was better. Still, her palace was very cold.
John didn't repeat the statistics for successful childbirth among Augments. Most Augments knew them. John asked, "Will you want to put in for a transfer to a starbase?"
Provided, she looked through the curving windows at children playing some sort of game with flags, a child didn't look at it too closely.
Sherlock did not need a hologram to tell him the obvious. He'd been there through the surgery. He was also well aware of the required dexterity levels for Starfleet doctors.
"He already knows." John shrugged. "He knows everything just by looking at a person."
Meiying wore an impossible intricate silver ring on the hand that was plucking at the flies of what must be Sherlock's Mum's trousers.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Onofre_Nuclear_Generating_Station
In her day dreams, both she and Sherlock were minor cogs away while Victor gripped the burden of rule with both hands.
"Oh, dear," said Martha. She sent him the logs anyway and then asked in her most comfortable sweater tone of voice. "I don't get to hear about the old office as much as I used to. Is Tom Veaker still in charge of area seven assignments?"
Redbeard followed the tracks deep into the icy narrow ice canyon.
Sh'Alaack said, "Shor. Thil. Don't say that kind of thing."
"Because it's apocryphal!" said Veema widening their eyes meaningfully with a glance at John.
A Ferengi with a daimon's insignia pushed his way into the room and smiled. "Excellent. As the 110 Rule of Acquisition states, 'Use the children of your employees as leverage.' And since everyone on this ship is now in my indenture in exchange for not being spaced, you are all my employees." He sniffed the air. "There's even an adult omega. There's an excellent market for indentured omegas. I smell profit."
This certainly isn’t why I wrote John’s academy experience as I did. But when I reached this scene, having planned for this sort of thing to occur, it was one of those writing moments where the character said, "Hold my beer, the conversation would go like this."
Eva darted around the table and pushed Thil. "Quiet, Thil!"
"Mollyhoo," said Vesha. "I don't see why it's a problem. You said that we experiencing… I can't pronounce it, but false pregnancy symptoms."
They came out into another lab. This one fully looted, but with a wide open door. Three doors down from that was Lucy's lab. The computer equipment had been looted, but the bio samples in the cabinet marked "Warning: Danger, exposure without proper lab equipment may result in death or cellular decompression," had been left alone. Lucy didn't seem to be phased by the sign. She hopped on a short stool and pulled down three bottles seemingly at random from the shelves.
(See the end of the chapter for
He knew he'd have that conversation before he talked to Sherlock.
Sherlock answered by nuzzling his head against John's thigh. Sighing as John latched a leash in the collar and tugged him in the direction of the massive red silk bed on the other side of the room.
Risan beaches varied in type and scope. Was he expected to snorkel in the reefs off the Paradise Cove? Examine particulates in the green sand beach made of ground up jade. Neither of which had anything to do with coitus.
If John was not going to remove his hand, Sherlock would have to remove his arm from under it. He turned away, but that did not move John's scent. The tingling feeling that remained from where John had touched him. "I will not share coitus while you are this age."
John did have to keep his mum from asking Billy a thousand questions about their ancestress, Anthea.
Supersmart went into the ready room and looked around. There was not much personal information to be had. There was a desk at one of the room by a faux fireplace and a bearskin rug. Some aromatic herbs in a curling slipper. By the wide window was a long table surrounded by comfortable chairs. The scents of the personnel on the bridge – with a few exceptions – were present in the room. They had all sat in these chairs. Even, he noted with delight, himself. Although, his scent was strongest by the desk. No doubt placed there by his love to give him a space to be near while his love worked. He said, "I can detect the scents of everyone but two individuals in the ready room. Connor, who presumably is not in the bridge staff," Connor giggled, "and the self proclaimed captain."
Harry said, "Don't fuck with my childhood!" She slammed Lethe's head against the wall again. "Memories. Gender. Orientation. Just,"
The computer informed Sherlock that John was in their quarters.
"Although your mother and your siblings have grown unfamiliar to you through lack of proximity, this will give you an opportunity to become known to them."
Held Sherlock through the night. Nuzzled his mate's neck. By atavistic impulse unable to get enough of his deepening scent. Touching his belly. Although, Sherlock was still the octopus in the relationship.
From far away, he heard, "Step away from the cryo chambers." He looked down to see some dozen Starfleet personnel pointing phasers at them. Odo was standing several feet back, holding a phaser on Yao.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Rybo-viroxic-nucleic
Happy to be alive. Happy to be in love. Happy to be in this moment.
There was a difference.
The crewman didn't have any weapons, but he did have a belt. John tied him up with it and jammed a sock in his mouth while he was at it. Between them, they shoved him in the toilet and closed the door. It wouldn't hold anyone for more than a moment, but sometimes that was all it took.
John guided Sherlock's body onto the X and stepped on it with Washington.
Instead, she waited and hoped to see someone she very much missed.
There were rumbling sounds every now and then as the miners detonated charges to push deeper into Janus. Time or two they were closer than he'd like, but Jo wasn't going to get edgy. He knew the sound rock made when a charge was good.
Dad, as always, came alive on the stage. A brutal murderer growing colder and more dead inside with each death. Nothing like his father.
Marymor slumped to the ground breathing wet. Blood on her lips.
It told him how long John would be away.
"No, of course not." Mycroft smiled like Sherlock was a silly child. "Billy is merely a grandchild of an original Augment. You are fortunate, for the sake of your picayune arrangements on the Bakerstreet, that I didn't tell his grandfather about him after Billy approached me on DS9. Not that it wouldn't be an improvement on Billy's current opportunities. And with a child too."
"Yeah, yeah," said Karak. "We've all heard the parable. And then they had no descendants to wonder why they hadn't taken the opportunities fate sent them."
Eva whispered, "I wish Connor were here."
There was a beep of Killander's com. "That's probably him right now," said Bashir.
John wasn't going to spoil Sherlock's fantasy by telling him his actual age was there to see for anyone who looked him in the eyes.
Pavan pinched their nose. "Try to reach the conclusion before we die of old age."
She was absolutely determined.
A massive creature with long serrated fangs reared up over a humanoid on the ground holding up a pitiful little spear.
Being openly in a relationship. Being married and in love. Not having to hide what they were doing, well, beyond the privacy shields, because there was such a thing as too much information.
"Who?" asked Sherlock. The possibilities were too varied to predict.
"You have a name now," said Connor, who nuzzled their head against their mother's hip. "We can call you Mama."
He raced across the room and scaled the ladder to the array controls. There was the sound of more scuffling below him.
They'd both put on gold rings for their Gender Reveal party. They'd played the same roles on stage. Switching out for each other. When they weren't doing children's versions of Shakespearean twin confusion. Real twins. Not just two eggs, but a single egg splitting into multiples as a result of the treatments mum had gotten to be able to have them.
Plus his cock hurt. His cock had never hurt before after heat before. Now it was sore and he was weirdly tired as if he'd spent two days energetically doing his level best to fuck Sherlock full of babies without the benefit of Sherlock's little fast cruisers doing their level best to heal him up.
For their honeymoon, they set off in on their next five year mission.
"At the same time as Ish, I doubt it." She looked down. "Was our daughter well?"
Sherlock's eyes widened. "Ah."
Alignment in their semi-isolation. Part of the Confederacy and yet not. Chasing after veils. Then again, taken at face value the song was simply about the persistence of mitochondrial and Y-chromosomes DNA.
The omega climbed to their feet and looked in a box on the table. "That would certainly match what's in here."
Sherlock blinked. Exposed. Fragile. Vulnerable. Bare. John moved to fill the bare spot, an arm sliding around his waist. Firm. His ever fixed point. His body blazing with warmth through the wool. Smelling wonderfully of John and grape seed oil.
Lestrade asked, "Is there a particular reason you're concerned about Ambassador Sirok's safety."
"You too." John hugged his Mother. Her scent surrounding him. Comforting him as sense memory took him back to childhood.
The largest Horta hissed, but stopped moving as the man picked up another egg.
He opened his eyes and said, "Let us begin."
Mycroft got up and dull and boring things, and it didn't matter. John was smiling at him. It didn't even matter when Garak sat down next to Mycroft, and Sherlock was not looking in that direction.
He told himself that it would all be fine.
John waved his wand, Sherlock's body hot at his back. Wonderful. Lovely. The scenario called for Sherlock to be on the other side of the room. Not bending close and breathing John's scent.
John sat in the front row of the dimly lit room wearing a silk bespoke suit that indicated that he was a merchant in exotic goods. He was sitting as if bored. Almost asleep.
"You fornicating slut!" declaimed Owen waving his hands around. "Whore! Wench! A stainful shame on the Tregennis name! How I will face your grandmother with the dishonor of knowing her grandson is nothing but a shameless fornicating hussy." There was a great deal of hand waving from Owen.
The alpha was strong. The reason he'd managed to dominate such a large group of alphas. He ducked another blow from the lead alpha, just as a club struck him in his back.
John was sitting in a cup shaped chair on a white sand beach when Sherlock came into the holodeck. John swallowed. "You didn't wear a robe."
"Not really time for this discussion. We were brought here with a friend and some enemies. I'd like my friend back. You can keep the enemies. Betazed. Mid-sixties. Commander Martha Hudson. May already be charming her way to escape."
She still holding the spanner when he left the nacelle.
Donovan, Bihr admired her nerve, replied, "Fuck you," which demonstrated far more calm that Bihr felt.
Bashir said, "There are disintegrated Human remains in at least four of the chambers I've searched."
He told himself it was reasonable after space that the apartment, the planet, had the qualitative feeling of smallness, because space was vast.
Lucy was not going to be intimidated by Sherlock. She'd known him for years. They'd worked together on countless projects. As she came into Transporter Room Forest, Sherlock said, "Aren't you going to irrationally request the filtration units be turned on full?"
Sherlock scented John before he saw him. Willed him to go away. To stay safe. But he wouldn't be John if he did.
"Yeah." John kissed one of those sharp cheeks. Like and completely unlike Brittanus' cold profile. "Try to fix one thing and unravel the whole mess."
Eagerly snapped up. "Ragged snapfuck came to my opening night. The night I was starring.
"Oh, that's the card you want to play." Typical, Harry, she jerked her hands away. "The scene. Loving brother in the triumph of his life talks to fuck up twin."
The world felt small in his mother's apartment. He knew that logically this was not correct. It was larger than his quarters on the Bakerstreet.
"Yeah, I know. It's… forget it. I mean, I'm not wrong. It's been a few years since we looked at it, but based on my research," and experience, "it was a pretty effective way to deliver magic healing um…" he looked at the open door, "stuff."
He wanted to go to his quarters immediately and get rid of all the sex toys and Sherlock's latest experiments. All of it. Lock the bottom drawer of the desk in his office.
She had made plans to return immediately.
For the fun of it, she got up and kicked as high as her head. Something she hadn't been able to do in years. What did it matter that she couldn't hear anyone's thought's.
But in heat, she forgot she was Human, and she was Human. Made for flying in space and charting the stars. Made to think.
Actually, he had quite a few questions come to think of it.
"No, they really weren't," said Billy very firmly. "People seemed to think that because they were one of the Khans, they had to be an alpha, but according to Mum, more than half of the reason Brittanus was so pissed off when they came to power, was because of what they went through during their juvenile heat, um…" he waved vaguely, "I mean, the British Augments were all still teenagers when they took over England. I saw Mum's pictures of grandfather. He was younger than I am now. Actually, I don't think any of the Khans were all that old."
Garak picked up a cloth tape measure.
They were silently moving in the direction of Finney's quarters.
Eventually, Owen took the branch from her, while she shuddered at the frailty of being Human and a little bit more.
As if to round out his musings on the subject, Jacqui said quietly, "It's routed into all the central processes of the facility. Theoretically, there's only one room where there are emitters, but I swear sometimes… never mind. The only way to get rid of it would be to destroy the place." She muttered half under her breath. "An idea that I still think has merit."
They shook their heads, eyes growing wider. She could see Sh'Alaack listening to Harry. Harry kept going. "Well, I'm your evil fairy godmother. I was supposed to give you gifts when you were born so you'd know how to get your revenge me when the time was right, but it's not too late. I'm going to start giving you gifts now. So you'll be ready."
He came. His blood rushing in his ears. The omega coming as well with a shout. They swayed against each other.
Went to talk to Billy about Yao.
John was getting tired of waking up groggy and dry mouthed. He blinked at the pounding in his head. The restraints around his feet and hands weren't great either. For that matter the queasy realization that he was wearing a linen toga. He hadn't been wearing a toga when he'd been knocked out.
"Which is not necessarily related to what we're discussing," said Sisko. "It's a slippery slope when we begin to question every citizen's right to privacy in the interests of the public good. Especially when society always finds a way to target," his smile was fierce, "vulnerable populations first."
Alignment," said Veema, glaring at the red Been.
(See the end of the chapter for
The alpha made a break for it sprinting impossibly fast towards the door.
"He mentioned that we would begin the research into the specific genetics that cause the trait once this is dealt with." Sherlock glared at the transporter controls. "I should have added better compression algorithms years ago. It is fortunate that you used the other transporter room to go to the ships, or the memory of beaming you onto the Bakerstreet would have been lost."
"Marida!" said Mollyhoo. She hugged Vesha, who cried cry in quick, sharp, sobs like needles. "I go out by myself alone all the time. He's doing what we all are. Trying to get us ready for winter."
Inside the villa were some equally interesting wall murals. Goat legged satyrs with immense cocks fucking dryads still half merged with their trees. Zeus in the form of a swan getting it on with a delighted looking Leda. A manticore buggering a yowling sphinx and the like.
Not that they spoke much to each other. They'd maintained a polite distance after Euros had proved such a… disastrous attempt to meet the other Alignment's requests for certain additions to the genome. But relations between the Khans had eased now that their new ally gave them a renewed focus on their long term project. Mycroft was no longer reduced to shuttling messages between the lot of them.
The noise got louder.
They lubed up the next largest dildo. Pressed it gently, skillfully inside him.
Billy was pressed back, thinking gratefully that they hadn't even thought to hurt Connor yet. Also, he couldn't help thinking about something Hudson had said. "When people question you, they give information away." They wanted to know about Chin's connection to the Breen.
https://vinepair.com/wine-blog/chicha-and-masato-ancient-peruvian-spit-drinks/
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Fine."
He did his best to maintain Sherlock's body, but even with the stasis device, it was getting weaker.
Now at four weeks, his uterus was covered in parasites the size of poppy seeds. Poppy seeds releasing hormones for his body to not attack them as invaders. To make a place for them as his uterus expanded to the size of a cantaloupe. John already couldn't button his jeans. His mammary tissue was filling out as well. Sherlock's bite marks on his neck had flushed bright red letting anyone who knew what it meant what was going on. All said and done, he was glad to have a robe.
In that darkened space with someone that he considered a friend, John admitted, "My father died a few weeks ago. Was killed. Was guilty of some… pretty bad things."
Killander sneered, "Your day is over. Some of us haven't been so put out to pasture that they don't notice treason occurring under their very noses."
Finally, Sh'Alaack said, "The strangest thing about losing my memories was how good it felt. Stonn and Tregennis work up worried, and I felt good. Free. I had something in my hand telling me what I do. Every new discovery was a revelation that filled me with joy. A new challenge to face."
at age seven. He'd been to parallel Roman Earth. He knew there was more to it than wrapping a sheet around him. Although, Mr. Garak's set of instructions for the care and wear for any of his bespoke garments were not normally this lengthy.
"Please, my little brother idolizes me. Has always been willing to do whatever I asked. Play whatever game I wanted. I'll admit I had to punish him time to time. Like the time he ignored me in favor of that pet sehlat of his." His eyes twinkled. His lips were bright red in his dark beard gilded with gold. "Or perhaps it went differently in your universe. "Pity Chin Singh tried to tell him I'd lamed his pet. Does he think he killed Chin Singh in your universe too? Broke her neck in so dramatic a fashion."
Killander turned. "Why did you do it? He was your own kind."
At set intervals were twenty-three doors all around the room.
Pavan said, "My Alignment," the was emphasized as they looked around the room, "believes that Sarpeidon," they spat on the floor, "succeeded in causing a temporal distortion, but not on the planetary level." They brought up a map. There were two location pinpointed. "These cave paintings were drawn in cave systems fifty miles apart."
She'd been given a commendation and an extended leave of absence from field work that had her ending up at the academy where she'd briefly considered recruiting dear Sherlock – with his many capabilities – or John – with his excellent aim and theatrical background – but really it was better this way. Inevitably John would have lost his temper and Sherlock, well, he'd have ended up in a lab as the subject of experimentation.
If he could manage that conversation, he could certainly manage to talk to Sherlock.
Certainly, that gentle tone of she'd taken as she'd pointed all the things he didn't know about Chin Singh had been more than kind. Although, when he'd asked if she thought he should stay away, her smile had been wicked and she'd said, "That was never my choice when a lover came calling," and she'd winked at him, which only made him blush and her laugh.
Some nights John didn't. A delicious pleasure when John rode Sherlock's cock long past when second sleep should have begun. A delight when Sherlock crouched between John's thighs and demonstrated his love with hands and lips and all of him. Always all of himself.
Although, John has a few more hormones going on than normal.
"You're supposed to monitor both sides of the perimeter at all times." She angrily slapped the control that she damn well knew should show her the external monitors. Most of it was dull as fuck. But the north east quadrant was littered with bodies. None of whom were wearing breathers or face masks.
John cured the colony using medicine and long hours. In a way that didn't turn Sherlock into nothing more than a magic pig with magic ribs.
"And then," Thil swooped his left hand currently representing the Bakerstreet, "Captain Holmes will reverse the polarity on the engines. His left hand then made what must be a devastating attack on his right hand, because he made exploding noises and wiggled the fingers.
He didn't quite understand the content of the thread, as often happened. Either John had the gene for juvenile heat, which given everyone in the future seemed to know everything about their genes, he should know and he should stay as isolated as possible, or he didn't and there wasn't a problem.
Then froze.
Sherlock laughed and laughed. It was Sherlock's birthday. A swelling knot and a flower strewn meadow.
Sun Liu wasn't a child. She was well past her doctoral defense. She'd gone into heat once in her twenties and that had been enough. A quiet career at university and then the wondrous opportunity to explore the stars. To be at the cutting edge of her field. It had come with dangers, but polywater had brought out the painter in her. She and Owen had spent hours making clouds and forests. Sex Pollen had resulted in heavy giggling over cracks in a wall with Khatri. Nothing worse than late night study sessions and a medicinal in her under graduate years.
The day they got the signal from Sherlock's boosted tricorder, Hudson leaned against the door. "Honorable sirs, if I'm not intruding, the answer is probably that Nom never took John to get his medicine. His father was able to help him a little, but if you want him healthy, you should take John to sickbay."
Takes a deep breathe. A moment. Final chapter of the final story.
Holding Sherlock through a pale eyed glare at the wall. Through the silence of the first loss of possibility. Sherlock had taken a tricorder reading of himself during the day. Of thirteen cellular possibilities, three had managed to attach. A triple chance and there it was. He whispered, "We should have upped the dose. I could have taken…" silence, "or an injection of…" silence.
He'd already assigned William his pirate name. Yellowbeard.
Admittedly, it's not a true panopticon, because the prisoners can see each other in the colony.
Grandfather said gently, "We first generation cannot produce children easily and even then, mechanical assistance was necessary." He looked away.
The essential truth. "Because I want to understand."
Ringed Watson pushed ringless Watson aside. "Don't listen to him. That's Harry."
He'd been willing to kill for Sherlock. They'd been exclusive for several years. Was willing to limp his way into a desk job. It was just the first time he'd put it into words in his own head.
The omegas said the obvious. That winter and their heats were coming. As if the snow on the sharp mountain peaks around the valley didn't say that.
"Boil the bones too for the calcium," said John. He tapped his forehead at Mollyhoo's look. "Ta. I'm a doctor while Sherlock just knows too much about everything."
Lestrade congratulated him for eliciting so many details. "I'm sure the counselors will find a way to use that in her treatment."
She put her hands behind her back. "Father, all you care about is how I can walk around in minds. You think about it all the time. I know Mummy made me from you and them and aliens, but I'm not an alien. I'm not creepy. It's not my fault the others didn't make it or that they… did things and had to be… please stop thinking about it. It's not my fault." Her eyes were hot. Wild. Her cheeks flushed.
"Again, not without a possible benefit," said Noonian. "What is your alignment? I do not see any insignia on your clothing."
Mr. Stonn told them about the engineering necessary to maintain the facility. His mummy hadn't come back yet.
It led them straight down into the bowels of the facility. A dark and dry space that was most certainly not an entry into the asylum.
"Emergency hologram off," screamed Wilkes. Julian winked out of view. He watched himself pace.
"Now the key to Jamaharon," said John, "as I learned on a training cruise in my third year, is to maintain eye contact. Whatever we do, we do it looking at each other. Okay."
They'd been following the warp signature for two hours when they were hailed by a Breen ship.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Who_Mourns_for_Adonais%3F_(episode)
"You should tell him what you've told me," was not what he expected to hear.
There hadn't been much mystery about what he'd done. Even if he hadn't killed Victorious, his brother had filled in the horrible details when he'd freed him. Mummy at least had spared him that. But not who had saved him. Perhaps didn't know. Didn't care that Sherlock needed to know why a stranger would want to save him.
"I thought you said we might have been boarded by Romulans."
He was thinking so furiously, he only noticed as John laid a hand on his shoulder, and said, "As I just said, are you seeking Jamaharon?" There were indications that he had been speaking for some time.
When the Bakersteet had gone back in time, she'd spent the entire time just holding Eva. Telling her baby that no one was ever going to hurt her. That they were not going to settle on Earth. If she had to fly to Vulcan in a commandeered shuttlepod, she'd have done it.
Still that night, she read the bedtime story to her children. It was Thil's night to pick. So inevitably, he picked Aidalas the Constant. There was a certain warm comfort in a story of revenge and honor sent by a woman with whom Bihr had made a separate peace.
She tried to decide what it meant that he was using a middle name as his given name. What did the choice of the patronymic Holmes mean? What did his choice of a life in Starfleet signify? What did any of it mean?
He remembered talking with her after the argument he'd just been remembering. How she'd hesitantly questioned her own decision.
Split apart.
John gestured palm down. Connor's sobs subsided. He looked exhausted. As he slumped to one side, Hudson said. "Billy, I'll watch him. You take the other bunk with John."
"And so we go." Julian turned the face informed by code towards Sherlock. "We love. Are loved. And remember." He laughed. "When Moriarty isn't interfering with us."
He'd been like that when he and John had been involved too. Part of what had been so creepy beyond how uncomfortable he'd been with John during sex. John shrugged. "They were both Augments. He doesn't talk about them much. Harry and I did one of those DNA sequencer things back when we were in our early teens to figure out which Khanates our ancestors came from and, of course, there's the one we get from Starfleet."
"And yet you'd betray him to save yourself some discomfort."
Euros blinked away frost from her eyelashes and was sorry to see it go.
"Well, there are those omegas with early onset estrus, which affects," started Mollyhoo.
"Okay, as the sacred keeper of the pool," said Killian, "I'll pick next. I have a good feeling about the next mission. Maiwand. Sounds like a winner." He looked at Hunter and Julian who picked as a couple, "Next."
Ceti III had been the next stop made by the Enterprise after it delivered its supplies to Taurus IV. It was possible that was what had drawn Sholto's attention to Karidian Watson in the first place.
Eva's face crumpled. "We have to do something. Connor, we can't let that poor mommy lose her babies."
John peered out the cracked view screen. Snow flurried past the window. "I see why they abandoned it."
John blurted. "Breen are Augments, but this makes no sense. She mentioned silver rings. That's not even a point of evolution. It's a cultural thing. An Earth Human Augment cultural thing. A twenty-first century cultural thing."
Sherlock's face shifted into the lost puppy of confusion look that John was not going to give into. "But you are a medical professional. A doctor with years of experience practicing medicine in high pressure scenarios. You've faced danger numerous times saving millions if not billions of lives in the process."
Actually, that was from over the waves.
"I found out..." John was going to see this through, "I don't know if you've ever heard of it. I never had, but he was the commander at a colony where there was some sort of fungal plague that destroyed all their food. They were out of supplies so he..." John looked down at his cup, breathed in heat and spice, "he executed half the colony so there'd be enough supplies for the rest of... I don't understand how anyone could do that. My father. And I never even saw it. Sherlock saw it. He warned me. He tried to tell me. How could I not see it? And my sister, my twin, she was killing people to cover it up. Shot our father by accident. Maybe if I'd been there, I could have stopped it. Sherlock doesn't think so, but maybe if I'd gone home more, or never left, I could have kept her from falling into... the dark."
"There was no guarantee that he would return. Only hope. And we've already gained what there is to gain," said Mummy. They looked around them at the white gleaming medical room. "We were rescued and given a place to grow." They recaptured Sherlock's hand for a brief touch. The oils from their hand should not comfort Sherlock, but biology was biology. "We have had our child return to us from the past."
Sherlock said quickly, "You haven't looked down far enough. The Bakerstreet is being deployed to the Second Fleet. We would both be under the command of Admiral Lestrade."
"We've got time. Connor's eleven and a half, right?" Billy nodded quietly. "I start the research now. I do a larger study with a larger pool of people. Make sure I'm narrowing in on the right bit of our genes. Look at treatments. You have my promise. I'm going to put all I've got into this to make sure Connor doesn't go through this. Yeah?"
"Mates." More blank looks. John did not know why they didn't understand something so simple. He tried a different question. "Why me? Ask Sherlock."
John luxuriated in warmth. In comforting grounded scent. Earthy. Spicy. A little wild.
Billy said, "Can you help us?"
"John, your father sounds just like Kodos too." Sholto leaned forward to take John's hand, but John stepped back.
He startled a bird into nighttime flight.
She had a deep cut just above her right eyebrow. Red blood snaked down over her cheek. John wasn't Sherlock to deduce oceans from a drop of rain, but even he could parse omega as a reference to Augments. Anyway, the only society John'd encountered that used rings to indicate their preferred gender determination were Augments from Earth. He shouted introductions while she bent down by the creature with an obsidian knife. She nodded absently and crooned to the dead animal. "Aren't you a beauty! Dress you here, dress you in the cave? Hmmm…"
Not that either of them failed to charm the crew and attending children when the Watsons troop put on a short comedy play in the cargo bay.
Not that Billy hadn't felt a stab of fear every time Connor was out of sight. Reliving the day that Colonel Green's men had broken down the door to their windowless attic room above that old department store.
"Yeah. Promotion to Lieutenant Senior grade. Navigator on the Reliant."
So, he listened to Euros. He tried to explain the castle analogy that Hudson had taught him years ago as a way to shield her mind, but without being able to talk to her mind to mind, it was hard to get across. She seemed to get a bit of it, which turned the voices down to a low whisper. He said, "Your mother should get you some proper telepaths to teach you." He said it loudly enough for the armor clad Breen standing by the door to hear.
John tried to follow Moriarty's progress on the tricorder. "He's moving too fast. Straight down to the starboard airlock."
John moved frantically. His mate's knot wasn't even inside John. John would die if his mate stopped. "Fuck! Harder! More! Now!"
Sherlock was screaming inside. Victor's skin was warm and soft under his fingers. His hair thick and smooth. He wasn't breathing.
Victor named her Bloody Hands, because it wasn't as if she could just use her real name as her pirate name. Even if she had been named for a pirate.
Which meant Sherlock had to walk all the way across the cave and deal with the problem. Perhaps emboldened by the presence of so many omegas, more likely always her plan, but she slashed at him with a stone knife that she'd hidden somewhere. The edge sliced down over his chest, cutting deep. Whatever she'd been before she lost her memories, she'd had training to fight once. Memories that went below thought and into the memory of muscle.
She couldn't read their minds. She couldn't hear them saying anything really. They were looking at her, but she couldn't tell what they thought. She'd felt alone in a crowded room. She'd heard that Betazeds who lost the ability to hear thoughts were subject to depression. Subject to suicidal ideation.
He flushed with lights in levels where no one had gone in centuries when he understood how John had kept his body alive. He hadn't even thought about his body in his blind need to see John after he'd become incorporeal. Had assumed – incorrectly – that his body was lost to him.
"Neither John nor I want to live safe lives." Although, he supposed it was worth asking, "What is Mummy planning? Why isn't it safe?"
Mollyhoo wrapped her arm around Sarabeth. "Sarabeth's an amazing artist. Sadly stuck in a primitive period," she snorted and cackled at her own joke. "Um… yeah… she's good."
It felt good to be able to sit next to Connor and say, "He's right you know."
As it happened, they did.
Just then, their coms chirped. "Captain, can you read me?" said Hudson.
Lucy put her hand on John's arm and sniffed significantly. "You need to be careful what you expose yourself to. What if," she lowered her voice, "it hurts the baby."
"Soo-Lin," said Sherlock.
"Your Highness!" said Grendel. "I'll remind you of your promise of secrecy."
They sat in silence for a while, until John wondered if Benjamin had heard him. Benjamin said, "My mother always told us that it's easy to be a saint in paradise. On Earth, there's no poverty, little crime, and no war. Look out the window and see paradise. She's right. It's easy to be a saint when everything is taken care of. Out in these spaces where war and hunger haven't been held at bay, there are just people. Angry, scared, determined people trying to survive. "
Sherlock said, "Stay here. I'll follow the others." He went after the children.
He struggled to help his mate get his knot inside him. To delightfully push against John's very, very good spot. Sending him through rounds of release.
Which was several kinds of horrible. He ended up holding the other man as Billy burst into tears. His relative separated by centuries. "I didn't know it had gone that far."
Space Amoeba
"Technically," he said with a little smile, "There's about to be a lot more of me." What was unstated was that there were not enough doctors to crew all the new ships. What there were would be transferred to MASH units first.
John bled. Time to time. Splotches. Sherlock held him and tried to think. Promise the future.
They had been at this for several months, when it occurred to John that he was picking all the holodeck programs. So he paused in the midst of chewing on a turnip and said, "You should pick what we do next. What are your kinks? What did you like with other partners?"
John looked down at Sherlock's dear face. Brushed back a lock of his hair. "Sigma VI it is."
They reached the valley floor. Sherlock didn't stop. He raced towards the music. Towards the light, which divided. Shattered. Spreading out in a long line of brightly lit doorways.
Sherlock picked up a pickaxe, considering possible avenues of escape.
"Ohhhhkay," said Julian. "Sure."
He opened and closed the doors. Hoping John would find him.
Still, when Chin repeated her question, he asked for more time and sighing Chin said, "I'll wait," and then in a lowered voice, "I love you."
They opened their eyes and took in the more details about the room. It was alien, or at least not Starfleet in nature. Brittanus feigned weakness. "How long?"
Sherlock looked shyly, the twinkling minx, down at the tiled floor. Small wonder given the pornographic mosaic there. "Sir, I'm clean. Where does master want to take me?" Shy, but moving to stand up. "Please, sir."
Because wherever Sherlock's psyche was, they'd need to bring his body.
"You got caught with your pants down," said John, who was happy to realize he was still wearing pants at least. "It's not so nice when you're the one getting stunned, is it?"
"I am aware of that fact!" His tone was sharper than he'd intended, but even with anger in his scent, Sherlock could smell John's arousal. Ever present. "But given how you keep interrupting me, I have to assume you don't want me to find out how to change you back. Do you want to stay like this?"
A surprise. Or not given who she was talking too.
Euros said, "You always play together and I never get to." Not exactly true. Most days, they had to train from the moment they woke until they went to bed, but during the Meiosis they had gotten to play all day.
Sometimes he tried to find the way to that place inside his mind to shut them out, but he couldn't find the door.
"In my case it is correct. Mummy genetically mixed their material with my fathers in a petri dish. I have two fathers. It is complicated."
She looked.
SNAFU: Situation Normal, all fucked up.
He'd only completed five years of service. Not even a full ten. He'd be eligible for a Lieutenant's quarter credit pension. He supposed he could always fall back on the arts if he wanted to keep himself in bespoke clothing.
But why would he have if he didn't remember her? Didn't know she'd ever been in danger? She considered simply revealing herself, but that felt like cheating. Also, Mummy had been more than a bit firm on the point that she shouldn't. She started to tell him a dozen times while they worked on projects together. The time the 221C crashed. Each time the 221C crashed. It really was a trouble prone shuttle name. But could never quite bring herself to. Kept getting stuck on the idea that he might find her wanting.
John, who'd wandered up to the bridge as sickbay was presently dead boring and was therefore fulfilling his own role as Sherlock's foot warmer, gave Sherlock's bare ankle a squeeze, which perhaps wasn't entirely subtle, but earned him a smile.
John pulled his arm away. "Lucy, it's not one and I don't plan on keeping them and I could eat this rock and it wouldn't do anything more than be a rock in my intestinal tract."
"So, you say," said Prince Sparkles. "Or maybe you know who we are. It's awfully convenient you can't read my mind. Or maybe you can read minds. Who is to say you weren't the one to do this to us in the first place. Mind reader. Problems with our memories. All I know is you weren't on the bridge when we woke up. I don't think we can trust anyone who wasn't on the bridge."
