Steve nodded. The doors creaked loudly as he forced them open. Drones were sent in before them. They waited outside for the results.
“She did excellently. I’ll see her every day for a week. Then we’ll try every other day,” said George.
They placed Piper on the table, and let a wiry machine arm slowly scan over her. There were no injuries. Lena raised Piper’s shirt. There wasn’t even a scar from where she’d been stabbed. It wouldn’t surprise her if the child could regrow lost limbs. Next was Winter. He suffered a bad concussion, and had broken his collarbone, fingers, five ribs, arm, cheekbone, and nose, along with many lacerations.
Power waves of the blue light projected off of her. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. She recognized the man in front of her as her parent. He’d thrown her away. Yet, half of her wanted to jump into his arms. The other half, though, wanted to protect the man who’d watched over her. The power streaming through her only intensified as heard someone else approach. Soaring down the was a man dressed in armor colored in red and gold. She recognized as her dad. Her parents were here!
She yelped as his attack hit its mark. The wind was knocked out of her. Winter stood above her. If that had been full power she’d doubted she’d be breathing this easily.
She shook her head. "If I die, Killian, what happens to your soldiers? What happens to your product?"
“You don’t know,” said Piper. She wouldn’t be able to gather any more intel from Winter about it. If there were an attack on the base, things wouldn’t be this calm.
“Lean your head back.” Steve rinsed the shampoo from her hair, careful to not get any in her eyes. When the bubbles died down he interrupted her play, wrapping her in a fluffy towel. She giggled when he dried her hair.
“Okay.” He was actually asking for her help. Winter had never done that before. Normally, she had to figure it out for herself if he needed something.
? A child was meant to bring a couple closer together. If he were placed in the position where he had to choose between Tony and their child. He'd choose thier child every time without hesitation. Would Tony accept their baby? Would he love it? Nat squeezed his hand, refocusing his attention.
Tony emerged from lab around seven the next morning. There was one sure-fire way to get back onto Steve's good side, and that was through his stomach. Blueberries and mangos prove to be the omega's favorite. He flipped open the pastry box. Steve had eaten the centers of the remaining cinnamon buns, leaving the outer shell.
Piper yawned close to falling asleep. She was snapped from her drowsiness when Winter’s body language changed.
Steve nodded but stayed silent. It was best not to feed into it. Doing that would only egg Rumlow on. He got into the jet, taking a seat next Natasha. It was a long flight to Egypt. Their target was hidden in the Mount Sinia mountain range. It was supposed to be a place of peace.
They went into the bathroom. The two undressed each other placing kisses as they shed their clothes. They got into the tub. The alpha chest was pressed against his back. Tony nuzzled against his neck, shivering as the alpha's teeth grazed his skin. His head fell back. Those stunning blue eyes closed, giving complete power over to the alpha. Tony thumbed his nipple, causing him to whined and press against him. The alpha’s hand traveled lower. Steve spread his legs, arching as Tony's fingers pushed into him. The slow pace was addictive in its rhythm. He didn’t fight his growing lust. Tony’s arousal pressed against his back.
Piper sat on the floor, watching the process. She hadn’t known Aunt Nat could dance. It was another girly sport. Something that would further push her into the expected omega female shape. But she could humor her aunt, but she was sure this wouldn’t be for her.
Tony leaned forward, kissing his neck. He moaned, tilting his head back, giving the alpha better accesses, blushing as at the sounds he was making.
"That eliminates anywhere along the equator, the entire continents of Africa, Australia, and South America. We can likely eliminate the U.S. since they wouldn't risk keeping me so close to my parents. But there are still so many options."
Before he could finish Steve knocked them off the couch in his excitement. The omega sat on top of him straddling his waist.
Later in the morning, Lena forced herself from the comfort of her husband’s arms. She went to the kitchen to start breakfast. That's where she broke the news that she had to leave. Carl went into tears. She held him for an hour until he got it out of his system. He slowly pulled away from her shirt.
Steve was wheeled into their bedroom. The nurse expertly transferred Steve into bed. Tony carefully got up not wanting to disturb Piper.
"How did you escape without your friend getting hurt?" Piper stared at him with those big blues, so desperately seeking an answer. Her gaze had lost some of its childlike innocence; there'd be no getting that back.
"Better than Lena. But just because he's an omega doesn't mean can't be crafty. Omegas are the best at it. You should meet my Aunt Nat," said Piper.
Tony ejected from the armor, missing the heated hand that would cut through his heart. He was sprawled out on the platform below. The sound of an incoming suite caught both their attention.
“Steve.” Tony coughed breathlessly, his chest stone, weighted down with pain and loss… and loneliness.
For the sake of their mental health, they needed a break. It was all up to Steve. He wasn't going to force the subject.
He nodded. Winter moved behind her and carefully combed her soft dark brown hair with his fingers, gathering and twisting it into a bun. Winter wished he could do more. His first attempt at pigtails ended up comically uneven, but it got him a laugh from the pup.
Startle Reflex - when a baby hears a loud noise or when he falls backward, his arms and legs extend away from his body. This reflex is most noticeable during the first month and usually fades by 2 or 3 months.
It was pouring outside. Happy was waiting outside with the headlights on. When they reached the car, they were soaked. Steve shivered. Tony took off his jacket, wrapping around his shoulders. He smirked when Steve scented it. Tony wanted to kiss those soft pink lips against his. This wasn’t the place. He wanted privacy. The dividing window between them and Happy wasn't enough. Happy pulled into the garage. He grabbed Steve’s hand, dragging him into the elevator.
“Stop. Whatever you’re saying isn’t going stop me from reporting you. You damaged one of Hydra’s most valuable tools. Whatever you were trying to prove by pissing him off may have set us back in fulfilling our goals.”
Steve taking a breath, reminding himself that she was safe here. He trusted Jarvis's word, but he still needed the reassurance of seeing her. He went to Rune's room, pushing open the door slightly. The two were sleeping peacefully. He walked in, pulling the blanket further over them.
"She was the only other person I had these feelings before now. Is it bad that I'm waiting for it to go wrong?"
“Jarvis get me a suite right now!” He jumped from catwalk trying to get near a suit. A suit opened for him, he vaulted for it, but it shot away before could reach it. He crashed onto the floor below him. “Come on!”
The question left him speechless. It had never been an issue for him. He felt guilty for her losing the opportunity to be with Steve. When he was young, she always spoke so dreamily of Steve. He was developing feelings for a man he once despised as a child.
“It doesn’t matter if I am or not. Your word means everything. If you say there’s something wrong with me, they put in an omega asylum,” said Steve.
Who was he? His appearance didn't yield much. She'd seen that red star before in a history book. It was Soviet, but that regime ended in 1991. He seemed about Aunt Natasha's age, so the timeline fit. Aunt Nat taught her Russian. She never thought she'd use it. Were they in Russia?
He enjoyed his job, despite the darkness, he encountered. But it was worth it. He was helping people and protecting his country. That was something to take pride in. His body craved that activity it provided.
“Tony is your drinking in check. I won’t judge. I’ll drag your ass to rehab, but I won’t judge,” he said.
Steve woke on his couch in his paint clothes. He’d fallen asleep talking with Tony. Steve got to his feet. It was eight in the morning. He’d missed his normal run time. Steve got up and looked over the half-finished painting, he’d work on it later. He changed into his running clothes, joining the trainees for their morning drills.
Alpha turned them, so they were resting on their side. He rocked into him, working through a second release. Each time Steve followed moments later. When it was over, Alpha didn’t pull out. Steve felt full. They were both panting, attempting to regain their breath. Groaning as Alpha pulled out from him with a lewd pop. Slick and cum dripped from him. He closed his legs, not wanting to let it out. The irony smell of blood touched his nose. There was a deep bite mark on the alpha's forearm. Steve licked the wound clean. The next wave was coming.
Winter scowled. He’d have to be more careful. The authorities would be out in number. Piper wasn’t the average missing child. Her parents were famed. Authorities would be out in force, looking for anyone suspicious.
Steve scratched at the scruffy beard he’d grown. He checked the bedroom. They were both asleep. He quickly shaved only cutting himself once. Steve returned to the bedroom and went through Piper's morning routine. She stared up turning her head slightly.
There really wasn't much else they could do at the moment. Between the pain and a sleepless night, Steve hated to admit it, but he was wiped out.
“Winter is exceptional too. I’m sure he survived,” she whispered. Piper had to believe that. He just couldn’t be dead.
She rolled her eyes. True, the once playboy alpha was settling down and starting a family. The press would be out to disprove Tony's new image. Bad news always sells better than good.
She took a breath. The story has wheels. The press isn't dropping this. It's too juicy. She'd been on the phone with Agent Hill all morning, creating a believable story. She checked her phone. Her mailbox was filled with requests for an interview. Steve and Tony stood quietly in the kitchen, processing what happened. The news was playing in the background.
Piper fell asleep while playing cards. Winter’s simple motion of walking toward her caused the card tower to tumble down. He placed her on thin the mattress.
Steve went to the massive machine. He pushed against the dummy and started charging forward. Steve straightened when he reached the end of the field.
Tony looked up making sure the omega was serious. His heat hadn’t finished that long ago. Steve should be here at home resting. "I'm your fanboy will make an exception for you."
His alpha lay on his side by him, his fingers slowly moving up and down his stomach. Instinctively spreading his legs further. A whimper escaped. Jolting when the alpha's hand was on him, tracing him slowly through the thin fabric.
Rune could have sworn he was talking to an adult instead of a little girl. There was something so wise to her eyes. Maybe that was one of her powers. She aged super slowly so she was stuck as a kid when she was actually older.
“And to why she hasn’t used her abilities to her full extent I believe she doesn’t want to hurt the two of you,” said Bruce. He redressed the pup, before picking her up. She nuzzled against his chest. Bruce handed her the toy. She made a happy noise. "She's quite a social baby. I suggest you keep her mind engaged when you can."
Tony ran his hand over Steve’s stomach, not even a scar. Pulling away when Steve flinched. "Did that hurt?"
"I want to keep her to ourselves for a while at least for the first week. We can tell our friends. I know you want to brag to Rhodes." And part of him wanted to show off his newborn pup.
She nodded. For the first time since she arrived her, Piper left the outer chamber, where her cell was held, on her own two feet. The polished tile floor was cold against her soles. She heard people moving about, but they were out of sight. In front of her was a maze of halls. There were no signs on any of the door. She grabbed Winter’s hand as they walked through the halls.
"It figures what I actually am biological DNA coder running a team of forty out of privately funded think tank, but sure can call me a botanist. So any ideas on what to do?” asked Maya.
He actually wanted to do those boring things with Steve. Tony wanted to show off the beautiful omega.
Once the pups were asleep, Natasha went to the kitchen, helping herself to a glass of red wine. The other adults joined her.
From the changing table, he took a pump. He frowned but took it from its place. Steve returned to the shelter of his studio, locking the door behind him. He settled in the love seat and set up the machine. Steve growled at the sensation. It went against his omega nature to not nurture his pup naturally. He clutched the armrest and ignored the instinct. By the time he was done he was agitated. He gathered the bottles, putting them in the fridge. Then cleaned the pump before returning his studio. He twitched disturbingly unable to be still. Steve grabbed the cleaning supplies from underneath the dump sink and started thorough cleaning the room.
"An ultrasound. It uses high frequency to form an image so I can see inside you. It won't hurt your baby. You won't be able to see anything since it so early in development but I want to check your womb. So can you lay back down?"
He clung to the metal suit hiding his face in its neck. There was no scent of his mate, but it was enough to soothe his frazzled nerves.
Steve froze, debating whether to give him a chance. He turned to face him, waiting for an explanation.
He didn’t know how to process Stark. The man was genius in his fields and he respected, but he didn’t know what to think of the person. What was gossip and what was the truth? There was so much conflicting information surrounding him.
Lena lacked the gravitas she normally carried when introducing herself to her subjects. Piper's first impression of her was tainted by Winter’s body language.
Steve was patient with the clumsy yet kind doctor, even when it took three tries for her to hit a vein.
Kevin nodded. Jeff felt some minor level of pity for the creatures sedated on their tables. It was best to think of them as subhuman. Any feelings beyond that spelled trouble. That’s what doomed the last pair of techs given to Dr. Zemo.
“May the Lord bless these rings, which you shall give to each other as the sign of your and fidelity.”
“Yes, and we thought we disposed of all then we discovered this stock hold in Ten Rings' possession. Rumlow and his team were sent to handle it,” she said.
Their baby being a super soldier meant there was extra power. The pup had no control over its strength so kicks could range from gentle to bone breaking.
Steve relaxed. He took a piece of paper and a pen from the center of the table. Steve quickly drew a sketch and signed his name. He handed it to the alpha.
He needed a distraction. Steve searched the ship, seeing if there was anything to Tony's suspicions.
“It’s ten in the morning,” said Steve. He couldn’t believe he’d slept in so late. Steve changed into his clothes from last night and went to the kitchen. Jarvis brewed a fresh pot of coffee. He filled his mug.
It was unusual seeing him there. He'd become used to waking up alone. Steve would be in the gym or pacing around the tower in search of distraction. Seeing his mate so peaceful after such stress almost made him smile. He leaned over pressing a gentle kiss on his forehead, carding his fingers through the omega's hair.
"Good morning." The alpha had made breakfast. Steve took a seat next to him. Tony had made his favorite blueberry pancakes.
“Some physical testing to see if you were affected by spending all that time in the ice. You won’t have to perform a speed test. We clocked your speed at 65mph,” said Phil.
"Take it from an alpha. We find it flattering as hell when your chosen omega defends you," said Clint.
He'd screwed up. The threat had gone too far. He put in danger the security of his den and those that lived there. Tony went to the garage; he didn't try to get in through there. He took off his suit. It creaked and groaned as it tried transforming into a suitcase before it finally gave up. He grabbed a random set of keys and sped out the driveway. Steve needed to cool down. He drove into town, going to Steve’s favorite bakery, The CinnaMan. It was packed.
Tony closed the footage from the penthouse. That went better than expected. The elevator stopped on the lab floor. Deep growls echoed from within it. For the briefest of moments, he thought it another alpha challenging him. The baser instinct faded when he saw an agitated Cap. His eyes were dilated, feral.
"Come on, Steve," said Tony, grabbing his hand. He wasn't going to pass up the chance to sleep while their daughter was in trusted hands.
Seventy-six days since his daughter was taken. Some of the press had turned against them, asking why they were unable to find their daughter, creating ridiculous conspiracy theories. But they still had their supporters. Tony donated hundreds of millions of dollars to missing people organizations worldwide. It was good and all, but that didn't stop public focus from waning.
Steve nodded. Once done, he followed Coulson to a football field at one end of it was a large bull dowser. A football dummy was attached to it. In the bleachers were several scientists were waiting.
Steve's distress flooded Tony's senses. The omega's face was hidden against his neck. Tony ran his hand down Steve's back, trying to calm him. If he were the only affected, he wouldn't care, but his mate had been brought into this mess.
"For you, getting a new heart will be no trouble. You'll go straight to the top of the donor list. The mental pain, not only for Steve but for you too, will last for years. You don't want to bring that down on Piper when you find her," she said.
He got up from the couch and headed out onto the beach. Steve sat in the sand, digging his toe into the ground, enjoying how the sun felt against his skin. The last time he was out here he was with Tony. Those comforting arms were braced around him. He pulled his legs to his chest, whimpering. It was pointless his alpha wouldn’t respond to his calls. He spent hours watching the waves, before finally getting up. He went back to the mansion.
"Winter was one of their original fighters going by the name Russian Bear. No one saw his face. The few that may have are already dead."
“None of them could compare to you,” he whispered. Steve turned red, smiling through his blush. “I’ll see you later."
Killian smiled. Stark was in the palm of his hand. Mated pairs were so easily weakened. Control the omega and the alpha will fall in line. He switched off the image of Steve. Killian grabbed the alpha by the throat.
Steve ran his hand through hair. He had to say something. What he didn't know. Barny hadn't told him what to say. There was no one there besides him and Tony.
as a wealthy businessman is getting things done when I need to. I couldn’t get Piper for so long and now that we have her we still don’t know how or why this happen.” He hesitated. “Or...”
The room looked unused compared to the one at the penthouse, which was stuffed with his artwork. The studio smelled of linseed oil, and oil paints tinted the air. She went to the easel. The canvas was an abstract storm of dark blues, and black within it was a lone figure. Before picking up a brush, she glanced at Papa; he was still sound asleep.
Winter's flight landed. There was only one airport in Glasgow, and it was unusually crowded. He counted at least fifty cameras.
Winter groaned when the pup threw up against his leg. The scent of Piper’s distress was suffocating. She whimpered. The pup hadn’t changed that much after all. How long would it take her to be unaffected by death? Not feel the guilt. How long did it take for him to be numb toward it? Was it programmed? Or was it something he’d gradually gotten used to?
Edith was the first person besides Bucky to tell him that. He’d never told his mother. Afraid of what she may think. It wasn’t something he wanted to speak of.
Steve regained control himself. Distress would do nothing but agitated his pup and trigger his morning sickness. They would have to prepare. Steve was worried about his husband.
“We know the model’s locked and we are searching for the signature now. When we get a hit we’ll have a location on that monitor,” said Bruce, pointing the screen behind Fury.
"I shouldn't have to ask. I'm there for you whether you ask me or not. I know when you need me. I thought you would at least offer me the same curtsey!"
“Well, a zombie is half dead and half alive," said Piper. It seemed like a reasonable answer to an impossible question.
Steve woke early in the morning. His head rested on Tony’s chest. There was a large drool spot on the alpha’s dress shirt. There was no way of getting up without waking Tony. Slowly he felt himself easing back into sleep. Then his phone rang. He reached over Tony, grabbing it from the coffee table.
“Either he slipped out before procedure took full effect or he was already worked within the agency. Hill is currently hand interrogation all those employed at the facility.”
“Regret is when you feel sad or disappointment at something you did or something you missed out on,” said Piper.
"That's good too," smiled Tony. Steve was still nosing his neck. “Why didn’t you take your bike home?”
“It burns you to have come so close. To have the Tesseract, have power, unlimited power and for what? A warm light for all mankind to share. And then to be reminded what real power is,” said Loki.
Tony went to the kitchen. Steve was making breakfast. The omega was wearing that perfect warm smile. There was a plate waiting for him on the counter.
Three weeks passed since Steve returned from his mission. His free days were spent with Tony. Talking with the alpha every night helped him sleep. It gave him a few extra hours of sleep. Tony even comforted after his night terrors. They went out as frequently as possible. Clint and Natasha teased him, but they were happy for him. Steve closed his locker.
It would have been a far more useful bit of information if he’d seen Winter’s face. Still, there couldn’t be many men with metal arms. It should be easy enough for S.H.I.E.L.D.
S.H.I.E.L.D operatives surrounded the place, taking over from emergency services. Steve pushed through the sodden ash and destruction as he searched for Piper. He found remnants of her backpack. The shock was overwhelming. He teetered on the edge of a mental break down; frozen, unable to move. Stuck in the failure of not being able to protect his pup. Their connection was alive. That meant Piper was too.
“Very different from the last Midgardian wedding I witnessed. But at that time such events were more similar to weddings of Asgard,” said Thor.
Steve hung up. He fell back into bed, staring at the ceiling. Steve grabbed his shield when someone entered. He relaxing when he saw it was Natasha. She paced the room.
Winter couldn’t remember, but instinct told him she was safe. More than safe, there was some unknown connection between them that he couldn’t even begin to process. It was terrifying, yet he wanted to keep it. She pulled away.
Tony lead Steve to the coffee table, where an iced bottle of unopened champagne was waiting. Steve bit his lip.
The first bike was olive green. It was a bit bulky. He was willing to give it a try. Steve got on it. The seat was wonderfully cushy. Its handles were nice in his hand.
“Three years ago, I was kidnapped while presenting my new Jericho missile in Afghanistan for the military. On the return convey, we were attacked. I was the only survivor. One of them was just a kid." Steve squeezed his hand.
Steve cringed at the yelling. He pulled at his submissive instincts. Every part of him wanted to bare his neck, but he refused to.  Tony was seething. His angered ranting mostly included of how he was going to get Fury for his incompetence. Steve let this go on for five minutes.
Steve swatted Tony’s hand. He wouldn't let Tony endanger their pup along with the entire crew by letting the Hulk loose! Maybe he should have told Tony, so he wouldn’t be acting so idiotically.
Steve cleaned up the mess. Then took out the trash not wanting to leave any hints of what happened. The rest of his night was spent bent over the toilet.  At five in the morning, Steve slowly got up from the floor of the guest bathroom and went to the master bathroom. He brushed the taste of vomit out of his mouth, the stepped into the shower. Steve soaked under the hot water. When done bathing, he put on a pair of shorts. Steve looked at himself in the mirror, trying to picture what he would look like further along.
“Okay,” agreed Piper. She snuggled against his side again, purring as he read. Papa's voice was always so soothing. Her eyes grew heavy as he read aloud. She was nodding off by the time he finished. Steve put her into bed, tucking her in.
“I’m also the god of fertility. Blessed several a maiden with child in my youth,” said Thor proudly.
"You need it more than me. You're feeding a super powdered embryo," said Tony. It was easier to think about it that way. A pup was terrifying. A grouping of cells that didn't even amount to the size of a poppy seed was nothing to worry about.
“Look I brought your damn file take it and go. Whatever was in here he wanted no part of it,” she said sliding it toward him.
Dum-E rolled into the room. It happily twitched its claws. Tony worked quietly strengthening his gloves so they'd be able to handle the force Steve could exert. Steve had been asleep for nearly four hours. His limbs were numb from Steve's weight. He had to move. Tony carefully moved from the bed and paced the room, trying to regain some feeling in his legs. Steve whined in his sleep. For the last few hours, he watched pained expressions crossed the sleeping omega's face. Even in sleep, Steve wasn't free from the strain of labor. It would only get worse. He went to the bathroom and got a drink.
They stayed in each other’s arms for hours. Steve couldn’t sleep. He watched minutes pass by on the ornate antique clock in their room. Eventually, Tony’s arms went slack around him. He wished he could sleep, but worry wouldn’t let him.
He blasted the ceiling above the guards storming toward him. It collapsed on them. He twisted awkwardly in the air. Tony set down cover fire, ducking behind a cement wall. He moved through the room taking out guard after guard. Only one was left. He quickly raised his hands, dropping his gun.
“Everything that’s happening the things that are about to come to light. People might just need a little bit of old fashion,” said Phil.
"Yours is special. If you were a dumb as a brick, I wouldn't find you nearly as interesting as I do. I don't want anyone messing with your mind either. But I know these doctors could help us too. They've help Papa."
Natasha read the underlying message loud and clear. "Mrs. Zemo, I'll make this clear now, I have no interest in your husband beyond friendship. And your son is a great kid that's hard not to get to know. He told me all about your penguin stories."
“Leave it here for next time you come over. I had Happy pick up some clothes for you that should fit you. They're in the top drawer first to the right,” he said. Tony followed the omega to the closet. Steve smiled brightly looking over the drawer. The gesture was more of a convenience than anything else. It meant a great deal to Steve though. That warm smile appeared. He loved that smile.
Steve let himself in. Bruce took off his gloves and went greet him. He took the bowl from Steve's hand.
Steve entwined their fingers. He loved the feel of the metal against his palm. He pressed himself against Tony. The alpha chuckled softly, allowing him to continue the behavior. Raising his only when the coolness faded. He picked up the helmet.
Steve’s heart fluttered. He nosed against Alpha’s throat, showing his appreciation. Making sure to leave his marks on the alpha's throat. That metallic, earthy, clove scent filled his senses. There was nothing better than that rich smell. Steve wanted to be bathed in that smell. Alpha was perfect. Everything he wanted in a mate.  Exceptionally intelligent, protective, powerful, prosperous, but most importantly, he was kind and respectful of him. Alpha could support him and a large family. Steve always wanted one. Having alpha children would be a dream. They’d be beautiful. Maybe if he were lucky, alpha would mark him! The thoughts caused him to slick. He spread his legs so alpha could see what the thought did to him.
Tony was in Miami. It was a miracle he hadn't been pulled over. He parked a few blocks away from the Mandarin's base. Tony hide among the foliage that surrounded the Tuscan style mansion. From his perch, he spotted several armed guards with dogs. He jumped the wall, keeping low. No one noticed him yet. He crept toward steps. The first guard came into view. He swiftly took down three guards with homemade weapons. There was no time to move them.
Piper groaned rolling her shoulders. The slight outburst was enough to make her bruises ache. She pulled the blankets snuggly against her. Piper traced the fading scars on her hand.
It was a new sensation for her. She didn't get sick. Booboos healed in seconds. Not feeling well just wasn't something super soldiers did.
"Yes, a scientist tried replicating the results of the experiment that made you by using gamma radiation. The end result gave him a strength greater than yours, but it came at a cost. It turned into an indestructible monster that he transforms into any time he became enraged," she said.
They went to the kitchen. It wouldn’t be long until Steve would be driven to sleep or hit by another heat wave. He made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Tony pushed the plate toward Steve. He glared at it. Steve’s lack of appetite bothered him.
“Six-speed transmission, gooseneck frame with an s-bend, a ninety-three cubic inch engine, and dual shot exhaust,” said Steve. He couldn’t help the excitement in his voice. Steve hadn’t been near a motorcycle since he was frozen. He missed the purr of the engine.
Steve’s mind went to the doctor, who taken such advantage of him when he was so defenseless. “I wouldn’t."
“Tony." Steve caught the alpha in a kiss, pushing his tongue passed the alpha's sharpened teeth. Slowly pulling away to whisper, "My alpha."
"No, without what you've made I could have lost you and our child. It may not be one of your Ironman suits, but your tracker saved our family's life. You didn't fail." Tony held him even closer.
“Interactive toys and speaking to her in different languages. Just try and keep her engaged," said Bruce.
He cupped Tony’s face in his hands. “I’m fine, and so is the baby. We’ve survived an alien invasion. We can survive this,” said Steve.
“There is no excuse for how I acted. I needed to figure something out,” said Steve without preamble.
She herded them inside. They discussed the events. Steve peacefully sipped at his tea. Watson sat in the small space left between him and Tony. He rubbed the dog’s ears.
Steve scheduled his next appointment. Barny took his leave, wishing them a great rest of the day. Steve relieved Natasha of babysitting. He cradled Piper. The day went smoothly. He laid in bed next to Tony with Piper between them. Tony was finishing up some notes on a project. His eyes went to the arc reactor. The blue light had proven a comfort to him. But it was a burden and remaining risk. Their family had enough dangers in their life and toward their family.
There wasn’t a doubt in her mind that Lena would do that. Make her sit in the center of the room doing nothing. Being locked inside a room with nearly nothing to do made her crave for something that allowed her to use her mind. That’s part of the reason she’d so fondly taken to learning from Winter.
Tony put down his phone still worried after his omega. The brief encounter left him bitter mood. He should be there. Tony pulled up the footage from his home on his phone. Steve looked well enough. He looked at the video from before the call. Steve was curled in a tight ball, whimpering. Ever so often calling for him. His omega was calling for him and he wasn't there. He should have been there helping him. His call seemed the only relief Steve had for some time. There was a knock on his door. He scowled at Pepper.
Steve lay in bed, watching the numbers on his clock change from 1:59 am to 2:00 am. Tony lay next to him. Their backs were turned to each other.
He couldn’t help staring for a brief moment. Before now, he’d never met a female doctor, let alone an omega. A majority of doctors in his time were alphas and betas, all of them male. She seemed so young.
Winter froze when he saw the symbols she’d drawn near her corner. One was a red and yellow mask. The other was a red, white, and blue circle with a white star at the center. He touched the smooth, waxy surface. Not a circle. No, it was a shield. What made believe that he didn’t know. But he was sure it was not just a circle. He was certain.
They were both relieved when Steve came. His presence alone softened the atmosphere between them. Edith opened her medical bag.
Lena waited until Pierce was out earshot to curse. It would be months of painstaking work to break down and rebuild Rune into that kind of setting. She was lucky, the boy was young, and his mind was still flexible.
He took a breath, realizing he had to handle this as if she were an adult. Treating as a child right would be an insult to her intelligence.
Steve quietly went down the steps of the playroom. He paused when he heard Piper and Tony’s purring. Tony was rocking back and forth in the hammock chair with Piper was asleep on his chest. It was so much like when she was a baby. She loved sleeping on her dad's chest.
“The baby is due in sixteen days and I don’t know where I’m giving birth or where we’re going to nest after!”
She was a talented pup with her whole life ahead of her and no darkness holding her back. He was hardly a person. A violent thoughtless man with the innocent blood on his hands. He changed the course of history; for better or for worse he did not know. Her life was worth so much more than his. Her time with him may have changed the value of his life slightly but not enough to make the difference.
“Your work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it and his allies. It’s a signal to all the realms that the Earth is ready for a higher form of war,” said Thor.
Tony nodded. Steve was stuck in the office while Tony was taken for x-rays. He bit the inside of his cheek, fighting off the urge to pace. It was Sunday; they have the rest of the upcoming week to decide when this would happen.
"Answer it could be important," he said. Steve kissed Tony on the cheek before pulling away and settling on the couch.
He sat at the foot of their bed. Steve's arms wrapped around his waist. The omega's chin rested on his shoulder.
The maximum time he could allow her to exist when not under proper care ten years. There was likely hood that she would have to eliminate if not found within that time limit. Such a task would one dangerous he would have to handle. If there was one misstep he would have Stark and Rogers demanding his head on a plate. The best option was for Piper to be found as soon as possible.
“One of the few,” said Bruce. He took her out of her onesie and laid her on her back. "Has she shown any superhuman abilities?"
He crawled under the deck, sinking into the mud. It was claustrophobic. Steve took a steadying breath. The tightness and condition of the space reminded him of crawling through muddy tunnels to enemy camps. Trudging under the barbed wire and over corpses. He forced the memories back, focusing on his pup. His terrified little pup. The closer he got the more she struggled. The wooden boards above her head started shaking from waves of power emitting from her.
“Dum Dum’s idea. He told me every great bike deserved a name. He had a thing for Doris Day, and the name stuck,” said Steve.
“Yes, Steve. I’ve already informed, sir, that you’ve found the Little Miss. And I’ve placed the orders,” said Jarvis.
Tony sighed as Steve’s fingers carded through his hair, removing the headset he was wearing. He rested his head against Steve, running his hands over the omega’s growing stomach.
Tony went to the garage. He’d recently bought a Porsche Cayenne Turbo S 2013. He took the baby seat from its box. After twenty minutes he was cursing up a storm. He looked at the instructions, of course, it was written in Chinese. It couldn't be written in one of the many other languages he actually knew.
“It will be less suspicious if we go separately,” said Natasha, when Steve stood up and headed for the door.
The door opened. He pulled into an empty space. Rhodes stopped at the motorcycle in one of the parking spaces. It was painted a deep blue and had brown leather seating. The bike was too modest to be Tony's. So Tony’s omega was into motorcycles and potentially military. Where did he even meet this person? Rhodes went to the penthouse floor. When the doors opened he heard, someone was humming from the kitchen. He dropped everything when he saw who was in the kitchen.
Steve was spread out on his bed. Those blue lust-hazed eyes were focused on him. He stretched out alongside Steve. Tony placed a hand on Steve’s cheek. He leaned into the touch purring. They met in a slow soft kiss. Tony cringed when Steve's clothes scratched against his skin. He pulled down Steve’s pants and gasped. Steve was wearing those tight bright red panties with Ironman mask on the hip, slick darkening the fabric.
"I need to figure out where we are. We're likely in one of four places. Antarctica, Siberia, Greenland, or the South pole,” she said.
She started crying. This was all her fault. She launched from the bed, hugging him and crying into his chest.
Steve nodded. He went to the kitchen. It followed the style same sleek modern style as the rest of the house. Counters were polished black marble, cupboards and drawers were white, and all the appliances were stainless steel. The full-length windows let in a great deal of light. He drank two large bottles of water and brought one back for Tony. Steve took an apple from the fridge and made himself eat it. The returned to the bedroom. The room smelled of sex, yet he enjoyed it. He settled in the large nest. Red splotches of blood on the blanketing worried him. Tony was more marked them him. Some of them were rather deep. The bites and hickies were focused on the alphas shoulders. He would have to treat them. There was nothing he could do for the purple markings on the alpha's neck.
“You were doing what was right. It may have broken my heart, but you wouldn’t be you if you didn’t. I would have done the same if I were in your position,” said Peggy. She broke their embrace. “Now look what you’ve done you’ve got me crying too."
"Bring up the thermogenic signatures again. And factor in 3,000 degrees." He climbed onto one of his toolboxes to get a better view. Jarvis started plotting the information on the map below. "Take out everywhere there was a Mandarin attack."
“Twelve to sixteen weeks. It may take longer since it will take time for your muscles to soften and stretch."
Piper glared and ran over to him as soon as he sat down. He picked her up again, setting her in the corner, with a growl of his own. It went on like this for four hours. He finally gave up, allowing the child to sit beside him.
“This isn’t optional. Our children are lethal. Can’t speak for what Rune has done, but I’ve seen my daughter kill.” Steve forced hating how they hung heavily in the air. “You will keep this on you.”
She took Daddy’s hand, following him to the playroom. She and Rune hadn’t used it much, so this was her first real look at it. A corner of the large basement was dedicated to empty platform tables, just waiting for a Lego world to be built on them. There was even a tunnel entrance that lead back to the playground.
He was tackled to the ground by ten of the men. Steve fought against them. Their glowing bodies struggled to keep him pinned. Contact with their skin burned. His arms were pinned behind.
“You know I could easily get us a hotel room. Take you the sites. We have some time off coming. Your heat is over so it will be safe for you,” said Tony.
“Vibranium, it’s stronger than steel and a third the weight. It’s completely vibration absorbent,” he said.
Rune crawled out of the tube, understanding that she needed space. Her parents were waiting for her.
Human interaction was the last thing he wanted to deal with right now, but Piper’s checkup was more important than his preference.
Steve didn't let Tony returned to the lab for the rest of the morning. Around noon Rhodes came to pick Tony for lunch. He was relieved to get Tony out of the house.
Honestly, that sounded more than perfect, but the weekend was cutting a little to close to his heat. Even without his upcoming heat, he couldn’t risk it. There was a chance he could be recognized. He was well known in Italy, France, Germany, and England. He was even given an honorary knighthood by the queen. Steve wanted to be out in public with the man he loved. But they couldn’t do something as simple as go for a walk through Central Park.
EKG - is a test that measures the electrical activity of the heartbeat. With each beat, an electrical impulse (or “wave”) travels through the heart. This wave causes the muscle to squeeze and pump blood from the heart.
Tony looked up from his work as Steve's calming omega scent filled his lab. Steve was asleep on the couch. It wasn't the best place for the omega to sleep, but he couldn't wake him. Neither of them had gotten much sleep. He took a blanket from the closet and wrapped it around Steve. Tony kneeled by his mate.
He did as told. Edith gently pressed on his abdomen in different areas. She warmed her stethoscope in her hand before placing it against his chest.
She broke from the haze. Daddy was kneeling in front of her. She fell to her knees, realizing what she was doing, and dropped the shard.
Steve bit his lip. “At least, I’m trying. She wouldn’t want this. Please, we’re hurting enough without you doing this.”
"I don't know, yet. But I fully intend on finding out. She's due to return home in a month. I'll pay her a visit."
“As long it's there, I knew you were safe. A sure, easily recognizable sign that you're okay. It wasn't only my fear of losing you that made me uneasy about the surgery, but my fear of losing its security. You are still you without it. It was ridiculous and selfish. And I'm sorry."
"I'll call you when I'm done." The alpha's understanding only gave him cause to feel more guilty. "And Tony."
Fury took a plastic bag of black metal pieces. Tony looked at Steve. The omega nodded. Tony took the bag, pouring onto the table. Jarvis scanned them. The holographic images of each piece appeared on the screen. Twenty minutes later Tony put the holographic images together into their original form. He was amazed at how similarly the design replicated his own work. But it had its own creative twists.
Winter sat quietly in the corner. Watching the pup walk back and forth was agitating. Stacked next to him were two German books. He already knew German, so they must be the girl's.
Loki sent charge in her direction. Steve tossed his shield, hitting Loki's chest, catching it before charging forward. Loki’s staff slammed against his shield. It hit him in the chest sending him tumbling into a wall. He tossed his shield and ran forward. His fist made impact twice but had little effect. Again he was tossed aside. The point of Loki’s spear was pressed against the base of his neck.
Tony didn’t feel confident in that assumption. He’d try to Steve to sleep for at least a few hours today. Tony yawned. “And she agreed to meet with the doctor,” he said, leaving out the part that she'd only agreed to do it for Steve's sake.
He picked her up. Half the reason for Kevin's blossoming hatred of girl was that she was an omega. It was misdirected. Since Kevin could do nothing about working for a female beta, someone he believed to be of lower status than himself, he would likely take it out on the child.
Spending time with Rune had given her some distraction from her worries over Winter. There were almost no signs of injuries left on her. They were currently sitting across from each other. The glass wall separating did nothing to dampen the friendship blossoming between them. Tensing when the two of them heard people approaching, the stopped talking. People here was never a good sign.
Tony winced. Piper clutched him as she cried. Crying wasn't the right word for it more howling wail, revealing the true extent of what she'd endured. He wasn't sure how long deafening sob went on for. Steve couldn't help. Every time he drew near Piper’s screaming rejuvenated.
"His manners are fine. Mine, on the other hand, aren't," said Tony, flashing his teeth. A pulse of sound shot from his palm, disorienting, Rumlow. The idiot stumbled out of their room.
Tony's attention drifted from his work when the sound of Steve’s scribbling stopped. He went over to the pad on the table and saw a sketch of himself staring back at him.
Piper woke up first. She let out a gasping cry of pain. It hurt to breathe. Everything hurt. This kind was a new kind of ache. She had nothing to compare it too. What happened to make her feel this way? Piper cried and whimpered, not caring who heard.
“No, my mom was on the board. That gives me some sway. I know how you value your privacy,” said Tony.
Their den was destroyed and that was on him. They'd spent the majority of their time in Malibu, rarely visiting New York.
"I'm a piping hot mess. It's been going a while, and I haven't said anything. Nothing has been the same since New York," said Tony.
Winter jolted, tossing her from his chest. The pup was curled in a tight ball, her hands covered ears.
Steve’s heart sped at the word love. Heat rose in his cheeks. He nearly yelped when Tony pinched his butt. Tony snickered.
It was a part of every Stark's personality, including his daughter. He hoped she wouldn’t be as cocky as in her ancestors.
They went into the room that enclosed the cell she shared with Winter. It was bigger. The only problem was the glass wall dividing the cell in half.
They spent hours playing hangman and other card games. Finally, it was time to take action. They slowly made their way toward the cave entrance. Steve threw his shield knocking out the guards. He dragged them out of sight. Steve raised his shield as they traveled further through the narrow cave tunnels. Natasha guarded his back. The fight was brief. There was little challenge posed by their opponents.
Tony ran to Steve’s room. The hall smelled of Steve’s heat. Tony stopped for a second at the giant hole in the opposite wall. The door to Steve’s room was locked.
“I didn’t ask he just gave me them. It was convenient with the amount of time I spend here. I didn’t think anything of it,” said Steve. He bit his lip he wanted to know how long it took Pepper to get a drawer. It was petty and unlike him but he wanted to know. His inner omega happily preened at the idea.
“I don’t think Lady Jane would appreciate such an event. Why are you only celebrating the new union and not-
No, he wasn’t letting him go so easily! He ran out of the tower, jumping into the sky. Wind whipped through hair. His arms wrapped firmly around Tony. The impact slammed them through one of the lab windows. Tony landed on top of him. He grabbed the alpha’s arms, stopping him from flying away.
He slowly pulled away. Running would make him the stereotype timid little omega. Something he'd never been. He should have been angry by the possessive alpha displayed, marking him as taken for all to see, but he wasn't. Now the alpha and beta trainees would stop flirting with him. This was the only place they could be public. Tony worked with S.H.I.E.L.D. He didn’t want other omegas getting ideas about his alpha. He heavily scent marked, Tony. A smug smile crossed the alpha’s lips. Tony leaned closer.
The weight from her shoulders lifted. She only hurt them to protect someone. That evened things out.
"I know, Steve. Anyone can see that, but that's not what I asked. Give me some descriptors," said Turner gently.
Piper woke up crying from a nightmare. Normally, when she had a bad dream she’d go to her parent’s room. Sleeping in either in Papa’s or Daddy’s arms. It was one of the safest places in the world. She went to Theodore’s corner. His eyes opened instantly at her approach.
Winter woke up, feral state dominating his mind. The entire room had been scrubbed clean. It smelled heavily of bleach. The symbols on the ground were gone. The pup was curled up in the corner. He sniffed her. The drug was still coursing through her system. Since she was so small, its effects would last longer.
He nodded, surprised she wasn't dressed in a black jumpsuit. Instead, she wore baggy cargo pants, a t-shirt, and a cotton shawl over her head. He nodded, following her to jet and the four members of the S.T.R.I.K.E. team. Rumlow smirked at him.
Piper whimpered. Why was he yelling? Had she done something wrong? She'd try to do what she was supposed to do.
“Every omega has a spot that causes them to do this,” said Tony, running his hand over Steve’s stomach again, causing him to purr loudly.
Steve paced outside the campsite. The night was so much more tolerable than the heat of the day. The sky was beautiful. He checked his phone. Steve twisted the rings on his finger. It was three in the morning here but he was still on New York time. It finally rang.
"Nothing difficult, all you have to do is stand in the corner nearest me, while I remove it. Can you do that?"
Unknown voices chatted in the background. All he could feel was numbness. Bright lights stung at his eyes. He wanted to run, but his limbs were heavy. His anxiety swiftly melted away when Alpha’s thumbs massaged his scent glands, making him go limp.
“I would have to do further testing, but I would say there's a five to ten percent chance of rejection of an alpha’s claim mark,” said Edith.
He purred as Tony's hands wandered his form, never traveling uncomfortably low. The alpha's touch effortlessly drawing out his purr. He was timider in exploration, running his hands down the alpha's form, keeping his touches to alpha's upper chest and back. His mind grew hazy from the heavy scenting. A particular loud gunshot triggered Steve. He rolled off the couch, shielding Tony underneath him.
Steve watched his alpha. Tony stared blankly out the window. There was always something alive in Tony’s eyes, but it had been fading, lately. He hoped there was something to this lead. Otherwise, it may shatter his mate further. Steve sighed. It wasn’t only him who need some new hope. They both needed something to grasp onto, help keep them going. Steve took Tony’s hand, and Tony held on tightly.
She opened her eyes, not knowing when she’d closed them. They were in a car garage. Papa opened the door to a black SUV and strapped her into the car seat.
Steve hadn’t quite warmed to Pepper, but he was never unkind or rude. Most omegas would be far worse. That snarling earlier was more a scare tactic, than it was warning before an attack. It wasn’t like Steve, though, even off of a heat. It was concerning.
Suddenly, another alpha dropped down behind the assailant, before choking him into unconsciousness. A scarf was tied around his face. Black pepper and rosemary touched Steve’s nose. He knew that scent.
The week passed by in a quiet manner he saw little Bruce and Edith. He only saw Tony when he got up in the morning. At times he missed his alpha but Tony was working on finding ways to help their pup, so he couldn't be angry. His regularly scheduled nap was disrupted by Tony nudging him awake.
Steve didn't stop the destruction. It was easier to focus on Tony's mental break than what Piper had said. The scent of blood pulled him out of his selfishness. He grabbed Tony, holding him closely to his chest. The alpha struggled against him, snarling loudly at him.
Tony followed suit. He never came so quickly, but Steve's o-face was too much. Steve sighed nuzzling and licking his neck, breathing in the scent of their combined pleasure. The two were slow to part. Steve whined at the lack of contact. He wrapped an arm around Steve’s broad shoulder, keeping him close. The omega gradually recovered from his orgasm.
"It doesn't matter. Today has gone perfectly. And looks like we're not only one enjoying the moment." Steve looked over Pepper and Agent Hill dancing together. Pepper was blushing deeply and was timidly smiling at beta.
“She’s been cleared, but I haven’t ordered her release yet,” said Fury. Dr. Zemo’s calmness, given her situation, was impressive but incriminating. She only showed some emotion while Rumlow was interrogating her. Once it was over, she regained her composure.
Natasha couldn't read Steve's expression to give her some hint of what to say. "If you don't want this Steve I know someone who can take care of this. It will be untraceable and completely confidential." Something like Plan B wouldn't work on Steve.
They went to a family restaurant. The only reason Tony knew about was it was the few places sold mango milkshakes at three in the morning. The news was playing on one of the TVs.
Her tears blurred her vision. The anger was overwhelming. Her mind went blank as rage took over. Piper screamed.
Pierce watch the gruesome display unamused. The beating had gone on for several minutes, and all the child had managed to do was scream and cry. Quite normal for a pup in this situation, but they hadn't taken her for normal. They wanted extraordinary. Pierce clenched and unclenched his hands. The sounds from the girl were affecting him, but, he reminded himself, it was all for the bettering of the world order. Dr. Zemo stood, unflinching, by his side.
“I don’t think we should be focusing on, Loki. That’s guy’s brain is a bag full of cats. You can smell crazy on him,” said Bruce.
“That’s normal; in the first month, it will fade soon. I only need to take your tempt then we can move on the ultrasound. Do any questions or concerns?” said Edith.
"My daughter is back. How can I not be? I didn't expect her to be the same after what she endured.” He sighed. “Is Tony with them?”
The photo described is real. My description may not convey the true depravity and sullenness of the moment. The image speaks for itself. It didn’t feel right to put the image up on the website. If you wish to see the image yourself go to this link https://www.theatlantic.com/photo/2011/10/world-war-ii-the-holocaust/100170/. Warning these images are graphic in nature.
It only provided her with a short summary of Denmark. It was a Scandinavian country, consisting of the Jutland Peninsula and other islands. The capital was Copenhagen.
Steve put his shirt on, ignoring the tension between the two. He couldn't make them like each other. Steve couldn't be too upset about his mate feeling a bit overprotective after seeing their baby for the first time.
“I didn’t mean to worry you. I went feral,” he said. He hung his head. It wasn’t something he was proud of. Instead of helping Tony instinct took control, making him hide and cower. That wasn’t him. He’d never run from a battle before.
It was a dream place to work for older agents close retirement and those who had families. There was even a daycare a few blocks away, sponsored and protected by S.H.I.E.L.D. It was extremely well guarded but blended into the city naturally. No one would have a reason to question it. Steve had dropped off Piper there before and she hated.
“It won’t be much longer now. You won’t be able to put up this pathetic protection. And you will do exactly what I say.” She sighed, straightening her clothes. “I’ll be back tomorrow.”
Piper screamed into her pillow, kicking and hitting the mattress. She was stuck here! With little or nothing to do. It wouldn’t be long until all the thoughts she tried to push from head came back. There was little to distract from them now.
“An iPad, Lena gave it to me. It has lots of interesting things on it." Winter glared warily at the object. "Her giving this to me means nothing. It doesn't change my level of trust with her. It's just something to do. Do you want to look?"
“Hey, what is it?” The omega’s kind expression was tense in deep thought. There was such stress in his form.
Tony rose from bed. He caught his reflection in the mirror. His hair was a mess, and there were bags underneath his eyes. Last night and the earliest hours of the morning were spent tending to Steve.
Tony pushed him back into the bed. He struggled against his alpha, only to be scruffed. He went limp unable to move under the power of his mate's physical command.
“What happened the last few days?” asked Rhodes. Steve twitched. The omega was far easier to read than Tony. "You can tell me. Trust me, I've found him passed out drunk so many times I've lost count. I know how frightening it can be."
“You’re the most important thing in my life, Steve. Me being here with everything else that’s going on proves that,” said Tony.
Maria went to her desktop, logging into the S.H.I.E.L.D. secure network. "I'm in." She listened to the file, shocked when she heard Piper's name. Until now, she thought Natasha's investigation into the Zemos was a waste of time and talent.
“Fuck!” It was a reaction born out of the pain of likely breaking several fingers. Tony leaned against the wall; his back turned to his mate.
“Nothing, I couldn’t handle.” Steve would happily return to that dreamscape battlefield to escape what he was feeling now. But he had his husband. He whimpered, nosing against Tony’s neck. Tony brought him into an embrace.
Steve looked a tiny wreath. It was perfect. Bucky wasn't much for flowers. For pretty omegas and betas sure but not himself. He wouldn't want anyone to go to the trouble. Tony kissed him gently. Steve smiled softly, settling back into his chair.
They stood on opposites elevator. Steve wanted the alpha to press him against the wall and kiss him. He trusted Tony with that dominance. Those brown eyes slowly raked over him. Steve shivered.
Steve nodded. The omega brought him close to his chest, holding him there. Steve's soothing scent clouded his senses. Soft purrs filled the silence—the delicate sound lulling him to sleep. Tony tried fighting the battle against sleep.
He huddled close to the alpha, resting his head on the man's chest. “Did I take you away from anything important?”
“How do you know how he deserves to be treated? If you knew the things he’d done, maybe you’d think differently.”
They pulled into the S.H.I.E.L.D. facility. Steve dropped his things off in his room before heading to the medical wing. He sat in Edith’s office, playing nervously with the thin paper on the examination table. Edith let herself in. She locked the door behind her.
Tony led him into the jet, setting him down on the couch. Steve cuddled close to him. Those blue eyes closed. His omega nuzzled close to his chest. He wouldn’t be moving for the rest of the flight. Tony yawned. He tightened his hold on the beauty. His eyes closed. He woke as the jet started to descend. Steve didn’t wake even when they land.
He glanced at Hill's screen. On it was an image of Piper Stark. He hadn’t been heavily involved in the investigation around the Stark girl’s disappearance. Hill gave him the relevant details if she believed them of significance. He ran a worldwide agency that charged with dealing with disaster unfit for the average human mind. They went to a secure office.
“Thor please take Loki back to jet where you can continue to keep an eye over your brother while we make our way to the helicarrier, so together we can figure out to handle him. Tony and I will be following behind, so we’ll know if you stray. Is that agreeable to you?” asked Steve.
Steve nodded. Tony lead him to the shower. The two soaked under the hot water. Steve pressed closely to his mate, seeking security in his touch. Tony thoroughly washed him.
“It’s nothing her foot is lodged in my rib.” He stretched trying getting her to move it. Nope, she wasn’t going to move it anytime soon.
Tony loved the timid tone of Steve’s voice. Many were eager to get something from him and felt no regret or shame for asking him so frequently. Steve asked for little yet deserved so much. He was more than willing to indulge him.
"We won't always be perfect. That's impossible when you're married to me. Even at worst of times no matter what they are I will always strive to love you," said Tony.
“You have to learn how to give up control, Steve. You’re used to being in command. I understand how stressful this is for you.”
They nodded. Steve and Tony were lead on the stage. He tightened his hold on Tony’s hand when he saw the audience fill the seats. Tony squeezed his hand, reassuring him that everything was okay. He put on a smile, masking what he was he was truly feeling. The light came on, and the crowd applauded. Steve wanted to hide in Tony’s neck. He was fine with battle, but this was something new.
Steve regretted posing the challenge to Natasha. He would have to be careful not to let anything slip. For the time being, he wanted to keep the perfection of his heat to himself.
Once she finished he set her back down and packed a diaper bag. Dum-E and U would keep her entertained in the lab. The bots hadn’t lost their fascination with her. He picked her up again and took her to the lab and made a play area for her. As soon as he set her down Dum-E and U sped over to her.
He spent hours curled up on the floor. When it finally ended he relaxed, pressing his heated skin further against the floor. Eventually, he forced himself to his feet. He grabbed his phone from the table before falling back onto the leather couch. He closed his eyes. That was all the moving he was doing for now. His phone ringing woke him, answering it immediately when he saw Tony's number. He could stop a whine from leaving him.
Tony woke around 8:30. Steve’s side of the bed was empty. He probably went for a morning run. The smell of coffee lured him out of bed. He poured himself a mug. Tony went through fridge taking out last night leftovers. He took several bites before putting it back in the fridge. Steve came back an hour later. He seemed relaxed.
Steve groan when his alarm forced him from his sleep. His face was plastered to the pillows. He slowly raised his head. Tony was working on a project.
“She's right, Steve. I don’t know why I didn’t pick up on it sooner. But your scent has changed. It’s taken on a gentler tone. Doesn’t smell as chemically as it used to,” said Natasha. The smell of his distress was overwhelming at the time it was all she could pick up on.
Tony wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist bringing him into a deep kiss. The crowd went into a cheer. They went down the archway of swords. The new couple took shelter inside the mansion. They didn't get much peace. While their guests were enjoying the cocktail hour they were doing wedding photos with the rest of the wedding party. When the photos were done they had a few minutes left before they had to go back out.
Steve blushed. The compliment also hit him as a realization. He was a figure of the past. How would he fit into the future? Where was his place?
He rubbed the sleep from his eyes. Steve was comfortably tucked in their nest. He took a deep breath of his scent. It was pure, free of the taint of Extremis. He pulled the blankets back over. Tony groaned he stunk. They both did.
"Please." Steve wanted to tend the alpha's injuries. To make sure the man was healthy enough to continue. Tony released his wrist giving him a slight nod. "Thank you."
“Thank you. Come in you’ll catch a chill out here,” said Peggy. She grabbed his hand leading him into the living room.
He still hadn’t decided which room he wanted to have his pup. At six it was time for them to leave. They said their goodbyes and promised to come by once the pup was born. Steve tried staying awake on the drive home but barely managed to keep his eyes open.
Steve followed Tony to the lab. It had escaped the destruction. Mechanical arms sprung from the floor removing his armor. He caught Tony as he fell from the suit.
Tony nodded. Helping his boyfriend move out wasn’t something he ever thought he’d do. There was a knock at the door.
Hill carefully rocked a shivering boy in her arms. Sir released to straps locking the boy’s crate. Hoping it would crash into her and knock her out of the jet. At the last moment, the boy had broken free. If he hadn’t the cage would have surely slammed into her and thrown her out the end of the plane. When the child refused to attack, Sir jetted the plane vertically, sending them both tumbling out. She barely to catch herself and the child.
Tony yanked it from Rhodes’ hand, ripping open the box. Tony pulled a bubble wrapped package out. A note was taped to it.
“Maria, are you okay?” It was always the first question Pepper asked when she called after a mission.
“Steve a style can be tracked. Every bomber maker is slightly different. She’d want to show off her skills. Prove to everyone else that no one can replicate her work. As her skills further develop and she hones her style it will become easier to track. I’m having Jarvis search unsolved cases in the last few months that resemble her methodology. The more that are linked to her the easier it will be to track the parts back to her.”
“We could get married in the parking lot of a McDonalds and it would be perfect because I would be marrying you,” said Tony.
“I thought you couldn’t hypnotize someone into doing something they don’t want to do,” questioned Pierce.
Piper nodded, making space for Papa in the bed. He took up most of the space. His voice was soothing as he read. She leaned into the warmth of his skin and slowly drifted off.
“That’s how you greet your boyfriend after he’s had a long day?” said Steve, draping his arms around Tony’s shoulders. He nuzzled against Tony's neck, taking a deep breath of Tony's earthy, metallic clove scent. Tony reached over, carding his fingers through Steve's hair.
Steve carded his fingers through his mate's hair, dragging him into a deep kiss. Tony's callused hand traveled down his chest, stopping briefly at the waistband of his pants before yanking them down. The alpha sat him on the counter. There was something primal to his expression, mirroring his own. Tony’s increasing touches melting him to putty. He rubbed his hips, shamelessly against his mate’s.
Silent loss filled the space between them. They leaned against each other drawing comfort from the other, letting the moment wash over them. Steve took a breath breaking the quiet between them.
Several black SUVs pulled into the alley, Agent Hill exiting one of the vehicles before it came to a full stop.
He brought the gun closer. The beta back further into the seat. This either some elaborate lie or this was real. That this was just some washout failing actor that somehow got absorbed into this scheme.
The pup was something non-threatening on which to focus. A break from the restricting chaos overriding his faculties. Every thirty minutes she’d scoot 10 inches closer, but somehow she only took five inches back every time he growled.
"You'll like it! I pinky promise." He kneeled down, wrapping his pinky around hers. Steve returned to his place over the hot plate.
He barely had to get the boy securely under his watch. If all went well, he'd have two super-powered children within his realm of control.
"Only water," he said, then tested the water, making sure it wasn't too hot. He took her hand in his putting it under the running water.
She bit her knuckled, trying to process him. Tony didn’t know who the woman had been expecting, but he needed to gain all he could from her.
There was a slight whimper in his voice, meaning tears were close. Tony could handle angry, hungry, cuddly, and horny or a mix of those with Steve. Crying was too much. Seeing more of horny Steve would be nice. He pulled off his helmet.
He sat on the foot of his bed, staring blankly forward, only breaking from the trance when he saw the omega on the news. It was footage from the airport.
"Make it special. Even if you make a complete fool of yourself I'm sure he'll say yes. What excuse did you give him for coming here?”
Steve was left in the control room. He was tempted to follow after Banner, but he was afraid to hinder his progress. Watching the agents work proved to a pattern for him to focus on. Coulson moved next to him.
Tony kissed her goodnight, leaving the door open a crack. Steve was almost done cleaning up, so Tony helped him with the rest. After watching a few episodes of Game of Thrones they went to bed.
“Show me, Jarvis,” he said. A screen appeared in front of him. The footage played. Tony went thrashing through the room. The rage of the action couldn’t hide the pain in Tony’s eyes.
The director left. Steve set the letter on the bedside table. Whatever it contained, he was sure he wasn't ready for. Steve read over the files on his desk. All his friends from the Howling Commandos were dead. His hand landed on Peggy’s file. He took a breath before opening it. A large amount of it was redacted. From what he could tell, she had a successful career. She’d gotten married and had two children. He’d wanted that so badly after the war.
Steve nodded and started letting go. The rigging broke sending Steve sliding over the edge. Their hand just missed.
Winter smirked, catching onto her doubt. He stepped forward, sneaking his hand to their pockets without a single bell ringing.
The alpha instantly awoke to his name. He bit his lip knowing what they had to do. Steve forced his clouded thoughts into line. Trying to ignore the fever heat, trying to take control. He needed this fire gone. There was only one way to do it.
"We're in a place where we can support a big family. Imagine what it will be like for this one to be the only one like it,” he said.
They went into a training room. A beautiful woman stood on a blue mat in the center of the room. She had short red hair and blue-green eyes. When he came closer, he realized she was an omega. She emitted an aura of power.
Whatever vehicle they were in came to a stop. Harsh winds passed through the grates in her cage as she was taken out of the back the truck. A massive crunch of ice as a large entrance to a facility broke from the ice-capped snow. There was a sudden change in temperature as she was brought inside. She slammed herself against the door of the crate, knocking it off its hinges. Alarms went off. She had no idea where she was going, so she just ran. All the halls looked the same and the signs were written in an unknown language. She easily knocked over those who tried catching her. The bang of gunfire nearly made her stop. A searing pain crossed her arm as a bullet grazed her.
Be slow in approach, let him decide if he wants you close. Tell him if you’re going to touch him. Wrap him in something and let him scent you if he wants. And keep talking to him, and purr. Turn off all other sounds,” said Rhodes.
as an avenger is to protect and rescue – so much of what I do with Jarvis for the team is finding answers. My -” Tony waved his hand as if to pluck out the right word, “
She went rigid when Daddy scruffed her and growled. His hand gently clasping the back of her neck, a gesture reminding her of her place in the pack. It wouldn’t take much for her to shake off his hold, but the shock kept her still. Tears welled in her eyes. She whimpered, bowing her head. The pressure on her neck was instantly relieved upon her submission. Even with her strength, Daddy was the alpha of the pack. She challenged him and Papa, yes, but she just wanted to test her limits. See how far they'd let her go. She didn’t mean anything by it. Piper sniffled, collecting herself before meeting her parents’ gaze.
Steve went into the kitchen. Jarvis put the TV onto the discovery channel. He made lunch and settled on the couch. He smiled when Tony settled next to him. Steve kissed him.
She was brought out of her cell. Her wrists and ankles were shackled. The guards lead her to the interrogation room. She sat in the stainless steel chair. Almost laughing when Rumlow entered the cell. The cameras were likely off. The timestamps would be altered when the footage was shown to Piper's parents.
Steve desperately clutched the alpha. The catch of Tony’s knot had him seeing white. All words beyond alpha disappeared from his vocabulary. He needed the alpha’s teeth in his neck, creating their bond. Steve hadn’t needed anything like this in life.
“As impressive as this is, I want to see her in action. Maybe against one of your other creations." Pierce smiled good-naturedly. He could have been a grandfather asking about the kid’s soccer trophy.
Steve flipped them on. The windows of the apartment looked directly out on billboard. The room smelled strongly of alpha. His inner omega screamed against him being here. This wasn't their den or their alpha. Steve took a breath calming that side of himself. The last thing he wanted was anything romantic from Matt. He nearly jumped when Matt draped a blanket over his shoulders. He barely managed not to throw the man to the floor.
The elevator opened on the lab. It was organized perfectly. On the tables were Stark’s latest creations. Standing in tall glass cases were ironman suits. Their lines were perfect in their sculptural design.
"Steve, a super-soldier pregnancy is unprecedented you have to get checked out not only for your sake but for your child's."
The balance was broken when the callused fingers pushed into him. Steve arched from the bed Tony kept his hips down.
Steve noticed the beta was twitching. "We should be safe here for the time being. Tony set up the security system here."
“I know.” Tony moved to sit by her on the step. "But to do find him, you need to get yourself healthy.”
At he was always honest. Blunt but well-intentioned. She'd take it over Lena's falsely sweet words any day. With Winter, she knew where she stood. He opened her hand, placing the large knife in her palm. The handle was well-worn from frequent use. Winter had taken great care in keeping it sharp. The blade itself was a bit more than six inches. It was too big.
He went to the cafeteria, picking up Piper's favorite foods. Steve came back to the room, placing the tray in front of the pups. Their stomachs growled, but neither ate.
Hours later, Piper fell back on the floor, completely exhausted. Winter stared down, waiting for her to get up. He wasn’t even out of breath.
Steve nodded. Tony nosed his neck. He was quick to bare it to the alpha. Steve shuddered as those soft lips kissed and sucked upon his neck. Gasping when those sharpened teeth grazed against his sensitive skin. Their lips locked, molding to each other. Another gasp was forced from his lips when his butt was firmly groped.
That didn’t make any sense. She found the library. "I don't see it, Jarvis. There has to be something wrong with your programming."
"I've got you."  Tightening his hold when Steve shook against him. Steve seemed so small and delicate at the moment. Tony carded his fingers through Steve’s hair.
“Please don’t tell me you’re going to trap me in a log cabin in the middle of nowhere with no internet.”
Winter woke from the first peaceful sleep he could ever remember having. He was laid out on his side, pup tucked against his chest. His arm held her close.
“Think, Steve, whatever useful information he has Romanoff would have gotten out of him already. His egotistical asshole who only wants to piss you off, so you might kill him. He knows he's trapped. You’re his way out.”
He hastily got out of the car. The baby was pressing against his bladder. They knocked on the door. Peggy came rushing through the doors.
"Hold onto who you are." It was a hopeless suggestion. Eventually, Piper’s true self would fade all that would remain was the scoped shell of the person they crafted. He wasn't sure when he’d completely forgotten himself, but Winter had enough self-awareness to know he hadn't always been like this.
Steve slept in till noon. It had been a peaceful sleep. The only benefit of his heat was it allowed him to sleep. He groaned when he felt a small wet spot under him. It was getting worse. Steve showered, hoping it would lessen the scent of his slick. He dressed and went to lunch. Steve tensing when he felt every alpha’s eyes on him. As soon as he finished eating he returned to the safety of his room. There was a knock on his door.
Winter left for Smith's flat. Perched out was a camera. He opened the door a crack on arrival. Catching the tripwire set at the door, he stepped over it. It was tied to a grenade. Winter found and removed all of Smith’s hidden weapons. All he had to do was wait for his prey. The door finally opened a couple of hours later. Winter's senses came alive.
“Okay, Piper. I’ll have Jarvis start looking for a frame. We’ll rebuild it from the ground up,” said Tony.
Sir left the class returning with a tray of food. He placed it on her desk. She’d never eaten in the classroom before. Normally she shared her meals with Winter. Sir ate his lunch at his desk. Her nose crinkled at the smell of banana and Fig Newtons. If he wanted cookies actually eat a cookie.
The appalling sound of the beta's neck breaking replayed in Piper’s mind. She accidentally saw a person getting beheaded when her parents were watching their grown-up show. That was fake. This was real. She'd seen the life fade from his eyes. The beta deserved it but Piper felt guilty. The panic and sadness proved too much for her to handle. It transformed to rage.
Steve and Tony went outside. Piper was watching Maria and Pepper playing with Rune. It was clear she was jealous. When she caught them staring, she dove into the maze of large tubes.
Winter was pushed back into the chair. Heavy metal manacles wrapped around his arms, locking him in place. A bite guard was shoved into his mouth. Winter closed his eyes, jolting in his seat as an electrical current surged through his skull, ripping away the memories he treasured.
It made his stomach turn. Instinct demanded he fix it, comfort her. Before he knew what he was doing, he was kneeling by the child, wiping away her tears. She smiled tentatively, leaning into his touch without fear. Then the pup jumped him! Yet, he remained relaxed even as her arms wrapped around his neck.
Piper turned her head when the doctor didn't try to get them to come down. He just sat on the bench, doodling on his notepad. They were used to being confronted, but this guy was making no effort to even talk with them.
“Fine.” Piper hurried back to her room. Steve moved next to Tony, offering him an Advil and a glass of water.
Homesickness washed over her. She had to get back to New York. But now she had a goal where she had to get. New York was her home even if her parents didn’t want her.
Piper dropped from the chair to the ground, discreetly blowing the away the hair blocking the article.
He looked at the night sky. The star sparkled brightly. An alien army coming down from outer space. The sky always seemed so peaceful to him, it was hard to imagine such a threat coming from there. He rested his hand over his stomach. Steve smiled and began purring. He was already so attached to something so impossibly small. Steve would make it up to his baby for putting it through all this.
“I sleep a little sounder,” said Steve. He feared Tony would think less of him for having such issues. The alpha thought he was perfect. He didn't want to disappoint him.
He yelled a cheer for the soccer team playing behind. Rhodes flinched. He barely resisted the urge to fire.
Lena shrugged, pulling up the biological information they did have on Piper. It was old, from when she was an infant. They needed a fresh blood sample. Among the other things, Lena had to figure out a way for the Extremis in Piper’s DNA to activate. That would have to wait.
Tony carefully lifted Piper's legs, tucking the diaper underneath her. He quickly fastened the tabs.
The kid stopped but it was too late. He got up not wanting to be anywhere near Harley if this went bad.
"No, just a normal one. He died WWI. My great grandparents on my papa's side immigrated from Ireland, but that's all I really know about them," said Piper.
Tony spared a moment looking over the images of her eight grandchildren, four girls, and four boys. The kettle screeched, stopping his aunt from asking her next question of when he’d settle down. He readied the tea. The cookies were in the same place as they when he was a child. He set the tea tray on the table. The seat in the kitchen.
That he could do. He regained control over his breath. The panic slowly started melting away. He found the strength to stand.
“That’s a long way off if it does happen. I’m happy with boyfriend,” said Steve. For now, he did want more. He wanted a future with Tony. How would they get there? They'd figure it out.
Lena sat in the chair next to her bed. She shouldn’t be in that chair. Papa, Daddy, or maybe even Winter should be there. There were at least five other people she’d truly prefer.
Harley chased behind him, which didn’t help. The creeping anxiety became too much. He tore off his coat hoping it would release the constraining sensation engulfing his chest. He toppled to his knees landing on the snow. Tony tried focusing on the feel frigid snow under his hands. Any sensation was better than the nervous rush of adrenaline coursing through his veins. It seemed to be working.
Steve raised his head, sinking his teeth into alpha's exposed neck.  The newly formed bond strengthened further. They were content. Nothing else mattered at the moment, but them. Tony turned them on their side. As they waited for his knot to go down he tended the newly formed claim mark. Tony watched as his mate fell asleep. When his knot went down he gently slid from his omega. Steve whined, but swiftly settle down again. Tony moved his mate so he was better hidden. He pressed himself closer to Steve. Tony placed his hand protectively over Steve’s stomach.
“It was the kid,” said Winter. He’d been turning over the question in his mind this whole time. The sudden tension in Piper’s expression was enough to tell him he was right.
The room wasn’t completely sterile of scent. It belonged to someone new. A mixture of cedar, somehow summery, and the smell of electricity combined. It was alpha in nature but muted in intensity, meaning the alpha was still young. Some aspects of his scent were extremely familiar.
“Tony on our last call you were planning for our future. What do you have planned?” asked Steve. He smiled brightly when a slight blush spread across Tony’s cheeks. Steve’s heart raced at the simple reaction. He couldn’t help smiling.
Steve smiled when Tony fell asleep against him. Their bond helped him. His nightmares and anxiety issues became less frequent. Those issues may come back when he gave birth. His body was forced to relax for the safety of the pup he was carrying. He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. His alpha had the same issue. That was something they could share to make the trauma less overwhelming. It would be so much worse if they didn't have each other. His fingers traced over the arc reactor. He would be there to help Tony every step of the way.
Tony started working on the plans for Harley’s garage and placing orders. Harley would have a dream garage.
She glanced down at Steve's stomach. There wasn't even a scar. It was as if nothing happened. "It was still stupid."
“It’s all tall buildings so tall they seem to touch the sky. And nestled between all those buildings is Central Park. A great big piece green in the middle of the city. When it dark is when it truly comes alive. All the lights go on. There are so many you could probably see them from the moon.”
Tony nodded. They went up to the penthouse. The shower there still worked and there was enough room for the two of them. They got into the shower together. There was nothing sexual about it. The touches between them were nurturing, reassuring, and gentle. Tony's hands would stop shy of his stomach. He moved the alpha's hand there, placing his hand over Tony's.
Steve woke up happily surprised when he saw Piper asleep between him and Tony. Frowning at the wet spot beneath her. Distress was leaking into her scent.
Winter moved back, eyeing the alpha guard. It would be easy enough to disarm him. Would he be fast enough to do it without a shot being left off? It could be nothing more than a thought unless given a
Every mind had a unique code to crack, with each project, she had to use a slight variation of her methodology. It required a gentle, methodical touch. Piper required a far more delicate touch. Even once she cracked the code granting her access to a subconscious mind, she was met with unexpected and fascinating difficulties. With Piper, Lena was unable to implant walls and suggestions that went too much against the girl’s nature. It was only a matter of time until that changed.
“I know you can’t hear me, but I already love you,” he whispered. Steve left the shower. He towel-dried and put on a pair of sweatpants, then headed to the living room.
So far, three people knew of his pregnancy, four if he included Jarvis, and none of them the pup’s father. Even so, he couldn’t risk telling Tony, now. This mission was something he had to be a part of. If Tony knew about the pup, he'd try to stop Steve. Steve quickly changed, replacing the scent blocker patches on his neck, and ran home. When he arrived, Pepper was still there, wearing shorts and a cotton shirt. She was watching a holographic image of the tower. The woman seemed far too comfortable in his home. This was his den, where he'd raise his pup! Until he was bonded, Steve didn't want a potential rival tempting his alpha. He shook his head. This mindset wasn't right. Tony would never choose her over him.
Steve subtly sniffed his skin. He was sure he'd showered off the smell. "You have enhanced senses, too, don't you?"
Steve's heart raced for a completely different reason. He nosed against the alpha's neck, taking in his scent. Tony ran his finger through his hair. He nearly whimpered when Tony got up.
“I’ll go get the doctor,” said Maria. Rune nervously glanced toward her. “I’ll be right back, Rune.”
The few times the pup managed to land a strike were painful. She was loosening the restriction on strength, yet was keeping control, directing the power into her tiny fists. It had taken her some time in several broken fingers for her to achieve a balance of strength that wouldn’t cause self-injury.
Steve scowled. They had ten days until his heat.  Since his last heat was cut short it would be intense.
"Is that alright, Winter?" Piper knew she had little to no choice. If she threw a tantrum, Winter would surely be punished for her misbehavior. But she didn't want to drag him into this he if didn't want to. He had even fewer options than her.
Piper followed not wanting risk punishment. Rune was already in the small classroom when she arrived. He looked tired and was twitchy. Something happened. The beta took a seat at Lena’s desk, setting a timer. It was the closest thing she'd seen to a clock since arriving there. Piper tore a page from the easel and laid it on the floor. Rune did the same. She began drawing. Rune picked up a crayon and began to scribble. Rune’s state had to due to the visitors. That beta that was supposed the be watching them was hardly paying them any mind.
“I’m not trying to change him. If he makes changes, it's his choice. But that’s not my goal,” said Steve. He enjoyed who Tony was.
Steve snarled. If anyone tried to harm his pup he'd kill them. There would be no mercy."I won't let that happen!"
He barely managed to catch Killian’s fist. Steve clamped down on it. The bone crunched under his touch. The alpha released his hold his neck. Steve struck the alpha. He tried to reach Pepper only to be grabbed. Killian threw him into a cell a glass cell. The pulled a syringe from his pocket. The orange liquid inside it glowed.
Steve's brows furrowed as he worked through his labor pains. Tony got into the bed with his mate, moving behind him so Steve could brace against him. He massaged Steve's lower back trying to relieve the ache. The omega collapsed against him in a temporary state of relaxation.
Turner took a breath. This issue had been dormant for some time now. One session wouldn't be enough to lift Steve of this burden. They moved on, touching on easier topics.
The comment caught Tony off guard. It also revealed a great deal of how Steve was used to being treated. Shit, what had he gotten into? If he backed down, Steve would take it as a rejection. But his inner alpha was already infatuated with the beauty. The omega bared his long to him. Tony brought his nose to gorgeous, exposed flesh. His eyes dilated at the scent. A mixture of honey and vanilla. Nothing had ever smelled so alluring. Any other omega's scent was foul compared to Steve's. Tony nearly lost it when the fresh scent slick reached his senses. It was this good in preheat what would be like when the time came. He tensed briefly when the omega nosed against his throat but allowed the motion.
Trinkets were gifts given to omegas from alphas as a show of gratitude for being allowed to join them in heat. It was the first given to him. He played with it. Steve hadn't thought he get one. They had no previous relationship.
As soon as he undid the bands, she stilled allowing him to change her with little fuss. Once a fresh diaper was on she was back to rolling around. He got up from bed, taking Piper with him. They went into the kitchen. There were signs that Tony had been there. The alpha had an inability to put his dishes into the washer even though the machine was only feet away from the sink.
She silently stepped into the room, bag in hand. The woman was dressed in sweatpants and an old sweater.
When he tried to put her down she clung to him. What was this touch? It was too weak to inflict damage or pain. Too loose to be a sleeper hold. What was this? What was its function?
In simple terms, Schrödinger states that if you place a cat and something that could kill the cat (a radioactive atom) in a box and sealed it, you would not know if the cat was dead or alive until you opened the box, so that until the box was opened, the cat was (in a sense) both "dead and alive".
Steve noticed the blankness in her gaze. That spark that was in her eyes when she'd spoken to Rune was gone for the moment. Now, she looked tired.
Tony sat at his lab table, flipping the envelope over in his hand. It had given him nothing but questions. The only thing Jarvis could tell him about it was it sixty to seventy years old.
He gasped letting going of the pillow. His pain scale with his contractions was two to six pain level. Now it was at ten.  It had been decades since he'd last felt anything at this level suffering. He was panting.
"No." Even if he did, she'd just make another. He put the figure back into the castle. "So, is Elsa his girlfriend?"
Steve tucked his phone into his pocket. He went to find Piper. Passing through the kitchen, where Rune, Pepper, and Maria were baking. Rune loved cooking and baking. Piper could care less but would sometimes help out. He found Piper in the library with Bruce.
Piper's case was unique to Lena's others. It wasn't as simple as erasing a memory or greasing the mind to act out of its normal behaviors with her. No, this was creating an entirely new persona within an already existing one, without allowing one persona to overwhelm another. The goal was a perfect balance between the two sides, allowing for intellect to stream through, but mandated control to remain.
Natasha sighed. There was nothing she could do but accept that she didn’t have access to that piece of information. If too many knew all the secrets S.H.I.E.L.D, it wouldn’t function as an organization. Steve should know the information that regarded him.
“Closet,” said Jarvis. Steve wrapped the towel around his waist. He went to the closet. It was bigger than his apartment at S.H.I.E.L.D.
“You're fine.” Keeping a kid awake on sugar rush wasn't his best idea. He'd more sugar than that in one sitting as a kid, so he could stay up and work on a project, but that was before discovered coffee.
Steve blushed. Tony took the empty seat beside him. He brushed his fingers through Steve’s hair without a second thought. Steve purred in response.
Winter took the tray, pausing when he saw the pup hungrily staring at it. He ate half before sliding it to her. The pup poked at the food before hesitantly taking a bite. Watching her disgusted expression, an unfamiliar gesture pulled at his face. He had long since stopped tasting his food and tried eating it as quickly as possible. The expression faded before the pup noticed. She was staring at his arm, again, in that unsettling way. Scientists had poked and prodded at him his entire known life, but he’d never been bashful about their fascination. Winter growled softly.
He walked her outside, carrying the case containing the samples. A car was waiting for them. An older boxy alpha stood by the car. Stark handed him the case.
Steve was slow to rise from bed. He hadn’t slept well. Old memories haunted his nights. His hand slid underneath the pillow, snatching Howard's letter. He traced the old envelope. Steve tried several times to open, but couldn't, fearing what it may contain. He hid it away, knowing he'd only seek it out and fail to open it again, before stowing it away. Maybe tomorrow he'd have the courage to open it. He changed into his exercise clothes. He found the gym with little difficulty. Most of the equipment was new to him. He went to the outside track. The fresh air helped clear his mind. He ran for hours then showered. His stomach growled loudly. He went to the kitchen and filled his tray with a large pile of food. Steve took a seat at an out of view table, hoping people would take it as a sign to leave him alone.
“It’s so cold out there,” whimpered Piper. She wanted to cry. Tears were blurring her vision. No, she couldn’t cry! She couldn’t be weak. Winter taught her not to show tears. “He’s all alone.”
“Maybe if you are extremely good,” he said. Tony turned him in his chair. Looking over him with a hungry predatory gaze. Steve shivered with want. For an alpha to gaze at him like that was a thrill. Heat rose in cheeks.
The alpha's thrust grew deeper. All he could do was moan as the alpha worked him. His nails digging into Tony's back as the alpha's knot tugged at his sensitive rim.  Steve screamed reaching release as the alpha's teeth sunk into his neck.
Her eyes locked on his. Using her name was the fastest way to pierce through whatever thoughts were clouding her mind.
The next morning Steve packed a bag for their trip. He slept for the entire flight. When they got to their hotel he did his normal pace around the room, checking for danger.
A blast shot past him, nearly striking the nesting couch. Steve snarled. That nesting couch was a source of comfort for both of them! Steve thoroughly checked his nest for any signs of damage. It was safe!
With that, the transmission ended. Pierce's reaction was what it was supposed to be. The man's face had remained sullen and expressionless. On the few occasions, Fury had witnessed a crack in Pierce’s exterior, it was due to rage. But, this time, Fury caught the flinch of concern. Pierce had shown nothing but indifference and annoyance to Piper's kidnapping until now. There were disturbing implications.
Steve cleaned his paintbrushes then went to fetch his alpha. Tony was so absorbed in his work he didn’t notice him. He took a seat on the lumpy couch. Watching his alpha work was calming. His eyes closed in a deep sleep.
She didn’t know what was going with herself. Anger like this was something she never dealt with before. Was it only from being here? Was it changing her into an angry person? She whimpered. Another part of her chipped away. How much longer until she wasn’t her?
When they fell into the bed, the exhaustion of the last few days struck them full force and sleep came instantly.
After an episode of Blue Planet was over he went to their bedroom. Tony was already was asleep. By some miracle, his morning sickness wasn't acting up. He got into bed, but couldn't get comfortable. At this point, he was worried he'd wake Tony.
He went to the master bedroom, but it was empty. If Tony wasn’t here, he must be in the lab. Steve found the alpha asleep at his desk and easily lifted him. Sleeping on the lumpy couch couldn’t be good for Tony’s back, so, instead, Steve pushed open the lab door and carried Tony into their bedroom. Steve laid the alpha on the bed, taking off his shoes. He tucked Tony in. Instinct told him to join Tony, but he left the sleeping man. A quick lap around Central Park, then back home to make breakfast, would do more to calm his nerves. Before leaving, he kissed Tony, running his fingers through Tony’s hair.
Tony was wearing a brace. Steve got into the wheelchair. He was only wearing boxers. It felt as if he was wearing a diaper with all the padding.
Steve watched as another Mandarin message. The phone went unanswered and shot the poor accountant in the head. His hands fisted there was nothing he could do. He'd made a promise to stay safe. He had to. It was too late and he was too far along to be truly part of this fight. He bit his lip.
Daddy told her only to use this in emergencies. She bit her lip. It hurt thinking of them. She whimpered.
He ran through the Christmas tree farm, ducking when he hit the chain-link fence. The trailer behind crumbled as the water tower collapsed. Water rushed over him.
“What? Help an omega through heat, yes. If this works out, you’ll have the best sex of your life. Once it’s over, we’ll be done. And I’m clean,” said Tony.
“This was a massive waste of time,” said Clint. Steve nodded. Clint wanted to get back to his family. At least by doing this, he’d be free for the rest of December. He looked forward to all that time with his family.
Steve nearly broke the broom on hearing Tony's voice. He leaned it against the wall before he could crush it. Steve had expected the alpha’s prescience sooner, surely Jarvis alerted him to what happened.
“The reason I’ve been IMA is I was helping an omega through a, particularly intense heat. I’ve hardly slept," said Tony. He moved to the sink might as well multitask. The screen followed him. He started loading the dishwasher.
He watched as pleasure took hold of the omega's expression. Steve coiled around him pulling him deeper. He pace became faster and harder as he was growing closer to their final release of the night. Tony vision went white as Steve clenched around him. Tony rode out his orgasm. He caressed Steve’s sweat-soaked skin. Before now he’d always hated this position. It felt far too intimate, but now it felt right. Even in his blissed-out state, Steve looked at him with such affection.
“They likely are connected but not directly enough to help in Peru’s government. Be we discuss this further I suggest you take two of those pills,” she said.
The next morning Steve was surprised to see Tony had woken up before him. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes. There was a stack of neatly folded clothes on the bedside table. He quickly changed. It was a simple outfit. Kacky cargo shorts, a blue v-neck t-shirt, and a pair of leather flip-flops. It wasn't something he'd normally wear but he was comfortable.
"When I went feral, I didn't fight. I let him take them on alone. I've always fought even in that state."
He could face down anything war offered without fear. But someone he loved being in danger was terrifying.
Steve pressed his cheek against the cool metal of the suit. He loved flying with Tony. The moment of peace was too fleating.
“I promise you I never thought of you as a replacement for him. Do you believe me?” he asked. The silence between them seemed to last forever.
Tony’s heart sank. His poor sweet omega. He should have been safely tucked away in their den. Tony should have been there for his omega while he was in heat. If he was Steve wouldn't have gotten hurt.
In the past, she had introduced others to him only to end in failure. He'd killed the alpha she placed with him before the sedative he was shot with could have an effect. His response to a beta was only slightly better, beating him into a coma. With the previous omega though, violence wasn't his first response. Instead, he used intimidation tactics to scare her off.
“Damn sweater,” he growled throwing it aside. Too many layers separated him from that perfect skin. There was a tear as he ripped through the thin cloth of the omega’s shirt. He ran his hand over that flawless skin. Tony would never grow tired of the feel soft wonderful skin under his fingertips. His lips traveled down the long neck to his sternum, taking Steve’s nipple in his mouth biting down. His omega’s muscular back arched. Steve clutched his shirt for support ripping it away.
“SHIT!” He grabbed the walky from his belt. “Start erase procedures now. Enemies are in route. This is not a drill!”
Steve took Tony’s hand, leading him to his nesting couch. He coiled the blankets around them. “I love you, Tony.”
Piper covered her ears, trying to block out what he had to say, unsure of what to believe. Lena had sounded so certain in what she said. It could be all lies, but Piper couldn’t shake the impression the beta left with her.
Tony was too tired to argue with him, getting into bed and instantly falling asleep. Steve closed the blinds and locked the door, before joining him. Soon enough he was asleep as well.
“Not my type,” he said. All the pinups were pretty beta women and male or female omegas. He shook the thought from his mind, his attention returning to the bike. “And now Doris is in a museum."
A deep growl met the comment. It wasn’t Stark growling. Rogers looked readied to attack him at any moment if needed. The omega pulled the alpha all the closer. Only a thin blue line of his irises could be seen. The tension left him as soon as Tony ran his finger through his hair.
"What? No, but I do know it's happening off the coast. Something to do with uh a big boat. I can take you there,” said Trevor.
"Is it unreasonable that I want to spend time with the daughter I haven't seen in six months?" Piper turned away from him. “Do you know how much we missed you?”
"Activate Babysitting Protocol. Get her out of here." The suit shot off the balcony seconds before Steve burst through. He was growling lowly. Tony made himself look as unintimidating as possible. Steve glared at him.
Tony groaned he barely slept last night. The constant sound of Steve throwing up wasn't something that could easily be slept through. Steve's form was coiled around him, drooling on his chest. When he tried getting out his grip Steve's hold tightened.
George grabbed his suitcase, hurrying out. Jumping slightly, the car locked behind him. She opened storage unit 437, taking a key from her pocket.
Steve took a breath, forcing back his possibly unreasonable hope of being reunited with his daughter.
Tony knocked him up on the first day. If Tony found out, he would never let Steve forget it. It was a point of pride with alphas.
Steve took a pencil from the table. Piper had difficulty spelling. She spelled phonetically. She also had trouble with b and d, using them interchangeably. Years of reading Howard and Tony's handwriting made translating her jumbled words simple. She looked over his shoulder watching his corrections before he handed it back to her.
“A mishap in the lab that’s all. Are you going to give me of those?” said Tony pointing the bag of bagels.
Steve groaned. His head was stuffy. Shame washed over him. He’d wet his pants. Steve was a grown man and he’d pissed his pants.
He remembered unmated omegas being dragged from his apartment building on doctor's orders. His landlord couldn't buffer out the scratches left on the floor from when they were torn out of their home. The only saving him from the same fate was Bucky claiming to be his alpha on paper.
"Where did all that passion go?" Winter’s face was blank of all emotion. The fight was gone. He'd given up.
Steve was unable to focus on his surroundings. The anxiety was unshakable. At least he was out of that memory. He was able to latch onto the deep rumbling purr of the alpha beside. It blocked out the sound of his racing heart. He reached toward the source of the sound, coiling around the warm form. Deeply breathing in that comforting scent.
She huffed clearly not impressed. He heard the rustle of paper. Jeri handed them to him. The agreement was written in brail.
“I’m sorry you heard that.” He was sure there was a point where he felt the same about when his parents fought. But he learned to block it out until became normal. Howard and Mom always seemed stronger after no matter how long it took them to make up. Mom won 90% of those fights and Howard always came crawling back.
“That’s a good idea. Maybe I’ll build one.” He twitched when the kid accidentally broke off one of the suit’s fingers.
Natasha let herself in. She seemed to have the same idea, bringing three bottles of wine. She poured each of them a glass.
“I hate to interrupt, but Mr. Stark has some papers to fill out. That’s if you’ve agreed to him being your alpha,” said Fury.
It was perfect timing, too. Pierce would be visiting soon. Lena double-checked Piper’s restraints, before returning to her office to study the newly gathered data.
Steve collapsed. The figment of the memory bringing him down. Steve just laid there, unwilling to get up, but somehow mustering enough mental strength to stand. Slowly he dressed. He didn't want to go up to the penthouse. His chest was irritatingly tender. He had to go. The elevator stopped on their floor. Tony was running around with Piper above his head. She giggled when he tossed her into the air. Steve smiled. The brief happiness was replaced by guilt. He looked away.
Steve debated whether or not to stay hidden. He took a breath, best to get this over with. If this were to somehow get out in the press, he would rather her face him in person, not by the paper or the internet.
Steve’s body would burn the sedative faster than an average person even more so since he’s terrified. “Take me to him."
Steve shot to the other side of the couch. His facing burning. Tony was far bolder than his father. He didn’t think that was possible until now. Steve scowled, realizing how much Stark’s words got to him. A wet spot had formed at the front of his pants. He placed a pillow on his lap when the door opened. It wouldn't fool anyone; the scent of what occurred was still heavy in the air. The director entered. His face remained straight.
He snuck into Steve's bedroom. It was freezing. Steve was asleep. Despite the cool temperature, Steve was sweating heavily. He caressed Steve's cheek. Tony kissed the omega on the forehead.
He was sent crashing into his only undamaged car. Tony yanked the shield from his armor, shaking of impact. Steve stood in the doorway, scowling.
Piper pushed against his chest, trying to get out of his hold, crying angrily when Tony wouldn’t let go. Tony put her down.
"No, matter how far apart we are, Rune, you'll always be one of my best friends. We are allowed to do our own things and but that won’t change us.”
He remembered what Steve asked of him. There were other things to take into consideration. Happy was family, but he had Steve and their pup to consider. Even if he couldn't help directly, he would make sure Happy had justice. He pushed through the crowd to his car. All he wanted was to go home. Maybe a visit to Aunt Peggy wouldn't be so bad. The fresh air would do them good. Clear his head. Lay low until the baby was born. He grabbed the car handle.
“They’re sizing each other up. Neither enjoys making the first move, for very different reasons though. Rune likes to give his opponents a chance to show their own strength, before shocking them with his. While Piper prefers studying her opponent for as long as possible to formulate the best strategy,” Lena explained easily.
Tonight was their last night together. He would miss the pattern they made. Steve loaded the last dish into the dishwasher. Tony had put on a basketball game. He was that familiar with the sport. Personally, he was more a baseball fan. Tony sat next to him. He turned the beer bottle in his hand, picking nervously at the label. Being with Tony was the best time he'd since he got out of the ice. He was having fun and laughing. Everything came so naturally. His behavior didn't feel forced or like he was putting on a mask. He'd missed Tony. It felt like he'd known the alpha far longer than he did. He put down his beer. Steve pressed against Tony's side, resting his on the alpha's chest. Tony's arm wrapped around his shoulder.
Tony reached out searching for Steve. He slowly got sat up. Steve's side of the bed was empty. From the bedroom, he smelled breakfast. He walked into the kitchen and found Steve and Rhodes talking.
Lena wanted to further encourage the behavior. She took the remote for Winter’s arm from her pocket. She hit the button.
“We pinky promise,” said Tony. Piper tentatively allowed them to wrap their pinkies with hers. Papa and Daddy had never broken a promise to her. She hoped it was a pattern she could rely on.
The prisoner would rather have an innocent child die than let them have him. She had barely caught him in time. The boy clung to her. He hadn't spoken a word but still refused to let go.
It was shocking how strong Tony had been through all this. He had worried Tony would fall off the cliff of addiction. And no one would blame him for doing so. He was a hero made helpless.
"Alright, Steve." It was asking a lot, but it needed to be done. He couldn't make the decision without Steve's permission. Steve pressed close to him, lost in his thoughts. Piper stirred on chest whining. “Steve.”
Tony looked at his phone. Steve had left twenty voicemails on his phone. He played the first one, the phone slipping from his hand. Pepper found him like that.
Tony went to check out and bought a cloth bag since it would likely hold up better during flight. A crowd of costumers watched as he suited up. He slung the bag over his shoulder and took off. Steve was asleep on the couch. Tony didn't risk waking the omega. He put the ice cream in the freezer and left the other things out, so Steve could easily find them. Tony pulled a blanket over Steve. He wanted to check on Bruce's progress.
Tony wasn't sure if that was the best idea. He wasn't the most stable of people to be around right now. “I have an anxiety issue."
She screamed fighting his hold. He cringed, hating the sound, as she struggled against him. Why was it difficult restraining her? Suddenly she went limp, and for a moment he feared he killed her. Fear of killing. Fear was something he never associated with the act. Winter relaxed when he saw she was breathing.
“It’s alright. Can’t say I haven’t been tempted. The urge has been stronger than ever. But, I can’t do that to you.”
Tony woke up. He pressed his skin to the cool tiled floor. How did he get in here? He groaned. His head was throbbing. The room was currently spinning.
They finished their hour. Steve wasn’t ready to go home yet. He went to his apartment at the facility. Steve took his keys from his pocket, unlocking the door. He smiled when his fingers graced useless key Tony gave him. Steve changed into his work out clothes. He started his work out. When he finished he took the phone from his pocket.
“So you take the world I love as recompenses for your imagined slight. No, the earth is under my protection,” said Thor.
"This wasn't drunken fueled destruction, Tony. I can smell both alpha and omega distress. Those bruises on your neck and chest. Are caused by what I think?"
“Are these really necessary, Rumlow?” rattling her handcuffs. “You know my threat doesn’t lie in the physical. So why don’t you unlock these so we can have a civil conversation,” said Lena.
Tony slowly pulled out of beautiful being underneath him. The taste of Steve’s blood lingered in his mouth. He licked his lips savoring the flavor. When he recovered slightly from bliss he pulled up his pants. His attention turned to Steve who was still working through the aftershocks of his orgasm. He ran his fingers through Steve’s damp hair. Those hazy blue eyes focused on him seeking forgiveness.
“Steve!” Tony shouted. Shit, why hadn’t he brought a suit? Steve was more than capable of handling himself. Tony had to trust that, and focus on the here and now. He was standing in an apartment with a dead man. He made a call to Agent Hill. A flashing light caught his eye. There in the monitor was a flash drive. Tony took it, sliding it into his pocket. He could handle it better than S.H.I.E.L.D. As soon as he finished explaining the situation he went after his mate.
“Tony, wanted me to bring these,” said Happy. Handing him a garment bag. He huffed this was the first omega Tony had got on with in some time. What had happened between the two of them to send him running to another alpha?
“Can you? Can you wipe out that much red? Drakoff’s daughter? Sao Paulo? The hospital fire? Barton told me everything,” said Loki.
Piper stood on her tippy toes pressing the button for Daddy's lab. She was only allowed access to three floors: home, her playroom, and the lab. Multiple times she’d tried breaking into Jarvis, but failed every time. Daddy updated the AI’s system every time she got close. The elevator doors opened.
They reached the city and pulled into Stark Tower. The garage was filled with similar cars to the one they were in.
Steve was pacing out his nervous energy. Tony, trying his best not hurl, with the increasing stench of distress engulfing their surroundings.
"No, they need time to recover. We'll take them to S.H.I.E.L.D. - only for a basic medical examination. They both deserve a level of privacy," said Steve. For Piper and the boy to have a chance to live some semblance of a normal, S.H.I.E.L.D. would be destroyed if they were placed on the super abled database.
“Yes, they do the bidding of the wicked witch of the west. Once we’ve survived this I’ll watch with you,” said Steve.
“It isn’t only the weight of his parent’s death. He chooses that day to let out all the guilt and negativity that's built over the year. He takes it out on those closest to him. That includes you, Steve,” said Rhodes.
He went to the lab. Trying to keep himself distracted. He itched to call the omega his inner alpha so wanted. Even though his primal alpha urges were satisfied, he couldn’t stop the emotional connection it wanted.
As he washed her hair, she started to purr. Tony dried her off and put her in pjs. Piper was barely keeping her eyes open. He walked back to her room. When he tried setting her down, she wouldn’t release him, so Tony folded himself onto the space shuttle shaped bed. Piper snuggled against him.
“I’ll let you in as much as possible, but I need to do my job without your interference.” Nat looked them in the eye while she spoke. “Too much emotion, things get sloppy,” she added softly
“You really have a lid on it. What your secret mellow jazz, bongo drums, a huge bag of weed?” said Tony.
Steve pulled away. Hand in hand, they explored the exhibits. Tony tolerated his curiosity. So much had been added, since he was last there. There was so much to see. The hours ticked by quickly. Happy honked impatiently.
Tony nodded slightly, acknowledging that Steve's opinion was set. There was no arguing with it. At least, not now. He didn't blame Steve for what happened.
They went to the garage and got into one of his cars. Tony was curious about what Steve talked about, but he didn’t pry into it. The drive was quite a lot seemed to be on Steve’s mind. He didn’t notice when they pulled up to the entrance.
Tony’s heart raced as Steve turned to face him. Their wet bodies were pressed against each other. Steve brought their lips together, cradling his head so he couldn’t pull away. As the kiss deepened their hips rocked together, causing them to moan. The omega moved into his lap.
“I’ll figure that out when it happens. You know you don't have to worry about me, Rune. I can handle myself," said Piper.
Piper was happily working on her latest project. Opera music was playing in the background. She hated the stuff, but Sir had a thing for it. While she worked, he would read or listen to his opera music. Sir gave her more freedom than Lena ever did.
"You want to know why I'm so sure about my job security? Without me, all that responsibility and commitment falls on you. And you, along with this company, will drown under it all," she growled.
Lena chose that moment to enter their room, checking their vitals. She took several samples from them for procedural sake. Lena doubted that they'd reveal anything new. The two would likely sleep the rest of the day.
Steve twitched. Edith and her nurses left. His fingers tore into the mattress as he suffered through another contraction. He screamed into the pillow. Tony got into bed with him. The alpha was wearing his gauntlets. Those cool metal fingers were wonderful against his heated skin. He purred, pressing against their touch.
"It seems too simple getting her into this state. What if someone accidentally taps into this consciousness?"
"I hope so." Steve took a breath. "It's late. We should get some rest. Tomorrow is a long day." He took the alpha’s and leading them to a random guest bedroom.
On TV, a missile was speeding toward their home. The impact was immediate, sending them into the air. Tony sent his armor after Steve. He had to protect them.
As amazing as Paris and Amsterdam were they Once breakfast was finished it was to the airstrip. For the first two hours, Steve was cranky and unable to get comfortable but eventually managed to fall asleep. Hopefully, his mate slept for the rest of the flight and he did. Steve gave him a death glare when he found he had to go on a boat. It was night when they got there. Steve found there nearest bed and fell into it, not caring to take in his surroundings.
The gentle crash of the waves against the shore was the only sound between them. He expected questions. Instead, he was given an apology and promised his secret wouldn’t be exposed. It was all he wanted and more. The grief of the moment hadn't lost its potency. Steve became lost in the peaceful sound of Tony’s heartbeat and purr. They stayed like the for some time neither, wanting to move. Steve sighed; he was getting too close. He got up.
Music played over its intercoms. Tony came flying toward them, hitting Loki with a blast. Tony landed in front of Steve. Multiple weapons emerged from his suit.
Natasha was packing up her things. She’d been watching the Zemos for months and they’d done nothing worthy of her suspicion. It was time for her to move on. Fury wanted her skills employed on other matters. But it was difficult to give her full attention to an assignment when her beloved goddaughter was missing.
As soon as they got home, Tony went to the lab. Steve followed him. He took a seat on the lumpy couch.
Piper quickly opened it. It was loaded with educational apps. She soon discovered it was only a simple touch screen, though. It had no further functions than to collect her answers and send them off somewhere. There was no Internet access. What would she do if it did have more functions? She could make nothing useful out of its parts.
She tried to keep in mind Rune’s warning. There had to be a reason for Rune’s fear. Physical beatings wouldn’t be enough to break him. But she’d yet to find the threat that made Rune so terrified on the man. Rune wouldn’t lie her, but now and then she found her guard dropping around Sir.
She smiled at him. “I knew I was being released today but wasn’t expecting you. What’s made you change your mind?”
“Yes, and I’ll be your physical care doctor for as long as you wish. The mind isn’t my field of study. I can recommend a list of S.H.I.E.L.D psychiatrists to the director. On the topic of the director, he wishes to speak with you. I can stall him if you want,” said Edith.
Piper shivered. Would she end up an almost mindless tool like him, with no free will? It was terrifying. She bit her lips so hard that it bled. But the pain distracted her from the near devouring fear. It allowed her to think.
"I'm not permitted," said Winter. A protocol he appreciated. It was a burden he did not want. Life was easier that way. He wished the child wasn't weighed down by having this feeling. At least, in this circumstance. "Don't waste your tears on them."
The rest of their honeymoon passed peacefully with moments of intense passion. Steve spent most of his days on the beach drawing beside Tony in a chair. It came to end all too soon, but he was ready to home, get his den order.
"I don't have much of a taste for it. The only time I've ever had wine during communion," said Steve.
There wasn't a single science or math. What made history so important? It wasn't emphasized by Lena. Another strange subject was economics. It was far more than had ever been offered. Normally she was only given a few classes. But it was a disappointment not having something she excelled and enjoyed. Science and math were some of the few things she had to look forward to.
The design was simple, child’s play for him. With a click, the collar fell away with a loud clunk. Steve bared his neck. Tony’s canine sharpened, wanting to mark the omega as his. Never before had an omega so tempted him to claim. He sucked a mark onto Steve’s neck, causing him to shiver and purr in pleasure. It was not enough for either them, but it had to be. A symbol on the man uniform caught his eye, Hydra.
It wasn’t a suggestion or request, but an alpha command. Steve nodded. Their lips met in a gentle kiss. Tony let him set the pace. Steve slowly pushed his tongue into Tony’s mouth. The action was so foreign to him. Soon he became lost in the motion, his arms wrapping around Tony’s neck keeping, him close. The alpha’s hands wandered his form, relaxing him further.
Tony kept running his fingers through Steve’s hair even once asleep. The simple touch reassured him that the omega was really there. He took his phone from his pocket. He hit his lawyer’s number.
“I love it. I think it will help you to have one down here. You seemed to sleep better in my nest. If you don’t want one here, that’s fine,” said Steve. The lab was his alpha's territory. Steve was fine giving him that. But it might help to have something of his here too.
“You were talking about Schrodinger’s cat.” She couldn’t say she understood the concept. All she got from it was that she felt bad for the kitty.
The urge to pee drove her out. “Jarvis, bathroom.” She followed his directions to the nearest bathroom. She washed her hands and went into the hall. The big grandfather against the wall chimed as the handle struck twelve. A new day, she’d beat Daddy’s challenge. Her stomach growled. She went into the kitchen, surprised to find Papa there. He was in a pair of sweat pants, eating mint chocolate chip ice cream.
“Yes, it was an unfortunate name. I never had much of a sweet tooth. That was Loki. When we were pups he spent his allowance of sugar plums and candied apples,” said Thor.
"I'm here for both of you. I always will be," said Tony raising Steve's chin. He wouldn't run for this responsibility. Tony wanted it.
Rumlow charged into the cell, tackling Winter. Winter fought against him, but his movements were sluggish. Rumlow caught the soldier in a sleeper hold. The alpha dropped back, using his weight to throw Rumlow off balance. He clawed at Rumlow's arms.
Steve leaned against the bar. Tony stood next to him, his hand gently massaging his lower back. He nuzzled against Steve's neck, breathing in his scent. The earthy, metallic, clove scent relaxed him. It helped soothe his anxiety. Edith and the nurses gave them space.
If he’d ask that no long ago her answer would be to go home. But now, she wasn’t so sure. There was one thing she did know.
He did as told. Steve despised being spread out like some exhibit in front of near strangers gawking between his legs. He whined as Edith pushed a finger into him.
Tony’s sunglasses hid the emotions, which Steve could read clearly in his gaze. Tony didn't even look up from his phone, his fingers flying across the screen.
Tony glared at Steve. How could he be so calm about this? Phil was one of his friends. What does it matter it didn’t change anything.
The kid tossed the bag at him. He went through the supplies. Harley dropped some clothes next to him.
“I get that,” said Clint. He understood that more than Steve could ever know. His family was forced to live on a secluded farm for their own safety. He could only be with them as a father and husband in that small town, even then he had to be extremely careful. Clint tried shaking away the negativity. “Never took Captain America as cradle robber."
Bruce rubbed his temples trying not to be annoyed by the man in front of him. Thor reached his hammer to sky charging himself with lighting.  Thor caught him in his arms.
An unknown voice among the chaotic sound of battle drew Winter. An omega dressed in a white winter uniform spotted with red. The omega was armed with a blue and red shield. He charged, catching the enemy soldier off guard momentarily. They tangled a familiar battle. The omega slammed him against the wall pinning him place with his shield.
Tony ran to his car taking out the newest update of Mark 5. He raced through the sky landing outside the burnt wreckage of the daycare. Every part of him wanted to crumble, but he needed to be strong there was too much depending on him. Steve sat in the middle of it with his head in his hands. Tony kneeled in front of his mate taking Steve’s hand.
Steve went to the kitchen and made grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids. He set it on the picnic table then poured apple juice for Rune and Piper.
Broken Heart Syndrome - is a temporary heart condition that's often brought on by stressful situations, such as the death of a loved one. People with broken heart syndrome may have sudden chest pain or think they're having a heart attack. There's a temporary disruption of your heart's normal pumping function in one area of the heart. The remainder of the heart functions normally or with even more forceful contractions. Broken heart syndrome may be caused by the heart's reaction to a surge of stress hormones.
"Be easy on your, Papa little one. He helped save the world for you can't you give him a break," he said.
“It was something from the past. And I tried getting rid of it so many times. You don’t know how much I regret keeping it,” he cried.
He could ask her the same question. It wouldn't surprise if him she'd been waiting up for him. She'd made her intentions clear.
"That Steve went into early labor. It was the believable excuse I could say given his reaction," said Pepper.
“Your body hasn't shown any signs of rejecting the pregnancy. It sees the embryo as part of you. This is only a prediction,” Edith cautioned, “but I believe, since it’s half super-soldier, it will only have half of your capabilities,” said Edith.
She smiled brightly. This was more than mimicking behavior. Piper was teasing him. No, he was overthinking this.
That deep alpha voice sounded familiar, but she couldn’t place it. Where did she know it from? Piper tried sitting up, but her limbs wouldn’t budge. She sniffed. Along with the alpha, there was a beta.
A car pulled up from the garage. Its doors opened. Rhodes clutched the armrests for dear life as Tony drove.
What turned out to be the most fun was firearms. The class was mostly focused on sniper scenarios. It was calculations. Figuring out winds speeds, drag, distances, along with other variables. She'd worked with such basic elements like this before, but, never like this.
“Fun fact before he built rockets for the Nazis the idealistic Wernher von Braun dreamed of space travel. He star gazed. Do you know what he said when the first U2 hit London? The rocket performed perfectly just landed on the wrong planet,” said Maya.
Steve smiled before walking away. He went to the elevator, turning red when memories of their time there came back. Heat warmed his cheeks. Would he ever be able to enter this elevator without thinking of that moment? He went into the master bathroom and got in the shower. Jarvis set it to the perfect temp. Opening the lavender-scented body wash, he soaped up. Tony only bought lavender soaps. The alpha loved how it complimented Steve’s natural scent. Steve soaked under the hot spray, running his hand lovingly over his stomach, and purred. It was only blood family he had. He prayed his pup's family would include Tony.
He kissed Steve on the cheek. The omega pulled him down for a deeper kiss. He went to the lab to work. Days passed by smoothly.
That whimpered sound pried at Winter's instinct protect. A latent compulsion he wasn't aware of before now. It caused a splintering pain spread through his head, but he forced it back. This was nothing compared to what he'd been through. Thankfully, this new ache whatever it maybe would be wiped from his memory. He'd killed omegas before.
He closed the door behind her. Happy placed the case in the front seat with him. He didn’t get why Tony thought this woman was a danger. She was a good-looking gentle-faced omega. Edith didn't have the element of danger that Natasha carried with pride.
“I can read about a thousand words per minute. Nothing too amazing. The world’s fastest reader could read twenty-five thousand words a minute.”
Steve preferred calling it that, ‘going dark’. It felt less broken than ‘PTSD’ or ‘having an episode’.
“It’s not that I’m not flattered Fleur you’re a beautiful girl, but I’m a committed relationship,” said Steve.
The kids ran, charging toward it. For the first time, the pups actually acted like children, exploring to their hearts’ content. Both Steve and Tony smiled when they heard them laughing.
There was a small circular bruise over Steve's womb. At the center of it was a small prick. It could have easily gone unnoticed by the nurses.
“The train,” said Steve. It was recurring. Almost every day, one of the worst moments of his past came flashing back to life. He deserved it.
“I want you to take another test, Steve. There’s a slim chance of it being a false positive, but I want to be sure,” she said.
“I don’t know why you insist on doing this the old fashion way. I got you kitchensmith for a reason,” said Tony.
The omega's brow furrowed. He wanted to say something but was incapable. There was a desperateness to his expression.
Carl told her about his mother and her penguins. The story was too much of a coincidence. Or was she being overly paranoid?
, escape. But what if he turned into a different person? She'd rather he stay like this than to lose him. That felt selfish, but it was true all the same.
Piper came trotting out into the kitchen wearing a gray dinosaur onesie. She roared before taking her place at the table.
Steve sat in an overgrown garden. It was crowded with butterfly bushes and honeysuckle. Butterflies fluttered lazily from flower to flower. Wild bees sped through the floral air, collecting nectar. He envied how unaware the insects were. For a moment, his thoughts strayed from the stress.
The omega’s eyes closed. Medics attended Steve's wounds under Tony's watchful eye. When done Steve lay in bed. Monitors watched both Steve's and their pup's vitals. It was a risk taking Steve here but he couldn't take him anywhere else. Normal hospitals couldn't care for him. He would have to hack and remove whatever information S.H.I.E.L.D. gathered from this visit. Tony tensed when someone entered their room. He moved in front of the bed.
Compsognathus - is a genus of small, bipedal, carnivorous theropod dinosaur. Members of its single species Compsognathus could grow to around the size of a turkey. They lived about 150 million years ago, during the Tithonian age of the late Jurassic period.
“Wedding gifts. They’ve been coming in all week. Don't know what we're going to do with all of it,” said Steve.
Steve woke early the next morning. Groaning, when he realized Tony was still inside him. How long ago was their latest round? It couldn’t have been too long ago. He couldn’t remember. It all blended in a blissful sexual haze. Steve pulled away, cringing as cum oozed from between his legs. Patches of dried slick and cum spotted his skin. He sat up slowly, flinching at the intimate ache between his legs. Why was he the closet?
Tony caught a mere glint of metal. Only having seconds to process, his watch transformed into a gauntlet, catching the shield. The resonating clang echoed uncomfortably through the bedroom. Tony softly dropped the shield to the floor.
, but we're in a position where we can't be reckless. We have a daughter to consider. She needs us. This isn't instincts or hormones speaking, Tony. I'll do anything to protect my child! My priorities have changed. Yours should have too."
Bruce jumped, scrambling to find his glasses, surprised when he saw the pouting toddler sitting on the floor.
Papa was in his 90's. Winter smelled sorta like Papa. Maybe it was possible. Piper clenched her fists. She thought too much or her parents today. It made her heart hurt thinking of them.
“The paint will survive almost anything. And I added a stealth coloration and camouflage setting,” said Tony.
The penthouse was empty. He went to the elevator and went to the lab. Tony was asleep at his work. Mark 5 in process of being repaired. There was no anger. Tony needed this part of himself. His mind needed to be constantly worked.
She took her parents’ hands as they went down to the garage. Piper glared at the car seat, but she buckled herself in anyway. She looked out the window, trying to figure out where exactly they were going. Piper screamed with joy when they pulled into the FDNY Firehouse Engine 54, smiling brightly as they exited the car.
“I’m sorry but I got a best friend in a coma and he might not wake up. Do you have the answer to that? You are still going to down, pal.”
“You have no idea what you’re doing to me,” said Tony, running his fingers through Steve’s damp hair.
"Right away. Would you want me to set one for you? You have a pension for becoming lost in your paintings," said Jarvis.
“You helped him through his heat, but if it was just that, you wouldn’t be here. You’ve fallen for him,” she said.
“Before we get started. I want you to be completely honest with me. I’m not here for self-promotion. Nothing said here will leave this room. I will sign whatever you want to assure you of that.”
He forced it open. The door groaned and creaked under his strength. The room was filled with large stainless steel crates. He jumped onto the catwalk above.
He finished the drill. Steve waved goodbye to Rory. He hoped the young omega would become an agent he had spirit. Steve would make sure the alpha who insulted them would be properly punished. His phone vibrated in his pocket.
Of course, alphas like that still existed. It was too much to hope they were gone. Alphas like that were no fan of him.
Steve was abruptly dropped off at the jet. Tony speed off before he could say goodbye. He tried not to let his disappointment show.
“Tony Stark and Steve Rogers have you come here to enter into marriage without coercion, freely and wholeheartedly?”
“If he wakes up restrained it will scare him. Then there’s no predicting what he may do,” said Tony.
Tony rubbed his eyes. He could already feel the weight of the future sleepless night bearing down on his shoulders. He was a human living with two super soldiers. Tony kissed Steve one more time before leaving. He quietly went downstairs to the basement.
I'm trying to think of someone that would sing at Steve and Tony's wedding, but I'm drawing a blank. Any suggestions?
A crash forced Tony from his sleep. He crept into the kitchen. Steve’s posture was low and threatening, prepared to attack at a moment’s notice. His shield was at the ready. Tony wished he knew what the omega saw instead of the safety of their home. First priority was securing Piper. He didn't want her anywhere near this. Tony didn't believe Steve would hurt Piper even like this, but he couldn't take that risk. He retreated to the bedroom. Mark 5 slid out from underneath the bed. It unfolded. He wrapped Piper in a blanket. From the bedroom, he heard the destruction caused by his distraught omega. He silenced Piper with a pacifier. Tony placed her in the suit. Buckles wrapped around her, keeping her supported as the suit stood. It enclosed around her.
"I'm sorry for not see it sooner." He cautiously approached his mate, gently touching their foreheads. "I love you, Tony."
"It shouldn't but it just some stupid thing does. Omegas and alphas are treated differently. Even though they can do the same things, but a lot of times, people will choose an alpha over an omega. And when they do choose the omega they get paid less.”
"Not hungry," said Steve. Tony grabbed a box of crackers, placing it in front of him. Steve humored him. He opened a box and ate a few. "There I ate."
Steve shifted, so he rested on his back. He kept Alpha’s hand over his stomach. Steve so wanted to give alpha a pup. That would show challengers this alpha belonged to him. There would be challengers, considering how powerful Alpha was. He wouldn’t share. This alpha was his! He bared his neck to Alpha and whined.
“The largest donation so far is 100 million, which will go toward 400 million dollar expansion,” said Pepper.
Steve leaned against the car door, letting the wind hit his face. By the time they got home his slick had soaked through his pants and wetted the leather seat of the car. Tony was growling deeply. The scent of the alpha’s arousal sunk into his sense. Those deep brown eyes had gone wild with lust. Steve purred. He quivered with anticipation.
“I have difficulty trusting people with my things. I would have scrapped Arm if it hadn’t proven useful. He was a prototype for Dum-E, but had an unintentional talent for folding clothes,” said Tony.
“Mm, I somewhat. Each part has its purpose, however complicated it is. It's all rather exact. There’s nothing out of reason, compared to the life sciences.”
Tony stared at the image of Steve Rogers, taking in his features. He'd seen the omega a thousand times before but never truly looked at him.
“You are beautiful,” said Tony. Steve blushed, hiding his face. Tony was almost tempted to ask him now. There was little chance of Steve refusing such a request in this state, but he couldn’t.
He crept out of their room and to the elevator. Steve got onto his bike. It had been years since he was last on a motorcycle. He started the engine and speed off to S.H.I.E.L.D. Steve pulled into the parking, freezing for a moment when he saw Agent Coulson's empty parking space. He shook off the feeling. Coulson died over a year ago.
Steve paced the small jet. He smiled when he caught Coulson following his posture. Even though Phil knew, it didn’t change how the beta saw him, which was a relief. He didn’t want people worrying over him. It would make his job harder.
Tony didn't need to see the door know it was barely hanging onto its hinges. Steve needed his space and he had projects waiting for him. “Jarvis, tell him where I am."
Piper dropped the book. “Don’t hurt him. I want to get him out of here too. Promise me you won’t hurt him.”
He never expected to smell so sweet. The alpha's momentary possessiveness didn't go unnoticed. Two alphas were interested in him. Before the serum, they only saw him as a plaything. A weak being they could use for their pleasure. They were surprised when he fought back.
That wasn't home anymore. Home was somewhere else with someone. With Tony. He snarled at himself for even thinking of the alpha. But how could he not? How could not focus on the source of his pain? He stepped back. Brooklyn would be the first place Tony looked for him. That's if he even bothered looking for him. His heart throbbed at the thought of the alpha.
Bloodied footprints ruined the pristine layer of snow. Soon enough they would be hidden. He couldn't stop crying. This wasn’t him. He’d never run. This wasn’t a bully or enemy he was running from, but someone he was falling in love with. He hated how he wanted to go back. How wanted Tony to hold him. There was such safety to his embrace. It was as if he belonged there. His inner omega scratched weakly against the confines of his mine, whimpering for them to go back.
“You’re more than capable of deciding that,” he said. Piper smirked. He’d seen that same expression on Stark. It meant nothing good, normally it was followed by a massive headache.
He nodded. The door shut behind her. He touched the cool metal surface but didn’t try to open it. Even if it was unlocked, he wasn’t permitted to step out.
Foggy told him about the mystery man dating Tony Stark. Matt had thought it pointless gossip at the time. Why was Steve such a secret? The man wouldn’t seem like one to care about an age difference or about what anyone else thought. Steve was a beautiful omega why wouldn’t he flaunt him like everyone else. He knew a non-disclosure act coming his way.
The alpha held his limp arm. She approached his corner, slowing as he glared at her. Piper made herself as unintimidating as possible.
Steve didn’t have a chance to react before the computer was flung across the room. Inhuman sounds rippled through his alpha. So rigid was the agony, it brought Steve to tears to witness. Agony was quickly replaced by rage. He watched as his mate took it out on their surroundings.
Steve liberated several concentration camps. He cried at each rescue. Nothing could prepare a person for such horrific scenes. He distinctly remembered an alpha saying:
She ran off with Rune. Tony tensed when he felt Steve glaring at him. “Don’t get angry. It was the simplest solution,” he said.
She added the finishing touches. The only thing that was needed was the explosive elements to be added and connected. She was only allowed to make the blueprints for that part.
"What happened should be taken seriously, Mr. Stark. The scar tissue on your heart is very concerning. An actual heart attack may cause more form. As you surely know, scar tissue does not pump and contract as well as healthy tissue. It may affect how well your heart pumps blood,” said Dr. Havaldar.
“It was something,” said Steve. He took the album from the coffee table, putting it on the counter, and opened it to a specific page. “This one is my favorite of the two of you.”
The doctors finally permitted them to leave the hospital. Tony struggled with buttons of his shirt, impatient.
No, he would know. The metal springs of the bed squeaked as he sat up. He squeezed the mattress, trying to grasp onto something that would give him some sense of control.  He closed his eyes, breathing in deeply. A soft breeze touched against his skin. In the background, there was a buzz of a radio, reporting on a baseball game. It was wrong. His muscles tensed in preparation to fight as the door opened. A uniformed beta woman entered. Her wavy brown hair was untarnished. She posed no apparent threat.
Winter nodded. It was never too early to learn how to defend oneself. Piper reached her arms out toward him. He quickly picked her up and she huddled to his neck.
“We can get the cube back no muss the fuss,” said Tony. The screen before him pulled up more information. “What is phase two?”
Edith took a breath she’d stopped the bleeding. This proved to be the most stressful procedure she'd performed. It wasn’t only the looming threat of what Stark would do to her if she failed. Keeping Steve under was a difficult. Every five minutes he started coming to, but they got him back under. If he’d woken up it would be the death of them. Steve full healing capabilities returned. He was recovering and showing signs of regaining consciousness. They had to get him back to his family before he woke up completely.
His vision whited out. Steve’s arched off the bed as waves of pleasure swept through his clenched form. In the background his alpha moaned, only increasing his bliss. Steve further relaxed when the toy knotted. They both took the time to enjoy the aftershock of their orgasm. The toy’s knot deflated. He groaned uncomfortably as the toy slid from. Steve blush deeply when he realized Tony was staring at him.
“It’s really not that complicated. I’ve got red in my ledger, I’d like to wipe it out,” said Natasha, getting up from her chair.
Piper climbed onto the couch, sinking into the cushions. The smell of vanilla, honey, and clove were lightly hinted in the air. She couldn't help relaxing. It was dangerous, but she couldn't call upon her senses to sharpen, to be more aware of what was happening. Lena took the seat across from her, she started humming a familiar tune. It became more difficult for her to focus. Everything seemed to have a comforting fuzz about it. Through the engulfing fog, three, nearly silent chimes went off.
Tony wasn't sure when he managed to fall asleep. But it could have been more than a few hours. At two in the morning, he woke to Steve throwing up.  He got Steve a glass of water, before entering the bathroom. Steve was bent over the toilet.
There was a small tremor to his hand. Steve took his hand. The alpha relaxed. A student came rushing out of the room, carrying a large stack of folders.
Piper blinked, not knowing how to explain. "I'll show you." She grabbed Rune's hand, leading him outside. Her eyes went wide at the fantastic playset towering before her. She didn't know where to look. There was so much to do.
"I wasn't shot with a bullet. It was dart containing an unknown substance. They have to run tests and observe me overnight,” said Steve.
Edith stared, stunned at the information she'd stumbled upon. Jarvis hadn't caught on to it. The baby wasn't half super soldier but a full-fledged super soldier in the making. What was even more astonishing how adaptable the child's DNA was. If it were introduced to the super serum, theoretically, the fetus would accept to strengthen itself. This child had the potential to surpass Steve in its strength if it was reintroduced to the serum. If it were any other pregnancy, the body would see it as a poison, and it would most likely kill the fetus.
Steve let him up. He moved away from Steve, fighting his alpha urge to comfort the omega. Steve remained seated in the broken glass.
"Everyone trapped here is special. We aren't the only ones. You're the only one I've met near my age."
He took a breath. "Ironman I can control. If I ask him, he'll give it up, but this no. It's out of my hands, and I hate it."
He pulled the IV from his arm. Steve struggled to his feet, fumbling toward her. Someone scruffed him from behind. Steve growled but refused to kneel. The pressure on the back of his neck grew, but he stood firm. This wasn't his alpha. His legs were knocked out from underneath him, sending him to his knees.
Steve carefully made his way through to medical, keeping an eye out for Kate. She wasn’t a bad alpha but didn’t seem to understand that he was taken. He ran his hand over his neck. Nat was right the flirtations wouldn’t stop until he carried Tony’s mark. He reached Turner’s office without issue.
Tony raised the omega’s chin.“You'll be stained with my scent for weeks to come once your heat is done. This only temporary, handsome."
"She's safe." Even though he didn't know who it was about, it brought him great comfort, but also sadness. Something wet traveled down his cheek. He was sure it was blood until he touched it. It was water. A tear.
A powerful mixture of distress and happy omega hit Tony. He sat next to Steve. The omega instantly nuzzled against him purring cheerfully against his neck. Tony relaxed at the pleasant display of affection.
At 20:00 hours the pup yawned, groggy. They'd spent most of the day going over her German. It was the longest conversation he’d had in some time. When the pup yawned again and began slumping over, Winter picked her up. She drooped against his shoulder.
“No, I’m pointing out the obvious. I don’t think such a method would work on you anyway,” he said. George caught her smile. He was aware Piper took great pride in her intelligence.
He shrugged honestly not caring. Rune grabbed his tray food taking a seat in front of her. The girl’s stomach growled.
From the three paintings he had originally, he’d added thirteen. He didn't know what to do with his growing collection. They’d taken over his living room of his apartment. No one would want them, even if they did he couldn't give them away.
The stench of distressed omega faded, and Tony forced himself to relax too, closing his eyes. Even though he was actively
He sat up, grunting in pain. His face was bruised and his nose was clearly broken. It was his eyes that got her. She'd only seen that shade of stormy blue color once. Locked around his neck was a collar. Could what hurt him also be responsible for her injuries?
"If were an issue they'd already mention," she said. S.H.I.E.L.D wanted the two together. They stabilized each other.
Their power overwhelmed them both. In a blinding flash, they were thrown in opposite directions, falling unconscious.
“Have you ever had someone pick your brain and play? Pull you out and stuff something else in. You know what it’s like to be unmade,” said Clint.
Lena sighed, gently hitting her head against the wall of her cell. She been taken away discretely, so as to not raise questions from her family. Pierce had plans for this. All she had to do was stay quiet, and things would work out.
Steve settled back into the couch. In the background, he heard cornels popping. Tony placed the popcorn in his lap before wrapping an arm around his shoulder.
The process of painting helped him unwind in a way in which other calming practices failed. His gaze focused on the aircraft. His thoughts traveled to Peggy. So many times he'd wanted to call her. But couldn't bring himself to do it. He didn't want her hurt by reminding her what could have been. She had her own life. It wouldn’t be fair of him to interfere now. He washed his paintbrushes and set them to dry on the kitchen counter. Steve changed from his paint-stained clothes, tossing them into the hamper. He put on his workout outfit. Today he was given the task of running exercises with the trainees.
“She’s a super-spy assassin with no power or super-suit who’s skill is great enough to be on the Avengers.”
Winter flinched when he lost feeling in his left arm. It hung limply from his shoulder. Its weight tugged uncomfortably at his muscles. He leaned into the wall, hiding his arm. The hours ticked by. Pup paced the perimeter of their cell a thousand times. He shook his head. Their? This was his territory.
“France,” said Steve. He’d always wanted to visit France in a non-professional setting. Steve would love a chance to see all the art, but they’d be nowhere near the famed museums of France.
Rhodes had to take a moment to stare at his friend. It was unbelievable. Tony Stark was head over heels in love. He would believe it if hadn't seen them together. It was good for Tony. Healthy for him to be in a kind of relationship that made him feel this way.
“I’ve done terrible things, and I’m not foolish enough to believe there’s no blood on my hands. Part of my reason for joining S.H.I.E.L.D. is to make up for what I’ve done,” said Natasha.
“I should be the one warning you. This man is as close to feral as anyone gets. Why do you want him?”
"Your what? You aren't his husband or mate, Stark. I'm breaking all the rules coming here, but you are the only solution there may be to the current issue we are facing," said Fury.
Edith moved a sheet of Steve’s legs. She pulled down the omega’s shorts. Then spread his legs checking how dilated he was.
Tony’s heart sank as he read over the letter. Aching anger weighed heavily on his chest. The relationship between Steve and Howard was more than he thought. More than he could healthily handle. It wasn’t the one-sidedness he thought it was. The letter crumpled in his hand.
“They accept Uncle Bruce…?” Since Papa and Daddy wouldn’t want her, maybe Bruce would. He’d understand. There was still someone who would accept her as she was.
he rejection of her parents shouldn’t have made her any less of a person. She could still stand and fight not fall into pattern her captors. She’d even gone as far rationalizing hurting innocent people!
Steve got up from the floor, knuckles dusted with a dried spattering of blood. He hadn’t bothered with wrapping his hands. The faint sting was welcomed distraction. He went to showers and kept the water cold. He changed into clean clothes. Steve sighed. He would have to try to pull his husband away from the computer and get him to rest for at least an hour.
“You have no idea how uncomfortable it is! I loved and hated the thing growing inside me. It wasn’t its fault, but I couldn’t stop myself. I wasn’t strong enough. It was a constant reminder of what its father did to me! I was grateful when I miscarried!” snarled Steve. He took a shaky breath. Their eyes were on him, alarmed. He shook with anger. Steve took another breath, releasing it. Anger would get him nowhere.
His brow furrowed, clearly not understanding something she said. All the words were pretty simple, Piper thought, except maybe regret.
“We both know the law is imperfect. People …bad people slip through, unpunished. They get arrested and are out again days later.”
Steve's fingers latched to the grated floor, yanking himself up. He kept his head low. Bullets ricocheted around him.
Piper started crying, which made the moment all the more, laughable. He rescued Piper from the omega’s arms.
“I’m sure he would be,” said Steve. There was no way Howard couldn’t take pride in all the good Tony had done. “Maria, what was she like?"
“When I have nightmares it helps to have a good memory I can actually grab onto. Having it under the bed makes easy to access,” said Steve.
Tony looked up a blue line of energy shot toward the sky, creating a black hole. Creatures riding in chariots came flying down.
The alpha gave him a doubtful look. Tony left leaving the door halfway open. He relieved himself. Steve felt filthy. He reeked of sweat and stress. Splotches of dried blood stilled marked his legs.
Tony groaned slowly emerging from sex-crazed exhaustion. Surprisingly Steve was still sleepily plastered to him. Odd, Steve was normally up before him. He nudged the omega awake, earning a growl.
“Yeah, another reason why Bucky was always around me. He was worried one of the bigger thugs would take advantage of me. The Irish Mob kept trying to recruit him, but he always told them no. Buck was too smart for that,” said Steve.
Tony rushed out of the elevator, toward them. He searched for injury. They were fine. He cupped Steve’s face in his hands. His gaze was distant.
Winter trudged through an icy path, yanking open the frosted metal door leading into the base. He scowled when he saw Zemo waiting for him by the entrance; all he wanted was to return to the pup.
Steve hands fisted. They had to be okay. Thor was a god and Banner must have survived. The Hulk must have protected him. It had to. He looked at Tony.
They went into the elevator. Her eyes went wide when she stepped foot in the lab. It was a biologist's dream.
Tony strode nakedly passed him with a smirk. Steve didn’t even try to stop himself from staring. He went picked up the tattered pieces of clothing and threw them in the trash. Steve looked through his dresser for something for Tony to wear. He set the clothes on the bathroom counter. Tony came out of the bathroom ten minutes later. Steve stifled a laugh. His khaki pants were several inches too long on the alpha. The white army shirt was baggy.
Natasha led them to control station. A giant glass window revealed a blue sky spotted with white clouds. His hands fisted. He shook away the building tension. This hadn’t been an issue before. Steve looked around the room. At its center was Agent Hill and Director Fury.
Steve nodded. Piper requests for her birthday were simple pizza, piñata, chocolate cake, and watching two of her favorite movies with all her friends. Nat, Rhodes, and Bruce were coming. Clint couldn't get away and Thor was in space. A flash of rainbow light crossed the sky, followed by the smell of smoke coming from the balcony.
"Never said it was a bad thing. It's messy." Piper shoved her hands in her pockets. "Where do we start?"
“The four of us won’t be enough,” protested Hill. At least, not enough to do this safely, she added silently. Not all of them were superior-soldiers or owned weaponized suits of armor. “We need at least twenty highly trained individuals.”
The frost melted from his gaze. He ran his fingers through her hair before slamming shut the lid closed. Their crates were wheeled out of the room. She tried getting up to see through the vents in her cage. But her limbs were numb and heavy.
Hansen nodded. She got into the back seat of Pepper's car. The drive to Pepper's home was quiet. Steve spent the entire trip watching the scenery pass. At his feet was his shield and Tony's helmet. They pulled into Pepper's driveway. She unlocked the large double doors.
The date of the surgery came rolling around. Steve sat next to Tony. Tony was in bed be prepped for surgery. It wouldn’t be much longer now. He cradled Piper in one arm and held Tony's hand in the other.
Another fractured whimper left the omega. Distress saturated the layers of their nest, destroying its comfort. Fear contorted Steve's handsome expression.
Steve managed to turn on his side. Tony barely missed his reach. He whimpered. His body was slow with sleep. “Tony.”
Tony’s scent was intoxicating luring him further into a lustful wanting state. Steve became lost in Tony’s touch. His knees grew weak as those callused hands worked him perfectly. They sank to the floor. He spread his legs letting Tony rest his between them. Steve dropped his head back, baring his neck submissively. He looked up at his alpha through his eyelashes. A desperate want for his alpha filled him. Steve raised his hips and whined.
She bit her lip, deciding not to ask what was wrong. It didn’t feel right. “Can I be excused? I gotta go potty.”
Tensing was all she could do. She was at his mercy. Her heart drummed in her ears when the blade pressed against the delicate skin of her neck. Piper took a breath. He couldn't kill her. This was nothing more than a scare tactic. She did what she thought would annoy him most: she smiled.
Tony carefully tucked Piper into bed before getting in beside her. The pup instinctively cuddled to his side. Steve took the chair by the bed.
“No, Steve. What we had has been over for some time now. It’s difficult seeing him move on. Reminds me how lonely I am,” she said.
Happy waited for the elevator. Tony liked his current position far too much for his comfort. It was only a matter of time before he acted on it.
Winter stopped, cringing at the scent of the pup’s distress. It was the first time in several weeks that the pup had been consciously distress. Previously, it had only happened in her nightmares. He walked to her bed. Winter wanted to offer her some words of comfort, but there were none he could say with surety. He tried not to get the pup’s hopes up, in fear of shattering them. This place was no place for such a thing.
"It may prove mentally damaging, especially since your heat has been suppressed for so long. Heat is something that doesn't have to be endured. It can be enjoyed," said Edith.
"Steve, I think it might be better if you left." It pained in him to say it. He was sure Steve would understand. He was only trying to do what was best.
Steve nodded. Flinching when she squirted a cool gel on his stomach. She moved the wand over his stomach.
He backed into the corner of the room, letting himself settle for the moment. At his feet was a message.
Rumlow marched to the communications, readying himself for whatever Pierce had to say. When he entered, Pierce's live image was already displayed on the screen.
Banner was uneasy with his surroundings. They were high in the sky and things could go terribly if he were pressed too far. He kept an eye on Steve. Staying close to the briefly familiar was easier to focus on. Out of all the people here, Steve’s intentions were the clearest.
“A few days at the most. We are going to the plane from here,” she said. The elevator doors opened on the garage floor.
Bruce's eyes widened when he saw blue light coursing through Piper's veins. An aura of blue light surged off her body in waves. It was unlike anything he'd seen before.
Tony flew past Natasha, speeding to Steve, landing next to him. Steve reflected his repulsor using it as a beam. Then took off again, knocked of Chitarui troops as he climbed up.
A blade shot gauntlet, slicing off Killian’s arm before his strike could land. Killian crumbled clutching his arm.
Tony took a breath steadying himself. "It was her scent on you. If it was just that I'd been fine. But that mixed with your eyes. I ... couldn't take it. It was too much."
Tony savored the image before him. Running his fingers over the blue harness top. The color brought out the blue in Steve's lust-hazed eyes. He was yanked into a kiss. Tony moaned as Steve's hand tangled in his hair, keeping him close. His fingers dug into Steve's hips when the omega rolled them against him. The scent of slick leaked from Steve's clothes, darkening the fabric of his sweatpants. Tony pulled away, moving down Steve's stomach. His fingers grasped at the waist of Steve's pants. Steve raised his hips. Tony moved the loose fabric down the omega's long pale legs. He ran his hand down Steve's hip, enjoying the sensation the omega's soft skin and lace. Tony placed a small kiss on Steve's hip before moving up.
“I’m not a super-soldier I don’t heal instantly, but someone can simply unplug me and I’m gone. I've endured it before. I don't want that worry looming over us. You have a voice in this if you say no I won’t go forward with it.”
“I need a second to screen for any genetic disorders. It may not be a factor, but I want to be careful,” she said.
Finally, he reached Stark Tower, he pulled into the garage and parked the bike. Steve took off his helmet and set it on the bike seat. He hung up the keys on the wrack.
Killian injected him with the serum. A burning sensation spread through. A fire lit under his skin. Killian put the IV back in his arm. The grabbed his chin.
The room was in a state of destruction. The lights had been knocked out. Winter lurked in the corner ready pounce.
He was speeding toward the ground. This was going to be a crash landing. He skidded across a road barely missing an oncoming truck. Trees snapped as he rocketed through them, before finally stopping in the snow. He slowly moved onto his back, catching his breath. Tony took off his mask. Snow fell onto his face.
It didn’t take for him to get the basic idea. Explaining the tiebreaker proved to a little more difficult. After hours playing the simple game, Piper grew bored and started building a tower of cards. Theodore was fine with the change.
“The Chitauri are coming nothing will change that. What have I to fear?” asked Loki; truly curious to what defense the man could conjure up.
Each of them readied for the rescue. Steve put on a winter uniform, then went into the kitchen. Natasha, Hill, and Clint were dressed similarly to him. Tony's armor was almost entirely black.
