Mary flung herself on the couch. "But isn't there something we can do?"
"What do you want to know?" Dean asked her with a sign.
"Go ahead."
The room was filled with a tense silence as they heard her walk up the stairs. Once they heard the door close again, Dean spoke.
He turned on his heel and walked back to his office. The four men stood there, staring at where the two had left the room, no knowing what to say. In the silence, they could hear the elevator ding as the doors opened up. Charlie and Donna had come in, carrying large piles of food and drink. As they walked closer, the two noticed the tense quiet that surrounded the men.
"I think so."
The three quieted at the sound of the front door opening. They looked toward the door and watched Bobby walk into the room.
The trio made their way to the Impala. John quickly called the passenger seat, much to Sam's chagrin as he stuffed himself into the back. Dean quickly left the parking lot and followed the directions Cas gave him. They ended up in a part of town that was surrounded by smaller shops and apartments. They ended up outside of a small shop. A name wasn't very visible, but there was a pentagram in the window. From their spot, they could see Cas near the front, beside a woman they didn't recognize and Emily, looking at something that seemed to be on the floor. Mary was nowhere in sight.
"Through the front door, and I got back a couple of hours ago. Now, tell me what happened."
"You better be. I also do want to finish our bond. I trust you more than anything. I would love to be bonded with you for the rest of our lives."
"What have they found?" Dean asked as the elevator doors opened, holding the door open so Charlie could exit first.
"Yes, the substance that allows me to exist in the mornings."
"Your mother already knows," Cas interrupted.
The couple got out, with Castiel quickly following behind without being told. They walked through the front door and were greeted by a receptionist.
He ushered the children out of the gym and back out toward the car. The three talked amongst each other over a variety of topics that Dean couldn't keep up with. He helped everyone back into the Impala and set out for their destination.
"Dude, what have I done to you?" Dean asked as he pushed off the wall and looked at the taller man.
"Yeah, I didn't notice anything wrong with her. I'm pretty sure with how pissed off Charlie was about the kids being kidnapped,  I doubt she would have picked someone she didn't find worthy."
"Dude, there was literally a movie about this," Dean interrupted. "You can't arrest someone for a crime they haven't committed yet. And even if they have done it, without physical evidence, it didn't really happen."
"You know what, I left my stuff in the car; I need to go get it," Lucifer said sneakily before standing up and walking out of the room.
A minute later, Dean was once again tense. He knew this was going to be an awkward discussion that was going to happen whether he wanted it to or not. Looking up, he saw the red of his father's face. This was definitely going to be an event.
"I guess it's because I didn't exactly sign up for this," Amara sighed. "I mean, I was supposed to be the cool aunt who spoiled the kids. I don't know what I'm doing."
The summer breeze had started to roll in, and Dean took a gulp of his cooling coffee.
No one disagrees with the logic. If anything, it would give John more time to research into what the thing calling itself Cas really was. It could probably be able to find a computer in the motel readily available. There usually was.
John sighed. "I suppose I deserved that."
Sam looked at John motioning for him to leave first. John turned on his heel, before the three in the room left behind him. Mary was leaning against the Impala with her arms crossed in front of her while taking in deep breathes. She looked over at the four men walking toward her. She put a fake smile on her face that everyone says through.
"What I'm thinking is that this partner went into this thinking that they were helping people with withdrawal. After finding the book, they sent it here. We're not the only occult shop in the city, but we're the only one within a decent radius."
The four continued to study the book in front of them, trying to decipher any meaning from the text or pictures. They were so invested that they didn't see three pairs of shoes directly in front of them until there was a clearing cough from above.
A couple of deep breaths were heard before he heard his brother speaking through the phone.
John rudely inserted, "why?"
"I know, but he's worth it."
On autopilot, he went to the kitchen and put some noodles in boiling water. It was something that he didn't really have to think about it and would be over quickly. He glanced over his shoulder and noticed Sam hard at work on whatever work his teacher assigned his class. He strained the noodles and added the sauce before putting it off to the side and going back to the living room and curling into the couch with his phone gripped squarely in his hand.
"Always knew Sammy was smart," Dean softly muttered under his breath.
Out of breath, Emily continued. "I just thought you guys were just weird people who cosplayed in everyday life. But there are just too many things adding up."
"That's it?" Amara asked suspiciously.
"Right...," Lucifer said, shaking himself out of his confusion before pulling his phone out. "This is the most recent picture I have of them. Doubt they've really changed. Mikey sends updates every once in a while."
"Yeah, I can do that..." Jody said as she wandered away with a confused look on her face.
"Amara," Dean sighed. "Really?"
"I have it here," Amara mentioned, digging into her purse for a plastic baggy with the used test in it.
I have another job to get to. Gotta make ends meet somehow."
"Okay....."
"I'm allowed to spoil my grandchild," Mary snapped out of her thoughts. "There's nothing you can do to stop me."
"Well, aren't you the cutest little thing," Amara cooed at Sam, who preened under her complement. "Did you have a good time in your nest?"
Sam responded unphased by Dean. "You and Cas have that mental connection thingy, or at least it works better between the two of you than anyone else. If you two are separated, we would have better communication between teams."
"No one else was hurt," Charlie butted in. "But still, it has to be investigated.
Having his question answered, Steve found his food much more interesting. Sam, on the other hand, looked much more conflicted.
"Stew," Bobby gruffly answered. "Found a case by the way."
"They were such sweethearts. They were just adorable." Obviously not.
"Did Amara break in again?"
"Yeah, I figured when I heard about you the first time."
"Need some help, Red?" Dean asked.
"The two of you are friends?"
"I guess so," the pup said. "Will I ever see them again?"
"Yes, Sam, I okay. I just let my thoughts get to me."
"Well, they've figured out how they're choosing victims. After Jones, the first couple of victims were all omegas that had recently aged out of the foster care system, specifically in Utah."
"The oldest. He's a prick, honestly, but he's the only one who actually talks to our parents for whatever reason. No clue why he would do such a thing."
Amara reached into the plastic bag that she brought with her and handed Cas a small box. He grabbed it without looking at it.
"I told that into consideration. The amount of spread and the fact that it is practically the same amount of damage to every person. It should be impossible. In general, all of their brains show signs of aging. If I had to guess from just looking at their  brains, I would say they were at least in their seventies."
The two parents stood up and walked into the living room. There they found Emily lying down on the floor with Emma climbing around her like a jungle gym. Castiel was sitting on the couch while Riley was climbing over him, looking as if she was trying to find something.
"Did you really have to say that out loud, Cassie?" Lucifer groaned before continuing his pacing with a thoughtful look on his face. "That is strange, though."
"We were wondering where you went, especially since the girls are out getting lunch today," Benny admitted.
"Thank you, Kali."
"But you don't..."
"You don't have to," Dean tried to console him.
"Alright, we can go. Hold my hand, please."
That seemed to be a satisfactory answer for her. They started looking for an exit to the cemetery. Being caught there we a disturbed grave would lead to too many questions that would not have non-supernatural answers to them. Finding it, John started to lead Mary toward it, making sure that no one would spot them leaving.
The sun was starting to set when the first group of alphas came in. They looked Castiel up and down before going to their seats. They knew he was off-limits... for now.
"Not necessarily," Charlie mentioned. "The story would have needed to get passed on somehow. And sometimes, you don't need to kill someone to taken over. Sometimes, you just need to replace the ideas with your own. I mean... that's what happened in this country."
"Dean! I got a new book. It's about a treehouse. And it goes on adventures."
"What's wrong?" Dean asked, feeling knots form in his chest.
"Yep, said exactly what you told them to," she said as we leaned against the truck as well.
"I'll be right back," she quietly whispered to the girls under the mess and hoped that it was true.
"And she wants to figure out the symbol."
Amara disappeared when the guard was entirely focused on the screens, slipping into the shadows and into the night.
"Gabe, are you there?"
The woman quickly nodded and went back inside. As they passed the door, they heard the door being bolted closed. The men continue down the hallway as the screaming got louder. They finally got to room 5F, and they could confirm that it was the source of the screaming.
"I'll take you home, Cassie," Lucifer said, straightening up from where he was standing.
"Don't have another set, unfortunately. Figured they would have left the rest of us alone since they hadn't so much as sent a Christmas card in years."
Dean stood up, still hidden, took a deep breath, and turned into the doorway, slowly making his way in. "Matthew Colder," he announced as he walked in.
"Nope," Lucifer said, grabbing the pup and putting him on his waist. "I tricked the boss into letting me work from home. You won't tell him, right?"
"Is Cas your real name?"
"I feel like I'm under investigation."
The two were slowly walking up to Cas when the door behind them open, revealing a smaller woman with wavy dark hair with a small boy by her side.
"You got that right," Bobby grunted from where he was still glaring at John.
"The people who live in the forest?"
"Let's get you and my son some food," Dean says while sitting up, leaning to peck Cas on the forehead.
"Can you tell me what happened?" Mills jumped in.
"I'll admit, the balloon one got me," Dean inserted.
"And you're fine with it?" Cas timidly asked.
"If I remember correctly, Sammy, we didn't have to do much to convince you," Lucifer asked.
"If you really think that is going to stop your brother and his partner in crime, go right on ahead and try," Dean smirked, putting the coffee on while Sam was falling back asleep on his shoulder.
"Come on, I'm starving," Amara said, herding the three of them toward the back of the room where they found Gabe sitting there anxiously while Kali was casually scrolling through her phone.
"I'll get to making it less of an eyesore tomorrow. Deal?"
"This is the only one we could find," Mary explained.
"He hurted our mommy," the young boy told him through sniffles.
"Kinda. I had no clue how long it would take to calm her down."
"I was calling for you and you didn't respond."
"If you wanted to know something, you could have asked me."
He got back to his brother's house and called out for him.
"I have the callbook," the mom from earlier spoke up. "I'm the class mom. I can call everyone to pick up their kids."
Cas shook his head, rejecting the idea. "We can get food and go to your home. I'm sure that Lucifer will be standing at the front window waiting for me to come home."
"Okay, guys," Emily said, "I'll get these right to the chef and be right back out with your drinks."
"Do you want to make it ninety?"
"No, you should go. I completely believe Charlie when she says that she'll show up."
"Speaking of him, I should probably feed the pup. At least I don't have to force him to eat vegetables, the weirdo."
"The one you were talking to on the phone."
"We hoped being outside would get them to waste all that energy," Amara explained. "I'm not sure it's working. They should be napping."
"We'll get out of your hair," Mary said, handing Emma back to Dean and kissing all three of her sons on the cheek. "We'll contact you when we get more information. Just hang in there for a bit." Mary gave them a strained smile before she turned to walk away.
"Having people there for you," Mary stated. "I thought I could do it all on my own. I don't know if it was stupidity or naivety. You have Sam, Cas, Bobby, and me. If anything were to happen, there are people there who know what is out there, I'll never know what would have happened if I had someone else by my side, but at least you have a chance to do something different.
"No, I just know him. He's just as protective as Lucifer. Instead of threatening to kill you, he'll just annoy you to death. See it as payback for not keeping him in the loop.
"You know, if Cas was downstairs, he would want you to go to school. You don't want to disappoint him, do you?"
"Ah, so he had to make sure you were worth his time and effort. Totally understand," Amara said.
"John," Mary yelled. Once he was looking at her, she said a single word: "leave."
"You boys back already?" he asked in surprise.
"So I heard you three had questions for us?"
"Aren't you supposed to be a work?" Cas asked as soon as the door opened.
Cas chuckled before putting his number into the message bar.
"We...," Dean started, trying to get his words together. "We didn't want it to affect you in any way."
Before he could answer, Amara answered. "Why don't I make you three trouble makers some breakfast, and then you can ask all of the questions you want over food?"
Once her mother was out of sight, Riley stopped chanting. She faced the older girl with the brightly colored hair and reached out to pat her cheek.
"Now that you're back, I'm going to head back. The two wouldn't really let me near them. I don't think I need to repeat this again, but if you hurt Cassie, I will kill you, slowly, painfully." He ended the statement with a sarcastic little smile before draining the last of the coffee. "See you for breakfast tomorrow."
Emily slowly made her way over until she could see a man's outline. As she got even closer, she saw the shadow of a familiar man's face.
"So, he must be downstairs."
Naomi and Zachariah Novak seen at the gala along with their oldest son, Michael Novak. The two donated several million to an orphanage in Utah, a part of a long string of philanthropic donations across the state.
"I'm a growing child, Luci. I need food."
"Well, these records have your secondary designation on them. If you were really adopted as young children, the designations would be written as unknown."
"You heard me," Emily glared.
"If that's what you want to do."
"What about Sam?" a voice came up from behind the two.
"Only when I have to go out of town or if I have to run errands all day. I work from home, so I don't usually bother. The ones I use for going out of town are powerful before you ask."
"But so many people got hurt because of me."
There was a pause before Cas answer. "I did not think about it. I just wanted to see you," he said quietly.
Emily, during his talk, slowly started inching back, hoping he didn't notice.
"Where's Castiel?" she looked around the kitchen expecting to see him.
"I was just saying that just because I like Sam doesn't mean I won't hurt him if he hurts my nephew. He's a sensitive omega and needs to be protected."
"I'm just getting home. I would just like to relax," Cas said, unlocking the door and resetting the alarm.
"Is this going to be another jab at my name?" Lucifer asked sarcastically.
Castiel didn't finish before he felt a growl rumbling through Dean's chest that he was trying to suppress. Instead of scaring him like it would have when he was younger, he felt comforted and safe. He let out a soft purr as he curled further into Dean's chest.
The guys, somewhat agreeing with what she was saying prepared themselves for leaving. Sam and Dean looked in the trunk and made sure that everything was ready after checking that no one else in the parking lot. Once everything was in order, the five of them entered the Impala and headed to their destination.
"I doubt that I'll see him much tomorrow. Already have enough on my plate, but I will definitely see you." Breaking away from the conversation, Dean called across the room. "Sam," he loudly said.
We believe that Lucifer is a police detective with the Topeka city police, Gabriel owns a chain of candy stores, and Castiel is a school teacher in the city of Lawrence, Kansas. No mention of them anywhere. When we reached out to the Novaks' publicist, "no comment" was the only thing they had to say to us. When we talked to Micheal directly, he only said that they didn't want to have anything to do with the family.
"Fine," Cas grounded out, knowing that if Gabe called Lucifer, he would be on the next flight in. Maybe he would be able to calm the beta down. "So you know Lucifer's job, right?"
"He's always around," Dean complained.
He quickly ran the rest of the way and checked all of the bedrooms. Quiet and clean. He last made his way to the master bedroom, once again calling for his mate. This time he heard a small whimper. Bursting into the room, the only thing he noticed was the awkward placement of the comforter around a large mass, and pillows were thrown all over the floor.
"I'll let you guys get dressed then. I'll meet you downstairs," he said, handing their clothes over and shutting the door behind him.
"At the concentration, I found them in and how long they've been taking them based on hair samples, no. I also tried to see if it could be the cause of some chemical agents they were all exposed to, keeping it as general as possible, I found none of the usual agents. I did find concentrations of hormones at levels that are consistent with the elderly. I honestly don't know what's going on. I've never seen this in my entire career."
Barnes stood up and walked out of the room, closing the door softly behind her. Cas laid back on the medical table, taking deep breaths, trying to center himself.
Lucifer said the last part to Dean before turning on his heel and walking out the front door. He suspected that the older brother was going to stake out the house for a little bit. At least until he was sure, the coast was clear.
"That's beside the point, Zachariah. It's not just about evidence; it's about perception. The prosecution is likable, while most of your 'peers' are just everyday people. You are not."
"We'll make you," he said bluntly, letting his eyes slip to pitch black. "We have to keep up the advantage until one of those children shows their power."
"But I have proof."
"Fine, but you are carrying downstairs."
Mary could have let out a relief. They had been confirmed to be at least human. But she knew, call it knowing her husband even if she had been dead for a while, this wouldn't be enough for John. She could practically feel him about to go on a tirade. He would just do so carefully in order not to anger the strange creature.
"Want to tell me what happened?" Dean asked
Bobby and Mary came into the room quickly to see what all the commotion was. Seeing how close Sam and John were to each other with Dean pushing the two of them apart, they came over to help. Mary pulling John and Bobby pulling Sam to opposite sides of the room.
"It was my parents," Castiel answered.
"What is she doing now?" Bobby asked, looking at the way she was walking.
"I don't have time to think about this right now. Let's worry about this later. You mind getting everyone else up."
Dean walked back outside instead of the immaculate lawn he saw before seeing black dead spots littering the grounds.
"You're a witch," John said bluntly. Dean looked at the man in shock while Sam just simply puts his head in his hands.
Cas sat in his seat hours into the new week of trial, rubbing his belly. He had a feeling swarming in his stomach that he could explain. He looked over to where Abaddon was sitting. She looked much more resigned than she had the previous day. Besides her, he saw his mother, as calm as could be, while his father sporadically searched the room, fighting to stay in his seat. Their side of the courtroom was practically empty, either from people having other things to do or seeing a losing battle when they saw one. He hadn't seen the news, so he didn't know that outside point of view of this case, but from what he saw, he hoped it was that later of the two.
"You lied to me!" he screamed.
"Yes, I do help them through the workday. I'm the little bitch that found you."
"This final spell is talking about taking the blood from 'the worthless.' Then she notes how it is was having better results, saying the blood is the essence of life. Now she's saying the spell is perfected. It's probably not hard to figure out that is is the drug users she's finding worthless and easy prey."
Castiel looked through the photos to appease his brother. "Okay," he bluntly said, handing the camera back.
"Okay. They've stayed with me from time time time, so I have some things for them. Is there any way I could get the rest of their things?"
"John?" Emily said with confusion. "I wasn't talking about him. He's a buttface."
"With an exasperated sigh, "We've been dead for years, John. We haven't even gone to many places yet, but I can tell that things have changed. Maybe we should figure out how to best fit in before trying to do anything else.
"Yes, you did," Cas said with a small smile. "I really want to know what you think about it. Why don't you go get it."
"Sure thing," Celine said, nodding, keeping her face open. As the sheriff walked away, the smile was wiped away. "Can you please cooperate? It's a life or death situation."
"You know, you ask a lot of questions, kid."
"Nowhere fancy. Just getting dinner."
"Yes," Cas replied, giving Dean and a quick peck on the lips.
"I'll be fine," Cas said. "Go on ahead."
"We're here to see you, of course. We didn't really get to say much to each other the other day, so we decided to come here and talk."
Benny looked up at Dean and found the pup hiding behind Dean's legs. "Well, I would have; you're not very interesting to talk to. I would distract myself if I could."
"Congratulations," Pam said off to the side.
"Really?" Kali asked, looking at Cas.
"Jelly. It helps us see inside you."
Dean continued to look on with confusion.
"I don't know. Let's see what's here," Amara said as she ushered the trio into the kitchen.
"We like to be proactive," Dean told her, "especially when lots of people are dying the same way."
"We're saving the world, Dan," Emily said with a light in her eyes.
"Oh, but you are..." Amara trailed off before calling over her shoulder. "Bobby!"
"Wait. Does this mean you know what the baby is?"
"How do you know who I am?" she asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Do we have any ideas of how to get to that witch, now that we know it's her."
"Alright," Bobby interrupted. "Let's get those maps and get out of here."
As soon as the question came out of her mouth, the sound of wood cracking once again was heard. Instead of holes become more prominent, they seemed to melt close as the house started mending itself.  As quickly as it had started, it ended, and with it came the appearance of Cas.
"Those that needed the medical attention are at the hospital under assumed identities. Those that didn't, we questioned at the station. We first interrogated the players in another part of the precinct before continuing to interview the omegas. And there were a lot of them.
Sam looked at her with confusion. "Who are they?"
"It sounded that there was more to it."
"No worries," Emily told her, "We're all tired."
"I was."
"I'll leave the two of you alone then."
"I read books and watch movies. The two of you are going to be having eye sex everywhere. Remember, there are children around."
Bobby sat down at his desk and looked upon his three sons. Not sons by blood, but close enough. Hunters don't ever end up happy, but these three somehow created their piece of happiness, especially the soon-to-be parents.
He looked over at her with a questioning look but she continued to look but she continued to look forward with a determined look.
"It's alright," Dean soothed. "Save your mojo for when we get there. It should only be a couple of hours yet until we get to Colorado."
"Absolutely, Daemon is going to hate her. Nothing gets that woman down. Now, get lunch. This is going to be a long day."
"Yes, and no, I will not tell you, no matter how much you beg."
"The witness may be relieved of the stand. We'll recess for lunch and be back within the hour. The jury will be sequestered away from everyone in the mean times."
"Vanilla," he answered. When Mary gave him an unimpressed look, he responded with "I like it."
"Once you come up with an idea, you be sure to let me know."
Dean had already popped the trunk and was distributing guns and supplies to everyone. Cas didn't take a gun, but he was adept at using his angel blade. The only difficulty was getting John to take the charm bags. After getting an exasperated look from Mary, he quietly took them anyways.
Taking the lead, Benny said, "This really isn't a good time."
"What do you see?"
Cas gave what could only be the closest thing to a sigh before crawling his way out. He headed straight for Amara, giving her a head butt in the side of her leg before continuing on upstairs.
"Sam, what's wrong?" Cas asked.
Instead of responding, Sam let out a puff of air and raised his hands before quickly dropping them. He turned around, muttering about reading and books.
"Mom, you know we saw you, right?" Dean asked first.
Dean picked him up, knowing that Sam wouldn't go back to sleep until whoever it was stopped. "Some mean person who doesn't know the reason for Saturday mornings."
"Not really, wouldn't think that I was going to fast."
"Defense, please bring your witness to the stand."
"Any other questions you would like answered?" Cas gently asked.
"I am, but first, I would like you to look at some photographs," Mills said as she pulled out to photos from the folder she was carrying. "I was wondering if you recognize these two men."
"Now, Madeline, that's a long name. Is there something else you like to be called?"
He quickly opened it up. "Hello?" he asked into the microphone. He didn't hear anything from the other side. "Hello?" he asked again, perking his eyes to get any clue as to who was on the other side. He heard the sound of squealing tires. Not over the phone but from the area behind him.
"Well, Winchester, what do you know about the Amazonians?"
"Darling, you worry too much," Naomi mentioned. "There's nothing that can't be fixed."
"Forensic countermeasure?" Charlie speculated. "Most people aren't going to look out of state for the identity of their victim. Also ensures that no one connects those cases. With the pattern found, Donna and Benny are trying to get foster care records, specifically of people who aged out of the system in every state part of the continental US. They figure that trafficking via plane and boat is a bit too obvious. But, even with the FBI breathing down their throats, it's taking a while."
"Why are you sad?"
"Why don't you stay out of this?" the alpha asked, looking her up and down, not believing that she was going to do anything before looking back to Cas, putting his hand on his shoulder. "Now, then..."
"What about Michael? Do you really believe she'd bring him into everything?"
"Call me Dean. Yeah, it took some time for Sam to be ready for school, especially with the new move."
"Why don't you tell us then?" Lucifer asked. "The suspense isn't helping anyone."
"Can we burn the book now?" Celine interrupted.
"Yeah, she just woke up so she's all over the place right now."
"The thing is, there are still sects of people all around the world that believe that we should go back to those times. Idiot omegas that need to learn their place, but they exist." She said this last part with a shrug.
Cas jumped away from her hand, trying to relieve himself of the cold that he suddenly experienced. "What was that?"
"I highly doubt she would be involved in anything evil." Sam injected.
"There's no such thing!" John yelled while Mary did what could only be called a squeal.
Maddie limped her way into Cas's arms, trying to get comfortable. Once she realized people were still looking at her, he hid her snout in Cas's arm and turned away from everyone.
"I assume that later on, we'll find out her latest spell to figure out what's she's doing," Mary theorized. "That will probably give us the most information about what we need to do."
"You're silly."
"I was thinking about the same thing before I realized that you were over here. I couldn't think of anything."
"What do I smell like?"
"I think that was enough to last the rest of my life," Dean commented, looking at the sleeping baby in his arms.
It was a quick journey up the stairs when Dean was greeted by a closed door. He softly knocked on the door before opening up.
This satisfied the three kids.
"So you're pregnant?" Dean asked dumbly from the shock. From the wide grin his omega have him, we smiled in return. "We're having a pup."
"We found track marks on all of the victims. No sign of teeth or cut marks. It looks less and less like a vampire attack," Sam finished off.
Handing the phone to Cas, he looked at the message that was there.
"Are you not going to eat Cassie?" Sam asked.
"I don't think that would have done it," John sighed. "I was still conscious through it all."
They continued to work while sipping on beer in the comfortable silence both did not know too well considering their history. There was no underlying tension, feelings of betrayal nor having to constantly watch their backs. It was the life both hoped for and wished would last longer this time.
"I just want to protect you."
"What do you mean?" John asked.
"We ran really fast. He caught us," Steve said dejectedly.
"Essentially. In your terms, it would be more like a spell."
Cas looked like he wanted to end the conversation there, but John wasn't about to let that happen.
"Lu... Lucifer... Mom and Dad came to see me."
It took a while for him to find something, having to look outside the immediate area, but that was okay with him. The farther away they went, the longer he had his house to himself. Now, if nothing cam up before sending the boys on their way, everything would be fine and dandy.
"That's fine. I have to leave in a bit anyway. I have to pick up Christie and Steve from their school. I'll just get Sam on the way back since it's closer to the house."
"It looks to be the power of the protection charm that Celine made created some kind of barrier between me and anyone else is around if someone means to do me harm. I, myself, was not expecting it to be as powerful as it is."
"He doesn't even know that Cas is pregnant yet," Sam said trying to reason with himself. "It will still be a while until Cas starts showing. We should have enough time to come up with some kind of plan. What are the chances Dad's going to do something without having some kind of plan."
"You can go with them if you want," he explained to the boy.
"What is wrong with you?" he asked her.
"You two will stay here while Sam and I go to the morgue," Dean answered trying not to look at his father.
"Do you?" Kally asked.
Dean was slow to get up the next morning. Not that he wasn't awake. He just didn't want to leave the bed. It was too comfortable to do so. Instead, he continued to lay there, listening to the steady breathing and feeling the beating of the angel's heart. He wished that he could stay there forever, but there were people to save.
"Domestic violence. Seems her ex-husband, Donald, beat her up pretty good. He spent the last five years in jail. Got out on parole a couple of months ago."
Dean was going to ask Mr. Novak more questions but realized that the man was no longer there. Shrugging it off, Dean carried Sam out of the room, signed him out, and headed back to the Impale.
"Soon," Dean said, not giving away more information than that.
"It might be. Heaven has no plans for them nor would I allow them to. As much as I hate him, we have a "working relationship" with Crowley. He will come to us if something we to happen."
"Yeah, I heard something about that," Mary told them.
Even though his hands were surrounding his burger, you could hear the air quotes surrounding the words. Dean just shook his head, amused while returning to his burger himself. After more time than what was usually necessary, Emily cam back. The area around her eyes was unusually red, and she was quietly sniffling.
The older alpha sauntered out of the house. Dean heard a vehicle start outside before he moved to lock the door, not that it would stop two particular people. He went back to the kitchen, rushed through the meal left for him, and joined his family.
After being directed toward the main office by signs lining the walls, they were greeted by a woman standing at the front desk. She looked annoyed at being interrupted from whatever she was doing until she saw Dean. She looked him up and down, wafted her beta scent toward him. Unfortunately for her, Dean wasn't the least bit interested in her scent. Fortunately for her, Sammy was too young to smell what she was giving off.
"What!" a shout filled the room, followed by the slamming on wood against the floor.
Amara paused a moment, gathering her thoughts before continuing. "He... sounded weird. Almost distressed, but he was trying to pretend that everything was okay."
"This Amara would have anything to do with this, would she?"
"Please tell me you didn't call 911 trying to get a car seat in your car?" Dean asked.
"Yes," he said, leaning his head back. "We don't have a starting point. It would take a miracle."
"See ya."
Cas looked like he was considering it before nodding. He sat up with his back straight as a rod. Pitch black wings unfurled from Cas' back, filling the entire room in their shadow.
"It was not as if the knife was going to harm me in any way. I would have easily been able to heal the wound."
"What else do you think we have to do?" they heard Amara's voice coming from behind them. They turned and saw a much calmer expression on her face. "Be nice to you? That's not any fun."
"I'm sure she'll understand. The only thing I'll be missing is Donna and Jody flirting and pretending they don't have feelings for each other. I could do without that."
"Considering what I think's going on, I thought it was a good idea. That, and my husband's currently out of the country. No one to watch her. Plus, Riley loves making new friends."
Cas chuckled. He should have known that was how the conversation was going to end. He would have to thank Lisa for taking the pup to the school library to get a couple of books before the librarian left for the day. His feet hurt too much to take him like he usually did.
"If what?" Lucifer interrupted as he brought all of the hot food to the table.
The demon backed away slowed, dropping the angel to the floor. Cas fell, unable to keep himself upright as if forced to stay down. The angel blade stayed floating in the air before it flew away from everyone into the hands of the girl no one noticed get up.
Castiel was busying around the kitchen, figuring out what he and Sam would eat for lunch. Sam was quickly taken care of, but for himself, it was a difficult task. He was craving pickles, but they were out. They were also out of peanut butter. He poked through everything else and was not interested at all.
"What's wrong?" Dean asked, breaking the silence.
"Ahh, your little brother." Dean wasn't even going to ask how she knew about Sam. "I'm free Friday and have nothing going on."
"If this is as big as you think it is," Jody stated, "I doubt they would have wanted to make the report and be in the system. Makes it harder to track."
"They don't appreciate that Cas, as an omega, has decided to live a life without their interference."
"It's no matter to me. I'll deal with you quickly enough."
"So no matter what, I'll be making their way through town," Jody stated.
"Hello, I'm Emily," the woman said with a forced smile on her face. "Does every know what they want?"
John looked like he was about to retort when Emily made another appearance with drinks on a small tray. She quickly distributed the drinks to everyone at the table and left straws before quickly leaving.
"I don't think you can call it the walk of shame unless you took your clothes off before putting them back on."
"There, children. Get your food," Cas said, putting the plate in front of his brother.
"I'm sure we can come up with something better than that," Zachariah stated.
The two walked hand in hand to the kitchen. Cas smiled at the strange friendship the two formed before turning back around, locking the door, and resetting the alarm. He carried the treats Lucifer brought with him and headed back. There, Lucifer and Sam were playing a game of food keep away.
Lucifer shook his head, disbelieving what he just heard. It was up to him to protect his baby brother since no one else was going to. He would be absolutely destroyed if anything ever happened to him. Before he could respond back, he saw Castiel typing into his phone.
Dean expected Mr. Novak to continue, but he stayed quiet. Dean was about to ask him a question when he heard yelling from behind him.
"Sure, we can get you some," Dean told her, resulting in a large smile toward him.
It was hours later that they were interrupted by a ringing phone. Everyone jumped as they turned toward the object. Celine stood up and walked over to it. "Hello?... Hi, honey... Yeah, I'm still at the store. Something came up, and I wasn't able to leave... Yes, I'm staying seated... Can you bring us food?... Yeah, enough for nine people. Ten if you want to join us. Probably big portions since most of them are guys... Alright. Thanks a bunch... Love you too." She hung up and went back to the counter. She hopped back onto her stool and continued to work. Following her lead, the rest at the table did as well.
"Alright, what do you three want for dinner?" Cas asked as he made it up the stairs.
"Celine," Dean starts. Once her eyes were on him, he continued. "You're awesome."
"I need food, too," Steve agreed.
John nodded, thinking over the things that he just heard. Maybe there was more weight to some of the things he read online than he thought.
"What?"
Cas rolled over and simply responded with "tell them to stop" before hiding his head under his pillow.
"Don't blame yourself, Cassie."
"So you remember, huh?" Michael asked without irony.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes, as weird as it sounds. He wouldn't stop talking about you and what a great big brother you were. I knew he was telling the truth; children that age can't filter themselves and cannot really lie."
"I would. Where would you like me to start?
"I need to get her home," the friends said after a bit. "But there's no way I'm going to be able to do it alone. We could use a ride, officer."
"Any tips for being a new single parent?" she asked him.
"Send them to me if anyone gives you trouble. I have no problem getting the feds involved if that does happen. Get back out there, and find something."
"I don't know. You tell me."
"Dean talks about you all the time. I'm Amara, by the way."
"Oh, it's you again. Why am I not surprised?"
"What about me, Ri?" Emily asked the girl.
Pulling the door open, Lucifer immediately answered.
The detectives ran toward the stairwell and raced inside. They ran up four flights of stairs, reaching the fifth floor. Reaching the door, they slightly paused, trying to catch their breath before they talked to their main suspect. Opening the door, they walked on both sides of the hall, looking at the door markers.
"Homicide."
"Dean's going home," Amara explained. "He'll be back after a week."
Mary looked around, not expecting the title that went along with the guest. She saw a stern-looking woman with short hair with a teasing look behind her eyes.
"Have you felt any different since we came back? Different to how we were before we died?"
"And what did you get out of it?"
Throwing the box at Dean so that he could look it over. She went back to the counter and filled a coffee mug with a layer of honey. "Yeah, he might like it. As long as it doesn't have caffeine."
"Why would she give you something and not the rest of us?" Sam asked after hearing the response.
"There's always Bobby."
"But we've been dead, John. How are they going to believe that it is really us?"
"What's the last thing you remember of the outside world?"
"Hey," Dean snapped. "I'm sure he would have told you had you given him enough time to say something."
"Gabe just wants some form of communication every day and any pictures of the pup. Also, plan to get weird phone calls from Gabe."
"She's not trying to harm you. She's just worried."
"I wish you wouldn't."
"Where are we?" Castiel asked as they got out of the car.
"I don't understand."
"You have me a key, ergo, I can come and go as I please. I wasn't expecting to see anything so untoward when I can in, though. What would the children think?"
She got to a box at the bottom with a tarp covering it. She took the tarp off before kneeling and reaching in. When she stood up, in her arms were two sleeping girls. Emily walked back to the group of hunters. First depositing Emma into Dean's arms and Riley in Celine's. Seeing the two girls now in her parent's hands, she seemed to finally come back to herself.
Celine opened her mouth the make a comment when tremendous pressure started was felt filling the room. On the walls, sigils began to glow and crack. The sigils slowly went out as the force left the room.
"I'm not one of the parents," Dean said, grabbing her hand and pushing it away.
Castiel opened the door and cautiously tiptoed the stairs. Naomi said the hurry up, but he knew better. Making a sound was not allowed. Reaching the end of the landing, he stood there with his head down and his arms behind his back.
Celine headed upstairs to the formerly destroyed guest room, leaving the family to relax.
"Once it's over, we can take you to the doctor. Make sure nothing's wrong. But Cas, you need to tell me what you need me to do."
"Yeah. Had lots of time to think."
"I have to agree with Ms. Harvelle," Morris nodded. "This is, in fact, a federal case, even if it is occurring within the state of Utah. As such, that ruling cannot be used as precedent in this case either as it cannot be used in any other federal court at this time. The only reason this case is being heard here is because of the nature of the charges. All conversation regarding the witness's secondary gender will be struck from the record.
"Do you mind if I call you Maddie?" Dean softly asked with a silly face once the girl got the courage to look at him. The girl nodded as a giggle came out of her and walked over to Dean's side as he stood back up. "Don't worry, Cas. We got this."
At the resulting nod, the woman stood, giving Dean a brief assessing look before looking around the park. She scanned the park looking at the group of scared children being held back by confused mothers. There was no way that they would be getting those children back to school for the rest of the day. This experience was probably traumatic enough.
"I would rather he be in an interrogation room before we move the kids out of there."
Dr. Robertson turned around and walked back through the double doors with Sam and Dean following him. The back area was larger than the rest of the building would suggest with plenty of fridges like lockers and examination rooms. Dr. Robertson leads them to a room at the very end of the long hallway that they were walking down. He walked and went to the lockers and started to unlock ten of them.
"Right... the both of you came to," Lucifer sneered.
The shuffling of work was interrupted by a yell from the front.
"That's just how school works, buddy," Dean said, shuffling the pup's hair. "You're supposed to get a new teacher every year."
Dean pushed him onto the chair closest to him, not even loosening the cuffs any.
"So, they're not yours," a deep voice said behind him.
"Whatever it takes," Mary said, smiling from ear to ear.
"Fine, someone, not going to say who didn't give our manager the right information for ordering more supplies."
"Nuggets?"
"No, and that was a decision that both Cas and I had come to."
"It's fine. You can finish your fangirling after we're done."
"Yeah, his parents are very traditional, and I mean super old school traditional."
When Mary and Sam made it back into the motel, everyone was awake, and in John and Mary's room. John was sitting on one of the beds, and Dean and Cas were sitting at the small table. Dean was looking something up on the computer, while Cas and John were having a stare down of epic proportions, or rather, John was staring down the angel, while he looked on in confusion.
"Is there a way to call parents directly from here? I don't think you're getting the rest of them to school."
"That all the research we did was pretty much a waste of time," Dean replied.
"You really don't know how to listen, do you, lady?"
"What, how that little prosecutor thought she could do anything with getting an omega and that beta to talk?" Zachariah waved off. "It was pathetic how she thought that would get anywhere."
"I'm not, because that piece of lore you just dropped sounded so familiar because that's how every teenager feels. They feel like they're not understood. They're the weird ones in the crowd. Their parents don't really understand them. Discovering yourself... Every teenager feels that way. It's nothing new."
"I'll think I'll stay here," Cas mentioned, giving the two women a suspicious look. "But Sam did want to go the library this weekend. It might be nice for you to take the kids. They might like it."
Castiel gave a humorless chuckle at his brother's last statement. "Is there really nothing else we can do?"
"Over here, Sam," Cas responded, trying to go back to his normal tone.
"Emma, Riley," she softly whispered to the girls who seemed intrigued by that amount of stuff around them. Once their attention was on her, she continued. "We're going to play a game. I need you two to stay quiet until I come back for you. Can you do that?"
Samandriel heard the hurt in his voice and didn't question them further. The younger man slowly sat back down and looked toward his computer.
"You think this is a warning against their parents?"
"Who are you people?" the girl asked, confused as to who her saviors were. She slowly sat up and looked at the group more closely.
Instead of replying, Dean just looked down with a goofy look on his face and shook his head. John could feel the rage building inside of him but worked hard so it didn't show. It disgusted him to see his son acting this way. He hadn't even acted this way with women.
"Why is Mr. Dean sleeping on the couch?" Christie rounded off.
"I already made an appointment with an OBGYN. Our appointment is in 30 minutes. If you get dressed now, we can still get there on time."
She stepped away from the men and turned around.
"Hey, it's either she reads the books, or I show her all the fanfiction that's on my phone." At this, Sam visibly paled while Dean groaned in defeat. "Don't worry, you two, you're no longer shipped together by the fandom. Everyone agrees that Dean and Cas are a couple, while Sam, you're shipped with Gabriel."
"Really?" Charlie asked. "I'm loving this story already."
"This is everything I ever wanted." Sam gave the omega a giant hug around his neck and nuzzled into it before going back to his chair.
"It's fine, although I now know why you're drinking coffee this late."
Sam trotted in front of the adults, leading the way to the parking lot, where he knew Cas had back earlier. Behind him, Cas had Dean's hand in a death grip, constantly looking over his shoulder at the slightest movement in the shadows.
"Are there any other places in town?" Mary whispered to Castiel.
"So what you guys are telling me is that those books are actually nonfiction."
"I'm Christie, and I'm eight.
"Any particular reason why? I already sent him home one day this week on your orders."
"Nah, I have some stuff I need to do. I'll be around, though."
"Is he still staring at me?" Dean asked.
Jody sullenly stood up at the news. "I better go back to the station and figure something out to keep civilians inside. Maybe there could be a gas leak? Let me know if something else comes up."
"Walk me to my car?" Charlie asked.
"What did you do?" Dean asked, coming out of his fog.
"No, I wasn't hiding a secret child from you."
Trigger Warning: discussion of human trafficking
The two looked over to the table and saw the three children talking animatedly to one another.
"Come in then," Dean nodded for the two to come in. The two got up and grabbed the small set of luggage they brought with them and smaller carry-on bags. "Don't the two of you own your own business? Can you really take time off out of nowhere like this?"
"You're quite flattering, Mr. Novak."
"It's... complicated. While the symbolism of spellcraft is important, her mind is much more important. I've sure you've seen the effects of that. Those protection charms, even I felt that they were more powerful than they were supposed to be, considering the ingredients she was using because she focused all her energy on protection. She has to believe in herself, but... My talents lie in defense, not offensively. I wouldn't even know where to start." Celine stopped when she heard footsteps come up behind her. "How are they girls do?" Celine asked.
"Cassie needs us," was the only thing he said before Dean's head popped up from the file, eyes flashing red.
Castiel scooted further into his arms while his breathing slowly deepened. Dean stayed awake until he was sure that his omega had gone to sleep once again.
"You'll be the second call I make. Promise."
"Well, I tried, but it just didn't work out that way."
"Kinda busy right now, Novak," Dean said, head deep in a case file.
"But you could be?"
"What did you find out? John asked.
Dean softly walked backward and back toward the kitchen, with Lucifer following. "Okay, I knew that Sam was starting to shift again, but I don't know why that required Cas shifting as well."
"Personally, I would rather we just burn it," Celine inputted.
The group of Sam, Dean, Mary, and Bobby sat watching the meditation session led by Celine and overseen by Castiel.
"I'm just hoping it will be sooner rather than later. Now, let's get you to bed."
"I got my book. Cassie, can you read it with me?"
"Did you know that if you look deep into Bellum's work files, she believes that she is one such omega? It's cute, but I'm sure you have to understand that she's just using you. See common sense."
"Over my dead body," Dean retorted.
"How would it have affected me?"
Dean took a step toward the seething alpha and held out his hand. "Dean Winchester," he introduced himself.
"Well, I hope that you deal with pain well."
"Where did John go?' Mary asked.
"Was it a good idea to have flown last night?" Sam asked.
He got a decent way, maybe in the next state, when blue flashing lights came to life behind him. He pulled over to the side and hoped this would be over soon so that he could get on his face. A knock sounded on the window beside him, and he lowered the window.
"Everyone does," Sam told her.
"I'm here about Sam Winchester; he's new here," Dean said, keeping his scent as neutral as possible. He didn't need Sam asking what had upset him and made his scent go sour.
"I can easily do that," the alpha said as he continued looking over.
"I'm offended that you think I would use my abilities for something like that."
By this point, Mary had pushed her way into the room and was looking around. Her eyes landed on her other son and the angel still dosing away in the other bed.
"Sorry about him."
"Don't I need permission to be able to pick him up?"
"This is Novak's brother, right? He's been jumpy as well."
Dean had come out of the break room with what felt like his seventeenth coffee. It felt like he'd been here for days, when in fact, it had only been two. He could only come home for a couple of hours to sleep before Amara would show up and kick him out. She had said something about looking up interstates. It made absolutely no sense until Charlie brought up a map of all the cases she felt were connected to their missing person causes. Every case was along significant highways that zigzagged across the United States. There would be a few places here and there where a body would show up in the middle of nowhere, but the highways were definitely how their perp was getting across the country. It wasn't much, but it was something. Maybe they would be able to match financials with the body drops.
"There's nothing realistic about this situation. You could at least be optimistic."
"It's happened before," Amara shrugged, "just never that blatantly before. Donna's going to be the next person you call?"
"Sounds about right. Unfortunately, it is still legal for guardians to auction omegas to the highest bidder. Still strange that they are trying to sell him off. Breaking a mating bond unwillingly is a big taboo on the other hand."
Charlie looked toward Sam before whispering to him out loud. "I just let them think that. Keeps them from planning an uprising against me. So, kid, what kind of games are you into? Mario or Link fan?"
Reaching down, underneath the couch, she noticed what looked to be a black feather. Once in her hand, she realized that that was in fact what it was, except substantially larger than the would be on a normal bird. She was analyzing it closer when someone tapped on her shoulder. She quickly jumped toward the tap and noticed Dean looking at her strangely.
Sam just shook his head and went back to reading. Now that the pacing had stopped, he could concentrate. A decent time later, Mary rushed back in, grabbing a book as she went to casually sit on the couch. Sam went to give her a confused looked when he heard the back door open. He sat up straighter so he could see his way into the kitchen as the couple walked out.
Sam and Dean gave her a strange look before shrugging it off. They both went back to what they were doing before: Dean talking to Cas' stomach while Sam continued to look at something on the computer. It was a nice murmur of noise in the room. Mary laid down and closed her eyes for a bit, trying to get a little rest before John would be coming over to the room. Now that she had answers, her mind had quieted a lot.
"I don't blame you," Dean said to assure her. "They're death traps. So, is pancakes alright..."
"Order!" Judge Morris yelled across the room, sending it into utter silence. "I will have order in my courtroom, no matter who is called to the stand. The next person to talk out of turn will be charged with contempt of court. Do not try me. Bring out the witness."
"Nah, Bobby gave me th...," Dean was able to say before a small hand found it's way into his mouth.
The teen looking at him, squinting her eyes, sizing him up. Not seeing anything deceptive about his look or aggression in his stance, she made a decision. "We need to get her out of here before it gets worse." The girl grabbed her friend around the waist, hoisting her so that the whimpering omega could stand but carried all her weight. Dean escorted the two girls out, making sure no one stood up or made any move toward them.
Dean waited until he got a slight nod into his chest before pulling back some. Leaning his head against his omega's forehead, they stared deep into each other's eyes until they were interrupted by the sound of pattering feet.
At this, the pup shook his head no. "I don't want to go to school. I want to stay here with Christie and Steve."
"I don't think I should."
"As a heart attack. Also, since I'm the sheriff, I count as an official witness to the birth so you don't have to go to the hospital. I just require seeing the cutie first."
"But let's move on to something else. I've been thinking about them non-stop for the last couple of years. I'm not giving them any more of my mental energy."
Dean let out a loud groan at the thought. It was going to be a nightmare. Mary soon walked in, putting her folded blankets on the table and grabbing a coffee mug.
Emily walked away, heading straight for the kitchen. While there was no one around, Mary decided to speak up about the case.
"Yay!" Steve yelled as he trotted back to the house.
"Of course not, babe. I know this isn't what we planned, but... it's up to you."
"So, I have a granddaughter?" he asked.
"Good job, buddy. It looks great."
"What's dating?" Steve asked.
"Well, I've heard of anti-aging spells, not so much aging speels. Usually, people are trying to extend life instead of shortening it, at least not in modern texts." On the other end of the phone, Sam and Dean heard pages turning. "In the past, and I mean thousands of years, people used to think that when you shorten a life, another one extends by the number of years that were shortened."
"What for?" Dean asked.
"No one asked you to."
"Why would you suggest something like that. She is obviously the one doing this. We need to figure out how powerful she is."
"Not necessarily," Emily said. "The police department has a newsletter they send out every couple of months. It details the kinds of crimes that happened within that period and where they occurred. They all get archived online. I would also guess that moving around too much would lead to too many questions, so you could search buildings within an area of interest."
"Hey, I was talking to you," the voice continued, followed by a grip on the arm.
While the phone was in his hands, it went off again.
"After the trial, most definitely. This way, we can party and have fun."
Dean leaned against the back wall, watching the chaos that had erupted from the class full of pups. He watched as Cas struggled to get all the kids into their light jackets with little to no help from the other adults in the room. The children, if anything, were being a complete hindrance to any progress being made. Dean shook his head in amusement at the spectacle in front of him, wondering how long until Cas gave up and they decided to just leave.
"Oh," Cas muttered.
Amara shot him a glare before continuing what she was doing. "You think you're cute, don't you?"
"We stop taking her outside, then," Dean started planning. "Retouch the salt lines in the molding. What else can we do?"
"Please," the older girl whispered.
"You mean the guy you can't stop talking about?" Benny jokingly asked. "No, I can't say I have."
"That certainly backs up what the pups said," Dorothy mentioned to the two men.
"Your body is quickly changing to accommodate the baby, so we should see signs of future growth. Mind, we probably won't be able to really see the baby yet, but the signs should still be there."
"How did you sleep?" Sam asked her.
"You're hilarious," Emily deadpanned back. "By the way, the girls are back to planning world domination."
"If he does, I'll kick his ass. I know he's a douche, but not that much of a douche. Anyways, I hear Sam coming back. Let's not worry about it right now. Let's wait until all the information comes in before we get ahead of ourselves.
"Before you go on an angry tirade, know that he meant that literally. They were snuggled together, sleeping, on the couch."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Didn't get anything useful off the sample," Lucifer explained to Dean. "Just your regular everyday ash. No accelerate, not a trace of chemicals, nothing."
"And my mate, Dean."
"Really?" Dean looked over his shoulder to look at the picture. "Maybe they just look more like their mom?"
"We were thinking that too until we saw upstairs. Let me show you."
"With who?"
"All I asked was what they had been up to. Nothing more," John said innocently.
"It's called the Roadhouse. I figured something low-ley would be best.
The host in the front greeted them with a fake smile, clearly no wanting to be there, looking like a teenager whose parents forced her into a summer job. "Welcome. Will it just be the two of you today?"
"Are you sure?"
"No, thanks. I already have a teacher. Really like the setup we have."
"You sounded weird when I mentioned mom and dad. What was that about."
"Of course. I'm assuming that you would want to see the bodies yourselves."
Out on the open road, Dean was driving with Mary and John in the back. It was a hard-fought battle for the passenger seat, but John ended up relenting. Sam was still sitting smugly as he claimed his seat. Dean just sat there driving in the awkward silence. The night before had been awkward with the changing of drivers since no one wanted to stop. Almost to the city limits of Charleston, Dean let himself relax some. Soon, they would not be in close quarters with one another.
"We'd have found a way around it," Naomi said with a self-satisfied grin. "We always do."
"Yeah," Emily said, absent-mindedly. At this point, they had gotten back to the room at which they started. Seeing that there was only one way to go, she continued on.
"Well, it's time to wake up," Amara said. "Lots to do."
"It might take a couple of days until the techs are completely done with the house. The areas of interest are fairly isolated, so I wouldn't imagine that you would have a hard time."
"Dean had to work late at the station, or at least that's what he said."
Emma choked up a bit, trying to get her breath back from crying so much.
Dean chuckled and then closed the door, walking over the driver's side, resisting the urge to see if there was any movement in the blinds.
"What's that?" Cas asked, confused as to how the liquid got into the pill.
"And you smell like absolutely nothing," Cas snarked.
"That seemed like a waste," John immediately brought up. "Maybe we shouldn't have listened to them."
"You're an alpha," Amara helpfully answered.
"They could plan for world peace, but noooooo. They're going to take it over. Just watch, you're going to wish you listened to me. I'm going to stop their planning for now." Emily bolted out of the room, coffee still in hand.
"Amara, there was no need for that," Castiel admonished.
"Ahh, so cute. When did you become such a family man?"
"Really good date," Dean said bluntly.
"Yeah, I'm sure it would have taken forever with your terrible eyesight," Dean snarked.
"Cassie, you're beautiful," Lucifer's voice came into the room. "Now, can you come downstairs? Amara says we can't have cake until you come downstairs."
"Unfortunately," Celine agreed. "If Emily is strong enough ward off this summoning, there's no clue how many are going to come this way, or how quiet they're going to be when they do."
"Whatever," Sam said gathering up the books. He walked to the front desk to drop off the many books that they had grabbed.
"For now, I just want to get to know my true mate better."
"Nothing like a murder to get your mind off of a murderous older brother," Benny muttered under his breath.
"What do you have for us, Red?" Benny asked her.
"Cas?" Dean asked. "What happened to Dad?"
"What do you mean?"
The man led them into the master bedroom. Laid in the middle of the floor was a woman, dressed in a nightgown. The back of her head was smashed open. But what really got their attention was a crib in the corner covered in blood. Dean and Benny immediately felt their stomachs drop. They look toward each other, both green in the face, and inched over to the crib.
"I thought we agreed that you would inform me if you decided to show up."
"I don't know. We'll have to see if Dean has anything planned."
"I know everything is connected. I just don't have the physical or digital evidence to prove it. Too bad the modern justice system requires proof, or I would already have these bastards off the street. I've worked too hard and for too long not to see them locked up. You have to find something. If not..."
Hours later, there was the sound of footsteps walking up the front-drive. although this was practically Hunter Headquarters, no one usually showed up, except for Crowley when he was in a puckish mood. Whoever needed something would show up, ask a few questions and then leave, but something didn't feel right in Dean's gut.
"Christie's and Steve's aunt, yes?"
"What are you doing here?" Mary asked her.
This time the chief dismissed them with a wave of his hand. Dean got up from the chair and walked out, making sure to close the door behind him. Outside, the two men met up.
While Mary was happy that the two men in front of them were nice, John had his suspicions. First, there was a slight smirk they gave each other at the mention of his and his wife's name. Certainly, their names were well known in the hunter circuit, but there was no way Mister Humpty Dumpty and Mister Skin-and-Bones would survive a real hunt. Maybe against Casper, but no real restless spirit.
The three males in the library stood around in a very uncomfortable silence until John spoke up.
Dean waved to two of them off. Lying back, he let the sounds of the playing children sound him. For a day off, this wasn't too bad. Dean started nodding off when he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. Pulling it out, he noticed that there was a call from an unknown number.
"Oh, we've always known where you were. It was just a matter of finding someone, especially after you dirtied yourself," Zachariah answered.
"What is that sound?" John asked.
"No, Dean."
"This is a great start. I cannot tell you how many times that happens without a child representative being present. Now, I would like to talk to the children in private first, and then we can proceed to possible questions that you have."
"Will the two of you state your names and ages?"
"If you say so..." Dean said with a disbelieving tone in his voice before picking the pup up and dragging him toward the kitchen.
It was a short journey to the third floor, which was filled with humming. The doors opened up to a busy workroom, much more filled than Castiel was expecting. No one was paying him any mind as people walked back and forth, typed intensely into computers, and were drawn into quick snippets of conversations before moving on.
"I don't know about that. I mean, I had to inspect the yolk to make sure there were no eggshells. That is some hard work."
Mr. Novak stayed quiet. Waiting for Dean to recollect his thoughts.
"Then let us handle this. We'll even make it so that you don't have to testify if you don't want to."
Dean proceeded to ruffle his brother's hair before moving upstairs to get ready for his date. He pulled on a pair of his nicest jeans, a button-up shirt, and a pair of his best boots. They weren't going anywhere too special tonight, but he wants to make a good impression. He made his way back downstairs and saw Sam still sitting at the kitchen table. He sat next to the boy and enjoyed the silence; Sam barely noticed his presence.
"Yeah," the woman said, turning around, "I'm looking for... Hey, you must be Deano."
"Kill the person who cast it," Celine says. "It seemed like an individual spell."
"What happened to my baby?" Mary asked him, hysteria leaking from her voice.
"Everything's going to be okay," Dean whispered into his omega's ear, pulling him into his arms.
"I guess that makes sense, but why is it so overwhelming?"
He jumped, not expecting a voice to come from behind him. He turned around and saw Mr. Novak standing behind them.
Dean and Charlie had turned the corner to their usual work area before noticing that no one was there before dropping his stuff.
"What about Emily?" Celine asked worriedly.
"Almost twenty years."
"How do you know about that case?" Dean asked her.
"Nothing happened," he told her. "We just talked. He didn't even know why he came over either. He just felt the need to. I think it was to make sure I could handle taking care of three kids for the night."
The demon punched her clean across the face and again and the irritating answer. Blood pulled in Emily's mouth, and she spat a glob at him. With a blood-soaked grin, she continued to badger him. "Seriously, in all the books, demons are supposed to be fearsome creatures. You know, with weatherly wings and stuff. What do you do? A little eye changing and telekinesis. Kinda weak."
"Unfortunately, I don't think. I know," Amara sighed.
"Sure," Christie asked. She started walking toward the younger boy, letting go of Dean's hands. Steve just continued standing beside Dean.
Soon omegas were brought out one by one before the entire room. Numbers were thrown around, which Castiel learned early on were dollar amounts. Castiel dissociated, doing everything he could not think about the scene in front of him. He remembered when his older brother, Gabriel, would sneak candy into the household, knowing they were not allowed to eat it before dinner. Lucifer took him to the library to pick up books that he wanted Michael to read to him. He missed those days.
The frame held a picture containing a happy family. The two adults were holding each other, with gigantic smiles on their faces. Surrounding them were two school-aged pups hugging their legs and another one held in his mother's arms.
"Let's go," she told the man.
"She is essentially praying to me."
The ride took about twenty minutes in the remaining strands of Friday traffic. He pulled up into the driveway of a quaint little house with a small garden just off the front. The pale coloring of the house somehow fit the omega perfectly.
"They haven't done anything in a while, but..."
Buckling themselves in, Dean asked, "Buddy, what do you want for dinner?"
Emily was screaming mentally.
"And by 'bite,' what do you mean?"
"Yeah," Sam deadpanned.
John was thinking up his plan while Mary had come up behind him, not noticing that she was done as he was looking far off into space. She gave him a squinted look, realizing that couldn't leave as soon as she had hoped, so she coughed loudly to get his attention. He looked over at her, surprised that he had lost track of time, noticing the bundle in the wife's arms.
"What'd you tell her?"
"Usually, the patients get more forwarning than that, Pam," Missouri scolded.
Dean felt his hackles rise as he looked toward the woman, no, people, standing in front of him. While the voice was unfamiliar, the faces sure weren't. He'd been looking at them all morning.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever you say, oh great omega. What may I do to help appease you?"
The night was silent. The only thing breaking it was the sound of footsteps on the concrete floors. Two hours and nothing had been found. Every building that had been searched thoroughly, and there was only so much to go.
She turned around and walked back to Singer's office, closing the door behind her.
"Excuse me," Dean turned toward his brother, anger in his eyes.
"And what appreciation do you think you deserve?"
"We would like two burgers, fries and chocolate shakes please?" Mary spoke up, more comfortable in her skin now that she had her bracelet, and didn't feel her skin burning.
It took a few minutes into their walk before Castiel asked the question that has been on his mind.
"Let me go first," she simply stated. "Stay here for now."
"Ms. Harvelle, your next witness, please."
Sam nodded through his sniffles. "Why did you keep it a secret?"
Dean was going to continue to read one of his selected books when the most delicious smell entered his nose. Snapping his head up, he saw Mr. Novak sit in front of the group of people now settled in. Dean closed the book and paid attention to what was taking place in front of him.
"As I live and breathe," a feminine voice sounded. "We heard that you were alive again, but didn't want to believe it. I mean, what are the chances."
"What's going on in here?" he asked the two of them.
"What else are you expecting them to be doing?" Dean jumped in.
"Wait, wait, wait," Celine interrupted. "What are you guys talking about?"
"Do you think she'll find anything?" Zachariah asked Naomi, worry starting to seem into his voice.
That's great, except for the fact that the Novaks have four sons, as mentioned in articles published years ago. (Here are a selection of just a few of those articles) According to older interviews, the couple adopted four children by the names of Michael, Lucifer, Gabriel, and Castiel. The latter three children barely get a mention on the family's biographic page past the fact they were, in fact, adopted. It was through our internet scouring that we believe we know what the other three children do.
Cas was going to say more, but Sam had returned and was sitting at the table. He opened his mouth to turn the conversation to a more child-friendly one when the doorbell rang, startling the trio.
"Really?" Mills said with an unimpressed tone.
"So get this," Sam started. "All the bodies were found drained of blood but no reason as to why, No bite marks or cuts on major arteries."
"We ran into her this morning at the coffee shop," Mary interrupted with a smirk on her face. "She said the most interesting thing."
"Can you get a better signal, Cas?" Dean asked him.
Dean was about to question him when three kids ran up to him.
"Why were you staring at him? Sam asked him out of nowhere.
John and Mary both looked at Dean and Cas wondering what they made of the comment. Cas looked completely unbothered by it while Dean had a bright blush covering his face, He quickly grabbed his coke and refused to look anyone in their eye.
"I don't feel awe-inspiring. I feel like a landwhale."
"Cas?" came from the other end of the line after a few rings.
"Was he?" Castiel asked. "Was he in the right mind, I mean?"
"Nop..."
"I like that. I'm sad that school's ending."
"Then we get the ingredients to summon one," Dean said anxiously.
"It wasn't real," he muttered to Dean, hiding into the alpha's chest. "It was just a dream."
"Well, no," Cas admitted.
Amara gently stood back up before closing the bathroom door behind her. Cas stayed on the floor in disbelief while he read the instructions for the test. It really was a simple as peeing on it and waiting. Once some of nausea went away, he stood up and took the test. When he had to wait, he rinsed his mouth in the sink, getting the terrible taste out of his mouth. After waiting a couple of minutes, he looked back at the test and saw two blue lines. He reached back for the box to figure out what that meant.
"Not really," he answered. "I was raised Christain and am still fairly active with the church. To be honest, I have no clue about half of what she says." At that, Celine just chuckled at him.
"Were you being attacked by monsters?"
"Anyway, can I play the movie now?" Lucifer asked.
"Someone?" John and Mary asked, almost simultaneously.
"Seriously, is anyone going to tell me what's going on?" Emily interrupted. "The secretness is getting kind of annoying."
"Originals, no doubt," he responded.
"How so?" Benny asked.
"I keep seeing it over and over again in my head."
With some semblance of life returning to his face, he said: "I must go."
"We're kinda used to the resurrection thing around here. Unfortunately, the expert isn't here right now."
"No," Celine agreed, "but it's still super creepy."
"I'm Sheriff Mills," the woman answered.
"Right...," Dean said, trying to wrap his thoughts together, "Might as well have you meet the rest of the team."
They stretched to their full expanse, and Cas' face relaxed into one of peace. His satisfied expression was interrupted by a startled jump. Dean was about to ask him why until he realized that one of his hands was not behind his head anymore. Cas looked down at him with one of his "I-will-smite-you" faces.
"Coffee?"
"Others a part of the series of raids earlier today have yet to be identified. All that is known is that they were arrested from many places across the continental US and seem to cross many socioeconomic backgrounds.
"Another word, and you'll get thirty days in contempt."
Novaks donate $100,000 to Senator Worthington after mentioning his support for a bill that would limit the rights of unmated omegas.
"That was delicious, man," Dean said in appreciation as he finished the last night.
"No problem. I just need you to sign for this.'
"I honestly could care less. I work in a little occult shop, waitress on the side, and still trying to discover what I want to do in life. It's hard, yes, everyone in customer service all wish they had more reasonable customers. But, I'm content with my life how it is. I have people who care for me and are looking out for my best interests."
Castiel took in a deep breath of fresh air as soon as the door was closed behind them. He knew that it wasn't going to go well, but not that bad.
A stomach rumbling interrupted his thought process as Cas flared at it admonishingly while Dean continued to stare lovingly.
"That would be helpful," Sam responded.
"Do you think you'll be able to sleep?" Celine asked.
"How did you know about that?"
John quickly opened his eyes and sat upon the bench, ignoring the pounding and feeling of dizziness. In front of him stood a female officer with a gigantic smirk.
The woman took the phone before giving the man an unimpressed look. "Gabe, you didn't send the text."
"This better be good," Harvelle's voice came through. "It's Saturday, and I have the day off."
"Why are you here?"
"We got something down at the station earlier. I'm fine."
"Do you think it'll do any good?"
"I'm sorry," Celine told him. "If I knew something, I would tell you. We can slow them down, but... I don't know for how long. I will admit that this is above my paygrade."
Lucifer continued standing at the opening and waved for Dean to continue. Getting to the other side, he came across a sight the nearly made his heart melt. Toward the back of the mountain of pillows rested a wolf with glossy black fur resting a paw over a much smaller honey-colored wolf. The two were cuddled together, barely registering the presence that stood over them, and curled closer into each other.
"Can I help you?" the receptionist asked, wondering if the woman was going to pass out.
They soon reached the door. It was securely bolted from the other side, and it barely budged.
"We're not going to let our guard down," Dean assured him. "By the way, we finally found out what the stuff in the yard was."
"Five," Sam told her.
"Nope," Castiel told him with a soft grin. "It was proven to me. I know what I am doing," he finished, giving his big brother a kiss on the forehead.
"They only adopted us after we presented?" Lucifer asked, confused.
"Oops," the pup giggled as he was attacked by the tickle monster.
The group of four got to the Impala quickly. The omega was put into the back seat with Sam while the other girl sat in the passenger seat. The roads were mostly clear, and they could easily maneuver to a neighborhood a little bit out of the way. Pulling into the driveway, the girl in the passenger seat quickly got out of the car. She grabbed her friend, practically dragging the omega to the front door. She pounded and pounded on it until the door opened to reveal a confused-looking middle-aged man.
"I asked if he was free Friday," Dean explained.
Dean's first reaction should have been to look at Bobby to even see if this was real. It couldn't have. It should have been impossible, but he couldn't help but stare at the woman he just knew was his mother. The woman who he lost at the young age of four and the only reason he had for a long time just to keep going.
"I wanted to talk to you about this Dean Winchester."
Castiel didn't know how to respond to that, so he didn't.
"Are you crazy?" John asked her. "You're going straight into a witch's hands?"
"Search the entire house. Look top to bottom. We are not leaving without a child in our hands." Three of the demons left in favor of searching the house. The remaining ones continued to focus their energy on making sure no one moved. After wiping salt off his face, he stepped back into Celine's space and held his hand over her throat. "I really didn't come here in the mood for fighting. I came here to collect a child to collect a mere baby. It really shouldn't be this hard. Now, tell me your name!"
"Woman you met? There are millions of women in the world," Emily said, playing dumb.
"I was just getting to that," the tech said.
"Don't be like that, Kali. You usually know a lot."
"I usually am," with a smirk.
Sam and Dean looked confused. Mary had come back in by this point rocking her granddaughter.
"I did see them. I have no clue what I am supposed to be seeing other than you being a stalker."
"But..."
"It will not do you any good keeping it in," he was softly told.
"Close the door, why don't you?" The chief asked as he looked Dean up and down skeptically while the alpha closed the door before sitting in one of the chairs in front of the desk. "So, what is this I'm hearing about you going to other departments and trying to get some information?"
"We tried to stay, but Sam got hungry.
"You understand?" Dean asked.
Sam quietly entered the front hall as he stepped inside. He heard noise coming from the living room that he usually would come in. Making his way there, found Dean sitting cross-legged in front of the couch with Emma climbing all over him.
The blush that had left Cas's face quickly came back as she finished uttering the words. She was on par with his brother, Gabriel. Before he could stutter out another response, there was a loud knocking on the door.
Sebastian looked deeply into her eyes. "Do you have any idea how powerful you are?"
"Yes. This seems to be a particularly powerful group of demons."
"Comfortable with what?"
"This was done through the cooperation of the FBI and many local officials. Without that cooperation, it is quite possible we would still be figuring everything out. As the investigation is still ongoing, I will not be thanking specific people, but know that I'm thankful for all the hard work and dedication they have done through this trying time.
"We've had a few problems..."
As soon as the car stopped, John quickly hopped out the car, The less exposure, the less chance he was going to catch what they had. Mary, on the other hand, staying in the car to repeatedly thank the parasites for what they have done.
"I'm just happy that that's done with."
"Theis is my other job. I mainly do restocking and answering some questions. Nothing major."
"Lawrence Elementary."
"We tried to leave," Steve interjected.
Sam took a moment to think about it. "Well, I can't exactly be a lawyer anymore."
"Dean had another child," Sam told her.
"What happened to the tribe, though?" Lucifer asked.
When she walked in, she saw Castiel and Dean in their own world with Dean trying to talk to the baby while Cas told him the baby hadn't developed ears yet. As she walked closer, he felt her presence in the room, and Dean popped off the bed.
"Doesn't help that she can see auras like her mother," Mary mentioned. "She can probably see that we're all worried about something."
Sam nodded, considering. Turning to his mother and Bobby said: "We take  the left, you take right."
Castiel looked up in shock, not noticing that his brother had returned to the house. "How much of that did you hear?"
"He saw too much, and he was going to tell. I pleaded for him to keep his mouth shut, but he said he wouldn't. I just needed one more day. That was all I needed."
Agreeing with her logic, Dean passed his baby girl to his mother. Mary left the room, cooing to the baby in her arms. Dean turned back toward Bobby. "What's going on?"
"Not now, but eventually."
"Also, just relax. It's best not to think about these things until they actually happen. Better not get your stomach twisted into knots about something you have no control over. You'll get the information when you can actually act on it.
"Hey," a raspy voice whispered. "You still there?"
"What's going on here?" John asked.
"I work human trafficking cases. This investigation has lasted far too long, in my opinion," she further explained before mumbling to herself. "I could easily get a confession, but no... that's not admissible in court."
"Gabe found something called The Bee Movie," Michael answered. "Thought it was perfect for the day."
"But they so good," Steve pouted.
"People have died for less, omegas specifically. People were drowned just because others refused to understand them. And that's not even the most recent thing I can name," Cas ended with a pointed look.
"She could just be waiting until they are far away from where she is supposed to be. Any normal person would question that," John said.
"You need to turn on the news," Gabe said.
"I mean, wouldn't you?"
"What was that last part of that about?" Dean asked, coming out of the bathroom room from brushing his teeth.
"Yeah... It's definitely not her," Sam practically mumbled. "We confirmed it this morning."
Dean sat him down at the table and brought out a bowl of already cut-out fruit before displacing some into a new bowl and put it in front of Sam's usual spot.
Since the path was clear, Sam didn't hesitate to fire at him. The demon didn't even flinch. He just stood there was an unimpressed look on his face.
"Sure thing, officer," John slurred, handing over the documents.
"So, this Sam is who you are claiming to be your younger brother? Not some child that you're keeping hidden from the world?"
"I was looking back into Jones' background. It seemed that he was being investigated for not keeping squeaky clean. Kill him before he can say anything sounds par for the course."
Dean watched as Sam's head ducked around the corner almost immediately and give Dean a wide grin, yelling "I found him" before sprinting into his brother's arms.
"Got it, Captain."
"Are you okay with what happened?" Cas asked.
"Yep. You're surprised, aren't you? Well, that's the point. It's also pretty helpful in human trafficking. No one sees you coming."
The children scrabbled off the bed at that statement and scurried their way down the stairs.
"Right, to begin, I was wondering if either of these two men looked familiar," Mills said, once again holding out the two photographs she brought with her.
"She would still need to do it in a way that she wouldn't be noticed," Mary said. "I noticed that there are cameras everywhere in this town."
Around the corner, Charlie and Lucifer came toward Benny and Dean. Lucifer holding a large file in his hand while Charlie was exuberantly talking with her arms, continuing to explain what she was doing.
"What's... going on?" he asked after a bit.
"I guess," Madeline replied, face still partially hidden.
"Let's get out of here," Dean announced.
"Well, Sam already loves you, so I doubt he'll have a problem with it. Probably want you around a lot more. Think you can handle that?"
Afterward, Mary readily offered to clean the dishes with no one noticing the way Dean stiffened, remembering his mother doing the same when he was younger. He was the first one out of the kitchen, but no one questioned it. John, of course, followed, which was a bad idea. Sam readily followed, leaving Bobby with Mary, but he already trusted Mary more than he ever with John.
Once everyone was out of the sewers, the girl turned toward them. Before you say anything. I know I was stupid. I thought she was trying to help, but then I found that book. Looking back on everything, I saw that everything was weird, but I just wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt. Sorry, you had to come to rescue me. Now, you can yell at me."
Mary ran toward him, falling to her knees in front of him, pulling him into a tight hug, which was returned.
"Dude," Sam said, bringing his hand up to reposition his hair, not pausing from reading whatever mythology had captured his interest.
"I know we're not the closest family ever, but we usually hear from him every once in a while. I've heard nothing from him, which is unusual. You don't think... He couldn't, right?"
"How are my parents leaving ash in our yard a good thing?"
"Yeah, but I thought that was because I was being a little shit and kept begging her to."
Dean, with a smirk, walked around the back of the couch in case Sam decided to get revenge. Dean pushed against Castiel's shoulder, signaling for him to scoot up some so he could squeeze himself between the arm and the angel. As soon as he hit the cushion, his arms wrapped around the angel, resting his arms against the softening stomach. Cas then tilted his head back and whispered into Dean's ear.
"Fine," Bobby grumbled. "Winchester, go home."
"Why not, Sammy?" Dean said sarcastically. "What the worst that could happen?"
"I've been known to see things even if they're very small at the time. I've also been known to keep my mouth shut about things that aren't my business."
"Who you?" Steve was quick to pipe-up before the commotion could start again.
At least the little guy was oblivious to what occurred that morning.
"That was not very nice."
"As you wish," Dean said as he wrapped his arms around his mate and carried him downstairs. "Look who decided to come down and join the rest of us."
"What happens when I'm older?" Sam asked.
He told Mary what he could after she died: how he went to Bobby to learn everything he need to protect his family up to how he died. There were things she didn't need to know, of course: how there had been another woman that he had another son with and how he kicked Sam out of his life were only two. She didn't need to know those things. She just needed to believe that he was the man that she married and wouldn't leave him again. There would be no way that he could take it.
"Did the two of you have a nice walk?" Cas asked.
"Gross," Steve muttered in agreement, getting a chuckle from all the adults.
"You truly have no clue, do you, Novak?" a voice came from behind him.
"Dislike me? You barely know me."
"Is Uncle Chuck with you?" Christie asked her aunt.
"Cas's still sleeping."
Maybe he would call Gabriel. The beta always had a way of making him smile again.
"What happened to them?" Cas asked.
"You know, the usual," Sam started. "Different monsters, different locations, different... relationships." At the last bit, Sam shivered thinking about it.
John looked up and just saw the thing in front of him just standing in front of him looking as if nothing had happened.
Bobby decided that he should be the one to speak up, seeing as no one else knew what to say.
The two immediately stood up and walked over to his office.
"What are they doing?" Sam asked.
"You're probably right. You know him much better than me. How about the two of us catch up? The last time we talked... well, you couldn't talk."
Cas awkwardly pulled his pants down while still sitting on the examination table. Both Missouri and the nurse were working with the machine, giving him the appearance of some privacy. Turning to Amara, he saw her give him two thumbs up. Finished with his pants, he leaned back down and pulled his shirt to his upper chest.
"That was Cas," Sam replied.
"With your busy life, how did you meet? Did you run into each other at the grocery store? Or better yet, you did something, and he came out to yell at you, but once the two of you locked eyes, life just fell into place."
"I can't exactly tell you where he is," Amara started. "He bounces around from place to place, sending us a postcard or two. He doesn't leave us anyway to contact him. He pretty much just shows up when convenient."
"I... I really don't know. It's something that women wear nowadays."
"Not that patient. Now, give me the baby I want. I might even spare the other one's life."
"What she's trying to say is that you should trust me. I know what I'm doing." Celine parked at a sheriff department and turned to face both girls. "I'll be right back," she said before exiting the vehicle and entering the building.
John looked as if he was going to argue. There was no way he was going to be willingly locked up. It went against every one of his instincts.
"Enter!" a voice beckoned from the other side of the door.
"No, she probably saw that I would decide to tell you and probably didn't think that I would talk myself out of it."
"I'm back," Sam announced as he came into the room with a smile on his face before it disappeared. He looked between all of the adults with squinted eyes. "What's wrong?"
"This'll be cold," Nurse Barnes mentioned, right before touching his stomach.
"What can I say? It's my job as the older brother."
"Yeah, she sees the future, especially when it comes to people she cares about. The more time thought ahead about it, the easier it is for her to see."
"What do you mean?" Sam asked sarcastically. He had already shifted his weight, preparing for a fight if it came to that.
Dean sat a the kitchen table the next morning and stared out of the back windows. He had been staring out since the early dawn, but he barely recognized that change to the early morning. He was pulled out of his thoughts by a chair purposeful sliding across the floor loudly. He turned toward the sound and saw Celine pulling the chair out and holding out a mug to him.
Instead of saying anything to the group, she just stood up, brushed herself off, and walked away.
"How am I supposed to make Baby Omega his tea without his honey? You're lucky I was prepared." The group watched as the woman dug in her purse and pulled out a small plastic container with honey and a box of tea. "Oh, I also found this when I was at the store. It's made with flowers and whatnot but won't make Baby Omega sleepy. I thought he might want to try it."
"Nope," Amara agreed.
"Wait, I know something before Mikey? Score."
"Someone tampered with my heat suppressants," Cas said.
"Don't worry. I'll fix things now." John turned around and walked out the backdoor where he knew everyone else would be this time of day.
Mr. Novak looked at him proudly. "Would you like to see our library? I think that you might find something you might like?" The man held his hand out, willing for Sam to take it. Sam shyly took his hand as the man led him away.
Pulling up to the crime scene, Dean looked around the neighborhood. He whistled at the large house that was in front of him. Mansion would have been a more appropriate term.
"But... how," Cas stuttered.
Dean started with a deep sigh. "It has to do with my mate."
Sam watched as his mother paced along the living room as he tried to read. Every pivot of her heel caused him to lose his place in the book.
"Apparently it is an inside joke that only he understands," John responded.
"It's alright, guys. You're going to come home with me."
Slowly as to not wake the slumbering grace, he got out of bed. As soon as he was out, Castiel started to cuddle against Dean's pillow, taking up the entire bed as he went. Quickly and silently dressing, Dean walked out of the room, down the stairs where Sam was standing over the coffee maker, looking dead tired. Deam laughed at the thought.
Two people spoke simultaneously at that point, speaking being used loosely.
"What the hell is that?" Mary yelled over the sound of cracking wood.
Dean opened the door to see the two omegas curled together on the bed. Cas getting comfort from the older woman who was combing her fingers through his hair.
Sam easily relented, quickly walking over to the reception office. John and Mary got out of the car looking toward where Sam wandered off to.
"These things take time."
"Welcome to American Airlines flight 2736 to Salt Lake City, Utah, leaving from Gate B25," a woman at the front desk of the gate stated. "We'll be starting our boarding procedure shortly. Please note your boarding group on your ticket as we prepare to get everyone aboard. This is a full flight, so there will not be any available seats. We'll start with business class boarding and current military members."
"We'll be able to hear when it actually happens."
"Years of practice."
"Wasn't really trying to," he told her.
"What girl?" Sam was the first one to respond. Mary was the first "girl" to come around here in a while.
"Hey, Bobby," Dean said. "We have more information for you."
"I can't wait for the little one to show up," Amara said. "Everything's going to be great."
"That's weird?" Lucifer commented as he walked around.
Cas, in turn, answered with a yawn which was completely out of the norms for the angel. Sam and Bobby, who had been silent for the last little bit were looking like the apocalypse was back on the rise.
"My parents might not agree with you."
"Well..."
"You talked to those two, and we didn't hear from you for months. What else could we think except you were working with them."
"If you look closer, it gets even worse," Michael lamely said.
"Well, what did you expect me to do? It's not a common name."
"Ahh, so you have my book. If you don't mind, I would like it back."
A soft whimpering cut Sam off from the child they were talking about. Everyone stood up and made their way over. Mary picked up the young toddler, trying to comfort the young girl. Looking over the scene, Celine now had her eyes open, kneeling in front of Emily, resting their foreheads together. Celine was softly talking to the young woman, whatever it stayed between them. A dark aura that was able to be seen by everyone seemed to be grabbing Emily and pulling her. The girl looked calm all the way through, still slowly mumbling to herself. Sweat started to dribble down her face, showing the amount of effort the task was taking.
"Pretty much," Amara said as she continued opening and closing cabinet doors. Once Dean walked in again without Sam in tow, she asked him, "Where's your honey? I can't find it."
"No, they're just staying with me until their family picks them up."
He wanted to see Dean, and his brother's overprotectiveness was not going to stop him. He listened to the voices around him, not really taking them in, while curled into the desk chair that smelled clearly of Dean. It was the only thing keeping him calm. It felt like another hour when a voice came through his senses.
"Now, son," Zachariah said. "It's not as if you've completed your mating. I'm sure that you would like to continue looking around. You're young and have many years ahead of you. I know that you are taking care of a pup, but you can simply find someone else to look after it."
"Oh, come on, don't be like that. Why else would you be here?"
Turning toward Sam and Dean, "Then there are you guys, You guys look completely uncomfortable in those suits, and they look like they've been washed too many times." Walking toward the two of then, she walked toward them and dug around in their jackets. She took a step back and held their fake badges and wallets out and opened them. Yep, IDs, and credit cards that do not match. Really, guys. I know they're older singers, but you can do better. And Sam, by the way, your hair is against FBI protocol. You're kinda lucky that no one has mentioned it before.
"I'm the only unmated alpha. We collectively decided that I should leave. Charlie let me borrow a laptop so that I could still work."
"Go away," came from the other side.
"Boys!" Mary shouted at the two.
Mary and Dean looked through the notes they had gone through. Mary pulled a page out and said, "I found something along the lines of 'the worthless are wasting their lives away.' Then she goes on with how disgusted with them she is."
"Well, well, well," Amara's voice was soon heard filling the room. "I would normally call this very inappropriate behavior to walk in on."
Sam was the first one to speak. "Is that a jar of salt?"
"Thanks, because I'm literally about to explode," Dean groaned. "He's been crabby all week, and I just can't deal with it right now."
"I was home-schooled throughout the rest of my schooling and went to an omega-only university. I had completely isolated myself from real society. I always loved pups, so I decided to go into kindergarten education. I would see their personalities grow and see their happiness when they shifted for the first time. I also figured that any alphas I met would be mated, and I wouldn't have to worry about anyone trying to do anything to me."
The next day was... hell. There was no real way to soften the blow. No one slept between the three hunters twitching at the slightest sound or the shifting of light and the two reincarnated souls jailed in the uncomfortable panic room. Breakfast was an affair between shifting eyes and stuffy silence. Even though there was no trust in the room, no one had eaten last night, so why not let the "prisoners" eat as well, with the foods including salt, of course.
"Right," John said, getting up from the wall and walking back to the living room.
"Did you feed them a bunch of ice cream again?" Castiel softly teased.
"The wards broke," Castiel stated, suring himself for battle.
"What are the two of you doing?" he demanded.
"Yeah," Amara said sarcastically. "I'm sure two alphas would love to report that they got beat by an omega half a foot smaller than them. That would look amazing to their friends."
"I'll be there for you for the rest of the night."
"I don't understand why you aren't freaking out. I mean..."
"Now, I going to ask that you pull your shirt up and scoot your pants a bit lower than your hips so we can get a good angle."
The two walked up to the house in comfortable silence. Breaking the silence, Mary said, "By the way, we definitely need to get you an anti-possession tattoo. Can't have you being possessed. Again."
Cas pouted before crossing his arms across his chest and rested them against his extended belly. "You are supposed to say that. It doesn't count."
"Are you coming?" Sam asked him.
"Don't wanna," he mumbled.
"They went upstairs. To Sam's room, I bet. To be honest, I don't know if they will be playing or going back to sleep. Anyways, did you figure out what happened yesterday?"
"Really?" Sam asked, knowing exactly what Dean was talking about. Bobby also relaxed some after hearing this. "How soon?"
"Mary Winchester," Mary replied reaching out to shake the hand offered.
"I know things," Amara evasively said. "Do you want breakfast? I'm starving."
"What is it?
"This case we were put on," Dean replied tiredly. "Nothing is going the way Benny or I would like. That and your brother decided to interrogate me again today."
"You're not my father," Sam muttered.
"I'm looking at the kids. The older two look nothing like their dad."
"Cas, I need you to wake up for me, babe."
"You are good alpha," Cas murmured before grabbing at Dean's shirt and pulling him into the nest created out of bedsheets. Once in the bed, Cas took the alpha's shirt off before pushing him down and resting his head against his beating alpha. "I'm tired," the omega yawned before closing his eyes.
"Yes, it will just take a bit for my grace to restore itself," Cas responded, "but Emma is perfectly healthy."
"It makes the most sense. In the stories, the paw print was left to denote..." Benny trailed off, trying to find the right word.
The nurse looked between the two of them with confusion before shrugging it off. She brought the two of them to a small corner, getting Cas' height and weight before bring the two to a medical room.
"Come on, you two. You'll thank me when you don't get sick."
"Any reason why you think you're pregnant."
"We would like to call Agent Amara Bellum to the stage," Harvelle responded.
Tell Dean everything's going to be okay. I see barely any turbulence and a smooth ride.
The group raced to find a stairwell that would lead to the third floor. At the far end of one of the hallways, the five quickly made their way up the stairs to the third floor. They promptly filled out the hallway that led to another seemingly empty hallway. This time there was grunting that was heard farther in. Not wasting time being stealthy, they raced to find where the noise came from. In the middle of the hallway, they saw Emily being pushed back by an unseen force before rolling out of the way, where Cas soon took residence as the demon fought him in the direction. Emily jumped on the demon's back, seemingly trying to strangle it with her forearm and scratching at his eyes with the other hand. The demon instead back into the wall several times, trying to get the girl off his back, but she didn't seem to budge even when the demon knocking their heads together. When all that was going on, there was no way they would get a clear shot. Finally, the demon had turned so that he was facing the group in the hallway.
"Not likely. I would know my parent's scent from anywhere. It's just not here. It's as if they were never here."
"That's understandable; I guess it does seem strange. Well, you know how most children, for the most part, cannot lie."
"Which one?"
"I do remember them. Castiel was running late to watch the children for aftercare, so I went in to see what was taking him so long. The classroom door was closed, which is highly unusual, so I walked in. There were two people in there, with him, but he left as soon as he could. I tried to ask them what they were doing here, but they said it was a private matter before leaving.  I just let it go because they were giving me this... look. I don't know what, but... I was not comfortable with them being around. Especially when I had my son there with me."
With the hour quickly approaching its conclusion, the entire group cleaned their area before making their way back to the courtroom. Gabe and Kali broke away from everyone else closer to the back while Dean, Cas, and Lucifer walked closer to the front. The room was slowly filling back up with people as the chatter started to fill the space again. Right before the jury was escorted back in, Amara snuck into the front row, reached her hand back, gave Cas's hand a squeeze before sitting up straight again.
"What are you doing up?" he asked the pup.
"Is it possible?" she asked.
"You should be. Your brother is going to know everything there is to know."
Dean motioned for Sam to turn the corner to his desk when the pup stopped short of it. Dean walked to his side and looked in the same direction as his brother. He saw Benny sitting at his desk staring into his computer screen. To a small child, he could guess that Benny did look a little scary.
Dorothy took his words into consideration. "I'll call my boss. See what he thinks."
"Ready to go?" Sam asked her.
"No need for him to get a big head about it," Dean slyly said, earning a punch in the arm from the other alpha.
"Yeah."
"Why don't you tell me your name?" the alpha asked, stepping further into Castiel's space.
Noticing a slight bit of light coming from around the corner, Sam and Dean turned off their flashlights and readied their weapons. Slowly inching up, the voice from around the corner became clearer.
Behind him, Dean could hear Sam giggle. "Ha, ha," he said as he walked to his desk. He sat down in his chair, picking Sam up, so he was in his lap. Sam leaned back against his older brother's chest, smiling at the other alpha.
"Talking to you all would have given me away. Now, we really need to go somewhere before I tell you this information."
It was rare, but the concern was clearly seeping out of Gabe's voice. He usually kept airs of not caring; he knew when to turn it off.
"Pleeeeeeeease," the group in the living room could hear coming out of Dean.
"Yes, Sam. I have not figured out how yet."
"Now, what are your names?"
"That doesn't mean she's evil."
"Good choice, kid. I was thinking about the same exact thing."
"Guys, it looks like our help has arrived," Dean alerted them.
Cas just looked down at him with a slight smile, shaking his head at the horny hunter. In the blink of an eye, he was clothing again, donning his suit and trench coat. He leaned down to whisper in Dean's ear: "Get dressed, Dean."
"Think of the annoyance everyone else will think of when they inevitably think about you," Michael said, putting his fork straight through the piece of cake he now had. "You know, this is really good, Gabe."
"Years? Really?" Gabe asked, surprised.
Dean managed to make it home without getting pulled over and having every green light. It was almost as if he had an angel looking over him. Parking in the driveway, he immediately turned off the engine, locked the doors, and made his way to the front door. All the lights were off, and everything seemed quiet. Dean quickly racked through all of the trouble that Amara didn't warn himself about. He silently cursed to himself no getting more information out of her.
"Oh, it's nothing really," the woman replied. "It's just that the other moms and I haven't seen you around, and we know everyone. Or at least we thought we did. So where's your wife?"
"I remember being pregnant. It takes a lot out of you. You focus on taking care of yourself and the baby, sweetheart. I'm a grown woman; I can handle sore geet for a bit."
"Yeah, buddy?" Dean answered.
"Are you okay?" Castiel asked from behind her. Mary jumped out of her skin. She had forgotten he was there.
"Bobby's another hunter. He would help me sometimes in raising the boys. He also has this huge library with practically everything having to do with the supernatural. If anyone can prove that it is really us, it'd be him."
"We should probably sit down first."
"Cas?" Dean asked.
"I don't even know what that means," John said.
The three of them took the lead in trying to an entrance into the sewers. After a couple of minutes, they found a manhole in the center of the street. Sam and Dean both leaned to pick it up before lighting the hole with flashlights.
"How did you even get in here?"
"What's this about rehab clinics?" Dean asked.
Dean nodded at the instructions and went back into the living room.
Donna had finished her captivating testimony, with minimal backtalk from Daemon, before moving on to the many people a part of the operation willing to break their vow of silence for a shorter sentence. They seemed to be giving Harvelle any and everything they thought she wanted. The testimony was very damning, in his opinion. Dean did notice that none of them looked in the direction of the Novaks. At the same time, they talked, keeping their eyes firmly locked with either the lawyers or the jury members. Dean noted that Naomi looked as calm as possible while Zachariah had some worry bleeding through his expression.
"No, thank you. It's much too late for that."
"It is not," Castiel said. "It's a mixture of Latin, Greek, Macedonian and Sanskrit. There are some more mixed in, but I would have to study it more to understand what it says."
John looked over at the scene in front of him. In front of him had his oldest son and his... angel sitting a couple of feet apart, facing each other. Instead of focusing on each other, a small child with dark brown hair, nearly black, in pigtails was slowly walking, stumbling, really, in the grassy field. Whenever she fell, she would look exploringly at the parent in front of her before standing up and continuing along. Whenever she made it to one of them, she would get plenty of love before making her way back.
"Either way," Bobby continued. "You've gotten passed all the warding so far."
"So, I'm in danger of some fake people? Thank you for the help. I'll be sure to call the police if I see anyone looking suspicious."
They hiked through the night in hopes that they could get far enough North before having to find a place to get out of the sun. The entire trek consisted of miles and miles of open road and the occasional car that didn't slow down. The two of them were almost to the Nebraska border just before noon, almost going to find a ditch to lay in before someone decided to pull over. The white SUV stopped right beside the two of them, and the passenger side window rolled down. Inside were two men.
"Looks like we both have that in common," Mary said, turning away from what she was doing and looking straight at the man who was supposed to be her husband. "I've been running things around in my head, trying to make sense of things, but it's not... clicking."
You're Welcome!
"See you guys Monday," Dean waved as the two left before turning back to Cas. "So, what do you want to do now? I can take you home."
"That was last night. It is this morning now."
The two brothers nodded a packed a bag for each of them and Emma to last a few days. Celine went up to grab the bags she and Emily brought with them.
"Every year, all the kindergarten classes go to the park for a day before Fall really sets in, and the kids can't go outside. This year it's Wednesday."
"Hello, Castiel," the man said.
"We'll explain it to you," Dean sighed, indicating for all of them to go back into the conference room.
"I can make sure that's done," Benny left to see where in the process their perp was.
"Now isn't the time for questions. Go into work until I tell you not to. You'll get all your answers then. Jody, can you make sure they go?"
Cas quickly worked his way through the paperwork while Amara was buzzing with energy in her seat. It would have been pointless to try to calm her down. He stood up, handed the papers over before returning. Now that was done, he felt at peace. In a couple of minutes, he would have confirmation as to whether he was pregnant or not.
"We weren't really expected to be their children," Michael explained. "Adopting us, in the end, was just to save their own asses. Let's just say they didn't learn that stereotypes don't have a say in anything."
Dean rolled his eyes before taking over the cooking before the food burned.
"The best possible play would be to get her out and about," Bobby told the boy. "Another is to try to get her out of the house. I suggested Cas touch up the warding around the place. Make it harder at least."
"For now," Dean and Amara agreed.
"Can't."
"Latest pick up is at 5:30."
"If... I was to...," he continued as he fiddled with his fingers.
"Isn't this the case that they've been working on forever? Why am I just hearing about it?"
"So you punched both the attempted kidnappers?" Dean asked credulously.
As she left, Mary started to sit down, suddenly standing up as if she had sat on a tack. Reaching into her back pocket, she grasped what seemed to be a type of metal. She looked really happy as to what was in her hand as she brought it to her face as well as sitting back down.
"Let's do this then," Dean replied as he was led into the home.
"I do not think you were," the omega said with a gigantic blush crossing his face.
"It's no problem," Dean said, coming up to stand next to the omega, shrugging. "You did warn me. I was prepared for death threats."
The days of the trial seemed to drag on and on, with a mindless string of witnesses. The calm and almost nonchalant aura that Amara gave was the only thing that kept Dean from growling out in anger every time a new witness was brought to the stand. It was almost as if she wasn't worried about anything more happening, which could have been confirmed.
"What?" Dean asked, alarmed, wondering how much candy the pup had been eating behind their backs.
"I'm talking about the woman who he's talking to. He's..."
Dean was cooking dinner for the two of them when Sam interrupted his train of thought.
Dean felt himself start to growl lowly in his chest. Cas turned toward him with a small smile. "I'm fine now. Can I continue?" Dean felt calm as he nodded.
"Oh yeah. Just because you're an omega, you supposedly need to fall over some alpha or beta because of 'biology.' Not because you can want to live by yourself nor really care about relationships."
Mary pipped up. "I remember Disney, but I don't think I know what Pixar is."
"Don't know."
"Sam did the same thing," Mary mentioned to Castiel. "He told me to ask you about it."
It was thirty minutes that Dean finished the story. He slowly closed the books and stood up. In the bed were three sleeping children. He didn't want to move Sam and worry about having the boy go back to sleep. He left the room to grab Sam's night light and headed backing into the room. Plugging it in, he walked out the door and turned off the lights as he went.
This time, instead of freezing up like he used to, he looked into his eyes with a slight blush. "Hello, Dean."
"Pretty much."
"How far along are you?" she asked, taking a short in the dark,
"I know, but I need to do something. How long is this going to take?"
Sitting back down on the couch, Cas opened the blankets some more while Jody went to sit on his other side so that Mary could still see the baby. This time, the sweet things eyes were open staring at the faces in front of her with interest. The eyes were a dark blue on the cusp of turning a different color. Mary suspected green.
A timid voice then entered the room. "Sir, we think we found them."
Behind him, he heard Ms. Braeden ask the two who they were and why they were there before he turned the corner. He leaned against the wall, trying to catch his breath and settle his racing heart to not scare the children. He slowly and calmly walked into the gym with a forced smile on his face. As soon as he was settled, he quickly pulled his phone out and quickly dialed a number.
"Unless you just jinxed us."
"I have made sure all of the wardings are up and added more powerful ones as well," Cas pushed in. "Heaven also knows what is going on and will be looking to stop these demons as well. One will come should there be any information."
"Nothing," John replied. "We just had different opinions on how we should do things."
"Safety?" Charlie asked.
"When were you going to bring this up?" Cas asked excitedly.
"Glad to know I'm still important to you," Cas deadpanned, pulling himself and Dean into a seat across the way from Lucifer. Cas sat on Dean's lap and pulled the alpha's nose into the crook of his shoulder while everyone talked around him as if nothing was happening.
"All right, everyone. Please line up with your buddies," Cas called to the rest of the class.
"Need a ride home?" Sam asked her.
"And, what, you left the kids at home?"
Gabe gave an annoyed sigh. "Fine, but don't think you get out of this. I'm sending you all the candy I can, and you're going to eat it."
"I know that you two helped investigate the murders. You don't need to testify either?"
"What was that?" Mary asked once the ringing stopped.
"I thought I smelled food cooking," he said, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.
"Of course," Amara complained. "This conversation was the first that we were able to confirm were a part of the operation that we were looking into based on some the of information provided when asked. This was done to prove those we were talking to, and as you can see through the dialogue that occurred, there was no baiting of information. Once proving this was the operation we were looking for, we started talking about plans. Before official plans could officially be put into place, a meet was set up on the outskirts of New Mexico."
"Violet?" Dean asked. "Isn't that used in love poems."
Dean groaned. "I was hoping we wouldn't have to wear the monkey suits again."
"Okay, kiddo. I'll be right up."
"Kali is trying to convince him that it's a bad idea, but he says that he will be sending lots of candy to us. We should probably hide it from Sam, so he doesn't get cavities."
"Yeah! Cake!" Steve was heard cheering.
"Who is this Gabriel you speak of. Is he handsome?"
The four made their way out of the terminal, and Lucifer guided the way to the exit. Sam was leaning, sleepily, against Lucifer's shoulder and got slightly cranky when anyone went to move him. Cas and Dean carried all of the luggage that Lucifer couldn't hold himself. At the same time, he texted back and forth with Gabe. The four walked into the hot Utah sun as looked for Gabe, who was waving wildly once they came into sight.
"So," John started, wanted to get off the subject of getting involved with the world of supernatural beings, "do you know any creatures that can bring people back to life? Mainly us, since we were hunters when we were alive before."
"Alright, I have other stories I need to discuss with you."
Dean turned around, trying to go back inside, when Abbadon grabbed his arm, preventing him from moving any farther.
"Oh, they're very real, and a certain one in a trench coat has been giving us trouble. Seems he's done the same to you. Now, the others put in the report about the crazy things you were spuing. I just had to see it for myself. Imagine my surprise when you talked at an angel having a baby."
"Dean said I could stay over?"
He didn't need to. The two alphas understood perfectly what he was trying to say. First, the two people of the omega's nightmares show up out of nowhere and already threaten to have alphas take him by force. The two let out more ferocious growls while Cas continued to stifle his tears.
After a couple of minutes, they heard the sound of a beater leaving the property. The tension left the group, but they knew it wasn't going to be the end of it. This was a shoe that Sam and Dean were expecting to drop sooner or later. Mary had her answer as to whether her marriage was worth saving.
Here, Castiel took over the conversation. "Sometimes, a student won't be allowed in class with someone they know in a more familial way. Your brother and I decided that we didn't want you to leave since you were doing well in my class. Also, if it didn't work out, I would still be your teacher."
"To him, hunting was the only thing he had to do. It was my job to take care of Sammy."
Castiel felt pitiful as he laid in bed. All he wanted was for his alpha to stay in bed with him, but that wasn't possible at this time. He was swamped trying to put Castiel's parents in prison. He didn't want to be an annoyance. It felt like weeks since Dean had really been there, constantly working on the case, hoping to find something.
The ring of people opened up to face him. Looking at the creature, he did notice that it was slightly rounder than when they had first met.
"What?" all of the adults in the room turned and yelled at her.
"As I said, we have something to discuss." Her smile slightly dimmed, as if she were not expecting him to question her presence there.
"Now, Sam, I knew you hated your father, but enough to shot him," the demon said with a disapproving voice.
"What?" John repeated.
They nodded. They got everything done that they needed to before finding an outside table to retry the spell.
No matter how improbable, Bobby had to have done the tests. They had to stand under a devil's trap to be where they were standing. There was some relief at the thought, but the knot in his chest just continued to grow. Sparing a glance at this father, the reason for the growing knot, he just hoped that his mother would make it all better, just like she always did when he was younger.
"Of course, they are. It's not like they know how to do anything."
Dean led Sam outside and into the Impala. He was talking all about what they had done today in class. Apparently, today was a fun day filled with finger painting. Sam said that he painted their backyard while the other children drew the wolf version of themselves. Dean could hear the sadness in the pup's voice as he listened to this, but there was nothing he could really do about it other than ensure that he knew that he would shift when it was time. He also asked the pup what the other children who didn't draw wolves were. Hearing this question, the pup perked back up and explained what the other children drew.
Cas playfully pushed his brother away from him before attaching himself to the Alpha's arm. "Stop pretending you don't like each other. I know the two of you go out and get drinks so many times."
Lucifer grabbed a chair from the next chair over and sat down with an intense gaze toward Benny. "What do you know?"
"Exactly correct."
"I wouldn't do that," Amara sang with a smirk on her face.
"And if you can't completely get out, I think everything will be fine as long as your child knows that you love them. Children are resilient. Love and having somewhere to call home goes a long way."
"How about we talk about this peacefully instead of yelling in the middle of a parking lot? I'm sure we can all talk like adults."
"When we went back-to-school shopping."
"What can I say? I'm having a great day."
"No, I would not say just the financials records that we were able to disclose, but lots of other information the turned up throughout the investigation. As I mostly dealt with the human trafficking component, I feel it would be inappropriate for me to comment on the other connections we found."
"But you look serious."
"Hey, guys. I'm Donna. Amara sent me down here thinking that I could help."
"I know... I just feel like this is yet another thing held against me over something I can't control. I didn't ask for this."
"Oh, I'm sorry, Mister 'I'm-a-legendary-hunter-and-the-stories-monster-tell-are-about me.' I don't see you doing anything about being trapped here. If anything, I saved you." Emily turned into John's face and pointed at the door. "Until you have anything useful to say, stay quiet, and help me get through that door. We have to save them."
"I like seeing you every day. When schools over, I won't be able to."
"Oh, nothing really," she said, waving him off. "Just tell me you didn't do anything in front of the children. Small, fragile minds running around that absorb everything. Can't corrupt the children, now can we."
Sam and Dean quickly continued on to the door that was left standing open. Inside, the room was found empty, with no one else in it. Flipping a switch, the room was bathed in light. In the corner, the vacant eyes of Sebastian's meat suit met them, looking perfectly healthy.
"I hoped I would never see them again."
"You don't go anywhere by yourself," Lucifer demanded of his brother.
Sam and Dean ran across the corner and saw the four others.
"What?" Dean asked.
"Did you really have to get your ash on the carpet?" Bobby asked.
"There's just one thing that I don't understand," Emily mentioned, turning toward Mary. "You mentioned that his name was John. If this is all adding up the way it should, he should be dead, and with the way you look super similar to Dean, I mean its uncanny, you should be dead as well."
"Shut it, Mikey," the two yelled in unison at their older brother.
"How do you do that?" Dean asked miraculously.
"He's wondering if their parents are coming back in time for the first day of school. To take pictures of them going in again."
The group watched as the two continued to work, in their own world practically. They had gone through several pages of notes before one of them acknowledged the group.
Emily turned around and made her way out of the room. Once out of earshot, Celine continued. "As you can see, we have a long way to go," she sadly stated.
"If they're doing every part of this spell, they would have already had to start if they want to try and summon this new moon. The best chance is to try and make it harder, but it's going to be impossible to keep them off forever. As long as Emily's will stays strong enough, we can prevent the summoning from occurring. Tracking, I haven't done anything like that before."
He took pictures on his camera of the woman. He also got some photos of the children who were running about. His file didn't say anything about him having a family, but here they were, with a woman on the side, it seems. It started to get late in the day, and when it looked like Dean would be leaving, he drove away, making sure that he wasn't seen.
As soon as the first shot went out in the other hallway, another door opened as demons went to check out what was going on. Bobby was quick to fire at the first demon, while Mary shot at the one directly behind. Unfortunately, there was a third one that avoided the spread and was running at them. While the other two were reloading, Celine quickly started a salt line in front of them. When the next gunshot when off, she flinched from the sound but keep moving. One had made his way directly to the line before he flashed, looking at a knife in his chest before falling. They could hear the flapping of wings but didn't see anything else until the other two demons finished flashing. There standing in the center, stood Castiel, hardly looking bothered had you not looked into his eyes and say that absolute rage hidden within his eyes.
"I mean, look at her. She knows something."
Amara took a deep breath before continuing. "You smell weird," she said, wondering.
"Someone killed one of his people and left a paw-print made of ash," Benny concluded. "I think I've said all there is to say."
"Cassie, there's no way..."
"Amara didn't tell me anything about you."
"We can," Cas answered.
Hearing two pairs of footsteps walk in, Sam sat slightly up to see who it was. Seeing the omega, the pup quickly reached out for him and curled into his chest, taking deep breaths.
"Ahh, there you are, Baby Omega. I thought we would have to have a search party for you. Make sure the big, bad alpha didn't do anything to you."
"What do you mean?"
"According to the story, that symbol occurred when some bad guys did some terrible things to scare them away. Might not have been left by your parents, but for your parents. We don't know. Charlie is looking more into it. This might be a lot bigger."
Naomi and Zachariah stood up and made their way out of the room. Zachariah would make sure all of the money was in order. At the same time, Naomi would greet their guests and network, trying to expand their reach. Castiel just sat there feeling empty, knowing that this was going to be his life one day.
"What happened?" Dean asked her.
Dean started chuckling. "Yeah, that's true. His time in jail is going to be absolute hell."
"Buddy," Dean said lightly, "They're probably going to be gone by the time we leave."
"Gabe, please don't," Cas yelled into the phone.
"What do you want now?" Dean mumbled.
"Don't lie," Lucifer said. "We all know you're terrified of Kali. You don't have to try and convince us."
Sam quickly grabbed clothes out of his duffle, and hurried into the bathroom, practically throwing his clothes onto his body. It took him a while, but he did eventually realize he was practically naked in front of his mom. Afterward brushed his teeth filling his mouth with tons of bubbles.
"With pleasure."
"Dean," he said while holding out his hand.
"I'm Mary, and we were wondering if you would be able to help us."
The door closed in the sound of footsteps making their way through. Once she got in the living room entrance, she turned in gave him a wicked smile with a raised eyebrow.
"It's alright. It's not hurting her right now. She's safe right now," Celine loudly said to her daughter so everyone could hear her.
"Now that the angel's gone," a deep voice fell into the room, "we can have some fun."
"And if I don't?" Emily asked.
"Right. I actually kind of expected you to be shorter."
He sat himself up, making sure to not disturb the alpha next to him, carefully placing his alpha's head in his lap, combing through the short dirty blond hair. The position wouldn't be very comfortable, but it would have to do. He didn't want to move too far away.
"You're not fat, babe," Dean assured him. "You are doing the awe-inspiring job of making life inside of you."
Dean showed up to take the case file out of the chief's hand. The two went downstairs, getting into one of their unit specified cars. Dean gave Benny the address while he sat in the passenger seat, reading some of the case details.
"I could show you real power. You could have anything you want, do whatever you want."
"Right," he responded with suspicion. Dan gave his wife a strange look to which she responded with a roll of her eyes.
"Great," Celine supplied. She walked into the back bringing back a wide iron container. When she set it down, they could see that it contained the jar of salt he had the previous day, a couple of bundles of sage, and a lighter. "We should probably take this outside. I rather not set off the fire alarms."
"Okay. Do you think Dean would like pasta for dinner?"
Dean stood straight up and turned to leave. "You're going to believe what you want to believe. Nothing I say is going to change your mind."
It's biblical, like everyone else in my family."
Celine smirked, "I thought it was better to do it this way."
"Aww," Sam said teasingly. "So you do have emotions."
"Still sleeping," Mary responded.
The two men separated and walked toward her to walk into the kitchen.
Mary decided to give the letter to Celine. She took it out of Mary's hards and rub at the tear stains. Mary started to flip through the pages of the book. There were pictures here and there, but it was nearly indecipherable.
"Makes the most sense. They can steal blood for speels and have no one look into the murders. I'll have to look more into it. See if I can see anymore in the general areas that the bodies were found."
"What do you mean?" Lucifer asked, getting out of his sleep fog.
"I wouldn't mind you coming over in the slightest. Just give us a little bit to get settled."
"They're not my parents," Cas answered loud enough for everyone to hear with a small smile. They could tell it still hurt, but it was a starting point."
"Good point," Mary injected. "John, your turn."
They're anti-possession charms and the like," she told him, reaching her arm with the bracelet so that he would put it around her wrist.
The only reply he received was a whimper yet again. Stepping into the room, Dean was nearly brought to his knees. His nostrils instantly filled with the overwhelming scent of his mate, with the tenges of heat starting to appear in his scent. His pants were much tighter as the thoughts of "mate" and "breed" filled his head. Dean shook his head, trying to clear his head before he got too far along. He and his omega never discussed this prior. He walked stiffly closer to his mate and gently shook him awake after realizing that he was asleep.
"This little game of yours has gone on for quite enough, Castiel. It was cute while it lasted, but no more. We're taking you home with us."
Ms. Harvelle nodded, listening to the question. "I cannot say much now, as we need to let to course of justice take place. We did not go into these arrests lightly and ensured there was sufficient evidence before bringing them in. As we do not want to be accused of swaying a jury, I will leave it at that."
"Congratulations, Brotha," Benny said, walking closer to the two, slapping Dean on the back. "You know, Andrea probably still has all the books somewhere when she was having the little one. I'll see if she'll let you have them."
"Is it her, or... whatever it is?"
The sound of climbing upstairs was also heard. Turning toward the door, they saw Celine walk in with a bruise starting to form on her face and neck. Looking at  everyone  and the damage in the room but lingering her eyes on Dean, she asked, "What happened?"
"Partner?" Sam and Dean asked.
As soon as it was clasped, a waiter came up to them and started asking them: "so do you know what you will be having this evening?"
"What's wrong?" he asked.
"But the two of you were talking about bees?"
The two walked in comfortable silence, looking at all the sights along the way. Making it to the coffee shop, they noticed that it was a quaint little local store instead of one of the massive chain stores. From the windows, it didn't seem to be too busy, so they got into line.
"Thank you, Detective Lafitte," Cas said.
"No! Stop asking!"
"I can still feel them in my head," Emily said from where she tried to gain composure.
"Oh, hey Cas," Charlie greeted. "I didn't know that you were going to be here. We could have grabbed you something."
"A couple of items for protection. It is quite powerful."
"That's so not fair," she muttered as she shook her head. "Christie. Sam. Steve. It's time to go," she called over to the children, who seemed to have ignored the entire interaction.
Dean quickly holstered his weapon and walked behind the pissed-off alpha whose annoyed pheromones were now filling up the room. He opened the first door he saw, assuming it was the bedroom. The screaming sounded louder as he opened the last barrier for the sound.
"What did Amara threaten you with?" Cas bluntly asked.
"No, you heard me correctly."
All three of them nodded their heads in agreement. He pulled out a chair that was in the corner of the room toward the bed before sitting on it. He opened the book, cleared his through, and proceeded to tell the story.
They walked into the house, knowing what they were going to see, yet not wholly believing. Since the scene was so new, they had no pictures yet. According to the preliminary report, the crime scene was practically sparkling still. There wasn't any blood splatter covering the front entrance walls, but there were plenty of crime scene techs roaming around.
"I'm telling you, Novak, I didn't find anything."
Dean went to the first body, pulling the victim's arm from underneath the white sheet. Sure enough, there were track marks in the crease of the elbows. Sam put the files down and checked all of the victims' arms with his brother. Every single one of them had track marks.
"I have my ways. I need more coffee."
"They say no, and that you have to go downstairs. So let's go."
"I'll eat later. I promise."
"How much longer until I meet my grandchild?" Mary asked him, changing the subject.
Dean froze because he had, in fact, not. Both he and Cas agreed that for now, it would be best to not let anyone know so that the school wouldn't kick Sam out of the class. He's been flourishing under Cas's guidance and didn't need the suspicion of favoritism in the classroom running amok.
"The sooner this is over, the better," the woman responded before turning to Castiel. "Sorry, we're rude. I'm Charlie, queen of the precinct."
"Gross?"
He quickly changed out of his clothes and turned the shower on. He spent a considerable amount of time in there, running a list of monsters at first, mentally crossing them out. Then he went to the more obscure. The more the thought about it, the less likely they seemed. If everything went as planned tonight, he would be closer to an end goal.
"Jody...," Dean started.
"Yeah, he's a little bit grumpy, but you can tell he cares about his boys."
"But you're thinking about it," Amara mentioned.
Lucifer looked around, making sure they were alone. "Where's Sam?" he asked.
"Who is Bobby?" Mary asked again.
"You would be correct. So far, we're not getting much out of them. I was hoping your brother could at least place one of them or at the very least give a motive for the possible kidnapping. May I come in?"
"My brother wants to talk to you."
What, Sammy? It's human nature. Guy's gotta eat."
"I got you a crib," Lucifer shrugged. "It's a white one since I figure you didn't need to be blinded by all the yellow all over the place. Also, I wasn't walking out of the store with all of the mess."
"So I can go to the a-quar-e-um. Mr. Novak says it's a place with lots of fish. And sharks. I want to see a shark. They're really big."
"I didn't say that," Bobby grumbled.
"Then we can discuss it out here," Dean said, taking another step outside and closing the door.
A light bulb instantly went off in Dean's head as to why Castiel wasn't so scared. "The heat you went into last month. You think your parents had something to do with that. Is that why Amara's on a rampage?"
"Three kids?" Mills joked. "That must be tough."
"Even though he's your husband?" Dean asked her.
"While the group that makes up the initial mythology are fake, the stories come from real groups of people all across the world," Abbadon rushed out. With Dean facing her again, she continued. "These savage groups would be made up mostly of omegas and betas who would rule over alphas and had the capabilities of killing them. Didn't even care at the number they killed."
"Now that I know," Sam asked, "Does that mean that Mr. Novak can come over more? And sleepover? I think that would be fun."
"That you were overprotective and a homicide detective."
Castiel turned his back on his older brother and walked out of the living room. Lucifer's face was somewhat overcome with surprise that his brother spoke up to him. Dean went to follow the omega, and anger was soon replaced on his face. Obviously, the bastard lured his romantic-at-heart little brother with a confession. Lucifer vowed to convince his brother otherwise. He walked out of the living room and into the hallway and watched the two leave the house.
"Well, the human trafficking component is usually the hardest to prove in many cases. In this one, it was a knockout of the part. The hardest part will be to connect all of the murders. That's where all of the jail time is coming from, at least for now. Making sure the double jeopardy doesn't kick our asses."
Looking at her eldest's lover... boyfriend, she was aa bit curious about him. Yes, he was an angel, and she didn't think that she would ever meet one, but that wasn't it. There was something up with him, but she didn't know what. Call it female intuition.
Dean led the two of them into the living room to drop their stuff off before moving into the kitchen, where the four of them could talk without the noise traveling upstairs.
"Well then," Celine stated with a determined voice, "We better get them back."
"Just a little bit earlier," John lied. "Definitely out of my system."
"We'll go for now," Naomi readily agreed before dragging her husband away from the door.
There was a small room when the doors opened. It was thick and ominous. Naomi typed in another password and the door opened with a loud buzzer. Walking into the room, Castiel knew that he should keep his eyes down, avoiding the gazes of those around him. Unfortunately, he couldn't help staring into the helpless, dead eyes of the other omegas locked in the cages along the walls. He was roughly pushed forward by Zachariah, falling directly on his knees. Punishment for stopping in the middle of the walkway. Castiel pushed himself off the floor and scurried to catch up down the ominous hallway with the only sound coming from the clacking of Naomi's heels.
What are the two of you doing?" Sam asked, trying to be casual about it, but it was hard because he felt that John was up to something.
"Of course not, Sam," Dean was quick to answer before gathering the pup in his arms. "You're going to be stuck with me forever if I had it my way. Nothing could make me let you go."
"Sorry, babe. We had company."
Mary nodded in agreement before taking Cas by the arm and practically dragged him away from Dean. Shotgun in hand, she hoped that they deduced the correct part of town and that this would be over soon. The sooner this was over, the more time would have to think about things.
The alpha nodded at another one of the men, this one a beta, to go fetch the inducer.
"Are you guys coming?" Gabe yelled over his shoulder. "I'm not afraid to leave all of you behind. I'll do it too. I don't care what Kali says about it."
"And you have. Now, dinner should almost be ready," he said as he stood up. "Next time you have questions about Dean, either ask him or me. You really do not have to sneak around."
"I'm sure Gabe would love to cook you something when we get there."
"Why? So you can warn her on how to act in public?"
"Hello, sweetheart," Naomi stated. "It's so nice to see you once again."
"Are you sure?" Michael asked. "I'm pretty sure Kali hates me."
"We're fine," Cas told her. "I think we're just a bit spooked. Especially the little one."
The woman lifted her hand with a smirk on her face. The group tensed, waiting for something to happen. When nothing did, the woman across the room looked at them with an angry look on her face.
"We?" Sam asked, confusion evident.
"I can just call them," Mary stated. "I talk to Celine often, she helps get ingredients to other hunters that need them and is a good contact to have in general. She knows a bit about what's going on in general, so I'll just have to catch her up."
Cas muted the television, not wanting to hear anymore. He wrapped his legs closer to himself. Did they really have all the evidence they were alluding to, or were they hoping that more people would speak up? Would he finally have to say something?
Dean was anxious as he left work that Friday. Not only did he have a date tonight, but he also had to see the man beforehand when picking up his younger brother. Benny was looking over him all day with a smirk on his face muttering about him being a lovesick puppy. If anything, he was a wolf who was finally given a chance to court his true mate.
Soon the gavel sounded. "We'll call it for the night. We will continue the testimony of Agent Hanscum tomorrow morning at eight. See you all tomorrow."
"What do you mean by you 'confirmed it?'"
"It's alright," Amara cooed in his ear. "There's nothing to worry about. It's probably doctor talk that we wouldn't understand anyway. They'll tell us anything we need to know."
Turning around the corner, he called out, "Yo, Bobby. Who are you talking to...?"
Once Mary had finished her first cup, she looked somewhat alive.
"Why don't you just type it up? It would probably be easier."
"Yes, we did. Knowing that they could very well be tracking those accounts to see what was going on, we kept the cover. In the beginning, they were small tasks, tests really, to see how good we were at what we did. As time passed, there would be harder tasks, as the payment was slowly increased. We estimate that the slowly increasing funds necessary to complete each task were to not set off financial agencies. It was within the last year that we really got a bite."
Half an hour ago, Dean had made a pleading call to Cas. The omega said that he would be right over, sacrificing his Saturday to babysit. The pup, at this point, was curled up on the couch, mumbling to himself. The front door rang, and Dean ran to the front door to open it. Standing there was Castiel in a more casual outfit but still with his signature trench coat standing at the door with a soft smile.
"What are we going to do?"
"None, they're not talking. Seem scared of something, but it's not us. Hoping that maybe Castiel had an idea? Whether he might have seen them around?"
"Jody...," Sam stammered.
After a few seconds, Sam continued. "Yes, we'll be there as soon as we can." To the group, he said, "We got to go."
"Of course you do," Castiel sighed and turned his attention to the commotion out in the hall.
"That would help," Sam replied.
"Fine," Lucifer replied with a defeated sigh before turning back to Dean. "I'm still keeping my eyes on you."
All five men in the room turned toward her in sync. Of all reactions to hearing that angels existed, this was certainly a new one. Far away from being stabbed by what might as well have been a butter knife, but Mary felt no shame. She felt incredibly pleased with the thought of her children being watched over by angels as she always told them. The only thing that she could respond with was a question: "really?"
"Maybe if there's another one on our way to the gate."
"Not an exact location because of the warding. I can tell you the direction it is coming from. It is not too far away."
"They do inspire strong emotions," Cas said blankly.
"Really?" Amara asked. "That's all?"
"As far as I can see, there are no records of anyone ever being successful. There aren't any starting points in the research, at least, none that were preserved."
"Your brother is coming up the yard."
He looked down at the tiny pup that was standing beside him. His little brother was hiding behind his legs, indicating that he was frightened. The man with the blue eyes was standing in front of him, head tilted so that his messy, raven black hair was hiding his eyes from view.
Whispering, the omega asked him, "Did you mean it?"
"Thank you, Director Hendrickson. I would like to personally assure the public that I have been following the investigation very closely, making sure the evidence was ethically gathered, and there was no skirting of police protocol. Understanding the importance of a case such as this, the evidence is airtight and cannot be easily slipped out of. Also know, considering the charges, I am reluctant to give any deals that lessen the charges that each person rightly deserves.
"I suppose now that the guest of honor has shown up along with its host, I suppose you can," Kali mentioned, getting the plates so that she could cut the cake.
Dean had an interesting day at work. The majority of it was spent getting into the system and filling out insurance information. By the time that he had finished, it was time to pick Sam up from school.
"He's not in trouble... Actually... he'll be much safer after this."
"I don't have a stupid look on my face. You have a stupid look on your face."
"You boys should get some sleep," Mary said as she was starting to set the couch up for herself. It sounded more like an order, but everyone was willing to follow.
