What Tony did know was that the Rhododendron also had an army of robots that were obviously Doom Bot rip-offs attacking London, Cairo, Tokyo, Seoul and Singapore. Oh, and hundreds of those mega fuzz buzz that Steve nearly died trying to destroy were popping up all over the world, each reproducing multitudes of those tiny little zappers. This was why Tony was now doing all he could not to tear his hair out in absolute frustration.
Tony woke with a start. Nightmares had been plaguing him relentlessly since that God awful mission four days ago. After his team had brought him back to the tower safely, he had isolated himself in his lab not long after regaining consciousness. When he wasn’t trying to drown out his nightmares with dangerous amounts of coffee and alcohol, he was restlessly trying to solve the mystery of the nauseatingly complex puzzle that is the dense data code Calamity gave to him.
Tony woke up well into the next evening after becoming thoroughly acquainted with an expensive bottle of scotch.
About an hour later we find our Captain finally releasing his left hand out of a restraint. He had finally developed a rhythm of gentle tugging and twisting to slowly inch his hand free. After losing patience with that, in a fit he dislocated his thumb and yanked his hand free. He reset it with a sickening pop after releasing his other hand.
"Oh shit! I just remembered; Jarvis told me two hundred and fifty doom bots are incoming." Tony exclaimed in a rush. "And more cities are under attack!"
“W-what’s going… to h-happen now?” He asked softly in a strained whisper, his eyes never leaving the sky.
The Rhododendron's body fell to the ground in a disgusting heap. He was gray and utterly devoid of life. Calamity turned to the group with her hand held out still holding on to the beautiful white light. The entire group all remained completely still in petrified silence. All except Steve. He stood and steadily and approached her.
Tony crumpled in on himself, cradling Steve closer. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." He whispered then placed a gentle kiss on his forehead.
He found a way into the second factory by a broken out window on the ground floor.  He quickly found the place non-operational.  So that means no elevators.  He had to take the stairs. He looked up the staircase and experienced that odd phenomenon where the stairs seemed to keep going on and on, forever growing.
“So, Von Doom has started attacking the Silicon Valley in California earlier this morning. He seems to be focusing on various factories in San Jose. We believe he searching for a specific piece of experimental technology. He has dozens of those advanced adaptable doom bots with him.” Clint said as he displayed images taken just minutes ago.
The Winter Soldier dove from the roof and tackled Steve to the pavement. That knocked the wind out of him but he quickly scrambled up to his feet and tried to keep his footing. He tried to steady himself but the soldier was on him re-engaging quickly.
Huh, three hours?  Steve could have sworn it had only been minutes…  He turned his attention back to the monitor.
Motivated with some newfound energy and positivity from this new development he launched tiny micro probes and attached them to all five devices. He'll be able to use those probes to commandeer the spatial disorders so he didn't have to hack into each one individually.
"Sure is, they're right over here." She indicated that they follow her to the reserved section. "It's these two here." She said pointing to two large rolls of pale blue and yellow fabric.
Now, here he was, basking in yet another failed attempt to at least get more than an hour of sleep in. He was soaked in sweat and panting heavily as he desperately tried to stave off the anxiety attack that threatened to consume him. This particular nightmare, though similar to the others, was vastly more overwhelming. Ever since fighting against the Rhododendron his nightmares had consisted of nearly every presentation of his Iron Man persona losing control and killing his team. Everything from his suits being taking control of to his very mind becoming altered or brainwashed.
“On second thought you’re with me, I’m going to make sure you learn to have a good time.  I am not going to let you waste your vacation on SHIELD work or training.  No way.”
Tony wanted to go but it was the consensus that he should stay put, on standby, and hold down the fort so to speak and continue working on the code. The only recompense, if you can call it that, was that there had been no new reporting’s of Calamity’s coma since Steve was taken nearly two weeks ago. The number of known cases plateaued at 1,039.
He began to write out his letter starting with sorely needed apologies. He didn’t want to go in too deep. He had but a few pages left and he knew the moment he opened up to leave is message for Tony he could write a novel. He didn’t have room for a novel, so he had to make every word count.
This is definitely my biggest chapter yet as I have decided to keep it altogether. So, to all those who enjoy long chapters, you are most welcome. And to all those who prefer shorter chapters, my humblest apologies.
“He made his choice, Tony. Now it’s up to you to figure out how to stop her.” Clint tried to reason with him.
They remained on the floor panting. Finding themselves in yet another terrifying silence. This time Clint was the first to speak.
“I don’t mind, we had a good run didn’t we brother? I was sure we would have perished sooner than this.” Wanda voiced wistfully.
After attaining a painfully visible brain freeze that sent the both of them into a howling laughter they bid the various remaining people which mostly consisted of the staff a hearty fare well.  Tony paid the bill after Steve relented his insisting that he could pay his fair share, the genius wasn’t hearing any of it.  Tony suited up and they escaped out the back door from once they came.
“Okay.” Steve opened the map. “Here’s what I have, we are here.” He pointed to their location on the map. “What I want to do is get us to this area here.”
From the corner of his eye he saw Barnes land on the pavement painfully and rolled several meters as he desperately tried to evade a group of about twenty doom bots. At some point it looked like he lost his helm and blood seemed to pour down the left side of his face.
Tony almost wanted to demand why he did not say anything before. Then he remembered where he was and all the shift that happened since.
Tony continued, “Do you know why it hurts so much? Why you will never willingly be able to forget a single detail or why you will never be able to forgive yourself as long as you live?”
“I may be exhausted and all, but my mind is racing too much to even try to sleep.  Now before you can object and try to drug me,” He amended quickly after Steve looked ready to object.
As the Super Soldier ushered the babbling drunken man to his room, the crazy genius started to utter some of his most profound secrets that not even Rhodey or Pepper knew. Needless to say he had to completely trust Steve to keep his secrets safe. Somehow, though, he found that it really wasn’t all that difficult to do so.
He was subconsciously leaning just a little bit more toward Tony, achingly seeking comfort. His eyes were despairingly pale. His crutch started to shake do to his desperate grip upon it.
He quickly turned to look at the painting of the flying suit of armor he created in hopes that it would trigger his memory only to gasp in shock. The canvas was blank, also.
Really, they should all know what he is capable of by now.  He really doesn’t understand why they’re surprised.  They all of them should’ve expected as much.
Tony gawked at him and sputtered. Honestly, he had nearly given up on Barnes altogether. Yet here he stood before him with that insufferable look on his cocky face.
After cleaning up and establishing that they did not need a bonfire to do so, they had distributed what was left of Steve’s supply for a light breakfast. Pietro had woken up sometime after Steve and Bucky’s emotional exchange and moaned about how he was glad he didn’t have to witness it.
Once he was able to break the surface he would have the capacity to lose them lickety-split. The tails were gaining faster than Tony had anticipated, however.
She said it was for certain. There was something oddly refreshing knowing that. For once he was working with a sure thing. He shook his head at the morbidness of it.
Antonia was silent for a long moment, carefully mulling over her father's words. She had known, ever since she was but a child, that this day would come. The day where her accomplishments, her studies, and her very own self would no longer be enough to protect her status and her independence. She was the daughter of a king, but her father had nothing to offer in an alliance, the better part of his lands and money already given to her sisters, who, thanks to their father’s riches, had been able to choose their own husbands, a rarity among those of royal blood.
The girl let go of her with a gasp, looking up at Antonia’s face with wide, terrified eyes, and before Antonia knew what she was doing she had the girl pinned against the wall, her knife pressed against the girl’s throat.
Even more confused, Steve stepped into the kitchen… and was met with the sight of Tony, fast asleep, lying face down on the table with an arm dangling down the side and a cup of coffee in his hand, the liquid slowly dripping on the floor.
Before continuing with this tale, the readers must be informed of what follows: once upon a time, in a certain forest of the province of Brooklyn, there was to be found a strange race of beings, for whom one half of their bodies bore a resemblance to that of a man, though they had ears like a goat’s and horns as well, and who in their lower parts had legs resembling those of a rough and shaggy goat, with a little tail, hairy and short. These creatures were called satyrs, and their depredations often caused great loss and damage to the villages and the farms and the people living in the country outside Brooklyn.
The guard bowed before Steve and then began speaking. “Yesterday night, I bore witness to this maiden entering Sir Antonio’s chambers. After but a few minutes, I was alerted by the sound of a girl’s crying and something breaking, and hurried to request assistance if needed. Sir Antonio dismissed me without allowing me to enter, and a few minutes later the girl ran out his chamber, in tears and with her clothing in disarray.”
Deborah watched him go, pleased. Her plan had been set into motion. Now she just needed to wait until nightfall.
Natasha, of course, had to be the most dramatic of them all. She had found Tony sleeping on the piano in her ballet room, and she had proceeded to pick him up and carry him all the way to his and Steve’s bedroom before unceremoniously dropping him on his sleeping boyfriend. Steve had startled so bad he almost fell off the bed, and she had hissed at him before stomping off.
And it so happened that such rumors reached the ears of one of Steve’s potential suitors, a rich maiden by the name of Deborah. She had been courting Steve since she had come of age, and while the king of Brooklyn was powerful enough not to need an alliance with her, their two families had a long history of conflicts that their fathers had tried to mend, and a marriage between them had been discussed from the day they had been born.
Steve nodded in acknowledgement, dismissing the knight and ordering he be given a room with every necessity he might require, and then Steve quickly said his goodbyes, anxious to retreat to his chambers.
Deborah sighed, satisfied. In the morning, she would ask an audience with the king, bringing the girl with her, and denounce Sir Antonio for taking advantage of an innocent girl.
Steve had shown him his sketchbooks once, because keeping them hidden felt too much like a violation Tony’s trust. Tony had looked at every single drawing, blushing more and more as each page went by, and once he was done he proceeded to kiss Steve stupid before dropping to his knees and showing him how much he
Steve was filled with such a strong wave of relief that he had to close his eyes to keep himself under control. Tony, his beautiful, clever, loyal Tony, truly was innocent. He should have never doubted it.
He had the sudden temptation of banishing her from his kingdom, just for daring to accuse his beloved knight of such vile acts. But he could not, for his own foolishness had provided her with multiple witnesses of her fair and open demand for justice.
To this the satyr answered, “I laughed, Knight, not at the dead child, but at the so-called father, to whom the child in the coffin was no kin at all, and I laughed at the priest singing the office, who was the real father. Wouldn’t you have laughed, had you known that the mother of the child had carried on an affair with the priest?'
The man kneeled gracefully, placing his hand on his breastplate in a show of respect, and stood again.
But knowing Tony, and judging by how much Pepper had been swearing when she had called him, he had probably spent the last three days trying to contain whatever mess his company had been in.
“Antonia, my dear daughter, the time has now come to see you married, and…” Howard heaved a deep sigh, feeling the weight of his shortcomings bear upon his shoulders. Maria, always the most caring of souls, placed her hand upon his own, silently giving him her support and lending him her strength.
The very next morning, the king found himself just outside the cell where the satyr was kept in hold, with Antonio by his side. They shared but a glance, not daring to sway closer in fear of betraying their shared affections while others’ eyes were upon them, yet Steve felt his heart fill with love just the same.
Deborah knew that the strength of her word was such that other nobles would believe her, and the king knew it, too.
Antonia stood back to look at Steve, her posture regaining its usual calm, determined confidence by the second, and Steve found himself falling in love once again in the face of her strength.
Before Antonia could fully comprehend what was happening, the young girl let the dress fall from her body, and quickly sank to her knees, her clothing pooled around her.
Steve’s eyebrows shot upwards at that, surprise and horror clear on his face. Deborah bit back a laugh and continued.
Removing her helm, Antonia smiled at the king. “Your majesty, I have made my way here from the Kingdom of Manhattan, a journey of many months. My name is Antonio, and I was lately a knight in service to King Howard of Manhattan. On this day, I am but a kingless knight looking for a new liege. I yearn to prove myself, and I pledge to serve any lord deserving of my sword and life with all the faith and devotion I can.”
He walked over to the table, staring at Tony for a beat before bending down to pick up the cup of coffee and placing it on the countertop. He turned around to look at Tony, gently pushing him around until he was lying on his back. Tony flopped to the side like a puppet, snoring softly.
Antonia let her hands fall from the maiden’s neck. She stared at the crying girl, and felt her own heart constrict with worry and regret.
It seemed that the more Tony began to trust them, the more he started to fall asleep in improbable places. And it stopped being a post-working-binge thing, either: Steve would come out of the gym to find Tony napping upside down on the couch. Clint found him sleeping on the floor on two separate occasions, and Steve had to face his silent judgement when he came to collect his boyfriend and grinned like a fool at the sight. Thor made the mistake of leaving Mjolnir on the table once, and Steve had to pry Tony from the hammer after he fell asleep cuddling it. Bruce mostly didn’t mind when Tony fell asleep in weird places, because his teammates’ awful relationship with sleep was really,
Sir Antonio soon became famous amongst the people of Brooklyn, whispers in the streets calling him the Man of Iron, the finest of the king’s knights, who served him so well and so gracefully that everyone who came near him was astonished by his talents.
, and she opened the door just enough to see who was on the other side. The young maid, a girl who looked no older than sixteen, quickly lowered her head in respect, her hands clasped before her, her grip so tight Antonia was sure it had to hurt.
Antonia had to admit to herself that she had underestimated Lady Deborah’s evilness. Not only had she been ready to
That night, as he pleasured himself with his own hand, Steve resolutely did not think of a bright smile and a soft face beaming at him, just as he didn’t imagine a soft moan of “thank you, my liege” being whispered in his ear as he came undone.
“Dress yourself,” she said sternly. The girl flinched, and Antonia gentled her tone. “I will not touch you. Please, cover yourself.”
He was thankful that no one was there to judge his ridiculous lovesick expression as he carried Tony to their room.
Steve waved him away, dismissing him with a benevolent smile. “No need for apologies, Rumlow. I’m sure you have tried your best. You may take leave now.”
At these words the satyr shot a side-glance at Antonio. After a moment Antonio went on, “Answer me, Satyr; if you speak to me, you have my word that I will liberate you from this place.”
Steve smiled, a brilliant thing that seemed to light up the entire room, appearing to Tony almost as bright as the sun.
Nevertheless, Steve had yet to agree to take her hand in marriage, continually refusing her advances, and patience had never been one of Deborah’s virtues.
And while Antonia was on her way back, with the satyr tightly bound behind her, they came at nightfall to a village not far from the city, and the creature, who by this time had recovered from the effects of the wine, woke up and began to yawn as if he were rising from his bed.
With a nod, she opened the door just enough to let the girl in before quickly closing it behind her. Antonia didn’t waste time in locking it: she had no intention of entertaining the girl for long.
“What the hell,” Steve whispered to himself, but still picked up his boyfriend. His muscles protested a bit, lamenting the weight, but then Tony subconsciously shifted closer, fisting his hands in Steve’s uniform, and Steve melted on the spot, blushing and smiling down at his boyfriend.
So now he was exhausted, and he just wanted to eat something, kiss his boyfriend, and then sleep for the next 24 hours.
Steve publicly accused Lady Deborah of her crimes, and immediately cast her out of the kingdom. He sent missive to Baron von Schmidt, informing him that Deborah was no kin of his, and he too banished her from his lands. No one ever heard of her again, and her name quickly became forgotten.
Therefore, on account of all these virtues, and on her own account as well, Antonia was greatly loved by the king and the queen and by all those around them, so that there seemed to be no limit to their affection.
The man was clad in the most beautiful armor Steve had ever seen, smooth and shiny even after what had to have been a long journey, and colored the most incredible shade of crimson, almost glowing in the candlelight as the man moved forward. His stride was proud and confident, the steps of a man who was in his element and who had nothing to fear. The knight’s sword was sheathed, his hand resting on its pommel with the ease and familiarity of a soldier. Steve had the sudden longing to draw the stranger, to capture such beauty upon paper, and the desire was so abrupt and unexpected that he almost gasped.
The reason for such a gathering soon became evident when the king himself appeared upon a balcony in view of the whole piazza, smiling and waving at his people. It seemed as though this was a daily occurrence, Antonia noted with intrigue, looking around to the cheering crowds as the king bid them goodbye. The people soon dispersed, flowing back into their homes before night came, as though they had all been waiting for their king’s blessing before finding their way to their beds.
The lady in question breezed into the room not half an hour later, with one of her maidens behind her, and smiled pleasantly as she saw him.
There was no reply from the other side of the door. Antonia walked towards it, but paused once her hand went to turn the key. Stepping backwards, she hurried to grab the knife which she kept hidden underneath her pillow, slipping it behind her back as she moved towards the entrance.
Tony smiled at him, raising his hand to softly caress Steve’s cheek. Steve turned his head to place a kiss upon his palm, closing his eyes as he basked in his love’s affection.
She had just allowed the bandages to fall away and inhaled the first truly free breath since that morning, when she was interrupted by a knock to the door. Antonia froze, caught off guard, and instinctively reached for her sword, cursing when her hand found nothing but air against her side.
In the months following her coming of age, Antonia was sought in marriage by many gentlemen, amongst whom was Tiberius, the son of the Marquis of Stanfield.
“Can you even hear yourself, Tony? This idea is crazy. Possibly even crazier than the whole ‘hey, let’s create an artificial intelligence that wants to kill us all’ idea.”
“Oh. Okay. I guess you’re just busy, then. I’m sorry for bothering you, I’ll just – “ He turned to walk away, but Steve put a hand on his shoulder, crouching down so that they were eye to eye.
need him. There’ve been days – most days, in fact – where Steve just want to scream, rip his hair out and break everything around him because he feels so fucking
Tony sees Coulson shoot a glance his way. “Language,” he mutters, at the same time Steve does, and oh, hey. Steve is here too.
There’s not much else the rest of them can do, so Steve calls back Clint and Natasha and they huddle by the SHIELD van as Thor arrives with Hulk, who promptly starts tossing the giant creatures into the Hudson as if they’re frisbees.
Steve, for the most part, avoided Tony like the plague. Sure, he saw him when everyone was together, but that was it. He was very careful not to be alone with him, because he had
The next morning, Steve wakes up with no hangover, no headaches or pain or discomfort of any sort, and groans.
Tony patted his back, chuckling. “Aw, but Steve, how else am I supposed to get you to confess your undying love for me?”
It looked like Tony was still unconvinced, so he continued. “I was… very close to the older you. And I wouldn’t expect you to understand, but every time I look at you I’m expecting to see him. But it never is, and it hurts me inside.”
Eventually, though, Tony must have realised something was up, because he cornered Steve one day. “Steve, have I done anything wrong?”
The kid’s been sticking to Coulson like his shadow, which Adult Tony will never be able to live down if –
The thing Steve found weird was that after the initial shock, after everybody was done freaking out about the fact that ‘holy shit Tony is a kid now’, it was actually pretty easy to fall into a new routine with him. Tony and Bruce would spend most of the day in Bruce’s labs, Bruce running tests on Tony whilst Tony worked on whatever Bruce had decided to occupy him with on that particular day. Everyone in the tower took turns cooking (except Thor, who somehow managed to set fire to the fridge his first time in the kitchen), and they actually spent a lot more of their down time together, watching films or playing board games, or even just talking.
They stay out late, really late, because Clint and Natasha never pass up free booze and Thor snuck some Asgardian stuff into the bar so that he and Steve can have fun, too.
Tony nods again. He’s not meant to know about SHIELD, but sometimes from his hiding spaces he can hear Father and Aunt Peggy talking about it.
Having brought Tony back to the tower, it only took one hour and a call to Pepper for them to have everything they needed to take care of him for the foreseeable future. In that hour, Pepper had apparently had enough time to go grocery shopping, because apparently it’s bad to live off takeaway. And she’d bought clothes. So,
“The empty bed,” Clint continues, ignoring him, “you get used to it after a while. Couple days. Nightmares come back, life goes on, y’know?”
had fallen asleep pretty quickly. Battles were always exhausting, and with the added stress of Tony suddenly being younger it was a wonder they hadn’t all collapsed before they had the chance to get to their beds.
The marathon had been interesting. He’d won, of course. Broken a few world records, before the various athletics boards had decided superhumans weren’t allowed to compete against the regular folk and disqualified him.
The child – Steve couldn’t think of him as Tony, it seemed wrong – interrupted him, frowning slightly. “But he hasn’t found you. He got back from his trip last week, and he hadn’t found you. You’re not the
“He’s awake,” the man mutters, though to whom Tony isn’t sure. He stops thinking about it so much when the man points a gun at him. “Who are you.”
Steve was still looking at him, dumbfounded, and he realised what he’d forgotten to say. “Oh, right, yeah. Steven Grant Rogers, will you marry me?”
swearwords, because he tried one on Clint and the man had doubled over laughing. He doesn’t mind, though. She’s cool. She’s the only one who treats him like a grown-up, letting him play with electrics and soldering irons and knives, once, before Ms. Potts found them and took her to her office for
Tony looked Steve up and down. In his old man attire, even his casual clothes looked pretty damn formal, and the restaurant was hardly going to turn away somebody that looked as good as
“Talk to me any time, Cap,” he says finally, and with a grin and a mock salute he stumbles inside, leaving Steve on his own.
The battle of New York is over, and if Steve doesn’t get away from SHIELD HQ, he thinks he’ll go mad.
“I needed a better look at them,” Coulson says weakly, and maybe Clint’s right to be worried because he sounds
“Guess you gave him his voice. And his name. He’s all through the building, so if you ever need to talk…”
Tony gets his feet on solid ground and tries to calm his breathing, blinking wildly to stop his head from spinning. It doesn’t help when, a few seconds later, a man who is definitely not Agent Coulson runs into the room.
Tony’s calming down now, so Phil gives him a rare smile and pats him on the shoulder. “And I’m your favourite,” he adds off-hand as he’s standing up.
The kiss is short, Tony pulling away in shock, and Steve pulling away in embarrassment. He can’t help but worry that maybe this was the wrong time, maybe he shouldn’t have done that, but his worrying is cut off when Tony wraps his arms around him, holding on as tightly as he can.
With great effort, he turns his head to the side, careful not to wince in pain. There’s a plain, tired-looking man in a suit sat beside his bed, who tenses at Tony’s movement.
In ten minutes, it’s done. It seems ridiculous, three weeks and all this struggle to fix it and it’s over in ten minutes. Tony’s
many clothes, almost as many as adult Tony had, and all from the same ridiculous designer stores he insisted on shopping at. She’d also picked up some toys, although Steve wasn’t entirely sure that they counted as ‘toys’, since they were more like things you’d expect to see in a workshop at MIT, not in a child’s room. But, he supposed, this was
serious.” He even added his most sincere face, the one he normally saved for convincing his shareholders that no, he was
Phil didn’t even look up when Tony walked into his office, didn’t even give a hint of annoyance at the fact that, once again, Tony had successfully broken through his security and entered his office. He did, however, greet him, still not removing his eyes from his paperwork. “Good evening, Mr Stark. What can I have the pleasure of helping you with today?”
“War Machine, you might wanna switch to repulsor blast, the bullets and explosives don’t seem to be piercing their shells.”
, and officially becomes the first adult in his entire life to treat him like one. He buys him ice cream and takes him to play in the park, gives him piggybacks and takes him to movies and Coney Island and Tony had honestly never thought he’d get to do all that stuff. Being A Kid was for other people, not Starks.
He sounded genuinely worried, and Steve had absolutely no idea how to respond. “Um… well, I – you know what? Let’s get you home, okay?” any of the other Avengers would be a million times better at explaining than him “We’ll get you into clothes that fit, and you can have some ice cream. You like ice cream, right?” Did kids like ice cream? Probably. Hopefully.
Tony. But it’s hard to separate the two when he’s hearing the same question he’d heard too many times to count when they’d first started dating. He hadn’t realised the self-doubt had started so young.
“Yes, sir?” Jarvis replies, but there’s something not quite right about his voice and Tony snaps his eyes open. The canopy above his bed isn’t there.
Tony is not allowed to have McDonald’s, so he doesn’t know, but he kind of really wants Clint to like him so he nods enthusiastically. “I’ll have whatever you’re having.”
“My mother said if we didn’t have the ceremony on Asgard she’d disown me,” Thor replies.  “I don’t know about Earth.”
They still haven’t heard from Thor, and Bruce doesn’t, cannot help. For him to be of any help, they would need the Hulk, and Bruce is terrified of doing that again. He is afraid of losing control, of making the damage worse, not better. Nobody believes that he would, but they let him sit it out. They would rather he be happy than helpful. That leaves four of them helping with the effort, clearing rubble, finding out the full extent of the damage.
, in Phil’s opinion. Getting on the news for saving the world is one thing, but when the whole of America seems desperate to know about their personal lives? Well, Phil’s just lucky that, besides Tony, most of the time the Avengers only get recognised out of uniform if they’re coming in or out of the tower – any other time and they’re able to blend in with the crowd, maintain their secret identities.
The child nodded. “SHIELD is where Aunt Peggy works. Sometimes she makes my father build things for them.”
Clint is there, though, and he squints at Steve like he doesn’t quite recognise him, so Steve decides it’s time for them to go home.
’, but Steve could tell that he was happy to help out in Tony’s absence. Although, every time he showed up, he looked more worried, more stressed. Steve supposed it was fair. The longer Tony stayed a kid, the less likely it was that they’d get him back, and he doubted that Rhodey was ready to lose his best friend.
Someone had said, mockingly, that maybe Steve should round up a few other superheroes and run a separate race. He had to work very hard to restrain from punching them, instead just making a joke and giving one of his trademark Captain America smiles.
He’d figured. He’s already been mentally planning how, exactly, to explain to Tony why he had flat-out ignored him for three weeks. None of the possible outcomes were looking good so far.
Natasha walks over and hands Coulson a cup of tea with one hand as she grabs Clint by the collar and pulls him away with the other.
“What? No, of course you haven’t.” Steve thought the question was kinda coming out of nowhere, but he tried to respond as carefully as possible. “This has been a lot for you to deal with, but you’ve been doing really well. Why, did somebody say something to you?”
private man, and if he remembers telling him this in the morning he’ll probably resent Steve forever. “Tony isn’t gone,” he sighs. “Just… not quite here.”
“You want breakfast?” Clint asks, and wow, Tony had forgotten how hungry he was in all the excitement. His stomach rumbles before he has the chance to reply.
Tony had worked with him a few times, might have even considered him to be a friend (vaguely speaking). At the very least, he knew that Pepper Potts had. Tony would never admit it, never let it show, but Steve could tell that the death had hit him pretty hard. Steve felt a desperate need to comfort him, but how, he had no idea. He chose to do it from a distance, making sure that Tony ate enough, that he slept enough. It wasn’t much, but it was all that he felt he could give.
There’s a knock at the door. Steve stays sat on the bed, waiting for the person to either go away or for JARVIS to identify them.
It’s hard not to smile, because it’s not sludge, it’s the strongest coffee money (and many, many connections) can buy, brewed for an excruciatingly long time until it’s basically pure caffeine and unbearable to the human taste buds. Steve doesn’t normally have time to brew it for himself, but normal doses of caffeine don’t work on him so this is practically ambrosia to him.
“Just over-exerted,” he says, when he tries – and fails – to push himself up off the armchair. “I’m sorry, guys, I know it’s movie night,” he says, and even though he’s addressing the whole group Tony’s pretty sure the apology is meant for him. “But I need to rest. Clint, could you…”
Much later that night, so late that it should probably technically be counted as the next morning, Tony finally leaned back in his chair, admiring his handiwork. Nestled in a box he had quickly put together out of scrap parts, were two rings, each one perfectly sized, he was sure. The first, the one that was made to fit his finger, was made of the vibranium he had taken from Steve’s shield, and it was taking all of his willpower not to slip it onto his finger right there. But he was willing to wait, it would be worth it. The second ring, made for Steve, looked slightly rougher, more battered, than his own. He had tried to polish it, but there was only so much that polishing could do. At least it had character, he supposed. And Steve would almost definitely appreciate it, the simple band crafted from carefully removed parts of the mark 1 armour.
He nudged past Bruce and Thor so that he was standing directly in front of Tony, who was grinning up at him as if he was the best sight in the world.
This, this is a Tony that Phil can understand. He’s not quite got the level of confidence to back up the bullshit he’s trying to spout, covering up how much all this is freaking him out. Phil rarely takes what Stark says at face value, especially not his insults, but even if that weren’t the case the way this kid is still gripping his wrist tells him he’s scared.
Jesus Christ, he should have just flown in. But Bruce gets all pouty and moans about the environment when people use the chopper for short-haul flights.
It’s not much help to him, however, that the paparazzi are camped outside the entrance, yelling “Agent! Agent, who’s the kid? Is he yours? What are the Avengers doing right now? Do you have a secret family? Does one of your teammates?” as he fights through the crowd, a shell-shocked Tony that, thankfully, nobody has recognised, clutching at his wrist.
“Roger that, Rogers,” comes the reply, and it’s the fifth time Rhodey’s made that joke today and Steve is ready to
As he watches him walk away, Steve thinks back, tries to work out when it was that he had fallen in love with Tony Stark, and why he hadn’t realised this sooner.
Huh. Tony had never mentioned that he knew Peggy, not even in passing. Steve couldn’t help but wonder why he didn’t want people knowing about it.
They eventually arrived at the restaurant, and as they sat down Tony quickly sent off a text to Pepper, asking her to make sure that any pictures of him and Steve together would have disappeared before they could become too widespread.
“Oh, right, okay.” Steve still looked confused, but he held out his hand for Tony anyway. “Go ahead.”
They’d all helped to set up one of the many spare rooms for Tony to sleep in, making sure that it was as comfortable as possible for him. The poor kid was exhausted; it had been a very eventful day for him.
that he’s funny, so Tony’s poker face is getting very good very fast. Sometimes he’ll pop in and chat about nonsense with Tony for a while, always, now that he thinks about it, when he feels on the verge of freaking out. For the most part, though, Clint keeps to himself – he cooks dinner for everyone on his allocated nights, but most of the time when Tony goes looking for him he’s either in the gym or, more likely, on the range practicing shooting arrows.
By the time he had arrived back at the tower, Tony had already come up with a waaaaaayy better plan than just buying a ring from a shop. He had thought it over and over, done every calculation he needed to do, and there was absolutely nothing wrong with the plan. It was foolproof. All he had to do was talk to Steve.
this Tony yet, because he’d been hoping it would all be fixed by now and he’d be able to avoid all of… that. Steve’s been making his excuses to leave every time it starts to look like they’d cross paths, and everyone is too preoccupied with the whole mess to call him out on it.
The tower seems much too big, too empty, with just the two of them living in it. Steve, who never really had enough space when he was growing up, isn’t sure what to make of it. It’s nice, obviously. The bed is without a doubt the most comfortable he’s ever slept on, and the man in the ceiling (he knew that JARVIS was a computer, couldn’t think of him like that) helps him to choose films and television shows to watch, music to listen to, and books to read. For want of something better to do, he gets caught up on popular culture pretty quickly.
He gets out of bed and pulls on some workout gear, not bothering to look at the clock beside his bed; he already knows he only slept a couple hours. It’s probably not even light outside yet, god.
Getting down on one knee was not something that Tony ever thought he’d do, but there he was, doing exactly that, in front of Steve. Well, he supposed, the man always did drive him to do crazy things.
misjudged this situation, because he doesn’t think he’s injured, his head feels fine, and despite the gun he doesn’t think this man wants to hurt him. He looks worried.
“You’re also kind of oblivious.” He gave an exasperated sigh, quickly holding his left hand up for Tony to see. How on earth had he not noticed the ring before? “No, I am not in love with Steve Rogers, because I am very much in love with my partner. This conversation is over, goodbye.”
The child looked up at Steve, an expression on his face which was far too serious for a kid that couldn’t be older than… seven? Yeah, seven seemed about right. “And you’re Captain America.”
Bruce rolls his eyes dramatically, which makes Tony give a small huff of laughter. Tony stands quietly for a moment, considering. “MD or PhD?”
“Thanks.” Clint replied, settling down, careful not to spill any of the hot chocolate. “What’s keeping you up?”
He’s leaning heavily on Steve, too drunk to walk straight, and he probably won’t even remember this in the morning so Steve humours him. “Get what, Hawkeye?”
Rhodey’s good, Steve knows that. He’s just never needed to get used to him in the field, and the past couple of missions have been… rocky, at best. But they need someone in the sky and they can’t exactly ask Tony.
He bolts up, feeling his chest clench and his breathing shorten. “Jarvis, Jarvis what’s going on, where am I? Where are
“You, uh, you do?” Steve was pretty sure he didn’t remember Clint ever having someone stay the night, never mind actually live in the tower with him.
of rubble. Clint and Natasha, lacking superhuman strength, helped among the ranks of the rest of the clean-up team, those people who cared so much about their city that they volunteered to help restore it. Steve helps clear the larger pieces, making space for the trucks to come through and remove what not even he can lift. He works longer shifts than anyone, from almost the moment he wakes up, to the moment he is ready to collapse from exhaustion. It’s not like he has anything else to do with his time, anyway. Tony, when he’s not too busy writing out cheques for various construction companies, puts on the iron man suit and lifts things (even heavier than what Steve could handle) out of the area. He thinks he sees Tony’s friend, Rhodey, flying around too, but he’s never really sure.
Antonia opened her mouth to reply, ready to lie and spare herself, but her vow of loyalty to her king gave her pause. She hesitated, and then sighed, her shoulders dropping in defeat. “No, sire. The guard speaks nothing but the truth. Yet, my lord, I still plead my innocence: I did not violate that girl, and the reasons for what the knight has heard are not the ones Lady Deborah has accused me of.”
“Your Majesty, I have no words to express my gratitude for everything you’ve done for me. You have allowed me to pursue my passions, regardless of their unusual nature, and you have granted me the freedom to become the woman that stands in front of you today. I know how hard you have tried to provide me with a worthy husband in spite of your lack of resources, and I know in my heart that all you wish is for me to be happy. But...” She faltered, noting the sadness dawning on her parents’ eyes. “But I cannot accept your proposal. You, Father, have raised four daughters, three of whom you have married in the most honorable fashion to three wonderful kings picked by their own hand, and yet you wish to dispose of me, one who has never sought marriage, in an ignoble alliance that benefits no one but a lowly Marquis. This is why I tell you, dear Father, that I will never take a husband unless I so desire, like my three sisters did, and that if such a day should never come then I shall wear the crown upon my own head and build my kingdom from scratch.”
Therefore, when she had sufficiently observed Antonio’s graceful poise, his pleasant manners, his bright intellect, and, above all, the king’s fondness for him, she began to cast her eyes more diligently upon the knight during her stays at court, a devious plan gradually forming in her head.
Antonio, perceiving how obstinate the spirit of the creature was, said, “So you will not answer us, Satyr? Let me tell you, you are being extremely foolish, seeing that I can, if I so desire, let you die of hunger here in prison.”
Her long black hair was cut roughly with a sharp knife. Her breasts were hidden and flattened by a tight bandage. And, after giving a blacksmith most of her remaining gold to be allowed for a day in his workshop, her armor was easily modified to better fit her new appearance: slightly wider at the shoulders, and with straighter lines to add a bit of bulk, nothing more than a handful of changes with the intent of tricking the eye without sacrificing neither the armor’s strength nor its efficiency.
When the next day’s sun began to greet the earth, Antonio woke up to find his king smiling down at him. With his back resting on the headboard, hair shining in the morning light, Steve looked fairer than any angel.
The king had to take a second to collect himself, distracted as he was by the man’s unexpected beauty, and immediately felt ashamed of his own building desire, speechless as he traced the knight’s face with his eyes.
Raising to his feet, he squared his shoulders and looked down at Antonia, who immediately dropped her gaze to the floor. Her shoulders were hunched, her posture reverent and afraid, all things which Antonio had never been.
She didn’t need to add much else. Even the dullest of servants – nevermind a knight like Antonio – would understand clearly that the lady’s advances stemmed not from her desire for his well-being, but from her desire for
Tony grinned, amused by the turn of phrase. “Of course, my liege. Who am I to deny my king’s desires?”
At last, the opportunity came for her to converse with the knight, alone and undisturbed, and her plan began to be put into motion.
Recognition flashed in Antonia’s eyes. Steve had told her all about Lady Deborah, who was supposed to one day become Steve’s wife… and whom Steve despised with a passion. He had described her as “displeasing” on more than one occasion, Antonia remembered suddenly, hiding her smirk by bending down and placing the breath of a kiss on the back of Deborah’s hand.
“Why,” said the treacherous lady, immediately taking a more somber tone, “fate would have it that it is not such a pleasant matter which brought me to your court on such a lovely day as this. You must forgive my audacity, your majesty, but I feel as though a private audience would be better suited to the matters at hand.”
Rumlow bowed gratefully and quickly left the corridor, leaving only a few wardens to assist the king and his knight.
“My name is not Antonio... but Antonia,” she began, carefully enunciating each word as she spoke. “I am the daughter of King Howard of Manhattan. I was born and raised as a princess, but my father had already given all of his land to my three sisters, and had nothing left to offer me as dowry once I became of age. He wanted me to marry a Marquis, the ruler of our neighboring lands, and the only suitor who would accept me with no possessions to my name. Yet I did not care to accept his offer. I wanted to explore the world, and so I left my father’s castle; but a maiden travelling alone must face too many dangers, much more in number and subtlety than those faced by a knight. Therefore, Antonio was born in Antonia’s stead. But my liege,” she pleaded, her voice breaking as she fell onto her knees in front of Steve, “I have lied about nothing but my name. My mind, soul, and heart remain the same as those of your beloved Antonio’s. My mind still sings your praises; my soul still yearns for your touch; my heart still beats for you, my beloved. That has not, and never will, change. Please do not cast me away.”
Many winters ago, the city and its castle were under the rule of a king known by the name of Howard Stark, a brilliant and cunning man. At the height of his reign, Howard, in his desire to have an heir to his kingdom, took for his queen Maria, then the princess of the Kingdom of Italia: a lady who was said to be as ethereal as the moon itself, the most beautiful of all her peers, and delightfully talented in many of the Arts.
Now, they were both enjoying the quiet atmosphere inside Steve’s bedchamber, the novelty of sharing a room still present enough to be exciting but pleasant all the same.
Meanwhile, Antonia silently followed Steve into his chambers, where just a few hours prior they had been sharing a bed, and tried not to despair in the face of her king’s anger.
Antonio chose to ignore him, carrying on. “Now I want to know, Satyr, why did you laugh even louder when we reached the town square?”
bad for his peace of mind and he had once witnessed Tony and Clint drink 12 cups worth of coffee in a single breath, so he didn’t complain when Tony fell asleep on the kitchen counter as long as he was getting some sleep.
Steve turned towards the head of the prison guards. The man bowed deeply, straightening with an apologetic look on his face.
She glanced between Steve and Antonio, disgust flashing in her face, before she continued. “Every person in your kingdom is well aware of their king's longing for companionship, and of his close relationship with his most beloved knight. Rumors spread so fast, don’t they? What will the people say when said knight is publicly accused of such deplorable acts, and then refused an honorable quest to clear his name – a quest that, might I add, would greatly help the citizens of this realm – because his life is found to be more valuable to his king than the honor of a wronged maiden and the safety of those plagued by the satyrs?”
“Guards,” Steve barked, making them stand at attention, “one of you, bring Sir Tony here, with haste.”
“Steve, I…” Tony began, his expression soft yet conflicted. “I would love nothing more, but I still- I don’t, I…” he huffed, flustered, as his words seemed to fail him. “I, too, have been thinking of naught but your lips upon mine, yearning to feel the touch of your hands, but I still cannot bring myself to… to make love to you.”
“My lady, your offer is received with gratitude, but the obligation which binds me to my lord the king ties my obedience to his will and his will alone. Therefore, I pray you bear me no ill will, though I cannot enter into your service, and I pray you accept as the reason for my refusal the desire to serve my lord until death, or until he no longer wishes to keep me as his loyal servant.”
Ever so gently, he placed a hand on her jaw, and tilted her head up. Her eyes snapped to his, full of despair, and at the same time hardened by the same pride and determination that Antonio had always possessed. Steve knew, in that moment, that if he were to banish Antonia from his life, she would not have allowed it to break her.
As soon as they were all seated, and as soon as he had steeled himself in spirit, the king began speaking.
They had barely reached his private chambers when Steve pushed Tony against the wall and kissed him. Antonio kissed back, desperation bleeding through where their lips met, but he pulled away with a gasp as Steve ground his hips against him.
And turning towards Steve, he said: “I laughed, my king, at hearing them all shouting, "Antonio! Antonio!" while all along your knight really was Antonia.”
To this the satyr shook his head, sat down, and replied: “I laughed then so outrageously because the king, and you as well, believed that the lady standing beside you was really a lady, whereas Baron von Schmidt, whose name she so proudly bears, was not even her father.”
“Very well, Antonio of Manhattan, it is my pleasure to grant you hospitality here in my court, with no other duty laid upon you than to prove yourself worthy of calling me your liege, if you so desire.”
The question, coming seemingly out of nowhere, caught Steve off guard. “Why do you ask?” he replied, carefully keeping his tone from sounding accusatory.
“Tony…” he began, but held his tongue as he attempted to give voice to his feelings, “I know that I have given you my word, and promised you that I would wait until the end of time for you to allow me the gift of your love. Yet while that still holds true, ever since our encounter my heart has yearned for naught but the sweetness of your lips upon mine.”
He ordered that Tony be brought what he had requested, and watched with a heavy heart as his knight bid his farewell.
From their union three daughters were born, all sharp of intellect, full of grace, and fair as rosebuds in the morning. The first was called Virginia, the second Natalia, and the third Darcy.
The elevator doors opened before Steve could ask anything, so he walked out and opened his mouth just as JARVIS chimed in. “In the kitchen, Captain.”
As the satyr woke, the fates which control the life of each man at last began to turn a benevolent eye towards our heroine, for as she made her way home, a few peculiar incidents happened as follows: during their travels, Antonia and the satyr crossed ways with a weeping father, who was going to bury his dead child, and the singing priest, who conducted the service; when he looked upon this spectacle the satyr began to laugh mightily. Afterwards, when they had entered the city and reached the town square, the satyr saw a great crowd of nobles who were staring open-mouthed at the poor boy who had just mounted the gallows to be hanged by the executioner, and the satyr laughed even louder than he had laughed before. And afterwards, when they were almost inside the palace, the crowd standing by erupted into cheers, and they all cried out, 'Antonio! Antonio!'
With a laugh, Antonia kissed her king as she took Steve’s hand in hers, and together they walked out into the world.
And with those final words, she fell silent, her plan finally reaching its completion. As much as the king despised her, he could not risk her spreading news of a relationship between him and his knight, especially not if she had such proof, and he could not allow her to tarnish Antonio’s name.
“No,” Antonia barked, loudly, her voice sharp over the girl’s crying. “Thank you, Guard. You may take leave.”
Together, they went to see the satyr, only to find him asleep. Antonio gave a sharp kick to the bars, at which the satyr awoke with a start.
Tony did not reply immediately, eyes fixed onto Steve’s face as if looking for something. Whatever it was, the knight must have found it, because his shoulders (hers? Steve asked himself,) dropped in defeat.
As soon as they had left the castle’s jails and found themselves alone, Steve grabbed hold of Tony’s hand.
He swiveled around to meet Tony’s gaze, but the knight was avoiding his eyes. He made to open his mouth and ask for an explanation, but Antonio interjected before he could even begin.
She might have underestimated her opponent, but Deborah as well had severely misjudged Antonia’s abilities. A mistake that she was sure to pay dearly for.
Steve’s hand clenched the armrests of his throne with such strength that he could almost feel the wood giving way into splinters under his fingers.
Steve would go down to the workshop, finding Tony either lying on the couch or bent uncomfortably over the workbench, and walked over to him. Tony always seemed to recognize Steve when he picked him up and happily snuggled closer to his boyfriend with a neediness he carefully never showed when he was awake. Being granted that much trust made Steve’s heart swell with pride and love, and he cherished every second of it.
Steve tried not to groan in despair as the messenger delivered news of Lady Deborah’s demand of an audience with him. The von Schmidts had spent years pushing him to agree to a marriage between the lady and himself, but he would have sooner gouged out his own eyes than taken Deborah as his bride.
And, if he found himself smiling like a fool whenever Tony buried his face into his neck, no one was there to judge him.
Steve caught sight of Tony’s pained expression and had to shut his eyes against the anger building in his own heart.
Sir Antonio also revealed his true identity, causing shock and astonishment to spread throughout the crowd, but the people soon rejoiced at the news, and it is said that for hours the streets were filled with great chants and celebrations in the name of Dame Antonia, the Woman of Iron.
Steve all but ran into the throne room, finding Deborah already there and only giving her the barest hint of a nod. He had just sat on his throne when Antonio walked in, head high and proud, with a bound satyr behind him.
When Tony’s mouth had joined his fingers in their exploring, Steve had almost soiled his pants like a lad who had yet to be touched for the first time. But that only seemed to please Tony, who could not quite manage to bite back a groan of arousal, and Steve’s reactions gave him enough confidence to begin lavishing Steve’s body with his tongue.
“I forgive you, my love,” he sighed, hugging her tight in his arms as she exhaled a shaking breath. “We will again need to discuss this, but I do not hate you for what you’ve done. Now – and this is not a question which holds any trickery, my love – but who will leave this room, willing to face the rest of the kingdom? Antonio, or Antonia?”
“Get up now, Satyr,” ordered Steve, “and tell us what you promised we should hear, and say why you laughed so loud when you came to the palace.”
No, that would not do. She needed to make show of being fair, if she hoped to ruin only Sir Antonio’s reputation and not her own. And to force King Steve into sending his beloved knight to his death?
The servants moving around the castle jumped out of the king’s way, worriedly noting his bleak expression and Sir Antonio’s desperate eyes. Whispers moved through the castle of a fight between the two, reaching even the ears of Lady Deborah, who gleefully laughed, as she believed her plan to have succeeded.
“Captain, I must inform you that Sir has fallen asleep in his lab after being awake for 52 hours and 11 minutes. It would be better for you to reach him as soon as possible, since his position is quite… precarious.”
Antonio’s gaze was unwavering as he spoke his demands, his clever eyes meeting Steve’s with pride and affection, and the king was helpless but to trust him.
That had startled Tony, but he had looked pleased rather than spooked, so Steve had hugged him and pulled him down onto the bed, softly trading chaste kisses until they were asleep.
A fine man indeed, Deborah thought, lowering her head and glancing up at him through her eyelashes. No wonder the king was so fond of him.
At that, Steve’s eyes snapped towards tony. The knight was tense, his hands fisted so tightly that his knuckles had turned white, and his mouth pressed into a thin, displeased line.
He opened his eyes, looked at Deborah’s smug expression, and swallowed down the hatred that rose inside him at the sight.
Barnes and Barton snickered and Natasha tutted, "Come on, Tony. None of that." She said pulling his face away from the table, making him look her in the eye. "It's awful, how it turned out. But for what it's worth I am proud of you regardless.
“Now that was fun.” Tony stated as he stepped out of his suit.  He told Jarvis to take care of ‘it’ then the suit began to walk away on its own.
“You all give valid points, but this is my choice. If I’m going down I’m going down my way.” He said.
The Soldier had just, quite apparently, returned from a mission with Nat and Barton. He was still decked out in his combat armor and his new arm gleamed menacingly in the light.
The Professor, Fury, and Pepper were invaluable when it came to keeping things together, but they each had their own missions to perform. Fury, still director of SHIELD, had agents to oversee and had to figure out how SHIELD had become compromised and how to possibly stop it. Xavier, still willing to help, also had what was left of the school and the X-Men to take care of and their own missions to pursue. Pepper, the Angel (seriously), continued to manage his company and served as a buffer for the journalist and media.
Suddenly, a silver haired boy appeared several yards away. He was now holding the radar gun. All at once Tony realized who these people were. It was the kids they fought in San Jose. The very one spotted with Steve and Barnes before he found them at the docks. But whose side where they on?
Tony began by having Jarvis infiltrate the security system. The AI had cleared a path of escape for them by releasing a few of the less threatening prisoners on the opposite end of the facility. When most of the agents, officials and guards were occupied, Jarvis manufactured a loop that continued to play Tony and Bucky conversing while, in reality, he lifted the glass panel so Tony could release the soldier.
“If it isn’t enough, which I won’t lie to you, may very well be the case, but if it isn’t enough we can at least give the next race of people it targets a running chance.” Steve stated with absolute conviction.
Not one crumb of pie was left.  With full bellies, sated appetites and a warm atmosphere, Steve felt at peace amongst them after days of what felt like constant animosity.  His calm was short lived however, just when he was about to talk to Tony the genius had abruptly dismissed himself.
“I’m fine, just a little mishap in the lab earlier.” He put on his winning smile best he could. “Listen, I need to talk to prisoner 86. It’s imperative. Some concerning information has popped up regarding Captain Rogers’s breakdown and prisoner 86 is the may be the only one that can verify this.” He regarded the officials as politely as he could muster without getting an attitude with them.
"It's the same test I always give. I wanted him to show empathy under almost impossible circumstances. It's all I ever want. Despite my calculations he had succeeded."
He had the overwhelming feeling that he had forgotten something incredibly important, but for the life of him he couldn't remember what it was.
"Yeah, I know this sounds weird but I've been dreaming of you. It wasn't till yesterday that I could remember what you looked like."
As soon as he was sure he had the bots full attention he darted back down another hall way with the bot hot on his heels. He did his best to avoid the incoming assaults that were starting to become more rapid.
Steve swallowed thickly, he had to remain calm.  He began to edge closer to the man.  The guy began to laugh sinisterly.
Next chapter will reveal all. Everything you ever wanted to know about Anuk's plan and then some. (hopefully) Which means we will finally find out what exactly is the kind of deal Steve made with Anuk. Well until the Next time.
Tony sighed miserably as he turned off the projection and slid his phone back into his pocket. He looked over at Barnes to gauge his reaction. What he found was utterly blank look on his face. It was vastly irksome. Tony almost wondered how he was able to school his emotions so completely. That was until he remembered the journal and with it the thought of everything that man must have gone through.
Peggy nodded still deep in thought. “If she were anybody else, you know Howard, he would have divulged every crude detail by now.” She commented.
He looked around and thought a moment.  There was a five story building next to the one facing the open window.  Maybe just maybe he could jump from there.  He could do it easily at full strength, but in the condition he was in now?  He couldn’t help but to think he could barely clear a puddle at this point.  But he had to try nonetheless.  For his team, his family, for Tony.
“And before you can protest, wasn’t one of your first thoughts maybe if you killed yourself she could not have you?! Admit it!”
Tony twirled a way and waved the wand over the soldiers unguarded ribs to see what would happen, Barnes yelped and tried to shield his ribs the best he could with one arm.
Just before they reached the hall that would lead back to the lab Steve stopped and informed Tony that he would leave them for a little while to go get some air or something of that ilk.
“Or was it because you felt how massive her presence was, how it seemed like her laughter could tear every atom in our very bodies apart?” Steve illustrated with a violet shiver. Everyone shuddered.
He set her up on his shoulders as he began to walk back to the car. Ellie began to marvel at all the things she could see from her new vantage point. It was kind of funny how he truly understood her awe.
Funny enough, Fury wanted it that way. The more everybody had gotten all tangled up in the “talk” the more time they had to figure out how not to let the world fall to pieces.
“Boss! I’ll protect you!” A tall skinny man ran in front of Harker and was adamant about shielding him.
Escape is not an option. Well if they cannot flee or hide from this thing then they were just going to have to face it head on. And that is exactly what our fine Captain was thinking.
“Yeah but most of that is still open for interpretation.” Bruce retorted. “Most of the Asgardian scholars could not even agree.” He continued gesturing to the scrolls, notes and journals.
Steve closed the trunk of the car with a heavy thunk and hauled the last of the grocery bags into the house. Peggy, ever efficient as she is, had already stored the food away and began to prepare lunch. Ellie was helping by washing vegetables. Steve put the last of the items away and proceeded to steal a kiss from both of his girls. Steve began to run his fingers through Ellie’s lovely golden curls. If he remembered back from old photos he could swear that his own mother had hair like this once. Maybe even when he was still a child. It was so long ago, however. He shook his head.
“Did this… Is this all coming from your mind??” Steve inquired gesturing to the odd glasses on his face.
“Shield has storage facilities everywhere. That particular jet had been stored there for an inspection that had been put on the back burner. New and better models came out thanks to Tony’s funding and this unit was mostly forgotten about.”
He did not remember that many blank canvases here. He could've sworn that there had been more paintings. Perhaps Peggy moved them elsewhere.
The screaming that echoed over the coms gave him the energy to press on.  As horrifying as the situation was there was a modicum of reassurance in the agonizing screams of his team.  If they had the capacity to scream they were still alive.  So at least there was that.
And if what Thor said is true every life in the entire world is at stake, they’re going to need all the help they could get. The X-men are definitely not going to like the news though.
“See, no problem.” Tony assured. Bucky stared at him. “Stop doing that!” Tony shouted as he made his way to the compartment Jarvis indicated. “Seriously, it freaks me out.” He said pulling out the suit.
Steve looked at everybody. He had all of their attention now and it seems that the mayhem had been diverted… at least for now. He smiled inside. ‘At least I was useful in some way’ he thought to himself.
“Well, all right then.” He said grabbing the paper. He turned to Ellie, “Go get your shoes on, we are going to go get ice cream!” He explained.
“You’re obviously on the run too.” He said gesturing to his emergency pack. “What did you do?” He asked again.
“No, it’s not like that, it’s… It’s beyond complicated.” Steve sighed again. Beyond complicated was a massive understatement.
Some of the people in the room were looking through the documents and some, Tony, didn’t move. Steve looked sideways at Tony about to rip him a new one because he wasn’t participating only to realize when he got a glance at the genius’s phone that Tony was doing exactly that.
Bucky effectively dodged the agents in favor of facing off with War Machine. He successfully disarmed three of the agents and kept two of their electrifying weapons. Steve watched in terrifying trepidation as Bucky successfully sidestepped and avoided most of War Machine’s brutal annihilating attacks. The Winter Soldier whipped around fast jabbing one of the Shield weapons into a weak spot in the armor. War Machine went down hard on his knees and some of the more fainthearted agents backed off in complete terror.
“I was wondering when you would come for me.” The dark figure on the floor spoke slowly and clearly. He slowly lifted his face off of his knees to look at Tony sharply only for his stoic features to morph into shock and confusion.
Steve was unable to resist, his body obeyed her dutifully. The others watched in frozen terror unable to comprehend what was happening. They can see the tense look on Steve’s face.
Of course Johnny was one of the first to volunteer. Steve nodded in assent. In his head he thought this was most certainly going to be a very long day. He groaned on the inside.
I love you Tony. Always. My biggest regret is that I never got to tell you face-to-face and kiss you once more.
The paint bottles he had placed by the window exploded in a dazzling blaze of color. He made sure to shield Natasha from the blast the best he could by using his shield already pinning her to the wall and his own body.
He coughed hoarsely as blood poured out of his nose and mouth. He spat the blood out viciously as if by doing so he could banish them all to a hell dimension.
“Listen, I am sure you are aware by now that things are going to get very difficult for you from now on.” Fury started.
“I see, you must have been drunk and tired while buying this thirteen inch vibrator. Why is it red, white and blue, I wonder.” Bucky pondered, maintaining his false innocence.
He directed them to the next room over where they found at least a bowl of fresh fruit and a coffee pot.  Making sure Tony had eaten at least one apple and had a steaming mug of coffee in his hand Steve led them back to the lab.  When they arrived Tony almost immediately went back to work.
Steve hauled the fabric back over his right shoulder then gestured to the boy to hand him the crate in his left. Steve deftly heaved the crate on to his left shoulder, leaving the teenage boy slack-jawed and dumbfounded.
Before he took a step however, he was enveloped in Crimson, his eyes fluttered shut before he was out cold. Steve watched in horror and amazement as scarlet which put him to sleep easily. He caught Bucky’s limp body and held him close.
Tony was still laying on the floor nursing his drink when Pepper found him nearly an hour later. She strided right up to him and looked down on him with a fierce frown. He looked up at her and tried not to wince, she was furious.
“By the time we became close enough to understand each other I made a home here, made new friends and found a new mission. So my past wasn’t… Relevant.”
“All 73 patients have the same symptoms. All are in a coma like state; however they exude beta waves as if they are fully awake and active. They cannot be awakened by conventional means… or otherwise.”
"Well, here goes nothing." He said to himself as he tore off the first piece of his own Iron Man armor over the chest plate.
“Thing made it to the factory but he’s still swamped, Storm is heading there now. Torch is still on perimeter but he’s fading fast. When he falls the fur balls will break containment.”
His legs ripped out from underneath him. He quickly latched on to the fractured pavement with his wounded hands.
He wrapped his arms around his sore body tightly as tears spilled over. He watched in fascinated misery as the tears glittered and floated away instead of roll down his cheeks.
"Stay two hundred meters away from the hole!" Tony shouted out hoping his team could hear him. "If you break the two hundred meter perimeter you risk getting sucked in!"
His reward was for Bucky to give him a stare that promised extreme pain. It wasn’t even a glare or a scowl. It was just a fucking stare and Tony could feel the painful promise it held deep in his bones. This guy was fucking scary!
Steve and Tony watched the scene unfold before them tormented.  The Professor tried to get a hold of everyone’s minds trying to sooth them.  But it was incredibly difficult with the extreme amounts anxiety in stress permeating the air and the fact that the Professor got less than an hour of sleep wasn’t helping matters any.
“Then why does it feel like everyone is suddenly against me?”  Steve snapped.  “I know you all are keeping something from me.  Why?!  Do you think I am too weak to take it?”
Steve noticed that his restraints were being removed by her invisible hands. She swiftly unshackled, unchained, and unbound his various restraints. She lifted him easily in her arms, as if he were a small child. Steve could hear his blood to drip onto the steel floor.
Steve felt the ground quake as Anük roared in anger. "I can't! I no longer have influence there! Remember what I said? That was the deal, if you passed my test I would withdrawal and all would be as it once was, as if I were never there."
Then he had gotten that taste, that single drop of unadulterated heaven. That twisted vision of what he and Tony could have created together, impossible or not. The memory of that beautiful little girl's face will surely haunt him for all time.
An entire service was being planned out and Steve could not even bring himself to really participate.  All he did was tell them that he would paint a portrait for the funeral and proceeded to lock himself in his studio.  He didn’t know what he was going to do.  He had no desire to paint Fury’s face considering the man was still alive and completely all for the whole “leave Steve in the dark and on house arrest” thing.
He shook his head as he began walking to the barn. After what Ellie told him earlier he was curious as to what kind of paintings and drawings he had created since the war. He had little to no time to really make anything when he was on the road taking out Hydra bases. Perhaps, he made a doodle or comic book here and there, just to keep the story going, but overall nothing to elaborate.
The bunny continued, "See, you would be quite accurate if this beauty here was merely a run-of-the-mill spatial distortion blackhole."
She giggled as he took her hand, ever the gentleman, and led her into the parlor. The vendor greeted them merrily, and with familiarity, indicating that Steve and Ellie were likely regulars. Steve couldn’t wait till he could remember the townspeople again. Some people came up to him and greeted him so warmly and by name he felt ridiculously guilty at not knowing there’s in return. Ellie helped a lot, however.
On the inside, however, he was screaming. Silently begging that godforsaken rabbit to take the offer so he would just let him go and leave this place.
Tony was so deep in thought he did not hear the approach of the dark assailant behind him and thus did not realize he was about to become his unassuming victim.
“We got this for sure.” The thought about the remaining members of his team and how vulnerable they would be in this situation.
“Well, it looks like none of us are getting any more sleep tonight, Jarvis, alert the others.  We’ve got work to do.”
"Speaking of, what made you come back? I got the feeling that, well, it wasn't really in your best interest." Steve asked awkwardly.
“Subconsciously, I was screaming. My soul, my entire being was screaming for him to stop, was screaming for
That’s something that also had been weighing heavily on him.  He thought it was bad when the numbers where merely in the seventies all those weeks ago.  Now it’s nearly nine hundred.  Nine hundred innocent souls lost to this thing that was happening that they can’t even begin to understand.
They were huddled together tightly, completely surrounded. He barreled through the swarm and roared,
Bucky nodded solemnly. There was still much work ahead of them before anything can truly be anything close to “hunky-dory.”
Steve sighed; Tony’s in one of those moods. Then the genius snapped his fingers as if in an epiphany; a seemingly brilliant idea crossing his mind.
He readjusted himself to directly face The Captain. Steve was on the verge of a panic attack and Tony could only guess why. Waking up in the 21st century was overwhelming enough but to learn about the horrors of modern pathogens and the complex innovative technology would be enough to scare the shit out of anyone waking up 70 year away from their time. Then to top it all off there’s the progressive mutated humans and advanced races of aliens from distant galaxies, so I say the ‘out of time’ Super soldier is allowed a panic attack every so often.
“Okay.” Tony let out something of a sigh of relief. He could almost make out signs of his own relief mirrored on the Maximoff girl’s face. ‘Well that’s a good sign.’ He thought, but they were far from done, unfortunately.
“If this is really happening, then yes, I will be able to create a desynthasization device after I have the full completed code.” He breathed. “I just might be able to save them.” He smiled weakly.
"Help me to that pile of dead bots over there." He pointed to a spot about three hundred meters behind them where a stack of six dead doom bots lay.
“You and all our Allies are welcome to it.” She nodded and began to thumb through some of the files.
Tony's heart thundered within his chest as he hurtled himself through the night sky at a truly alarming speed. He put everything he could into his thrusters, forcing them beyond their designed output. He needed to get to him, to Steve. Tony berated and cursed himself over and over again at how foolish he was.
“Listen Steven, you know better than anyone that some secrets are best to be kept for the greater good.”  He told the Captain calmly.
"You are vastly irritating." She stated with a sneer. "I can simply snap your neck and be done with it."
The real truth, however, was vastly more vexing and complicated. To be perfectly honest, the dream, in Steve's opinion, was far from nightmarish. If anything, it was euphoric and it scared the living daylights out of him. Even more frightening was the fact that the mystery man definitely existed in his memory somewhere as a friend at the very least. But how much of his cryptic dreams were memories and how much of his fractured memories were dreams?
“Now, you can change the camera angles and zoom in and out with those controls there.” Tony indicated.
“See here, he looked away for a moment before continuing on with the group. And… 66, 67, 68, 69 Bam he hits the floor.” They all watched in fascination, at exactly 69 seconds later Jimmy fell as well.  After something caught his attention he collapsed exactly 69 seconds later.
“Kukuku Iron Man and Captain America are finally going to get what’s coming to them.” The fat man sneered as he gently stroked the binding of a well-worn red leather bound journal.
“Come on Tony let’s get you out of those clothes.” Steve said as he sat next to Tony and started to unbutton his suit vest.
Still, he was continuously disturbed by the sounds of hatching and wailing and the subsequent sound of their squelching death. At the same time Tony was getting reports in that his Iron Legion robots were doing a fantastic job safely disabling the fuzz buzz around the world. However, the knockoff doom bots, though weaker than actual doom bots, where picking off his Iron Legion robots one by one.
"The souls." She answered. "If you recall, I stated that Yggdrasil is existence itself. Imagine if you will, the universe as one living entity. Each and every one of us is a part of this one entity. It makes little sense to hurt others as we would only be hurting ourselves."
"And what's this about Calamity showing up again?" The Soldier inquired nonchalantly as he stared intently at Tony making the genius immensely uncomfortable.
“If you are trying to remove the screwdriver, I believe pealing it off with your hand would work better.”
Now a new alien is starting to stir up trouble and only god knows why. Could this new foe be even stronger than Loki? Perhaps they would know more once they talk to Thor.
“No! STOP!” He finally choked out tears running down his face. Steve could see the look in Bucky’s eye. He was going to comply; he was going to stop. That was until his left arm exploded in a brilliant array of fine metal pieces.
All of the sudden Steve fell like he was hit by a wave of energy unlike anything he’s ever felt before. Then abruptly he felt pulled apart and squeezed together all at once. He felt like he was being torn to pieces atom by atom and then stitched back together by pure energy made out of rainbows and dental floss. Though the concept sounds ridiculously painful it was all surprisingly and mercifully painless. Then it all stopped at once.
“I highly doubt I’d be able to even sleep a wink tonight.”  Steve stated realizing the time of night it was.
"Crap, 208." Tony replied then flew into a flock of the hell birds and let loose. "Oh, my mistake, make that 251." He gloated.
No wonder his team went down so easily. As it was, Jarvis couldn’t even hack it. Where in the hell did they get this piece of tech? Visually speaking it looked like a souped up radar gun. But Tony knew it was much more sinister. If it can take down Falcon, War Machine and the Quin Jet so easily, he knew they were in trouble.
“I tend to not have the best start with a lot of people.”  He laughed as he thought about his miserable and deplorable first meetings with Bucky and Tony.
"I knew you missed me, dumbass." The Soldier smirked then half leaned and half sat against Tony's work table.
"Oh! Well, why didn't you just say so!" She exclaimed happily and tugged at his hand. "Let's go find him!"
“But!” She began again. She put her hands over her mouth and began to whisper. Steve leaned in closer to hear. “Between you and me, Daddy, I bet she was fibbing. I bet it was a tall tale.”
I’ve received no letter from Tony. It must have been a mistake. They’ve informed me I’ll be permitted leave to attend the funeral, but in my state, I’m sure the permission will be revoked.
The fact that Tony was even here inspired reverence within him. For the past seven hours, upon learning that Tony intended to travel to meet him, he thought about what it must feel like to travel alone to an unknown place to face the man who destroyed you. He would have empathy, if only they had been enemies. But a friend - that was incomprehensible.
Steve clutched a hallowed piece of metal in his desperate grip. The pressure from his hold pressed the element into his skin, forcing a break in the flesh. Steve spun on his heels and left the room, inconspicuous drops of blood trailing behind.
“Getting rid of the alien guns doesn't require me to forget my wedding!” Tony spun around, face heated by anger and eyes misty. “Why would I risk this, Steve? Why would I risk you? I’ve wanted this my whole fucking life, to be happy and loved, and now Fury just thinks he can tell us we’ve been
Heart in his throat, Tony started toward the exit. Did he have time to change into the armor? He’d have to be discreet, fast, fly wherever Steve was. He’d be ready for a fight, break Steve out of the clutches of whatever evildoer had captured him-
He’s moving faster, and faster, hoping he’ll make it to the other side, until everything goes black.
It hadn’t occurred to Steve when he extended the invitation to Tony that this would be the first time they spent the night together. In his time, it might be a bit unconventional to stay the night with the person you were going steady with, but it wasn’t entirely unheard of. In a manner of speaking, he and Tony were technically living together - they shared an address, after all, even if they kept separate apartments. But in this new world, spending the night together might not match his understanding of a ‘good ol’ fashioned slumber party.’
“I remember I was happy.” Tony faltered at the admission, averting his eyes away. It caught Steve off guard, to finally see him react to something he’d said. Steve hesitated, then, after a pause, “I know you keep saying you don’t remember anything, but-”
“Ok, but it’s kind of an important date, Steve. I mean, even without reliable electronic calendars, you must’ve known it was the sixth of May.”
I haven’t been with anyone since...and you, you never noticed? What the hell did you think I was doing? What have we been doing all this time if you don't even know the date when our world changed?” Tony had backed away a few steps. His face was bewildered, searching Steve for something he clearly couldn’t find. “How was I so stupid?” He barely breathed the question as he crossed his arms upon his chest. He looked impossibly small, standing mere feet away, and Steve’s heart ached knowing he was who caused this.
Feeling his lover inside of him breathes life into the corners of his heart that he believed to have died alongside Steve. Now he knows the doors were simply closed, and he was waiting for Steve to expose them to the light once again. Skin against skin, sharing one breath, intimately joined as one, Tony feels the space between his shattered pieces disappear as the shards forge together. There's no room for emptiness. He is whole again.
In the brisk air of the city, Steve secured his gear just outside of the building. He wouldn’t let himself be bothered by the fact that his utility belt was a few ounces lighter on the left side. He needed time to think. Keeping the phone would just cause more pain.
Sweat. Yes. Definitely sweat. In his suit. He’s not in bed, he’s on the floor - ground - sidewalk? Whatever.
Steve dropped his head, and Tony felt the embarrassment before Steve’s neck glowed pink. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have lied. It’s just...it’s hard to talk about. I’ll be ok.”
I hope you receive this letter before the news inevitably broadcasts the funeral. I want to let you know I will be in attendance, although I am not sure I will be afforded opportunity to speak with you should you be present as well.
“Before you left, I heard that Nat expects a retaliation.” Steve bristled at the talk of the mission. It wasn’t a topic off-limits, but it was unwelcome. “I’m just glad you’re back, today. You know...despite all the shit, I’ve always had a soft spot for today.” Steve hummed absentmindedly, snaking his arm up Tony’s back and running a hand through wisps of brunette hair. “It’s like, how much shit can one day take? If I believed in divine, no,
This moment was what Steve had slowly been building toward. Every compliment, every patient interaction had brought them here, and he knew he had done something right.
Steve jumped suddenly. There was a soft tune humming in his ears, almost impossible to decipher. “Do you hear that?”
A little unsure of himself, Steve crept out of bed, drawing near to his boyfriend. As he reached a hand out in an attempt to settle him, a whimper escaped Tony’s lips.
A hazy memory of Steve’s unassuming smile, honest and humble, only a couple dozen of inches from his own lips, catches him, and he stops breathing.
“You’re more deplorable than the tales describe. I never imagined the good Captain would be capable of such atrocities.” He can barely choke the words out. He’s seething, and shattered in a way he hadn’t thought possible, but would rather die than let Nomad know how broken he really is.
“How can I ever make you know how sorry I am?” Tony can see how broken Steve is, keeping this secret has clearly driven him mad. He’s unhinged, Tony can see that, too, but his heart is still the one he loves all these years later.
- no, of course not. The man had just been pulled from the ocean, thawed from a block of ice, awoken in a new century where phones are portable and a four-course meal can be cooked in an instant. Steve was alone, with no knowledge of the times or what it took to stay afloat in the future. This evening was simply an offer to help orient, possibly acclimate, Steve to his new world, maybe help Steve to see what he could or could not handle. At least, that’s what Tony told himself it was, assuming that’s what Steve needed it to be.
“Yeah.” Steve takes Tony’s hand in his own, and has that stupid grin on his face, the one he always had when he was about to say something romantic. “That was the greatest year of my life, my heart’s gleam.”
Tony doesn’t answer as the haunting vocalizations transport him away from this world. He’s drifting into a foreign place, consciousness almost quelled, when JARVIS announces Captain Rogers’ arrival and subsequent request for an audience. Tony smiles. “Good night, J,” he says as he closes his eyes.
,” his voice broke when he said his name. It was a fair question. Steve’s job, after all, was to be sure the team functioned in a state of cohesion. But this was a ritual that had far surpassed his professional obligations in both intimacy and affection. “No.
“Yeah,” he huffs, and for a moment, it feels good to sit on the cool ground, breathing in the damp scent of moss and earth. He hears birds chirping in the distance, and through the thin gauze of his blindfold, he can determine a soft light is beginning to glow, likely from an early sunrise.
Steve shifted back a bit to give Tony some space. He wanted to push a bit, but didn't want to be presumptuous. As he waited for Tony’s response, he felt a shuddered breath linger across his skin.
“Because you deserve to be loved! And since you need a little help loving yourself, well, then, Tony, I-” Steve faltered. What was he saying?
They sat silently, holding each other in bed for a long while. Steve listened to Tony’s breathing slowly return to a steady and even pace. He could feel his heart beating in his chest, and also noticed it gradually returning to a stable rate. This was so comforting, even nourishing, feeling such a warm, easy embrace. He was still settling into his new place, despite it being months old by now, and adjusting to this new era was also taking a great deal of time. But the feeling of Tony wrapped around him, his handsome face resting comfortably upon his chest - this was the closest he’d ever felt in his whole life to being home.
“You need to hear the things I tell you, sure, that’s step one. Bigger than that, you need to believe them. And most important of all, you need to tell yourself these things.”
Some of the words sound familiar. Maybe a love song. Definitely a love song. But maybe it’s a sad one, and Tony thinks he’s ok with that.
Nomad finally slows, and Tony spots a small opening under sheets of rock. “It would be wise to shelter in the cave,” he advises, and Nomad carries them closer, releasing Tony cautiously to the ground. “Come,” he instructs, ducking under the low threshold to enter the space.
Tony lurched violently in the bed, and Steve reached his other arm out to console him. Tony lurched again, this time jolting into Steve’s chest.
Why was no one there to protect him? Where were the SHIELD bodyguards? Are they being questioned, interrogated? An act so cowardly deserves punishment. Foster can’t even begin to comprehend what he’s done. He’s lost more than his uncle, he’s lost the greatest protector Earth has ever known, and he's brought weakness upon us all. We are all to suffer because of one small-minded man who couldn’t control his rage.
“I had to help. I just wanted to keep you safe.” He spoke with decisive confidence, hoping his display might be enough to sway Steve from the subject. Sadly, it didn’t do the trick.
“Steve…” Tony can’t take it, all that Steve has suffered, all he has lost and sacrificed. He’s been a victim, he sees it now, and while he knows he’s been hurt by these lies as well, he knows his pain is not unique. “Why maintain the lie, then, when you rescued me?”
Steve had been gone for almost three weeks clearing up a mutiny about 100 miles away that was spreading quickly. After the swell of post-Thanos alien attacks began to wane, borders were quickly constructed, first spanning large stretches, bisecting the country, then began to enclose smaller and smaller spaces. It wasn’t unique to the US - defining boundaries was a practice happening across the globe. Most borders didn’t have a defense other than the physical structure imposed upon the earth, but the disparity of those with resources and those without was severe. There were infinite fights, countless attacks, masses unnumbered in need of protection, and those left of the former team constantly traveled to stabilize as much of the country as possible. They were familiar with responding to aliens and beings non-terrestrial, but the threats to their new world were now almost exclusively perpetuated by residents of Earth.
He rolled over in the icy bed - a fading scent enticed him, both familiar and unknown at the same time. It started to drive him mad, as if the origin was something he should know, and yet he had no explanation for how it got there.
After this meal, they’ll all go their separate ways, eventually. And he’ll be left with whatever an alien invasion bequeaths.
“Tony, are you alright?” Steve sounds concerned, but Tony’s not entirely sure if there’s a hint of judgement to his sharp tone.
I now have no need for these concrete walls - my mind is a prison. It’s an endless vortex, ceaselessly spinning and sucking me further into its depths. I won’t fight it anymore.
After a few too many missteps, Nomad grabs Tony by the bicep, a firm grasp that helps quicken their pace. Their bodies brush against one another, and Tony shivers as he feels Nomad’s breath caress his cheek.
“The other pirates,” Steve said with a deprecating wince. “Awful kind fellows. But very adamant about the getup. Am I going to be asked to leave?” Steve looked around the room at the gawking patrons.
“You feel incredible,” he murmured. As his thrusts grew more erratic, the words flowed more and more freely. “God, you feel
“Oh,” Steve sighed with a laugh. “You would think that’s the first thing they would want to tell the great Tony Stark.”
Something bright flashed, catching his attention even through his closed eyes. Steve pulled away, leaving only enough room for breath and flowing water to fill the space between where their lips had parted. Upon opening his eyes, through drops of rain, he saw an impossible golden glow surrounding them.
As far as alien invasions go, this is an outcome Tony thinks he can tolerate. It’s just the beginning, he knows, realizing that there is as much darkness in the statement as there exists hope.
“I kept telling myself we’d have time. Every time I fucked up. Every miscommunication. Every missed opportunity. I thought, ‘we’ll be ok, we’ve got time.’” He shifted awkwardly, searching for the resolve to carry him through, allowing the weight of the significance of the chance he’d been gifted settle upon his shoulders.
He knew this, he knew this is what the Chitauri’s aim was, but he couldn’t help but feel like by revealing their trick, it would kill him, too.
Tony suffers through the aftermath of the Chitauri invasion of New York, desperately seeking relief through music.
“Eh, just some sparkling juice. Non-alcoholic. Figured it doesn’t make a difference to you, and it should make a whole lot to me.”
“Fine, fine! He just kinda brushed it off, said he didn’t remember anything. ‘There’s nothing to talk about if I don’t remember!’ That bullshit. Have you tried talking to Cap?”
Steve wasted no time pressing Tony into the ground, rough and hard. He began to thrust, slowly, confidently, then increasing pace as the brunette ceased his own rhythm. It was obscene how Tony groaned and babbled and allowed Steve to take him, to pound him quickly, rapidly, with no reprieve. His head was spinning, it was too much, Tony was always too much, and even with sensation muted on every inch of skin other than his cock, he was overstimulated, overwhelmed, becoming shaky and erratic and -
Steve was at a loss for words. He couldn’t wait any more, he had to try it on. Just as he started to try to place it on his finger, Tony’s warm and calloused hand stopped him. “Hey, don’t you wanna wait for tomorrow?” His smile was easy, and Steve felt so safe even when he was lost in those warm brown eyes.
The thick diameter of the band was an adjustment. It’s width was somewhat constricting to his finger’s movements, especially when training, but the foreign circle embracing his third digit quickly became an item that grounded him when he needed to be present.
“You big sneak!” Steve almost ran face-first into Tony, who was waiting just on the other side of the hall.
Steve set the note by his bed, and hurriedly followed instructions. When he arrived at the highest level of the tower, JARVIS admitted him to a vacant workshop. Just when he was about to give up, he saw a door ajar. Timidly, with anticipation, Steve wandered outside into the rooftop, then curved around the backside of the glass-paneled structure. Sure enough, Tony was there, with two glasses of light-colored liquid. He accepted the glass from an outstretched hand and took a sip.
“All I feel you.” Tony turned away with his admission, and something betrayed Steve’s heart, something deep and wild lurched at Tony’s words,
The attack was unlike anything they had ever known. Thanos wasn’t just some legend they had been warned of. He was supremely formidable, and after sparing no expense, exhausting every option, strategy, and tactic they had ever discussed, Thanos was no more.
“I wasn’t drunk.” Tony’s gaze was burning into Steve now. “I was drinking. Not drunk. Actually, it was the last time I ever…” his voice trailed off, eyes now lost in something far away. “Even so, why wouldn’t you talk to me about it later? Not even when you moved in two years ago?”
Steve hovered over Tony as they panted heavily together. Other than the impossible sensations of heat and tightness overwhelming his cock, his body felt nothing else, only stiff fabric encasing his skin. The uniform was cumbersome, true, but the power it had over Tony was satisfaction enough for Steve.
Tony cornered him, viciously insulting, ranting, exclaiming in a fit of raving nonsense. But Steve was listening, and he knew it wasn’t nonsense. So when Tony spit out the culmination of his rant, he was ready.
Steve was confused. He'd been gone on an intensive mission for weeks, he wasn’t exactly keeping track of the date while pacifying hostile masses. “Uh, no, I didn’t.”
“What’s there to understand?” Steve pulled back to look deep into Tony’s eyes. “You found your soulmate.” Now, the clouds were far behind them, and like the candy Tony had offered him earlier, all of Steve’s troubles felt like they had melted away.
They kissed deeply, interrupted only by scattered moans, as Tony took them both in hand, rocking and stroking them to the brink.
“What’s there to remember? We were manipulated, maybe even brainwashed, why can’t we just move on like it never happened?”
“No, but you know what I mean! If they can’t stand to be around each other, Cap’s definitely gonna leave. But then he can’t be the only one on the team who doesn’t live here, so someone’ll have to go with him. But then it’ll be like we’re choosing sides, and...oh god, is this the end of the
The antagonizing forces descend upon them, quickly surrounding them. Nomad unsheathes a parrying dagger with his left hand, and in an artful choreography, begins to lay waste to their attackers. Tony watches the flashes of movement while upside down, disoriented from Nomad’s incredible movements. The dozens of attackers are fierce and unrelenting, and as Nomad is beginning to falter, Tony sees his opportunity.
“Are you sure?” Tony’s eyes were dark with lust, but was he really ready for this? Steve returned a kiss, slow and deep, before hoisting Tony upon his hips. “You tell me to stop, yeah?”
He tries to fight, but feels weary, and the next thing he knows his wrists are being tied together again. This time, the binding is more comfortable, but still unbreakable.
Steve started to lean in and reach his hand out toward Tony, then hesitated, still searching for something in Tony’s eyes. And it didn’t take anything more for Tony to know he wanted to bridge the gap between them.
Steve thinks sarcastically, humming along with the song, punching and attacking to the beat as Tony impressively takes another one of the crafts out of the horizon.
“Tony,” Steve started, but he had probably just discovered the source as well. He let out a laugh, and buried his face in Steve’s soggy shirt. Steve pulled him close, rocking with laughter of his own.
Before he can think to answer the question, his ears are overwhelmed by the sounds of explosives. He lurches from where he’s sitting, which he now realizes is the floor, but he’s bound at the ankles and wrists so he can’t move very effectively. Instead of jumping to his feet as intended, he falls pathetically on his side. The ground is vibrating from detonations, and he thinks he hears a shout or two, but nothing more. The sounds are growing closer, rapidly, and while he debates whether to brace for impact or to pray to a higher being instead, a massive explosion hits the wall.
Tony let out a heavy sigh. Tentatively, he bit at his lower lip, anguished, again and again, wrestling with a thought so loud Steve could almost feel the words vibrating on his skin. In the end, Tony’s control maintained. A decoy question was uttered instead, a veiled attempt to distract from the million-dollar question that would remain unanswered. “Did anyone take pictures?” His voice was strained.
Tony’s unbearable heat was toppling him, fast. The brunette was tight, so tight, impossibly so, and Steve felt lightning rip through his core as his deep thrusts became uncontrollable spasms of pleasure. He chased his orgasm furiously, a man of pure desperation, trailing a high he once regarded a friend and with whom he would never reunite.
Someone moves, Tony can’t be sure who, and their lips brush together in tentative exploration. It lasts far too long and not long enough before Tony threads his fingers through Steve’s hair and claims his lips in a proper kiss.
“Have you ever tried shawarma?” His eyes still can’t quite focus, his breath he still can’t quite catch. He doesn’t know who he’s talking to, if anyone, or even how he’s forming words when his lungs still feel like they’re on fire. He’s probably back on Earth, somehow, he probably survived,
A song starts to play, and to say Tony is confused wouldn’t begin to describe the way his brain is unable to process what he’s hearing.
“Thought you liked to be restrained.” The voice is gruff now and he feels himself forcefully pulled into a bridal-style hold.
After the daunting nightmares won’t fade, Tony tries to go meta with his experience. It’s not a big deal. He decides music therapy is what he needs - not that he needs
For as long as Tony had been in the secret hero business, his instinctive tendency to worry still didn’t ebb, at least not when it came to those he cared about, which he was learning extended to include Steve. He was trusting, and warm, and handsome as all hell. The man, the myth, the legend, who lived up to it all and so,
Tony gingerly crossed a humble threshold. With his hands in his pockets, he maintained an air of casualty that Steve knew was disingenuous. Steve watched with solicitous eyes as Tony carefully surveyed the pitiful room, employing a level of focus a piece of art displayed at the MoMA more deserved. “‘S not bad,” came the unconvincing reply.
He knew Tony well, and he knew the uniform was the most erotic fixation of Tony’s mind. These days, that was one of the only things that could push Steve over the edge, too.
He couldn’t remember much, and what he did remember was dwindling with every passing second. But he remembered the sex. Nothing exactly specific, but he remembered the fluidity, a balanced giving and taking, the cohesive equity or tender, shared intimacy. He remembered the feeling - not the feeling of climax or release, but of peace and serenity and warmth afterward. The ineffable feeling of being Tony Stark’s lover. And he knew the ache and longing and absence that festered in the wake of these shared sensations.
With a liberal coating glistening on his ungloved fingertips, Steve went to work. He didn’t need to open Tony deep, just wide, and he gently teased at him to stretch him just wide enough. Tony’s vocalizations encouraged him on, but Steve kept a steady pace, knowing he wouldn’t be tempted to give up his control.
“You must find us shelter at once!” He orders. Nomad is staggering in his gait, and is slowing a bit. “You’ll kill us both if you don’t!” Nomad indicates to continue his path. Still bound at the wrists, Tony awkwardly wraps his hands around Nomad’s jaw and pulls his face to meet his gaze. “Listen to what I say!”
Steve pushed through the heavy metal doors leading to the helipad atop Avengers tower. The chill of wind shot through him, sobering him to the moment. What had he come up here to do? The looming shadow of the honest answer churned his stomach to sickness.
If guilt was something Steve had the capacity to feel any longer, he might have felt it by now. The stress of all they had endured as Avengers and the friction caused by their disagreement over the accords left Steve devoid of what he once considered integral parts of his identity. Their clandestine trysts were all that they shared. He couldn’t supply Tony with the words he wished for, no matter how desperately he wanted to. Nothing he could do would ever be enough, so Steve reasoned they may as well spend their time communicating through moans. Somehow, in spite of his temper and all that he was unable to give, Tony seemed to agree.
Heart still pounding, he allowed himself to be pulled along. Tony led them to the stairs, and they frantically descended dozens of flights to make it to the lobby. Before he could think to resist, Tony single-handedly flung the front doors open and dragged him outside.
“Your wicked persona seems to have penetrated your sensible heart, has it not, Steve?” Tony squeezes Steve’s hand fiercely. “But I forgive you, my love. I’ll always forgive you.”
Steve returned to New York in May, exactly one year to the day that he and Tony exchanged promises to fix the accords and set policy right. He’d had nothing but time to dream about their reunion. Sure, they talked and exchanged texts almost daily through the entire separation, but Steve couldn’t even allow his wildest dreams to indulge in a hope for anything more than a working relationship with the brown-eyed genius, the man he almost...
“See? I told you this is what you like.” Tony returned with an indulgent moan, stretching his head back, allowing Steve to lick along the exposed skin of his sensitive neck. “Gonna get you nice and ready to take me, gonna strip you down, kiss you hard, and take you deep. All without taking this uniform off. ‘Cause I know that’s what’s gonna make you come.”
“There are alternatives I consider satisfactory,” he drawls as Tony’s eyes continue to well with tears. “You will not just confirm my status, but will bring me unimaginable wealth. I’m no fool, I know your assets are no longer under your sway, but mark me, that’s of no consequence to the slew of fine buyers who are lining up at the very whisper of your name.”
Tony replied urgently. Parrot? Sea shanties? Tony performing on alternating weekends? None of this was making sense.
And now, months after Steve attacked, weeks after Steve took, a day after Steve had snapped and yelled and dismissed, hours after Tony filled him with incandescence and yearning and awe, Steve was inconvenienced once again by Tony’s affections.
“Tony…” Despite the chill, he felt heat creep up his neck, an all too familiar sensation when he was unsure of what to do.
Soft light woke Steve from a troubled slumber. He knew it was early, but the exact hour evaded him. A slight pang of panic rose in his gut - he hadn’t overslept, had he? He glanced around for a clock but couldn’t seem to find one. Instead, inconveniently, he found himself to be stuck. To his left, Tony was sleeping peacefully, mouth agape, a small droplet of drool making its escape from the corner of his lips - and to his right was an unforgiving wall, a wall that supplied the solid support they required for their activities only hours ago, but that now felt like an impenetrable barrier, maintaining his captivity.
For the rest of the afternoon, he busied himself with cleaning and setting up his place, though he knew there would be no level of cleanliness nor amount of décor that could affect how the events of the evening would proceed.
“Ok, let me bring us back to the beginning, and tell you again what you can expect.” He paused and waited for Steve to nod, indicating for him to continue. “I just wanna help you adjust. You’ve been through a hell of a lot, and it’s gonna take time to get used to it. You’re safe here, and I can help you.”
Tony can’t believe what he’s hearing. He allows his legs to give way from underneath him, and falls to his knees on the jagged ground.
The startling clatter of metal rattled his core. Violent words scared away the hope blossoming inside his heart.
“Alright, so Dr. Banner seems to have found the originating source.” Fury’s announcement startled the pair as he suddenly burst into the snow-white triage room.
They settled into an easy evening, enjoying popcorn and movies while snuggled close on Steve’s modestly-sized sofa. As the hours grew small, Steve noticed Tony start to nod off in between action sequences. “Hey, maybe it’s time to call it a night?” He suggested gently.
“I feel things. Things I can’t explain. Emotions. Other people’s feelings, good and bad and everything in between. But with you...I could feel it from hundreds of miles away when they were still thawing you from your DIY cryogenic cube.” Tony hesitated, for a moment worried he’d already said too much. When he felt a spark of tenderness, he knew it was the push he needed to continue. “I just knew you were in shock, colossal pain, and needed my help. I’ve never told anyone that about myself before.”
Tony stood before a freshly-thawed Captain America in a vacant common room of Stark Tower. Seven hours ago, Tony had woken from the dead of sleep, overcome by profound grief and loneliness unlike anything he’d ever felt before. It didn’t take long to find the source of his pain, and even less time for his silver tongue to convince Fury to release the super soldier to him.
“Tell me what you feel.” Tony faltered, hesitant. “I’ll tell you, too, just tell me, Tony, it can’t be bad,
.” This phrase finally stopped Tony’s spiraling, and Steve knew it was the only opportunity he would get to push forward. “You’ve overcome so much, Tony. You have. Not just survived -
I apologize for the delay. I did receive your last few letters. They bring me a comfort more than you could realize.
Bruce approached, giving a quick glance at the restraints. “These really necessary, Bruce?” He gave a small jump to Tony’s gruff, biting question.
He sobbed with his whole body into the small hours of the morning, for once wishing to forget so completely that the pain could fade away, too.
Despite this, home never changed, even when everything else around them did, and Steve always came back to the one who could assuage him.
“The Chitauri are good at what they do, and are particularly adept with technology, you see. However, limitations do exist to their capabilities. Mind control only extends so far. If their aim was to weaken Stark and Captain Rogers through means of compromising their most formidable sources of power, the mind control should only be able to accomplish that end.”
Nomad doesn’t respond, and jerks his vise-like grip on his arm to compel Tony to restart a swift stride. The march is growing treacherous as the forest is thinning and slippery sheets of rock are exposed from the earth. They ascend a mountain, and now Tony is struggling to maintain pace with his superhuman captor. Nomad doesn’t slow, and continues to pull him along no matter how awkwardly Tony stumbles.
“Tony, it’s ok, you’re safe,” he whispered, reaching a hand back to settle firmly on his boyfriend’s shoulder. “Tony, you’re ok-”
Tony allows Nomad to bring him to his feet. He’s momentarily unsteady on the broken branches before the blood rushes to his feet.
Tony extends his arms, and Nomad extends his blade to sever the binding. His breathing is strained, and he remains propped on one arm laying on the ground.
“No,” he whispers. “I’m not the man they say I am. I refused to agree to the SHIELD’s desires once the attacks ceased. In retaliation, to ensure my exile, they’ve spread stories, committed atrocities in my name. I’ve been on a relentless quest to end their plight. It seems the SHIELD are not who they claim to be.”
“God, I love it when you fuck me like this, god, you’re so fuckin’ sexy…” Tony’s high whines and ramblings were growing breathier and more incoherent with each syllable. “It’s so hot, so
“Well, then, there you have it. I’m sure others would disagree with you, but you see it how you will.”
You know, he was a character witness at the trial in my defense. I suppose everyone knows that, now. He’s charming, and if you watched any of the coverage, you’ll know his charismatic tongue was a great asset to my defense. But you won’t know that his testaments at trial were insincere. Behind closed doors, when the cameras left, when proceedings paused, Tony and I had a few moments, in the end. We were close once, in a way no one knew but us. I asked him about his testimony, and he told me he didn’t mean it. He told me to move on, accept the olive branch, and accept the way the world will be from now on. I don’t agree with his choices. I think he was selfish, self-centered, egotistical, and I think he was a genius, too. Such a genius, in fact, that he could’ve prevented this, all of this, and yet, he didn’t. His hubris got the better of him, didn’t it? I knew it always would.
The ghost of the useless affirmation echoed in his empty body, dark and cold once again, devoid and hardened with misery. Maybe their stolen moments weren’t enough, and he would never find what he craved from Tony. The relief he found when they were together was fleeting, and it was beginning to take its toll. Maybe he’d been wrong about it all. It would be easier to walk away and never come back.
They’re a rag-tag team if they’re nothing else, and they’re all battle-worn and utterly weary. Tony can’t help but think he’s got to be the most wrung-out, but somehow when they all slump into their chairs, the others look worse than he expected - especially Steve, who looks like he can barely stay awake.
All thought and reason left his conscious mind. He dipped his head and claimed Tony’s lips with his own. Steve kissed him deeply, filled with a desperation he didn’t know he had been living with. From Tony’s eagerness, he distantly wondered if he really felt the same. Tender movements became mirrored, and soon, the feeling of Tony’s lips was not enough. He ran his hands through soft, wet locks of hair, holding Tony’s head securely with an unspoken prayer to never let this end. The water ran down his face as their kisses grew deeper, open-mouthed, and increasingly slippery. It wasn’t until now, this moment, that he realized how profoundly he wished for this to be true. If they ever stopped, he’d know, he’d have his answer, and what if the answer wasn’t what he wished for?
“You must remove this so I can help.” Tony reaches for Nomad’s face, but he hisses and recoils. “Come, now, this is no time for that. Take off your armor!” He’s able to see the impossible break in the cowl, and is impressed that the piece hasn’t yet fallen away.
It didn’t matter that they were on the roof, surrounded by the brisk chill of midnight - Steve still guided Tony to the ground. Beds and mattresses were overrated, even though they were a scarcity these days.
Mortality has a tendency to force a person to accept their shortcomings, and Steve knows he messed it up.
Bruce let out a heavy sigh. “Yes, it is almost assured you will both experience memory loss of recent events. But you will have the whole team to help you both remember and piece back together what you need to know.”
I was once a man of hope, trusting if I gave him what he needed, he would change his mind, and I could tell him my secret.
Apprehensively, Tony accepted the drink as their ritual dictated he would. With closed eyes, he took six long sips.
“You mean it?” Tony asked hesitantly. “I really don’t want to keep you up any more than I already have.”
“I watched you.” If Steve was going to do this, he had to go for it. No more hesitation, no doubts or second-guesses. He knew what these words did to Tony, and he knew what he wanted to give to him. Now, it was out of his hands. Tony would have to decide whether or not to allow himself to fall through the wormhole and afford Steve the chance to prove himself.
Tony was born from total destruction. A self-proclaimed hot mess, Tony muses that there is so much more work for him to do. There will be more to come. He’s seen as much. He’s got to do something.
Tony immediately shot an incredulous look to Steve. “The sixth.” He replied, annoyed, stopping abruptly in his tracks.
“You weren’t stupid. No...you just got stuck with me.” He was sorry, so sorry, sweet Tony was subjected to an existence that bound them together. Being soulmates could mean anything, and Steve couldn’t fathom why Tony would relegate himself to such a life. “I didn’t know. I really didn’t. You were drunk, and I didn’t think you knew, didn’t think it would mean anything to you, even if you did. I never- I never realized all of those things happened on the same date.” He spoke softly, fearful of a tone that could scare away the man before him.
“Why don’t you just sleep at my place?” Steve offered one afternoon, without much thought. “You’ve given me more than enough space, and the sofa folds out into an extra bed, which I’ve been looking for an excuse to test out. C’mon, you can have the bed, and would be doing me a favor.”
“Thank you, Tony.” Steve couldn’t help but smile. The warmth filled him so full, he couldn’t help that every expression he displayed had to relieve some of what was bursting from within.
awakened their soulbonds. Many couples swore they were soulmates - there was an undeniable magnetism, and they were sure of it, but they were unable to create the glowing phenomena that occurred when a soulbond awakens.
As if they had done this a thousand times before, Steve carried him to the meager couch tucked away in a forgotten corner of the lab, their lips never parting through the journey.
“You find yourself a discreet little - what do we call this? A - room? One, two, three, four walls and...yep! A ceiling. Of course. It’s a room. A nice little
-!” he tries to shout in between strides, but he receives no response. He realizes they are outside now, because he can smell damp earth, and the air is no longer musty. Even in a compromised position, it’s already gotten a bit easier to breathe, so he tries to shout again.
Having asked JARVIS to find Steve for him, Tony walked upstairs and went towards the sofa where Steve was sitting alone, drawing. “Get up and put some shoes on, Rogers, we’re going to a restaurant.”
Steve figured it would be best if he explained this next part, considering that he was the team leader and all, so he started speaking, not quite looking at Tony but instead at a point on the wall
“So we were…” Tony glances back at the photos for a second, then fixes his gaze back on Steve. “I mean, you and him – you were.”
He cannot tell how the others feel. Their faces are schooled into neutral expressions, ones that Steve has not yet learnt how to read. He may never get the chance to learn, doesn’t know when he’ll next be seeing them again, if he sees them at all. They were a good team, but they’ve only done this once. Three of them, Barton, Romanoff, and himself, will always work for SHIELD. Maybe together, maybe apart, but at least they will be in the same hands. The rest of the Avengers have no firm ties to SHIELD, other than that they have worked alongside them, but never
The battle of New York is over, and the Avengers are seated around a table, eating shawarma in a shop that is in pieces.
Steve isn’t gonna do it, anyway. He trudges back to his room, perfectly ready to spend the next few hours there, or days or whatever, as they wait for Tony to get back. Maybe he should pack a go-bag, he thinks, just in case Tony’s mad and tries to kick him out.
“No! No, I definitely didn’t…” In fact, it was the exact opposite of that. But Steve wasn’t about to say that to young Tony when he hadn’t even said it to the
“I’m your favourite,” the man, Clint, says with a wink, and Tony can’t stop the laugh that comes out.
Steve tosses Coulson a t-shirt as he comes over to sit (Steve is coming over to sit!) and Coulson gratefully pulls it on.
.” Tony was grinning, glancing around the room to work out where to look when talking to JARVIS. This was the most enthusiastic Steve had seen Tony since the whole de-aging thing. It was nice, it made him seem more like his older self.
The lobby is blissfully silent when they step inside, and Phil walks straight past the receptionist and security guards to enter the Avenger’s private elevator. When they’re alone on the ride up, Tony speaks for the first time in an hour.
But that’s not an option, so he puts on a smile and holds out a hand for the kid to shake. “That’s right,” he says. “Steve Rogers, at your service.”
“So,” Tony says, slinging an arm around Steve’s neck and leaning back to look at him. “Love of your life, huh?”
a terrible husband, I’m sure,” says Clint, reappearing from the corridor. Natasha looks at him questioningly, and Clint shrugs. “Got kicked out for ‘being a dick’. What are we watching?”
The question was directed at Bruce, and so he was the one that replied. “It’s been a long time, Tony. And there’s no cure for old age.” He was frowning slightly as he said it, and Steve could tell that the same thing was going round his head as was going round Steve’s: why had he asked after his butler and not his parents?
The armour hits the ground seconds before Steve can get there, so he hastily manoeuvres the suit into a more comfortable – well, a more
He realises he’s been staring at Clint a moment too late, because when he takes notice of his surroundings everyone is looking at him carefully.
They do not kiss again that night (although there is plenty of that the next morning), instead just returning to bed, the same bed, and holding each other until they both manage to fall asleep. Tony does not talk about what was wrong, and Steve doesn’t ask. Everyone has problems, and everyone prefers to keep them to themselves.
Eight o’clock. Only half an hour until the dinner reservations that Tony had made, and suddenly, he felt very nervous. He had never been nervous in his life, not properly anyway. Weird. He fiddled with his bracelets for a moment, considering not wearing them. What was the likelihood that he would need to call his suit, anyway? But he left them on anyway, just in case. Probably just his paranoia, but he felt like even thinking about that stuff would jinx his evening.
He slows himself down and stands, cautiously, across the room from Tony, looking straight into his eyes. “Agent Coulson was unavailable, so was Bruce,” he says. “I’m Agent Barton, you can call me Clint.”
The room became silent again, nobody sure quite what to say. It was Clint that broke the silence, saying “But the older you
Tony blinks once, twice. He’s not in his bed, he’s not in his room. The ceiling is bright white, sterile. There’s a tube in his arm and a mask on his face, and he can hear monitors beeping over the quiet hustle and bustle outside. So a hospital.
The man sighs and lowers his gun. “I worried as much.” He looks carefully at Tony, as if he could explode at any moment. “What year is it, Tony?”
Aliens, fine. Whatever. Been there, done that, got the t-shirt. Weird, unidentifiable tech that causes havoc until Tony can figure out what to do? Sure. But Tony isn’t around to figure this one out, not really, and Bruce is looking less and less hopeful by the minute.
His room – Tony’s room, the room they share, is actually quite small. Maybe small is the wrong word, because Steve’s pretty sure it’s the size of his old apartment in Brooklyn, but that’s what everyone says when they see it. That it’s smaller than they’d expected.
If more than three Avengers leave Stark Tower at the same time, people notice. People assume they’re headed out on a mission, so they get out their phones and they snap and they tweet and, of course, they call the press. It’s less than ideal.
Clint saying “what the fuck have you done to yourself, sir?” is the first thing Tony hears as the Avengers arrive back in the tower after their quick debrief.
After a few moments of watching him, Steve can no longer bear to see Tony like this, and he gently lays a hand on his shoulder, hoping that this makes him better, not worse (or at the very least, it makes no difference at all). He’s lucky, however, because the shaking slows, and Tony turns to face him. He looks an absolute wreck, and Steve finds himself at a loss for words. So he does the only thing that his brain is allowing him to do, and he leans forwards to press their lips together.
Bruce stood by Coulson and Maria, all had clear looks of vexation on their faces. Tony, Steve and Thor were sitting at the other side of the table from Natasha and Clint. Steve was holding on to his crutch like a vice. Tony was scowling at his phone and Thor was quite pensive.
“I need you to protect those projection pods and keep the containment field intact. When that thing goes down the Rhododendron will have access to the civilians again.”
Steve’s confusion melted to shock then to equal excitement as four children bounded into his studio.
Steve could feel his ribs fracture all over again at the pressure. A new wave of agony and hysteria overcoming him. He continued to watch his brother battle his pursuers unable to do anything to help him. His heart was an absolute anguish.
“You most certainly had us all worried. I did not know one little robot had the capacity to do that to you.” He stated with concern.
Steve stopped believing that his dreams where merely an over active imagination days ago. He knew that somehow, he did not know how, that parts of his dreams were memories. This man and this armor exists somewhere. He chalked it up to some sort of secret mission he may have been on. After everything he saw that Hydra was capable of, it really didn't seem so far-fetched.
His surroundings changed from his prison to the vast freedom of the night starry sky. The stars twinkled brilliantly and the crisp cool air filled his lungs soothing the crushing tension in his chest. He relaxed in her hold and watched as the dark scenery passed them by. They were up high, way way up. The ocean was a vast void on the horizon. Buildings, no, cities were mere specs below them.
Steve copied and stood there for a moment to gather his wits. Everyone was making slow progress to the source factory, on the completely other side of the city. Steve had to figure out how to get the kids out of this city safely by himself.
Director Fury thought for a moment.  Clint’s fears were in a small, tiny, way justifiable.  They had only served to escalate to that point due to the fact that not only was everyone on edge already but everyone also was experiencing a significant lack of sleep.  It was not just last night that many had not slept.  It had been the buildup of the many nights since this case first became official that had gotten everybody so beat down.
As Tony looked up into Steve's laughing eyes, he knew things weren't going to be anywhere near perfect. They had a lot of things they needed to work on, to fix. But for the first time in perhaps his whole life, he could see the possibility of a truly bright and happy future. And when Steve pulled him close again and to kiss him so tenderly and with such reverence, Tony realized with disdain and mortification that he had completely forgotten that he was supposed to design his armor with more crotch room… again.
"My boy! Are you all right? You look as if you've seen a ghost you have." Frank came up beside Steve concerned. And he lightly touched Steve's arm.
“Ah huh, he is very strong. But I couldn’t make his gold feathers stand out right.” She said with a pout.
Steve quickly assessed the situation and found that there were five children total. They were all under the age of twelve as far as he could tell. There was even an infant being cared for by the eldest.
Tony was starting become overly big headed and snarky. Bruce started to look a little green and the Beast was growling. Fury was fuming with his hand on his firearm. Coulson was also looking twitchy with his hand on his own gun. Natasha had a neutering glint in her eye. Clint was seeing targets and even Professor Xavier was starting to look as if he was going to pull something drastic.
“Oh my Dear Anthony. What you think you have isn’t close to being accurate. The algorithms and data you have of my supposed abilities are incomplete at best.” Tony visibly gulped.
When they made it to town together, they had gotten on the bus first and headed on over to Cranston. Ellie was a ball of excitement the entire time, pointing out notable things out the window as they passed.
Not just because of the things that have transpired the last several hours or the last several weeks or even months. He just wished… Well, he didn’t really know what he wished anymore. Everything was just so messed up it’s difficult to make heads or tails of anything.
“It’s been ten hours since he has awakened.”  He heard Hank speak again.  Someone else spoke but he could not hear their response.
“This whole thing seems very familiar to me.  Like an old legend my father told me so very long ago.  Give me time to dig into the archives I’m certain I will find something useful.  But let me leave you with this warning if this is in fact related to the legends of old that I am referring then there is likely no cure for the fallen.”
The genius turned to Steve to find the Captain with a look of pure mirth and elation on his face despite his injuries.
"It seems that the Rhododendron creature has opened a rift that cuts right into the Yræ realm. If even one adult Rögvava is allowed through it will mean certain doom for your race. That is absolute."
All they needed now were a few leviathans, a couple of OP Asgardians and maybe a Death Star. Then they could really get this party started.
“I’ll also need Tony and Thor. You both would be the most lethal to those doom bots.” He hates to pull Tony away from the lab when he could be working on deciphering the code but knows how much smoother this mission would go with him.
“No, he said for Thor to take me away. He said nothing about not coming back!” Tony shouted as he tossed away the soldering iron after making the last of his improvisional repairs.
He began to deepen the shadows on the gold feathers making them really pop. He was proud that she had gotten as far as she did on her own. The color of the gold itself was almost perfect. It was the bright Royal gold that looked freshly polished. She watched him work completely absorbed in his movements.
Bucky only blinked. Steve found them and got them to safety that night. He idly wondered what would have happened if his brother arrived any later or not at all.
Jeez! I still didn’t get to my main key points that I wanted to this chapter. It just kept growing and got out of control. I had these key points since chapter 5. *Sweat Drop* Uh, I originally thought this thing was going to be 10-15 chapters way back in the day. At the rate I am going I was dead wrong. Lol. Any comments and theories welcome.
“I know.” Steve cut him off. He looked him square in the eye. “But the people who think you did are looking for you now. And they’re not planning on taking you alive.”
“Indeed, good work Captain.” Fury smiled… Smiled?... And patted Steve on the back before leaving to seek out Coulson.
"Well then, time to get to work." Iron Man said as he blasted off. He landed heavily in front of the nearest one and cursed, "Son of a bitch. They're powered by my arc reactor designs. It's not constructed well, but it's functional."
There was no safe place in the entire city as long as there was at least one of these things floating around. The coms signal came back again and he didn’t even know his blood could run colder.
Steve eventually got up to the Calamity case and talked about his “date” with Tony that led to his stunning revelation and then everything he went through after that. He stuttered his way through the first kiss he shared with Tony after he woke up from his run in with the giant zapper. He went into how lost and confused he was over Tony’s behavior after that and what it felt like coming to the realization that they could never be together after learning he was the keystone and everything that meant for them. He stopped just before waking up in the tower.
"Shit! Try to keep them safe, Jar. They're the only thing standing between the civilians and the enemy."
"But what I found was out of all 75, well 78 now, victims there were 47 present at the same time as some sort of media recording device.  Of that 47, I searched back from 69 seconds after their fall around the surrounding area and found that of the 47, 39 of them had that very woman hidden somewhere in the background.  I know it’s not much to go on but according to the timeline of when and where the various victims fell it is highly likely that it is just this one working alone.”  Of course this is where Clint would have to interject.
Just as Tony had been heavily involved in the removal of Hydra’s hardware he was also going to be overseeing the installation of his own hardware. With the aid of Dr. Davidson and a Dr. Cho from SHIELD, his multitude of notes derived from his consultation with leading neurosurgeon in the world, Dr. Stephen Strange, and a medical precision robot he had quickly whipped together for this purpose, he was ready to get this show on the road.
Steve merely shook his head equally lost. At first he was immensely uncomfortable with Calamity being incredibly touchy feely with him. He knew he could do nothing to stop her. Any attempt to do so could have led to his death or the death of any of his team. He would not allow that.
It was something Tony eternally appreciated about her. She never minced words or wasted her breath. She didn’t tell him that everything was going to be okay, because she knew it wasn’t going to be. When the threat of global extinction had passed, Tony was going to break. He knew it, and she knew it. There was no reason to beat around the bush about it.
“Hold on tight!” Before he scooped up the group of children in his arms and kept running. The zappers grazed his exposed face and arms, he still felt the pain immensely but kept pushing on. Nothing was going to stop him.
As Ellie got back into drawing Rocky, Steve thought about what he dreamt. Now that he was really thinking about it he did dream of something. The longer he thought the more of the dream came back to him. When he got a clearer picture in his head he couldn’t help but chuckle at the absurdity of it.
He does not know who he was addressing at this point all he knew was everybody needed to stop. It didn’t have to go down like this.
Steve shifted next to him making Tony flinch. The Captain turned to her, "Took you long enough." He groused.
"The thing is, Steve left such a huge hole it's impossible to fill, and what the world needs right now isn't a broken man hiding in a suit of armor or a deep cover derelict super soldier…" He said as he walked some distance away and opened a large stainless-steel briefcase.
Tony started to snicker at Steve’s awe. The Soldier didn’t even notice and posed yet another question.
Deep in the heart of a frozen wasteland the fat man stepped over the lifeless body of the translator and entered a secret chamber deep within the long forgotten facility.  He looked around the room at the treasures abandoned that he claimed for himself.  He stopped and smiled salivating at one of six treasures.
Everyone perked up at that statement and stared gapingly at the Professor. Is this it? Everyone was now on the edge of their seats.
Why?! Why this way? Why was he the one who had to carry this burden on his shoulders? Why was he the one who had to endure this sacrifice? Was it punishment for the things that he did and said? How had it all come to this?!
Barnes looked down at the shattered remains of his arm in unconcealed disgust. Tony watched him idly.
Natasha had reunited with Clint as soon as she was free. She had planned to regroup and come up with a solution only to turn around and realize that Steve was not with her but convulsing on the ground with the doom bot just above him. There was nothing either of them could do.
"Very well." She conceded as she began to flutter just infront of him. "Did you not find it odd that you had come to realize your hidden desire for your friend and comrade Anthony only after this case started? Or how each consecutive case had left your body more broken than it had ever been since the serum infusion procedure? Was it not convenient that your friends came up with the most debilitating way to deal with your incoming doom? Was it not the very things you loathed in your youth, to be confined, left behind and belittled?"
“Widow, stay with the jet annihilate what you can, also look for heat signatures of anyone left behind.”
“Well damn, if the professor is sure then we gotta go hunting for an alien jack ass who is in sore need of an arrow shot through his face!” He blurted excitedly already salivating over the chance to try out his new archery equipment Tony fashioned for him.
It was definitely yet another blow to his already thoroughly bruised ego. Clint squinted at him in disbelief.
Tonight, however, he had an entirely different theme altogether. To get straight to the point, grotesque and heinous details aside, Tony, in his nightmare, had raped and murdered Steve in one of the worst and most depraved ways possible. It was disgustingly awful. There was no other way around it.
She led him through a series of doors before stopping in front of a room labeled M. Rogers. He did not like the look of five suits lurking about.
Steve pinned him with a fierce glare intending to speak volumes about his displeasure without uttering a single word. He didn’t trust himself not to say the most vile things he could think of.
“And hey, you would have the top three floors of the tower all to yourself, mostly. I’ll still be here.”
Steve smiled and nodded along. Soon enough lunch was nearly ready and Peggy turned to him with a critical eye.
"I think the blades are good enough for now. Why don't you go and release the butterfly while I mow the rest of the yard, then we can go into town." He suggested.
“At first, really fucking painful. But now it feels somehow hot and cold at the same time.” He said regarding the arm with a thoughtful smile.
This man was his equal. It was almost exhilarating. Steve was slightly faster as the soldier was slightly stronger. Even under these severe conditions Steve found something beautiful in the way they moved. He kept trying to gain eye contact. That was where the familiarity originated. If he can only sustain a glance but the soldier moved too fast, he quickly pulled out a knife and was trying to kill him.
“It is fascinating, is it not? The properties of this particular metal.” She said turning it over in her hands. “You could not have received a better weapon, nor a better symbol.” She mused.
Not only that, it was stirring up some very unsettling emotions. Like déjà vu but not really. It was definitely trying to trigger some long-forgotten memory, that was for sure. And with nothing but hours to sit and think everything over he couldn't help but to allow his thoughts to dance between his worry for Peggy and the baby and trying to decipher the odd feelings he was getting. He hoped that somehow, he could eventually remember whatever it was he had forgotten.
He had installed the safeguards himself specifically so no one could do this. It was only a matter of time now before they were able to take his own suit down, judging by how easily they were able to deflect his assault.
“If that is what you desire, I could put you into a sleep like the others. However, as I said before, I have something extra special planned for you. Yet, I would not begrudge you your right to choose.”
Then all of a sudden Tony looked up from his phone. He observed the others who were all anxiously waiting for his explanation. He grinned almost maniacally.
He hesitated to turn the page once more knowing what was on the other side. Finally, he turned the page with solemn reverence. On the other side was Tony making adjustments to a test piece he intended to use for an upgrade. He remembered that day clearly. Not only did the upgrade test not work, he blew up the entire workstation.
Tony already had all of the information in those folders seeing as he had gathered a lot of that info himself. The crazy genius already had a connection algorithm running using the information. He was also monitoring the ‘space phone’ connectivity.
Angie winked then turned and strode off. Steve was immensely thankful for her support. When Angie was out of view Ellie fell silent and her face grew somber.
A/N: Finally! What’s going to happen next? Steve is starting to remember and Tony had kept his promise after all. What’s going to happen with Steve, Peggy and Ellie when he starts to really remember everything? What is Tony really thinking by breaking Bucky out of prison? Will Tony finally be able to break the code? What role will Bucky play in all of this? What about the twins? We will find out all of this and more in the chapters to come. So stay tuned. ;)
Tony rolled his eyes. It was nearly impossible to take this guy seriously dress like a fucking bunny rabbit. If it wasn’t for the dead civilians and the strange technology he held, he’d write off the guy completely.
Steve wanted to be right there with them.  He wanted to be able at a moment’s notice be of use if they need him to be.  He watched as they worked going over various diagrams and schematics.  It was at times amusing to watch because all three of them had very different methods of working.  But they kept it professional and they clearly kept in their minds what they were working together for.
"She's the warrior Princess looking one that is likely lying somewhere around Ellie's bed." Steve clarified.
“Thor, will you go check on Clint and make sure he is stable? Remind him why we are here.” Thor nodded.
"It's wrapped up, Babydoll. You probably won't see what it is until after the wedding." He explained.
"My God, I love you Steve. So fucking much and it's my stupid fucking fault that every fucking thing happened the way it did because I was too scared to tell you the truth." Tears began flowing down Tony's face. "And I was so cruel to you. I had mistakenly thought you had betrayed us, me, and I had said so many terrible things to you that I can never take back and not one of those things were true. You are the most important person to me and I failed you! I am so sorry Steve! I'm so fucking sorry!" He cried in agony and regret.
In the corner of his eye he could see his team sit straighter in anticipation. Even if Barnes miraculously knew the algorithm, the program could mean nothing… or everything. Tony knew this likely would lead nowhere, but any little olive branch he’d happily snatch up. Their lives depended on it.
No, it wasn't because they hit a few snags when placing the devices on some of Calamity's victims. Because apparently there were a few select people who tried to interfere due to some weird anti-technology extremist cult. Because you know, that's a thing.
His first instinct was to go check on Tony and see how he was doing.  But then everything that had happened the night before came rushing back to him.  He had to think it over for a moment.  He couldn’t simply avoid the genius the way he wanted to because surely someone would notice.  He knew he would have to act as if nothing had changed, as if he didn’t have this incredible realization about himself.  He had decided to make it a personal mission, to make sure nobody realized that something was different about him.  His mission would be put into action soon enough as he spotted Natasha waltzing up to him with an air of determination.
Steve wasted no time getting Ellie and himself into the car that was now pointed to the road. He just shoved himself, Ellie and the suitcase into the back seat.
After Thor and Iron Man successfully broke through Dooms perimeter, Steve safely landed the Quin jet on a rooftop and the others bailed to do their job. Captain America began to usher in the people through the perimeter opening. The National Guard showed up and began aiding the civilians as they passed through.
Steve doesn’t know why her question sent such a jolt through his system. That statement was utterly accurate, he felt like. But not in the way she meant it. He shook his head again.
“No, I was worried about you. I thought for sure you were going to get mauled by Lloyd’s dog after you beat the crap out of him.”
“You wipe that innocent look up your face, jackass, and stop buying random shit off of Amazon. I have enough random shit lying around here from too many drunken sleepless nights.” Tony grumbled.
She merely chuckled, "My dear Steven, I give you my word that I mean him no harm. Truly, our deal still stands."
Agent Hill and Fury were hoping something extreme wouldn’t happen like in New York. If the douch bag council butted in again it could only end horribly.
He can’t really imagine working on anything mechanical in there. To be honest anything that has to do with mechanics and technology was most certainly not his strong suit. He usually left those kind of things to Howard and… Bucky. He shook himself.
It had been a long and difficult night for Steve.  He tried to shake his thoughts but to no avail.  He had desperately tried to continue to deny his feelings for Tony.  He tried to simply categorize it as merely admiration and respect for a friend that he cares so deeply about.  He tried to convince himself that his pull to Tony was merely platonic.  Like the way he had always thought of Bucky as his best friend and brother.  But then again he never ever had the urge to kiss Bucky the way he wanted to kiss Tony.
"Oh, I beg to differ, Stark!" The Rhododendron shouted from his perch upon a stack of cars about three hundred meters to Iron Man's left.
The situation was looking pretty hairy. Von Doom had created a nearly impenetrable barrier using his new doom bots. Steve quickly assessed the situation.
Bucky regarded the new threat, he ripped the darts from his flesh and made to engage War Machine. He could hear Tony speaking but none of the words were sinking in. His torment only intensified when he saw the agents get closer with a number of devices designed to subdue him. He had been on the receiving end of many of them before. Steve tried to buck Tony off but Iron Man held him down firmly. One of his hands roughly grabbing around the jagged cut on his arm making him scream out in misery.
Before Jarvis could even reply, a series of explosions sounded off outside the compound.  The entire building shook.  Steve could feel it resonate in his bones.
It was of course Tony's job to figure out how to disable it safely, without, you know, sucking the whole planet into its pseudo-void.
Tony isn't coping well with the backlash of the last mission.  However, he finds hope in the unlikeliest place.
He thought back to that night and tried to remember how and why he could have given in so easily. Yes, he was out of his mind with grief and heartache and was weak enough to seek solace from the enemy, but then he remembered.
When Bucky heard him cry out he rounded on the Shield agents closing in on him using his left arm to utterly devastate them without remorse. With yet another weapon in his possession he whipped around with fiery intensity gripping the powerful firearm tight in his left.
“Please do not misunderstand. It is not that I do not want to help, it is that I am unable to help.” She replied regretfully.
“But out of it Barnes!” He shouted rolling his eyes. “It was all just a really ridiculous stupid misunderstanding.” He finally answered.
A/N: Haha, Come now! I wasn’t really going to kill off my Favorite character. I’m not that heartless. Lol I just needed Steve to think I did so that he could reach his breaking point. Bucky still has an important part to play and I can’t wait to bring on the Tony and Bucky banter.
“Jarvis, you’ll lock the door behind us, won’t you?” Tony requested as if he were merely heading out to the grocery store.
Tony cursed madly, in his desperation he began to mutter more overrides some not even linked to the suit at all. He was sure some codes were for the microwave, coffee maker and showerhead.
A/N: Hello everybody and welcome back! Thank you everyone who took the time to leave me a review. I really like knowing what people think of my story so far.
She didn't seem to speak to him but within him. Her voice was as he recognized it, yet also as small as her form suggested and at the same time deep and vast as the universe itself. Every word she spoke seemed to be whispered and echoed by the very nature around them.
He could not fail them. He would not let them die the way he let Bucky die. He mustered all the strength he could, focusing his mind until it seemed like time froze. He pulled everything he had into his legs and broke out of the swarm gunning for the kids.
As soon as the door was open the hidden occupants of the little room began screaming. He emerged promptly to reveal himself hoping his presence and identity would alleviate their fear. He was not disappointed as three children stopped immediately and gaped at him in awe.
She led him to her writing desk where a number of art tools were strewn about and a few stray drawings that she had been working on were visible.
Tony stood there a bit lost, not quite sure what to do next. The code was rendering beautifully and Barnes had an arm, a prototype maybe but the first battle ready one will be completed in mere hours. After that, it was just a bit of tweaking and fine-tuning.
It was enough to force the Captain back several feet. He dodged to the left avoiding another attack swiftly removing his pack to detach his shield from where he strapped it. He tossed the blanket he had wrapped it in at Iron Man for a distraction to give himself a moment to gather his wits.
Tony barged into the room to find Steve still fully naked and a little wet. Tony froze on the spot. Steve sighed in frustration, a long and painful day indeed.
Everyone looked around at another with concern at The Professors stunning revelation. So, an alien is behind this?!  Most of the occupants of the room inwardly cringed. The last alien they dealt with leveled half of New York and nearly succeeded in taking over the world.
It’s just… It’s just, perhaps, he lacked clarity. Perhaps, if he were in a different state of mind and regarding his current situation from an alternate point of view, then he would be analyzing the data differently too. Maybe in a way that led them to the answer they needed. Maybe he would go talk to Clint after all.
Steve nodded slowly before quickly darting to the door.  He threw it open nearly ripping it off.  He sprinted to the common room to find everyone right where he left them several hours ago, planning Fury’s funeral services.
Just when things really started looking up the universe had to intervene and give him a rude awakening.
Steve slammed the bathroom door shut behind him after excusing himself swiftly. He splashed water on his face trying to get his emotions under control. He does not even know why that information was so tragic to him. He’s been in war. He’s watched people he’s cared about lose a lot more, lose everything. Yet, somewhere deep in his soul the fact that Howard cannot have kids is the most devastating thing he’s ever heard.
“Mr. Stark!  How in the fuck do you know that information?  That is classified beyond your clearance.  Wait, no never mind I don’t wanna know.  But let me tell you, this isn’t over.  I will find out about it.  But now was not the time.”  Fury stated reprimandingly.
“It’s OK Cap, I get it.  Just don’t be too hard on yourself.  Remember none of this is at all in any way you’re fault so don’t be going off to blame yourself.”  Tony stated with a soft smile.
It was odd. He felt the soreness over his right arm and abdomen. It felt like there may have been a serious injury there but all he saw was smooth and blemish free skin. He ran his hands over his stomach and flinched a bit when he pressed harder and felt a twinge of pain. Maybe he’ll ask Peggy about it later. Maybe he was hurt recently and he just can’t remember it. Maybe his serum just doesn’t work the way it used to. He decided on holding off discussing it with Peggy. If it was normal he’ll know when he remembers again. Likewise, if it was something concerning he’d rather wait to remember and have all the information. No point in alarming her. Not just yet. If it gets worse he’ll say something. He nodded resolutely to himself. He stepped into the water and relaxed immediately. For once in a very long while he let his mind go blank.
“Very good, Sir.” Jarvis replied. “Captain Rogers wishes to speak to you immediately. He has assured me that he will, as he puts it, ‘behave.’”
“Very good, Ellie! Trouble comes from the least expected direction. So, what do you get from that?” He asked.
“Show me.” He activated the phone’s holographic projector and displayed it in front of them to see it more clearly. He also supposed he needed Barnes to see it too.
“Hey buddy, it’s last call.” Tony uttered as loud as he could over his pounding heart and constricting lungs.
It was a bit of a slower pace than before but all were still working fluidly together.  The Captain would almost think it to be close to a comfortable peace until both Hank’s and Xavier’s mobile phones went off at the same time.  Hank answered his first.  Both Hank's and the Professor's expressions changed from perked curiosity to downright morbid horror.
He hated how thankful he was that Calamity's code was so complex. He had learned a lot about actual impossible encryptions. To make sure the Rhododendron could not undo his work, Tony left a nasty encryption that would give himself a headache if he had to decrypt it.
The brother nudged him forward and led him to the duo. Steve thought his heart was going to beat right out of his chest with every step he took closer. By the time he reached the proper row he was sure everyone could hear his heart beating like mad. The brother nudged him again to enter the row. He counted the distance as he approached.
“We assume that if Tony cracks the code it will allow him to create a device that will wake everyone up or stop her somehow. We don’t know for sure. All we know is that the way to stop her is in the code.” He explained. “The catch is there is a .5% chance the absolute right conditions could be met. And…” He hesitated for the next part.
Steve gave him a questioning look and Tony continued, "I mean, I just feel like if you remembered then you could be angry with me and call me a stupid arrogant asshole and I could beg my hands and knees for your forgiveness and somehow everything would be okay but it's not going to be okay! It's never going to be okay and it's my own stupid ass fault and you don't even know why!" His voice rose in volume as the floodgates opened.
“Sounds like a really smart guy, are you sure he’s all that annoying?” Steve replied without missing a beat.
Now, Steve was scrambling to fix dinner while Ellie prattled on about her day at school and the things she was learning. Steve found that it calmed his nerves considerably listening to her talk, so much so, he almost didn't burn the other pork chop.
"Listen to me Steven, preseption is relative. Evil does not exist in of itself. Just as the cold is merely the absence of heat or darkness the absence of light, so too is evil the absence of good, apathy the absence of empathy. However, there has never been a light that does not cast a shadow. Darkness cannot exist without the light as evil cannot exist without the good. I do not mean to abolish the evil from the planes of existence for it would be foolhardy and impossible. My true motive is to give all that is pure and good a fighting chance. I may not be able to eradicate or even in the slightest subdue evil, but I'm going to damn well try for my beloved Anük, this planet, and for you."
Tony has nothing left. His family has long since passed, and the love of his life died a mere years ago as well. His fortune has been seized while he’s being investigated and tried before the King and Queen to be made accountable for actions taken while he donned the Iron Suit. His friends, the few he has left, are sequestered to their homes until the CROWN have exhausted their retaliation efforts. Newly deprived of his armor, he doesn't even reach his workbench to make defensive preparations before an elite team of thieves come for him, breaching his home, and taking him captive.
Maybe Rihanna had seen Tony fly before singing this. Even against the onslaught of frenzied aliens, Tony looks beautiful. He shines brilliantly.
He’d missed this. He’d missed Tony’s flippant remarks, his sarcasm, his naturally flirtatious disposition. It was the awkward sort of easy he’d always enjoyed with Tony. He hadn’t dared to believe the familiarity would flow so easily.
Steve can’t take his eyes away from the heavens. He feels like his heart is being crushed in an icy vice as Natasha follows his order and the hole in the sky shrinks, and disappears.
He let out a small yelp, but didn’t protest. “Tony, you’re ok!” He said again, shifting to hold him.
The golden aura was beginning to fade, and in its wake the relenting rain pattered gently upon his head.
“Do you think you could tell me about soulbonds? Has there been much discovered about them over the past few decades?”
There was something so powerful about pressing down on Tony, completely naked, while he was completely clothed in industrial-strength protection. Tony was exposed, so willingly so, and Steve had the power to make him unravel, to destroy him, all without removing a stitch of his armor. The rough edges of his suit would leave impressions and marks against Tony’s olive skin. Sometimes, the friction of worn fabric would scratch the brunette, making his skin tender or raw. Steve could be careful, hold him down to minimize the abrasions, or he could lean in, embrace it, and leave his mark in more ways than one. The latter was always more enticing.
Tony felt flashes of love and warmth only for them to quickly fade away, replaced by abject desolation. It was so crippling he had difficulty taking a breath.
“Brilliant. I’ll toast to that.” Nothing about this evening had gone as he had expected, and it was all the better for it. Tony raised his glass in a silent salute to the pirates who managed to swindle him a second date with the finest captain of the land and the sea. Looking at the remarkable treasure of a man before him, he knew that the expected things in life were vastly overrated.
His captor says nothing, and Tony lamentably thinks that his dead lover would have found his quip amusing. Perhaps the hand muffled his response, or perhaps this person has no levity about them. He feels the bindings on his ankles snap, followed by his wrists. Limb by limb, he feels strong hands run along him with gentle squeezing pressure, perhaps to search for weapons, which seems odd considering
that marked his neck along his hairline. “Took me forever to find it,” he had slurred. “Rhodey was actually the one who finally saw. No one else ever noticed. Till then, thought I had no soulmate.” It took all of the training he had endured to restrain himself from lunging at Tony right then and there. A first kiss with his soulmate, when he’s drunk, wasn’t the dream Steve held close for all of his years.
It’s a quiet moment, tender, but the atmosphere is still tentative and thick. Steve clears his throat and speaks again.
“Don’t come near me, Rogers! I don’t want any of this! You need to leave it alone, stop adding salt to the wound!”
With every defensible resource depleted in their substantial efforts, the onslaught of attacks following Thanos was enough to cripple the world. It wasn’t until fellow Avengers began to slowly fall that it was clear - their time had expired. The future had arrived, and it was a shock.
“Removing some of the vibranium won’t compromise the integrity of my shield?” Steve’s eyes were wide, curious, watching the inventor work. His imposing body was barely an inch from brushing against the genius.
“You...want him back?” Natasha recoiled for an imperceptible moment before leaning closer to Steve, a weak attempt to console him.
Steve laughed again, not so much at Tony’s sarcasm, but more at the delight of knowing he had met someone just as enraptured as he was when it came to the queries of discovering your soulmate.
But this is something he’s willing to fall backwards into, blindly, and out-of-his-mind delirious over.
The conversations came up with more and more frequency. At first, they only talked about it when they were alone. Then, conversation flowed more easily, and Tony didn’t seem to mind discussing it at any time, no matter the company they shared. Even though Steve had found a sleuthing companion that shared his life’s biggest curiosity, it was difficult to shake the feeling that they shared something much deeper.
“Ok, so, you’re first going to get a light sedative intravenously, then, we’ll introduce the, uh, the toxin.”
He felt some of Steve’s tension ease. Tony was slowly building trust. But then he felt the sadness return, and it blindsided him.
“Oh, honey, here, let me help you with that-” Natasha reached out with a steady hand, rendered ineffectual by Steve jerking away.
“Are you wounded too, Tony? Do you hurt like I do? Do you feel the gaping hole in your body? Like something’s missing? Like you’re forgetting something important? I can’t let it go, I can’t let you go-”
“Not bad, huh? You should’ve seen the place we found in Athens,” he supplied regrettably, cognizant as he stepped into the space.
I haven’t yet received a newspaper, not that it would make this feel any more real. I’m sequestered, tucked away, removed, and I feel like I’m existing in some alternate reality. My body is floating somewhere far from my conscious mind, and I can’t seem to connect the two.
Despite whatever knowledge Strange attested that he was privy to, it didn’t take long for Earth to change, fast becoming a landscape unrecognizable. Friends were lost, family faded away, Avengers fell, and soon, existence was a bleak wasteland.
They are quiet for a long time, Tony out of protest, and he wonders if Nomad’s silence is due to guilt over his betrayal of their former team. He reconsiders this thought immediately. The stories go on without end, and detail the robberies, crusades, and murders Nomad has committed now that he answers to no one. They say he’s power-hungry, and will burn entire cities to the ground to get anything he wants. They are the sort of tales that Tony almost couldn’t bring himself to believe of his former comrade, but seeing him now, he’s beginning to understand. There exists remorse over the evil path Nomad has taken.
We are all complicit in this. We are all to blame for not protecting him. We are worse for this. I’ll forever fight anyone who says otherwise.
The endearment slips off Nomad’s tongue as if he’s said it a thousand times. Tony’s eyes water at the name he once recognized as his own when spoken by his true love.
I just feel insulated from the world now that the sentence is finalized. I know it’s what I agreed to, and I accept full responsibility for my actions, and the crusade I lead. But I can’t believe, I just can’t accept what they’re telling me.
Slow hands began to trace the edges of his weathered uniform, deftly searching for the clasp. Steve seized Tony's wrist with a rough hand, holding him still. A thin smile pressed against his lips, and Steve couldn’t help his lips from curling into an equally mischievous smirk.
“...damn, what a way to celebrate,” Tony finally breathed. He ran his hands over his face, then through his hair before sitting up and dressing himself. Once finished, Steve felt him shift closer, their shoulders barely brushing. A peaceful moment passed while Steve allowed his mind to be captivated by the brilliance of a slowly fading twilight. Along the horizon, there was a distant movement that caught his attention. He ignored a pang of anxiety that echoed in his gut in favor of gazing into the night sky.
Nomad grows quiet for a moment before responding. “Is that what you’ve heard about me, then? And what do you think of it?”
“...when I woke up in this era, I had no one. Nothing. You gave me a purpose, somewhere to belong…You gave me a home.”
He was hit with a burst of cold, damp air even before the icy rain fell upon his head. It was invigorating to emerge into the world, to be pulled out onto the sidewalk, wait, no, to be pulled out into the street-
As quickly as he considers obeying, he decides not to, and loudly asks, “What reason have you to compel me?”
Heaving harshly, he wrapped a gloved hand around Tony’s throbbing cock, squeezing firm, allowing his hand to shake tight and fast rather than stroke long and hard, knowing the rough material had the potential to make Tony raw. With little effort, Tony was ready, and inaudible prayers floated from his lips accompanying his climax. Despite their shared intimate history, it was a sight Steve would never not cherish - Tony Stark, splayed on the ground before him, impossibly tense, then impossibly limp, all within seconds, blanketed with a soft aura of bliss.
So, Steve started to make a ritual of it. After every battle, he would find Tony immediately after debrief. He would offer him a glass of water, watch him drink, and offer him praise.
“It is, but it’s still a toxin, and I suspect your body will respond to it while it travels through your system.”
, gentlemen.” He spoke loudly to curtail further protest. “Dr. Banner has created a mild toxin that will short circuit the device. The toxin may distort your memories from this time, but you’ll be back to your normal selves in a matter of hours. Well, maybe I shouldn’t say
In predictable form, Steve dropped his head to claim a kiss. A little presumptuous at first, Steve steadied himself and allowed the kiss to turn slow and soft. Tony’s lips mirrored his movements, lush and full and present.
He feels Nomad’s weight leave his body, and instantly, he’s being pulled into his captor’s arms once again to curl against his chest.
And you know what? Tony is to blame, too. He denied me, forsake me, and tore us apart. And why? Why would he do this? To me, to us, to the world?
“You’ve seen them! They’re miserable, can’t even be in the same room as each other. Hey...do you think if they get divorced, we’ll have to move out?”
Tony reached for his phone, wondering if he were to call Steve if he would pick up, when his phone chimed. Oh thank god - it was a text from the man in question. Mildly impressed that he had figured out how to finally use the device, he read:
“Tony,” he said, easy and deep, ready to take a chance on what he had been building, “did I ever tell you how strong you are?” As anticipated, he saw Tony’s eyes dilate, his body stiffening at the words.
“I can still hear him, Natasha. I don’t care what he’s telling everyone, I still remember...I still remember so much. I can still feel him on my skin, taste him on my tongue…”
“Yeah,” Steve breathes, “it isn’t really my taste either. This one, though, I think you need to hear.”
Parrot? Tony looked around again. There was no parrot that he could see amongst the modern décor of the room. So, Steve was definitely in some sequestered section apart from the main hall. Relief washed over him as he let go of tension he hadn’t realized he was holding - he hadn’t been stood up. The restaurant just decided to hide their super soldier patron away in a more exclusive part of their establishment. Which didn’t make much sense - most places Tony was aware of at present seemed to want to disregard Steve’s importance all together. But Gramercy Tavern was classier than that, which was one of the compelling reasons Tony wanted to take Steve here. So, possibly it was plausible they did offer a more exclusive dining experience to Captain America after all.
He took a breath knowing he’d have to disturb Tony’s slumber. It wasn’t his first choice - Tony was exhausted, he had to be, he’d been getting barely any more sleep than Steve had been the past few weeks, and even for a super soldier the lack of REM cycles had taken their toll. The absence of respite alone would be enough to exhaust Tony, but last night, the brunet was feeling particularly amorous, and he spent every ounce of energy he could exert expressing his enthusiastic feelings for Steve.
“What the hell’s he doing?” He didn’t need to ask, as he already knew the sacrifice Tony intended on making. Steve’s heart stopped, and he couldn’t breathe. His body was numb, it felt like he was slowly being overcome by the ice and frost again, just before he fell asleep -
Tony grumbled and with a nod indicating his consent, Steve picked him up and carried him to bed. He gave Tony a soft kiss good night, then retreated a few feet to pull out the sofa and reveal a mattress. After relieving himself of his unneeded clothing, he climbed into his temporary bed and drifted to sleep with ease.
Steve steadies himself, preparing for shawarma - because apparently after an alien invasion that’s what you do, go eat food you’ve never tasted before. Because now you appreciate life and what it has to give in a different way, desperate to change yourself, not repeat the same familiar mistakes of the past.
Something in the sky caught his attention. It glittered and gleamed, and Steve knew it had to be an old satellite floating by. But his heart leapt just a bit, a small bubble of hope that it was a shooting star. There hadn’t been any since the devastation occurred a year ago, and even though all the satellites had also fallen, it was still a more likely presumption than an actual star falling.
Before he could process it, Steve saw Tony shoot into the sky, guiding a missile into the gaping circle in the sky.
What, then, brought Tony Stark to share the same air with an explosive renegade in a shitty room in a forgettable foreign city?
Tony looked disappointed, but also kind of resigned, like he had been expecting this to happen. Pepper had mentioned that Tony’s parents had been distant, but he hadn’t realised quite
“Oh,” Tony says, and Steve thinks maybe that’s the end of it, that he won’t have to drag this conversation out any longer. “Why?”
A strong hand grabs his arm and he just crumbles, stopping in his tracks and collapsing into Tony’s arms, because Jesus Fucking
Had he just…? “I-I…” Tony Stark, stunned speechless. He was just glad nobody else was there to see him. He didn’t think he’d be able to stand the laughter.
That’s not why he’s his favourite, though. After the first few days, Coulson seems to realise that Tony is a
“No, of course not.” And Steve was trying to fight his grin, really, he was, it just wasn’t really working.
