Wong came right to Wakanda through another gold ring portal, which resulted in a lot of panic and outrage from the Dora Milaje. After a lot of frantic back and forth, T’Challa agreed to go directly to New York with Wong. Secured, isolated country or not, the end of the universe was sufficient enough of a threat to everyone. Of course, T’Challa was also bringing along Bucky, Shuri and several Dora Milaje, but Wong didn’t seem to care. Time was of the essence to him.
If Steve really was crazy, did it matter if he indulged in his own delusions? He reached out a finger again, a little uncertainly.
“I didn’t accidentally fill in an application form and accidentally attend an interview with F.R.I.D.A.Y.,” Steve pointed out wryly.
The moment Tony cracked open the sketchbooks, he would know the truth.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked with a confused frown, but Tony dove into the water. He disappeared swiftly with barely a ripple, only his brilliant crimson tail flipping out into the air before vanishing under the waves. Maybe Steve was just imagining things, but was that tail flip a wave goodbye?
Steve was going to tell Tony that would never happen, when Fury said, “You would be surprised what S.H.I.E.L.D. can do with sufficient motivation.”
It still took a great deal of force from the superheroes, Wakanda’s army, and the other countries who had sent their armies as well to completely destroy Thanos’ forces, but they managed it in the end.
Tony said, “I’m always naked, that’s not new.” Then he gasped.
So through the portals they went again. It was a little funny to see Tony and Steve in their animal forms, walking through the portal calmly, tails held high like it was everyday that they used portals as animals.
Steve snorted, not even bothering to hide his disbelieving reaction. “You don’t know Colonel Rhodes very well if you expect us to believe that.”
“Flying...snake. Yeah, I can’t accept this gift. I would make a terrible pet owner, just ask anyone. I’m sorry, Thor. Thanks for coming, but I can’t accept this,” Tony said, leaning away from the rattling, hissing box.
“Tony?” Steve said, his voice embarrassingly high.
Steve stared at the horizon, trying to see something, anything that would give him a clue as to what happened.
“What was the two power surges about?” Fury asked. The interrogation had started in earnest it seemed.
Steve hid a smile at that.
“The light doesn’t bother me,” Steve said, eyes trained on the arc reactor. He finally looked up, wonderment on his face. “It’s beautiful. Everything about you is beautiful.”
Now it was Tony’s turn to laugh, long and deep. He wriggled up so that he could kiss Steve’s smile, taste his parted lips. When Tony pulled back, he said, “I’m glad you’re secure in who you are.” Then he grinned mischievously. “After all, you’re the Alpha of all Alphas.”
“What am I going to do?
M’Baku raised an unimpressed eyebrow. “Kissing in greeting is the Jabari way. Surely you don’t believe I should forfeit my customs for your rules.”
“Good, I would have been offended if you were worried about that,” Tony said, clomping up to him in his red and gold armor, faceplate lifted so he could talk to Steve.
Alexandre’s expression changed as well and he hissed, “You think you’re so high and mighty? If you weren’t in heat, no one would pay you any attention at all.”
Steve leans forward and gently kisses Tony’s nose, sweeping black locks away from his slightly sweaty forehead.
He had worried that the earrings were too silly and childish but went ahead with it because ultimately, he felt that it would appeal to Tony’s whimsical side and his love for his bots. Watching Tony’s excited smile as he showed off the earrings, Steve thought he made the right choice.
“Past Tony is an idiot,” Tony grumbled.
“Steve,” Tony murmured.
Swimming a circle around Tony, Steve tried to get used to propelling himself with his tail and clutched Tony’s shoulder to pull himself to a stop.
“A few days after we met. It wasn’t hard to piece together,” Tony said, frowning a little as he looked at Steve, looking worried for the first time since Fury walked in. “The alien invasion in New York was all over the news and there was a lot of coverage on the rag tag group of superheroes on the ground, including Captain America.” That was an oblique reminder to Steve that Tony might not have been spending time on dry land at that point, but he had done a lot of reading later on once he figured out how to navigate the internet.
Yeah, that was the superserum, speeding through all the stages of healing.
And Tony knew what that meant. Even through his increasing heat fog, he knew what that meant. He had never done it, not for anyone, even when he had shared his heat with others. But those people were nothing compared to Steve, because he wanted Steve to have everything, to see everything.
Right, if S.H.I.E.L.D. had detected the arc reactors when they were sacrificed for the spells, then that would be very difficult to explain away.
Looking around the bland office, Steve would think that Tony had cleared out the space for Miss Potts to eventually move in as CEO, except he could still see a few personal artifacts here and there that clearly belonged to Tony. There was a family photo of Howard and Maria Stark with a very young Tony by his mother’s side. There was a doodle on a notepad of something that was far too technical for Steve to understand.
Rhodes and Bruce quickly went after him.
“You think too highly about yourselves,” Ty sneered, not even pretending to be polite anymore. “What is with all the ploys for attention, Tony dear? First, the unseemly Courting Ceremony at
“I figured it was time you had your dance and that maybe I could teach you a few moves,” Tony said blithely.
Steve and Tony exchanged looks. Already, there was the telltale hint of red on the tips of Steve’s ears. Tony on the other hand didn’t blush easily, no matter what stereotypes there were about Omegas. There was little that embarrassed him these days.
“Yep, it was the only way out I could think of back then. This was before I was considerably more resourceful and also before I learned creative ways to say ‘no’,” Tony said with a shrug. “I didn’t enjoy putting the photos out there and I had to make sure that only I could be identified in the photos, no one else, so that I didn’t end up ruining everyone else’s reputation too. But it worked. Once the photos were out there, it was so scandalous that Howard was forced to cancel the Courting Ceremony to let all the furor die down. Ty had to publicly renounce me and play the part of the injured Alpha to save face.”
When the man looked like he was about to complain, Happy stepped forward and said, “Mister, get your hands off the stage and step back.”
Tony scrabbled at Steve’s shirt, at his tie, feeling abruptly beyond impatient and unhappy that there was so much lying between his skin and Steve’s. He demanded, “Take it off.
He rode Steve’s cock, rode him as he listened to Steve moan and cry out, until that lovely cock obligingly popped its knot. Then Tony wriggled on that cock, squeezed and clenched around that knot, feeling an overwhelming satisfaction holding it in his body. He arched and cried out in wanton delight as he felt Steve jerked, as he felt that cock come inside him over and over again. His own cock splurted come, splattered come all over Steve’s chest, which he rubbed into Steve’s skin and that was lovely too so he rode and squeezed that knot again and again, to do it all over again.
The way she said the last sentence was very suggestive. Tony was looking at something on his StarkPad, probably the photographs of said beautiful apartment. Photos of the apartment were also projected onto the big screen which explained what would happen when a gift was too big to be carted onto the stage. Steve couldn’t see what made the place custom-furnished for Omegas and wondered if it was euphemism for something more risque. The thought made possessiveness roil in his gut which he had to grit his teeth to ignore.
The moment the word ‘penis’ passed through those pink lips, Steve deposited Tony as gently and quickly as humanly possible onto the couch and dashed for his bedroom. He heard Tony calling after him, which was a novelty to be able to communicate without skin contact, but he kept going until he reached his closet. He spent a solid five minutes with his head inside his closet, allowing time for his heart to stop racing and his cheeks to stop burning.
They were a pair of Scentears. One earring was a miniature Captain America shield, while the other was an intricate, miniature Harley Davidson. When Steve gently touched the motorcycle with his finger, the wheels turned.
“Yes,” Steve said, simply, and watched from up-close as glittering nanites spread across Tony’s chest and stretched out over his body, crawling up his neck and cheeks until Tony was enveloped in the Iron Man armor.
That had Steve finally propping himself up on one elbow so he could look at Tony directly instead of lying twisted in bed like he was trying to hide while still facing his doom. “You mean…” he started slowly, with a small frown that gradually smoothed away into a small smile instead as he continued, “—you didn’t come straight away when Kenny was talking to me. You kept talking to the two Alphas to see if I would go over to you instead.”
“Are you going to ask him not to mud-wrestle?” Steve asked, stiff, trying to take his mind off the fact that he would surely be dancing with Tony soon.
“This isn’t working, guys,” Steve said, feeling more miserable than ever.
But they said they would wait, and so they would. Tony squeezed that knot a little mournfully, which caused Steve to groan deep in his chest and shoot out another weak pulse of come. His knot was subsiding already, growing soft under Tony’s touch. It had still lasted a surprising length of time outside of a grasping hole. Tony felt proud at the realization.
Shaking his head, Steve tried to banish all those thoughts and worries about the negativity directed at Tony because he knew he had to focus on his next task. It was almost time.
# # # # # #
Because that hadn’t been said inside Steve’s mind. That had been spoken outloud. Tony’s voice sounded exactly the same as when spoken in Steve’s head; a smooth, slightly low voice, with a sarcastic lilt to it. The words were a little awkwardly pronounced, a little rushed, which was to be expected because…
Was that what zumba was?? Steve had overheard a few S.H.I.E.L.D. agents talking about taking zumba classes, how difficult they were and how they helped so much for their training in S.H.I.E.L.D.. He thought it was some kind of martial arts! It sounded like one too.
Tony admitted, a little bit of his usual liveliness seeping into his mental voice.
He lapsed into silence for a moment. Steve asked quietly, “What happened to the damage to your heart?”
. He shouldn’t only be of interest when his body’s biological clock started ticking louder.
Steve got into the lift with several other S.I. employees all shuffling in. Most of them got off on Level 14, leaving Steve and one other person in the lift. Steve glanced over and startled badly to find Tony Stark staring right at him. Those dark brown eyes gave him a slow once over, dark lashes lowering as his gaze swept down and then up again.
Tony nodded, lifting the normal-sized arc reactor and the tiny arc reactor he had on a chain around his neck. “I’ll hold onto it when I shift, I know how this should be done.”
Tony blinked slowly. “You’re used to getting black eyes?” Then his surprised expression shifted into a worried frown. “Steve, what’s your situation at home? I’ve got a lot of resources, if you tell me what’s going on, I can help you.”
“You’ve been watching me,” Steve said, not sure to be disturbed or not.
“Really? But…” Tony felt his spine relaxing, his body softening against Steve’s hard, unrelenting hold. “But you didn’t… You didn’t even notice all the other Alphas…”
And Tony was used to being the center of attention. He was Tony fucking Stark. His fame preceded him and it wasn’t unusual to have people pointing, staring, asking for his photograph or autograph when he went anywhere public. So when he had his heat, it was just more of the same except it was stupider because it wasn’t even for anything he did. It was just because of something nature had bestowed upon him, for better or worse.
“And getting a face full of angry cat clawing at him, and a dog with superstrength biting the back of his neck was so distracting that Vision and Wanda took him down pretty quickly after that,” Sam said with a chuckle.
There was nothing that could ever compare to this.
(See the end of the chapter for
All of a sudden, Tony leaned forward and rubbed his two hands against the head of Steve’s hard cock. Steve gasped at the sudden zing of sensation and felt his balls tighten, the aching pleasure coalescing at his cock.
“Try me, Stone,” Tony said with a shark-like grin. “I would love to blast your balls off.”
And more than a little bit embarrassed.
Sam and Bucky were making matching disgusted faces, which really, it was obvious why they were both Courting now.
Tony sighed and explained, “Sad. Don’t be sad, you don’t even know what I’m about to say.”
“I knew you were going into heat more than a week ago. God, how can you think I didn’t notice? This morning, you smelled so good, I almost couldn’t breathe. I didn’t want us to leave our bed. I barely heard what we discussed at the meeting, I couldn’t concentrate because you were right there and you smelled like the best thing I will ever smell in my life,” Steve said, his voice a low vibration against the back of Tony’s neck. Then Steve suddenly leaned in, inhaled at Tony’s hairline with near desperation. “You still smell amazing, Tony…”
The traditional Omega outfits at Courting Ceremonies tended to have a lot of sheer loose fabric and bared skin, swishing tantalizingly when they moved. These days, people tended towards more modern outfits, and how revealing they were varied significantly. In Tony’s case, he had gone for a modern look, sharp and bespoke, but with a Tony Stark twist that oozed sex appeal.
“I believe Mister Stark is having a nightmare,” J.A.R.V.I.S. explained, sounding calm and not at all surprised. It wasn’t the first time then. Since Tony usually slept in his glass or in his aquarium, Steve probably never found out about this.
Something about his vehemence gave Tony a pause. He flagged down a waiter with a tray of canapes and swiped a few off onto a serviette before steering them to a quiet spot behind a large pillar.
“Alright, let’s do this then,” Steve said with excitement thrumming through his veins.
Steve continued to look serious and a little worried too. “You don’t have anything to worry about when it comes to Kenny. I’m not interested in him, not in the slightest. And it’s my fault that you’re reacting this way to him.”
“He’s never been to a Courting Ceremony either,” Bucky chimed in. “Said he didn’t see the point and people should be able to decide who they like without a ceremony.”
“Why did you befriend Steve?”
left feet the moment the music starts and you sway like your joints are welded in place. At your size, you’ll probably break toes once you start your embarrassing moves.”
“Vicente and Alexandre?”
“Might be,” says Tony, cupping his fingers as he peers down at the doorway behind the counter. “Heeey!! Scuse me, paying customers here!! Hello?! Is this an honesty store?”
Steve let out a deep breath. So, he was in. He had passed. And in another week, it would be time for the Courting Ceremony.
And that was that.
“No, this is a bad idea,” Steve said, trying to pull away but Bucky held on tight. He noticed distantly that his own voice sounded different, realized that the mask had some kind of voice modulator embedded in it to help disguise their identities.
Bucky was in a black, double-breasted blazer and a white turtleneck. His pants seemed unnecessarily tight. Sam wore a deep maroon three piece suit with black edging against a white shirt and black bowtie. It seemed to be a big hit because the photographers kept calling out his name, trying to get him from different angles.
“But you’re not
Clearly the situation was getting the better of him. Steve cupped his right hand, forefinger and middle finger brushing against Tony’s shoulder and working as a reminder to Tony that he lay in the middle of Steve’s palm. The reminder was well-received if the way Tony thrust frantically forward was any indicator. Starting out slowly, Steve worked the cone-shaped end of the pen in and out of Tony’s body. Tony braced himself against Steve’s hand, keeping his legs apart and arching his back to receive the thrusts of the pen more directly. It was fascinating, to see that pen work in and out of Tony’s small body, to watch the way that small butt bounced as Tony started to fuck himself against the pen and Steve’s hand in earnest.
Panting, Steve said, “I’m...not teasing. I’m trying to last.”
God, this was so embarrassing. He had met Tony Stark, spilled coffee all over himself like a clumsy oaf, and now he was going to walk back to his desk covered in coffee. Steve resigned himself to being the butt of everyone’s jokes for a week at least.
Grinning, Steve shook his head. He should have known that it wouldn’t be long before Tony mustered text messaging so he could communicate with Steve no matter what.
Bucky looked over his shoulder and raised an eyebrow. “You coming?”
“Grind against me,” Steve murmured, and Tony groaned, obeying.
Then he gasped.
Steve settled down on the desk, spending long minutes staring at the little wonder in front of him, and sketching Tony while he worked. Every hour or so, Tony pulled himself up and over into the glass of seawater, swirled around inside in dizzying impatience before plopping back out again so he could use the phone, leaving little puddles of water behind him.
“Yes, Tony,” Steve says with another smile.
Perhaps sensing his complete indecision, Lee offered, “Or you could focus on customizing a special perfume instead. The Scentears aren’t necessarily a trend everyone is interested in, but who doesn’t like a nice customized perfume, am I right? What scents do you think the person you’re Courting might be interested in?”
Steve knew he was blushing, flushed to a ridiculous degree when he drew Tony back so he could look at him again.
Instead, he was stuck watching over Steve and Tony. Not being able to speak and not having opposable thumbs, someone needed to be with them to try to help when possible and, although this was left unsaid, to keep them out of trouble.
Whatever the reason, they weren’t worth Tony’s time or Steve’s attention either.
“We will. As long as there’s no early morning training on vacation.” Tony shoots Steve a look from under his dark lashes. “Although I wouldn’t be opposed to a different type of early morning exercise.”
He couldn’t imagine how life would be like now if Tony hadn’t so unceremoniously inserted himself into Steve’s gray existence, right on this very same beach more than a year ago. And now, Tony was taking him on a different adventure. It would only be for a couple weeks, the longest the world could spare the two of them, but Steve already knew it would be an unforgettable two weeks.
“Would it?” Steve asked, turning to look at Sam.
Tony rambled, and Steve’s imagination was conjuring images that was making him go red in the face. Then Tony continued,
Bucky ducked back behind the open door, glad that they hadn’t noticed him. Before he could sneak away, they broke off their kiss, ragged breathing filling the air instead.
Finally, Steve looked up from his forearm and said in a quiet tone, “You’re right, that’s not the point. I’m sorry I tried to make you jealous even when I knew you were so close to your heat. I messed up your hormones and reactions during your heat as a result.” He looked a little pale but his face was set in resolute lines, seemingly upset with himself.
Natasha sighed. “You well know you’re very wanted right now. Please go already.”
“Come on, Tony,” Steve said, and that mildly coaxing tone was enough to break Tony’s silence on the matter.
“Adrenaline junkies,” Nat commented, but she sounded fond.
Steve didn’t pay them any attention, because he was feeling the first stirrings of panic.
Bucky grinned and held out a fist to Sam, who obliged him with a fist bump and a grin of his own. Steve rolled his eyes before turning his attention back to the television. Bucky and Sam only ever got along when it involved ganging up on him.
Tony instructed.
Steve put an arm over his eyes and groaned. “When are you going to let it go?”
“Right, they’re...they’re beautiful. Amazing... Thank you, Steve,” Tony said, eyes bright and wide, but unreadable to Steve’s panicked gaze when Steve was usually able to communicate with Tony without a single word. He had no idea what Tony was thinking right now.
And that was how they were together as well. Sometimes, they would move with perfect synchronicity, and then one or both of them would purposefully break that seamless rhythm like a violin’s bowstring snapped in the middle of an exquisite tune. It was like neither of them could let things lie sometimes, couldn’t help but poke and prod at each other.
Steve had spent the most time painting Tony and he thought it showed. Tony was almost glowing with happiness in the painting, the corners of his eyes wrinkled as he laughed in sheer delight.
Steve wondered if Tony would have been so frank if it had been anyone else from S.H.I.E.L.D. in his place, wondered if Nat’s involvement would have been as easily accepted by Tony. He had his doubts. There was something between the two of them that had sparked Tony’s interest from the beginning that, for some reason, allowed Tony to forgive all of Steve’s outlandish lies and obfuscation.
Steve furrowed, catching the word Tony had used. “You
Steve realized the lift’s doors had opened while they had been talking and it was about to shut again before he noticed that they were on level 35, his floor. Scuttling sideways to avoid touching Stark with his dirty shirt, Steve quickly held the doors and stepped out. “Sorry about the mess, Mister Stark. I’ll let someone know and help clean up.”
“I’m not going to do anything stupid. Tony just made an announcement that he’s going to do a live publicized Courting Ceremony.”
The greeters took their invitations, scanned them while making small talk and ushered them in. When Steve presented his suitor’s invitation that F.R.I.D.A.Y. had sent him, they beamed at him and put a slim black bracelet around his wrist. Apparently, it was a communication device that the suitors would need for the events of the night.
It was dirty and wrong, the way his bare body writhed against Steve’s, in this position, the way he was spread wide and hovering over Steve’s face.
That was a painting of Tony in his workshop, done from memory. Steve had painted him in the middle of his workshop, eyes alight with excitement and tinted blue from the glowing sphere that was F.R.I.D.A.Y.. DUM-E and U flanked Tony, holding out tools to Tony as he worked on a familiar red and gold gauntlet on the table.
Natasha looked speculatively at them both but it was Sam who said, “You didn’t have to. This is clearly a sex thing that you’re both enjoying and thinking about.”
Ah, Steve wondered if Tony had noticed that. After all, the little plastic bag of seawater was usually tied up and stowed away in the kitchen, only taken out in the mornings for a fresh glass of seawater. Tony never seemed to pay any attention to the pearls at the bottom of the bag.
“I know, Tony. I remember what you said about Yinsen. You want to make your life count, you want to do something,” Steve said, remembering Tony’s words.
“You fit right in then,” Wong said mildly.
That earned a laugh out of Tony and acceptance of the gift, to Steve’s disappointment and growing worry.
Tiny hands gripped the tip of his finger.
“This, I can manage. Just don’t let him find some wrong he has to right, then we’re all just along for the ride.”
So he asked, a little hesitant, “Is that...a thank you kiss?”
The little mer...man in front of him was an entertaining storyteller, but had a tendency to tangent off. There were comments like:
Steve gawked at Tony, barely noticing as Tony switched out the now dull arc reactor in his chest for the second still glowing arc reactor. The bright red and gold tail was gone, and what was left behind were regular legs that stretched out, with thick muscular thighs and strangely shapely calves, complete with a soft penis resting against one thigh.
Tony pointed out pragmatically.
“He’s kind of flipping out. He broke a glass over it,” Sam said with a pointed stare at Steve.
Except Thor was back from Asgard now and Tony had managed to track Bruce down, exchanging text messages for the last month until Bruce agreed to a visit. Tony said he had an interesting idea on medical scans that had Bruce’s attention. And he was also enticing Bruce with special stretchy pants tech that would ensure the Hulk’s modesty wasn’t threatened every time he transformed. According to Tony, both topics seemed of equal interest to Bruce.
Then he released Steve’s finger and slipped back into his glass. He sulked there for a good hour, his back turned to Steve so that it was clear to all that Tony was still sulking. DUM-E and U milled about around the glass in confusion, but Tony ignored them too.
“Well maybe if you had let me upgrade this thing before we left-”
Tony put a hand out and Steve took it in a daze, wishing in a moment of last minute fretting that he wore a coffee scent after all since they were going to be dancing and standing close together and Tony was going to
“Steve…” Tony whispered.
“Wait, what?” Steve interjected. “How? There’s the whole size difference and he’s human? And I thought she ended up staying on land instead?”
Although, maybe it would be hosted at a stadium. Not many details had been released about the Courting Ceremony, what it would involve and what anyone should expect, beyond the fact that it would be located somewhere in New York. Everything was shrouded in mystery, with more information to be released closer to the day of the ceremony. When Tony set out to distract the world and give everyone something to focus on, he did it thoroughly and with flair.
The apology seemed to mollify Tony a little. He harrumphed and then said,
Maybe it wasn’t Tony as a cat and Steve as a dog being weird.
“I believe it,” Steve admitted, then added, “To be matched by an oversized ego.”
That moment of happiness was disrupted by a haughty-looking man pushing his way to the front of the stage and shouting, “I object! This should be against your one gift per person rule! They’re not even the same kind of things!”
“They’re still bickering,” Bucky pointed out, amazed.
The lights all snapped off to plunge them into total darkness. When the lights gradually came back on again, there was a stool on the once-empty stage and Tony was perched on it. He also had Happy standing next to him, looking distinctly disgruntled. With Tony sitting down and his side facing the front of the stage, Steve could see that the waistcoat only covered the lower half of his back. From this angle, he couldn’t see much of Tony’s bared skin but his imagination helpfully conjured up sharp shoulder blades and the graceful line of his spine. Steve had to adjust his collar, feeling a little heated under his own suit.
“What is that?” Nick asked, reluctantly curious.
And he wouldn’t say anything because he couldn’t begrudge Tony the experience of having a dragon for a pet.
Steve obligingly held out his palm for Tony to hop onto, idly noticing that DUM-E and U were buzzing around two glowing disks on the desk, about five inches in diameter each. He picked up the glass of seawater too.
“Have you gotten anyone Courting gifts before?” Sam asked as they walked past yet another beautifully decked out storefront that seemed to contain nothing of any interest.
When Steve pulled back again, Tony groaned and tried to follow after, but Steve only pushed him gently down by his bare chest. Tony laid there, ready to sulk, when Steve parted his button-less shirt, pushing back his jacket as well.
“Just the repulsor watch, this was supposed to be a vacation.”
“What a slimy miserable human being,” Steve said, which was very telling because he rarely voiced his disgust, preferring to telegraph it with clenched jaws and Folded Arms of Judgement.
Steve froze, staring at Tony and blinking a couple times. Then he tried an excuse, “I’m wearing make-up to hide it.”
Tony’s dark eyes were almost alight with iron determination, the drive to achieve his objective clear in his voice. Physically, Tony was small, small enough to sit on Steve’s palm. But in that moment, staring up at Steve with blazing conviction, Steve felt like he was looking at a giant who would bend the world with his will.
And they knew what that meant.
Maybe Steve’s panic and distraction helped, because before he realized it, he had Tony in his arms, their hands clasped together and Steve’s other hand resting around Tony’s waist. Steve felt frozen in place, staring into those bright eyes, large and rimmed with dark lashes, peeking through from behind the eyeholes of his mask. Distantly, he realized the music had started up again, but he couldn’t do anything about it. He had completely forgotten what was involved in dancing.
Tony reached over and picked up the remaining bracelet, turning Steve’s hand over so he could put it on him with nimble fingers. Their hands touched, matching bracelets brushing together on their wrists.
On day four, Tony decided he needed to be more hands on. He had demanded to see Steve’s toolbox which meant Steve had to go out and buy one since he didn’t actually have a toolbox in this house. Tony had examined each tool closely, most of them larger than he was. He had flopped and tumbled over the tools, and Steve had to rescue him when it looked like he was going to accidentally stab himself through his stomach with a screwdriver after he tried to lift it by its pointy end. And all Steve got for as thanks was that serious frown, as if Steve was impeding Tony’s learning process by stopping him from stabbing himself.
“Uh, Steve, are you okay?” Sam asked. “This probably wasn’t the best way for you to find out.”
In the end, Tony lost the competition, in the best way possible. He was being stimulated from two fronts, with Steve toying with his cock while he fucked Tony with his tongue. Steve also had the unfair advantage of being a supersoldier who could hold his breath for a very long time and he ruthlessly pressed this advantage. The prolonged assault was too much for Tony to bear, with his stiff cock squeezed so pleasurably while his wet hole was plundered with increasing enthusiasm, opening him up wide for that hot, wet intrusion that wriggled and pushed until Tony could only gasp, and moan, and come as his whole body stiffened, arched, toes curling as he jerked again and again.
He remembered the Scentears salesperson talking about how they had been inspired by Wakandan earrings, but he hadn’t realized that there must be some Wakandan Courting ritual tied in with the earrings as well, involving wearing their partners’ symbols and scents.
“I’m glad you’re not using the voice modulator too,” Steve blurted out, possibly sounding kind of stupid.
Realizing that T’Challa was drawing their dance to a close, Steve stiffened at the idea of having to figure out how to dance with someone else. He must have turned into a block of wood mid-turn and almost stepped on T’Challa’s feet, because T’Challa abruptly stopped and gently removed Steve’s stiff hands from his waist and shoulder.
“According to F.R.I.D.A.Y., he’s an ex-employee from Viastone. He seems to be saying that his product line’s failure to capture the market is the fault of Stark International releasing a similar product earlier than he did, so he wants Tony to pay for it,” Nat said, sounding long-suffering.
It takes them hours before they make it to the town, the afternoon sun beating down their backs. Steve had eventually put him down after many mock-complaints and they set themselves to walking.
The next few suitors were not as dramatic, but Steve’s eyes remained glued to them, taking in everything they were doing, analyzing their gifts, ranking them in terms of threat. He only startled out of his complete focus when he felt his wrist vibrate. Steve looked down and realized the vibration was coming from the black band around his wrist, the one they had put on him at the entrance. He brought it up and saw the words, ‘Come to the stage’ scrolling along the smooth face of the bracelet.
Then Doctor Strange looked up into the sky and said with a fair amount of nonchalance, “Oh dear. I guess we’ll have to sort that out.”
“Oh god, I’m such a fucked up pervert,” Tony said, looking away, before admitting, “I want you to fuck me.”
But it was like Steve was determined to shoulder the blame for the whole thing. He looked very guilty all of a sudden.
“Tony, no,” Steve said with a sigh.
Tony reached out and brushed a thumb against the lines between his eyebrows, trying to smooth them out. “Tell me.”
Coming back to bed, Steve leaned over Tony, brushing his hair back and meeting his gaze. Whatever he saw, it was clear he realized that Tony’s heat was over. He smiled tenderly. “You feel okay?”
“And we’re the Avengers,” Tony says with a vindictive grin, holding up his slim phone. “I jammed the signal during your boring monologue, scrotum-chin.”
Tony grabbed the second knuckle of Steve’s finger for leverage and rubbed himself harder against Steve. “I— There’s something about being this size, sitting in your hand. I’m entirely at your mercy. You could do anything you want to me.”
Okay, it was a good point that his banking account really shouldn’t be that easy for Tony to get into but at the same time, this was
“Doing other things with your thighs I wouldn’t dream of doing with Natasha.”
Steve tuned out how they were talking about him in front of him and focused on Tony and his suitors instead. There was a large projection of the stage on the curving wall of the hall, large enough for anyone in the audience to watch. But Steve was grateful that Bucky had pulled him almost right up to the front instead, because he preferred looking at Tony in person, rather than at a projection.
“Steve? This line’s cut.”
“You had showering in come on your bucket list?” Steve asked, disbelieving.
That sounded...extraordinary.
“Because you hate that,” Steve said, sounding almost dazed. “You hate if anyone behaves like you need protecting. I wanted to snarl and bite, but I know you hate Alphas behaving like idiots around Omegas.”
Slowly, Steve drew his nose down to Tony’s neck instead. There, he seemed to lose some of his vaunted control, suddenly pressing deeper, burying his face into the crook of Tony’s neck. He drew in a sharp breath, moving his nose from side to side like he was inhaling as much of the scent as possible to remember it for good.
“Next is… huh, Steve Rogers,” called out Happy.
“So you can change back to your merman form as long as you sacrifice an arc reactor?” Steve asked, curious.
Steve shrugged. “I don’t mind moving.” Left unsaid but was certainly heard by both of them were the words, ‘as long as I’m moving to be with you.’
“That he did,” Rhodes admitted. “He wanted me to assess how serious you are.”
But regular office worker Steve Ranger probably couldn’t, so all Steve did was turn his head, hiding it as an instinctive flinch. Steve took a hard skull full on to the side of his face. He had avoided getting his nose broken, mostly because he didn’t want to deal with a nosebleed right now. But he still felt an explosion of pain around his left eye. Steve didn’t even have to fake stumbling back and clutching at his face with one hand.
“Sounds like a hell of a lady to like a gift like that,” Sam said, clapping Steve on the shoulder in light reassurance.
Trust him to ask now despite all the months of talking. Tony reached a hand back and gripped Steve’s head, pressing him tighter as he bared his neck to Steve’s mouth. “Yes, yes, do it,” he gasped.
He couldn’t get enough of it.
The curly haired woman handed over what looked to be a canvas wrapped in silver paper. When Tony had torn off the wrapping, he stared at it for a moment, before turning it so that the audience closer to the stage could see it and video cameras could capture what was on the canvas and project it on the walls. It was a beautiful portrait of Iron Man in the air, his suit gleaming gold and red against the blue sky.
A growl ripped out from deep in Steve’s chest, loud enough that a few of the audience members around him started to edge away. Both Bucky and Sam poked him in his sides until he stopped growling. Steve took deep breaths, trying to remind himself to stop acting like a caveman.
“I’m coming,” he gasped, moving his right hand with Tony on it a little further away.
Tony got to work. He licked all over Steve’s cock to start off with, leaving no inch unlavished. He nuzzled into the dark blond curls at the root of Steve’s hard length, breathing in the heavy Alpha musk that left him throbbing, that caused him to leak from his hole as well. He was wet enough that it felt slippery between his cheeks and he shifted on his knees with some pleasure. From Steve’s sharp inhale, he could smell Tony’s arousal too.
Happy Christmas, Stony fandom! You've all been lovely! <3
Doctor Strange sighed. “You can’t own a dragon, Stark. The dragon chooses where they go and where they stay. Isn’t it obvious from the fact that they can
“…grass, coffee and cheeseburgers?” Lee said with narrowed eyes. “Is this a joke?”
Steve’s cupped his cheek gently, which cut him off. Looking at the creases at the corner of Tony’s eyes, brushing a thumb over the laugh lines around that expressive mouth, Steve said, “No, I’m not surprised by that. And you look good for any age. You’re gorgeous, Tony, I didn’t think you needed anyone to tell you that.”
That didn’t explain anything at all.
“But that was definitely a no on the carrying thing?”
Natasha said with a raised eyebrow as she cut into her strawberries and cream cheese crepe, “You’re telling us that we won’t see you sharing plates within the year?”
Tony’s heat passed in a blur of ecstasy and discovery and joy and desire and pleasure. He came back to lucid moments of being fucked into the bed, voice crying out with growing pleasure as Steve drove into him, only to plunge back into the maelstrom of overwhelming heat and want.
All this extra attention from everyone else, especially the unbonded Alphas, was just irritating. He wouldn’t want Steve to suddenly start behaving like a jealous caveman; that would be gross and disturbing.
“You’re both supposed to be on my side, not ganging up on me,” Tony complained, leaning an arm against Steve’s.
The glass cracked in his hand. Water started dribbling out of it onto his hand and dripping onto the floor.  But Steve didn’t notice, because he couldn’t spare any attention for that; his entire focus was on the talkshow host and this latest news.
The entire place was wrecked. What had been Tony’s gorgeous living room was now almost entirely destroyed. The only positive was that the guests had fled Tony’s birthday party so there had been no civilian casualties. The major downside was that Steve was standing there, surrounded by six mostly destroyed robots. One of the robots had been personally piloted by Ivan Vanko, the guy who had attacked S.I.’s lobby and was supposed to be locked up. Steve had found that out after he had accidentally ripped the guy’s helmet off during combat. The other robots were definitely remotely piloted, Steve knew because most of them were missing parts after he had been done with them.
Hand in hand, they waded out further into the water, until they finally had to let go and start swimming instead. When they had swam far enough that they had to tread water, they turned to face each other. Tony was bobbing a little frantically in the water, having never gotten used to swimming without his tail.
Steve cleared his throat and continued, “My gift, I mean. They’re all things I’ve made. That’s the—” he struggled to remember what Tony had said then it clicked, “—the theme.”
“It’s how I make a grand entrance to an organization like S.H.I.E.L.D.,” Tony replied carelessly, without explaining anything whatsoever.
“Tony, you’re alright. You’re fine,” Steve said, trying to sound reassuring. “You’re a little dried out from staying out of the water too long. Do you want to go into your glass?”
Steve rolled his eyes at that.
Steve drew in a sharp breath and said in a low steady tone against Tony’s ear, hot breath burning against the sensitive skin, “The tall Alpha with red hair wearing a blue tie and the shorter Alpha with dark hair, wearing a green turtleneck with his dark suit. I wanted to
“There was this guy who called the shots and overruled all complaints, I heard. Something about it not being a democracy. Quite the tyrant,” Steve said with a shrug and a small grin.
“You’re an idiot, but you’re our idiot. I don’t want you to ever talk shit about my best friend again,” Bucky said quietly.
Wanda found them next, dressed in a deep green thigh-length dress. “We almost got mobbed out there.”
Doctor Strange strode over. “We’ve secured the aliens, but the threat isn’t over yet.”
“Rhodey is a good judge of character,” Steve commented.
Now a little uncertain, Steve drew Tony closer and closer, until he couldn’t quite focus on Tony. Then suddenly, Tony shifted to the side, almost falling off Steve’s hand altogether. Before Steve could panic, he felt little hands touched his cheekbone, touched his cheek, and then the softest of small touches brushed against his cheek.
“Ugh, the goats were a much better sight,” Steve teased.
Steve felt stiff with discomfort. The band on his wrist buzzed and he looked down. It said, ‘Free dance.’
Turned out the dragons weren’t interested in attacking New York. They were just lost. Dragons were migratory creatures, but apparently, that meant that they migrated from dimension to dimension. They were able to fly through dimensions, but sometimes, they got a little lost.
“Tony, yes,” Tony muttered, disgruntled.
Rolling his eyes, Sam started patting Steve’s head and Steve closed his eyes as if to settle down for a nap as well.
The moment Steve opened his front door, Tony popped the top half of his body out of the bag, leaning precariously on the plastic’s edge, and grabbed hold of Steve’s thumb.
apology. That thought distracted him from his growing annoyance at his fellow teammates.
Tony strolled up to Steve, looking remarkably at home in an open collared, dark tailored suit, walking through the wreckage of his living room and nimbly avoiding the debris of destroyed furniture and damaged robots.
“Tony, I am here with a gift,” Thor said, throwing his cape back dramatically to reveal a large box.
Jabbing a finger in the air at Steve — really, why was that so adorable when it came from a tiny Tony, but so irritating when Tony was normal-sized? — and taking a step forward, Tony said in that little voice, “I’ll have you know that I’m not cute just because I’m— Oh, fuck!”
Then he felt it...a thumb swiping up through his slick, gathering it up until the digit touched lightly over his hole. Tony pressed backwards, felt his body try to open, slick dripping even more in anticipation and want. But Steve didn’t press in, just let his thumb rest there against Tony’s fluttering hole. Then his hand disappeared and Tony was confused, upset, wanting Steve back…
What a great question. If only Steve actually had a good answer for that. “The...printer room?”
“After the gifting ceremony, we will have some…drumroll please, come on, F.R.I.D.A.Y., don’t let me down here, thank you!” Tony paused dramatically for the drumroll that filled the air with rolling beats. Tony’s grin was wide and visible even from where Steve was standing, so far back from the stage. “Thank you, F.R.I.D.A.Y.. We will have a
But what a way to go.
“We are,” T’Challa said with a nod of his head. “I don’t believe you’re aware, but in Wakanda, it is not unusual for Omegas to have multiple partners. I am also with Nakia.”
“I can remove it,” Tony said, and then winced when he remembered another time when he had removed his arc reactor and shoved it into Steve’s hands. In terms of symbolism, he couldn’t have been any more obvious during that period of dazed dehydration. “If the light bothers you.”
“Same here, when we work things out after climbing out from hell again,” Steve said with a smile.
Tony didn’t bother to even react to that question. He just lightly stepped off the table onto T’Challa’s lap. Then he circled the lap once, twice, before curling up on it, tail wrapped tight around his body. Resting his head on his paws, Tony closed his golden eyes and seemed to relax.
Steve leaned down and kissed him, sipped from his lips in short tasting kisses, like he couldn’t decide on an angle and couldn’t get enough. Then his tongue touched the inside of Tony’s lower lip, traced softly, almost ticklish, and Tony shivered, felt himself leak even more in reciprocal want.
Turning his head, Tony lifted a paw towards the urn, very clearly threatening to knock the urn off onto Steve’s head. Steve’s lips curled up, baring his long teeth as he growled, low and menacing. That didn’t seem to faze Tony at all. He nudged the urn with a paw, earning him more barking. Looking put out, Tony hissed at Steve, although his hackles stayed down this time. This went back and forth for a couple minutes until finally, Tony sat down and licked his paw. Steve quiet down at that.
But Tony was already shaking his head, body half hanging out of the plastic bag to stare at the space beside the bathtub.
Something in his body language clearly gave off his very unhappy feelings because the Omega in question — Kenny something or other, one of the linguists — took a large step back from Steve, eyes wide. Steve on the other hand practically looked serene, that asshole.
“So you would come over to where I was immediately,” Steve mumbled into his own forearm, trying to hide his face.
“How much money did you put in my account?” Steve asked with no small amount of trepidation.
.” He sounded drugged, his words almost slurring.
“Hi,” Steve said softly, knowing it was an absolutely stupid thing to say, but not caring at all when he saw how Tony grinned back at him.
Tony spent a lot of time pouring over his tablet, concentrating with a little frown on his face and sometimes worrying at his lower lip in thought. He wore the same expression when he was watching television and came across some human social etiquette that was just beyond his understanding. Applied to both wildly different scenarios, that expression was just so
The reference obviously made sense to some, since there was a smattering of laughter, but Steve had only heard about Pokemon in passing before without knowing what it meant, so the joke went over his head. But he didn’t care. He didn’t care if he didn’t understand anything else for the rest of the night, as long as he got to hear who Tony was choosing.
Steve looked at him sharply and for a moment, Tony thought that Steve had somehow managed to miss all the coverage on the old sordid history between Ty and himself. But Steve instead said, “It’s
“Yep, I am. Why not?”
“There, now we match,” Tony said, which was just stating the obvious and was probably a sign of how this had shaken him considering how he hated to state the obvious.
Steve wants to suggest inspecting the place again, more thoroughly this time to search for a clue, but before he can say anything there is the rumbling sound of an engine and two seconds later a black SUV speeds into the town, coming to a screeching halt right in front of them.
“Must have been one hell of a coffee spillage,” Nat laughed.
. And you’re naked.”
Just like how he did with the other suitors, Happy announced his name like he would rather be chewing glass, “M’Baku is next on the list.”
Taken aback, Thanos presses the button again and again.
Bending over, Steve enveloped Tony’s back, wrapping an arm around his waist instead. He pressed his mouth to Tony’s neck, breathed in harshly and his lips moved against Tony’s scent gland on the side of his neck as he said, “Tony, can I? Can I bond with you?”
Lee nodded, head bobbing as he swooped to another counter and drew out a small vial from an intimidating array of vials. “That’s a very good summer scent, here, smell some of this.”
Steve tried not to feel like he was about to lose something precious.
Steve frowned. “Um, well, I usually do some drawing at this time of the day and I sit in the living room.”
In that hour, an alien spaceship had apparently entered Earth above New York and a few aliens had descended to demand the Time stone and the Mind stone. A huge fight had broken out in the streets of New York, which somehow resulted in...whatever the fuck this was.
Sighing, Steve headed back to his desk. Time to get back to being a mild-mannered illustrator in the advertising department.
Steve rolled his eyes, knowing when he was being humored, but deciding to move on to the next point. “Second, if all the suitors were crappy, I have confidence you would have just sent them packing. No one makes you do what you don’t want to do, Tony.”
That earned laughter from the crowd, all of them still eating out of Tony’s palm even as they stared entranced at this unusually long gifting on stage.
It was an ordeal. The most tempting, sweetest ordeal ever.
“You don’t have to present a gift as a guest,” Tony explained.
But otherwise, the place was mostly empty except for a document cabinet filled with knick knacks instead of files and an old table that, based on the plaque on its side, was a model of the 1974 Stark Expo.
come to be precise,” Tony said with a grin, making it hard to tell if he was being serious or not.
It had been hours since he had discovered Tony, and the entire Avengers team had been down to the workshop to have their fill of staring at this tiny version of Tony — and to take photos, much to Tony’s displeasure — before dispersing to hunt down Loki. Steve had stayed behind because no one trusted Tony in tiny form not to get into bigger trouble than usual. No one really knew why Loki had done this, but it bore all of his trademarks even before Thor confirmed that was Loki’s writing on the card. Loki probably thought he was being very funny, and he had seemed extra irritated by some of Tony’s verbal jabs at him during their last battle.
“Don’t tell me you’re giving up already?” Bucky asked, sounding a little worried for the first time that day.
Thor announced, “That was an impressive fireball. With time, she could even join us in battle.”
If the words weren’t ominous enough, the fact that Steve was completely sure that the box hadn’t been there just a minute ago was enough to make him wish he had his shield in hand. But he hadn’t expected to need his weapon on him when he had come down to the workshop to drag Tony away from his work for some Christmas Eve cuddles. The place had seemed empty, which had surprised Steve enough that he had checked twice to be sure that Tony wasn’t in the workshop’s bathroom. He had been on his way out again, a seed of worry settling in his gut, when a flash of green had caught his eye and there was this wrapped gift on a previously empty spot of the workbench.
His heat was finally over.
While Tony was still soaking, Steve went to plate up the food to give Tony some time to himself and also to have something to do with his hands. He let the normalcy of preparation calm his nerves, settle his fidgeting hands. He came back out with a normal human-sized plate of rice and curry, and a tablespoon of curry with tiny bits of meat and rice he had mashed up as much as possible with a fork. Steve rarely ate at his dining table, not finding a point in that even before Tony arrived, since he was mostly alone. He sat at his desk and started eating. After a few minutes, Tony flopped out of his glass and scooted over to his tablespoon of food. Steve laid his left hand down beside his plate so that Tony could put his right hand over Steve’s little finger.
“So, not a random attack; he was targeting Tony. Do we know who the attacker is and what he wants?” Steve asked with a frown, thinking that after this, Tony was definitely going to embed the nanite container under his skin to ensure something like that couldn’t happen again.
“Oh, don’t look at me like that,” Tony complained, leaning his cheek against his hand with his elbow propped on the back of the couch.
# # #
Tony prompted.
“What did you want to ask me?” Steve queried, trying to remain calm and open.
“I’m not sure I want to be breaking any royal feet today,” Steve said quietly, trying to hide the anxiety in his voice.
“I can talk,” Tony said, as if testing the words. Then he looked down at his legs. “And I have legs! Oh sweet anemones, I can walk and talk!”
“Damn right it’s working,” Tony grumbled and shifted back, rocking his hips. Heat surged through Steve and he gasped. Tony smirked, smug and satisfied. “I’ll show you cute.”
“Who’s there? What’s going on?” Steve asked warily.
It was the work of five intense hours of researching to change them back into their human forms.
Steve didn’t really care if it became a trend. He just wanted to own who he was and his own history.
your fault you were in a relationship with someone who didn’t treat you right.”
While everyone prepared for the upcoming alien invasion, Bucky trailed after Steve and Tony who seemed to be determined to explore Wakanda together. Well, perhaps Tony was determined to explore Wakanda and Steve was determined to stick close to Tony. Bucky stared as Steve and Tony both sat in front of the field of goats, their tails almost touching as they watched the grazing goats. It was surprisingly peaceful as they watched the goats for at least half an hour.
, but the heat hormones were mostly gone from Tony’s system. He knew how ridiculous he had behaved. And fortunately, even that sharp jab of insecurity quickly faded as he recognized how silly he was behaving.
“Yeah, why not, Sam?” Steve asked, giving Sam a Disapproving Look, like he was ready to challenge anyone who questioned his Courting gifts.
Bucky shook his head. Tony and Steve were a pair alright.
The way he looked at Steve left no room for interpretation as to what he was famished for. Steve actually colored a little under Tony’s direct gaze and cleared his throat. “Yes, right. Let’s just. Go.”
This was love. Pure unadulterated love laid bare for Tony to take in, clear in those parted lips that tipped up in a hapless smile, in those little lines at the corner of his eyes as he watched Tony’s face.
“I meant...new family,” Tony tried, obviously aiming for subtle before giving up with a huff. He continued more bluntly, “New family between us, I mean. You surely watched some news reel where they called me an old dried up Omega who is no catch at all to any Alpha.”
Tony wasn’t as distanced from the death as he obviously wished he was. Life was like that. Relationships weren’t so easy to cut off, even when there was deep betrayal involved.
The man turned and paused. “Steve, is that you?”
It was indeed Sam, and he groaned and moaned his way through his dance with Steve, making it all of two minutes. His scent remained steady though, light and earthy, so Steve knew Sam was mostly being dramatic. Natasha in a deep green mask was nimble enough to avoid Steve’s lethal feet, but that meant Steve made no progress at all with learning to dance since he mostly stumbled around while Natasha avoided his feet. Dancing so close together, if he could call what he was doing dancing, he could smell her amusement.
Within two hours, Tony presented him with a shopping list and a pearl, declaring every purchase on the list as critical.
“I can’t fix it.”
He turned to the Omega with his fakest smile, holding his hand out. “Hi, Kevin, right? I think I heard your name earlier.”
wanted Redwing to be able to shoot lasers,” Sam repeated, not sounding at all repentant.
“Uhhhh…” Steve started, and grasped at the first thing that came to mind. “I got lost.”
Bucky mentions Steve not having gone to a Courting Ceremony before back in Chapter 1, in case anyone wonders where that came from. :)
“That makes sense,” Steve said carefully in agreement. “That’s what this whole Courting Ceremony is for after all. For you to meet people and be sure about who you chose.”
“Uh…” Steve reaches into his pocket for his phone, “on second thought, maybe there’s a town nearby- I don’t have cell service.”
Steve had to hide a smile at that, thinking he had never heard that saying before, as he went to the kitchen to get a knife for all the tape. When he came back, Tony was propped up against the box, looking at Steve expectantly. Once Steve started slicing the lids open, Tony laid a hand on Steve’s elbow to keep the communication going.
The next few suitors were similar. They got less than three minutes on stage, most of it spent describing their gifts. Tony accepted or rejected with varying levels of interest, and the suitors weren’t given much of a chance to react before they were ushered off the stage.
Half submerged in the rockpool, upper body pushed out from the seawater and leaning against the warm rocks, was a person.
It took a moment for Steve to parse the words and he raised his eyebrows in silent question.
“What’s wrong, Steve? Take a deep breath, let it out,” Sam said as Bucky squeezed Steve’s shoulder.
Steve took a deep breath as he muted the television. At least this publicized debate was a little more even-handed and wasn’t just completely critical of Tony. Tony’s decision to distract the public with his Courting Ceremony seemed to be working a treat, except it seemed to have worked too well. Whille people were too busy to brood over what Thanos did and how the Avengers reversed it, they were also nitpicking over Tony’s Ceremony or complaining endlessly about Tony himself.
“I made them,” Steve blurted out.
do what they want.”
Ignoring what he said, Tony just asked, “What exactly do you think Ty did to me?”
Steve had gone for his morning run, pushing hard for miles around town and along the beach until he was finally out of breath. After that, he lay back against his usual slab of rock, letting his hand fall into a rockpool and graze against the moss-covered rocks. It had been high tide in the morning but the water had receded now, leaving behind beautiful, emerald pools of water among the rocks. He closed his eyes, tried to calm and center his mind. He liked to spend at least 20 minutes just stretched out by the beach, absorbing as much sunlight as he could.
“It’s not going to be you for much longer if you don’t come back to bed,” Tony grumbled from his nest of blankets and pillows, enconsed so comfortably in it that he didn’t seem willing to even sit up.
He turned to Vicente and Alexandre.
When Steve wasn’t playing silly games on his phone, he was also drawing Tony a lot. Tony was the most interesting sight in the whole house, possibly the whole planet, and he could be so unbearably cute sometimes, it was impossible for Steve to resist putting pencil to paper with the little merman as his muse.
“Um...not always. It can also be a sign of affection,” Steve explained, trying not to stutter.
“No! It’s—
Not really paying attention to Sam’s boasting, Steve moved on to the next storefront. Would Tony like glass sculptures? Some artistic glassware to display? He continued on in dissatisfaction. Maybe this art decor furniture store would have something? Some of these pieces looked sleek and modern, all clean lines and free of overly-ornate designs. They would fit right in with Tony’s various homes where the construction and in-built functionalities were always ingeniously executed with Tony’s signature touches, but the furniture usually looked like they came straight out of an interior design magazine.
“Alright, give me a sec,” Steve said, reaching out for the pump bottle of lube in one of the drawers, a fixture in the workshop after their many bouts of unplanned sex there.
“True, true.”
“Rejected due to an abject lack of imagination. Next!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You just seemed a little worked up,” Sam said warily. “A lot of these Courting Week’s reality shows and televised ceremonies are scripted. No one is going to really be expecting to enter an actual Courtship with Tony as a result of his Courting Ceremony. That would be stupid.”
Why was this so hard? What could Steve buy Tony, one of the richest men in the world?
He parted his legs so Steve could see everything. It felt good, felt
Natasha frowned. “All the things you like?” Then her eyebrows went up. “Oh no, Steve…”
Then Steve saw the familiar red and gold Iron Man suit stride around the pillar and Steve quickly released his hold on the other guy. He saw the headbutt coming, could have easily dodged it completely.
“Agree to disagree,” Steve replied and then it was his turn to rock Tony’s world.
Tony dived into the box with excitement, pulling out a small square box. He opened the box with glee and then blinked. Lifting it, he sniffed at the box and then pulled back with a laugh.
Tony pulled back a little and said, “Strange. I could have sworn that you’re not wearing any at all. Not even the lightest foundation. And considering the things I’ve had to hide with make-up, I consider myself to be somewhat of an expert.”
“What’s new?” Clint asked with a shrug.
Then he clenched his left hand around his cock and pumped in earnest, hips pushing up to fuck into his own grip as his cock shot out a rush of hot wet come. A lot of the come fell onto Tony, splattering almost his entire body and the rest of Steve’s hand. Even through his haze of pleasure, Steve noticed when Tony plopped back down onto his backside with a gasp, surprised to be covered in come. Steve could only stare with a rather befuddled fascination as he breathed heavily and tried to calm his body down after the force of his orgasm.
Steve was pretty sure his shirt was a size too small, the seams of his sleeves constantly at risk every time he bent his elbows. And his pants were so tight that he couldn’t stay seated for too long. He really needed to speak to Coulson about the sizing of the clothes; there had to be something wrong with them.
I hope you’ve enjoyed this ride with me! :D  My first a/b/o fic had no smut, so this sequel was to make up for it in spades. I wasn't sure what I was doing for part of it, but I think I got a hang of it by the end. Let me know if it worked for you! (I'm posting this while I'm reallllyyyy sleepy so apologies for any mistakes!)
Steve stood by the rockpools, staring out into the sea. It was barely dawn, the sky mostly dark with the sun just peeking over the horizon.
Ty snorted and said, “Or what? You’ll beat me up? Captain America beating up an innocent civilian, the Alpha gone mad. That would ruin your reputation.”
It was irritating and rude and
Tony took a deep breath to complain, but Steve was suddenly clambering on top of him, caging him in with his forearms pressed to either side of Tony’s face.
“We all know that, but celebrity comes with people being extra stupid about you sometimes,” Tony said with a shrug, leaning hard against Steve’s side to attempt to soothe him. He called over to Bucky and Sam, “Are you guys done yet?”
He leaned forward and nuzzled the knot that had popped up during Steve’s orgasm, closing his hand around that hard protuberance and squeezing. Steve trembled and his cock shot out another pulse of come, splashing against Tony’s chest. Humming in delight, Tony leaned forward and mouthed at the knot, licking and sucking, rhythmically squeezing it between his reverent hands and lips. Steve came again and again, little pulses of come every time Tony squeezed harder, sucked teasingly on the knot.
day,” T’Challa said, wry. But his scent remained serene, the welcoming and warm Omega smell, with threads of grass and the open air.
“It’s Tony. It’s the exact thing he would do,” Steve said, leaning back with a faint smile. “And it makes sense. With the number of applicants and short amount of time he has before the ceremony, you’re the only one who would be able to interview numerous people at the same time. You can probably go over all the application forms and make decisions in minutes. And he trusts you.”
“But...what? You just decided like that? Wait, living
Steve replied amiably, “Oh, I intend to cry my eyes out. It’ll only be fair since Bucky is absolutely going to bawl at our wedding.”
This was a painting of the Avengers, scattered around a street in Los Angeles after a difficult but ultimately victorious battle, where the heroic team of superheroes were completely covered in burning globs of burnt marshmallow. Thor was up in the air, swooping down with a sheepish smile on his face but with marshmallow gumming up his usually majestic mane of hair. There was Sam flat on his back, a giant marshmallow that was once the Marshmallow Man’s finger on his chest while Bucky’s face was almost entirely obscured in marshmallow. Only Wanda and Vision were unscathed, having used their powers to keep clear.
Steve leaned back, resting on his side, and looked at Tony. When Tony slowly met his gaze, Steve’s soft smile turned pensieve for some reason. Tony didn’t like it because Steve shouldn’t ever look like that in their bed.
There was a cold spike driven up Tony’s stomach at that name, at the memory of lustrous dark hair and an unlined, perfectly symmetrical face, with a smiling generous mouth.
“Where have you taken me, Phelipe?! We are going to die out here.” Tony’s head falls back against the body of the car. “I didn’t die out in Afghanistan, now God or Karma or The Flying Spaghetti Monster has decided I’ll die here in the
Tony pointed out, gesturing at his own body, from his collarbone to the fins on his tail.
Tony swam about in his little plastic bag, trying to look at the bathroom from every angle. He popped back up and grabbed Steve’s thumb where he was holding the edge of the bag.
Tony ended with a slight bluster, obviously deflecting when emotions came into play.
It was impossible not to recognize one of his own teammates even with all the masks on and even with the voice modulators. The slender build of Rhodes combined with his sharp Alpha scent that reminded Steve of airplane hangars made him instantly familiar, even as Steve struggled to keep up with the simple steps they were going through.
Because yes, Steve wasn’t actually interested in Kenny and Steve wasn’t the kind of person to cheat on Tony, but that didn’t mean that Tony couldn’t be
Everyone around him winced, which was a terrible sign.
“This is a bit more than usual,” Steve said, eyeing Tony up who was liberally splattered with Steve’s come. “Alright, I think you need to shower.”
“You’re not helping,” Steve said through gritted teeth at the two of them.
Fanart by XxWanderlustxS/franzwantscoffee! Not Safe For Work, you have been warned!
“What’s going on in your head?” Bucky asked, arms crossed, and looking annoyed. He hadn’t yet showered or changed into his own formal wear.
“Maybe you don’t know your best friend as well as you think. I have an invitation,” Ty said with a laugh, eyes gleaming with satisfied spite.
Steve had been watching the news in the living room but he turned it off, not finding anything of particular interest beyond some rebuilding going on in New York city. He wandered towards his desk, immediately holding out a finger for Tony to grasp.
As much as Steve would like to argue, he can't. “Yeah.”
So it really was completely coincidental that Steve got involved in Tony’s affairs again.
“Your sketchbooks,” Tony murmured, touching the deep blue cover of the first sketchbook.
“Yep.”
Before anyone had to formulate a creative compliment, the speakers suddenly blared with loud, noisy music, the type that Tony always played in his workshops.
Steve felt slight trepidation at the idea that they would need communication devices for a Courting Ceremony, but he had no time to worry about it. They were sent through the impressive doors into the building.
Surveying his breathless audience, Tony spoke, his voice coming through the speakers even though he wasn’t wearing a visible mike. “Good evening, everyone. Welcome to my Courting Ceremony.” He spread his arms with a grin.
Steve had licked his thumb. He had licked up Tony’s slick from his own salty skin. God, Steve had
Also, by the end of the story, I had a hankering to try out my hand at a/b/o smut, so there will be a sequel posted either next week or the week after. It will be extremely flufftastic and smutty. It's finished, just waiting for me to clean it up a bit as usual.
He was about to ask for Clint to try to find a shot from a higher vantage point when he saw the cafe wall beside the attacker start to shimmer. Then a small golden ring seemed to boil into existence on the bricks and Steve was certain he was looking through the circle into the Avengers’ common room. Amber darted out of the little portal and with lightning speed, her long neck snaked around the attacker’s shoulder and her jaws clamped down hard on the man’s fingers, wrenching them away from Tony’s neck.
“At least we’re nowhere as bad as that,” Tony said to Rhodey, pointing a fork at the idiot duo on the other side of the table.
“Okay, yes, I know that, but still. You want to court…
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony was still sufficiently in the grasp of his own mind to realize that he couldn’t actually summon his Iron Man suit to repulsor blast a diplomat, so he instead took out his seething anger on the nearest targets.
She did not look impressed as she sashayed off the stage in a huff.
In a move born from experience in the battlefield, Steve looped an arm around Tony’s shoulders and stepped onto one of the metal boots, tightening his hold when he felt Tony lift a few feet into the air. The whine of the repulsors from Tony’s boots and gauntlets filled the air. Then there was a gust of wind as the dome of the building opened up so that there was only the clear night sky above them. Tony’s repulsors flared and they swooped up into the air, out from the hall and spiralled into the star-filled sky. Steve whooped at the rush of wind and speed, while Tony laughed as he spun them in loops and twirls.
He edged into the house, moving in the direction of the living room where the voice had came from. A sharp surge of panic went through him as he remembered that Tony was there, working in his aquarium. Steve dashed into the room, abandoning all caution.
This was definitely a problem. Steve sized up the beautifully wrapped present. It was just about the right size for a toaster, but he doubted he would be so lucky to find a toaster in it. On a closer look, there were three small holes on the side of the box, seemingly punctured there after the box had been wrapped up. That was strange.
Tony thought about him. Tony took in little bits of information about him and tried to give him something based on what Tony learned about him.
By that point, their cosy nest was almost complete anyway.
“That’s not actually what I said,” Steve says calmly. He thinks they’re making good time and should make the town before nighttime. He roots around in the backpack for some water. He can’t remember the last time Tony drank something. “Here.”
So there was no conceivable reason why Tony was so put out by Steve’s lack of attention. He didn’t want Steve to fawn over him. It said something good about Steve that he always paid close attention to Tony, regardless of what Tony’s body was doing at that point in time. Heat didn’t change that. It wasn’t like Steve was neglecting him or anything. Just last night, Steve had come to sleep downstairs in the workshop because he said he missed Tony while Tony was caught up in a project, which had resulted in some lovely benchtop sex and an impromptu nest on the floor.
With Tony’s arrival, the Avengers as a team didn’t sound so impossible anymore.
“Grass scent for the green smoothies I like apparently,” Tony said as he tapped on the Captain America’s shield earring. “And coffee scent because
It went on for a bit before Bucky pulled back with a wince. “Holy shit, Steve, I think you broke my little toe with that move. What the fuck?”
Everything he had done for this crazy night had led up to this moment. Tony was accepting his suit. From here on out, they would be officially courting and the whole world would know how serious they were about it.
Then the band on his wrist vibrated, which caused him to look down with a jolt. All it said was, ‘Make him happy.’
There was a very brief moment of silence before the line of journalists exploded with noise, shouting question after question at him. But Steve just turned and walked on, having made his intention clear.
“But I was hoping it would get your attention—”
Tony’s motions are furious as he folds the gauntlet back into his watch. “This plan took too long and too many people died in the meantime.”
“The two of you should try to get along since you’re both stuck in the same situation,” Bucky suggested when they walked by him.
Which wasn’t glowing anymore.
# # # # # #
“What can I say, my Courting Ceremony was just that successful.”
“That sounds like too much. My favorite Courting gifts were personally made. And it used to be traditional to receive it anonymously,” Wanda said, a little dreamily.
He knew Steve loved him and that Steve wasn’t going to stray. Steve wasn’t that kind of person.
Steve juggled the large box, his house keys and his phone, until he could finally put them all down on his desk beside Tony and his tablet. Tony waved at Steve without looking up from the tablet.
Steve rolls his eyes, laughing at his boyfriend’s antics, before a mischievous look crosses his face - and Tony yelps as he finds himself picked up under one arm like so much baggage.
“Yes, yes, there please— Oh, Steve, I can’t, I’m going to come— Please, uh—” He broke off into the short, breathy gasps that Steve knew meant Tony was going to come.
“I heard you need my help again, Stark.” And there was Doctor Strange, his upper body pushing out from within a spinning gold circle slicing through time and space.
,” Tony snapped.
“Is it working?” Steve asked with a smile against Tony’s skin.
Tony bobbed in the glass of water for a moment, before swishing around and stretching out his tail, his slightly dulled red and gold scales glimmering with deeper color again in the water. Taking a deep breath, Steve tried to relax his muscles and calm his racing heart. He had never felt so helpless before, seeing Tony so agitated but not being able to do anything about it. In that moment, the size difference between them seemed like a terrible barrier. He couldn’t hug Tony, not properly. He couldn’t reassure him without feeling like he could accidentally injure Tony. For the first time, he wished he could shrink to Tony’s size, or that Tony could turn human-sized.
Steve’s shield was covered in marshmallow and it was clear that Steve had kept his face clear of flying sugary treats, but the rest of his body that hadn’t been blocked by the shield was coated in sticky burnt goop. Natasha was standing behind Clint, but even she had burnt marshmallow on her annoyed face and Clint was almost completely covered in the stuff. Clint was also drawn mid-motion, throwing with deadly precision a handful of marshmallow at Tony who was in the middle of the street, laughing with his faceplate up.
Steve looked up and his gaze met Tony’s wide, deep brown eyes.
Then Fury rolled his eyes. “I don’t care about what hanky panky you get up to on your down time, Cap.”
At this point, Bucky and Sam laughed so hard that they almost spilled popcorn across the pristine floor, and all three of them got shooed out of the store as a result.
Except Steve noticed unusual movements behind Tony; a man wearing some strange pack around his torso was roughly shoving a woman aside as he stormed into the lobby close on Tony’s heels.
They had worked through their past conflicts. There had been no room for discontent in the team when they had to go up against Thanos, not with the weight of half the universe on their shoulders.
The corner of Tony’s lips ticked up and he murmured, “A technicality, huh?” And Steve understood what he meant. It wasn’t a very strong excuse for presenting more than one gift, but Tony seemed to accept it. He put the lid of the box aside carefully, like it was made out of the most delicate of precious material instead of cardboard glued together.
There was a small black disk at the corner of his desk, next to the small fabrication units. Above the black disk floated a glowing blue sphere with blue lines orbiting and criss-crossing around the sphere. When Steve edged closer, he noticed that they were lines of some sort of code that he couldn’t read.
“Why are you smiling? You’ve got that dopey look on your face that you usually get right before you kiss me. Wait, holy shit, are you turned on right now? I knew you had something of a size kink, but this goes beyond reasonable, Steve. I’m not going to let you fuck me with your dick like this, I would
Steve cheated; he pressed forward for a quick kiss, a beatific press of lips on lips until he felt Tony’s mouth soften, parted. When he pulled back, he felt thrilled at the sight of Tony’s deep eyes looking a little glazed, his worries faded away.
“Algorithm? Apps?” Steve asked, feeling at a loss now.
The little smile on the corner of Steve’s lips belied his irritation at Sam, but Tony leaned in anyway to press a soft kiss to that lovely curve. He murmured, “My dear Alpha, now we have matching earrings and funny scents, yes?”
Bucky raised his eyebrows and leaned closer to sniff the earrings too. He fell back against his chair and started laughing. Steve turned his disappointed gaze to Sam instead. “
Pointing a thumb in Steve’s direction, Tony said, “Mostly his idea. But I don’t mind.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s lips curled up in an amused smile. “That was a ‘I like you very much’ kiss.” Then he frowned slightly. “Was that not clear? Did I do it wrong? There’s only so much I can learn from TV and books without practical application. Merpeople don’t kiss when we’re romantically interested in someone, you know? We do tail-twining, it’s very sexy. I wasn’t sure if I should have used tongue right a—”
It was pretty damn weird to think that he had just patted Steve Rogers, his best friend, on the head. But then, Rhodes and Tony didn’t seem to feel any kind of awkwardness even as they shamelessly cuddled so Bucky had better step up as Steve’s best pal.
. Tony wanted to tell Steve he couldn’t say that name, not in their bed, in their
Tony scoffed. “No, that’s not what this Courting Ceremony is for, and that’s not what I meant. I meant, I wanted to be sure that you’re sure.”
Deciding to play human shield, Steve sat down on the couch between the two of them.
“As long as I get to brag about bagging Tony Stark,” Steve said, drawing Tony down.
Steve only had a vague idea that many of the fairytales consumed by the general public were vastly changed from the originals told by the likes of Hans Christian Andersen and the Brothers Grimm but he hadn’t actually known The Little Mermaid was one of them. He listened on in somewhat of a daze.
Wincing, Steve said in a wry tone, “‘Mister Stark, please ignore my existence while I spill coffee all over myself.’”
“You don’t seem surprised that I’m the one conducting the interview as part of the screening process,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said, sounding a touch curious.
But Tony only wandered off after that, treating Bucky as nothing more than interesting furniture. Steve gave Bucky’s hand a slobbery lick before going after Tony, making sure to stick close to him.
Steve continued opening the box in a daze, realizing that Tony was even more of a genius than he had initially assumed. He considered that he had several million dollars in his account as he placed the contents of the box on the table: even more tools and electronic items, but all human-sized so he had no idea what use they would be for Tony. There was also a blue machine about seven inches high that Steve couldn’t identify. Tony flopped around on the table in excitement, touching each item and clutching a wrench to his body at one point.
“Very pragmatic,” Tony said with his lips curling up in sincere amusement. “I like it. Alright, call in the black suits.”
# # #
Then Steve started talking. “Tony, Tony, you feel so amazing, oh God, I never imagined…” His words were broken, incomplete, but his meaning was clear. “Tight… Tight and wet. Ah, you feel so good, Tony— Thank you, Tony, thank you—”
Tony blinked and then seemed to shake himself out of his daze. His gaze set on the box, before flicking up to stare at Steve, registering what had been said. Tony smiled in amusement. “You were such a rule-breaker. You shamelessly exploited that one gift per suitor or multiples of the same theme rule.”
“I suppose I have to learn to blend in with other two-legs,” Tony said with a huff, like blending in was completely beneath him but he would try.
Steve danced with several strangers after that. He didn’t want to be seen as breaking the rules by only sticking to his own friends since the point of the masquerade was for the guests to mingle without knowing anyone’s identity.
“Thank you, Steve, but you’re right, I don’t. And while Ty with a broken nose would probably be the best wedding gift Rhodey could ever get, I don’t want to spend another minute on this douchebag,” Tony said, thoroughly enjoying this moment. He turned to Ty and sighed. When Tony reached his hand up suddenly, Ty actually flinched, jittery from the tension. It was a
Steve’s mind just couldn’t comprehend what he was seeing. His jaw worked as he took in the dark hair swept back from the little face, so much like a doll’s, with large brown eyes and a neat little goatee, framing a small but plush mouth. The little being was frowning, head tilted. On his bare chest, was a tiny circle of illegible scribblings, glowing faintly blue.
T’Challa sighed before saying, “The mask is from Stark. As I’m not a suitor, there is no real need for my anonymity and I suppose he thinks this is funny.”
“Look, I might think most Courting Ceremonies are no longer sincere and consists of antiquated practices better left in the past, but I’ve still attended a lot of them. Everyone has attended a lot of them. It’s part of growing up and part of life,” Tony said, sounding a little agitated. “Everyone should have ridiculous Courting Ceremony memories to talk about and reminisce over, even if it’s just to say that you’ll never attend one of those crazy parties ever again. And the modern day version has so much going on, I can’t believe you haven’t attended any before.”
“Are you waiting for marriage before you bond?” Natasha asked, a shrewd guess.
Steve grumbled under his breath, “Tony’s eyes are perfect, they don’t need stupid fur to bring out their depths. Their depths are perfect as they are.”
“But you have a theory,” Tony surmised, watching Steve closely. “No, wait. Nat told you something. Oh, this is interesting. What does S.H.I.E.L.D. think happen?”
“Thank you. The gold cape is an interesting look with the black suit,” Steve said in an awkward compliment, gesturing at the shimmering gold cape attached to the shoulders of Vision’s black on black outfit. The cape fluttered even though there was no wind within the hall.
so close to his face.
. He didn’t know who would survive this collision.
“No, to whoever sent you as the most hilarious undercover agent in S.I.. I’m guessing one of the U.S. agencies with an acronym as a name, probably S.H.I.E.L.D., based on what you can do,” Tony speculated, sounding calm. “Let’s talk it out. What do they want?”
M’Baku got up gracefully and took a step forward. “It is my honor that you do.”
“You’re hardly a regular Alpha yourself,” Tony commented as he ran his hand up and down Steve’s arm. “Most Alphas would have run away at half the things that happened in my Courting Ceremony. And they definitely would have made me delete the mud-wrestling photos.”
Steve and Tony belonged to each other.
Tony still funded the Avengers but it wasn’t like Steve was going to dip into the Avengers funds for a Courting gift for
Kenny wasn’t an actual threat to their relationship. He had seen Steve around young, beautiful, interested Omegas all the time, and Tony knew that wasn’t enough to attract Steve’s attention. He could recall Steve’s face now from three days ago, seen in the cold light of day without the haze of heat clouding his judgement. Steve had looked polite but disinterested when talking to Kenny. He had been wearing his smile-for-the-Press expression, not anything like the soft, genuine feelings on his face, directed at Tony right now.
# # #
Thanos steps forward menacingly, looking between Steve and Tony. “Even without the bomb, you can’t stop me. You aren’t prepared, you’re on
Shaking his head, rubbing his sweat-soaked hair against the sheets, Tony said, “We can last...later. We can do it slower later. Now, please,
Steve took Tony out onto the beach, discreetly carried in a bag, and kicked off his sandals. He waded into the water up to his knees, behaving like he was just admiring the sunrise. Then he bent down and Tony splashed out of the bag into the shallows, as per their usual routine.
He blinked, feeling hoarse and not really knowing why. He felt wrung out and thoroughly soaked, could feel his ass and thighs just drenched with his slick and probably Steve’s saliva.  Then Tony realized his mouth was still around Steve’s cock and his throat was sore because he had choked himself on that hard intrusion while he had come his brains out.
Not finding anything of use and mindful of other people who might have reasons to come up to the office, Steve stepped out of the room and closed the door behind him. It automatically locked behind him. Steve walked the short corridor towards the lift and hit the down button.
# # #
“Can you even afford some of this shit?” Bucky asked, sounding disdainful as he eyed a footstool in the storefront’s display. “How much are they, I don’t see a price tag.”
For now, they had the endless blue skies ahead of them.
“Steve, please,” Tony said, not knowing why he was saying that, except that Steve would know, Steve could...could…
Within an hour, Tony was using the phone in ways that Steve never even imagined was possible.
Tony’s heat rose and waned, sent him into a frenzy that could only be assuaged by Steve’s body before easing him down where he could only be comforted by Steve again.
He listened to the sound of the waves and enjoyed the warmth of sunlight against his skin, just like any other morning.
Tony looked him in the eye and said, “You know, I really do.”
Then a sharp whistle pierced the air and Bucky’s voice rang out, “You go, Steve!”
“Come on, no cheating, Viz,” Wanda said with a teasing nudge.
Steve moved forward at the press of Tony’s hand, breathing shallowly when he noticed Tony drawing closer too. Soft pink lips framed by neatly shaved facial hair parted, drawing Steve’s gaze down until he couldn’t look anywhere else as he leaned in and in until…
Steve said quickly, “No, I’m— I’m fine, really.”
“What are you worried about, Nick?” Steve asked, trying to ease the tension. “I’m on vacation right now and I’ve just got a friend visiting. He’s a civilian.”
Natasha’s gaze softened. “You big romantic, you.”
Suddenly, Tony’s grin dropped off and he was frowning. “
“What happened, Tony? How did you change your size? And why did your chest mechanism go out?” Steve asked with no small amount of anxiety.
Tony smiled and smiled, tears in his eyes as he said, “Ditto.”
“Alright, alright, they’re a bunch of liars,” Tony said soothingly.
The bald guy with the disturbing grin and prominent chin sneers. “This isn’t a test. This is the
they still couldn’t stop bickering.
Tony was looking at him assessingly, eyes dark and almost...melancholic. “Hey,” Tony murmured.
Steve went there by car, which was of course a limousine sent by Tony, and shared the ride with Bucky, Natasha and Sam who were all staying at the Avengers tower too for their visit to New York. On the way over, he was almost overwhelmed by nostalgia. While many things had changed, the trip over was still familiar, and it felt like he was coming to a full circle.
Steve had to force his hands not to tighten on Rhodes’ hold and to keep his spine from snapping straight and stiff. “I’m very serious.”
Steve didn’t ask anymore questions after that.
“That disqualifies almost anything if we’re going by your standards of crazy,” Steve acknowledged, shaking his head with a small laugh.
“I wasn’t napping,” Tony denied in a blatant lie, then his frown softened. “Oh, it’s John Oliver and he’s talking about us. I like him.”
“No, just until our first shared heat,” Tony explained.
“Carnal matters…” Tony repeated, now wide-eyed.
Steve shifted from foot to foot which made his lovely cock bob. “You like my cock, why should I be embarrassed about that. But...you fantasized about me? What...what did you fantasize about?”
Steve nodded, exchanging the Wakandan greeting of crossed arms with T’Challa.
“What do you like about him?” Steve asked, unable to help himself.
That was it. Steve just had to do his best to make Tony happy, and in the end, the decision was in Tony’s hands.
“Uhh, were Courting Ceremonies different back then? You, uh, do know what this is for? The intention right?” Tony said, unusually incoherent.
. Really, no. It’s not about your size, Tony. I like you because you’re...you.” In Steve’s shock and confusion, that came out sounding weak and unconvincing for some reason. Steve was ready to write off the complete day with how badly he was messing this up.
“Look, I’m not sure if I can accept your gift when I don’t think you even understand what this is all about,” Tony said.
“They’re bullying me, Steve, stand up for me,” Tony complained, slinging a metal arm around Steve’s shoulders and leaning the side of his helmet against Steve’s cheek.
“You did great up there,” Bucky said, sounding relieved, which Steve would be more offended by if he wasn’t equally relieved and surprised that it hadn’t all gone pear-shaped.
Steve wasn’t an uncreative person. He drew a lot and wasn’t short on imagination when he was a child. But even so, he didn’t think this was something that his brain would come up with, even in the throes of madness. He admitted, a little dazed, “I have no idea what’s happening.”
He had gone for his usual coffee break and came back to his floor only to find Tony Stark lurking outside the lift waiting for him. Yes, waiting for him specifically, because Steve had tried a casual greeting before walking by, except Tony had held out a hand to stop him. So many of Steve’s coworkers were stealing glances at them, probably wondering what on earth an illustrator was doing chatting with Tony Stark. Maintaining a mild-mannered nobody-important cover was so hard. How did anyone do this?
The way ‘this person’ was said, one would think it was in reference to the lowest criminal on earth, not a reference to Steve Rogers, best human in the universe.
Bucky called it procrastinating, but Steve called it strategizing.
Because that Omega had just reached up and whispered something in Steve’s ear. He had leaned up and moved in close enough that his cheek had
Tony only smirked.
Thor had taken Loki and the Tesseract back to Asgard shortly after. Clint had been benched as they had tried to figure out if the mind-control by Loki had been completely removed, while Natasha had been sent almost immediately on an undercover mission where she was completely out of reach from everyone. Steve had withdrawn to an isolated seaside town to lick his metaphorical wounds and try to handle his feelings of loneliness after being woken up almost 70 years into the future, discovering all his friends were gone, being thrown head first into a battle with
. Of course.
It's a bit short this week, but next week is the last chapter + epilogue + more feeeeeelings.
It was Tony, in a T-shirt with a colorful print and tight jeans, hair ruffled and cheeks red from shouting. It was Tony, all of eight inches high, standing in the middle of a gift-wrapped box, tiny hands planted on his hips and staring up in open mouth at Steve.
Steve rested his hands on his belt, and took a deep breath, searching for the familiar center before a fight. He watched the people in front of him go up the stage, one by one, and presented their gifts, staying calm the whole time. His heartbeat was speeding up but it was the kind of adrenaline he could channel, that he used effectively on a battlefield. He wasn’t going to fight Tony, but this wasn’t any different to any major battle, and he was going to come out on top.
He turned forward again, let his forehead rest on the mattress. Then he reached backwards and with both hands grasped his own cheeks, holding himself wide open for Steve.
His senses were battle-ready, his adrenaline high but his nerves calm because he was prepared and he knew in his heart that he was the most compatible with Tony.  It was the most important mission of his life and he had spent weeks getting ready for this day. He knew he could do this.
“It feels best against bare skin,” M’Baku advised, raising his eyebrows suggestively.
It wasn’t a crab.
“You didn’t come over to me straight away. You kept talking to Vicente and Alexandre first,” Steve mumbled, looking out from his arm with one eye.
“Shall we dance?” T’Challa asked. When Steve hesitated, T’Challa continued, “I know you are here as a suitor to Stark. From your earlier panic, I think I might be able to give you pointers.”
“I can’t believe...we tried to pull the same trick on each other,” Steve continued, his shoulders shaking with laughter now.
Fury turned his gaze back at Tony. “To get back on topic, you expect us to believe that you’ve been living around here all this time and you just approached Captain America because you noticed he was a good guy. Then you created a brand new identity, one so airtight S.H.I.E.L.D. can’t even expose it, in a way where we can’t find a single trace of you from prior to your appearance in Captain America’s life?”
T’Challa continued, voice a little softer, “But to be honest, M’Baku did not consult Nakia and myself before he entered as a suitor. It’s a surprise to me as well. I’m almost certain that while his interest in Tony is genuine, he has no interest in a long relationship with him since he did not speak to us first. We were led to believe that such a ceremony as tonight’s is likely to be mostly scripted and a short term distraction. If M’Baku was more serious, he would put more effort into drawing Tony’s attention instead of spending his time bedding as many people as possible here.”
“I’ll think about it,” Steve allows.
Steve stares dumbfounded at the genius engineer, nearly hitting his head on the hood of the car as he stands upright.
With Nat left in Legal working closely with Miss Potts instead since Tony hadn’t taken the honeypot bait, they were reduced to old fashioned snooping to find out the reasons behind Tony’s recent erratic behavior. Donating away his entire modern art collection, making Pepper CEO with little preparation… It all spoke of something else going on behind the scenes.
At the end of it, what Steve got out of the explanation was that The Little Mermaid was a true story, except vastly changed. The mermaid, called Macy, not Disney’s Ariel apparently, had been very small and had allowed herself to be discovered by a prince because she was so curious about humans, otherwise known as two-legs to merpeople. The whole mute part of the story was apparently because the merpeople didn’t communicate by audible speech. The prince and Macy fell in love and they both decided to be together in the sea.
, even though the look in his eyes indicated that he didn’t buy Tony’s nonchalance.
“They let the Winter Soldier out to run missions so I remember some things. A lot of useless late night television programs. And you know I shook off the brainwashing fast. I’m just that quick,” Bucky said with a smirk.
“They were lies. People shouldn’t talk about you like that,” Steve said in a flare of temper, only quieting down when he noticed someone sending him a startled look over Tony’s shoulder.
It was a little flattering to know that he still got it, but most of the time, Tony found this kind of attention irritating. Heat was just a regular part of life, something that came upon all Omegas every quarter. That shouldn’t make them more interesting. Tony was interesting
Tony grinned. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I had a Courting Ceremony and everything, and tied the knot with an Alpha. I’m a good ole regular Omega.”
By the time Steve stepped out of the shower stall, he was feeling distinctly waterlogged and not terribly calmed from his shower. He wiped the condensation off the mirror with a towel and stared into it.
In moments of lucidity, they ate, bathed, slept, and started it all up again.
“Amber is not going anywhere near any battle,” Tony said firmly. “She’s too small. What if someone harmed her?”
“I didn’t want to be so obvious, but not the point,” Tony said as he tried to remember back to that day and what he did.
“You only say that because he likes
“I’m pretty sure that’s still on your same floor, buddy,” Tony said with a cough, trying to hide his laughter but doing a poor job of it.
You know.
“M’Baku has joined the mud-wrestling contest and Nakia is suggesting we change his mind about his so-called Jabari customs,” T’Challa said, sounding amused through his mask.
“Yes, he can be quite observant sometimes. But quite blind too.”
Steve wanted nothing more than to lean forward and press his lips to where his thumb was stroking, but he wanted Tony to be very sure about Steve’s position in this. He pulled back and Tony seemed to lean forward, following his retreating hand, which made Steve’s heart skip a beat in joy.
Obie, Tony had called him. Even after everything that had happened, he had used what was obviously a nickname for his godfather.
Suddenly, a familiar figure climbed onto stage. Steve gaped.
“Sounds gauche,” Alexandre said with an elegant shrug. “We put a lot of importance on the ability to provide and on the personal strength to pass on a strong line.”
“We still need to talk,” Steve murmured.
# # # # # #
Tony sounded genuinely surprised that he wasn’t somehow able to consider every possible type of technology a week into his research on human tech.
He had been sipping on his glass of milk while he worked, and he once more reached for said glass. When he tipped the glass to his mouth, he knew immediately something was wrong but it was too late.
Steve shook his head and said, “You don’t have to pay me in pearls, I’m sure you’re not going to cost me this much.”
“No, he’s not,” Steve said with a laugh, reaching up to brush Tony’s messy hair down before kissing him on his temple.
“Lower me down, I want to see,” Tony demanded.
Steve nodded. “I understand, Tony.”
But that changed over time and the sketches did too. The early sketches of Tony were all arrogant smirks and angry frowns. These slowly evolved into sketches where Tony was quiet, still, laughing in pure joy with an arm around Rhodes, mock scolding DUM-E with an affectionate grin on his lips. There were pages and pages dedicated to his eyes, bright and lively and never good enough on paper, always missing something essential that Steve could see in real life but couldn’t come close to depicting. He painstakingly drew every single provocative eyelash around those dark mesmerising eyes, drew every single line on Tony’s infuriatingly handsome face, but never came close to being satisfied with the results.
And so he did.
“But I was hoping you would come over because of it,” Steve insisted, stubborn to the end.
Don’t blush, don’t blush, oh no, curse his pale complexion.
You couldn’t make them stay even if you wanted to own one.”
In moments of lucidity, they lay side-by-side, staring at each other.
But Steve wanted something more.
Pressing forward until Tony’s back was against the wall, Steve nosed at Tony’s cheek, drawing a line of hot breath down the side of his face until he was buried in Tony’s neck. Tony tipped his head to the side, allowing him access.
Tony’s mouth fell open, breaking their gaze to stare down at where his collar was parted, button no longer even on the bed. It was a casual display of complete control over his strength.
Then surprisingly, Tony started sniffing around Bucky, even nosing at Bucky’s shoes and shins. Steve tensed at that, watching them closely. Trying to keep his body language relaxed and calm, Bucky was nonetheless prepared to receive a scratch or even a bite, based on how things were the last time he saw Tony.
Steve and Tony shed a couple tears as well as they exchanged their wedding vows and wore the wedding necklaces that matched their engagement bracelets in color and scent. They twined their fingers together and swore to be together to the end of their lives.
When Steve had started nesting subconsciously, moving favorite soft pillows from the living room into the bedroom without much thought, Tony had picked up on it immediately. So he had bought new silk bedsheets in red, blue and white. He had tried to pass it off as a joke when Steve had frowned down at it, but Steve had recognized that hint of panic in Tony’s eyes. He was at a loss.
Which was when Tony found the dragon under his couch.
Tony tipped to the side a little and pulled Steve’s hand out from between his tail and the couch cushion. He smiled and held Steve’s hand.
Tony cried out, jerked and shook as his hips rolled with desperation, as he fucked himself back on Steve’s magnificent cock. His body pulsed and squeezed around Steve, his own cock surging and shooting come. He pressed into Steve’s teeth, keened as he felt Steve suck and lave at his bond mark, felt his body shudder and jerk as he came again on Steve’s cock.
“I’ll flirt if I want to,” Tony shot back, before turning to Steve, examining his face. “Look, you’re too worried over what’s essentially a friendly meet up. How about we fly ahead instead?”
Tony preened, flipping his gleaming tail with pride. Then he frowned up at Steve.
Now, the two of them had taken to napping together. Right at that moment, Steve was lying on his side, sprawled out against the cool marble floor. Tony was lying on top of Steve’s side, eyes closed but paws kneading continuously into Steve’s thick gold fur. It was very, very cute and they looked extremely comfortable together. Which didn’t really make sense considering how they were still at odds with each other.
Tony pushed himself up on the edge of his glass, waving a hand at Steve with a thundercloud of a frown on his small face. He was flushed, mouth open in shock and annoyance. Reluctantly, Steve stuck his finger out to receive his scolding.
“I…cannot say for sure, Captain. My systems seem to have been tampered with,” JARVIS said with a note of worry.
Steve washed his hands and wiped them off before heading into the living room. Whatever Tony was working on, it seemed to be getting to a crucial state since Tony was getting more and more absorbed in his work, skipping on sleep and spending longer hours at his fabrication units, waving his hands at DUM-E and U.
“But you can fix anything.”
“What...what even— Why?” Steve said, rather incoherently. “Why do you— Did I do something that made you—?”
Vision smiled down at her. “But you know that I will recognize you no matter what mask you’re wearing.”
Nat’s smile was razor-sharp with amusement. “Well, when Pepper introduced me to him, he barely glanced at me. He was too busy grilling Pepper about this hot blond hunk of a new hire in the advertising department.”
“You know... Obie was a terrible person. And he’s to blame for a lot of things, many of which I didn’t find out about until right before he died or well after. But surprisingly, he isn’t to blame for the pictures being leaked out,” Tony said.
“What a sight,” Steve murmured, and touched his index finger lightly against Tony’s behind.
Steve was still struggling not to combust with embarrassment as he watched Tony reached up and touch the glowing disc in his chest. Tony closed his eyes, a tiny furrow appearing on his brow. That was when Steve realized that it was usually a glowing circle on Tony’s chest, not an entire glowing disc. When did the disc replace the circle?
Then he held Steve’s cock upright and sat on it, his hole easily sliding down the large cock after hours — days? — of fucking. Tony groaned and shuddered at the thick length filling him up, filling him up to the brim. He rocked back, fucking himself on Steve’s cock, because that cock was his, all his to use, only for Tony’s pleasure, for Tony to kiss and suck and ride and fuck himself on.
Tony said with a shrug.
Steve bent his head, coming closer, and Tony lifted up, lips parting for a kiss. But at the last moment, Steve touched the tip of his nose to Tony’s cheekbone instead. He breathed in, deep and slow, before drawing his nose down Tony’s cheek, down to the edge of his jaw. Steve traced Tony’s jawline, breathing in steadily the whole while, scenting him as he went.
and blast repulsors and basically, defy the laws of physics. Iron Man was amazing, just as amazing as Tony was.
For some reason, Tony’s close proximity, the way he looked at Steve with worry, the way Steve could practically count his ridiculous lower lashes…
“Yes, it’s a most beautiful and rare Asgardian flying snake.”
So as not to be recognized, Tony had changed out of his provocative waistcoat and was wearing a sleek black suit with an open-collared platinum gold shirt, no tie. That was probably for the best, since the earlier outfit with so much skin on show had a negative effect on Steve’s working brain cells. If Steve had to dance while touching Tony’s bare shoulders...he had to stop thinking about that just so he could remember how to breathe again. Tony also had on a black jester’s mask, with a big painted smile and gold curlicues as extravagant eyelashes.
“I was only gone for an hour!” Wong complained bitterly, looking around at the rubble and quiet streets thankfully empty of people.
Bucky walked into the living room, towelling his hair dry. “Hey, what’s— Uh oh.”
,” Tony said with a huff before continuing. “Anyway, three days before the Courting Ceremony,  I caught Ty with another Omega. Apparently, it had been going on for some time as well. Oh, the bullshit he spewed to try to make it my fault… I grew a spine and tried to cancel my Courting Ceremony, but Obie was persuasive. He kept pushing for Howard to go ahead with it, insisted that it was only proper, that this was how old money did things. I don’t know if you ever knew this, but Howard isn’t from a rich family; he built his empire from the ground up and, ironically, was ashamed of it. He pretended to be born rich all the time and cared a lot about behaving like old money.”
Both hands were on his ass again and his cheeks were spread wider, revealing him to the cool air. A finger pressed against his hole, but this time, it pressed in and in. Tony opened up for him, relaxed as much as he could, but he didn’t have to worry because he was so wet and slippery that Steve’s finger slid right in. Steve held him open with one hand and slipped two fingers into him, moving in slow, coaxing thrusts as Tony’s body eased the way with more natural lubrication, pulsed its shameless lust.
“I don’t think anyone can call you a regular anything,” Steve said fondly, stroking behind Tony’s ear.
But Steve’s shield was already slicing through the air and it slammed into the attacker’s shoulder with enough force to send him toppling over. He was out for the count by the time he hit the ground.
The approach of it was also unsettling. There were no discussions, no warmth during the gift presentation. No one declared their intentions when they presented the gifts, be it an interest in a trial courtship or a devoted intention for a marriage. It was all taken for granted, like this was just a game.
Steve couldn’t keep his eyes off Tony, didn’t even care about the audience. So when Tony turned to face him, Steve could see the moment Tony shed his public mask and gave him a soft look, just for him. “Want to get out of here?” Tony asked hopefully.
“I just can’t believe this is real.”
Bucky wasn’t worried about it. It was just...weird.
Oh fuck, no, he couldn’t do this, he had made a bad mistake, why did he think this was a good idea? He couldn’t compete with anyone, he was carrying an oversized handmade box, what the hell was he
“I won’t need to cheat to recognize you.”
Tony shrugged. “I can make Iron Man in my workshop. Earrings aren’t exactly beyond my capabilities.” Never mind that he had made over twenty pairs before he deemed these ones perfect. Steve didn’t need to know about
Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, lined themselves up and pulled Steve down. He arched and moaned, because yes, that, that hard cock in him, he needed it, he needed the bulging knot and the come, all the come…
And before him...was Tony.
Steve lurched into motion, grabbing the two discs and practically throwing himself back towards the couch, his arms outstretched. Calmly, Tony reached up and removed the dull disc in his chest.
For a brief moment, Tony was just silent, staring up at Steve contemplatively. Then he said,
“Wow, it’s amazing,” Tony breathed, even getting off the stool to admire it from a few different angles. Steve's gaze haplessly followed Tony's form, unable to stop looking at Tony's bare shoulders revealed by the shirtless waistcoat ensemble. When Tony walked around the box, Steve had to frantically think about cold showers and Red Skull's face. The waistcoat was cut low in the back and Tony's bare shoulder blades were right there in front of him and he wanted to lick them, to trace the dip of Tony's spine.
His eyes would catch on a particularly elegant mask and think, “That’s because of me.”
“S.H.I.E.L.D. wants to know what’s the cause of your recent unusual behavior,” Steve admitted, feeling calm for the first time since Tony had walked through the door, finally settling down now that he didn’t have to make up bullshit excuses. “And I’m going to guess it’s got something to do with the black lines creeping up your neck.”
Steve sighed. “Thanks, Rhodes.”
Now, Steve could feel Tony holding his hand in return, like he needed the support. Steve squeezed his hand, hopeful that it felt reassuring.
He reached up and tugged Tony’s open collar to the side, revealing the unhealthy looking dark web-like pattern crawling up his skin. He was surprised Tony allowed him to do that, even tilting his head to the side a little as if to grant Steve a better look. Boldly, brave in a way that Steve hadn’t been since he had assumed a false identity within S.I., Steve brushed his thumb against the dark lines, feeling Tony’s fluttering pulse. He watched as Tony swallowed, lashes lowering briefly, before dark eyes fixed on him again. For the first time in days, he felt completely fine being
Steve tipped his hand a little so Tony rocked back, legs falling open to reveal a visible bump in the line of his tiny well-fitted jeans. The flush across Tony’s cheeks deepened.
“Tony is holding a Courting Ceremony,” Steve said, his voice coming out strangely flat. He didn’t recognize his own tone, his mind too roiled up to pay attention to what he was actually saying.
Before he had come to any firm conclusion, there was a short announcement from Happy calling everyone back into the hall for the final moment of the Courting Ceremony: Tony’s choice.
One day, Steve came home from getting supplies and nearly leapt out of his skin when a smooth voice with a British accent said, “Good afternoon, Sir.”
They spent the afternoon making out like teenagers, before ordering dinner in. While they sat at the couch waiting for their pizza delivery, Steve noticed with some amusement that Tony held onto his wrist when they talked, even though they didn’t need skin contact to communicate anymore. It seemed like old habits die hard and Steve enjoyed the physical touch anyway. He knew with time, Tony would probably stop doing this, especially when he had both hands deep in the guts of some machine and realized he could talk to Steve without having to stop what he was doing.
# # #
“I’m hallucinating,” Steve wondered aloud. “Maybe it’s a heat stroke.” Never mind that it wasn’t possible for him to get heat stroke.
# # #
He turned his head, breathing in Steve’s musk and finally started mouthing at the hard erection presented in front of him. Steve’s mouth was a deadly weapon and he had Tony so distracted that he was hardly holding up his side of their position. Tony kissed up the thick vein on Steve’s hard cock, kissed until he sucked the plummy head into his mouth. Steve buried a groan into Tony’s ass before licking in again, causing Tony to hum in pleasure around his mouthful.
Steve’s urge to leap onto the stage again was interrupted by Happy saying, “Alright, tone it down. What’s your gift?”
He was about to stammer out an apology, feeling overheated from all the blushing he was doing today, when Tony’s face drew closer and closer, and suddenly…
But then the stunned look in Steve’s blue eyes morphed slowly into admiration, his lips turning up as well. “You’re really something, you know that right?”
Everyone else seemed to notice, everyone but Steve. People were perking up around Tony, smiled at him more and seemed barely able to take their eyes off him once he was within sniffing distance. The unbonded Alphas especially lifted their heads like bloodhounds when he walked into the room and were keenly interested in every word he said. Hell, even some of the people with bonds, Alphas, Betas and Omegas alike, paid Tony more attention.
“Genius doesn’t stop for reminders,” Tony informed him with a sniff, taking the empty chair beside him. He leaned over to the other side and gave Rhodey a cheek rub too.
Steve felt a light touch against his shoulder and he turned to see Tony, back in his merman form with his brilliant red and gold scales. He looked down and was glad to see the glowing arc reactor was in place in Tony’s chest to replace the one sacrificed for the spell.
“I assume it was the stove,” Tony, somewhat unnecessarily, adds. His voice is still impossibly chipper but there is an edge to his tone, just brushing the line of anxious, and Steve can feel the icy weight of serious worry pooling in his gut. There are few things that scare him but Tony losing his cool is one of them. It means things are gonna go really south really fast. He swallows.
Bucky’s eyebrows went up. “They still fought him?”
Tony reached up and touched Steve’s wrist. The metal gauntlet curling around his wrist was surprisingly gentle as Tony carefully pulled his hand down. For all the destructive power behind the Iron Man suit, it could be wielded with a shocking level of delicacy and restraint.
Steve grinned, darted in for a kiss against Tony’s cheek and then dived deeper down, swimming away.
Steve shook his head, trying to clear his mind. It would be much too forward a move for someone he wasn’t in a Courtship with. And it would give off the wrong impression that he was only after Tony for sex.
Carding his hands through Steve’s entirely mussed hair, Tony said softly, “I accept your suit. We can begin our courtship.”
The next person was a nervous woman who started with, “I don’t have money for anything fancy…”
They arrived in New York through a golden portal to a gigantic mess. A really fucking gigantic mess.
Steve shook his head and smiled. “You’re so strange sometimes.”
Now it was Tony’s turn to frown. “Your fault? No, Steve, it isn’t. I’m just being petty here, leave me a moment of pettiness.”
His fears were assuaged a little when Tony soon asked to be scooped out of his tank with his glass again and to sit at the desk, holding onto Steve’s finger so he could chatter at him directly. Steve felt warmed at the idea that Tony wasn’t giving up direct communication between them yet.
Doctor Strange took Steve, Natasha and Sam ahead to New York through that magic gold ring thing. It was like something straight out of a fantasy novel. Then he had apparently gone to fetch Vision and Wanda, leaving another sorcerer by the name of Wong to convince Wakanda that their involvement was critical.
“Oohh, shit, don’t tell me you still haven’t learned how to dance?” Bucky demanded.
Steve blinked, confused. He opened his mouth and shut it again. Then he realized that Tony couldn’t see his reaction and finally tried, “What...what does that have to do with your Courting Ceremony?”
# # #
“We can’t kill Loki the next time we see him, because we need him to restore you back to normal,” Steve pointed out reasonably.
Shaking his head, Tony laughed. “You smooth operator, you. Get out of here.”
“They look beautiful together.”
Then Steve’s eyes widened in surprise as he realized that he wasn’t
“He really went all out,” Natasha commented as she stepped out of the car.
Tony shook his head. “I should have known that I couldn’t fool a supersoldier with enhanced senses by just putting on a mask.”
The flow of gifts continued for another half an hour, but Tony wasn’t as vivacious as he was for the remainder of the suitors. He seemed a little distracted, looking through his audience instead of at them. When the last suitor had finally deposited their gift, Tony stood up again to address the crowd.
There was a gust of wind as the domed ceiling opened. Lightning cracked through the night sky, followed by a loud rumble of thunder, and all of a sudden, Thor landed on the stage from above with resounding impact, his red cape swirling behind him. Happy almost fell off his feet, but Tony held on to his stool, keeping his balance through long practice. This wasn’t the first time he'd experienced Thor’s dramatic entrances.
Then he hooked his arm around Steve’s elbow and they walked away together.
Steve opened his mouth, shut it, and then opened his mouth again. He whispered, “I do a lot of zumba?”
“Come on, maybe we can try some last minute lessons here,” Bucky said, sounding resigned, his usually soothing Beta scent souring with a hint of anxiety. “Now, move, come on, you go. Yeah, count it, one, two three, one, two,
Tony jumped to grip the side of the box and tried to pull himself out, almost tipping the whole box over instead. Holding the box steady, Steve offered Tony a hand which Tony promptly stepped on imperiously. When Steve lowered his hand closer to the top of the workbench, Tony jumped off his hand.
Tony ventured.
“Your scent, Your Highness.”
So Tony dragged his feet all the way to the penthouse suite and flopped onto the couch, sighing loud enough for Steve to hear from the kitchen.
“There’s maybe two bouquets in this whole room,” Steve pointed out with a laugh. “It’s okay to feel moved by their wedding ceremony, Tony. It was very sweet. I’ve got a handkerchief if you want to cry a little more.”
the serum. There was nothing amazing or impressive about him, beyond what the serum had granted him. Other than his stubbornness and unflagging urge to fight against all odds, there was nothing else he brought to the table from before the serum.
Thank you so much to Coaster for the amazing beta-reading work! You have my eternal gratitude!
“You shouldn’t have tried it unless you were more sure,” Steve said, horrified at the idea that it could have all gone horribly wrong.
The box rattled in Thor’s light grip, and a loud hissing could be heard from inside.
“It’s the latest fashion, an idea we’ve picked up from the Wakandans, although they don’t call it Scentears,” Lee said with genuine excitement. He started explaining to Steve, “The original Wakandan earrings are made from a special Jabari wood imbued with scents, but obviously we’ve no access to such special wood. What we do here instead is make these earrings with tiny little globes that sit behind the lobes. The little globes contain scents, to better enhance those sweet spots behind our ears. We have a whole range of beautiful earrings
# # # # # #
Tony was thoroughly dejected by the time they got back to the tower. He seemed to have really been fascinated by the dragons, even getting close enough to touch one of the smaller ones, eyes widening and mouth falling open in an expressive O when he laid hands on their scales. Steve had been tense and stiff the entire time, because even a small dragon could sink sharp teeth or breathe fire onto people. But Tony had walked away with no injuries, only looking dazed and even more enraptured over dragons.
“Arrogant asshole always choosing a late grand entrance,” Tony muttered into his communicator.
“Do you think he’ll agree to come back?” Steve asked, hopeful.
“I learned from the best,” Steve said.
“Uh oh, that’s Steve’s ‘I’m about to do something stupid’ face,” Bucky said, emphasizing his point by jabbing a finger in the direction of Steve’s set jaw and determined expression.
Tony reached up to his ear, touching the Scentears’ globe behind his earlobe before flicking the DUM-E earring so he could feel the little arm move up and down. He never failed to get a thrill out of that, and from the way Steve’s eyes followed his movements with that little smile on his face, he enjoyed Tony’s enjoyment.
To Steve’s surprise, Bucky’s words did actually thaw out the fear and anxiety that had hardened into a freezing ice block in Steve’s chest. And Bucky’s Beta scent was just a relentless wave of comfort and confidence. Steve took a deep breath of it and pulled Bucky in for a hug. Bucky held him close, pressed Steve’s face to his neck to get more of the calming scent, and thumped Steve on the back a few times.
M’Baku smirked and walked away with the air of a cat who got the canary and was going to enjoy licking every inch of it.
Tony arched sharply, curling his arm around Steve’s pinkie and pushing forward into Steve’s gloved palm before pushing back hard into the pen, over and over again in frantic motion. His body tensed, backside visibly clenching and unclenching repeatedly until he spent himself, body shuddering as his movements slowed.
Tony was tapping a rhythmic beat against Steve’s wrist, not meeting his gaze for the moment. Steve asked with some worry, “Is there something wrong?”
“What? What is it?” Steve asked, suddenly going on alert.
“I’m already on the bed,” Steve said, because he couldn’t help teasing as he gestured at where he was sitting at the foot of the bed.
When they parted, Steve spoke with affection in his voice, “Which means F.R.I.D.A.Y. must have reminded you about this appointment every five minutes for an hour while you kept on ignoring her.”
“I wasn’t aware,” Steve said, although a lot of things made more sense now. But it hardly made him feel better. “So you want Tony to join the three of you.”
Tony asked through their team channel, “Has anyone reached the wizard yet?”
Stark lightly touched Steve’s hand with two fingers, which really, it was just two fingers, why was Steve holding his breath? “Hmm… If you say so.” Those dark eyes were so intense when they looked up at Steve that it was hard for Steve to remember to breathe again. Then Stark continued, “But your shirt is all ruined anyway. I don’t think you can go back to work like this.”
“Yeah, she was. Only one to accept your Courting gift even though it was weird as hell,” Bucky said.
Fury and Tony continued staring at each other for a moment longer, before they both nodded reluctantly at each other.
Steve was surprised by that, but before he could say anything, Tony continued, “I’m going to turn off your voice modulator, it’s driving me crazy expecting to hear your voice and getting this weird not-you voice.”
“How could you even say that?” Steve asked, his voice hoarse.
“Did you bring any..?”
Steve looked at him, looked down his body in sheer awe. Tony had done it. He had created a power source that could power his size changes without require blood and flesh sacrifices.
“That’s going to be impossible,” Steve replied immediately, lifting his finger away in surprise.
“Thank you,” Steve replied, a little faintly. It was kind of nice how much Tony clearly cared, even about little nobodys in his company. “I’m really fine though.”
“Alright, uh, as I said earlier, now it’s time for a masquerade,” Tony said, glancing around without really settling on anything. “Everyone will be given masks, but I’ll only be dancing with suitors I have accepted gifts from. Suitors, your bands will continue to issue instructions. But feel free to dance with anyone you like otherwise. Now, let’s turn up the volume in here, F.R.I.D.A.Y..”
Finally the town is in sight and they both hurry their pace, drawn by the tantalizing promise of air conditioning and civilization. Tony spots a convenience store and very nearly whoops with delight, jogging towards it with Steve right behind him.
# # #
There was a moment of stunned silence, the wide space packed full of people completely still as they took this all in.
. “You did...more than fine.”
“Let’s go for a ride,” Tony said through the helmet. Distantly, Steve noted that the crowd was clapping thunderously and wolf-whistling at them. Somewhere in this large crowd, his friends must be going crazy with excitement. Steve felt almost euphoric with happiness as he looked around the cheering audience and then at that familiar gold faceplate from up-close.
Tony’s hand on Steve’s hip squeezed reflexively.
The brush of cold air as soon as they step inside is
And even if he was, Steve was pretty sure he could take him. Even if John Oliver was smart and funny, all the things Tony liked. But Steve could take him. He was sure of it.
“Sorry, I got caught up in something,” he announced as he bent down and rubbed his cheek against Steve’s. That earned him long fingers curving around the nape of his neck and Steve pressing his cheek back for a slow indulgent moment.
Tony paused in his idle patting of Steve’s abs. “I didn’t say that outloud.” He wasn’t sure if he had actually, but he preferred to start with denial first.
It was ostentatious. It was Tony Stark putting on a show.
“It’s better that we got kicked out then,” Bucky said between chuckles. “Otherwise who knows what horrible scent you would have made for Tony.”
# # #
“I’m taking that as a tentative ‘yes’,” Tony said, nanites pouring out from beneath his jacket to form his armor.
It didn’t help that he couldn’t seem to stop thinking, ‘Gosh, he’s so cute’ over and over again, which probably meant his common sense was at an all time low at this point. But the little half-fish-person really was incredibly cute, with his small frowning face and his tiny hands.
# # # # # #
Tony sniffed, flapping his tail once so that the fins gently slapped Steve’s wrist dismissively.
Tony watched with interest from his glass as Steve set up an aquarium in the middle of the living room, with a new stand he had bought just for it.
M’Baku walked forward in a languorous prowl, like he was hunting prey that he knew was already his. It made the back of Steve’s neck prickle, like his hackles wanted to stand up, like he wanted to growl at M’Baku and get him to back off.
Suddenly, Steve stopped and turned to the journalist who had called out that last question. It was unusual for any one of the Avengers to stop for questions from the press, so immediately, several cameras turned his way. Steve smiled, summoning a good all-American grin that he used to wear for the USOs and directed it at the journalists and photographers. Camera flashes went off by the dozens.
.  But he couldn’t resist the idea of confronting and taking out two hapless Avengers supposedly stranded in the middle of nowhere with no weapons or back-up. The plan worked.”
Tony was the one who should thank him, but he had no capacity to say so. All his clever words evaporated in the heat of pleasure as he felt Steve take him over, run him through with bright sensation over and over again. He could feel his body cresting, crescendoing in the bright song of want and love and desire as his body hummed with pleasure, squeezed down on Steve who felt like he was getting bigger, or maybe Tony was getting tighter, or maybe it was both as…
Steve would protest except Sam was right, he had no idea what Dollar Tree was. For the most part, Steve was very well-versed with the modern world, but there were some minor references that he didn’t get. From context, Dollar Tree was probably a place where he could buy gifts for cheap. Either that, or it was a tree consisting of dollars. He would find out through Google later.
And through his haze of grasping want, Tony realized that Steve wasn’t as in control as he might have seemed. That he was dancing on the edge as well.
It was stupid advice that did nothing to solve Steve’s problem, but it was delivered in Bucky’s matter of fact way that was so familiar by now. Somehow, the lack of comforting and soothing words actually comforted and soothed Steve’s anxiety.
Tony groaned, rocking backwards on Steve’s fingers. “I’m drenched, you asshole. Please, Steve, please…”
much even though he’ll probably agree to most things Tony offers. Within reason.
A very, very small person.
Normally, Tony on a roll would be hard to ignore. It wasn’t that his volume went up, because Tony rarely raised his voice, even when he was furious. But it was the way he would emphasize his words, how his hands jabbed at the air, dark eyes snapping with emotion. Tony on an angry rant was someone who commanded attention regardless of what anyone else was doing.
The creature nodded before frowning.
Fury’s eyebrows went up at that last bit and Steve had to struggle not to blush. He had no doubts Fury was recording this conversation and that Nat would get hold of it at some point. He would never hear the end of this from her.
“I want to make the world a better place,” Tony said with a smile, before his eyes brightened with mischief. “And I want to talk to you about the Avengers initiative.”
“I know it’s a secret, I won’t tell anyone,” Tony said in earnest, still looking worried at Steve’s reaction.
“You’re up next, birdbrain. I need to rest my little toe,” Bucky called out and gestured at a guy with a red mask, presumably Sam.
“Bye, Kev,” Tony said airily and started making for the exit with Steve in tow.
weren’t going back for awhile? Wait, you weren’t sure it would work.”
“Thank you for the gift, Tony,” he whispered.
It was making the back of Steve’s neck heat up. He ignored it to mumble, “It’s okay, I’m used to it.”
Tony nodded. “Right again.”
He was underwater, quite a distance from the surface, and when he looked around, it was mainly just blue water all around him. Did it work? Did he—
Of course it wasn’t.
“I’m here as a suitor,” Thor announced proudly.
The disc was about an inch thick but when it came out from Tony’s chest, there was no hole or indentation where the disc should have sat. It must have been magic. Steve stared with alarm at the inert blue circle on Tony’s chest that was also dull and no longer glowing. Without any hesitation, Tony picked up one of the discs from Steve’s hand and inserted it into his chest. Somehow, it pressed
Tony gave Steve a smug stare from his position on the table, while Steve was forced to stay seated on the floor. Bucky thought he saw Steve rolling his eyes, something he didn’t even know dogs could do.
“People were hung up about knotting inside an Omega for the first time during heat,” Bucky corrected, looking at Steve with a telltale smirk. “Not sex in general, but knotting.”
On one hand, why didn’t Tony ever say anything to him? On the other hand, Steve never said anything either. He knew why he hadn’t, had been enjoying the feeling of someone who didn’t treat him like Captain America rather than just regular Steve Rogers. He didn’t think Tony would treat him any differently if Steve had told him he was a supersoldier from a science experiment in the 40s and had been frozen in the ice for decades, that Tony was probably learning about the modern world at greater speed than Steve had been. But at the same time, he had been reluctant to broach the subject, to change their status quo.
so you could teach me how to dance?”
Smiling, Steve said, “I think watching you get off is going to be enough this time. What do you want, Tony?”
He lightly tapped a short staccato beat against the lips of Steve’s mask and hummed with satisfaction. Just the feeling of Tony’s fingers so close to his mouth, even through the barrier of a mask, was enough to make Steve’s lips tingle, to wish the mask hadn’t been there at all. Steve realized that must be why Tony wasn’t recognized by his voice as well, he must have had the modulator on earlier.
When Tony’s tongue flicked against his own lips, Steve opened his mouth and learned the taste of Tony’s saliva, lips, tongue, mouth. It was breathtaking. This was Tony. He was kissing
She was a small dragon, smaller than the smallest one that they had seen flying around outside. Maybe she had hidden right from the start, because Steve never saw her, not until the moment he heard Tony gasp and he had come running out of the kitchen to see Tony with a dragon the size of a large cat curled up in his arms.
Tony said with quite a lot of cheer.
Tony was paying avid attention to Steve’s hands, like watching would make the parcel be opened faster.
That got everyone else’s attention. They all stared at Steve in worry, which did not help his tripping heart and clammy hands.
Even though Tony was riding in the plastic bag, Steve could practically feel his excitement thrumming through when they reached his house. It was located only ten minutes away on foot from the beach but Steve had kept one hand cradled around the plastic bag for the entire trip, to try to block his little strange parcel from sight even though he didn’t see anyone on his way back.
Unfortunately, Steve hadn’t accepted Tony’s offer to make his uniform out of nanites too, so he was stuck wearing the clothes he had on for their date. Fortunately, he had brought his shield along anyway, as he always did. He lifted it out of its case and held it at the ready.
He was slightly taken aback but replied, “Yes, but...uh what? How did you know?”
Natasha’s voice emits from the concealed communicator sewn into Steve’s shirt collar, “We had no choice; Thanos evaded SHIELD and kept tabs on us all
was just a step too far. Steve felt like he had lost his mind.
Tony grumbled as he gave up his pretence and dabbed at the corner of his eyes with his fingers, “Who carries around handkerchiefs anymore? And wait until Bucky and Sam get married. I want to see how stoic you’ll be then.”
“Because he’s together with me?” T’Challa asked, unsurprised.
Tony said, widening his eyes in a way that Steve knew right away was him trying to look cute, and damnit, he did look very cute. Steve tried to hold strong against the concentrated amount of adorableness in those big brown eyes set in a small pointed face.
“You’re right. Usually I would hate it. I’m sorry, Steve, I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” Tony said, shaking his head. “I just felt...so angry. And like you didn’t care. That you weren’t interested in me.”
Tony felt the moment Steve saw and recognized him, the way his forearm tightened behind Tony’s back. Steve always had an eye for faces and it was clear that he remembered this one from the Courting Ceremony. It was a handsome face, objectively, with angular features and longish blond hair slicked back from chilly blue eyes. If one didn’t know the viper coiled within, he might even be attractive. Maybe.
Steve trotted after Tony only to earn another hiss from him. Not that it was enough to deter Steve. Now, Steve stuck to Tony’s side as they both explored the hall. Bucky watched in amusement as the two pretended to ignore each other while moving around the hall at each other’s side. Occasionally, Tony’s curiosity seemed to get the better of him and he would move to explore in more detail, wanting to stick his little face into nooks and crannies. But Steve would let out that loud echoing bark which would make Tony stalk away, looking affronted.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, hopeless and lost and pointless, but Steve knew what he meant, knew what he wanted.
“There we go,” Bucky said, clapping Steve on the shoulder before collapsing on the couch dramatically. “Always knew I could rely on you, buddy.”
“And what do you think?” Tony asked, almost challenging.
Tony’s lips turn down, feeling a faint niggle of suspicion at the back of his mind. Maybe it’s nothing, maybe he’s just spent too long with far too many enemies and a simple convenience store without a clerk and phone service is making him paranoid.
Tony leaned into Steve’s hold and was going to say something suitably flirty back when he caught sight of the last person he ever expected to see at Rhodey’s wedding.
Steve knew Tony was deflecting, but he decided to let it go. 78% confidence was higher than some of the risks Steve had taken in his life.
“Tony... Tony, that’s crazy,” Steve said, but he was smiling and he knew his smile must be visible in his voice or eyes somehow, because he felt Tony relax, saw his nervous attempt to brazen through being caught out turn into smug satisfaction.
“It was just a crack,” Steve mumbled, still looking at the television.
He turned his head fully, mouth falling open as he stared in wordless shock.
In less than a minute, Steve made short work of Tony’s pants even as Tony made no effort to help at all. His hands just wandered over Steve’s wide shoulders, traced down his stunning back, pinched at pebbled rosy nipples. It was lovely. Steve was lovely. Everything was just...lovely.
“Yes, it helps build up my strength,” Steve said, trying to keep a straight face.
“Alphas,” Natasha said with an eyeroll.
“Tony, yes!” Tony said, leaning over to brush a kiss against Steve’s cheek before the nanites formed the Iron Man helmet over his face.
Tony had managed to hide behind a wide pillar and the bulky briefcase he had been holding earlier was open on the floor beside him.
“Isn’t there another session after this break?” Steve asked, hustling so that he could walk by Tony’s side.
Steve had always wanted more. But he was always too afraid to take the first step, fearing rejection. The last few months, hell, the last few
Steve made a face. “‘Tying the knot’ was old-fashioned even back in my day. And
“Sorry, Caplet, I don’t know why she hasn’t warmed up to you yet. If you set the drink on the table, I’ll get it myself,” Tony said apologetically.
“I’m fine, don’t fuss,” Tony said huffily, not looking Steve in the eye, but not letting go of his finger either.
“Just accept it. This kind of thing just happens now,” Natasha said with a sigh.
And before Steve could tighten his hold on Tony’s hands, Tony had slipped out of his grasp and moved into the crowd of people around them. Steve stared after Tony, tracking his bobbing head and scent until he was finally lost among the people.
Steve stared at him, mouth slightly open. For a moment, Tony was worried. He hadn’t really even thought about hiding the truth behind what happened, not to Steve, but now he wondered if it was a good idea to reveal how he had basically distributed naked orgy photos of himself for the whole wide world to see.
“Let’s take Thanos’ car. The bomb is probably in it and no way am I leaving this with SHIELD,” Tony suggests, before asking Thor, “You can take it from here, big guy?”
“Do not worry, Captain. I’m sure Bruce will be interested in joining us now that Stark is funding the Avengers, with no involvement from S.H.I.E.L.D.,” Thor said from the other bench in the quinjet.
He found Tony curled up around a tiny wrench, lying on top of his tablet with his tail a graceful curve trailing onto the desk. Steve was about to pat Tony awake gently when Tony suddenly twitched violently, his head tossing from side to side in a frenzy. His whole body stuttered against the desk, stiffened, his tail arching as his little mouth fell open to emit a piercing whistle that drilled against Steve’s eardrums. Steve winced, forcing himself not to clap his hands against his ears.
Steve looked out over the expanse of blue sea, wondering if there were any D.E.R.P. units in this area. The Disposing Errant Rubbish Pronto units, a name that Tony refused to budge on, were little machines Tony had created to gather the trash in the ocean and deposit them into a floating garbage heap to be collected later. The world had been taken by a storm with Tony’s clean energy company and his aim to clean up the ocean within the decade.
“This okay?” Steve asked, wondering if he was moving too fast.
“Now you know,” Steve said quietly.
Before the lift’s doors closed, Stark suddenly grinned and said, “Call me Tony. Have a better rest of the day, big guy.”
Bucky turned to see Steve had abandoned his food as well and had wandered closer, but his ears were drooped and his tail was tucked a little between his legs. Bucky rolled his eyes.
The rest of the masquerade and dance portion of the evening passed in a daze. Steve didn’t suddenly dance any better, but he did feel like he was floating on cloud nine, and he was no longer stressed about how awkwardly he was dancing or whether he stepped on anyone’s feet. He just didn’t care if he danced badly or stepped on anyone really.
“Which means they cost too much already,” Sam muttered, grabbing another handful of Bucky’s popcorn.
# # #
Some of the gifts were a bit racy.
Tony rolled over onto his back, drawing Steve’s eyes to his semi-hard cock and parted thighs covered in smears of come, and demanded, “Come on me.”
Steve was suddenly painfully aware that Tony Stark was a hell of a lot more attractive in real life compared to the dozen of photos in S.H.I.E.L.D.’s dossier.
Steve forced himself to stop thinking about
Steve drew a deep breath, trying to take his advice. He forced his shoulders to drop and said, “It’s fine. I’m alright.”
“You look like you are being sent to your execution, and I can see that without even seeing your face,” T’Challa pointed out wryly. “Although on second thought, you would probably welcome that more than this dance it seems.”
soundproofing, which makes it ideal for when we need our privacy.”
the merman explained, almost matter-of-fact.
Tony turned from glaring at Yamato’s retreating back to hear Vicente droning on instead. “—who is my brother’s son. The celebration will be very splendid of course, over a thousand guests, many very important people. They’re sparing no expense for the celebration of Jim presenting as an Alpha. Did I mention Jim is their third Alpha son? Our line tends to run towards Alphas. Barely any Betas or Omegas in our family tree.”
Steve smiled. Of course Tony wouldn’t want his research time to be taken up by any travelling time. “It’s why I’ve ordered an Alltab. It’s a tablet that works under water.”
But Rhodes shot Doctor Strange a dirty look and only said, “Fix this.”
“Vicente, I have to say, I’ve no interest in a family that’s constantly popping out Alphas, mostly because for you to even reach that point, your family must have made a concerted effort. The kind of concerted effort that involves generations of inbreeding back among your ancestors.” Tony lifted a finger when Vicente’s face drained of color and set into lines of fury. He continued coldly, “Before you threaten to sue me or whatever stupid drivel you’re going to vomit up in faux righteous fury, just remember that none of that will stand up in court because it’ll be easy enough to find out from tracing your ancestral line. It’s not libel if it’s true.”
He gasped as strong arms swept around him, jerked him against a hard body. Steve’s arms and scent enveloped him, pulling him close as Steve buried his face in the side of Tony’s neck. Tony held stiff, too upset, not wanting to be comforted after the fact.
Smiling, Steve leaned forward and kissed Tony, cutting off any further teasing. Tony rather liked Steve’s new methods of persuasion.
The package was wrapped in gleaming green, with gold reindeers prancing across the shiny surface. A satin ribbon in matching gold was wrapped around the neat box and ended with a big pretty bow right on top. Stuck to the side of the box was a small card with beautiful cursive handwriting that only said, “
something more sinister. He’s spent too long with far too many enemies, after all. It’s not paranoia if they’re really out to get you.
He was rooted to the spot, staring at the mirror and feeling achingly inadequate.
The half-fish-person rolled his eyes, which didn’t seem like something a hallucination should do. It just looked so normal on a strange being like that. Steve finally figured out that the being was gesturing at Steve’s hand, like he wanted them to shake hands or something.
“You could have just asked me out for a dance,” Steve said, feeling a little bold, feeling his chest tighten in anticipation.
Steve stared at Tony. “Tony...what. What?” he spluttered. “How do you have a few million dollars? Oh no…
“I won’t. I won’t, I’m all yours,” Steve repeated, arching as Tony rubbed ruthlessly below the head of his cock, where he was sensitive.
The party had been filled with rich and beautiful people, and Steve hadn’t known a single one of them. Tony hadn’t turned up yet to his own party and Steve was mainly hiding in a corner scarfing down tiny hors d’oeuvres before big robots came crashing through the glass doors and tried to attack the guests. Steve had been forced to jump in and take the robots down quickly to keep the fleeing guests safe. It hadn’t been that hard to use the robots own weaponry on each other as they weren’t very sophisticated compared to Iron Man.
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked, wanting to fix it immediately.
Tony blinked, looking up with a questioning expression on his face.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve said, squaring his shoulders and looking up, chin lifted. “I’m here to court you.”
a two-leg?” Steve realized what this meant. “You’re talking about me. You don’t even know me. I don’t even know your name.”
Tony sighs dramatically, but slips a hand into Steve’s, deliberately looking away, taking a sip from his water bottle. Steve squeezes his hand and takes a sip of his own water. The sun’s a little hot and he’s pretty sure they’re going to have to stop for food soon. Tony always forgets even when there’s nothing around to distract him and it’s a nice day. The scenery is good too, if he can get Tony to stop complaining and concentrate on it.
There were a few whoops from the audience, and Tony pointed in those directions in approval.
“Good…point,” Steve conceded. Then he took a deep breath and looked at the camera on his laptop. “Thank you, F.R.I.D.A.Y.. If I do earn his favor, I’ll do my best to make him happy.”
He really wasn’t up for it.
The clean up and endless talks afterwards took ten times as long as the actual battle itself. Bucky was ready to retreat back to his hut and sleep for a month after this, but no, he had to follow everyone back to New York, because he was still the official Steve and Tony babysitter and they needed to be in New York while Doctor Strange figured out a fix for them. Now that the end of the world was no longer impending, he had the time to focus on restoring Iron Man and Captain America.
Then he fled.
“Third, I don’t take every single dare that Bucky and Sam makes.”
Deciding that he needed all the help he could get, Steve stepped forward into T’Challa’s arms.
Tony turned around and declared grimly to Steve, “I’m going to kill him.”
“Hey, Tony, I don’t mind,” Steve said, running a hand over Tony’s shoulder, leaning down to murmur, “It’s true after all. I am yours.”
Steve fished out the plastic bag indicated, which was a see-through plastic about twice Tony’s size. At the bottom of the bag, there lay five large pearls, lustrous white and perfectly round, each larger than Steve’s thumb. Tony was absurdly trusting to show this to the first human he talked to.
He couldn’t be more open about his feelings and he had done it on this stage, in front of so many people, where Tony might feel compelled to let him down gently, or might burst into confused laughter.
Steve stopped, feeling his jaw hurt from how much he was clenching his teeth, and the muscles of his back were all stiff from how badly he was holding himself.
That was what he kept telling himself. But if that hussy of an Omega didn’t take his paws off Steve right this second, Tony was going to blast him into space. Tony turned away from the sight of that beautiful young Omega, all riotous curly dark hair and fluttering long lashes, hovering over Steve and probably polluting the air around Steve with his scent.
“You got it, babe.”
. But not just Kenny. There were always young and sexy Omegas interested in Steve, because Steve was painfully attractive, eye-searingly gorgeous even, but worse than that: Steve was a genuinely good person. He was funny and wry and bad-tempered, and underneath it all, just so good. He had his pick of Omegas, all young and beautiful and with more than Tony could give.
Tony pointed to the blue machine sitting at the corner of the desk.
