Tony was standing at a console but had turned around to face the entrance at the same time Steve had entered.
Steve nodded back at Clint before facing Tony again. “Is this something we can talk about later tonight after we disarm this thing?” He smiled as he rubbed Tony’s other arm.
“Like a merry motley crew. Why did I agree to do this again?” Tony tossed one of the files across the desk toward Rhodey who caught it before it slipped off the edge.
The atmosphere between both men was awkward at best; Steve hadn’t spent the night over at the penthouse since the night he told Tony that he loved him and they still hadn’t discussed it. Steve would visit to spend the day or have a meal or two with Tony and Peter, but Tony could never get him to stay the night.
And now that Steve was about to begin a new time sucker embodied in the form of Project Synergy, the two friends were particularly adamant about getting Steve out before they would see or hear little of him. Sam had started a job at a new law firm and could only hang out on the weekends and Bucky could only visit occasionally. Also, Bucky was in town for just a short while and Steve
Sam grinned. “Oh man! Sorry I missed that. But I’m sure you were fine. Was Tony weird around you this morning or did you sneak out?” He sneered at Steve who rolled his eyes.
Tony groaned as he rolled his eyes dramatically. “Would you like to, uh, have dinner with me and Peter next week? Like Wednesday night?” He laughed quietly to himself, “I just realized you haven’t met him yet.” He tried, shrugging a little with his arms stretched out.
“Rogers. Are you going to stand out there all day? We got work to do.” The glass muffled Tony’s voice, but Steve stood at attention once he realized that Tony had spotted him watching him work. He heard Tony laugh lightheartedly as Steve stood rigid; Steve was still too flabbergasted by what he had just witnessed.
Steve glanced up at the door, listening for any sign of Tony. He knew he was taking a chance reading the diary behind Tony’s back, but Steve was convinced that there might be something in the diary to explain Tony’s actions since they met. It was becoming easier trying to gauge Tony’s emotions, but Steve knew that Tony had to be dealing with more issues than he let on, especially since he kept the trip away from him and appears to be overprotective of Peter.
“No, Bucky and I, when we were little, used to share a bed when we stayed over at each other’s house.” Steve answered casually as if sharing a bed with your childhood friend when you were kids was the same as sharing a bed now with another fully-grown adult.
“…Steve…I…screwed up…” Tony began crying to the point that his body could no longer restrain itself.
The crowd started cheering louder as Steve shuffled a couple feet to stand next to Tony who had a perpetual grin on his face. Steve coughed, which was once again picked up by the mic. He grimaced, becoming hyper aware that everyone could hear every single noise he uttered.
Gamora removed her goggles, feeling the weight of the ramifications associated with letting her father get too far with his super weapon.
Tony’s practiced neutrality fell away as he immediately picked up on Mr. Beck perhaps referring to his relationship with his own dad.
The three of them chatted a little longer before Rhodey excused himself to speak to Pepper. Steve and Tony were left alone, both weirdly trying to appear not awkward at all.
“Ha, well. It could have been worse, like you said.” Steve answered wearily though he was also smiling.
Tony nodded; he could tell that Steve had picked up on his palpable anxiety. “Yeah, I think so.” He managed.
“…I’m going to fuck you with my fingers again…” Tony started in a lower whisper, “then when you get used to that, I’ll go further. Sounds okay?”
Steve’s eyes widened as he backed away from Bucky, bumping into the elevator wall. He shook his head.
Sharon nodded slowly before reaching out a hand toward Steve. Steve stared at her hand before letting her take a hold of his.
As Steve entered the set into the device, the device glowed like it did the first time the team used it to save the visiting diplomat. It hummed quietly, slowly changing colors as it reproduced the first set of specs for the medical equipment. It then paused before gleaming vibrantly again. It continued to hum as it created a set of specs that had not been initially requested by Strange.
Tony stopped fiddling with the record for a moment, but he didn’t look over at Steve, however Steve could gather from Tony’s silence that he was listening.
Tony inhaled sharply as he continued working, hoping he would eventually find a way to get back to at least working smoothly with Steve like they had when they created the algorithm together. But before he could really think of anything productive, his phone rang loudly, playing the Beastie Boys’ “Sabotage” on the loudest volume possible.
“Whatever you need. I’m gonna go wrap gifts in my studio, so I’ll be home. Let FRIDAY know if you need me, or anything else. Okay?” Tony nodded, meaning it was Steve’s cue to leave.
“It has been months Tony,” Pepper reminded him, “It’s obviously something and we just want to know the person.”
“I like yours better. It’s softer, and bigger, and more comfy. Also it smells like you, and I like that smell. Except when you’re really sweaty. Then you should probably shower.” Steve couldn’t help but laugh at his son’s response, because how is that not absolutely precious.
“I’m glad, bear. Now let's go see what Steve made for lunch, and I’m sure the boys have a movie picked out already.” At that, they left the room, heading towards the living room with everyone else. Steve was just setting up some sandwiches, fruit, and popcorn on the coffee table when Tony and Isabel came in.
Of course, there were also the normal rumors that the couple’s relationship was falling apart; they were just, more intense than the normal ones. Again, most of them were about Tony cheating and having a bastard child, but then there were different versions of that one. It was a one night stand after Steve had been paying to much attention to the Avengers, or it had been a long-term side relationship that backfired, or even that he had been sleeping around constantly, with men and women, and one night just had a miss-step. Some had nothing to do with Tony cheating, but Peter being adopted as an attempt the save the marriage because of other problems. It was a lot.
“Thank you, JARVIS,” Tony mumbled, grabbing the chest piece off the table, and pulling his shirt up to properly place it back in.
“You know,” Tony started, reaching for a coffee cup, “We should really consider leaking some pictures of Peter to the press. It would get them off our backs a bit. Maybe do a professional photo shoot or just ones that we took on our phones. We could be in them even, holding him or playing with him.”
Steve knew pretty quickly that the feelings he had for Tony were ones he had never felt before. Sure, he had really liked Peggy, maybe even thought they could have had a life together, but the attraction that he felt for Tony was on another level. Not that he could tell Tony that, or anyone, for that matter.
“Tony, are you okay?” Steve asked as soon as he heard the sound of heavy breathing coming from the couch.
“Have those breaks included sleep and food, or have they just been coffee and using the bathroom?” Tony asked, noticing a lot of coffee mugs around the room. “How many cups have you guys had?”
“Well,” Steve said, “now that we’re back we think it’s time for a break. Eat some lunch and watch a movie and nap, and then you guys can get back to studying.”
It’s been over two weeks since the mission, and every single day, without fail, he has had multiple panic attacks a day. Some were connected to when he did something he knew wouldn’t be a good idea, like have a cup of coffee, but many seemed to be completely random. One morning while Tony was making breakfast for himself, Steve watched as he went from seemingly content, to the hyperventilating out of nowhere.
"Ummm…. I was actually thinking we could go on a run!" Steve said. He saw Tony scrunch his face a bit before Steve added to this suggestion. “We could do a short run and get ice cream on the way back?"
“Baby it’s okay if you are, we just want to help you so you don’t feel like that anymore,” Tony said, rubbing Peter’s shoulder, tears dangerously close to falling.
“And second, it would mean that you have to leave this-” Tony paused to blow raspberries on Peter’s check, making the infant burst into more giggles- “little one with someone who isn’t you or me.”
"That sounds like Natasha." Was all Steve could think of to say. They both sat there in silence for a bit, neither too sure of what to say.
“Everything is set up as you asked Mr. Stark. Would you like me to take you to where you are eating or are you okay with taking yourself back?” Before Steve could ask what she had meant by that, Tony was already pulling him away, saying that they’re good, and taking him back outside.
Steve wanted to cry. He hated being in this position. Having to further traumatize Tony in order to keep him alive. It wasn’t fair, but life tended not to be towards either him or Tony.
“For the team,” Steve interrupted. “They’re gonna know something’s up between us and we should be on the same page about what we tell them.”
Was he never going to get the chance to be with the man he loved because he had to traumatize him in order to keep him from dying?
Tony actually hadn’t been staring at Steve, just zoned out towards Steve’s face, but his warm sleepy voice pulled Tony back to focus, setting sights on the enigmatic smile on Steve’s face. And that made Tony panic.
“What’s up JARVIS?” Steve responded, as he continued to try and comfort Tony while glancing up at the ceiling.
Tony stared at Steve, trying to figure out what he meant. He couldn’t possibly mean that they at some point had moved on to something more, but Tony couldn’t think of what else Steve could have meant. He might be dumb but he wasn’t that dumb.
Just over two weeks ago, he had gone on a small mission with Natasha and Clint. It was supposed to just be a recon mission. He was a last minute substitution for Steve when they realized they weren’t going to be able to get all the information back to the tower, so they needed someone to be able to figure out what was the most important stuff to grab, and quickly. Being it scientific information, Tony was the obvious choice, as no one wanted to run the risk of bringing Bruce and having the Hulk show up as well. Since Steve was originally the one doing the actual information extraction, he was the one who got benched, and while he wasn’t particularly thrilled about it, he didn’t fight it, thinking it was going to be an easy mission
Steve sat on the other end of the couch, trying to focus more on his coffee than on Tony. They sat in silence, neither really sure where to start.
"Do you have a specific workout you want to do? "Tony asked, "We could spar? That's always good practice for the field, and we could invite anyone else who's around."
“Shush Mr. Super-solider. You’re gonna make me cry from picking on me and then that’s going to ruin our night.” Tony joked, which made Steve chuckle.
“You’ll see.” Steve’s mind wondered as Tony lead him behind the restaurant and down a short trail. When he saw it though, his heart melted.
“What are we supposed to do about this Steve? He’s never done anything like this before!” Tony shook a bit as he spoke, choosing not to continue drinking his coffee.
“Hi. Reservation for two under Stark.” Tony said to the hostess as they entered. Quickly scanning her papers, she smiled when she saw the names.
is a perfect movie. Everyone grab some food, and Friday, start the movie and dim the lights.” Everyone quickly grabbed some food to keep them full, just as the movie started. The kids all settled in quietly, Matt watching intently from his spot on the chair, Peter happily eating as Tony brushed his hand through his hair, and Isabel already starting to look like she was dozing off as she snuggled closer into Steve.
How was he supposed to explain it to them? They were the ones who always warned him against friends with benefits. His friends knew that he fell too hard too fast for friends with benefits to be a good idea for him. But he went and did it anyway, and with a teammate no less. A teammate who was starting to show interest in Sam, yet another teammate, a new one that Steve had brought on no less. Tony needed to get his head out of his ass and break it off, but he didn’t want his friends knowing about that.
For several minutes, the family sat in silence as Peter ate. No one wanted to be the first one to speak, especially with such a big elephant in the room. Unsurprisingly, Tony was the first to open his mouth.
“Fine.” Steve caved, “I like Tony, but it’s not like anything is going to happen. He barely notices me. I’m just a teammate to him.”
It didn’t take long for Tony to end up back at the tower on Steve’s floor. Steve looked tired when Tony walked in, but something in his eyes seemed a bit different when he noticed Tony. He suggested a ‘netflix and chill’ type thing, so they crawled into Steve’s bed, threw on a movie, and cuddled until the mood hit.
“I know, and I get that, but the paparazzi aren’t gonna back off until they have some decent pictures of him, whether it’s ones that were leaked or taken by them. Might as well give them what they want to get them off our backs.” Tony knew it was probably going to be a losing battle, but he needed to try.
“Yeah, but we only have to decorate what we want to keep, and a handful of others. The soup kitchen said as long as we also donate all the supplies, they could have a cookie decorating area for the kids.”
“No, dad! I need to finish this book now so I can get through the rest of the material in the next few days. I’m already behind because everything is taking longer than I was expecting. So I’d really just like to go back to studying.” Isabel said, turning back to her book. While Tony was sympathetic to her frustrations, he knew she couldn’t keep doing this, and she needed to understand.
He didn’t want to admit it, and he sure as hell didn’t want to have this conversation, but Tony knew Steve was right.
Once Steve saw that Tony was done talking, he knocked on the door of the lab, and walked in. Tony looked up to see Steve, and gave a small sigh.
“I can’t Tony, I’m so sorry. You need to breathe though. It’ll be over soon and I can put the arc reactor back in once you are breathing normally again. Can you breathe with me Tony? Please?”
Ten minutes later, Steve was bringing two cups of coffee from the kitchen to the living room couch. Tony was curled up in one of the corners, trying his best to be consumed by the couch.
“But what if it’s not? He was such a cautious kid growing up, and in the last 6 months he’s done a complete 180 and has done a lot of extremely reckless things. Last night was a really bad trip. I didn’t even know getting drunk and high at the same time was a thing, but he did it and he was delusional and seemed to be having some sort of panic attack? It almost seemed like he was having a psychotic break, I thought he was seriously going to try and hurt himself or worse. He even tried to run off a couple times because he didn’t think we were real,” Steve sighed, head in his hands as he thought about his son’s screams of terror from the night before. “I don’t even want to think about what would have happened if Ned hadn’t come and gotten us.”
“Do you think they burned the place down?” Tony asked his husband as they stepped into the elevator, heading to the penthouse.
“I’ll go with you then,” Steve spoke after a minute, having followed them and watched from the doorway. Tony looked over at him like he had said he had just given birth to a chicken.
“I still don’t see why I shouldn’t,” Steve grumbled, moving closer to his family, but still standing.
As Steve was helping Matt with his skates, he noticed how he seemed to drown in the scarf he wore, and how similar it looked to the one now wrapped around Tony’s neck. Matt had a thing where he liked where scarves that were too big for him, so his were all adult sizes instead of kids, but they were still always on the shorter side.
"I mean, just to make sure everything is working okay." Steve wasn't sure if what he said was making any sense, but he saw Tony give him that heart-melting smile, and Steve suddenly didn't care what the answer was.
“I’m sure it wasn’t that bad,” Tony paused with the look that Steve gave him, “Okay maybe it was that bad. But it’s been years and you’re enhanced now, so it probably won’t be that bad. Besides, I’m here to help you.”
Iron Man didn’t even falter, explaining about how, in the event of a fire, the ventilation would serve to cycle out the hot gas and smoke, which would give people a fighting chance of escaping this morose insult to architecture. That was Steve’s assessment of the building, not Iron Man’s, because Iron Man saw the world differently from most people that Steve had ever met. Iron Man didn’t see beauty in normal things; he saw elegance in invention, in the indomitable human spirit, and in the human capacity to take nature’s building blocks and assemble them into a new and better shape.
And that meant this thing simmering between them that had sparked so red-hot in the kitchen the other day had the potential to be something
One moment Steve and he were headed to the appropriate coordinates, both of them still sulking, and the next, Dark Elves were everywhere, and Tony's HUD was filled with their outlines and power signatures. His arms stretched out to blast them; Steve's shield was whistling past his face. Steve was shouting into his comms because they were overwhelmed, and Tony assumed he was yelling for help, but instead Tony heard Steve yell for Broo to transport them home.
″We've just been through something incredibly dramatic,″ Tony said, slowly, and Steve frowned because that wasn't a yes. A yes or a no was all he was after. ″Delirium during that kind of blood loss is perfectly normal.″
Steve be running from? Tony's mind was working at hyper speed as he made the seven-hour drive. Was he running from the Maggia? Had he gotten into a gambling debt? Was he—was he
Steve inhaled and exhaled noisily like he had a headache. He probably did. Raising a child was hard work. "I suppose leaving you alone
"Jarvis," Iron Man says. He steps away from Steve and his mouth twitches slightly when Steve has to hurriedly turn and face the garden, still affected by their moment.
"Unbelievable." Tony exhaled sharply, shaking his head; something was running through his newly-constructed body, like his blood had been switched out for fizzling, corrosive lava. "So what if she
″In vulnerable matters, however,″ Tony said, in a softer voice, carefully not looking Steve in the eye, ″bravery isn't my forte. However good my intentions have been, there hasn't been as much a need of carrying on the charade for
have stayed and fought the Elves. Okay, maybe Tony was in kind of rough shape, but Broo could have teleported just Tony?
and fell through the floors? Would he keep falling through the Earth itself? Perhaps he would pop out the other side, in the Antarctic – Roxxon had taken over the Antarctic; maybe Tony could do some corporate espionage while he was busy being incorporeal.
time, he keeps getting erections whenever Tony feeds him anything strawberry-flavored. This is a problem, because the fridge contains strawberry yogurt, the freezer holds strawberry ice-cream, and sometimes Tony makes up the packet of strawberry blancmange hiding in the back of the top cupboard for Steve, even though Tony hates the texture of it.
Tony raised his eyebrows. Steve was pretty damn smart, and especially – almost preternaturally – good at guessing what Tony was going to do next. But he hadn't seen
"Oh, I know the man well enough," Tony said, which was playing it down, but he was getting used to talking about Steve casually. He had to. Like much of Tony, it was a carefully controlled performance. His crush on Captain America when he was a teenager had been embarrassing; to be crushing on the man
But Iron Man… It was worse for him. He had that marvelous armor, of course, but the pipes had clearly crushed right through the metal and there was blood everywhere. It was bad. It was
want to," Steve breathed, his eyes flying across Tony's face like he'd just unwrapped the greatest possible gift on Christmas morning, "
″Not unwanted,″ Tony said, sharply interrupting, and Steve's chest went tight again. Tony's eyes were dark and intently fixed on Steve now, staring at him like he was a complicated piece of machinery Tony couldn’t figure out how to fix. ″I just thought you'd...change your mind. Knowing who was under the armor.″
Hmm. Apparently Steve and communication had their moments. That much clarity deserved a reward; Tony kissed him again, eagerly. Steve had shaved that beard, which was a shame; Tony wondered how much convincing it would take him to grow it again.
Steve wanted to say they’d been in worse situations before, but the words gummed up in his throat, like a lie. Had they been in a worse situation than this one? The walls were impenetrable. The parking structure had forty stories above them. Who knew how much rubble there was to sift through to find them? Vision would be okay, if he hadn’t been caught by surprise, and Wanda’s magic might have protected them, but nothing was guaranteed. Staircases were often secure, so maybe Clint and Simon were okay. And Steve was hurt, yes, but it was not even the first time Steve had been pinioned by something like this; he was fairly sure he’d been impaled in almost the exact same spot before.
been trying to talk about his feelings, in a failing, awkward way. And Tony had assumed the worst, ruining that attempt, and flaring up because of that assumption.
"You should take a break, Steve," Carol said, crossing the room to stand next to Steve, by Tony's body's bedside. "Go get cleaned up."
"Whoever came up with the idea of a masquerade ball is annoying," Iron Man sighs. "I don't even know what he looked like, not really."
"You’re bleeding pretty badly," Steve said, softly. Because maybe Iron Man wasn’t aware of how bad it was.
Then again, Steve didn't think hallucinations were supposed to hurt this much. Steve stared upward at Tony's gaunt, tense expression. If he was hallucinating, then he'd just be a mad man gibbering to himself. If this was real, then Steve had some goddamned words to say.
formed into a pretty phoenix that flew around the ceiling before dispersing into a dramatic shower of sparks. Steve knew the wand gesture off by heart, he
Tony looked over to where Steve was smirking across at him, holding the storage device in question between one thumb and a finger.
"Yeah," Steve said, softly, like he was the one suddenly trying to disguise his voice. "But usually you're locked up behind metal. It's easy to forget you're flesh and blood, sometimes, especially when you're doing impossible things."
fighting the same battles. They never learned, y'know? Same old, same old. Now I have them in schools, they're
Steve had seen what losing his father had done to his mother. He didn’t want to go through that himself. And the idea of
"You, get out," Van Dyne spat at Steve. "Go stand outside. I'll deal with you when I'm sure Tony's okay."
Well. That was a fair response. Steve carefully took a breath and tried to see how much movement he had, pinned underneath Iron Man like this, but his first cautious movement made it very clear that he couldn't move without jostling the pipe impaled into him, the one which was also jammed through Iron Man’s body, too. Steve’s body could maybe take more injury. Iron Man’s… probably couldn’t.
When he had to pull back, Steve rested his forehead against Tony’s and enjoyed the extremities of Tony’s smile, which was all he could see of it this close. He could feel Tony’s heartbeat against his fingers. He wouldn’t take that for granted ever again.
start an argument—" Steve started, heatedly. He matched Tony's pace, his arms swinging in that precise, sharp manner that meant he was agitated. Tony hadn't read him wrong at all, then.
Once upon a time, there was a group of superheroes known as the Avengers, a courageous band known throughout the land for their daring adventures and bravery.
Tony hadn't been kissed to within an inch of his existence by Steve Rogers. The poor bastard, Tony thought giddily; what a listless, unfulfilled life he'd been living.
Illegal Growth Hex, making Tony's head grow to three times its size. Sam was the one who got them all caught – he tried to hit Tony with a nicely timed
the one who decided to start out our interactions declaring me his arch-nemesis." Tony paused as he finished untangling the lights. "Or should that have been
There was lighting in the closet, dimmer than the fluorescent floodlights of the main spaces in the Mountain, but bright enough for Tony to see the expression on Steve's face. He seemed fractious, somehow. Edgy, like there was another sentence trapped in his mouth that might gut him open again, a syllable with edges sharper than any blade.
"I may have something. You might be able to reach it. But—" Iron Man made a disgruntled noise again. "You’d have to know who I am."
Tony doesn't move. Steve puts a hesitant hand on Tony's shoulder. Tony flinches. Steve withdraws his hand and stares at it for a long moment. He can see the curve of Tony's back through the Vs of his fingers.
"Masks are powerful," Tony says, his voice muffled again, and Steve can't help but think the sound is somewhat adorable. "I can understand that, probably more than most."
"Well, okay, maybe there are some things we've never talked about that we should have," Steve took a noisy, long breath. "It's just, I knew there was a very good chance we were
By the day of the ball, Steve's made up his mind. He won't tell Tony the truth. It's fine. It's all perfectly fine. It can stay locked in Steve's memories as a wonderful time. And is he really even breaking his promise to Tony? He is going to be there. Steve sighs, frustrated with himself, because that excuse sounds flimsy, even to his own ears, but by now it's too late. The Avengers are going to attend in uniform, to help in the fundraising effort.
wanted to kiss Iron Man, whomever he turned out to be, and somehow this revelation hadn’t decreased that urge in the slightest.
"I'm okay that it's you. It's kind of weird that you know now. Might take me a while to adjust." Tony nodded. "But you're worth it. I kind of like it." Another rush of that attempt at bravery struck him. "I like you."
that Steve was hiding, that ironically made it easier for Tony to find him. Because he knew how Steve thought. Most of the time, anyway. They'd talked about it once, on one of their irregular but frequent picnics; dozing under the sun on a blanket, pleasantly full and satisfied after another successful supervillain skirmish; Steve had waxed lyrically about what he thought his life might be like. There was a little town in Maine that his mother had taken him to, just once; the only vacation of Steve's childhood that he could recall with any clarity. Steve spoke about it fondly. It had been the only place he remembered his mom being truly happy.
In reality, Sharon had gotten a little over-exuberant trying to slice her caterpillars for a Shrinking Solution, and Steve had gotten a
"You said the last time you were with him that you argued," Carol said. She was leaning against Steve, a chair drawn up to sit alongside him; there were various boxes of takeout on a fold-away table next to them. Tony was glad she was there to help Steve, even if Carol being near his comatose body was still a very noisy personal Do Not Want.
"That's fine," Tony said, "leave me standing here. Invisible. Maybe disappearing. I could totally be disappearing. How would I know? I've never been really invisible before."
"Um," Tony said, loudly. Maybe he could sit there frozen and stare at the door and not shift his gaze to the right back to where Steve was sitting and probably staring at him in horror and oh god, Tony hated everything.
Tony couldn't look away. He wasn't sure he even wanted to. He slowly moved his hand like Steve was a skittish animal who might spook and run if Tony moved too quickly, adjusting his fingers until they were intertwined with Steve's. They were just sitting at the table, holding hands, like it was a normal thing to do, and just
look. That's John Gamelin, the new Vice President of Roxxon. He might look like Santa Claus, but the guy's a dick. If I have to say more than one sentence to him tonight, I'll probably pop him one right in his smug bearded face."
Tony stayed where he was, confused as to why he felt bad about Steve leaving. It was smart for him to leave now, while everyone else was asleep. It was
in Brooklyn Heights, along with a mask covered in red and gold feathers that reminded him of Iron Man so much that he couldn't resist. The mask ties firmly onto his head with multiple straps; it would take a lot of work to remove it.
"Oh," Steve said, ever eloquent. "The A-force techs finished installing that new biological-matter scanner in the med lab yesterday; I can carry the tree up there for you, that might save you some time?"
Tony had to fight hard not to smile. He could do this revelation right. Just blurting out the words was awkward. It was much easier to show, not tell. The armor was just downstairs, after all.
Professor Hill made all the Gryffindors stay behind after dinner so she could yell at them for their behavior, her pretty face turning bright crimson as she paced furiously, pointing her finger accusingly at each one of them. "I've
"I'm okay," Steve murmured. His eyes were glued to Tony's body. Probably beating himself up that he hadn't managed to save Tony; he did have a pretty big hero's complex like that. Tony probably couldn't judge, he was often the same. It was easy to beat yourself up for your failures. And Tony had more failures on his record than most.
I'm making the most of it." His gaze lowers to meet Steve's. "The way I see it, someone wants us to suffer. Let them try and make us miserable, or keep us from having a life. I'm going to live my life here, with you, as best as I can. Someone wants us miserable? Fuck 'em."
"You were outnumbered," Carol pointed out. It was somewhat reasonable, Tony supposed, but it didn't justify why Steve didn't grab whoever was at the Mountain and immediately head back out again; instead he'd hovered over Tony's unconscious body like a bad smell.
"Toxic masculinity?" Tony pursed his invisible lips. "Internalized misogyny?" He considered it again. "Too many blows to the head?"
Robbie stepped closer, opening his mouth to say something, but Tony must have blinked again, because Robbie disappeared. That was weird,
good, but Tony was starting to suspect Steve was as much the root to his stress as the salve for it, and it was making him cranky.
It's stupid, that's what it is. Steve might be brave in a fist fight, or faced with certain doom, but when it comes to taking his feelings out into the light, he clams up tighter than an oil drum. He just can't get the words out to express or act on any of those feelings at all. He swallows his jealousy away and packs it inside that box in his head that he uses for thinking about romance. It's something to look at later. Now is not the time.
"Jan," Steve says, and when she doesn't respond, he sighs, "do I have to send you on a harassment seminar?"
to justify it to himself, he just felt sick and stupid. This had all gone terribly wrong somewhere. Maybe the new Deputy Headmaster would let Steve borrow the Time Turner he wore around his neck, so Steve could turn back time. Retract
Steve swallows and punches the bag even more firmly, trying to stave off his body trying to react to the mental images in his mind. And the implications of what Tony's saying, because Steve made this much of an impression? That he's still talking about him afterward?
Steve wasn't sure how it had escalated so quickly to all-out war, but he supposed he should have expected it: Tony didn't know how to do
Underneath Tony's fake beard, Tony was sweating, and not just because the suit was heavy, warm material with lots of fur. Steve knew it was him? Well. Knew he was
"I was so scared," Steve said, pulling away from the kiss to rest his forehead against Tony's. "I was so damn scared I'd never see you again."
"All by hand." Tony clapped Steve on the shoulder with a spare hand in illustration, companionably squeezing his shoulder for a second before letting go. "But I'll take it as a compliment that you think my decorating can masquerade as professional."
"You space out in a real fight, you could die," Steve warns, extending a hand to help him up to his feet.
Well, everyone but Robbie. Robbie seemed distracted, taking his time to loop in new ribbons to some of the decorations, occasionally staring off into the distance and sighing. Tony waited until he could naturally sidle in closer and kept his voice low, leaning in and pulling out a length of ribbon with exaggerated casualness.
Steve was wearing his gloves; there was something nice about the friction of the leather against Tony's chin as Steve tipped his face up so he could kiss him more easily. Tony had been sitting at his desk in his lab when Steve came in; he hadn't even let Tony stand up. Steve seemed content to bend over Tony awkwardly as he continued to slowly move their mouths together.
It was amazing. Tony was a genius. Steve had shocked him a few times. And this time, Tony was going to shock
Tony lets out a dry chuckle, enjoying what he thinks is a private joke when he says, "Well, I suppose ol' Shell-Head knows what he's talking about."
Steve puzzles over the number of the day, wondering what's so special about it, but 1095 isn't much beyond a neat 5 number.
Iron Man,″ he said, huffing the media's name for him in a wry tone. His breathing was getting raspier; he gasped between every two words. Steve felt like his own heart was in his mouth now. ″That's how you
Tony, having to figure out the same distribution fuck-up for the seventh time that month, was starting to put it all down as a hallucination when Pepper showed up at his office door to tell him he had a visitor. Tony had a headache; he was tempted to tell them to go away until he caught sight of who it was.
There's no alcohol in the room. Steve keeps count of all the patterns they've tried and he counts the number of days they've been there, but he doesn't count the number of times he's been grateful that Tony hasn't had to face that particular temptation on top of everything else.
Steve doesn't realize how much he needs the air until Iron Man leads him past a heavy set of curtains to a door that's unlocked. It leads to a small balcony that looks out over manicured gardens below. The bushes and trees are lit up with tiny fairy lights and the sky is beautiful too, a nearly full moon hanging large and bright among the stars.
Steve can feel when Tony starts to understand, just from the familiarity of the intimate gesture. He smiles, slow and warm. He's not scared. He thought he might be. As brave as he is on the battlefield, his love life's always been nothing but nightmares. Until now.
"That's what I love about you, Rogers," Tony raised his voice so he could be heard over the rustling of the branches, "your unceasing pragmatism. Ah. A-
"Pbbbt, no chance," Tony said. "I implemented a point-system for cleaning up our evil headquarters. They're so busy cleaning that place up that they barely have any time to think up evil schemes."
He isn't, when it finally happens. At first, he thinks he's found the combination of dial numbers that will open the door—the ominous crack sounds close to the noise Steve's been imagining as the noise it will make when the puzzle's solved—but it's not the door. It's the ceiling.
He kept going, trying uselessly, his frustration growing sharply with each attempt. He'd have kept going until the end of class, except a blur of movement caught his eyes. When Steve looked up to see what it was, he saw Tony. Tony was leaning casually against the wall nearest Steve's desk, his gaze coolly averted to the corner of the classroom where Sam was successfully lighting a candle for Van Dyne. Van Dyne smiled politely at the achievement. Steve's stomach jumbled uncomfortably.
"You actually like her, don't you?" Steve asked, sitting down next to them, pulling Tony closer and pressing a kiss to Tony's cheek.
" Tony said, which was a blatant lie, and they both knew it, or Tony wouldn't be up at this time of the morning trimming a tree, but Steve let the lie pass and Tony was glad. There had been an early holiday season when Tony had tried to decorate the tree while in the armor, and Tony had been glad no one had been around to see it, because surprisingly enough, bootjets and flammable foliage weren't always a great combination.
Steve put a hand on Tony's cheek, large and strong. "It was easier when I didn't know for sure how you felt."
Tony stopped walking in favor of staring at him in wild disbelief. "You're pissed off because the reporter hit on me? Steve, that's—"
He wishes later that he'd known, because it's bound to have been fascinating. He's too busy showing Hank McCoy how to break a hold, except suddenly McCoy goes down to the mat in a heap of blue fur way too easily.
Steve's skin cooled as realization started to sink in. From the way Tony had responded to him, he'd assumed they were in the same chapter, if not exactly on the same page. He'd been so sure that the tension which had simmered between them was genuinely reciprocated.
It did happen. Steve's been counting them carefully, the only measure of reality he has left. Day-in-day-out, nothing changes here. They wake up in this hideously pink one-room-plus-bathroom jail at 7am and every 7am, the place...has entirely reset. It's some sort of puzzle, or trap, or prison, Steve's pretty sure.
There were plenty of these storage nooks that T'Challa's architects had ended up building into the mountain, but the Celestial's inners weren't exactly uniform; the Wakandans had done their best with the shapes they'd been forced to work in. The little closets fulfilled their purpose, but they probably weren't designed to store two bulky superheroes in at once. There wasn't all that much room to swap places, but it hadn't occurred to Steve to step outside the closet itself to make the switch. It hadn't occurred to either of them. The problem of it being such a small space hadn't quite yet become apparent; they'd alternated getting the crates out, until Tony started to struggle with the last one, and Steve entered to see what was taking him so long.
the wrong word for what they had been doing) secret to start with, because he knew how much the others would disagree with it and warn them away from each other. They could work together blindingly well (see, years of die-hard, concrete friendship where they did the impossible together, again and again), but they could also be embarrassingly corrosive (Steve was lying on the courthouse steps, bleeding out, and Tony's heart emptied with it, he would never be the same again, nothing was worth that pain,
Steve pressed his mouth into a line. Moving was dangerous, but not moving could be worse. If he tensed his muscles carefully, he could slide his own body up the pole far enough to reach into Tony’s helmet. Tony didn’t even look scared as Steve lifted his glove slowly. Steve kept his eyes trained on the metal length that skewered them both together as he moved, trying to keep it as still as possible; he ended up moving his hand to his mouth first, biting the material of his glove so he could remove it. He needed as much flexibility with his hand as possible.
Steve realizes, and feels dizzy all over again, even though the cool air and distance has a distinctly sobering quality to it.
Steve also loudly refused to let Tony give up being Iron Man. When Tony protested, Steve promptly blackmailed him with Sarah's happiness, insisting Sarah would
Steve shook his head slowly. "It's just—weird, I guess? Wanting things at Christmas—it's a foreign concept to me. My mom would always find something to surprise me with, but—wanting usually meant being disappointed." He looked Tony directly in the eye then, and he looked almost sad. Tony's damaged heart trembled in sympathy. As much as Steve didn't smile so much around Tony Stark, he
Tony stares at him, a wondering expression crossing his face, and then he draws Steve in quickly, kissing him thoroughly.
Steve's gut ached and he regretted saying it immediately, but it was too late. It was another thing he could never, ever take back.
And now everyone's staring at him, while he desperately tries to calculate where the nearest window is so he can hurl himself out of it. She smirks at his expression. "I know what it looks like when someone's been kissed soundly, Rogers. You should have waited before you came to talk to me, if you wanted it to be a secret."
Steve takes both of Tony's hands in his own, even though Tony's reaching up for the next dial in sequence. "I've survived that sort of thing once before, you know." Tony's eyes meet Steve's and he winces, realizing that yes, Steve knows what it's like, to emerge decades later having not aged a day. "Do you know
As Thor lifted Robbie up onto his shoulders so the youngest Avenger could put the star on top of the tree, Steve drew up alongside Tony, his gaze fondly traveling over the scene.
It had been stripped clean of anything which said this room was Steve's. No clothes. None of the photos Steve had carefully balanced on the 1930s style furniture he and Jan had so carefully sourced to help make Steve feel at home here. None of the little sketches Steve seemed to leave everywhere.
Tony stays under the blankets, an unmoving lump. Steve has to stop turning the dials every thirty minutes to cross the room and check Tony is still breathing.
“Did you mean it?” Steve shifted his chair with his ankles, scooting closer to Tony, and he looked him directly in the eye. “When you said my attention wasn’t unwanted.”
Steve hides a smile. He'd always thought Iron Man was so persuasive, convincing his boss Tony to supply whatever thing Iron Man airily promised his employer could do for them. Really, it's Tony being a sneaky little shit. The lying is smooth, Steve will give Tony that for free. He thinks about what else he gave Tony and he has to focus very hard for a few minutes on punching the reinforced bag Tony set up for him, strong enough to take his best punches without having to hold back. Steve's thoughts are a mess again, because Tony puts in so many hours for the Avengers as himself,
Santa Claus probably wasn't supposed to drive off in a limo, but it wasn't like Tony had thought to bring a sleigh to Queen County Hospital.
knew our feelings for each other were mutual, that more than likely you'd offer to run away to Maine
"Too bad, it's not for you anyway." Tony beamed and wrapped an arm around Robbie's shoulders companionably. "Suck it up, you work with a billionaire, you should get
This whole embrace is so easy, the way Steve's hand automatically slides around Tony's waist, like it was made to fit there. This might be only the third time Steve's held Tony like this, but it feels familiar and exciting, all at once. It feels like
"I let Pepper choose the gifts for you both, too," Tony laughed. "Letting her choose was half the gift, really."
Rescue might have come then, but Steve didn’t even see who it was, or how they’d found them. He was stuck staring at Tony’s lax face. He knew if he survived he’d see that image in his nightmares forever.
(There is alcohol in the bathroom. Steve always makes sure he goes in there first so he can tip the mouthwash down the sink. If Tony knows about it, he never says anything.)
Scientists just like Tony Stark had been the ones to turn Steve from a brittle, lanky beanpole into a form Steve barely recognized when he looked in the mirror every morning. He was grateful for the transformation—often overwhelmed by the gift of it—but whenever he got dressed, and had to tug clothing over the unfamiliar bulges of muscle, he felt like he was dressing a stranger.
Steve couldn't bring himself to even briefly smirk at Tony's attempt to lighten the atmosphere. ″You should brace yourself. This is gonna hurt.″
Iron Man claps an arm around Steve's shoulder as they watch the others leave. "It's nice that they're excited. How about you? You like this sort of thing?"
Steve pulled back far enough to hit him with such an intense expression that Tony shuddered against him. "Good," he said, simply, before kissing him again.
Steve would much rather live, and Tony survive, and have them both heal so that they could have more of these kisses somewhere soft, and clean, and without pain. But if this was how it ended, in this artificial gray cocoon, then maybe Steve could die without many regrets left at all.
Steve nodded back returning the expression. “Sounds good.” He then looked around awkwardly before spinning around to exit the room without saying goodbye to Tony.
Tony groaned, pushing faster as he came into Steve. Steve moaned as he felt a slick sensation inside of him, but as soon as Tony pulled out and laid on top of him, Steve felt a familiar sudden emptiness and immediately thought he had an accident.
Natasha huffed with a reserved laugh. “I know. That’s why I think he’s great, too.” She added with a meek smile.
Steve looked toward the direction of the dining room, making sure Tony couldn’t see him. Without further hesitation, he grabbed the diary from the pile of junk, walking briskly to his overnight bag to place the diary inside underneath his clothes.
“…and as for working conditions, we’ll need to relocate for a while. Obviously, this has to be done on the low, so I have a new outpost, Stark Enterprises…,” Tony laughed nervously, “…actually, remember that place where I store my gadgets? We’re rebuilding the device there, undetected.”
"Do yourself and Mr. Rogers a favor. Your inevitable break up will only hurt the company once you go into one of your famed bouts with depression. We need to have you clearheaded and focused." He reached over to pat Tony on the shoulder and Tony flinched from the contact.
Steve shook his head as he backed away from Bucky, but he persisted. “I mean, I’ll admit I had issues with Tony in the beginning...but I see that you two care about each other. I can tell that you’re both supposed to be together, Cap…”
Steve let go of Bucky as he inhaled deeply. “They…I think…Tony and I…” He tried, but the image of the teddy bear laying in the bed of roses strangled his thought process.
But what he saw kept Tony from moving any further. Down the corridor, as more people gathered near the source of the bang, Tony could see smoke and fire spewing out of his lab.
Steve groaned as he could feel himself nearing the edge, looking down at Tony who was now rubbing himself. Steve leaned forward to kiss Tony, before straightening up to hump his body as fast as possible, the feeling overtaking him as Steve could feel that he was about to come.
Bruce nodded slowly, but instead of responding he picked up his tablet to go back to his work. Tony stared at him, making it obvious that he knew his friend wanted to say more.
“Rogers, I’m having Happy drive us home, hope it doesn’t spoil you.” Tony said with a grin as he patted Steve on the back a few times.
Sam scoffed. “Are you serious, Cap? You should have stayed. It’s so obvious he’s being polite like you like.” He got up from the table to head toward the living room, laughing loudly again.
Steve’s smile fell as he watched Tony’s face suddenly contort into several expressions until it landed on absolute incredulity.
Steve blushed as he tried to remember what he wanted to say but something about the way Tony was looking at him in the moment arrested his thinking process.
Obadiah cautiously watched Thanos from behind as the scientist busied himself with his work at his desk. Obadiah scowled from the expected rebuke; since entering Thanos’s office, the scientist had yet to turn around and acknowledge him face to face.
Tony placed a hand on Steve’s shoulder; something about it felt different from all the other times. It was flirty, but Steve was sure he could feel something beyond it.
Tony inhaled deeply as he turned around to face Steve. “So—and I won’t be offended if you say no—um…” Tony started, but he struggled to articulate his thought.
As the song neared the end, Tony looked out over the water as the helicopter approached the city. Tony had been the most open with Steve, the most open he’s ever been with anyone he’s ever dated or known.
Pepper reached over to give Tony a hug as the doors to the elevator popped open. She stopped short before entering the elevator to address Tony again.
“Steve!” Tony ran back into the bedroom, looking around frantically until he found Steve on the floor next to the bed helpless.
Tony nodded as he took a sip out of his glass. “Yep, that sounds about right. The Colonel here is probably a better rep than me for this thing.”
Steve rubbed the back of his head. “Let me check with Sam about the specifics and I’ll text you. Is that okay? He’s coming over tomorrow.”
“I already have a therapist, Strange,” Tony hopped off the desk, readjusting his shirt, “but,” he rolled his eyes dramatically, “I appreciate the advice. Although I’m not paying you extra for it.” He pointed at Strange before retrieving his phone. He pretended to look through emails as he felt his heart doing somersaults again.
Tony shook his head. He walked briskly over to a table to grab his work bag before stomping out of the lab.
Tony’s body froze much like it had when he first ran into Tiberius. His mind then reeled with other possible scenarios that could have happened between Steve and Bucky, now thinking back to when Steve confessed to him that he had only been with one guy.
“Let’s get out of here, Cap. We’re due to try out that new place down the street.” Sam made a shooing motion toward Steve to get him to hurry up. Steve complied as he shook his head but then effortlessly drained his beer before tossing the bottle into the bin, which landed perfectly in the middle. Steve shrugged when Sam groaned again.
Steve closed his eyes as he neared the edge, letting out a gasp as he came into Tony’s mouth. Tony waited before straightening up, lying down on top of Steve before rubbing himself against Steve’s body. Steve pushed upward into Tony, gripping his body as tight as he could without hurting him. Tony kissed Steve on the cheek as he came, groaning loudly as he placed both hands on either side of Steve.
As Tony’s laughter subsided, Steve noticed that he now looked more like someone who could favor Tony Stark but was not quite Tony Stark. It was peculiarly captivating yet unnerving at the same time.
Even given the situation, the last statement seemed to bother Bruce the most. Tony mentally filed it away to tackle later as he was too concerned about Clint’s behavior and the missing sequences.
“Listen, Rogers. If you can’t do it, then get out of the way.” Steve felt Tony crouch down near him, but he didn’t move.
Tony shook his head. “You’re not taking advantage of me at all. Besides all the sex stuff, I would like to buy you things…I really don’t understand why you won’t let me be your sugar daddy.” He winked at Steve again, flaunting that alluring magnetism of his that first drew Steve to him.
“I have to be there at 8am. Wanna stick around and drive me to ensure I get there on time, dear?” Steve smirked. Bucky rolled his eyes while Sam chuckled.
As the last scenario took place, Steve walked to the center of the stage. The crowd continued to clap and cheer, the loudest an audience had ever been for one of these promotional presentations.
Steve once whined to Bucky and Sam. That question had earned him an audible gasp from his best friends who have been trying ever since to figure out how to kidnap him and dump him off in the nearest Apple store.
“Rogers…are you asking me to be your boyfriend?” Tony grinned, trying to sound as lighthearted as possible.
“The shit you pulled put one of my people in the hospital,” he shoved the tablet into Loki’s face again, “you better fucking talk
He turned around to look at Tony who looked conflicted. “…but do you remember the night you first…spent the night over at…my place…?”
The audience before Tony and Steve erupted with cheers as Tony walked around an incoming projection of the holographic image of the device while Steve took his usual position on stage. They had done this a few times, stopping in major cities in the United States before making a debut international tour in Berlin. Steve was finally becoming more comfortable with the presentation, so much so that their usual movements around each other along with their talking points were becoming second nature to him.
Steve had trouble comprehending Tony’s reaction last night; while he was recovering at Tony’s, Steve believed that he, Tony, and Peter were becoming close, almost like a family. Steve didn’t understand why Tony didn’t seem to feel the same way.
Tony was at his boiling point; he knew the meeting would be a waste of time. As soon as he heard about the leak, Tony knew Synergy was finished.
Tony couldn’t help his face from expressing how shocked he was. “Rogers, you can’t be serious. You are
“Uh, thanks for coming over…” Tony started. He uncrossed his arms before placing his hands on his hips.
“This betrayal! Wait until I get my hands on him!” Thor shouted, as he paced back and forth, fuming.
“Morning, Tony.” Tony stopped scrolling through his thoughts as Steve’s cool voice interrupted. Tony turned his head to some degree to acknowledge his lab mate who had walked directly toward a console upon entering the lab.
Mr. Beck nodded emphatically before making a move to add to the conversation before the door to the classroom swung open to reveal an exasperated looking Steve.
Loki made a gurgling noise as he tried to grasp at his collar to get Thor to let him go. But before he could answer him, one of the people sitting on the couch next to him jumped up and punched Thor in the face. Thor dropped Loki who crumpled to the floor underneath his brother and his friend. Steve ran over to try to grab the man who had punched Thor, but as he approached the brawl, a woman stuck out her leg to trip him and Steve went flying into one of the couches.
Tony inhaled once more. “…I really wish I could take back what I said, but then I think about everything else…”
Tony turned over onto his side, not really being as affectionate with Steve as he typically was before calling it night. Steve took notice but decided not to press it; he knew Tony was mentally grappling the situation.
Sam turned to Bucky. “Okay, Buck. You’re with me.” He waved at Steve and Tony before walking to one of the elevator banks.
Tony clapped his hands together with delight as Bruce straightened up with a grin. “All we have to do is interview you the old school way? That’s a bargain for us!” Tony nearly exclaimed.
Peter sat up straight on the floor as he continued. “Do you know the name of the first person on the moon?”
“Well, you’ll become a tech expert after working on this for sure.” Tony called over. Steve smiled as he glanced over at Tony who was spinning around an image of the Synergy device. Unexpectedly, he couldn’t help but actually start to appreciate his lab mate’s handsome features, which he promptly mentally kicked himself for because they were supposed to be working, not ogling.
Steve sighed, resting his hands on his hips before taking his time hobbling over to the island to stop Tony from making a mess. Tony watched him, trying not to laugh but doing so anyway, causing Steve to roll his eyes again.
“I thought that, or…ugh…” Tony shook his head again as he tried to figure out what to say without further ruining the night, “it’s not meaningless to me, Steve…I’m…I’m just so fucked up right now, but we’ve always clicked when we were together…even through the rough times…and I haven’t been with anyone since you…” Tony trailed off as he rambled, not really sure how to explain himself.
Tony nodded before carefully shuffling Peter around so he could scoot closer to Steve. He moved his chin forward to kiss Steve. Steve smiled as he kissed Tony back before settling.
“Uh, well. It was Obadiah…” Steve rocked back and forth on his heels looking downward again as he heard Tony groan.
“And remember when you told me about that time you nearly destroyed the house out on the Hamptons for a high school project?”
Loki used the empty service corridors to get to Steve and Tony’s lab. However, he was amazed that the few people he did run into didn’t seem to recognize him, annoying him greatly.
“That’s fine. Anthony sent out a memo that he’ll be back from the west coast tomorrow afternoon.” Obadiah volunteered.
But just as Tony’s body began to feel at ease, the string quartet began playing a version of “Mishima”. Only a few seconds in and Tony spotted Steve descending the staircase. Tony’s body seized almost immediately; for some reason he couldn’t move or really speak. He kept watching Steve, completely paralyzed.
Tony nearly slapped the edge of the desk with delight. “That’s my girl! What did you find out, Ms. Spy?” He never felt himself grin so hard in his entire life.
Tony nodded before wagging a finger at Steve. “Yet, something about the tone in your voice and the way you’re looking at me right now suggest otherwise.” He proceeded to walk to the bathroom.
Steve thought as he watched Tony punch in some numbers on the screen to create the procedure, humming to himself quietly.
Steve chuckled, which made Tony’s heart leap a few times. “You may get a virus from me, or however it works.”
Tony nodded, swallowing a lump in his throat before quickly walking to front door, opening it and then nearly slamming it behind him as he ran to his car, trying to calm down so he could drive.
Tony was still smiling back at Steve but now he was sure he had a stupid grin on his face. Okay, maybe Bruce was right after all.
The robot dipped upward then downward before rolling toward Tony and Peter. It shifted from side to side before stopping suddenly. Peter tapped once more on the device he was holding, which caused the robot to spin around a few times before ramming backward into the table behind it. Steve, quite horrified, ran up to Tony and Peter to instantly protect anyone from a stray robot, however Peter and Tony appeared unfazed by their creation’s behavior; both were laughing with glee.
Tony turned to face Steve, holding a small little black box with a giant red bow on top. He watched Steve’s eyes widen, signaling that he was speculating what the contents of the box might be.
The agent shook her head slowly. “Sorry, sir. The traces appear to be the only thing left we can link back to the weapon.”
Steve continued to stare at him with concern. Tony wanted to look away, but he couldn’t; something about Steve’s expression felt strangely cathartic.
Tony lingered at the entrance, amazed with how great Steve and Peter looked together. He watched them as Steve showed Peter the rest of the recipe for dinner. Steve turned slightly, noticing Tony in the archway watching them.
“…Steve’s lying in this hospital bed because of Synergy which makes it my fault…” Tony quietly countered Bruce, never taking his eyes off Steve, “…I knew this project would be a fucking nightmare…” He groaned as he leaned forward on the edge of the bed, fighting back another stream of tears.
Tony leaned backward, pretending to be tucking Peter in as he tried to process what his kid had just laid on him.
Tony shrugged. “What can you do?” He was smiling which made Steve smile a little, although he still felt weird. He had to come to terms with the fact that he’d have to spend a good deal of the morning and most likely the rest of the weekend trying to convince Sam that he hadn’t gone that far with Tony.
“That’s easier said than done,” he inhaled as he tried to think of a plan, “let me know when he comes to talk to you and keep a mental note of anyone else who does. I want to keep track of anyone who might be leaking secrets.”
“I’m sorry, Steve. It was the way you asked.” Tony let out a self-satisfied sigh as he finally got Steve to look at him.
Peter stepped back, mimicking a thoughtful pose he had seen both Tony and Bruce do many times before answering.
Steve cleared his throat. “…I have to be honest…” he sighed, “…I want this but…I’m not going to be good at it…”
“Uh, that’s…” Tony laughed as he smiled, turning more to face Steve, “…that’s great to hear, Rogers!”
He then calmly walked over to his desk to call May about their plans, now seeming more relaxed and relieved that Steve would be there with him.
Rhodey’s face twisted into a look of concern. “Really? I’m sorry. I thought when I hadn’t heard from you all weekend, something must have gone well with Steve.”
“Whenever you’re assessing the validity of a hypothesis, you have to run multiple tests to establish any possible variables.” Although it was straight forward science, Tony meant for the sentence to sound as condescending as possible.
“Oh well, you should really get your stories straight, Rogers. Sharon said a few.” Tony corrected, turning away from both Steve and Bruce.
Tony didn’t think it was possible for his eyes to get any bigger. “Banner, if you weren’t a crucial member on this fucking team, I would fucking murder you. No scratch that, on second thought, I
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Yeah, Steve. You and Tony are a nice-looking couple.” He almost said in a derisive tone, but it appeared that both of his friends hadn’t picked up on it.
“I’m going for a run.” He let out as he marched to his bedroom. He couldn’t spend the rest of the day obsessing over Tony.
Since the last few weeks or so, Steve had graciously listened to Tony complain about having to host this event. He tried to be as supportive as possible and even offered to help prepare for it.
Steve stayed still before rising from his bike. He sighed, reminding himself that what he was doing was for Synergy and not Tony, before walking into the warehouse. Steve walked pass the main space, seeing Shuri and Bruce working on the Synergy device. He waved at them before proceeding to the space he shared with Tony.
As they followed the group of doctors inside the building, both Steve and Tony simultaneously glanced at each other; Tony grinned, and Steve smiled. Reality quickly interrupted the brief moment between the two as soon as they realized they needed to catch up with the doctors who had already disappeared into the building.
“Hey, Rhodey,” Steve patted Rhodey on the shoulder as soon as he reached the group, “do you know where Tony went?”
Tony’s eyes lit up. This string of messages from Steve was the flirtiest his lab mate had ever been with him. He took a deep breath, commanding himself to take it easy.
Tony nearly tossed his glasses and tablet on a bedside table. “You’re so sexy you manage to make an uncomfortably stressful environment erotic.” He teased.
“Just don’t get carried away, please.” Steve let out as he closed his eyes. He heard Tony laugh some more before feeling two hands slid around his waist.
The remaining team had split up into two separate helicopters to meet Strange at Mount Liberty before heading to the medical clinic in Harlem.
Steve waved Tony off before glancing around them, making sure they were alone in the hallway. He placed his hands on Tony’s upper arms before rubbing them.
Steve let go to stand up straight, leaning forward to place both hands on Tony’s face to pull him into a kiss. Tony let Steve hold him as he wrapped both hands around Steve’s waist. Steve moved one hand from Tony’s cheek to place on his waist, kissing him one last time before hugging him tight again.
“Are you all right, Tony?” Tony felt a hand grasp his shoulder and rub it gently. He sighed before turning to face Steve.
“Tony…” Steve uncrossed his arms as he approached Tony, eventually meeting him at the elevator. He stopped right in front of Tony before gently placing his hands on Tony’s arms. Tony freaked out internally as he looked slightly upward at Steve, not entirely sure what to expect.
“Uh, thanks, Rogers…” Tony said quietly. Steve smiled back at him but noticed that Tony was shuffling around, trying not to look directly at him.
For a moment, they remained like this before Tony turned his head slightly to kiss Steve as best as he could. Steve hugged Tony against his body to kiss him before Tony turned around fully to wrap his hands around Steve’s neck, pulling him in for a kiss. Steve kissed Tony back before turning him over onto his back, fully unbuttoning his shirt, pulling it off before making his way down the length of Tony’s body.
Also, I said this in the notes last chapter, but I wanted to say it again for anyone who missed it: thank you to all of those who have been reading so far! Your comments, bookmarks, kudos, and subscriptions make my day :)
He felt like hiding underneath the blankets and covers; there was no way he was going to be able to get Tony out of the apartment without confronting Sam.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut. He wanted to be with Steve so badly, but he couldn’t do it like this. Steve wasn’t that type of person and Tony didn’t want to be with someone like that. Not anymore anyway. He had gravitated toward Steve because he was different, and Tony didn’t want that to change. He realized he wanted to wait and get to know Steve better than ruin anything between the two of them with meaningless sex.
“Sorry again for putting you on the spot.” Steve offered as soon as Tony entered. He was still annoyed with himself for forgetting about Peter.
“…Tony…” Bruce kept his hand on Tony’s shoulder. He looked behind himself to see the rest of the team waiting outside in the hallway. He then looked down at Tony before squeezing his shoulder once more before letting go.
“Where did you get this?” Tony asked as he took the letter from Peter, trying not to sound upset, but was irritated that Peter had not only interrupted his sleep but also found Steve’s letter.
Tony chuckled. “I’m beginning to think that we’re spending too much time together, but honestly it’s about Synergy.”
I know things are difficult if you or someone close to you lives in a country hit hardest by COVID-19. And I know you're reading fanfiction to escape, so I'll keep this short: I wanted to thank every single one of you for reading/commenting on this. :) I live in the US and my family lives in Washington State (the state with the first outbreaks). I attend Columbia University in New York which moved online, but I live in Philadelphia so I've been stuck in my apartment with my boyfriend and my cat. Writing this story is really my only escape at the moment, so I just wanted you all to know that I'm going to keep writing and posting. It gives me absolute joy! :D
“Ah, Tony,” Dr. Strange appeared in the room interrupting the budding intimate moment, “glad to see you’re finally awake.” He smiled at both Steve and Tony as he walked to the opposite side of the bed.
Tony shook his head with a grin. “No, but I thought we weren’t keeping secrets from each other, Rogers.” He teased back.
“Okay, so you were making gadgets since you were a kid? That’s so impressive.” Steve awed as he chewed on a slice.
Thanos grinned as he stepped back from the object in front of him. He was standing in a makeshift lab in an abandoned warehouse, surrounded by a couple people wearing white lab coats. Thanos produced a device from his inside coat pocket before aiming it at the object, tapping the surface a few times.
Tony shook his head as he slowly sat down on the couch, hyper aware of how close he would be to Steve.
Tony thought he was overthinking things, because something about Steve’s face caught him off guard; he looked somewhat dejected.
Even if he didn't want to admit it, Steve knew they were right. That didn't make doing it any easier. He still wanted to plan it out to try and guarantee a good outcome.
Steve had been at the presents for more than two hours when he heard the door open. He turned and saw Tony’s face sticking out of a large blanket he had wrapped around him, that was dragging on the floor as Tony walked to him.
“Please talk to me, babe.” Steve was brushing his hand through Tony’s hair as he waited for a response. He felt bad, not wanting to push, but he also needed to know what Tony wanted him to do. Whether it was to leave or stay or get him something or help him do something, he just needed to know where Tony was at.
December 16th, Tony wouldn’t get out of bed. Steve had a feeling this would happen, though he hoped that it wouldn’t. Originally he tried prodding him to get out of bed, trying to get him to do anything, but Tony wasn’t budging. He had left the room to go get breakfast, hoping that Tony would move while he was gone, but nothing had changed when Steve came back in the room.
The best they could recommend was what they would recommend to anyone who is trying to take care of their heart, none of which Tony was happy with, or even good at. Avoid unnecessary stress on the body, including no heavy physical activity and getting enough sleep. Cut out caffeine and alcohol. Stay hydrated and eat well. Practice relaxation techniques, such as yoga and aromatherapy.
"Well I appreciate it. This will be a perfect break to a lousy day. Now hand me a piece of seaweed."
“I’m not mad at you at all, just trying to get you to understand. And I was an adult when I made those poor decisions because I didn’t have anyone who loved me the way your papa and I do, who made me do things I don’t always want to in order to take care of myself when I was your age.” Tony said, rubbing her back as he talked. She still wouldn’t look at him, but she hadn’t moved away from the touch either.
So it hurt that Tony didn’t seem to find comfort in being with him. Steve supposed that he shouldn’t take it as avoidance though. Tony was spending more time with Bruce and Natasha, which made a lot of sense in Steve’s mind. Bruce was the king of staying relaxed, so he was likely helping Tony with that, but when the panic attacks did hit, Nat was able to sit with him and help him through it.
“Really,” Natasha said, raising an eyebrow. “You’re going to try and lie, to me, about your feelings?”
Matt looked down, biting his lip, and Tony was about to press further before Steve beat him to the punch.
“Is there anything you need me to do?” Tony shook his head, though he was starting to visibly shake. Steve reached for the blanket that he had been using and wrapped it around Tony, before he grabbed each of Tony’s hands, and was happy when Tony didn’t fight it. Steve racked his brain, trying to remember what Nat had done the few other times he had seen Tony have a panic attack.
This year though, both were in New York, and they hadn’t had a date night in a while, so they decided to do something special this year. Tony was able to get reservations at a surprise restaurant, and Steve talked to May about taking the kids for the night, allowing them to have the night to themselves. With all the kids still being in the single-digit age range, it was still rare for them to have nights to themselves, even if it was usually the team telling them they needed it more than them wanting to take nights away from the kids
As the device finally stabilized, it generated the rest of the specs as Natasha and Clint carried a couple simulated people to the mobile clinic. Thor and Bruce busied themselves with assembling the equipment.
He braced himself against the table before responding. “Pep, to be honest, I’m not entirely sure where things went wrong with us.” Tony gripped his glass again. If he had extraordinary powers of any sort, he definitely would have broken the glass.
Steve nodded with a smile, but he found himself unable to verbally contribute; he was too captivated by this brief interaction between Tony and Peter.
“Rogers is great,” Fury started, “would have loved to have him out in the field during my military heyday.” He offered, seemingly unaware that he had interjected between Tony and Obadiah's tensed moment.
Tony scrunched up his face before posing thoughtfully as if he was seriously considering the prospect of time traveling.
Tony smiled at Steve before shuffling to slide off the bed. “Peter made you something and I was supposed to give you the thing
Tony chuckled as he slid a hand around Steve’s waist. Steve blushed as he tried to look away from Tony.
Tony stared at Steve before shaking his head quickly. “Uh, no. But thank you, Rogers. That’s too much to ask for.”
“Steve, it’s all right,” Sharon laughed quietly to herself, but to Steve she didn’t seem upset, “I don’t know if he said anything to you…but Bucky said something to me about him…just how close you guys were before you broke up…I think he just wanted me to be aware…”
“Sam’s hanging out Shuri's tonight,” Steve chuckled, “I was just on the phone with him and it sounds like he might be staying over at her place…would, uh, you like to come over?”
“Steve, you deserve better than me. You could do better than me. I've fucked up every serious relationship in my entire life and I’m only going to ruin this one.” Tony turned around slowly as he explained, resting his hands on his hips, but opted to look directly at the floor before summing up enough courage to face Steve again.
"I did," Tony said, easily crossing the floor and pulling himself up to the ropes, to join Steve in the boxing ring because Steve seemed incapable of leaving it; Steve rallied a moment too late, at least managing to grab Tony's arms when his landing was a little awkward. "I thought you might mean that. I'm sorry."
It was a couple more weeks until Tony was allowed up; it would be several more weeks of intense physiotherapy.
Steve nodded, shrugged, and gently let Tony down to his feet, pulling his hands away and pushing at his hair, straightening it out as best as he could.
Most didn't extend to Tony himself. Tony seemed intent on dragging Steve into as many fights as possible. An incident in History led to Professor Wang having to
"Yeah?" Steve perks up, looking pleased. "Well. I just. It was on the spur of the moment, because I'd been building up the courage to ask—"
Steve looks over at the Tony-shaped lump on the bed. Day 542. Day 30 without a moving, speaking Tony. Steve's itching to implode, or maybe to lie beside Tony and become a statue next to him. The Avengers could find them. They'd be trying to find them, surely? He pictures the Avengers breaking into this impossible room and finding Steve and Tony on the bed. Paperweight humans. Broken pieces that just
I was completely crazy for you?" Steve shuffled guilty on the spot. Tony's eyes widened. He knew Steve well enough to know what that meant. "You
in their current situation, but Tony's face went pale and slack, his mouth open and his whole body jolted. and Tony was wheezing then, fighting for air, and all Steve could do was stare upward and hate this whole situation with his entire being.
Tony leaned back a little, trying not to think of a thousand terrible things at once. Important questions were usually heavy ones. Maybe Steve was already starting to rethink this relationship, before it had even really started. Could Tony blame him? Tony's past held several dark and miserable things. He was far from perfect.
"Hold him steady," Strange's voice said and Tony whirled to see Steve hovering in the doorway, and Strange standing on a painted diagram, hands outstretched, surrounded by artefacts.
Steve pulls back far enough that he's looking firmly at Tony. Tony's arms are still around him, anchoring him to reality. Steve lifts an eyebrow, trying to act braver than he feels, because that works for him on the battlefield, and what is this, if not a fight to see if he can earn Tony's affections?
"Wow, if I wear a mask my identity will really be hidden," McCoy grunts, but he's beaming down at the invitation anyway.
, so much. Everything felt so possible, all at once. If this went much further, Steve would be able to feel the chestplate, and he'd have questions, and Tony—Tony wanted to answer them all. Tony
Bruce sighed once more as he crossed his arms. Steve stood firm, but he felt like he might double over in pain from hearing that Tony didn’t trust him like he thought he had. He inhaled deeply as he stood up a bit straighter, considering maybe Tony felt more comfortable with someone who had known him longer than he had.
Steve attempted a smile, but his expression morphed into a cringe as he thought about Bucky’s implication.
“I mean, I miss being with someone, you know, it’s nice having someone to come home to after work or whatever—.”
“Excuse me?” The scientist turned around to face one of his colleagues who was helping the other with their damaged tablet, “
seeing someone right now, I wouldn’t be interested, so have one of your goons dump a bucket of iced water on you or something.” He waved Tiberius off.
“What about the security cameras, Tony?” Bruce asked, nearly dropping a damaged piece of sensitive material.
Steve winced, trying not to make the moment any more uncomfortable than it already was. They then walked over to the bar to speak with some more people before calling it night.
Back in the lab, it seemed as if they were getting along nicely, but Tony was sure it only had something to do with Steve’s solid professionalism. He wondered what it would be like to see Steve let loose once in a while.
“Thirty minutes at the most.” The doctor looked grave as she pointed them toward a section of the hallway marked “PERSONNEL ONLY”. Tony sped up with the doctor as they rushed through the doors and down the hallway. Steve easily kept up with them, but he could feel his nerves trying to overtake his composure.
“…what if we, tried…” Tony shrugged as he moved his hand inward across Steve’s thigh toward his crotch, “maybe—”
“It’s okay…” Tony finally let out. Even if Steve had just been all over him because he was drunk, wouldn’t that be a good sign? Tony considered it. He attempted to weigh the pros and cons, but Steve was making it difficult for him to focus.
Steve cringed, trying to hold the bag behind his back as he turned to face Bucky who had the widest grin on his face.
“…sorry…” Tony said quietly, preventing himself from attacking Steve. He took a hold of Steve’s hand, now struggling with speaking from being overwhelmed by his emotions.
And Steve. Tony groaned. What was it about this whole thing with Steve that was driving him senseless? Okay, so at the dinner, Steve seemed into whatever vibe Tony had picked up toward the end. They went home together, even if it was for some cake. Steve brought up Bucky—Tony groaned again. But Steve
“Uh, I’ll walk you out, Tony…” Steve stammered as he crossed in front of Sam, trying to avoid eye contact with his friend.
“…and if anything, external forces have been trying to stop us since we started this project.” Steve crossed his arms.
Bucky nodded before patting Steve on the shoulder again. “Just take it easy. You guys used to talk all the time before.”
“Yep! Actually, I just remembered that I left something with Bucky and Sam! I’ll be right back!” Steve pressed the button to the lobby multiple times through a surge of terror before the doors finally opened.
“I’m going after him.” Steve responded without hesitation as he slid toward the opening of the helicopter.
Tony scrunched up his face, still skeptical about the message. “J.A.R.V.I.S., read me the contents of the message, please.”
Tony turned to see Steve and Bucky talking with Sam on the other side of the space. Tony watched Steve speak with one of Sam’s in-laws; from time to time Steve would take a moment to look over in Tony’s direction with a smile.
He had a plan in case the conversation proved to be too awkward. Although reluctant to help Tony avoid his problems, Rhodey had agreed to call Tony and act as if there was an emergency in case things got dicey with Pepper. Mostly Tony wanted to avoid telling her that he loved and missed her terribly and possibly beg for her to come back to him.
“I couldn’t sleep, so I thought maybe I would look through some of the legal documents in the lab before you arrived.” Steve avoided eye contact with Tony as he walked into the lab. He hesitated before going any further near where Tony had put out the fires. He had been in dangerous situations before, but he had hoped to avoid accidents on his first working day at Stark Industries.
Tony walked up to the setup with Rhodey and Pepper, finding Bruce and Natasha already seated. They sat down, chatting for a bit, coupled in pairs with Tony sitting directly in the middle. As he listened to his friends, all he could think about was that the day had finally arrived where his friends were in great, healthy relationships and he had just gotten into an argument with his ex-boyfriend after having sex.
He waited anxiously for the elevator to arrive, now fidgeting with various items that decorated the space in front of the elevator entrance.
Steve, ever since becoming close to Tony and working well with his team, staunchly believed in Synergy's importance and ability to actually save lives. While he agreed that the device should be at its safest, he feared that the program would be terminated if the team didn’t press forward.
Steve waited a bit before walking toward his lab. He sighed to himself, mulling over what happened to Clint and the current status of Synergy. As he walked, he passed one of the labs encased in frosted glass he usually past on route to his lab. However, something, like his first day, caught his attention out of the corner of his eye.
A splash of water coupled with riotous laughter hit Steve in the face as he opened his eyes to find Tony splashing water in his direction. Steve grinned as he splashed Tony back before trying to grab him to pull back to his side. Tony barely struggled as he let Steve drag him through the water, straddling Steve once more as he took a moment to caress his face before kissing him.
Loki kept grinning, but then his face relaxed as he rested both hands on his hips. “Sorry to hear about Clint.”
Steve still looked uncomfortable, but Tony continued. “Look, Steve…” he paused, “I mean it when I say I want us to be friends…I really do…” He nodded as he stared back intently at Steve while also trying to tell himself that.
He really thought it was. Although they hadn’t agreed on it before going out, the conversation during dinner and the rest of the night had suggested it was. As he tried to take Bucky’s dating advice a little too literally, Steve thought he would try to convey to Tony that he was interested as it became clear, as the evening progressed, that the latter appeared to be strangely tentative.
Steve then guided Tony and Peter into the apartment building and up to the unit. They settled in the kitchen talking about the week as Steve finished plating dinner.
“How was dinner?” Pepper gathered her jacket and purse, which were sitting on top on an avant-garde-looking statue.
Bucky then looked around before slapping Steve on the ass with his bionic arm, causing his friend to yelp loudly as the few people standing between the aisles and the pharmacy technician turned to gawk at them.
“Our newest team member is proving to be a great asset. Excellent work!” Thor nearly shouted out in the hallway which caused Steve to blush again.
Steve waited with Tony until the car the latter had ordered arrived. He flinched a little as Tony reached over to give him a hug. He managed to hug him back, but it felt uncomfortable. Tony patted him on the shoulder with a grin before opening the door to the backseat.
did Mr. Barnes say?” He teased, yet to Steve, Tony didn’t sound as good-humored as he was apt to be.
Access codes still undisclosed. The upgrades to the device appear more robust than the original. However, when the opportunity presents itself, do whatever you need to do to get into that lab. And wipe all email traces.
much shit to do today.” Tony grinned at Steve as he filled his plate before pouring a cup of coffee.
“…Steve…I…you’re…the…sexiest person I’ve ever been with…” he cringed as soon as the words left his mouth.
Tiberius winced before visibly taking the hint. He smiled at Tony before backing away, holding his hands up in retreat.
“Then don’t.” But before one of the scientists could finish his statement, Thanos had spun around to glare at him.
Bucky waved his hand with a grin. “Hopefully it won’t come to that, but he’ll play nice since it’s his graduation.”
Sam shook his head as his laughter subsided. “Nothing, Steve. I’m glad you and Tony are working well together.”
After another minute or two of Tony laughing and Steve staring awkwardly, Tony straightened up and wiped his eyes. He was wearing the biggest grin which annoyed the crap out of Steve.
“Uh…” Tony started, “I think I might just take a shower instead…” he quickly hopped off the bed before walking into the bathroom, “feel free to sleep here.” He added before disappearing.
A few hours later and Tony and Steve were back in their lab. They had taken Tony’s helicopter to the abandoned factory and ran a few sequences through the device. While they worked, Tony continued to quiz Steve on details about himself. As Tony was giving Steve a hard time about what he liked to do on his days off—which, as you know, mostly consist of staying home and making dinner—Steve noticed that it was nearly time for them to head back.
Steve sighed, remembering saying those exact words to Tony. He took a step toward Tony, trying to come up with something to diffuse the tension.
Tony turned slightly to look at Steve, smiling shyly before leaning over the side of the bed he usually slept on. He shuffled around a bit, pulling some things from out underneath the bed until he found the thing he was searching for. Tony sat up straight, breathing deeply, trying to steady himself so he wouldn’t forget what he wanted to tell Steve.
Steve laughed back, even louder this time. “Yeah, Sam’s grateful T’Challa took over most of the planning…”
Steve wasn’t sure what to do. Should he touch him? Would Tony even prefer to be comforted that way given their current tension? They sat in silence with only the music playing softly in the background before Tony reached over to grab another record. Steve watched Tony turn the record over; in the corner was a neat signature. It was faint, but Steve could discern that the signature belonged to an “H. Stark.”
“Often stress manifests itself in a new job or a new relationship.” Strange uncrossed his arms to slide them into his pockets.
Both Fury and Agent Hill ignored Loki’s pleas as they walked briskly to the command center at S.H.I.E.L.D.’s headquarters.
Steve shook his head as best as he could, kissing the back of Tony’s neck. “It’s okay, Tony. Let’s get some sleep, okay?”
Tony hummed as he pressed downward into Steve’s body, losing himself again. He felt Steve push up into his body, feeling his backside with both hands as one hand traveled downward to squeeze his ass. Tony moaned as he felt Steve squeeze him, rubbing himself against Steve’s leg before moving his body to hump Steve’s hardening cock he could feel through the fabric of their clothing.
Tony let out a pretend groan as he slapped the countertop once more with a closed fist but not too hard. Steve laughed as he clapped for Peter who ran toward Tony with the mask.
Tony nodded back as he crossed his arms. “The board is dragging its feet on this thing, but I think we can make a solid case for letting the government pick up Synergy. Also, we can use what we learned from this fiasco to make—”
Bruce nodded as he adjusted his eyeglasses. “It wasn’t clear from the footage, but if Thanos is trying to construct something similar to the device, it’ll be more or less in the same spot. Shuri’s working on cleaning up more of the footage with Natasha down at S.H.I.E.L.D.”
Rhodey nodded but didn’t add anything. Tony could tell that his friend was waiting for him to say something more about Steve, but Tony couldn’t say out loud that he thought maybe he was in love in Steve; saying it out loud, even to Rhodey, would make everything all too real and terrifying.
Steve nodded a little. “I’m sorry for leaving so quickly,” he sighed before continuing, “I wasn’t feeling well from the party…”
Tony hit the floor in the space between the two beds with a loud thud. As he reeled from the impact, he looked up to see the mattress dip and rise with Steve’s body before he looked over the edge of the bed downward at Tony.
Thor sighed as he hung his head. “I thought I could reason with you before speaking with Fury…you doctored security tapes once, so I know you were capable of doing it again…”
“Uh, hold up, Rogers,” Tony interrupted with a grin, “yachting with T’Challa sounds too good to pass up.”
Steve was tempted, but he wasn’t sure if he should. Everyone who had whatever the drink was seemed completely out of it. Besides not a fan of drinking, Steve feared he might do or say something stupid around Tony.
Tony felt guilt shoot through his body. He had a great time with Steve; he just felt too old to get tripped up over someone who might not be seriously interested in him.
He sighed once more as he placed the tablet he was holding on the console. “I was originally given the command to do whatever I needed to do to get into the lab, but I couldn’t do it…Loki must have attacked…Mr. Barton after I left that evening…”
Tony grabbed Steve even harder as he kneaded Steve’s ass with his hands. He widened his legs to let Steve drop down further against his body which cause Steve to shift his body weight against him, grinding his cock up against Tony’s. As he felt his body react, Tony moaned loudly through their kiss, feeling Steve up against him; even through their clothing, Tony could feel Steve getting hard.
“I don’t know if it’s me or if you don’t want to talk about it, but I wanted to talk to you about it…when you were ready, of course…but I guess you never were…”
Thor hoisted Loki over his shoulder before walking over to Steve who was now standing upright, but still somewhat reeling from being smacked in the face with kitchenware. Loki screamed for Thor to put him down as Thor marched out of the building.
“You know what…” Tony started as his voice grew quieter, “you can help me with something that is more work-related…”
Both women nodded at the other before Whoberis rounded the desk to grab a tablet, seemingly ignoring Steve and Tony’s overt antics.
Tony shook his head with glee. “Shuri’s awesome, Sam. I’m thinking about asking her to work at Stark Industries, if she wants to, of course.”
“Tony, that’s not funny…” Tony knew Steve knew he was referring to his recurring nightmare about the night his parents died, “…but I know you’re just trying to make light of the situation…”
“That seemed easy to come up with.” Tony could tell from the sound of Steve’s voice that he wasn’t too far behind him.
“I’m going to, uh…” Tony wiped his face as he braced himself with both hands against the console wreckage, “…spend some more time down here looking through this shit. I’ll see you later, okay?”
“Thanks, Pepper.” Tony stared at his phone for a second or so after Pepper hung up. He smiled as he rejoined Steve in the lab.
He groaned as he leaned up against the headboard. Having this recurring nightmare was the worst when he was alone. He had his friends, but his friends weren’t around all the time and they also had other obligations. He had Peter, but it wasn’t the same.
"Actually, Anthony…" Obadiah placed his sandwich down on his plate before wiping his hands off with a napkin, "I'm glad I have you here alone—”
Steve scrunched up his face causing Tony to roll his eyes again. “You’ve heard of hyperbole before right, Rogers?”
Usually, Steve would only stay over at Tony’s when Peter was with his aunt, so the two would only spend the night together maybe once or twice a week. Even so, those couple times during the week, when they weren’t working in the lab, were the most exciting for Steve.
Tony cooed again as he took his time looking around the space. “Jesus fucking Christ. This place is sweet!”
Although he wasn’t in the mood to hear it, Tony appreciated Rhodey’s sentiment. He hung his head, fiddling around with the cutlery.
Tony thought about the proposal before nodding. “I think that’s a great idea. I’ll ask him about it.”
“Well, I’m looking forward to your team’s simulation for the board, Mr. Rogers.” Obadiah offered without missing a beat.
Tony was standing in his bedroom, buttoning the cuffs to his shirt. The last few work days with Steve seemed fine; although the first day was a little awkward, after a while they fell into a comfortable rhythm with each other much like they had when they first started working together. Now, Tony was feeling more confident about his plan and was looking forward to getting some personal time with Steve that night.
So, in an effort to free himself from the negativity, Tony turned on his usual charm that he saved for press events and mingled. However, with each conversation, in due course, Tony’s mind wandered back to his relationship doubts.
Tony laughed. “Yeah, I know. I wanted to. Besides, it makes for easier clean up.” He winked at Steve.
Peter giggled as he hoped off Tony’s lap to pick up his notebook that had ended up on the kitchen floor. He vigorously flipped through a few pages until he found what he was looking for.
Tony nodded back slowly, still gritting his teeth. He looked at Steve before trying to figure out some way out of the huddle, but Steve reached out a hand to place on his shoulder, rubbing it gently.
The two waited a bit before proceeding further through the space; they were still taking in the sight of the foyer of the penthouse. Having worked not too far away from it, Steve had fantasized once or twice about what his lab mate’s penthouse actually looked like, but whatever he had imagined in the past had done the real thing a severe injustice.
“I discussed this with Bruce last night. He thinks it’s probably best to test the limits on how much vibranium the device can handle beyond the already established quantity.” Tony flipped through some numbers on the image before turning slightly toward Steve.
Something about the tone in Steve’s voice made Tony want to crawl into the deepest hole and die the most painful and loneliest death.
Steve slowly withdrew his arm which allowed Tony to rushed off to the bathroom, nearly slamming the door behind him.
“I don’t think no is an option.” Steve answered in a cool, yet serious tone. He turned around to face Tony.
Steve wrapped his hands around Tony’s waist, pulling him close to his body as one hand stayed on the lower half of Tony’s backside while the other travelled upward.
“Okay, well,” Tony started as Riri waved at him as she quickly exited the lab, “nice seeing you again! And great song by the way!”
“…no one can tell me that I’m doing wrong today, whenever I see your smiling face my way…” Tony turned to wink at Steve again who was now facing him, smiling and clapping.
“Don’t worry about me, Rogers. But you did a great job.” He smiled meekly, cutting to the chase. He could tell, however, that Steve wasn’t buying it.
“Really? I knew he was a quick learner, but that’s surprising for the first week. It’s good to know that he’s fitting in.”
Steve nodded. He reached over to place a hand on Tony’s knee which resulted in Tony turning his body a little to face him to a degree. Tony placed the record down on the edge of the table next to the record player.
“…I hope you guys managed to find something to eat for dinner…” Tony stopped short before entering the kitchen. He found Steve and Peter cooking together at the stove.
Fury sighed as he hung his head low before peeking upward at the team. Some shuffled around uncomfortably.
“Are you sure you’re all right, Tony? You’re quieter than usual.” He teased toward the end with a genuine smile.
Steve crouched down before receiving a hug from Peter who nearly toppled them over from the force of the hug.
Loki, still lying on the floor, looked around. He then crawled over to a table as he watched Thor and Steve wrestle with his friends.
Tony pulled a small device out of his pocket and clicked a button. The propellers on the helicopter began spinning; it almost felt like they were in a war zone with the surge of adrenaline that shot through Steve at the sight. He immediately got his wits about him as he hustled after Tony, ducking his head as soon as he reached the helicopter.
“I know, Tony. I don’t trust him either. But I don’t think that’s a possibility.” She looked down at her hands, which were clenched together, before looking back up at Tony.
“Let’s keep at trying to figure this shit out…” He walked up to the console before facing Shuri and Bruce, “in the meantime, let’s continue with the modifications we’re making to the Synergy device so we can finish it sooner rather than later.”
Tony kept his back facing Steve as he nodded before picking up pace to get to his office. As soon as he was behind his closed office door, he could feel his chest restricting with pain, but it was different from the sensations he had been feeling earlier. Tony eyes landed on his desk as he spotted the original schematics his dad had drawn up of the Synergy device. He slowly approached the desk before angrily shoving the documents onto the floor. He turned around with a groan, slumping downward.
“Hey, Mr. Beck!” Peter happily greeted as the boys watched one of their teachers approach their robot.
Tony grinned to make the moment lighter, but he was so upset with himself for bringing up Pepper. “Uh, no. Definitely not,” he leaned closer over the table, “I’ll admit it took me a while to get over it, but we weren’t—aren’t right for each other.”
Obadiah nodded, taking his time approaching the chair. He unbuttoned his suit jacket as he sighed theatrically, sitting down in the chair with a huff. Tony nearly rolled his eyes as he tightly intertwined his hands on top of his desk.
Tiberius was grinning at him intentionally, so much so that it was beginning to make Tony feel extremely tense.
“The Synergy device is only stable because of its virbanium core. We find something to counteract that and build the same core. It’s simple.”
“Cap! You’re such a prude! You’re embarrassed that you woke up—alone, mind you—in Tony’s bed after having a dream—and not that dirty of one—about him, but nothing happened?” Sam chuckled loudly as he held his sides with his arms. Steve scrunched up his face; he got up from the table to wash his cup but mostly to get away from Sam.
The unexpected compliment caused Riri to look more cheerful than before. She straightened up a bit as it became clear that she wasn’t in trouble.
Steve nodded as he stopped a few feet in front of Tony. “…all of that time and effort needs to be put to good use somehow. The board thinks we should still try to use the device for emergencies, but I’m not too keen on the idea since we’re still trying to prevent security breaches…”
It wasn’t until about a month ago that Steve realized that he had gone a whole week without thinking about Synergy or Tony Stark. Yet, when the memories resurfaced on occasion, Steve had trouble processing the outcome, though he pressed on in order to get through his days.
“Mr. Stark! We’re so glad you could make it!” One of the doctors shouted over residual helicopter wind as she and the other doctors greeted Tony and Steve.
His heart had long stopped racing from nerves; it was now racing with excitement and possibility. He felt a hand caress his shoulder again. He looked over to see Tony smiling at him.
The group assembled on the yacht before casting off. During the entire trip, Steve tried to get Tony alone, but the latter had been too social with everyone else on board to steal a private moment. They sailed around a bit, everyone else enjoying themselves as Steve internally struggled over talking with Tony.
Tony smiled to himself as he heard Steve panting heavily, bucking upward into his body, at one point swearing to himself as he held onto Tony even tighter.
“That’s not funny, Tony!” Steve lightly shoved Tony before sitting back onto his heels. He meant to scold Tony further, but he couldn’t help but stare as he watched his fellow novice spy partner’s face change.
Fury shook his head. “Nope. He only wants to talk to you, Stark,” he turned to look at Steve who was sitting at the table, “and Rogers. Didn’t say why, but I bet it probably has something to do with the promotional tour.”
Tony smirked as he turned to close the fridge. “You want Pamplemousse instead?” He walked back over to Peter to make sure he wasn’t splashing more food all over the place.
“As you all know, Project Synergy was abandoned over a year ago. However, if you know anything about Tony Stark, you should expect the unexpected…”
. I haven’t even opened it yet.” One of Steve’s best friends and roommate, Sam Wilson, was holding the course of Steve’s future in his hands: an official Stark Industries emblazoned envelope.
He thought about the way his new lab mate had sketched the image of the vibranium core. As he moved from console to console, Tony had noticed out of the corner of his eye Steve sketching and notating in his notebook. Tony took a moment to observe his mannerisms as Steve illustrated the core, taking note of the care Steve made with every stroke of his pencil.
Through his usual press daze, Tony finally entered the main part of the mansion, descending the grand staircase. He looked around, smiling for everyone as they noticed his arrival. His smile was on autopilot; he felt empty inside having to put on a show for the company and with Steve possibly present. For the presentation on Tony’s facial alteration device, the board had rented out space in the upper East Side in an historic house with a few restored balconies. The board had invited everyone in the industry, including members from the former Synergy project.
Steve turned over onto his side as he wrapped a hand around Tony’s waist. “Tony…remember when you told me I could be vulnerable with you?”
“It says…” Shuri started, “that the weapon is within…five to ten feet of us…” She slowly turned her head to scan the room.
“Tony, are you okay?” Steve asked quietly, using one hand to prop himself up so he can look down at Tony again.
Tony, now expressing horror, rapidly shook his head a few times. “What? No, I’m just being honest like we talked about.”
Steve nodded before rising from his seat to head to the back of the cabin to retrieve some coffee from the built-in bar. He came back to their seats to find Tony fiddling around with the controls on his chairs.
Tony had hired Riri Williams as his research assistant about a few months ago after she completed her undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering from Columbia University. It seemed only right considering she was the one who had figured out early on that the chip Howard Stark had originally constructed for the Synergy device was actually a key that triggered the device’s emergency wiring. She was working on a few projects for Tony but the most pressing was now this documentary a film crew had contacted Tony about a while back.
Although he had felt hopeful post-interview, Steve couldn’t help but be a little annoyed by the tech genius’ infamous eccentric personality. Something about the man seemed wholly arrogant and a little standoffish. The others in the interview, Nick Fury, Pepper Potts, and Obadiah Stane appeared to be quite interested in Steve’s background and continuing education. Yet, Tony acted like he couldn’t be bothered to be there. Steve remembered trying not to make a face when it was clear that Tony didn’t even know which university he was attending.
“Sir?” An agent had approached Fury who was standing in the middle of the space, resting his hands on his hips.
“I think it’s good for building team morale.” Thor cheerfully chimed in. He was taking up most of the space near the front where Fury and Bruce were crammed. Fury was practically pinned to the front against the table and Bruce was half sitting on the table and half standing.
Steve couldn’t help himself as he smiled back down at Peter. He shook his head a few times before wagging a finger at Tony.
“Tony, it’s all right. I understand, okay?” Steve nervously chuckled before he freed a hand to run through his hair. Tony felt like interrupting again; he didn’t want Steve to completely pull away from him.
Tony shook his head as he walked away from the balcony. “It’s been a week, Banner. He should have reached out. He knows how screwed up my relationship with my dad was.”
“This is the best thing for us. Just trust me, okay?” Tony stared at Steve, trying not to cry again.
“Do you know when they launched Sputnik?” Peter asked, mispronouncing the name of the famed Russian satellite.
“No, we came all the way out here to protect Synergy and I don’t like bailing on something when I’ve already committed to it.” Steve said with resolute.
As soon as Steve answered, Bucky choked on a sip of his coffee, and Sam took his time looking over at Steve.
Steve didn’t wait to find out what the others thought. He promptly marched out of the space before anyone could stop him.
Steve smiled weakly, but he couldn’t have the conversation he wanted with Tony at the moment because they were close to disembarking.
Steve patiently watched the man shuffle about, more curious than anything else by Bruce’s intensity. He was still a little confused by Synergy and its goals, but it helped seeing the device they were tasked to use. Steve had never seen anything like it, let alone the elaborate presentation one of the interns probably cobbled together the night before.
Steve found May’s contact profile and dialed the number, noting to himself that he should add her contact information to his favorites list. He waited a few seconds until the call surprisingly connected.
They kissed each other for some time like they had last night before Tony pulled away from Steve to smile at him, sitting up straight to stretch. He then shuffled off the bed before stretching some more.
Steve blushed as he turned to face Tony, trying to remind himself that Tony’s personality was inherently flirtatious.
Tony crumpled up the note in his hand as he felt his eyes well up with a stream of unexpected tears. He sat on the edge of the bed, quietly sobbing to himself before unfurling the note to read it again. He wasn’t sure what to do; it would have been nice if Steve had listened to him before and not kept the diary, but it was good to hear that he was sorry.
Tony let Steve hug him as he hugged back. They held still for a moment before Tony could feel the dull sensation in his chest again. He placed a hand on Steve’s chest before disengaging himself. He smiled as he patted Steve on the shoulder, turning around to face his console. He felt Steve rub his shoulder before letting go.
“This weapon is the most improved version,” Nebula began, “so it’ll get the job done no matter what, Gamora.”
As Tony filed through the information on the buyers, Steve came up to join him at the console. Ever since their talk from the beginning of the week, both were doing their best not to step on each other’s toes. Although they had managed to complete work effectively together, per usual, the camaraderie they usually experienced had dissipated quite a bit.
It was later in the week and Tony was having an emergency meeting with Pepper in her office; Pepper was sitting at her desk with Tony sitting on the opposite side, trying to look as relaxed as possible.
“Steve, stop!” Tony wiggled around in Steve’s grasp. He could tell that although Steve was trying to get him to stay, he would let him go if he was truly serious.
Steve smiled at him before placing his water glass on the counter behind them. He walked ahead of Tony before turning around with his hand outstretched.
Peter nodded slowly, clearly put off by Tony’s tone. Tony took in a deep breath as he approached the bed to sit on the edge of it.
Steve moaned as Tony started sucking on his cock, taking his time at first before moving faster. Steve placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder, trying not to squeeze too tightly. Tony licked up and down before straightening up again. He grinned at Steve, removing the rest of his clothes before helping Steve with his.
“Steve, wait a sec,” Tony grabbed Steve’s arm before he could get further down the hallway, “I have to tell you something…”
“Also…take your time, Tony. You’re great and you deserve the best. Just take your time.” He lingered, tapping his fingers a few times on the door before finally closing it.
Tony smiled meekly. “Thanks, Rhodey. I really appreciate it,” he then fluttered his eyelashes as he changed the fluctuation in his voice, “and it helps having someone as big
Rhodey shook his head. “Tony. I don’t think you messed up. Based on your updates, I’ve been impressed actually with how well your relationship with Steve seems to be progressing—”
Perhaps learning from the last fight Steve and Tony had in public, everyone else just looked at one another as Tony and Steve glared at each other. After a moment of silence, an awkward cough from Clint, and Shuri looking around at everyone else to gauge an appropriate reaction, Bruce motioned toward Fury, attempting to redirect the tension in the room.
“So, we’re going to use this to power the Synergy thing?” Clint had risen from his chair, leaning so much over the table that his head almost penetrated the image of the vibranium.
“Tony? Are you going to be okay?” Bruce asked. Tony could tell that his friend was trying to mediate between being concerned for his safety and the tension he had recreated with Steve.
“Okay. Now that we’ve gotten introductions out of the way, let’s begin, shall we?” Fury clapped his hands together as everyone took the remaining seats at the table. The lights dimmed as Fury began explaining Project Synergy, holding a clicker in his hand. Steve could barely control his excitement as he whipped out a notebook and a pencil from his knapsack.
Tony walked into his bathroom to fix his hair, taking a moment before walking out into the bedroom again.
Tony nodded, feeling the lump in his throat again. He held onto Steve, rubbing the back of his head, trying to find something to say, but couldn’t really articulate his thoughts clearly as he prevented himself from crying.
“Uh,” Tony began, not really sure what he was trying to say, but he didn’t want to talk about Bucky, “that’s cute…” He finally answered.
Steve cleared his throat again. “Synergy has the ability to replicate any material possible…due, uh, to its vibranium core,” Steve kept his eyes on his notes before looking up at Tony, “it’s not only stable, but efficient.”
He backed away from the door, waiting anxiously for any response before the door opened slowly, revealing Bucky.
Steve turned around to acknowledge Bruce who then walked up to the console to fiddle around with the image of the Synergy device. Steve watched him pull the device apart. Bruce then zoomed into one of the pieces, running a scan. Both men studied the data has it raced up the screen.
“Is it safe to assume that the board also sent you an invitation to this thing?” Tony used drinking out of his glass and looking away somewhat to steady himself.
Steve grinned at Tony; he knew Tony had taught his son to greet him formerly, which he found both cute and reassuring.
“I’m not better than anyone I know, and I haven’t gotten to know yet. Just human.” Steve was serious as he retorted his friend’s otherwise kind statement. He hated being the center of attention and any egoistical behavior that came with it. It was more or less the same with being called “Cap”.
Steve moaned quietly as he continued to press down into Tony’s body, shifting to the side for a second as Tony managed to pull his pants down more. Steve turned onto his back to pull his pants off as Tony did the same; they reached for each other as soon as they were just in their boxers, now vigorously rubbing up against each other.
Tony groaned as he sat down on a free, undamaged patch on the floor, staring at the diary. It was more than cosmic cruelty that Steve had ended up in the hospital while the diary essentially came out unscathed.
Both Steve and Tony nodded as they rose from their chairs. Mr. Beck walked ahead of them to open the classroom door.
He winced as he rose from the bed, trying to stretch out his aches and pains before limping out of Peter’s room. He followed the sound of laughter to the kitchen to find Peter and Tony eating breakfast at the island.
Clint, who was sitting at the conference table next to Natasha, leaned into his friend’s personal space.
Tony chuckled as Rhodey looked back and forth between them, making it obvious that Steve and Tony’s shameless flirting was too saccharine for him to handle.
Natasha sighed as she nudged Clint in the side before giving Steve a more sensible hug. “It’s good to see you, Rogers.” She pulled away to smile at Steve who was still blushing.
Less than forty-five minutes later, Tony was at Steve’s, standing in the middle of his living room, looking at Steve before looking at the couch, not really sure where to sit. Steve seemed unaware of Tony’s internal dilemma as he motioned for Tony to sit with him on the couch.
Tony nodded. “Okay, wait for the device to finish generating the detonator, then we’ll set it up and get the fuck out of here.”
“I think we should keep both options open for the moment,” Fury had leaned forward to answer Obadiah as Tony took his time even acknowledging the comment, “we have a meeting after this with the team to discuss these future plans.”
Tony looked at Steve as he kept laughing, rolling from side to side on the bed. Steve scowled as he watched Tony laugh for a good minute or so.
Tony shook his head. “I’m fine, but I don’t think we’re dealing with run-of-the-mill buyers. Let’s get out of here.”
Steve nodded to indicate that he was also close, hugging Tony’s body with both hands as he began to grind faster against his body. Tony gasped then groaned as he came, prompting Steve to do the same. Steve stayed on top of him, letting his body convulse a little as he came on Tony’s stomach.
He paused for a few seconds, hanging his head before looking back up at the group again, “…that doesn’t mean much if there’s something counteracting it in the first place…especially with whatever Thanos is trying to accomplish.”
Tony thought again. Tony moved his head away from Steve who continued to kiss him. He couldn’t say his thoughts out loud; they had just confirmed the status of their relationship.
Tony cleared his throat. “…uh I was just doing some work in the office before you got here, so…” He laughed as he pointed in the direction of the office before walking toward it.
Bruce took another moment before responding. “…Tony…I’ve never heard you complain about Steve before…”
“Uh, well, this is my fault. I told Bucky about the dinner and he joked about giving Tony 'the talk'. Just once, Steve! Come on.” Sam rolled his eyes as Steve groaned upon learning that Bucky was talking about him behind his back about the possibility of him fooling around with Tony.
Before Steve could respond, the stray robot Tony had helped Peter and Ned create for their school’s science fair grabbed the giant fair banner that was hanging over head in the middle of the auditorium in the school’s gymnasium. The robot swung its banner clad arm around as it spewed nonsense, knocking into another stand that held a bubbling fake volcano. Steve reacted instinctively, grabbing Tony to find some cover. The hysterical commotion in the space rose as students, teachers, and parents ran around shouting, trying to avoid the rampant path of the robot.
Tony nodded, kissing Steve back, feeling the continuing deluge of unrestrained tears. He felt a sensation in his chest, but it wasn’t as distressing as the other times when the feeling emerged. Actually, this time, Tony realized that it was just his body’s way of telling him that he felt close to Steve, closer than he’s ever been with anyone.
Tony returned the stare. Both men glared at each other for another moment before Obadiah clapped his hands together, changing his tone.
Steve had left earlier that day to go for a run, attempting to use it as an opportunity to process his emotions. He ran back to the apartment not long after Tony had left to find Bucky standing in the kitchen drinking a cup of coffee. Steve acknowledged him with a nod before stretching in the middle of the living room.
As soon as the meeting arrived at a logical end point, Tony quickly gathered up his things before marching out of the conference room. Pepper followed him, managing to catch up with him at the private express elevator.
The three shuffled around plating their food until everyone was ready to head into the dining room. There was a long hand-crafted dining room table in the middle of the space, large enough to seat at least twenty people. Steve noticed that Tony had arranged some chairs at the head of the table so that the three of them weren’t too far apart from one another. Tony helped Peter with his plate and his chair before motioning for Steve to sit down next to Peter. Steve blushed again as Tony pulled his chair out for him.
Tony had to prevent himself from grimacing at the comment. He was over the melodramatics with Bucky.
The voice brought Tony back to reality as he reluctantly pulled himself away from Steve, but only a little; he now had a hand on Steve’s chest and Steve was still holding him close. Despite their current position, Tony managed to quarter turn to face one of the buyers' people addressing him.
Riding the private express elevator down to their lab felt like an eternity, as Steve kept thinking about the way Tony looked the previous night. He had to prevent himself from racing out of the elevator as soon as its doors opened. He walked as casually as possible down the hallway until he reached the lab, spotting Tony working alone.
Steve pushed into his body, taking his time before going faster. Tony moaned and squirmed underneath him, letting Steve push more into his body.
Tony was sitting at his desk while Peter and Steve played around with the controls on a small console in the corner of his office. He watched Peter show Steve the schematics to the new robot they were planning to build, and Steve listened intently with a level of patience Tony could only admire. Watching them interact felt both familial and strange to Tony; something about seeing Steve and Peter like this confirmed his feelings toward Steve, and he found himself doubting their relationship less.
But before Tony could punctuate the end of his sentence, the crowd began wildly scurrying toward the exits, completely ignoring Tony’s previous call for a calm exit. Some people started shouting about getting to the tram before it left. Several people shoved each other out of the way, knocking all the displays down in their path. A few of the attendees jumped over and under tables, and at one point there was a toddler, standing next to a knocked-over display, crying from all of the commotion.
Pepper and Tony were standing near the entrance to the private express elevator in Tony’s penthouse. Peter had long disappeared into his room to tinker with some scraps Tony had salvaged from a failed experiment earlier that week.
Tony nearly screamed out loud, losing his shit as he watched Steve half undress. He couldn’t leave now for fear of offending Steve, but he also couldn’t stay for fear of accidentally (or really on purpose) touching Steve. His brain almost short circuited as he watched Steve slide into the bed and pat the empty space next to him. Tony couldn’t believe what was happening.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., run the test again.” Tony proceeded to sway with the music as he watched the numbers race up the screen.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., lights.” Tony called, sitting on the edge of the bed. He sighed loudly to himself before yanking his tie off.
As soon as the elevator reached the lobby, the doors popped open with Bruce walking out ahead of Tony.
Although everything with Steve seemed perfect so far, Tony knew he needed to keep his distance. There was no way this could last if he opened up more; this thing with Steve needed to stay where it was and there was no point in trying to make it into anything more.
And it wasn’t the cushions on the sofa Steve had been lying on that disrupted his sleeping schedule, Actually, the sofa had been the cushiest piece of furniture Steve had ever come in contact with, but somehow his amounting sense of dread he had been dealing with since coming to terms with having a serious conversation with Tony about their relationship prevented Steve from appreciating the plushy sofa.
Steve used to count to himself as a kid when he couldn't sleep. Now counting before bed just gives him nightmares. He does his counting in the morning now.
"Thinking's overrated," Steve said, moving like he was going to kiss Tony again, and then he tensed a little and straightened instead, frowning down at the content of Tony's table. "Are you still working on Jim?"
It was a chaotic jam of hectic events; as soon as Iron Man put one fire out, Tony Stark had to go put another out. His company was trying to implode too. It was just one crisis after another and Tony had barely even
"This is ridiculous," Tony said, narrowing his eyes at Strange, waving his hands in front of Strange's face. "I'm right here. Hello!"
"Wow." The blows were just going to keep on coming, weren't they? Tony puffed out his cheeks briefly and moved his hands to his hips just to give himself something to do with them that didn't involve punching Steve in the face. "I'm sorry you were
It made so much horrible sense. Tony hated that his initial impulse was to push it all aside. So what if he wasn't good enough to be at Steve's side? Surely the small moments with him, if they were all Tony could have, would be
Tony felt like maybe—maybe he could breathe again. "I know the secret identity thing is—" he started, rushing the words out.
Steve's supporters were equally and creatively vicious. It was innocent at first – a few hexes and jinxes here and there. Scott managed to hit Tony with an
"I think you've said enough," Tony said. He glared at Steve, hating that there was still a spark of hope in his gut. That maybe Steve didn't mean it. He tilted his head. Bravery was stupid at this point, but dignity was out of his grasp, so it was all he had right now. "Unless you have anything else you want to add?"
Steve frowns. "Are you having trouble finding the right words?" That's something he can definitely understand, because he still hasn't formulated the right way to let Tony know that Steve knows he's Iron Man. Not without having an awkward conversation he
Tony Stark had a weakness he didn't want anyone to know about. His heart troubles were still relatively unknown, but there was a weakness he wanted to keep under wraps just as tightly as he kept a hold on Iron Man's secret identity: kids. Particularly sad kids. Even more specifically: sad, sick, lonely kids stuck in a hospital for the holiday period.
"Steve," Tony breathed. This was agony. Where the fuck was Strange? Why had everyone but Steve given up on him? Why wasn't someone hauling Steve's dumb ass out of the med lab? What good was it doing
Steve couldn’t raise his eyebrow any higher. He tried regardless. "I appreciate optimism in a scenario like this, but—"
"I...wondered," Steve said, still mumbling. His cheeks were pink. "That's why I couldn't tell you. About Sarah."
Steve joined him as the reporter wrapped up a brief interview with him; he stood out of view of the camera, keeping close to a wall, looking uncomfortable. Tony was okay with being the only one on camera; now the Avengers were an international rather than a purely-American endeavor, they could do with some good press, and Tony was exceptional when it came to that sort of thing.
Steve stares judgmentally, because Tony shouldn't know that; Iron Man was the one privy to that conversation. "Iron Man tell you that?" he asks, trying not to sound as peeved as he feels. If Tony wants to keep his identity as Iron Man secret for as long as possible, he's going to have to work much harder.
Tony waved his arms experimentally. "Hello?" No one responded. He had to say he actually wasn't even surprised. The lack of shock didn't stop him from staring down in dismay at his unconscious body and the blue lines crackling over it.
show back up to the ball, and as much as Steve tries to tell himself he's not disappointed, it's a lie. And he can't even blurt out once they're back at the mansion that Tony is Iron Man without having to untangle the reason why he knows that. Even Steve knows there's no graceful way to explain that he knows who Tony is because he's obsessed with Iron Man's thighs. And he can't say it without Tony knowing Steve was the one who kissed him like that, and Steve can't think back to that kiss without a modicum of embarrassment.
"You’re cold," Steve said, slowly. Shit. Cold wasn’t good. Cold really wasn’t good. Cold meant Iron Man’s body was putting all its blood-flow to his core. His blood pressure would be dropping, too. Hypothermia was becoming a real risk. Iron Man was losing too much blood. One of the pipes looked like it had gone more cleanly through him, as there wasn’t too much blood leaking from that wound. But the flower one, the
This was not how he ever imagined ever kissing Iron Man before. He had pictured it. The details of Iron Man’s face had always escaped his imagination, but Steve had still managed to think about it, over and over. It would happen in a battle, he’d thought, both of them so full of jubilation and success that Iron Man would lift his faceplate and they’d just stare at each other, adrenaline coursing through their veins, and Steve would get to see those familiar blue eyes up close and personal as they kissed in celebration.
T'Challa and Thor were at Tony's body, holding him down by the shoulders; Carol was holding Steve back.
The music, noise, and heat hit him like a wall. Steve blinks against the brightness of it and then sets about finding Jan. She's almost as easy to find as Beast had been. She's standing by the bar and she looks incredible, of course; her dress is based on the Queen of Hearts and it's intricately sewn. Her mask is a riot of red and black feathers and her mouth is turned up at the edges in the way she smiles when she's having fun.
"Something in particular keeping you up?" Tony muttered. He didn't look Robbie directly in the eye; he knew that made it easier for the teen to talk about vulnerable things.
"Hush, I was trying to sound generous," Jan says, making Steve laugh. She sips her drink, a cocktail with a fancy little umbrella perched in it. "I was talking to the bartenders, apparently Tony paid the staff not to serve him. Heaven knows how they're supposed to tell which one he is." Jan squints into the crowd. Steve feels his cheeks heat up again, which he thinks is unfair and ridiculous; he's blushed more today than he thinks he ever has. "Maybe it's mandatory when you make more than a million to grow a mustache."
"Of course I did," Steve's forehead wrinkled at Happy's statement. "You're Mr. Stark's driver. Why would I forget you?"
"Precisely." Tony took pity on Steve. "We get the tree every year as a gift from Latveria, in return for—I honestly don't remember. It may have been the Dark Dimension invasion. Or perhaps it was a bribe to stop us continually abusing his time platform. Anyway. We're promised the most
look Steve in the eye, his blue eyes shining with a different kind of pain. One Steve felt the echo of. It was different to the pain of being physically impaled, but it felt like being stabbed through regardless.
"The mysterious metaphysics of Santa Claus aside," Tony said, smoothing down the beard, "maybe he has a straw hidden in his suit somewhere? I'm a big fan of hiding tiny helpful tools and gizmos in suits. You should see
hated magic and Strange was the closest thing to a personification of magic that Tony knew), but there was no reaction from any of them.
every textbook in the room to the desk, because Tony was surreptitiously charming all of them to try and smack Steve in the face. In Arithmancy, Professor Cho had to physically stand between them when a debate about whether Bridget Wenlock could be credited as fundamental to the popularity of Quidditch got too heated (Steve thought Tony was being stupid, which just seemed to make Tony's assertions louder and increasingly polysyllabic. Tony was stupid: there
There was a hint of something in Steve's voice that sounded like dismay. "Yes," Tony said, drawing out the syllable, eyes sliding up to meet Steve's gaze in trepidation. Was Steve angry? An angry Steve was never a pleasant Steve to deal with. An angry Steve spelled weeks of slammed doors and passive aggression during fights and cold quips in the meeting room.
True, Tony had seen Steve naked, and not just for hot tub fun times, or inadvertent villain escapades gone wrong; he'd seen Steve naked for truly intimate purposes, but that didn't give him any right to look at Steve naked
Tony to kiss him, and Tony felt warmth rush through him. He wasn't in a closet; he was standing on a precipice, wasn't he?
"This is insane," Steve gasped as the kiss temporarily broke, just for both of them to regain their breath. Tony tried to agree, but Steve just took it as in invitation, sliding their mouths together slickly, like he'd been thinking about it, like he'd been wanting to do it all day. Tony empathized, thoroughly.
Tony lets Steve support his whole weight and there aren't enough words to describe how much Steve likes that. How did Steve ever convince himself he could give this up? His fingers tighten with his resolve.
"You don't want to be seen arguing with me in public, huh?" Tony started to storm toward the appointed disembarkation point.
But then Steve's eyebrows knitted together, and he pushed his mouth into a line, puffed out his cheeks, and said, "I was trying to tell him that I was worried about dating him in public because of how my current public perception would damage his reputation."
"Sometimes Shell-Head is a real know-it-all," Steve agrees. "I like to think I can still surprise him, once or twice, though."
Steve looks away. Otherwise he'll stare at Iron Man's thighs and honestly, there might be drool. Steve can still feel how firm Tony's ass was, underneath his fingers, and he can feel his face heat. Shit. Thank goodness everyone's staring openly at Iron Man so Steve has time to shut that train of thought away.
"Hi," Steve echoed, fully entering the kitchen now that he'd been greeted. He was wearing casual clothing, like he'd just come from the training room. "Good evening, Mr. Hogan." Steve's mouth quirked at one side. "Santa."
Steve rolled his eyes but instead of responding right away, he scoffed as he laid back down in the bed, rolling over onto his side to face away from Tony.
They walked past a huge group of nicely dressed people gathered near the front of the mansion where valets were ushering people inside. Tony took a moment to observe his surroundings, just to see if anyone else he knew had been invited to the party. Strangely, he didn’t recognize any of Stark Industries’ usual competitors, which signaled to him that maybe Obadiah was dealing with either a new buyer or someone working on the black market.
Tony looked away as he frowned; there was Bucky again. Although Sam had seemed forthright with his insight into their relationship, Tony couldn’t help but think there was something else going on between Steve and Bucky. Maybe they dated before Sam knew them? Or maybe they fucked on one or possibly more occasions and are just cool with each other now.
Steve nodded, sticking one finger into Tony as he looked down at him. Tony was looking up at him, moaning quietly. Steve pushed into him further, feeling around before easing up. He felt himself getting hard from just touching Tony like this.
The content expression on Tony’s face deflated. “Okay, well, give me a few minutes, and maybe a shower, then I’ll drive you home.” He shuffled once more before rising from the couch. He straightened his clothes out before crossing his arms to grin at Steve.
“Yes, the board would like for you to promote your facial alteration device.” J.A.R.V.I.S. reminded Tony.
the time. It’s been a little less since he started seeing Sharon, but I can tell he misses you, Tony. You really did a number on him.” Sam explained quietly.
“Hi, Tony. It’s been so long since we’ve shared a meal.” She greeted as she pulled Tony into a hug. Tony nodded back as he reminded himself not to do something weird like smell her hair or feel up her backside during the hug.
Steve inhaled deeply as he attempted to salvage the conversation before it escalated. “…I was too concerned with what people may think about me possibly sleeping with my employer who just so happens to be older than me—”
“Steve,” Bucky groaned before continuing, “I should have talked to you about this, but I talked to Sharon about you and Tony after you guys first went out…”
A few minutes passed as Tony shook his head, now looking away from Steve, trying to figure out how to say what he wanted to say.
Steve sighed again, closing his eyes as he scolded himself for making Tony angrier, but before he could say anything, Tony brushed past him to exit the bedroom.
