He wasn't certain about what John was hiding from him, but he had figured it would be best if he took his car to look for the blonde. Just in case he had to rush him to the hospital.
Sherlock could see that John tensed before he sighed but he didn’t press the matter. John, good wonderful John did not press the matter. Instead he told Sherlock to lay back before pulling the covers over him. There was a dip in the mattress near Sherlock’s knees.
“They always have their orders John, they don’t want one of their people getting arrested to overshadow the fact Sherlock’s breathing, but I’ll give Mycroft a call, maybe he can put something around the door, stop them from gathering.” The officer stated, “But maybe you two should consider getting out of London for awhile. Get away from the madness and allow Mycroft to deal with this.”
"The sooner you get started John, the sooner I'll let the two of you leave." John stared at Sherlock's back, cursing to himself. In hindsight, it was best if they had just stayed home.
From where John stood he could see Sherlock’s chest heaving as if he had been running, though he knew that wasn’t the case. It was nearly four in the morning and he had been called By Mrs. Hudson no less than twenty minutes before. She had been worried about Sherlock and her concern colored her voice as she spoke. In the background he could hear what sounded like muffled cries of pain and he had wasted no time changing his clothes and getting into the car and making the ten minute drive to Baker Street.
The brunttee worried his lip between his teeth as the sun began to rise, his hand reaching out for the mobile on the table near his chair. He wasn’t able to say up as long as he use, he use to go days without sleep, but not now. He attributed it to the healing that his body was still doing, repairing the muscles, bones, and torn tissue in his body. But he didn’t want to sleep without someone there, which was understandable right? That’s why they could ward off the reporters if they showed and calm him down if his nightmares took another unexpected turn.
Sherlock’s mind wandered as John helped him back into his bedroom, where he sat on the edge of the bed, refusing to look at John, who broke the silence. Sherlock knew he would want answers, though he wasn’t sure if he wanted to give them.
John set his jaw as he heard the way Sherlock’s voice crack as he asked his question and the doctor vowed that when they found the bastard who thought it was a great idea to make a profit off of his friend’s suffering, he was going to make them suffer. The detective had been through enough without this trying time making front page news on every print news outlet there was in the city.
He sighs as he pushes himself away from the window as he opens his eyes and turns toward the sofa before making his towards the couch.
"Do keep struggling Sherlock, it's not going to help." Moriarty commented and the detective stopped pulling on his binds, his wrists redder than before. The criminal smirked as he walked around slightly.
“O-one of us is going to have to clean this up and it’s not going to be me and you can’t leave it for hudders to clean up either.”
"Stop--" his eyes were clenched tightly. Holding back tears save for one that rolled down his blushing cheeks.
John’s body shifted under him, his leg moving, most likely aching from having Sherlock’s weight against it, though the taller man was certain John was happier that they had made it to the couch this time instead of Sherlock going dead weight and going down in the middle of the sitting room on the hard floor, effectively pinning him there until he could get a grasp on himself enough to move. Though the brunette was beginning to wonder when John would grow tired of this, his need for some sort of physical reassurance, he had to be growing tired of it didn’t he?
Sherlock is upset, that much is obvious as he lays on the sofa facing the  back while scrunching his tall lean body on two out of three of the cushions. John silently observes his friend and flatmate from his chair across the room and thinks about how he could possibly comfort the man who has given him so much.
“I own you now Holmes.” Moran whispered and Sherlock whimpered as the grip became firmer on his face as Moran searched his face for understanding before letting go when he saw something that pleased him.
It worked out fabulously for her for a while, getting caught up in the adrenaline rush and the premises she was doing some good in the world, until she got caught up in the little game James Moriarty decided he was going to play with a detective she had never seen nor heard about before she sat up in the raptors of the pool. It was there she saw the lengths her boss would go to make sure that this game carried on, not that she minded.
Half way up the final flight, he paused as his eyes fell on to Mary, his heart stopped as he tried to process the fact that she was sitting on the couch in 221. What was she doing there? She wasn’t supposed to be there, he didn’t even remember telling her where he was and where he had been, and that was for Sherlock’s sake. He knew his friend was weary of strangers more no then he had been before, and that’s what Mary was to the detective. And not to mention he hadn’t even told Sherlock about his engagement yet, there had been more important things on his mind then the fact he was supposed to get married. And her showing up like this was not how he wanted to spring it on the man.
Staring back at him was a photo, most likely taken a few years before, but the man staring at the camera looked exactly like the one he captured coming out of Sherlock's flat and his blood ran cold.
before concern grew. He looked at the clock, he and a few more hours to go and instead of going back to his own flat, where Mary was most likely waiting, he would head to Baker Street, check on Sherlock and find out why he wasn’t answering his phone. The doctor sighed and closed his eyes as he slumped back into his chair as the receptionist paged him for another patient. He wanted to tell her to send them to the other physician because he was going to leave early because he wasn’t feeling well, but he couldn’t exactly do that. He needed the money and they were swamped as it was.
For a moment, it seemed as if his prayers were answered, the door opened revealing a tall, blonde man. One of Moriarty's men, coming to let them go, but as he stepped into the room and closed the door, it didn't seem so likely. Sherlock opened his eyes, watching the man approach the bed, his heart beating quickly in his chest as he took in the man's appearance: Ex-Military, strong, tall, larger than John, most likely in more ways than one.
“But he was proven wrong, you and Greg were looking for me.” Now Sherlock looked up at the man before him, his hands clenched on his lap, his voice low and steady as he spoke. “You didn’t have to, but you did. Just like I didn’t have to call you last night, but I did. I feel safe with you My… and at least with you I know I am not completely standing in the way of your life.”
There is a surge of anger and sadness in Mycroft's body. Slowly he moves from his chair to sit on the edge of Sherlock's bed. He moves slowly, giving Sherlock a chance to pull away as he slips his fingers under Sherlock's chin to make him look at him.
It took some effort for John to hike his jeans up high enough for him to fish his mobile from his pocket.
Other times, like now, Mycroft sits with his chair next to Sherlock's bed and a book in hand reading to him. He picks Sherlock's favorite books to read and he watches as a smile creeps onto his brothers bruised face as He listens intently.
He had left Sherlock with Moran, he himself had taken Sherlock and he didn't stop even when Sherlock begged him too. There was nothing he could do or say that would take away what had happened to Sherlock or his hand in it.
This was his chance to own Sherlock. This was his chance to tear him apart completely and own every fiber of his being, his body and mind.
John knew he couldn't just lay among the boxes and trash near him. He had to get up,  had to get home. He needed help.
John wasn't as easy to read as Sherlock would have liked. The hospital gown made things difficult but by the abrasion on John's forehead and the bandages around his wrists he had been restrained and most likely knocked about the head.
They had been passing by a magazine stand when his eyes fell upon it, his name and face plastered everywhere with one of the worst photos he had ever seen, it was him, but it wasn’t him, well not really the him he wanted to remember. It was from the hospital, the quality was poor, and the lighting was bad but he could make himself out laying on the bed in the shadows. His heart stopped, it plummeted into his stomach, he felt sick and nauseous and before he knew it he was rushing back to the flat as fast as he could.
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock could see John observing him. Guilt written across the doctors face as he looked him over like one would look over a news paper article. He knew that John was trying to find something, anything to say that would break the silence, but what could be said? What did this mean to their friendship? Did they even still have one? Sherlock wasn’t completely sure, things felt tense in the distance between them. Whether it was his feelings of humiliation and tense muscles or if it was John’s guilt, he had no idea.
“Because arresting him isn’t going to solve anything!” Sherlock finally snaps, there are tears of frustration in his eyes and he looks away from Mycroft. “Because he works for Moriarty do you think it’ll make a difference? Because it won’t. If he can order two people to have their way with me what make you think he won’t have a third.”
“All in good time.” Sebastian replied as he jabbed his elbow into John's rib cage, the pain and the surprise causing him to gasp and his grip to slacken, giving Moran the opening he needed. He twisted his body enough to get his arm between them and shoved John. Hard. The doctor stumbled backwards, tripping on his own feet as he tried to regain his footing, landing on the ground with a thud. Moran’s lips formed a smirk as John pushed himself to his feet, and in a blink of an eye, the sniper pulled a revolver from behind his back.
Moran's large foot came down on Sherlocks hand harshly causing the younger man to scream in pain as he felt something in his hand crack.
As the Mercedes pulled in front of Baker Street, he had been expecting the worst, though John Watson, having what appeared to be a domestic was not one of them, though after a few seconds it clicked. The door swung open with silent ease and he stepped out of the car, eyes flickering between John, Mary, and then up to the empty window of his brother’s flat.
“It’s alright Sherlock.” John reassured him as he stopped the movement of his fingers in and out of the detective’s body.
“When was the last time you slept?” Mycroft asked as he slipped off his shoes near the chair John usually sat.
The government official packs up his belongings and calls the People he has been working with. He tells them he needs to leave. Family emergency.
“It’s alright.” He reassured as Sherlock took a deep breath and nodded but Mycroft could see the panic begin to set in. He looked over his shoulder, they were so close to 221, and it was a clear shot, no one was coming. “Let’s get you home huh?” He asked before turning, gently pulling on Sherlock’s arm, digging the key out of his pocket as he went.
It was the first time in a while that he was alone, the flat was silent, deafening so and it just reminded him how alone he was when John wasn’t around, or anyone around for that fact. And he didn’t like it, it remind him of the silence that surrounded him in the cell that Moran held him in, it remind him of the cell that the Serbian’s kept him in while they had him. Sherlock turned and looked around, maybe he would play some classical music on his laptop, or maybe there was something on the telly he could listen to until John got back just to kill the silence.
Slowly John brought his eyes up to take a look at Sherlock's face. He didn't find shock or disgust. Instead he found his friends face told be hard, like cold stone, and his usually vibrant eyes were cloudy with anger. Not at John, no, not at him. But at who had put him there. If he was that angry now he didn't want to know how he would be if he found out what had happened. Not that John was going to tell him.
Sherlock looks nearly unrecognizable to his brother, his face is black and blue with bruises and one of his eyes is swollen shut. His right hand has been encased in a plaster cast, but what is broken, he has no idea. There is visible bruising on his arms and he can only imagine what the rest of him looks like under his gown and the blanket that covers his body.
Sticking out of the top of the book was the edge of a piece of faded yellow paper, his brow furrowed as he grasped the edge, slipping it from it from what he noted as was a spy novel. Scrawled across the page
Sherlock shifted slightly as his feet began to ache from standing for as long as he had. He was about to just forget about it for now and go grow a few different types of bacteria cultures with that was left of the milk. Though just as he was about to turn around, he saw the all too familiar sleek black car that Mycroft had pull in front of the flat. He waited until Mycroft stepped out of the car before moving to sit in his chair, grabbing his violin as he went. It needed to be tuned and he needed to pretend that he had not been waiting. Though he knew Mycroft probably saw him.
Sherlock was sleep when Mycroft entered, something the older Holmes considered to be a blessing as he took the chair that had become his over the last few days .
He has no choice but to look at the marks left on him as he attempts to wash off the last few hours. The bite marks on his neck and the bruises on his chest and hips from being grabbed and held down as Moran rammed into his body.
“I’m sorry… but I need you to come over, please, Mycroft?"  Sherlock's voice was low and hints of fear in his voice. The older Holmes knew something had to be serious if his younger brother was calling. He wasn't one to talk on the line, since he preferred to text, he had learned that early on.
“Let go John.” She repeated as she moved to push the door open, finding it didn’t particularly budge. “I don’t want to have to hurt you.”
He stood in front of the window, his pale hand pulling back the sheer curtain just enough that he could see out to the street below but those who looked up in a quick glance would not notice him standing there. This was Sherlock’s thinking and look out spot for the most part, at least when he wasn’t sprawled out on the sofa with his hands under his chin. He had been there since John left for the clinic a few hours before, watching, waiting.
The garage at the yard was still rather empty as they pulled in. The rest of the ride was spent in silence, Sherlock spending the time, thinking about what the older man had said, That wasn’t the answer Sherlock had been expecting, not really, He had been playing this over in his head since Mycroft told him this morning that the DI was going to take him to the yard with him. He imagined that Greg would be upset and annoyed at the fact he had to look out for Sherlock while trying to do his job. But thinking about it now, maybe that was just how Sherlock thought he would feel for having to be in charge of him again.
With a huff the brunette reached for the device and looked at the screen, deciding whether or not he should answer it.
“Oh.” John says in surprise as Sherlock wraps his warms around his waist, grabbing the attention of the others. He makes sure to press himself firmly against John’s warm back, taking care to lay his head on the shorter man’s shoulder.
The doctor curses himself as he hears Sherlock digging under the sink in the washroom for the medical kit kept there. it was one of the few times that their positions have changed. He is the one that needs to be cared for and Sherlock is the one doing the caring and Johns not sure how to feel about it.
He didn't even grace Sherlock with a goodbye as he turned and walked out of the building to his car. As he slipped inside of his vehicle, he decided that he would give them a chance to settle or at least give John a chance to rest before he called to check up on him.
No one spoke to him, but he could feel Sally follow him with her eyes, The DI knew the sergeant was just waiting for the right time to ask him the questions that were on her mind, but until then, that was the least of his concerns, He had spent most of the night on the phone with Mycroft, both men trying to figure out when the photo could have been taken so they could narrow it down, but their discussion had come up with nothing. The Silver haired man sighed as he placed his things in his office before heading to the break room for some well needed coffee when he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket.
"I didn't think about calling anyone." The detective inspector replied. "I was more concerned about getting John help instead of calling people."
"Give him a few days before you start asking questions. If he doesn't want to answer, leave him alone. He'll tell you in his own time."
“I’ll go get my coat.” Sherlock stated, walking to his bedroom as Mycroft stood, tossing the files back onto the coffee table before gathering the clothing he had discarded on his way in. By the time Mycroft is fully dressed again, Sherlock is barely emerging from his bedroom, but he doesn’t say anything, though by the look on his face, it is apparent something is bothering him, but the older doesn’t ask and the younger doesn’t tell.
"It's alright John. You don't have to tell me. I know. " how could he not? The ties wrists, marks to his face? Undressed below the waist, the smell of blood. John didn't need to tell him. He was an officer, he had seen rape victims before
The brunette ungraciouly flops down on the faux leather and turns to face the cushions as he curls up on his side.
"How is it your fault?" Mycroft asks his voice is cold as he speaks. "I trusted you to watch him! To look after him, To care for him when I couldn't and you couldn't even do that like you couldn't keep a Job at that surgery you got when the two of you first met. He in the  Hospital
“Sherlock, Sherlock I need you to breathe okay?” John’s voice caught his attention causing him to look up to see worry written across the other man’s features.
“Don’t ask me that...”Sherlock’s voice came out shaky. “Please.” He wanted to tell him just to go back home, to Mary. But he couldn’t. He wanted him there, needed him there actually.
Mycroft spends his time talking quietly to Sherlock, about times when they where little. When Sherlock would run around in stripped sweaters and rain boots while wearing a pirate hat, when they would sit on the beach with their parents and Sherlock would come out of nowhere and tackle him for a hug.
He was in the process of slipping his phone back into his pocket when something at the door caught his eye. He looked up to find John Watson standing just beyond the door and he stopped. A flash of anger ran through him and he pushed himself to stand.
The kettle and tea had been abandoned and now Mycroft as back in the sitting room, this time across from him in the pink arm chair. He was leaned forward slightly, listening. As if he knew that this needed to be said.
Greg rubbed the back of his neck as he thought. He could feel Mycroft's eyes drilling holes into him as he waited for his answer.
Sherlock nodded, his body tending st the touch before he relaxed into it. It was gentle and it was welcome.
The younger man nodded, reminding the government official of when he was younger, Sherlock sitting up in his room after school hiding from their parents because the shirt he had was torn or there were marks on his arms from where the other kids had grabbed him and shoved him down for being different. Mycroft supposed it was sort of like those situations where he would come and sit with him, Sherlock gradually moving closer until he was leaning against his big brother asking if the fact he was being bullied was his fault or not.
"I figured it was important, that it couldn't wait." the inspector stated as he stopped within inches of Mycroft. Up close the man looked exhausted and Greg wondered when the last time he had slept was. "How is he?"
Mycroft nodded his thanks before he walked past her and into the room. His heart stopped as his eyes landed on Sherlock in the bed.
“Just stop, please. I am not leaving, not now so stop thinking about it, stop asking and leave me alone.” The Detective stated as he stood and walked passed John and into his room, shutting his door.
"Don't." John crooked. His voice hoarse as if he was in pain or on the verge of tears, or even both. "Just- Don't. Not right now."
Mycroft stood there for a moment as he watched the detective inspector walk towards the elevator. The government official stared down at the file in his hands before giving a final glance to the elevator before turning to enter his brother's room.
It didn’t get any easier from there, more than once Mycroft had to retrieve his little brother from the office after being sent to the headmaster by his teachers for misbehavior, and after Redbeard had been put down, it had gotten worse. The fights and the instances of bullying he discovered had doubled, now if that was because Sherlock had only confided in the dog up until he had come home and found him gone and Mycroft had become the stand in a the end of the day was a mystery, but as long as Sherlock got it off his chest that was all that mattered.
The detective breathed deeply through his nose as he heard the street door open before closing softly. He tried to calm his racing heart, telling him it was no one was going to harm him, however it wasn’t working. He didn’t truly believe it, at least not until he saw who was ascending the stairs. He didn’t look up as the footsteps drew closer, instead he moved his hands from his face and his arms wrapped around his torso, hands grasping the fabric of his dressing gown pulling it tightly over his body.
“I'll be fine John, it's alright. Go.” Sherlock stated offering John what he hoped was a reassuring smile. For a moment, it seemed as if John was going to stay, but after a moment he gave a single nod and began to back up before turning around to head to the door. John was half relieved that he had been reassured he could leave, however he felt guilty at the fact he was leaving Sherlock at the mercy of Moriarty's right hand man.
It was well after sunrise before Mycroft gently slid the pillow and Sherlock’s head from his lap, pausing for a moment to make sure he had not wakened him before slowly standing. His legs were stiff and sore as he began to move, but he had expected that much for being stuck in that position for so long, but as long as that helped his brother sleep, then that was all that mattered. He stretched his limbs slightly as he made his way into the sitting room, digging through his coat pocket for his mobile before calling Anthea. It was well past the time he should have been at his office, but right now Sherlock just came first. He simply stated that he was not going to be in and that he would be doing his work from home, to which she just agreed before hanging up. Though she did sound mildly surprised at the fact he wouldn’t be in, it wasn’t like him to take a day off, and even when he was younger and Sherlock went missing, vanishing into the alleyways of London looking for a fix.
“S-stop..please.” Sherlock managed to find his voice but it came out nothing more than a whisper, and much to his horror John didn’t.
“I need to be up anyway.” Sherlock mumbled as he made his way to the window to stand for a few moments while he woke up properly. He had taken to standing near the window more than lying on the couch, but John assumed that was because he could see those who passed by and made an attempt to enter, since he was certain the backdoor had been bolted shut since Mrs. Hudson had left. It was Sherlock’s way of making sure that he was safe, that no one was going to just walk in and take him.
Mary watched from a distance as all of this played out, playing no bigger part than was needed, that was until the day Sebastian Moran took charge of the Criminal web. Jim Moriarty’s death had come as a surprise but overall it wasn’t unexpected to say the least, especially not after what she had witnessed at the pool those months before. Under Moran she slipped into a “normal” life, taking up a receptionist position at an A&E and waited for her order. While she enjoyed her time as a freelance assassin of sorts, the woman had to be truthful to herself, she could get use to this life style, there was nothing to worry about, people were no longer looking for her, her current identity was secure along with a credible backstory and official looking documents. And as for her assignment of getting close to John Watson wasn’t so difficult as she thought, thought she had never intended of falling in love with him, she was just simply supposed to reinforce the information that Tim had been feeding him.
Sherlock looks down at his hand as he picks at a thread on the blanket. There is a look on his face that tells Mycroft this is something he has been thinking about, most likely why he's been quiet.
“I believed him.” He continued still not looking up. “I believed what he said because how could anyone look for me? I ruined people’s lives, I made them hate me, I gave them more than their fair share of worry so why should anyone look for me when they got the peace they deserved.”
The silence in the room was broken by the sound of his mobile going off, startling him. He reached across the surface of the desk and retrieved the device. Frowning slightly when he saw John's name on his screen.
"Sherlock is the one thing in this world I care about more than my job and here you are, treating him like something that is just tying you down. If you hate it that much, why don't you just leave then? Oh thats right BECAUSE YOU ALREADY HAVE AND THATS WHY WE ARE HERE!"
I would like to apologize for the fact that the chapters are short and (at least to me) they don't sound right
John took a deep breath before nodding, his hand digging into his pocket pulling out his mobile, pressing a few numbers before holding his cell to his ear.
He sighed as he ended the call and leaned back in the chair. His eyes roaming over Sherlock as he slept. He didn't want to ask his younger brother about the man, not yet anyway. He didn't want to pressure him into talking about something he wasn't ready to. However, Sherlock and what he knew was the only lead Mycroft knew they had.
With one hand on John’s hip, Sherlock lined himself up with his lovers prepared entrance before slowly pushing himself inside, moaning as the warmth enveloped him. John whimpered slightly as Sherlock buried himself to the hilt inside him and as his body became accustom to the other man’s size.
Sherlock scanned the aisle occasionally looking up, scanning for anyone near him that might notice him or approach him, and when no one did, he counted the stars.
“S-Sherlock..” John moaned from above him the other man panting and slick with sweat, his thrusts coming faster and faster as he grew closer to his climax. His intent not to hurt Sherlock seemed to have gone out the window as he slammed into the younger man’s body, causing him to cry out, it was becoming unbearable for Sherlock. The overwhelming sensation that ran through his body every time John hit his prostate, the fact it made his own cock twitch, making his harder than he already was just added to the humiliation of his violation.
Beeping met his ears first as his senses were overwhelmed with the scent of anti-septic as he woke. His mind was muddled and Sherlock couldn't think straight. Was he dead? He didn't feel anything. Everything was dark but there was a beeping sound, not one that constantly went off but it went off every few seconds. He couldn't wrap his mind around what it was or why he was hearing it.
“Have a seat on the couch, if you’d like to wait for him.” Sherlock added as he moved back to the kitchen. Though he didn’t pay attention to his bacteria anymore, he was more focused on keeping an eye on the stranger he had let in.
He slammed the paper down and placed his head in his hands sighing, this was the last thing Sherlock needed, he wasn’t ready for the everyone to know that he was still alive, He had not been ready for anyone other than himself, John, and Mycroft around.
John's heart was pounding in his chest as Moriarty squeezed his shoulder grinning wickedly at him. The proposition he had just been handed made him sick, and he hoped he head heard the criminal that had taken them captive wrong, but as he repeated himself, it was obvious he wasn't. "Now Johnny Boy, you want your dear Sherlock to be safe don't you?" John nodded of course he did, sherlock was his best friend, the man that had saved him. "Good, Just like I knew you would. Now, like the good boy you are, you are going to walk through that door and show Sherlock what he's been missing." John swallowed.
Sighing, the brunette flopped ungracefully onto his bed, closing his eyes as he laid face down on the covers listening to the sound of cupboards being opened and closed and the clinking of glass as the jars were placed on the counter as they were taken out of the bags. He shifted slightly and sighed, it seemed like a cowardly move, hiding from John, but in all honesty he didn’t want to see him leave and leave him alone with his demons
Sherlock had been bored, he had been searching for a case, he had been willing to take anything that was given to him, so needless to say as the email came in saying there had been a theft of an expensive painting from a locked vault, Sherlock jumped at it. Half an hour after the email came in they were sitting in the back of a cab, heading to the address that had been given.
“Then Call someone who can!” the taller man exclaimed as he sat up slightly. “I don’t get out much to begin with, but I don’t appreciate being a prisoner in my own home!”
He is nearly to his bedroom when a hand snatches him by the back of his shirt, yanking him backwards before turning him and smashing him into the wall near the bathroom door.
“Yeah and they don’t appear to be going away, If you could send someone to clear them off for obstructing the flow of traffic, a fire hazard, trespassing, just anything. He wants them gone and I can’t blame him.”
“Call just came in, body found in an alley, same as the last two.” Sally stated, “They are waiting for us.”
“Look at you, sacrificing yourself to save your friend. Playing hero. Some things just don't change, do they?” he murmured softly, his voice low and full of tenderness which did not meet his eyes, which still burned with his malicious intent. Sherlock moved his head slightly in an attempt to get away from the touch. However, the weight on his body and the tight grip of the rope on his wrists made it difficult to escape the light yet disgusting touch. Moran chuckled lowly in his throat as he watched the younger man under his body as he tried to move away from his touch. His fingers lingered a moment longer as he shifted himself upwards slightly and leaned in just a fraction more, until his hips were flush against that of his victim’s. Without word or warning, he rolled his hips against Sherlock's, causing the other man to grasp in surprise before a moan escaped his lips.
John slipped into the room, thankful not to have this conversation out in the open where others could hear what he was about to tell Mycroft. He didn’t want anyone other than the man standing before him to know what he had done.
John didn't know what to expect really, perhaps he thought they would talk about what had occured, however that didn't seem likely. He had come up the stairs to find Sherlock already in the shower and he chose to sit in his chair until he heard the water shut off.
The brunette blinked a few times to clear his vision. It took a few moments for him to realize where He was. The hospital. The sound he heard was the heart monitor that was connected to his chest and the hand that was holding his was...Mycroft.
Everything was planned out, she had been informed when they had raided the compound, most likely from someone who managed to sneak out the back as they went through the front. But that didn’t matter now. It was over and she was gone with, and that was certain, though he would make sure of it before he paid his little brother a visit, the last thing he wanted to do was present the detective with false information. Until then, he would allow the fact that this was nearly over to sink in. All there was to do now was clean up the mess that had been left, though that was something Sherlock was going to have to handle mostly on his own. The media wanted to hear nothing more about Sherlock other than if it came from the man himself.
Sherlock grabbed the paper work that Sat on the bed next to John while John pushed himself off the bed and eased himself into the wheelchair. Sherlock noticed the wince as John Sat but sat nothing.
John stopped as soon as he was completely buried inside Sherlock’s body, giving him time to grow accustom to John’s size.  This was not how Sherlock had planned his first time being, at least not in his mind. In his mind it was something that followed a romantic evening with someone who loved him for who he was. It would be slow, loving, not this, not something that he had to do to stop his friend from having his brains blown out by some madman’s assistant because this was the only way they had figured would be the easiest way to burn the heart out of him.
His office had been just as he had left it when John had contacted him, though there were a few boxes sitting by the right side of the desk on the floor. Which, upon closer inspection, contained the files and papers that had been confiscated from Mary’s apartment. There was nothing of sentimental value in the containers, only stacks of papers and folders. Most of which were assignment plans that were given to her by Moriarty, others were assignments given by freelancers who wanted something done but not by their own hand.
"You know I didn't see you at first, at the funeral," Donovan says. "I saw them bringing in Mary’s coffin and I wondered where the fuck you were." She swallows thickly and continues. "I thought to myself 'how dare the freak be John's best man, but not stand by his side at his wife’s funeral. And then I saw you carrying that tiny coffin." Her voice breaks and she looks away momentarily to compose herself. "I have no idea how you could see through your tears."
“Queen Elizabeth Medical Center, how may I direct your call” The operator stated as his call was picked up on the 17
Moran lifts himself up just enough to flip Sherlock on his back but before he can settle himself back onto the younger man Sherlock brings his knee up sharply between Morans legs earning him a cry of pain.
“Just because it is going to take time, Sherlock, doesn’t mean that you have to go through it alone.”
He could see Sherlock sitting in his chair, violin in hand, staring down as his fingers plucked at the chords before making the adjustments as needed. It wasn’t too hard to see that Sherlock was actively attempting to ignore him like he would have ages before now. It was some semblance of normalcy, one given only by the fact Sherlock knew who was coming up those stairs.
Mycroft didn't wait for John to make a move and stepped forward, John doesn't have a right to see him anyway.
“Good Morning Sherlock.” John returned as he set the mug down on the counter with a soft clink. It was one of those slow, lazy weekend mornings where they could afford small instances such as this. Though as Sherlock pressed his lips to that one spot behind John’s ear, he was certain it was going to turn into something more. Not that he entirely minded.
Sorry it's taken such a long time to update, but I've been stuck on how to get this going and how to incorporate the idea that I have with out ruining the plot, but I think I have already done that
After the bags were folded and stored away, then did John venture down the short hall, knocking on the door.
There is a squeeze on his arm before Mycroft gently tugged on his arm and they are walking again. They are further than he had gotten with John on the day he saw his name in the papers and it is a relief that they got this far. Mycroft is leading the way, the grip on his arm loosened and slipped down until he has a grasp on Sherlock’s hand and if he notices he certainly doesn’t say anything.
“I woke you, didn’t I?” Sherlock greeted before John had a chance to say hello, His voice was rough and vulnerable and sounded as if he had been crying and the muffled sniffle that followed confirmed John’s suspicions. “I’m sorry. I just didn’t know who else to call.”
In hindsight, John wished he had never pushed Sherlock to going out to do the shopping with him. But he wanted to get him out of the flat, get him some fresh air, get him back use to the fact there was all of London waiting for him, them to explore, when he was ready. Now there was no way Sherlock got to make that choice of when he announced he was still alive, someone had taken that from him now too.
"I'll show you what happens to people who run from me. I'll make sure you won't ever run from anything again."
“I’m Mary, John’s fiancée.” She beamed at him, and something inside him went cold. John had a fiancée? He was engaged?
“I’ll be right back, brother mine.” Mycroft announced to Sherlock, even though the younger man was asleep.
Greg swallowed. His throat was dry and He felt sick. How many time had Sherlock endured this then? Had it already begun when he had seen him on the last case he had showed up to?
John had been happy he had gotten out of the clinic early, it meant no more patents and a lot more of checking on Sherlock. It didn’t take him long to pack up his things and head out to the street and grab a cab. The ride of which was too slow and too long for his liking as his heart pounded against his chest. He should have gone back to the flat regardless of Mary, He could have made something up, something believable even if his lying skills were crap. That would be something he would remember next time, if there was one however.
The coffee is steaming and smells heavenly as John pours it into the mug he has set out on the counter. As he set the coffee pot back back on the percolator, he can hear a chair scrape against the tiled floor as Sherlock stands from the table. It doesn’t take long until he can feel the heat from Sherlock’s body before the other man presses himself against his back causing him to smile into his coffee before he takes a sip
Sherlock yelps as his face smacks the ground near the kitchen table. His lips, nose, and forehead are throbbing and he can taste blood.
As he placed the bag on the edge of the bed, Sherlock had decided he was going to make whoever had done this pay.
“Sherlock?” The tension that had been gripping his body exploded as John’s welcome voice broke the silence of the flat. The detective looked up from where he had been staring at the floor to find the doctor standing in the doorway just as solid and as sturdy as ever.
John took a deep breath as he searched for words before he began. “We thought it was a case, at least we thought it was, and it had piqued Sherlock’s interest, so we went. But we were ambushed when we arrived. It had been set up by Moriarty, for what reason I don’t know. But we couldn’t leave until we met his….terms”
Sherlock watches the door intently as John begins to descend the stairs. His gait tells Sherlock he is slightly hungover from his night out and the way John pauses at the door for a moment before he walks straight across the landing into the Kitchen. He moves as quietly as he can as he puts on the kettle and retrieves a mug or two of tea.
The air began to reek of sweat and sex and the feeling of John’s sweaty skin slapping his was something he wanted to forget along with the way it began to feel as if he was being shredded.
Sherlock moaned in discomfort as John added a second lubed finger, stretching him further, it burned and not the good kind that came with the feeling of cocaine in his veins. John paused as he heard Sherlock’s discomfort before.
The kiss started off chaste and slowly grew more heated as Sherlock traces John’s bottom lip with his tongue silently asking for access, which John grants. They stand there for what seems like hours, but can be no more than a few minutes, kissing passionately, muffled moans filling the air along with the occasional clank of teeth.
He closes his eyes and shifts his weight as he moves to lean against the pane of the window. The glass is cool against his skin and offers him nothing but a reminder of the coldness in the flat now that he's alone
“What’s wrong?” He asked as he pulled a suit out of his wardrobe, before walking towards his bed and placing it down as he waited for his brother to reply. He didn’t care if it was early, not when there was something not right with his little brother.
Gingerly he slid the material  over Sherlock's hips and buttocks, watching it pulling around his knees, John pushed the silk shirt up to Sherlock' mid back, revealing the tight fitting boxers the brunette was wearing.
It wasn't until they had exited the cab and approached the building did something feel off and John had told sherlock that it would have been best just to head back to baker street. They entered the building, finding it empty, but before they could turn around an exit, someone had hit them on the back of the head. Now they were stuck in this predicament.  John looked towards moriarty before making his way to the bed.
“Stop, pl-please.” Sherlock begged, his voice shaky and hoarse, but his plea was met with harsh laughter and harder deeper thrusts.
“No, I just told him to leave instead. It was easier than finding out later on I was just a bother to him.”
"You want me to rape him...." the words came across his lips in a whisper as he was slowly pushed towards the door, Moriarty pushing it open, revealing Sherlock tied to a bed, his wrists bound by rope as he laid face down on the rather thin looking mattress. He had been struggling, trying to escape, that much was obvious from the red burn marks around his wrists.
Mycroft cleared his throat as he entered the sitting room and Sherlock looked up at him, his hands stopping where they were as he focused his attention on Mycroft as he took a seat in John’s chair. He waited a moment, taking the time to study Sherlock’s face, Taking in the little lines that had appeared on his skin, the fading circles under his eyes, the face that pulled for most people plastered on his face.
A twisted smile forms on Moran's lips before his leg comes forward, hitting Sherlock in the stomach, knocking the air from his lungs.
“I have to come out and talk to them, You know.”Sherlock said finally, his voice soft and quiet his eyes never really leaving the patch of carpet they were studying. “I can’t rebuild my life if I don’t.”
"Why would I do that?" He wanted to play this off as some sort of accident, but he knew better. He knew by the way Mycroft was looking at him, he knew.
Now Sherlock was wearing a hole in the carpet, his eyes going from the door to the clock on the wall to the watch on his wrist as he fiddled with his suit jacket (pulling it down, buttoning and unbuttoning it as he moved, playing with his cuffs.) There was a thin line of perspiration that had formed along his brow and hairline, giving away the fact he was most definitely a bit not good.
“I am looking for John, there was a note in his flat that he would be here.” She said with a smile, it seemed to be warm and inviting but it didn’t quiet meet her eyes, not that it mattered anyway. Why did she want John? Was this another one of his girlfriends?
The two of them slumped forward, panting as they used the counter as support as they regained themselves.
John paused for a moment as his eyes followed his friend as he sunk down into his chair, his hands coming to steep under his chin as he looked at John.
Its a split second decision. He brings his elbow back as hard as he can and hits Moran in the chest. It takes the bigger man by surprise and He takes a step back,making the space between them large enough for Sherlock to slip through and dash to the sitting room.
Once he was certain that there was no chance the sniper would reach out and grab him by his coat, dragging him back inside kicking and screaming, Sherlock let out a breath he had no idea he had been holding. one. two. three. four. five steps further and he stopped, turning his head slowly to glance over his shoulder to watch the door swing shut before the sound of metal scraping against metal as it was pulled shut against the door jamb.
“Will you hurry up, by the time you finish I’ll be done.” John hissed and Sherlock chuckled lowly as he withdrew his fingers and lowered his boxers just enough so his cock could spring free. He squeezed a generous amount of lube into his palm before taking his erection into his hand, giving it a few strokes until it was completely coated.
John watched as Greg descended the stairs before closing the door and turning to look at his friend. It seemed to be a good suggestion really, leaving London for awhile, getting some space between Sherlock and this city and the media until Sherlock felt comfortable enough to be around so many people. But the problem was getting Sherlock to see that he needed to get away.
He eased himself into the hard plastic chair as he clicked on the photograph to bring up the man's information.
And then there was the matter of the note he had never left for her, he had left nothing stating here he had been staying, he didn’t even mention that he wasn’t going to be home, there really wasn’t a need to in his mind, they didn’t live together, not yet at least. And once they had their little discussion, he doubted if she ever would be for that matter, and that was something he would be pleased with if he was honest.
Just behind the glass was Sherlock Holmes, his dark curls plastered to his forehead with sweat, his pale skin was coated in sweat and splashes of semen as he laid helplessly on the bed, pinned down by the man who laid on top of him. The detective’s face was tear stained and full of a mixture of shock and fear, the sniper could hear him whimper in discomfort and pain from what had just occurred and the fact the other man was still buried inside him.
It had been a thirteen days since Mary had been more or less arrested by Mycroft on his doorstep, it had been thirteen days since John had walked up the steps to their flat to find Sherlock sitting in his chair almost panicking at the fact the only remaining member of Moriarty’s Network had nearly gotten into the flat to do him harm. Sherlock had taken in John’s reassurances, absorbed them and repeated them when he doubted for a moment that he wasn’t going to be safe. However that wasn’t enough. Not this time. This time he needed to hear it from Mycroft as well.
"Did you think you could escape Holmes?" his voice is dark with anger as he speaks and Sherlocks heart beats faster in his chest. "I own you don't you remember?" moran's breathe is warm against his neck as he leans in to lick the she'll of Sherlocks ear. The feelings makes his stomach roll.
“John went shopping, he should be back in a hour, depending if the chip and pen machine works for him.” Sherlock stated. “May I ask who you are?”
“I will tell you who I am, I am Mycroft Holmes, a Member of this country’s government and I need to speak to your director and if you can’t transfer my call I will be more than happy to go down there and request to talk to them in person,  but that is the last thing you would want, do I make myself clear?”
Greg flipped his phone open and sent the address of the hospital to Sherlock before stuffing it inside of his suit jacket.
Greg could see the state of undress he was in and as he knelt down next to him, there was a hint of copper in the air.
"Keep it up, I like 'em feisty." Moran stated as he eased his way down Sherlock’s body before coming to rest on the top of the other man's thighs. The weight just as unpleasant as the wet fabric that his body was being pressed against.
“We were given an order and I have every intention of finishing it.” Mary stated as she leaned back into the chair. “It would have been finished already if Moran didn’t get caught, none of this would have mattered then, it would have been happily ever after then.”
“You didn’t have to do this.” Sherlock stated breaking the silence that filled the car as they drove, his voice was quiet, subdued as he spoke, as if he thought he was being a bother to the silver haired man behind the steering wheel.
The ride home was quiet, John sat in the back of Greg's car by himself, while Sherlock sat in the passenger seat by Greg. It had been the silver man's orders, ones that Sherlock wasn't too happy about, but Sherlock didn't argue when John had mumbled a soft please. Now he sat moodily next to Greg as he glared out the side window.
He jumps at the feeling of warm hands resting on the supple flesh of his arse, rubbing and squeezing slightly as if it suppose to do anything more than to delay the inevitable.
"You don't have anything to apologize for." his brother remarked as he sat on the side of his bed. Mycroft reached out, hesitantly, to touch the side of His brother face. "You were having a nightmare, lashing out because of it isn't something you need to apologize for."
“Go away, go spend time with your fiancée, don’t let me keep you from having a life.” John’s heart dropped, what the hell had she said to make him think like that? If it wasn’t for Sherlock he wouldn’t really have a life. But he didn’t push it, instead he turned on his heel slowly and walked towards the sitting room, motioning for Mary to step out before following her, closing and locking the door as he went.
Jim seemed to appear in her life at the right time, she was getting tired of running and always looking over her shoulder and he had just what she needed: something a bit more permanent. The name she had chosen for herself came off of a tombstone as she roamed a cemetery for a new identity, the one that she used as she slowly became part of the Criminals ranks. What he had offered her to join him was too good to pass up: a new and secure life, one that was no longer defined by looking over her shoulder for those who wanted to arrest her, and all she had to do for it? Everything she had done before, just in a more sinister way.
"Oh, I've been stupid," John breathes, "I've known, of course I've known..." Sherlock feels like he can't breathe. Once John leaves it will be six months, Sherlock estimates. Six months before Sherlock fails to get out of the way of a killer’s bullet or has one last overdose.
John, lovely John, draws him closer sweeps his fingers along Sherlock’s ribs trailing along the edge of Sherlock’s wet trousers.“Let me,” John murmurs.
She laughed and flung the pants at him. “I’ll let you get dressed.” And she left him to his own devices.
Lestrade, with exaggerated movements, pulls his ID tags over his head and drops them into his pocket. “Barkeep!” Lestrade yells, “Has this bloke has been disturbing the peace?”
“I didn’t say you were.” Donovan says. Her tone is gentler than he would have expected. “I’m just… I know what you went through. The two of you saved London from a bloody madman… and I know you suffered for it, both of you.” She fidgets nervously with her glass.
“Look at you,” John murmurers heatedly. “God, you’re gorgeous.” His eyes roam hungrily over Sherlock’s body and the look on his face makes Sherlock shiver deliciously. John is smiling as he guides Sherlock towards the bed. The soft flickering candlelight seems to make johns skin glow warmly and catches the golden highlights in john’s still wet hair. He lies back, and pulls Sherlock on top of himself, guiding Sherlock to crawl between his open legs.
“He’s waiting for you,” Angelo said conspiratorially. He held the door open and Sherlock took a deep breath and stepped into the restaurant.
That same treacherous flair of hope wells up in Sherlock’s chest. He ruthlessly stomps it down and shakes his head at Lestrade.
“He was right; I had my shirts folded, ready to pack. But not just so I could ride to work. I was so bored, Sherlock. I desperately wanted to leave… but the baby...”
There is a brief discussion about the ignorance of the gorilla while more drinks are consumed and another game of darts is played. The evening winds down without further incident and John and Sherlock leave the pub to find their way back to 221B.
John’s hands slide down Sherlock’s back until they rest on Sherlock’s hips, guiding him, urging him to move. Sherlock swoops down to capture John’s mouth in a searing kiss. Their kisses deepen as they explore each other’s mouths. His hands are in John’s hair. Heat builds between them and sweat breaks out across their bodies adding to the slickness between them.
The gorilla looks stunned. He wipes blood off of his face and shakes his head as if to clear it. He finally seems to come to his senses and notices Lestrade’s ID. “Hey! You copper!” He points at John. “This man just assaulted me!” John is making no effort to hide the fact that he is rubbing his knuckles. Sherlock looks nervously between John and Lestrade. The last thing he wants is for John to get an ASBO because of him.
“You know, about four months after you died, Lestrade and I ran into John.” She takes another gulp of her drink and continues, “He was a mess, Sherlock.” She looks up at him and meets his eyes. He’s scowling at her, but he says nothing. “He’d lost weight, he wasn’t taking care of himself, he looked fucking haunted.” She looks towards John and Lestrade. They are laughing at Anderson’s abysmal shot. “Greg and I started checking on him after that. We were worried…”
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock,” John murmurs.“I should have said something sooner.” His arms tighten around Sherlock “But I’m here now, and I’m never leaving, not unless you want me to. I love you, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock!” Irene did not have the same military bearing as John, but she was adept at giving orders and she knew how to use her voice to bring just about anyone to heel. Sherlock snapped his mouth shut and stared at Irene balefully. “Don’t panic,” she said more gently.
"You have no idea, do you?" Despite the sound of traffic around them and the ongoing rain Sherlock clearly hears John’s low voice. His confusion must show on his face and John’s expression softens. He feels John’s deft fingers slide into the wet curls at the nape of his neck. Even though he can see the kiss coming he is still surprised by it. He is unaware of how chilled he has become until he feels the heat of John’s mouth. The kiss is sweet and gentle and Sherlock feels like something warm and glowing is expanding in his chest, pressing against his ribs.
And then it hits Sherlock like a punch to the gut. How much longer does he have with John like this? How many more silly moments? How many more breathless chases through London?
“Don’t go.” Sherlock croaks. He knows he looks lost and terrified and his eyes are red rimmed and he may very well be crying but at least it will be impossible for John to tell when his face is wet with the rain.
“You thought what was going to come out then?” Sherlock asks, his face is nuzzled against John’s neck.
Irene helped him into the Belstaff and walked with him down the stairs to the pavement. She adjusted his scarf and he grumbled and half-heartedly brushed her off of him.
Sherlock sighed. Good lord, did the woman never give up? “I have no interest in having an ‘impolite’ conversation with you Irene, you know that.”
Sherlock brought the tea tray into the sitting room and placed it on the small table in between the two chairs in 221b. He folded himself elegantly into his chair and slid forward so that he could serve his guest tea.
“I did.” John swallows thickly and takes a breath before continuing. “And then she shot you. I wanted to leave her—but I wanted to do what was right for the child. But I couldn’t do it. I couldn't keep faking it. Sherlock, the week before Moriarty came back I saw a lawyer. I was going to ask her for a divorce, and I was going to beg you to let me come home. So no,” John shifts back so he can look Sherlock in the eyes. “I don’t miss her. I felt awful after she died, not because I lost her, but because I was so relieved.” John’s voice begins to crack, He sucks in a ragged breath. “My only regret…” Sherlock’s throat closes watching him; the pain on John’s face makes Sherlock’s chest ache. “The baby… My daughter.” John takes a ragged breath, swallows thickly as he blinks back tears. They curl close together, seeking comfort in each other’s touch. Sherlock strokes John’s back and hair and listens quietly as John slowly gets his ragged breathing under control. They lay together, the flickering candlelight painting artful shadows on their skin. As their breathing calms and slows, Sherlock hears the continuing rain outside.
Sherlock scowled at her darkly. A bloody shower was not going to fix this. However, it was gone past five and he hadn’t showered yet. Irene stood and made her way back to John’s chair.
John didn’t feel that way about him and he would hardly notice the extra care that he had gone through to get ready, he would never notice that Sherlock had chosen his favourite aftershave, and he certainly would never see the damn silk pants.
Sherlock can feel the build, the fire gathering low in his pelvis, spreading up his spine. Beneath him John’s movements become erratic.
It’s the chief rowdy from the bar. Behind him his buddies are looking nervously at each other. Sherlock gets to his feet slowly and carefully; he is aware, that with as many of the Yard present as witnesses, he will have to take a punch before he can defend himself. He’s about to open his mouth with a string of vicious deductions about the man, when suddenly John is at his side, looking at him with concern. In a glance, John assesses that Sherlock is unharmed; he turns the full force of his gaze on the man who assaulted Sherlock.
Sherlock considers his answer. He could lie of course, and in the past he might have, but he knows now that he can count on John, and if they are to go forward in this he must hold nothing back.
Oddly, a curtain was drawn across the large window. There were dim lights within, but there was something too quiet about the popular restaurant that should have been packed with diners at this time of night.
Sherlock’s head snapped up and he stared at the open door to the flat. He bolted to the staircase, and raced down to the landing just in time to see the front door close. He gripped the handrail to steady his shaking.
At the moment Sherlock has almost everything he could want. Moriarty is finally truly dead. The specter of John’s assassin wife is gone, and most importantly, John is back at 221b.
John is dressed in jeans and a black t shirt, and the officers from the yard have shed their jackets and ties. Even Sherlock has forgone his usual black jacket and rolled up the sleeves on his white dress shirt in deference to the heat. He is perched at a tall bar table nursing a gin and tonic not far from where John, Lestrade, and Anderson are playing darts.
“He’s doing well.” Donovan says, nodding toward John. John takes his shot and laughs. His score is woefully below Lestrade’s.
Sherlock dropped the phone like it had personally offended him. He realized to his horror that his hands were shaking.
The entire way that the evening has turned has left Sherlock reeling and he knows that he is blinking stupidly and trying to process, but he just can’t seem to stop himself.
“Oh God! God Yes! OH Sher—” His body goes rigid, arching up so that he lifts Sherlock with him, hot slick ribbons of come spurting between them. Sherlock is lost, his thrusts come harsh and sharp, his voice joins John’s in a ragged scream as his vision whites out. He can’t control the vicious thrusts into the slick mess between them. His whole body is convulsing, he’s coming, coming, coming and his throat is raw from shouting.
It’s dark and quiet by the time they leave. The evening has brought a damp coolness to the air and it’s a welcome change from the stifling heat of the bar.
“It’s amazing how the right undergarment can give you confidence. Besides, with any luck your date might have chance to admire your undergarments.” She triumphantly pulled out a black silky pair of snug fitting briefs and waved them at Sherlock.
The bartender—who has clearly had just about enough of the antics of the gorilla—grins at Lestrade. “He bloody well has been. I’d say it’s high time for you to head home, you fucking prick.”
Sherlock’s silence makes John turn to face him. He can feel the rain plastering his hair to his skull, and the cold clinging of his shirt against his skin. He knows his eyes are wide but he can't stop himself from staring. He has no idea what John will read in his expression.
Sherlock shudders at the feeling of the John under him. Warm, firm body, so much skin to touch, and then John’s mouth is on him again, kissing his neck and jaw. Their mouths meet in gentle pecks and deeper sips. John’s hands drift down his back and he draws his knees up to frame Sherlock’s slim hips between his thighs.
The man that John is addressing is taller than Sherlock and easily twice as broad. It almost looks absurd. Small, compact John staring down this gorilla of a man.
Sherlock flushed scarlet and couldn’t quite bring himself to say anything. Irene gave him a lingering hug and released him. He took a deep breath and started walking towards Angelo’s.
After serving his guest and himself, he sat back with his own cup, absently wrapping himself in his blue silk dressing gown.
He doesn’t quite know what to make of the look that Lestrade and John share. “I don’t think you’ve had nearly enough, not after that bit of nonsense. I’m getting you both another round.” Greg is already heading for the bar.
Irene Adler frowned mockingly at him. “Really Sherlock?” she drawled, “Are we going to have a polite conversation?”
The sight that greeted him took his breath away. John, dressed in an impeccable dark grey suit and a royal blue shirt, was just standing from a table for two in the center of the room. The shirt brought out the deep indigo blue of John’s eyes and Sherlock was so mesmerized by the sight of him that it took him a moment to notice the rest of his surroundings.
He stripped down efficiently while the shower warmed and stepped under the stream of blessedly hot water. “Be thorough.” What the hell had Irene meant by that? He let the hot water pound down on him, loosening up the tight muscles in his shoulders and back. He felt marginally calmer after his usual ablutions. If he took a little longer than normal and scrubbed a little more than usual, it had nothing to do with Irene’s suggestion. He had just wrapped a towel around his waist when Irene let herself into the bathroom.
“He looks like he likes it up the arse. With a mouth like that, I bet he can—” The gorilla never sees John’s punch coming. It throws him back several feet and he knocks over several tables.
Donavan’s lips quirk in a not-quite smile. “I’m not talking about the game.” She pauses, and glances at Sherlock. “It’s been what? Four months?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at Irene. She did know what people liked, but she couldn’t possibly be right about this.
The noise and chatter of the bar abruptly fades and Lestrade and several other of the Yarders step forward. Chief rowdy gorilla’s buddies hightail it out of the bar.
John’s hips buck up to meet Sherlock’s thrusts and suddenly Sherlock cannot help but writhe against John’s slick belly, grind against his hard cock. John groans, his head thrown back exposing his neck, his hands vice-like on his hips urging Sherlock’s movements. He meets Sherlock’s every thrust with his own.
“Yes. Yes, John, you have no idea.” Sherlock is still shaking, and he feels like he might just rattle apart when John takes his still wet hands into his own, somehow warming him, thrilling him, and calming him at the same time.
“Kate and I are just tying up a few loose ends and then we’ll be heading back to South America. We’ve gotten into the business of helping people disappear; it’s proven to be rather lucrative. We have a lovely safe house in Punto Del Diablo, if you should ever have need of it.”
Sherlock lets John help him out of his trousers and pants and peels John out of his soaked jeans. John’s body is firm and compact, his generous cock curves up towards his belly and Sherlock longs to touch it but he’s not sure what is allowed. He struggles not to cover himself self-consciously. He’s too thin, too scarred, standing in the middle of his bedroom with a ridiculous hard-on in front of a perfect golden god.
Sherlock heaved himself out his chair and made his way to the bathroom. He closed the door behind him and stared at himself in the mirror. He had lost weight while on his massive drugs binge around the wretched mess of the Culverton Smith fiasco; he looked hollowed out and gaunt but at least his skin didn’t look pasty and grey anymore. He ran his fingertips over his jaw and chin. Scratchy and rough, definitely needed a shave.
Irene grinned mischievously and sipped her tea. “I’m teasing you Sherlock, I know that women aren’t really your area.”
“I…no. No one seemed worth the effort.” Sherlock’s face flushes with embarrassment and finds himself cringing away from John.
Sherlock lets himself be drawn down again so his face is tucked against John’s neck. John is absentmindedly stroking his hair. Everything he has ever wanted had been handed to him, but he can’t quite believe that it’s all real.
Sherlock is startled by John’s hand on the small of his back. “You alright?” John asks. Sherlock can only nod. It’s still hot in the pub and he hopes fervently that John will blame the temperature and the liquor for the flush that Sherlock knows is painting his cheeks.
It was eight o’clock. Compulsively punctual, John would have arrived at least ten minutes ago, and Sherlock had not received a text or call telling him that Angelo’s was closed.
John tucks the blankets around them, and lets Sherlock tuck his face under his chin. He strokes Sherlock’s back soothingly, murmuring gently until Sherlock’s breathing steadies and calms. John shifts back to peer at Sherlock and softly wipes the tears from Sherlock’s cheeks.
The fingers on his hips dig into his flesh as Moran lines up the blunt head of his cock with Sherlocks unprepared hole. The younger man tries to prepare himself for The intrusion but no amount of relaxation could have prepared him for the pain that ripped through his body as Moran began to push into his body.
John laid on his side on the cold cement, his body ached from hitting the hard surface as he was shoved off of Sherlock's body. He could hear the exchange going on above him. He wracked his brain, attempting to find some part of the conversation he had exchanged with Moriarty where it was stated that his right hand man would get a chance to violate the detective. However, there was none, of course he wouldn’t have said anything about it, but they had a deal. That was why John took his friends violation into his own hands, to save his own life and to prevent someone else from hurting him in such a way. Slowly John pushed himself into a sitting position before getting to his feet, pulling his pants and trousers up as he went. His body no longer felt weak from his orgasm, though the sick feeling as still present. His attention was finally drawn to the bed by a muffled whimper, it was then it registered in his mind that the man who had shoved him off to the side like he was nothing at all was straddling the detective’s thighs while looming rather menacingly over him, his hand clamped tightly over Sherlock's mouth. In a heartbeat John rushed forward, his arms wrapping hooking themselves under Moran's, his hands grabbing fist full of his shirt as he proceeded to yank him back in an attempt to free Sherlock. Though his effort seemed to have little effect on the other man as he was still settled on Sherlock's pale thighs.
Maybe it was John, his hands full from the shopping and he needed help opening the door. God he wished Mrs, Hudson was still there, that would help this, help him, but she wasn’t. Slowly he stood, and made his way to the door, opening it as much as the chain he had on it would allow to find  woman, shorter than he was, about John’s height with platinum blond hair that was rather short.
Sherlock shifted at the end of the bed and his features softened when he realized John was watching him.
“Yes Sherlock, This means it is over.” Mycroft assured him, this voice calm and warm. “Moriarty’s web has been completely dismantled. You are safe, at least from him. There are still those who you will aggravate later on who I can’t say the same for.”
"I need you to talk to me John, what do you see from where you are?" there was an urgency to his voice. He needed to know. What John saw would be the best way to find him.
Sherlock tensed as John came closer, though he wasn’t really sure if that was possible. However, the tension in his body eased as John laid his warm hand atop of his own cooler one. It was the touch that grounded him much better and faster than him clutching the sink and muttering to himself that he was home. That the nightmare that had gotten him so upset was just a dream.
John didn't pay attention to the conversation between Sherlock and Greg, instead he focused on getting himself up the two flights of stairs to his room. He wanted nothing more than to retreat into his own space and isolate himself from the world and from Sherlock's analyzing gaze for awhile, at least until he had the shower he wanted, he needed, and a few hours of sleep in his own bed.
John refused to look at himself in the mirror as he stripped of his clothes, He could see the bruises well enough as he undressed that he didn't want to see what they looked like reflected back at him. He tried to ignore the pain as he stepped over the rim of the tub and into the shower.  The shower sprang to life as he turned on the water, cold water splashed across his body before the hot water made it up the pipes. He stood under the hot stream of water for a few moments before he reached for the soap and began to scrub at his skin. He scrubbed at his skin until it was red and raw, he tried to scrub away the feeling of Moriarty's hands on his body and his breath on his neck. But no matter how much he scrubbed at his body, he couldn't get rid of the feeling.
