will be thoroughly monitored and he will be well taken care of. You need not do anything except sign these documents, and Sherlock will be out of the hospital by tonight.” Mr Holmes produced a thin stack of papers out of nowhere and pushed them towards John with a flourish.
He trained his eyes on the spot to the front of the house where he had once fallen off his own horse. The prized mares were no longer kept there though, considering how the Holmes boys were now adults and hardly back at the estate and their parents themselves, not exactly able to ride the horses anymore; let alone mount them. Mummy now spent her time tending to her greenhouse and their father would be in his library, poring over his collection of old scholars’ books.
"Ah! , to what do I owe the pleasure?" Sherlock could only hear a low rumble from his spot on the couch but the grin on Mycroft's face probably meant John was worried about him. "Actually John, he's here with me...an unfortunate incident with a suspect...treatment? obviously not you know as well as I the stubborn ways...of course, I can send someone for you...A car will arrive in three minutes. Good day ." Mycroft wheeled around "Sounds like the dear doctor is anxious for your safety. Apparently you are the most idiotic genius he's ever met. I think I'm growing to like this one, we agree on so many important issues." Sherlock said nothing, the pain was starting to become more intense and he was in no mood to deal with Mycroft.
Sherlock didn't notice that he had walked down the steps and was now among the crowd that surrounded John. The beat changed and so too did John's movements. His hips gyrating more, coloured beams bouncing off his buttons to the distinctive sound of Rihanna's Birthday Cake. God Sherlock wanted him, wanted to touch his blogger, do everything he ever thought about doing. John would be his. He'd set his mind to it now. One of the women seemed to have beaten off the rest because she had her back pressed against John's chest, arm wrapped around his neck softly. Her lips touched his jaw and Sherlock was furious. They were leaving right now.
and erase them from his mind palace promptly. The ex-army doctor had however beaten all odds and was now a constant presence in his head, buzzing around like a bee dodging swats of an irritated hand.
"There. Clara!" John pointed to a slender brunette who'd have been rather pretty if her features were not so scrunched with worry, her grey eyes were usually welcoming and warm, but they were filmed with a layer of unshed tears at the moment. She strode over, her face serious and gait purposeful. John was questioning her instantly "How is she? How much longer is she in surgery, do they have her chart here because I want to see it. Jesus are
Sherlock was escorted from the copter inside the palace and to one of the smaller lounges and then left alone having told the more shy of the two bodyguards that yes the other one did want to have sex with him and no he wasn't adverse to doing that right now. That was how he ended up on the couch wrapped into a white sheet cocoon, a suit and shoes staring at him from the table top. Suit be damned, if this was how Mycroft wanted to play this then this was how he'd play. The fact he had no choice in the matter was a big reason that Sherlock was feeling particularly contrary about this case, no matter how intrigued he was. Buy deadbolts Sherlock noted in his mind palace and then promptly scribbled it out get John to buy deadbolts for doors and windows. That was more realistic. Speaking of John if this was Mycroft's doing he should have been there by now, almost certainly comandeered as he had been. For a palace the room was not exactly warm. Sherlock could not imagine that walking around in only a robe would have been a pleasant experience living here but then again most monarchs tend to keep a few more layers than that on their person. He was bored. The pattern of the sofa was just horrific and quite frankly he was not in the mood to wait for stupid government officials to try and tell him what to do. The suit was still staring at him.
"Have you not heard? Not two weeks ago a journeyman came to study under old Master Harrison, he's taken the residence on the back of the Staunton's place as far as I know. Keeps to himself, very quiet but a wonderful guest, keeps everything neat and tidy, unlike the horrid man who..." Sherlock lost their voices in the crowd as they moved out of the church and into the street, and with the crowd merely milling about he took that as his chance to escape Mycroft's obligations and begin the investigation afresh. He had told the inspector that there was more to the death than an accidental fall beneath the wheels of a pony and trap. Now he was going to prove it.
The priest was bristling with fury now, but behind his eyes was a fear, like a deer in the headlights of a car. "Those boys are terrified of you, and rightly so judging by the strength of your whipping arm." Sherlock could see the cogs turning in John's head and he knew the exact moment it all clicked into place, John's face went completely blank. Perfect Sherlock thought to himself. A beating would be a nice send off for the sadistic paedofile. "Be my guest John" he muttered and John was moving forward, pushing the priest back into the church. Sherlock followed, skipping gleefully. John hadn't beaten up anyone in ages. It was one of his favourite qualities in John, his ability to carefully assault people who truly deserved it so that they were in great pain, but it didn't look as if he had actually done very much at all. The signature closing punch in the face was his favourite part. The grunts were muffled but he knew John was letting loose. Child abuse was the worst offence in his mind, equalled by nothing except perhaps sexual abuse. Pair the two together... Sherlock only stepped in when he heard footsteps on the gravel outside.
"Shhhh John" Sherlock mumbled into his hair "You're thinking too loudly, very distracting. Plus I doubt it's half as enjoyable as what I'm thinking of." John snorted and slid from Sherlock's chest, giggling at the small mewl of annoyance that elicited before moving up so he was face to face with Sherlock. "Oh really? What are you thinking of then?" he asked, leaning on one elbow as he snuggled back into Sherlock's warmth. Sherlock smirked "I'm thinking of precisely what noises you made when I put my tongue-" John cut him off with a blush and a light slap on his arm "That was only about" he looked at his watch "four hours ago, I remember it very well and while I would love to hear more about it, I don't think you could take another round" he grinned broadly when Sherlock rolled his eyes. "You're completely incorrigible John, did you know? I take it that I was right in saying my thoughts were much more enjoyable?" John shuffled closer until even their eyelashes were touching "In a manner of speaking, I was thinking about the fact that you proposed to me, what you said, specifically the word ardently, and how I have no clue what it means but that it sounded wonderful coming from you" Sherlock smiled softly and tilted his face so He could speak directly into John's ear. "Ardently: passionately, eagerly, in our case with every fiber of my being loving every fiber of yours. " John smiled brightly and planted a light kiss on his forehead "As I suspected, incalculably sweet and wonderful. How you do that I will never understand" Sherlock raised his eyebrows and waited for an explanation. "Well with me sometimes you are the most romantic,affectionate, generally pleasant person and then at others you can be harsh and irritating and just a bit of a git, what I can't wrap my head around is how you are so perfect in both settings, they combine to form you so completely that I don't think I'd want one without the other. It's just a strange thing to think about." John mused more to himself than to Sherlock, who had wondered where the conversation was going after that rocky start. "As long as we both know you're not going to attempt to change that" John leaned in and pressed their lips together, marveling in how soft and pliant Sherlock's lips always seemed against his. "Wouldn't dream of it" he winked before heaving himself up off the floor and heading for the kitchen.
"Noticing Sebastian in the corps was simple: he had people drooling over him all damn day. Objectively he was good looking, in a war scarred sort of way. I think it was his eyes that got people though, one brown and one blue crossed with a jagged scar from a knife attack. There was that and his talent. He was, still is, the sharpest shooter I've ever seen. He put instructors to shame, like a one man army. I was second best, and we kind of had it out for each other, trying to... Almost impress the other. I was a doctor, sure, but a soldier first. Helping people took a backseat during that first month, up until my first death." He shuddered, as if he disgusted himself. "Still, Moran and I were competing. He got his own battalion, and I got mine. They disappeared off base for a mission and that was fine with me, ten less men to worry about treating. It was around that time that skirmishes began to become more frequent, land mines, carbombs, enemy fire. I worked hard, fought hard, and people respected me for it. I was a damn good soldier. Sebastian came back with his squadron, minus a couple, and I kept my distance. That wasn't going to last." Sherlock's ears pricked up. Anger, bitterness, disgust, all cataloged away for later inspection.
Sherlock wheeled about the room at pace until he paused at the window and grinned before schooling his features into nonchalance. "How many?" he asked the moment the door opened revealing a panting police officer. "Four. You coming?" "I'll follow behind you" as soon as the man had left Sherlock was jumping in the air, raving about what fun it would be as John sat on the armchair. He was gone in a whirl and John was left with Mrs Hudson. For about a minute he believed Sherlock had gone, right up until he returned. Two nights of detective work passed, with chases through London, meeting arch enemies, texting murders and then a drugs bust all eye contactless. Routine apparently, but Sherlock disappeared into the night before the police did and John, strangely, was worried. When they did finally leave and Sherlock had not yet returned he decided to go to find him, when the gps tracker beeped. He knew what to do, tucking his gun into his pocket. The taxi ride was tense, he felt a loyalty so strong to this man that he'd only met three days previously, they were friends, partners. It was exciting and dangerous and he was not keen to lose his friend. The building was split in two and John got the feeling that he would only have the chance to enter one if Sherlock was in danger before it would be too late. So he chose.
“No shit, and to realise he’s pretty much a broken man, too. Sherlock..Sherlock may have been a right arse to everyone when he was brought in but I could see that he needed a friend or two. He has no sense in manners, I can grant you that, but I’d bet you he can’t help being himself and there’s an
If they had been anywhere else, John would have picked up the phone. Sherlock still might not have, but John definitely would.
Greg's face fell. John was one of his closest friends and by the formality of Mycroft's text, the situation was dire. He could not help but wonder what Sherlock would do if the worst really did happen. Then again, there are worse things than death. There wouldn't be video if John was being left alone. Sherlock would be forced to watch, he'd need to so he could crack the case but the cost... Greg had spent a lot of time thinking about how many ways John Watson had changed Sherlock for the better, after all he had never been this happy or kind-ish ever before. To lose one is to lose the other too. He would solve it, of course he would. He's bloody Sherlock Holmes, how could he not?
The grounds of Holmes manor were filled with people pruning, sprucing, and generally perfecting the place for the wedding that was to be held there in less than two days time. The happy couple and any relatives that would need to stay in the house would arrive this afternoon and then tomorrow morning they'd be over run with guests for the event itself. The sun had begun beating down a few days earlier, which would be a blessing for the wedding but was a nightmare for the workers, most of whom were quietly dying in their uniforms, but wouldn't take them off even on pain of death. Still, chairs were being arranged in perfect lines, the ball room set up with tables and daintily written place cards, and silverware polished within an inch of it's life. The chef had only made three people cry, Christian, the Holmes tailor of choice, had insisted no one else see his 'masterpieces' until the ceremony and with he family arriving tomorrow there'd probably be a few anxiety attacks, and Sherlock had blatantly refused to have anything as ridiculous as a rehearsal so all in all things were going as expected in Orabelle's mind. With orders to Sebastian to call only if there was a matter that needed their attention (someone was dying or the florist couldn't get what they wanted) she sat in the second floor lounge with Martha, staring out the window at the scurry below. "This time tomorrow our boys will be out there" Martha smiled and Orabelle couldn't help but smile back.
. He was then poked and prodded until he broke into a grin and contributed to the staff’s not-so-harmonious rendition of
Pulling back, he mouthed a silent “thank you’ to both his parents. Mummy took the chance to place a gentle palm on his cheek, eyes soft with love for her youngest son. “You take care of yourself, alright my dear?” Sherlock gave a tiny nod. He has not done a swell job of staying well recently but he hoped it was about to change, if all goes well with John Watson.
"Sherlock!" Mrs Hudson gushed cheerfully from her flat, bustling out and wrapping him in a hug. "Its been too quiet without you and John upstairs. How was the holiday, anything exciting?" John shuffled in with their suitcases and grinned back at her.
A calloused hand shot out and clutched his elbow, twirling him back around within an inch of Greg's face. "I love you too." Greg murmured almost against Mycroft's lips, causing the British government to shiver just before their lips met. It was warm, a passionate caress of silken lips and tongues and Greg wished more than anything that he could preserve this feeling, this elation and hope because one day, who knew when, he would feel the all consuming loneliness that he'd felt that afternoon again, but if he could just bottle up this moment right here, he'd be happy everyday for the rest of his life.
" Its something alright." John agreed, eyebrows climbing as he caught sight of the second building and blushed right to his ears. Sherlock himself had a little half smile on his face as he took everything in again, although little had changed since their infancy apart from perhaps the size of the flower beds.
"Mycroft." Sherlock said simply, giving no further explanations because his phone buzzed against the hardwood floor. He looked at John imploringly,grey eyes wide. John rolled his eyes as he crawled out of bed to get it. Sherlock smirked to himself behind John's back. John shivered and tucked himself back under the duvet as Sherlock began to frown. "What?" Sherlock glowered and his fingers tapped across the screen deftly, years of violin making them long and supple. "My dear brother has just informed me that mummy is in London." Sherlock said in a tone laced heavily with sarcasm. "First of all mummy? And second of all why is that an issue?" The phone buzzed again. Sherlock looked at it before tensing minutely against John. "Seriously? Give me your phone. Now." John commanded and Sherlock handed it over, silent now, hands steepled beneath his chin.
"I like the money myself, and the power, that's good too." John laughed at the absurdity of it all and Lestrade couldn't help but join in.
“If we do meet again, that is, I’d still want to be his friend and help him however I can. I’ve failed with Harry but I can’t stand by and watch another poor soul fade away like that.”
“You sure you’re alright to work this case, Sherlock?” Greg asked, looking up from where he is slumped over at his desk in exhaustion and just a little bit of frustration.
"What?" Sherlock asked, puzzled. "I don't have to like the fact that they're throwing themselves in harms way" John replied as he swanned into the next room. "You wish you were with them don't you?" The clatter of a small box hitting the floor was all the answer Sherlock needed. "That's a yes then. Well. Don't fret, Once I am back on my feet we will be in plenty of trouble of our own." John came back carrying his first aid supplies and gave an affectionate eye roll. "Somehow I don't doubt that we'll get into all sorts of trouble. But not before you're fully healed. So… What do you do, Sherlock?" John asked from his kneeling position on the floor. Sherlock desperately ignored the light caress of his fingers running bandage across his ankle. "hrsgyckkvnlmnnm I'm a consulting detective. When people have a crime that needs solving or the police are out of their depths, which is always, they call me." John chuckled. "Of course they do, you bloody genius. What about family?"
There was something bothering Doctor Watson enough to have stopped checking up on him, and instead, Doctor Stamford took his place. Mike Stamford wasn’t as much of an idiot as the rest of the people he knew, but still, he wasn’t John Watson.
Now that he knew though he had to do something. He was Captain John Watson, a man of action, and if the looks Sherlock gave him and had been giving him were any indication he definitely had a shot. "I'll tell him then. Best suit up for that." John said to himself and he hopped into the shower. Stepping into his bedroom wrapped in a towel he rifled through his drawers for his "Yes you fucking want me, lucky you" underwear and pulled them on, before giving himself a proud once over in the mirror. Despite what his attire suggested, he wasn't sagging or anything like that, quite the opposite. He was just as lean and toned as he had been when he'd been handed the camo-pants all those years ago, the only real differences from then were his bullet wound; a bright starburst of rose skin on his shoulder, and the number of tattoos he'd amassed. Sherlock wouldn't stand a chance.
"Sorry. You really know how to pick them don't you, years of saying no to your brother only to have this happen the time you say yes. I'm starting to think you do this stuff to me on purpose." John remarked dryly, seeming to notice for the first time that he'd been in pyjamas while berating the most powerful man in Britain. Sherlock attempted a shrug and John rolled his eyes, strolling over to his side with a sigh. Gently he lifted Sherlock's head up and quickly sat down in the space it had been in before letting it rest in his lap, hands running in soothing circles and lines over the crown of his head.
"Oh" John was frowning now. They had barely begun to get used to expressing the feelings that had grown between them to each other. Now he was going to have to meet Sherlock's mother? "Bloody hell" John murmured, fully alert now. He sat up and leaned back against the headboard, waiting for Sherlock to tell him the plan. There was always a plan.
"It wasn't that they couldn't lift their own luggage, they just weren't bothered and knew we'd do it for them the lazy bastards." Greg swore as he shouldered a third bag and stretched to close the boot with all three on his arms. "As soon as we get inside I'm showering and changing into something short sleeved, I wouldn't even blame the man who battered someone for a bottle of water in this heat."  John laughed and shrugged, the Italian summer was nothing on  Afghanistan, if anything it was a pleasant sort of heat, the kind that licked at your skin rather than tried to burn you to death. Maybe that was just him, if the sight that greeted him inside the house was anything to go by.
John grabbed at his coat and tore it off, lust bright in his eyes. Somewhere in the back of his head he heard buzzing, like a phone going off but he ignored it, focusing instead on Sherlock presses up against him and ravaging his mouth. Sherlock ripped at John's shirt and John ripped at his, buttons pinging to the floor as their hands wandered over each other, wanting skin on skin. It was painfully hot and tight already in his suit and from the look of it John wasn't doing much better. The buzzing continued somewhere far off, muffled. Suddenly Sherlock gasped and reached behind John, picking up the scarf and wrapping it around his neck. "I want you wearing only this" he growled as he bit softly at John's ear. John gasped and shuddered, picking up the dog tags and spinning Sherlock around so he could clasp them around his neck. "Only those." John groaned, sucking a line along Sherlock's jaw while stepping out of his trousers with ease before sliding Sherlock's down too, setting hard flesh free from it's fabric prison. Sherlock moaned as the air hit him and he pushed John back against the door, stroking him fiercely and registering with some relief the end of the infernal buzzing noise. John reached down and mimicked Sherlock's motions, canting his hips in shaking jerks to increase the friction. John took control, forcing Sherlock's hands above his head and dropping to his knees. John licked from base to tip, focusing on the head before sucking Sherlock's length into his mouth, hitting the back of his throat. Sherlock cried out his name and twisted his hands into his short hair, holding rather than controlling. John bobbed his head back and forth, swirling his tongue alone the glands and slit, holding Sherlock's thighs to stop him from moving. Sherlock was moaning with reckless abandon now, encouraging John to keep going harder and faster, the image of his new fiancé doing this was much more potent than he had expected.
Just as he opened his mouth to speak again, Sherlock broke his silence. “I'm asking myself the same.”
“I'm a sociopath. According to some people, I'm statistically more likely to kill someone than befriend them. You're welcome to enquire with Scotland Yard if you're starting to worry that I'm more than just a pitiful drug addict, by the way. You have trust issues with people of my kind, or generally, addicts, after all.”
"If you are amenable I would... I cannot think of a way to inquire without sounding pornographic, but I would taste you, if you are amenable, and after, when we have both found our release, I would take you to bed with me simply for the pleasure of being at your side." Sherlock could barely breathe, the thought of John's competent tongue coaxing him to climax and perhaps even seeing John's own release, added on to John's desire to lay with him in the most innocent sense of the word simply took his breath from him. John's eyes bored into his own, blue as the sky and sparkling as he nodded his consent.
"Yes quite a loss to the community, I suspect we shall have to ask the guild to procure another coffin maker for us" Sherlock listened in silence, gossiping housewives in the aftermath of a funeral were a veritable font of information.
Smirking at John he closed the small distance between them and pressed his lips softly against John's. As always John was very responsive, and he almost made Sherlock forget what they were doing with his very skilled ministrations. "Sinners! The two of you are headed straight to hell! You'll burn for eternity for your actions!" The man had very nearly pulled them apart, his eyes bulging with indignation. John was blushing slightly, but Sherlock turned quickly and stared at the man. "Father, just the man I wanted to see. How strange of you to be so vocal, after all you participated in a much more ungodly act a mere thirty minutes ago and you're about to become a repeat offender." Sherlock wanted to gag. He could see everything on the man and it disgusted him. Keeping up the façade was difficult, but ordinary idiots didn't deserve to know that he had feelings.
Sherlock and Mycroft could see it however from the safety of the office. Sherlock gasped as the metal points glinted at the camera. "No!" he whispered, hands clutching fruitlessly at the projection. Sebastian's arm rose high above his head and flew down with force against John's abdomen. John didn't feel anything yet, but he soon would. He maintained his silence as nails bit into his skin, tearing into the muscle beneath. Sherlock stared at the movement on his face, there was no sound but he could tell that Sebastian was laughing. His hands wrapped around the handle once more. Sebastian twisted, pressing the nails deeper until they hit the nerves and Captain John Hamish Watson screamed.
“You’re wearing them.” John croaked, unable to tear his eyes away. The little hydrocarbon near his toes flexed.
He opened the door and a light breeze rolled across his face, the window was open. The window was open. It had not been open when he left, it had been opened from the outside. "John?" the apartment still smelled of John, but there was something more there, a tangy metallic taste that was common with anesthetic, cigarette smoke and a sickly sweet note of decaying fruit. Sherlock's heart was beating hard in his chest, pounding against his ribcage and threatening to beat the oxygen from his lungs. Someone had been in John's old room. Sherlock bounded up the stairs and almost fell to the floor when he reached the open door. Slowly but surely John had been moving his clothes and books into their room, leaving only his army gear behind. The wardrobe was empty. It was as if he was in a dream when he walked down the stairs again, his feet moving mechanically towards the bedroom where he'd left John less than a few hours ago. He had known before opening the door that the bed would be empty, the body that should have lain there gone, long since.
Climbing out of through car, John waved to Greg who looked a bit pissed off. "Kidnapped from work?" John asked sympathetically. "In front of three of my superiors to boot, I had no idea what was going on until about ten minutes ago when er.." he looked into the car at the woman sitting there, tapping away on her phone. "Anthea today I think" she chirped, not looking up but getting out and walking to the door. "right until Anthea handed me a tie and explained it. Thank God you're here at least, maybe we can survive this unscathed eh?" John laughed and Greg joined in, these were Holmes'. Not going to happen.
“But to be sure to drop by your room the moment he is given the green light to take a break from his rounds and then proceed to stand outside your room for no longer than 3 minutes each time? Does it not seem a bit odd, Sherlock?” Mycroft at this point had put away his papers and was studying his younger sibling intently.
Mycroft knew obviously and by extension Mummy and a few other Holmes's but that was it. "I..." John frowned and strode over, spinning Sherlock around in his chair so they faced each other. "Just because we aren't flouncing about in the street does not mean I don't want to go places and do things with you as a couple Sherlock, I'm not ashamed of you. I understand if you are of me and if that's why you don't want to go I definitely see why..." Sherlock nearly did a double take. Why would he possibly be ashamed of John? "Of course I'm not ashamed of you John, I was just unsure as to whether you would..." he drifted off. "Whether I would say yes?" John asked softly. Sherlock nodded. "Well for the record I would say yes to almost anything you asked me provided it wasn't going to injur me, you or my sanity. My daft detective" he smiled before pressing his lips against Sherlock's. "Now, breakfast?" Sherlock nodded and John went back into the kitchen to make toast. "John? Will you go to the ball with me?" Sherlock asked as John placed a few slices of toast between them. "I'd love to Sherlock" He said and sat down grinning.
Holmes spun to face him, regardless of the heavy blush that had settled on his cheeks and nearly buckled at the knees. How he had not thought to see this coming he couldn’t determine, but the sight before him very nearly had him on the floor.
After Sholto the idea of soulmates had seemed… off putting. What did it matter if your dates didn’t match up if
"If you don't want to keep this up I understand, two years is a long time." Sherlock scoffed. "I don't think you understand John, I have waited twenty three years for someone like you to come along and now that you have I don't think I will be able to let you go. If you're worried that there'll be someone else, their won't be, because there is no other like you." John kissed him again, and when they broke away breathless he looked at his watch. "You still have the day here. Do you want to just go out together until you have to go?" John beamed and kissed him again "Oh God yes."
By the time Mycroft had reappeared Sherlock was dressed and waiting, mask of indifference firmly back in place. If Mycroft noticed anything different about him (the carefully concealed raw edges of emotion that had Sherlock in a state of complete confusion on top of the sense of loss he was feeling), he said nothing, compelled for once by filial affection to hold his tongue. That being said, he did take particular note of the reaction, wondering if something deeper than the surface connection he had witnessed was in play. Their walk through the twisting corridors of St Bart's was done in silence, which made Sherlock's searching eyes all the more noticeable. “
He turned to look back and Sherlock was on the horse. He looked majestic, as if he had been born to ride, tall and princely. With a wry smile he tilted his head towards the next room and John made his way inside. The horse he was to ride was a dark chestnut. He was wary of it, but it's eyes were bright and welcoming, plus it stayed very still while he got on. John looked very much like a cowboy Sherlock thought to himself as he watched John maneuver the horse out of the stall and over to the door to stand next to his own steed.
Sorry for the wait, I've been rather tied up :) Also sorry for the terrible lack of proper paragraphs but if you do this on a mobile like I do it tends to be a bit messy
"Ok Sally you can go first, just your ranks and when everyone has said theirs you can give your reasoning behind your number one choice." Sally thought about it for a while longer and then smiled. "Right! First place is Mrs Hudson and Angelo, second Johnlock and third Lestrade and Holmes senior." Anthea cocked a brow "Johnlock?" Sally shrugged "Some of the girls down the yard have taken to abbreviating couples names into one by you know, mashing them together. If you really want to know we do it for everyone, even after just a few dates. Dimolly was one of the first that actually came to anything." She winked at Molly who chucked a pillow at her. "I like it... Sherlock is a long name already and seeing as John is always with him... So many shorter reports if we just abbreviated it!" Anthea chided herself and reached for her phone reflexively to send the idea on. "Annie! No phone, we agreed! Your turn." Lily pouted until the other woman relinquished the phone to her. "Taking Sally's idea on, Mystrade first, Johnlock second and Angelson third." Lily nodded and turned to Molly who blushed a little. "Johnlock, Mystrade, Angelson."
"Had I known, had I even half your courage in this matter, I know what I would have done." John said quietly, thumb stroking from jaw to ear. Freshly washed, Sherlock's hair curled beautifully as it dried, a state John had never been privy to before today, only allowed to see the slicked back and finished product that Sherlock presented to the world. It was like seeing for the first time.
He narrowed his eyes at John and seemed to look right through him without actually seeing anything. “Hm.”
"Right. Bed now. I'll bring you some things to help you get warm again okay?" Sherlock nodded and heaved himself up. As soon as he got to his feet he crumpled but John was already there, picking him up with ease. "I know you hate it but I'm going to have to carry you" he said, moving slowly to Sherlock's room. "No I want to go to your room" Sherlock said, pouting slightly. "Fine my room then" John sighed and turned around. Climbing the stairs was difficult considering Sherlock had such awkward limbs that he could barely maneuver through the door.
"Anyway we needed a new one so the next week after my final doctor's appointment Sherlock brought me to get a new one at Edgar's antique shop." Sherlock cut in then, taking up the story. "Having met Edgar before you will be aware of his not being an idiot. He observed that I was pondering asking John to marry me and convinced me that I should do it because John was clearly in love with me" John smiled down at him with warm affection in his gaze and Sherlock didn't even have to try to reciprocate because he knew his face mirrored John's. "I spoke with Mycroft, I needed a way of getting the ring without John knowing and I also wanted another gift, something more..." he struggled for a word "Us" John finished and continued his side of the story. "I was actually thinking of proposing as well at the time but I wasn't sure when I was going to do it. I met Edgar at the shops and he knew and him knowing just kind of made me want to do it more so I set up an appointment with a jewler. Our rings arrived on the same day thankfully and we both had them in our pockets. Sherlock asked me to go with him to the morgue and dinner with him as soon as I got back from the jewlers so I had it still with me when we left." Sherlock grinned "Luckily." Mummy and Mrs Hudson were enraptured with the story, and had decided not to interrupt the telling of it until the end. Sherlock never appreciated being interrupted.
John was shocked into silence, running over every person he knew that was acquainted with Sherlock and trying to guess who the person he liked was. Irene? John shook his head and downed his tea, "I'll see you later, I'm done in the surgery at five. Do… yeah I'll see you later." John grabbed his jacket and strolled outside, feeling the biting chill in the air that usually meant frost and hurried to the clinic, paying little attention to his surroundings. In fact, he was distracted all day, not that his patients were treated to a lower standard of care, because they weren't, but there are some things a girl will always notice, and preoccupation was usually one of them. That was the reason, though she was pretty certain of what was going on, Sarah arrived and plonked herself across the desk from John at lunch. "Right." she began, popping a fork of salad into her mouth. "Spill." Their friendship was a strong one these days, there were just some things (like being kidnapped and nearly murdered by Chinese smugglers) that solidify a friendship. John sighed and rubbed a hand across his face. "I'm trying to figure a few things out. You know Sherlock's older brother Mycroft?" Sarah nodded slowly. Not where she thought this was going. "well apparently," John lifted a foot onto his desk, and Sarah had to admire the high quality leather that was made to look average. "apparently he's trying to seduce me! And that would be confusing enough if it were, you know, a regular person, but it's a Holmes and they have spent half of the time I've known them spouting their whole "Caring is not an advantage" spiel at me, And now Mycroft is trying to get with me! And then Sherlock admits that he's not been unaffected his whole life and that there has been one person that passed his criteria and between trying to figure out who it might have been and looking back over my interactions with Mycroft I'm just a bit out of it." Sarah smiled. That was more like what she had thought was happening.
Only a couple of minutes passed in relative quiet before Lestrade looked up at him. "Sorry but I don't get it." Sherlock smirked "That's not much of a change." Lestrade rolled his eyes and put the back of his pen between his teeth. "I mean, I know you say that you're married to your work or whatever, but I always kind of assumed... you and John... you know... because you look at him... and he kinda seems... but... no?" A beat of silence. Sherlock sighed through his teeth."Unfortunately not. I was just as... surprised as the rest by that calendar. He's very conservative at home, I've never even seen him shirtless, say nothing of trouserless." Sherlock frowned and continued writing.
They had stopped saying goodbye a while ago, it had become too permanent a word to say, like they would never see each other again. That was what it had meant the last time either of them had said it, a croaked goodbye and a proclamation of love as they rapidly bled to death next to the rapidly cooling body of a killer. It was a minor miracle that the ambulance arrived in time. No goodbyes after that. John sighed as he stepped into the surgery and greeted the receptionist with a smile. Sherlock would probably be at the scene by now, was Anderson the person designated to be his assistant in John's absence? Sherlock would hate that he mused before sitting behind his desk and rolling up his sleeves. Fifteen patients before lunch. He could do that.
"It's all going to be different now. Our lives as we know them are over." Sherlock whispers into Johns ear, his chest rumbling against John's back.
He couldn't sleep, couldn't even think about eating, even lying on the couch was a dagger to the throat, so much so that Sherlock had actually had to move John's armchair just so he wouldn't have to look at it, think of it, him, them. At night his brain presented him with vivid imaginings of exactly what John was doing, sometimes it was something so simple, like reading the paper, and other times it was much more destructive, like John getting ready for bed and wrapping himself around Mary. He'd loved John for so long, he'd forgotten what life was like without him in it and it hurt. It hurt more than anything he'd experienced, just breathing in and knowing that John's scent was fading away, that every moment Sherlock spent thinking of John was probably not even a concern to him... he could taste it in his mouth, burning his throat. It'd been a month. One month without so much as a text and he knew, he did, just how pathetic that made him seem, but God every single time that phone buzzed he hoped with every cell of his body that it was John on the line. It never was.
Sherlock was able to deflect the first blow with a well-timed dodge to Ricoletti’s right, bringing up his arm to connect his fist in a solid jab to the man's ribs, but his opponent was broader than him by a fair bit, so the punch did nothing more than pull a grunt from Ricoletti. He twisted around and backed up, considering his options on how to best bring the man down.
"Jesus." Greg whistled appreciatively, lowering his sun glasses to get a proper look as he stepped out of the car, eyes flicking from place to place without settling for too long on any one in particular.
Sherlock took it, giving it a quick once-over before swiftly pulling up the messaging application, his fingers flying over the keypad. He definitely has seen those scuff marks on the bottom of the phone before. “A gift from your brother, this.”
In the kitchen John was sitting on a polished counter while Greg cooked. "I don't know what I was expecting... Certainly more hissing and glaring that's for sure. And Sherlock was worried she wouldn't like me." John scoffed, eating some jam off a spoon. "Yeah, it's gone surprisingly well... Still time. Can't get over it though, I'm the most handsome..." Greg struggled to find a word that didn't sound ridiculous to describe what he was to Mycroft. "Lover, Boyfriend, Live in mistress?" John offered, narrowly dodging the spoon Greg threw at him. "Very funny, partner" He smirked "Mycroft's ever had, power attracts some very attractive people and Mycroft is incredibly powerful... Seems a bit odd that average is the best he can do" John shrugged, returning the jam to it's rightful spot. "I'm not Sherlock's first you know. Mhmm. I hear him, sometimes,
The day of the wedding crept up on Sherlock like a vine until it was noosed around his neck and the car was pulling up to the drive of the church. John hadn't told him where they were to meet, but he assumed the altar was the place, and strode straight through the church to stand there, still as any statue you could see, waiting for John (Always, always waiting for John). The doctor arrived next to him with a massive smile on his face, and an excited flush spreading across his cheeks. "Sherlock! I feel like I haven't seen you in an age." You haven't. "You've been busy." Sherlock turned away from the blue eyes that he'd so missed and looked at the gathered congregation. "So have you, Greg told me about all those cases you're solving just from the photos. God I'm starting to shake a bit now, it's almost time. How do I look?" Sherlock looked the man he would die for up and down and smiled a cracked smile "Like a man about to live the happiest moment of his life." He did, he did. The organ started to play a song that sounded like a death march to Sherlock and Mary began her procession. It hurts, when they say I do.
"Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you, Sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you, But in your dreams whatever they be....
“Sherlock, I… what are you doing here?” He asked softly, aware of how intimate this was, the two of them standing only metres apart, separated by shelves and darkness. He swallowed roughly, praying that the other man would say something, anything.
"All right, we'll go over it once more and then break until the show tonight, I want full performance mode on guys, really sell it to me! A five, six, seven, eight."
Mary slid into the car and Sherlock, then John, squashed in after her. The obgyn they were going to was far enough away that Mary at least wouldn't crash into many people that recognized her, and could lie through her teeth about why they were there if she did. Sherlock hadn't pegged her as one who'd lie easily, but the best liars in the world were the ones that were honestly convinced they were not liars, making the trait nearly invisible. It was a blindspot usually reserved for secret service agents in his books, but Mary was no MI6 assassin so he filed the surprising occurrence away in a new Mary specific box in his mind palace entitled 'Need more data'. He'd put the jewellery conundrum in there too, simply because the question still played on his mind but John had asked him to refrain from "Turning their friend into some sort of case". He liked her too, but there was something just off kilter that he wasn't allowed to dig for under pain of... things he daren't repeat aloud, but let it be said that some of the more... colourful language used in that particular threat would have made even sailors blush. Sherlock had found it quite hot actually.
Martha Hudson lifted a large sheath of soft fabric and held it up to Orabelle who nodded vigorously and returned to whispered negotiations with the caterers that were only occasionally recognisable as English. She smiled to herself and let her hands run over reems of silken fabrics in an effort to find the perfect colour scheme for the wedding. Her boys were so different physically, matching colours to both of their skin types was proving to be a task to remember. Not that she was complaining, spending all this time with an old friend while working on something that would make her boys so happy was nothing to complain about at all, and quite aside from anything else she was loving the hours in which the function room at Holmes manor was transformed into a wedding extravaganza for just the two of them to pick and choose over. Today's setup had to be by far her favourite, as the colour scheme was to be decided, so too were the flowers, which meant the heady aroma of flowers permeated the entire building and the vast array of colours and shapes left her feeling as if she'd taken a trip to the botanical gardens by mistake. "That should do it, keeping in mind the strange whims of the Holmes family" the chef smiled knowingly at Orabelle who shrugged "we should be covered. I'll leave you to work then." she dismissed him and glided over to where Mrs Hudson was scrutinizing three swatches of fabric. "What are you thinking dear?" she asked, holding up all three for them to critique. "Well, the unicorn is a must, but the accent will be a more difficult choice." Mrs Hudson hummed in agreement and put the silvery silk to one side, pitting the final two colours against each other. "Midnight blue or Lavender… I think the blue, I mean both of them have these lovely blue hues to their eyes" Martha looked across at her friend who smiled and plucked the blue from her hand. "Perfect, Martha. Silver* for Sherlock's shirt, I won't even bother attempting to get that boy into a tie and Blue for John's with…" the two of them had strolled into the flower forest as they spoke and Belle pursed her lips as she scanned the room for the perfect button hole bloom. "these!" she exclaimed excitedly and plucked two stems from the pile. Martha chuckled. They wouldn't know what hit them come April.
"There was a man, Hudson was his name, who ran quite a successful crime syndicate until he decided to brutally murder two rival  criminals and get implicated in the crime."  Sherlock went on to explain a bit more in depth and John leaned closer to hear what exactly Mr Hudson had done, interjecting every few minutes to ask medical questions or just clarify the story, staring enthralled the entire time. " The police wouldn't have found the evidence to get him sentenced as he should have been, I could. It was a favour for the woman seated in 4a that I ensured his death. I'm not generally in the business of favours especially ones that involve--" but all of a sudden they were taxiing down the runway and Sherlock's teeth clenched while he grabbed the armrest for dear life as the plane went vertical.
"Hello boys what are you doing up so early? That Lestrade fellow call you away?" She asked as she ushered the two of them inside. "No no, we just needed some milk for tea, Sherlock spilled ours down the drain again. I'm beginning to wonder why I said yes" he winked at Sherlock who beamed at him in return. Mrs Hudson just looked confused. "Said yes to what dear?" she asked, watching the two of them while they slipped into their own little world and then back out of it to answer her. "Should probably have opened with that shouldn't we?" John said, laughing. Sherlock turned to Mrs Hudson and shrugged "We asked each other if we wanted to get married and the response on both fronts was yes. Obviously." Mrs Hudson paused for a moment and took in the scene that was before her. Sherlock was sitting down, smiling broadly up at John who was standing behind him, arm draped across his shoulder and smirking. She looked at his hand and sure enough a golden ring had appeared on it, already looking like it had always been there, like he had been born wearing it. Her eyes flicked down to Sherlock's hands and there too sat a ring, white gold and sparkling in the beam of early morning light streaming in the window. Her own hands flew to her mouth as she squealed "Oh boys! You definitely should have started with that, trying to give me a heart attack the two of you! Oh congratulations, I couldn't be happier for you both. You'll have to tell me everything that happened, don't you roll your eyes at me Sherlock I know you remember it all, Now you take the milk and help yourselves to buns, I have to call Mrs Turner and tell her, maybe you can meet her married ones, get a few tips. I'll make tea, but only this once, I'm" "Not our housekeeper" Sherlock and John chimed in unison as Mrs Hudson toddled back to the kettle and her phone.
Not if they knew what was good for them. But Gregory Lestrade didn't know about that and Mycroft found himself realising that Gregory being the sort of person he was, even if he did know, he wouldn't let that minor point bother him. How very
Sherlock lifted his cup to his lips, basking in their shocked admiring silence and sipped his tea as if nothing amazing had just happened.
Mycroft had been busily stripping the rosemary leaves from the stems, and had just started to snip the leaves into tiny pieces. “I rather like goose,” he said diplomatically.
“So I replied, 'Well, he's not going to be there and that's it.' Nicolette was behaving like a petulant child! 'But he
‘Christ in Heaven,’ thought Mycroft. ‘This man is a gift from God. I must have done something truly saintly to deserve him.’
“Is Constantine's even actually open for breakfast anyway?” asked Greg distractedly, as Mycroft offered him the cigarette back.
As John pulled Agatha up, Sherlock barged into the study to get Mycroft off his phone - as instructed by his mother - banging the door open rather unnecessarily loudly and without bothering to knock first. Over the noise of Sherlock bursting into the room, John heard Mycroft jump, his chair creaking sharply, before he snapped irritably,
"How did he get you like this?" John asked while he was placing the steri-strips. He meant with the knife.
she murmured quickly into it, making him literally burst out laughing.  Sherlock looked at him sharply and frowned - while also managing to raise an inquiring eyebrow at the same time. John shook his head at him, still grinning, and, on looking in his own cracker, he discovered that he had a red paper hat and a tiny nail file. ‘Mmm. Maybe could come in useful as a concealed weapon?’ he thought wryly, laying it on the table and looking around as he put his hat on to see what everyone else had got. His wasn't really a great prize and cracker-prize envy had been a very real thing amongst his sister and cousins when John was growing up.
silver hair. Getting braver, Mycroft wove his fingers through and into it and made a tight fist in one hand, the sensation making Greg rumble his pleasure wordlessly in his throat. From high above him, Mycroft whispered Gregory’s name in response and gasped and moaned softly. He did all of these things over and over again, watching everything that Greg was doing entranced; almost unable to take his eyes away from the sight. Greg’s tongue and breath on his flesh were hot as sin, hot as fire. He didn’t say a single word, but he worked his hands and lips and tongue on Mycroft’s cock and on his bollocks like he was worshipping his lover’s body with his mouth. And if that was his intention, then Mycroft indeed felt truly worshipped.
“I wouldn't have thought so...” replied Mycroft, as Greg took it, tapping the ash off into the beer can. Which brought him onto something which had been playing on his mind, rather. “...So when did you actually make the booking?” he asked, intrigued. “You must have been …erm….
“But I didn’t, John,” said Sherlock, softly, reading John’s mind, “and I’m here now…with you,” and he brought John’s fingers up to his lips and kissed them.
He couldn't say that yet, but instead he murmured, “It's always all about you, Sherlock, you stupid, mad bastard. It always has been.” He squeezed Sherlock tighter; with his arms, with his body, clutching a fistful of the back of Sherlock's shirt and with his head pressed to the side of Sherlock's face, his eyes shut tight, lashes wet with both the tears he had just shed and with fresh ones threatening.
The next morning, the sun was streaming in through a gap in John's curtains and the light woke him up. He lay still and looked at the dust motes swirling in the sunbeam as he breathed into it. He felt weird. Paused. Like you do when something massive has happened the day before and you’ve forgotten it overnight, he thought, and he waited - thinking that any moment now he was going to remember it in a sudden shock of revelation. But nothing came. Not with a sudden shock anyway, it was more like a whisper.
There was a moment of solid unbroken silence whilst she weighed up the situation. Eventually, she took a deep breath and sighed heavily, rolling her brush in her fingers. “It’s not what you think…” she said looking at it.
Greg withdrew one of the bent - but luckily not broken - cigarettes and tucked it between his lips, closing the crumpled packet and then reaching over to place it on the bedside table on the tea tray. He ran a hand through his hair, leaving it no less tousled than it had been before, and making Mycroft smile. Mycroft knew, as a failing ex-ex-smoker himself, that right now Greg was relishing the feel and the smell and the sudden relief of having some cigarettes at his disposal again. It felt like such luxury to suddenly find one when you were desperate and thought you were all out. Mycroft looked longingly at the smooth brown skin of his back and shoulders, thought about how he must look with the cigarette hanging out of his mouth, and marvelled once again at his luck.
Greg mumbled, the string of words indistinct, spoken as they were through his slightly gritted teeth. Greg pressed himself more firmly against Mycroft. “If you’re going to be saying it like
The table’s surface, where it could be seen, was marked and slightly gnarled, both with the natural uneven appearance of the aged wood - with all its knots and whorls - and from so many decades of use. “What a lovely table this is, as well,” John remarked, looking at the ornately carved flowers and leaves around its legs and feet. There was no tablecloth exactly, just a deep wine-red central table-runner with thick gold edging, and matching square fabric placemats in the same gold tone. Two large ornate brass candlestick holders at either end of the table held stout cream coloured candles. John smiled because he had seen Siger polishing the holders earlier and admired those too. Each of the six wineglasses bore strands of delicate variegated ivy leaves, twined around the stem just below the over-sized bowls and held in place with golden florist’s thread, to match the glasses’ golden rims. Small folded cream place-cards were positioned at the top of each placemat, all bearing intricate calligraphy lettering spelling out their names in dark grey ink.  They had obviously been done by hand, as had the thin (and slightly wobbly) gold rectangles bordering each place-card. It was like a table set from Country Living magazine.
he thought. The thought of him and Sherlock being noisy in bed together made his insides clench and his cock jump with lust. Maybe Sherlock felt the same way, as he suddenly reached down and had to adjust himself through his trousers. John could see his erection pressing against the fabric.
“Of course…” The bartender turned to Greg. “And you, sir, would you like another G&T?…Was the Fevertree tonic to your liking?”
in capitals where the stamp should be, no other distinguishing features. He sniffed delicately. “Hand delivered by whom?” he asked, still not touching it.
“I’ve got something for you too,” said John, delving into his pockets. He brought out first the packet of violin strings that he’d picked up that morning and that Oliver had had to order in for him because they were the particular ones that Sherlock favoured, and there’d been none in stock yesterday. While Sherlock was smiling down at them, pleased, he brought out the second gift - the little green fabric ball with the violin string rosin inside it - and held it out to Sherlock in his closed fist. This one was the more special of the two gifts. When Sherlock, bemused, held out his own empty hand underneath John’s to accept whatever it was, John dropped the little ball into it.  “Happy Valentine’s Day,” said John. And then, to play along with the game, he said, “None of it’s from me, though.”
“Er…right, ok…yeah, sorry,” the man said hurriedly and turned back to the woman he was with, who was clearly embarrassed and possibly furious. She had put her knife and fork aside, though her meal was also only half-finished, and she appeared to be looking around for a waiter. When one came over, she murmured something to him and before Mycroft knew it, she was asking for the bill. Greg turned his full attention back to Mycroft and smiled. “Now, where were we?” he asked, pleasantly.
and lunged forward to capture John in a genuinely affectionate embrace. John dropped his overnight bag just in time but the flowers and the bottle of wine he was carrying were unavoidably enveloped in Mr. Holmes' enthusiastic welcome. "Hello, hello! How lovely to see you, dear boy!" bellowed Mr. Holmes warmly, clapping John on the back and then releasing him.
"So. We're going looking for a grown adult who may have stormed off in a tantrum and is now in a mood," stated John baldly, his irritation at Sherlock and his incredulity over what sounded like a ridiculous case showing plainly in his voice.
Greg held firmly around Mycroft’s back and his arse the whole time to support him, to hold him upright; just once sliding down to squeeze the back of his upper thigh, digging his fingers in hard, making Mycroft moan more audibly. There was no doubt about who was in the driving seat, or who was in control, or who was boss, now. It was Greg. Mycroft had never,
He squeezed Mycroft’s hand briefly and then brought their clasped hands across his lap slightly, higher up onto his mid thigh, so that they could relax their arms comfortably as they rode along. Against his exposed wrist, Mycroft could feel the heat of Greg’s thigh through the fabric of his trousers.
detached-psycho-analyst expression on, and then he leaned forward and put his elbows on the table and steepled his thumbs and fingers under his nose and chin and stared at John with narrowed eyes and suddenly his eyes widened and John could see his
He even forgave her for shooting him really, because he could see that actually, that incident had been for Mary just like the fall from the roof had been for him. She shot him to save John, possibly it was also to save Sherlock too, but primarily to save John. She did it so John would be safe.
“Where's Mycroft, darling?” asked Lucia quickly. John noticed with amusement Sherlock’s slight flinch at being called
Then Sherlock's tongue touched John's ear in a small seductive lick and John could have kicked himself for it, but a moan escaped him.
Mycroft took a vol-au-vent from Sherlock’s offered plate and then almost immediately pleaded clemency for the family drinks gathering because he needed to make another phone call on the landline, as he’d been cut off just now on his mobile -
The waitress came and cleared their plates, and then presented them with the dessert menu. Both of them felt inclined to express their enjoyment of the meal, which Mycroft felt had been absolutely exquisite - even by Constantine’s high standards. Maybe it was also something to do with the company. The company caught Mycroft’s eye. “So. Pud?” he asked, cheerfully, and then, “Have you got a sweet tooth, Mycroft?”
the father. Not me. And…and he’s asked her to leave me and go and be with him again. And so…so… she's left!” He sat up, paused and then swallowed hard. He seemed less matter of fact with each word. More conversational. But suddenly his voice grew thicker again and more emotional. “She’s left me...to go and be...with him! And there's more...there's..." and then he stopped speaking and bent his head, resting his elbow on his knee and pinching the bridge of his nose with his eyes closed. He breathed in deeply, shakily, his face contorting.
“Honestly, John, I thought you’d never ask….” Sherlock quipped, making John burst out laughing again.
The man just doesn’t care, thought Mycroft, he’s a law unto himself. He couldn’t stop smiling from the unbridled joy that this thought brought him.
a normal person might quite reasonably be inclined to ask. But life at Baker Street was never what you’d call ‘normal’; things generally weren't ever
John turned his face away and hid his grin behind his hand. Just seeing that exchange then was like a glimpse into the past - suddenly imagining Sherlock and Mycroft as actual children - how the fur must have flown when they were growing up, he thought.
try and distract me!” he said, which he suddenly knew was without doubt to be the actual point of Sherlock’s question.
“Maybe you should,” said Greg. “Just for fun. I go to the Apollo sometimes, they do a stand up night, I’ll take you.” He started to smile then he added hastily, “To
“Agatha,” Sherlock said, coolly, by way of greeting - interrupting her as he stepped forward smoothly into the room and towards her.
"This is the picture," said Sherlock, holding the oil painting up high against the wall and then moving to stand over to one side, so that John could see it.
Greg reached forwards and stretched past Mycroft to reach for his phone on the bedside table. He clicked the home button and pulled a face. “Jesus! You don’t wanna know what the time is…” he said, and he switched it off again and turned it face down on the cluttered little table on his side of the bed. “But hey, I’ve got a pack of new toothbrushes in my cupboard,” he said as he settled back down again. “They were on special offer! Lucky I stocked up, eh?!”
By the time he got back, Sherlock was dressed and busy on his laptop at the table, a steaming black coffee at his elbow. John wasn’t sure how he was going to do this, but he put the milk in the fridge first and then came back into the sitting room, about to broach the subject of what the day was. Before he could even begin though, Sherlock said, without looking up, “Oh, there’s something on the mantelpiece for you.”
“Listen, you won’t find me complaining about any out of season scones!” he said cheerfully, suddenly ravenous. The hot scones smelt amazing. Clarissa smiled gently at this and then got up and went to the kitchen. When she came back a few moments later with her hands full, it was clear she had gone to get an item that Gabriella had forgotten. She had decanted some raspberry jam into a small turquoise ceramic bowl that was obviously handmade, and she brought it over to the table, along with a set of tiny wooden spoons. John eyed the jam with delight and then sliced into a scone gratefully. Sherlock declined a scone but poured tea for everyone and then himself. He sipped it thoughtfully while they ate, vaguely watching as Clarissa and Gabriella discussed the weed-filled state of their vegetable patch in a very brief exchange, and then Clarissa turned to Sherlock as if she had been thinking about it while simultaneously discussing the garden with her partner, and said quite crisply, “So are you going to dub her in to Nicolette then, or not?" She seemed a little defensive - protective, even, John thought; naturally ready to defend her partner’s actions and feelings about the matter of her secret identity, should the need arise. Now he clearly understood the change of poise while Sherlock had been explaining their involvement.
"We need to think like him," Sherlock said suddenly, putting his mug down on the floor and standing up. "He was offended, he was angry, where would he go?"
“Like Alice down the rabbit hole,” Mycroft had observed, “but you still need to come back up and face yourself, Sherlock.” But - curiouser and curiouser, Sherlock thought - since John had been living at 221b, Sherlock had thought about what relief the drugs gave him much less often…and besides, he had sort of
Sherlock didn't reply. He knew his face would be telling John that he had just worked something out. John always knew by his face. Had to say something. And Sherlock couldn't lie about this.
As he stepped into the kitchen, Lucia saw him first and said clearly, purely for Agatha's benefit, “Oh, and here's John!”
Mycroft, who lived his life in complete control of everything, was losing it. How did ordinary people
"My name is Sherlock Holmes and this is Dr. John Watson," Sherlock supplied formally, his voice soft and persuasive, “and—”
“Oh yes,” groaned Mycroft, rapturously, thinking of the sight he would make. “Who’s going to do the honours?”
Sherlock, the film critic, had his full and lengthy review all ready. “It was moronic anyway,” he drawled through from the bedroom.
Greg suddenly rose up on his elbow, sliding his left hand from Mycroft’s shoulder down to his ribs. He wrapped his leg around Mycroft’s again to hold him still.
"Because of me?" Sherlock said, surprised, not expecting that, not understanding why, and he sat down suddenly in his chair.
yeah….” he growled harshly, pinning Sherlock hard against the wall again, his own eyes closed now, his rugged handsome face contorted with the strength of his orgasm, covering both their stomachs with more waves of fluid heat. Sherlock's hand swept up John's back again as he came and kept coming, making him shudder and moan against his friend. “Oh my God,
Within a few hot, gasped moments, they were both nearing their climax, and it was Greg who growled, “Oh God, I wanna see you come first,” his voice rough and forceful, his fist tight on Mycroft’s flesh, his body almost as close as he could get and still do what they were both so intent on doing. And something in Mycroft had gone irreversibly past the boundary and so he was no longer fully in control of himself when he whispered, “Oh, yes, Gregory, yes…I’m so very—” and at his brokenly gasped words, Greg gripped him hard with his thigh and swiftly shoved their hips closer together, and at that moment, Mycroft felt himself begin to experience such an explosive orgasm that he actually cried out. “Oh! Oh, God,
He left the chocolate where it was and picked up the scarf with a broad sweet smile on his face. It was just as lovely to touch as it was to look at. It was a soft woollen-cashmere mix; and on closer inspection, he found that although at first glance it appeared to be a dark-navy blue, what could only be appreciated up close was that it was also shot through with charcoal and lighter midnight-blue threads, and that the rich fabric contained other glimpses of an almost luminescent bright royal-blue colour. It felt truly luxurious, and had that wonderful warm wool smell that John liked so much. Running it through his hands he also noticed whose the fully-woven-and-sewn-in maker’s label was. It was Gieves and Hawkes…one of Sherlock’s Savile Row tailors.
Still watching Mycroft’s rapt face, Greg brought his right hand slowly round from Mycroft’s exposed upper thigh and took firm but confident hold of Mycroft’s cock, his eyes never leaving Mycroft’s face. Mycroft gasped at the shock of Greg’s sudden definite movement; even though he had seen it coming and knew it was about to happen….the
“Nah,” said Greg, “we’ll save that for another weekend…” then he suddenly he thought about it. “Ahh, that's if you’ve got nothin’ planned this mornin’?” he said cautiously. He suddenly realised that maybe he’d been rather presumptuous. Mycroft must be an extremely busy man, even on Sundays. “So…
John felt a shiver go down his back at Sherlock's voice and Sherlock's mouth and tongue and teeth, hot and wet and hard on his neck.
"Actually," said Sherlock, and he glanced at his watch, "I suppose I'd better let Lestrade know he needs to get something out of the freezer."
"Caught?...What? What do you mean, 'caught'?" asked John, now turning around in his chair, just as Sherlock began to shrug off his coat. John noticed immediately how awkwardly Sherlock was moving. "
Sherlock yawned noisily and lengthily from the bedroom and then pointed out, “Usually you like it when I make deductions…”
"Go back to bed, John," Sherlock said, turning his head again to look back out of the window and sipping his coffee.
And anyway, he thought, was he really going to intrude on such a beautiful moment? Tickets could wait. So Ian let his hand drop from the door button un-pressed and turned around to walk silently back up the train the way he’d come. ‘Plenty of time to check their tickets later, when they eventually came up for air,’ he surmised. He shook his head, smiled a wry little happy smile at the heart-warming nature of love and carried on walking.
As she shut the door, Mycroft was coming to the end of his mental list of all the possible letter-writers of his acquaintance and was still none the wiser, so he picked it up and sniffed it. Nothing. Nothing of note anyway, just paper, so he reached for his letter opener and opened it. A single sheet of fairly nondescript white A4 paper was inside, and in the same scruffy but rather intriguing handwriting as the envelope, read the words, “I’ve seen you looking. Why don't you find out what you’d like to know? Constantine’s tonight at 8.”
were two entirely different things. Greg didn’t take his eyes away from Mycroft’s and there was absolutely no way Mycroft could tear his gaze from Greg’s. His erect penis was nearly touching Greg’s face.
John's fingers and hand, and as John watched, still frozen, still mesmerised, with both his hands on Sherlock but both unmoving now, Sherlock brought his right arm up higher and his hand carried on sliding up John's bare forearm, until he gripped John's forearm just above his wrist and
He unfastened his last button and pulled his shirt off to throw it carelessly to the floor, but before he could lie back down on Sherlock and feel him full length, skin to skin like this, Sherlock put his hand up onto John's stomach to stop him. John waited, completely still, suddenly terrified to hear what he would say. ‘Oh, no, please, not now,’ John thought, ‘not when I have forsaken everything I ever thought I was for this.’ Sherlock held John's gaze calmly but with a carefully restrained anxiety of his own. “There is no going back from here, John,” he said, his hand unmoving on John's firm stomach. "You understand...this changes
“Mmm,” said Sherlock, neutrally, his eyes never leaving the screen. Then he added dismissively, not looking at John, “Well, that thing you’ll find on the bed, then, that’s not from me.”
she said, interrupting him, “Oh, good God!” And she turned round and looked fully at him, studying his face, brows lowered, her mouth slightly open.
So Sherlock had smiled, enjoying John's scandalised face, his amusement and his obvious admiration, and had said on impulse, “Well, you know I do love shocking you, John.”
When he had got home, John had asked, "Anything happening at the station?" And Sherlock had thought of the exchanges with Donovan and Anderson, and knew John would appreciate what he had said to shut her up and so he had told John the story.
Mycroft stood up and, without asking, began to take over the job of dishing up the scallops for Agatha and Sherlock without argument. He did, however, intone rather exasperatedly, “Haven’t we just experienced the joy of crackers only a few days ago?”
“Come on,” he said quietly to John, and then as John stood too, Sherlock added in a deliberately loud undertone, “She gets like this. Like Mycroft. Doesn’t want you to interfere…very
Sherlock confirmed, his heart warm in his chest at the look on John’s face. He loved it when he made John smile and, even better, laugh.
"He's a new waiter," continued Sherlock. "Saw it on the staff rota. He was supposed to start work today at 11.30, but as it was only just after 10.30 I said I'd got a lift and had to come in early."
Sherlock looked at them both, each in turn. “I am not four now,” he said clearly, reminding them both to shut up. Then he returned to the task at hand.
previously, the man she had secretly forgiven, been meeting up with when John was at work, and the man whose baby she said she now carried. And as she had walked down the steps of their building to the taxi waiting outside, she had turned back and said, "I can't be Sherlock for you, John, I can never be Sherlock…so maybe it’s just as well…” She still had tears on her face. He shouted furiously that he didn't know what she meant by that and he went after her and grabbed her arm to stop her and asked her what the fuck she was talking about.
A few hours later, he had sat down again at his laptop to try and finish writing up the blog. He really wasn’t enjoying this one. This case was being so reluctant to write up for some reason. Even though he’d already gone away and come back to it several times over the last few days, it still just wouldn't come together. Reading it through, it seemed almost quite dull and yet, it really shouldn't be; it was a truly tabloid-sensational case of in-family blackmail, and it contained embezzlement and intrigue and fraud and it had a very unlikable perpetrator. But John found his writing on this one just wouldn't flow - what with all the financial jargon and legal issues…as he read it back, the blog just sounded like a problem page from the Financial Times, and the perpetrator just sounded suspiciously like some kind of dubious, made-up pantomime villain. It was annoying. He and Sherlock hadn't spoken a single word since the cup argument that morning, but really, he had been feeling strained and a bit pissed off before that anyway. They hadn’t been getting on very well lately. The atmosphere in the flat hadn't been all that great for quite a while. At the moment you could cut it with a spoon.
Sherlock had watched John grow paler and paler and though he didn't ask if John was alright, he said immediately,   "Good idea. I think I might go and lie down too." He watched John as he said it.
Mycroft’s insides, usually so sturdy and resilient, whirled and spun again. “Constantine’s for breakfast?” he murmured demurely, displaying nothing of this continuing inner acrobatics apart from the answering smile growing on his lips.
Greg was silent. He thought back to the day he had first seen Sherlock's back, the way he had covered up so quickly when he realised that his back, his history, was on display. "You cannot tell John this. I don't think he is aware of Sebastian." Greg almost laughed at that. Mycroft still believed John was a bit dim. "He knows about him, well enough to hate him. He doesn't sleep when Sherlock has nightmares. I heard him, rocking and comforting Sherlock in his sleep. He has no clue about what happened but, he still comforts Sherlock because he knows it's the right move." Mycroft smiled. "John always had a soft spot for helping those in need. Obviously loving my brother would bring out the protective side of him like almost nothing else does" Greg rolled closer to Mycroft, the story had made him crave touch, just to assure himself he could
“I don't think it was a mistake, I'm glad to see you, more than glad actually - I've been wondering--”
There are nights that stick out so vividly in his memory that sometimes John has to wonder at his brain and the information it deems important when he does this: horrifying accidents, patients dying on his watch, children DOA - all normal for the job according to everyone he's talked to.
The faint morning light began to stream in, a pink blush permeating the room. The light allowed Sherlock to study John's face. Every little line made him smile. John looked so peaceful, not like he usually did when he slept. Sherlock had taken to watching his flatmate sleep when he was feeling restless. It was a relief to see him asleep and calm, there was no tossing and screaming. For once however studying his face was not helping Sherlock to think clearly.
John rolled his eyes and shook his head fondly as Sherlock stalked after Mycroft, leaving himself and Greg to do the heavy lifting.
"You don't generally spend hours on a poor idea Sherlock, and I did say anything and I meant it. There's no need to be embarrassed, no matter what, all you have to do is ask."
He strummed the final bar and fell into silence. "Sherlock that was... Beautiful." John said quietly into the silence between them.
He was so lost in his mind palace that he didn't register John's hand reaching across the back of his knees until he was already ascending into a comfortable (He'd deny that he had thought it cozy until the day he died) position resting against John's chest. John smiled cheerily down at him "Sorry about this Sherlock but it's the best way to get you home and fixed up quickly. I don't like the look of that cut on your chest at all." The doctor walked down the winding path with Sherlock firmly ensconced in his arms, his strength and stamina astounding the God. He was reminded of the human tale of Hercules, and wondered if by some freak chance was John in a similar sort of situation, because right now he knew (being the God of knowledge was a double edged blade, he often knew things he didn't want to) that he had to have John, or live the rest of his immortal life in utter despondent loneliness and spite. Though the sun was shining, he shivered, and was more pleased than he could say when John held him closer. His mind had registered that (finally!) his mind had cut the pain of his transport out of his consciousness and stuffed it away to deal with later.
For an idiot she really was quite perceptive. The thought made Sherlock smile. Judging by the noise of the shower he had approximately ten minutes to figure out a way to stop Moriarty and kiss John. The former would pose little trouble but John... Uncharted waters. The though gave him a little thrill.
It being past 5pm on a November evening, was dark, and John couldn’t see a light shining from the window of the flat. His pace quickened to something just shy of a run, and yes, when he’d had to unlock the door his nerves had eased a bit, but it was still a possibility that Sherlock needed his help, so he kept rushing. Running up the stairs as quietly as he could, John listened at the door for a few moments before bursting in.
"From what I have gathered, you've been ignoring Greg. Yes he has noticed and no he's not happy about it. I know you don't have any room in your position to be vulnerable, but you do have room to be happy and you are only truly happy with him Mycroft. Don't try and tell yourself anything different. The man is not going anywhere! At least he won't be if you would treat him like you even wanted to speak with him! It's been two weeks and he's contacted you every single day, opened himself up to ridicule by admitting that he misses you and been shot down every time. I can tell that you're worried because you love him and that's a first for you aside from Sherlock, worried that he will actually ruin you if you let him. Trust me on this, I consider Greg a friend, and he would never intentionally hurt you. I'm certain of that. So I'm asking you to put the man out of his misery - he is miserable because he thinks you've either dropped off the face of the planet or that this is how you break up with people - and just tell him how you feel. He's not cruel you know. Just tell him. Please. I don't like all of the odd pining that's going on between you, it's making you both restless and I know you're not focused. That's why I've booked your flight back to London for tomorrow. I'll stay on and handle any issues. You're going home to tell him one way or the other sir. And yes the Syrian issue has been pressed once again but I have told them what you said." Mycroft blinked slowly, trying to wrap his head around what had just happened. She was right of course, as she had been ever since she'd been recruited at seventeen.
"Dance it with me." John twirled away from Sherlock and they began, the innocent White swan pirouetteing into his vision and John reacted, chasing in a series of petit jeté that were never quite quick enough to catch Sherlock, dancing away on pointe with all the grace of a top danseur and slowly coming back until they were dancing in step, and the Prince caressed the wings spread against his chest, carrying them almost as he ran with the beautiful swan he was falling for, and when the swan leaned out in an arabesque he was there with both hands, lifting him into the air like he was taking flight, gently placing him down and letting him dance away as the minutes till morning ticked down.
The morning was blissfully uneventful, breakfast had been a quiet affair. It was when they were all seated around the table, nursing various mugs of tea and coffee that discussion about how to spend the day began. "We could ride after breakfast" Mycroft quipped, mouth slightly full. John met Greg's eyes as they stifled a giggle. Sherlock smirked. Mummy smiled a little, it had been a long time since Sherlock had ridden one of the horses and he was a natural. "Do you ride?" she asked, addressing the two chuckling men. "I've been on a horse before, but it was very slow. Might have been a pony" "There's a mounted division of the force so I have some basics... kind of..." Mummy just gave them both knowing looks and gestured to the glass door that overlooked the majority of the estate. "Now seems like as good a time as any, after all I plan on seeing you both during the holidays and we always ride then, it's a time honoured tradition." Her tone was rather serious, it was not really a request.
Still, on she droned (Right handed, Had chicken sandwich at lunch,Married twelve years, Happily, One daughter called Abby, Rabbit named Bluebell, Applied for research position out of city, Will need glasses within ten years, Allergic to shellfish) and it took a lot of shin kicking to make sure Sherlock didn't tell her to shut up and get on with it. But just as he opened his mouth to start tearing her down, she beckoned for them to take a position around the table as Mary exposed her still mostly flat stomach to the air and the doctor poured blue gel that was, surprise, cold, and wheeled the screen around so everyone would see it properly.
When did I end up with a pair of six inch stripper heels in my coat? We should bring those two out more often, best club crawl I've done in years -GL
Unhurried footfalls creaked their way up the steps and Mrs Hudson peered around the door, visibly relieved by what she saw. "Oh good, no fires! Whatever is the matter dear?" she clucked at Sherlock like a mother hen. "We are going to visit Mummy in a short while as she has requested to hear 'The full story' as you did. Therefore to save time you should come with us there to avoid a retelling. Oh yes and she says hello" John smiled brightly at her all the while and she grinned and clapped her hands together. "How is Orabelle? I haven't heard from her in so long... It will be good to see her again" she gushed at them both. "Well at least I know her name now, never heard of anyone called Orabelle before, then again, she named you Sherlock and Mycroft so I suppose I should be less surprised." Sherlock smirked "Actually it was my father, Siger, who decided on Sherlock and Mycroft, traditional Holmes mens names. Mummy is French, Orabelle is a French name meaning golden light. Mummy decided our middle names should be French too." Sherlock grimaced and stuck out his tongue briefly. "Well? What are they then?" John asked excitedly, he'd never thought to ask this before but now he had to know. "Mycroft's full name is Mycroft Ameri Erec Holmes." John's mouth twitched slightly "And what do those names mean then?" Sherlock smirked " Ameri means Home ruler, Erec means ever ruling." John and Mrs Hudson burst out laughing, clutching their sides at the apt names that had been bestowed upon Mycroft at birth. John wiped his eyes, tears of mirth had been streaming down his face "Oh God, right, your mum knows everything, it's official! What about your name then?" Sherlock pouted but acquiesced "Sherlock Tristan Legér Holmes. Tristan meaning riot and Legér meaning people spear." John smiled "Accurate enough, Mummy Holmes is very impressive. At least you're not called Hamish." he joked and Sherlock pecked him quickly on the cheek, a thank you of sorts for not laughing.
"Edgar is lovely" John said casually as he rifled through a box of vinyls. "I didn't mention him because I had no cause to. I haven't heard from him in six years, I became increasingly busy with the work and his great grandchildren were being born. He is more of a grandfather to me than a friend, if that's what you're getting at. As I told you I don't have friends I only have one." John shrugged, looking bemused. "I wasn't commenting on anything, just remarking that he's a nice guy. I'm not surprised I hadn't heard of him, the past isn't exactly our most interesting point of conversation and it doesn't bother me either way, as long as you're happy I'm happy" Smirking at the confused frown on Sherlock's face, John pressed a soft kiss on his lips "I'll be outside, going to order some dinner before we get home, at least then the wait will feel shorter. Come out when you're done" With another kiss John was gone, the bell on the door signaling his departure.
“Whatever are you musing about over there? I think I may finally understand what you meant about thinking loudly my dear fellow, your thoughts at the moment are positively cacophonous.” Watson’s voice, clearly lilted with the force of his grin, drifted over as the sound of his entrance and the shutting of the door finally registered in Holmes’ head.
Clearly this man at least, was not quite so stupid as Sherlock would have everyone believe. Lestrade looked shrewdly up at him and put his coffee down. “In what sense are his prospects ’not good’ then, Dr Watson? Because it sounds like you're gearing up for one hell of a ‘but’ and I would rather just hear it straight out.”
Sherlock sat with John's arm around him as the three of them went through the photos of the honeymoon and took a second to make sure that this moment was saved forever in his mind palace, in with the wedding and the honeymoon itself,  with his store of John, Mrs Hudson and now even some Lestrade Mucroft again, under the reference title Family. Yes, he had Mummy and the two sides of the extended biological family, but they didn't really count .  These five, and more immediately, these two people were the ones who truly felt like they were hi family. With another member on the way, everything would be different, for the better or not, Sherlock couldn't yet tell. At least, for today, this,  with John around him and Mrs Hudson not too far away,  was home, and he had missed it.
In the three seconds it took for the doctor to walk over and pull open the door, Sherlock tried to make sense of the tension between the two of them. What was it about the older man that has him so intrigued? What was it about John that made Sherlock want to crawl under his skin and learn every single inch of him?
He gasped when John's tongue flicked across his soft pallet and swallowed a small moan when John straddled his hips, pushing their chests together. Maybe it was the liquor but all of a sudden Sherlock found himself thrusting up against John, canting his hips upwards, hoping that John could feel exactly what this was doing to him. John's low growl must have meant he could because moments later Sherlock felt John rubbing against his thigh. His usually ever working mind has blanked in favor of one thought, and it's name was John. John's mouth moved to his jaw and neck, sucking and licking, making Sherlock moan and writhe beneath him.
If his brother (Posh suit McGovernment meddler) was anything to go by, a lack of wealth leading to destitution and subsequent drug dependence was off the table. Apparently, the mad bugger really hadn't been kidding about the fact that needing stimulation was the reason for his drug use, an addiction born of nothing but boredom and cash to burn. John wanted to be angry at him for it, this criminal waste of the potential he could see was lying dormant inside of him, but the really sad part was that he couldn't be.
"No Mary, they haven't been through here yet today - why, is something wrong?" Greg sat forward, suddenly alarmed. What if something had happened with the baby?
Sherlock could not believe he was engaging in such flirtatious repartee with this strange man who drew his lovers in the throes of passion and then displayed them on his walls for all to see."Why not both John? Although I usually go by the term consulting detective."
"Sherlock! We'd better get going, was it not you who complained about being bored?" John was waiting in the kitchen, trying to think what Sherlock would possibly be wearing a that took so long to put on when Sherlock strode in. Wearing jodphurs, cowboy boots and hat and nothing else. His entire upper body was on display. "Sherlock... You look..." John struggled to find the words to say exactly his magnificent he looked. He looked away, knowing full well that Sherlock would detect every indecent thought he was having about tearing off those leather trousers and taking him right there, because that would make Sherlock uncomfortable and he didn't want that. He'd come to terms with the fact that his flatmate was unreachable. His lower half was having none of that.
Sherlock remembered every instance that was frozen on screen, he had pulled them out in his head when he missed John. The next photo was of the fall, and John's face as he watched Sherlock topple over, John being taken home by Mycroft and Lestrade, both in absolute silence, The look of fury and hatred in his eyes as he punched Mycroft in the face. Then it was just John. Lying on the ground of their flat, tears pooling and trickling down his face, him falling asleep with Sherlock's robe clutched in his hands, Sitting in his armchair staring at his hands. "Wait wait wait, my FAVOURITE parts are coming up!" Moriarty chimed gleefully. Sherlock, whose stomach was already threatening to empty itself with guilt and pain and want, dropped entirely. Out of the pocket of the coat he had worn the day of the fall, John produced a velvet box. The next photo was of him sitting at the table, opening it. Inside, a thin band of silver peered out of a cushion bed, and then it was gone, stowed away into John's pocket again as he grabbed his cane and limped out. The final few frames showed John at Sherlock's grave, shivering in the rain. He half smiled before leaving the box at the foot of the stone that marked where he was supposed to be lying. The screen faded once more into black. "Wasn't that just touching? Your pet was very fond of you it seems! We would be sooooo much better together, all that sentimentality was hilarious don't you think?" Confident that Jim couldn't see his face, Sherlock closed his eyes. John had wanted to marry him, was going to ask him if he would stay forever.
"Sherlock Holmes." He replied and John smiled softly at him, the brilliance of it highlighting the first strands of silver in his hair and the warm depth of the blue in his eyes as they crinkled up at the corners.
He strode in and looked Sherlock up and down before sighing wearily. "Sherlock you're in the palace. Put your trousers on" Sherlock stiffened. "Who's my client" Mycroft sniffed "I can't disclose that information." Sherlock rose and make to leave, and Mycroft placed a foot on the back of his sheet, causing his back and torso to be exposed. That was rather awkward for everyone involved as evidence of John's presence was plastered along his next and collar bones. It was hard to decide who the hickeys were more mortifying for, but John had his vote on himself. The look Mycroft gave him was one he wouldn't soon forget, there was genuine surprise in his expression and revulsion when he read all about their exploits in Sherlock's body. He attempted to ignore it and so did Sherlock. "Who. Is. My. Client" he growled, holding the sheet tightly around his waist. While he was fine with walking away nude he didn't want to leave if this was a good one, better to know first. John sighed as the brothers bickered. The sooner he could get out of here the better. " Boys. Not here." John interjected and Mycroft stepped away, straightening his suit. Sherlock made the decision to put his on. Irene Adler. Oh this would be a good one.
I'll be wanting those back as a souvenir, I seem to remember you two got the French horn so fair's fair ;) Reminder that we usually go out to get away from them, but you're right it was great, nice job Best Man -JW
in it. It was the third, almost innocuous detail that made his heart judder in his chest. There, tucked almost under the cushions, were a pair of feet that were wrapped softly in socks decorated with tiny little chemical formulas.
“Good to see you wide awake, Mr-” John started, only to be find himself on the receiving end of a disgruntled hmph from the other man.
The airport was busy, families carting sleeping children towards a universal studios shuttle bus and business people barking orders down phones, all fighting back yawns as the clock rolled on towards midnight. The hustle and bustle was familiar yet grating, and some actual quiet would be a joy if he could find it. Sherlock weaved his way through crowds of people until they began to thin out and eventually he was left standing in front of a gate with just one. The man was seated strategically, in front of the plugs but with his face towards the entrance, allowing him to see anyone who might happen past when they were still metres away. Military it was then, Sherlock smiled to himself as his picture of this man began to fall into place. It was interrupted by a subtly sarcastic British accent coming from the man himself.
Mycroft was blushing heavily in his office, his eyes had just located Sherlock minutes ago and the video feed was... Not unexpected, but a surprise none the less. "Anthea?" "Mhmm?" "Send something for bruising to Baker street for me, I believe they will be needing it."
"..AND YOU ACTUALLY THOUGHT 'hmmmmm he can take them alone, I'm sure there are only a few men in there anyway so NO BACKUP REQUIRED'..." The miscalculation had been Mycroft's fault, a lack of solid intel and a very narrow time frame for the favour Sherlock owed him had forced his hand early, leaving room for mistakes.
"I don't mind. Can I do something quickly, it won't hurt or anything like that just, with your permission this time..." John placed two fingers under his chin and tilted his face to look at him, brushing a curl away from his forehead and smiling into his eyes. "Can I kiss you?" Sherlock looked confused but gave a quiet ok and John took his face in both hands and kissed him again, watching as his eyes slid closed and actually feeling tension leave his body beneath the tender ministrations. Perfectly poised for the dance. John broke away, reaching with one hand to replay the music.
Holmes pointed to a section that, based on it's placement in relation to the rest of the pieces and the hunk of bone sticking out of it, was probably a hip piece and turned to face him with an encouraging look.
Sherlock locked eyes with the doctor once more, handing the phone back, trying to make sense of the grin on John’s face. He looked.. Relieved, somewhat, and the tension in his shoulders have eased off quite a bit. “You were invalided from the army. Gunshot wound to the shoulder that made you a liability.”
Sherlock smirked and tucked his phone away, striding down an alley lightly splattered in blood. No cabs would take him, but they would be the ones to benefit from his work on blood spatter on clothing should they be murdered. He'd spent hours working on the fresh cadavers with various weapons. He did regret not bringing John's gun as that was a distinct hole in his data however he would rectify that at the nearest opportunity. He had missed his blogger while he worked in relative silence, rather as silence as it could be when Molly was chattering aimlessly at him. He was however feeling distinctly better for the excursion, the walls of the flat had been closing in on him slowly as the caseless period lasted longer and longer. He'd give out to Lestrade for it but in all fairness he'd been updating him on all cases that were ongoing, they just weren't worth the time it took to read about them. Plus Lestrade was actually not awful to have around, and had his uses after all he'd been rather useful in retrieving John all those months ago. Sherlock would forever be in his debt for helping save John's life. He hated being indebted to someone but for this, he would make an exception. He liked to feel the fluid waves of his ring when thinking about that night, so many variables could have made it so he never had the chance to ask, to show that he loved him.
Carefully, John began to wrap his ribs up. "What about" the mellifluous voice almost whispered in his ear "girlfriends?" Shudders rushed from his neck to his legs. "Not really my area" quite possibly the largest understatement he'd ever uttered. "What about a boyfriend then?" "No." John's chest rumbled pleasantly against Sherlock's skin through his shirt. "Good, you're unattached, like me." The bandaging was finished, text book work, but tentative hands remained resting carefully along hip bones and Sherlock was damned if he was going to be the one to break that connection. This was absurd, his logical mind knew. He was a God for crying out loud, an extraterrestrial stranger that had been dumped at random and by pure chance John had been the one to come across him. And John… well. That was just the strangest part of all because who in their right mind took such care of a stranger, accepted their odd quirks, called them brilliant even, and then to top it all off had a romantic interest in Sherlock that was far from repulsive? Though he didn't believe in this sort of thing, it was abundantly apparent that John was the only person, in the entire universe it seemed, that was as suited to Sherlock as Sherlock was to him. Sherlock let out a noncommital hum and leaned into the embrace when the door flew open.
Angelo's was surprisingly empty. Though the dinner rush had yet to begin it was still unusually deserted. John eyed Sherlock who looked away innocently; he must have planned it this way. John's stomach fluttered at the effort Sherlock had made to ensure his comfort. Underneath the cold exterior Sherlock was more thoughtful than the majority of the population. The majority of the population wouldn't have slipped their coat around my shoulders during a particularly cold crime scene even though it was snowing and they were cold too. They sat down at the table by the window, the same one they had sat at on that first case together. It had become their booth.
“Do you know” John began softly, slipping onto his knees as he leaned into Sherlock’s ear, “what it was?” He felt him swallow against his hand as the moment lengthened and Sherlock, slower than treacle, turned to face him. With barely a hand span between them, Sherlock’s wide eyed look and soft headshake were cinematic, and his shaky breathing raised goosebumps on John’s neck. He let a delicate smile cross his face.
"Now that they're gone it's my duty to say my piece and be done with it. I am very protective of my sons, Sherlock especially. I hope that I can trust you to keep Mycroft happy enough Gregory because I quite like you. However if, things turn bitter, I hope you will not take it as an offense to your person if I send a hitman after you" Greg creased his mouth for a moment and then nodded slowly. "John, you seem to be exactly what Sherlock needs. I hope that I can trust you to tread carefully. You may not realise it but you hold in your power a very fragile man, and he has been hurt before. I get the feeling that you could destroy him. Permanently. I am putting my faith in you to try your hardest because if he is hurt, I will personally find you." John already knew everything she said was true, could see the frailty of Sherlock's love through his wariness to do simple affectionate things, John could see his fear everytime. Not sex, that was almost easy, it was other things. Something made him wary of them, and John knew his name was Sebastian."I know" was all he had to say and she knew he understood.
Sherlock caught up with him very quickly. "Umqra. Have any luck with it?" Really, that's what he was going with? John sighed. "No."
At this point Mycroft was stealthily digging into more of the pie and Sherlock had turned a light sheen of pink, not accustomed to the affection his father was bestowing upon him.
Their guests began to filter out, First Angelo and Mrs Hudson, going down to her flat for tea and a recipe exchange (Sherlock had joked tipsily to John that recipes were not all they were going to exchange, John had slapped him lightly on the arm and prayed he meant phone numbers.), then Molly soon after them, after realising that it was already nearing one in the morning. Greg and Mycroft were talking amiably in the corner and only looked up when John shut the door behind Molly. Mycroft pulled out his pocket watch and sighed "I had best be off, Mummy will be expecting your call tomorrow Sherlock if you are still not attending dinner." Greg put his glass down and looked at his own watch, making it very difficult for John to avoid smirking. "I should go too, crime stops for no holiday" he joked and Mycroft smiled to himself. "We'll walk you out" Sherlock offered and took John's hand as they lead the other men down the steps. When they reached the door Sherlock made to open it but John wheeled him around and claimed his mouth, it was the only word for it. He rolled his tongue against Sherlock's own and held his face gently in his hands. When he broke away Sherlock truly was breathless. Blinking somewhat he allowed John to pull him to the side and open the door for the two flushed men behind them. Sherlock looked up "Ah." he exclaimed breathlessly "Mistletoe."
John's problem was that he was too kind for his own good. Sherlock, listening to his soft reassurances, was even more conflicted about his request. There was a chance that this encounter could destroy their friendship, but God was he exhausted. There was no backing out now.
, John mused. The man looked impossibly young under the dim lights of the ICU ward; a head full of unruly dark hair matted with sweat and long, pale limbs peeking out from under the hospital-issued blanket. The face, John couldn't help noticing, was full of calm.
Sherlock gave him a shrewd look. "Just because you learned Cechetti and haven't put on so much as a slipper in two and a half years doesn't mean you can't do this." John sighed fondly and thought that he was probably going to be doing that a lot. "If you say so. Show me what you have choreographed already then, You probably have most of it out already." A smirk on the other's face meant he'd hit the nail. John realised he should have seen it coming when the man sat down and pulled on a pair of pointe shoes, making him even taller than before. "Great" John muttered sarcastically "just what you needed, more height." Sherlock laughed as he strolled over to a connection on the wall and plugged his phone in, pressed a button and the music to Swan Lake began to play, but it was... Different somehow. New.
He'd packed most of his stuff away anyway, because this, this right here was exactly what he'd expected,didn't mean he felt any less like throwing up. He didn't regret a minute of their time together, and telling Mycroft that he loved him was the right thing to do even though it left him feeling rather empty. The man had to know that he was capable of being loved by someone. Greg rang for a taxi and grabbed his stuff, dumping it in front of the door. He'd hoped, deep down, that Mycroft would rs down the stairs to meet him and tell him that he'd gotten it wrong, that Mycroft loved him too and wanted him to stay, but when the doorbell rang with the cabbie Mycroft hadn't reappeared and he was forced to accept the stark reality of his situation. He closed the door quietly behind him, not wanting to intrude anymore than he already had. "Tufton street please mate." he instructs the driver who took a quick look at him and his ample baggage and drove off in silence. Greg had never been so thankful for it in his life.
Oh Please. Your response time indicates extreme boredom, not to mention the fact that I already told you before you went to work that it would be inconceivabley boring. You insisted on going however, but even though you are bored of elderly patients sometimes you still afford them your full attention, so I know you are not actually busy because if you were I would not get a response -SH
That night, Sherlock was once again caught in the throes of a seemingly endless dream. He could not make out much of what was happening in his subconscious but what he could recognize out of the storm of sensations was the slow, familiar clouding of his mind coupled with the torturously burning aching need to re-introduce cocaine into his system.  His skin prickled, his arms felt glued to his sides. He could hear a persistent ringing sound in his head and if only he could just lift his arms a little bit, he was desperate to make the ringing stop.
hey ended up in the conservatory, with Sherlock's head on John's lap while they sat on the sofa. Sherlock fiddled with the leather bracelet on John's wrist, His army tags were attached to it and John never took it off. Sherlock felt John chuckle. "You have this fascination with it, my bracelet." Sherlock looked up at him "Every letter has a part of places you've been ingrained into it. Sand from Afghanistan, Dust from London, even some of our cases have a place in the engravings. If even one of them had been different we might never have met, and I would never have seen what I was missing out on." They lapsed into silence. "Well, neither would I." he leaned down and planted a soft kiss on his cheek. "Thank you, by the way. For all of this. I'll remember it when we have cases and you ignore me" he laughed briefly "Is it terrible that I'm excited to go home, and I'm hoping there's been a murder?" Sherlock grinned at that. "You are constantly surprising me John, constantly surprising."
man under that hard outer shell. He’s brilliant, you know that, you’ve heard his deductions, and I just find it plain sad that he’s throwing all that potential away on cocaine. He needs someone to help him see that he doesn’t have to be alone. I don’t know, Paula, it feels like I’ve been carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders since the minute I met him.” John explained, a sad smile on his lips.
“Too presumptuous? I understand, of course, if you wish to forget about the events of last night, and if I have made you uncomfortable I do apologize.”
"What does that mean?" Greg whispered to John who was standing now. "Battle stations. Someone is going to die." He was up just in time to see Sherlock's head dip to whisper in Major Sholto's ear and the pair of them disappear off. "Call a medic would you Greg, and an officer or two as well. I think the suspect is in the building." Greg was already dialing before John had said call. John himself was rushing off with no explanation to the now mollified guests. Mostly they just accepted the word "Sherlock" and a shrug as explanation enough.
So, as he sat next to Holmes in the cab, a mere inch of space between their thighs, John soaked in the waves of heat that emanated from the man at his side and contemplated this. More and more often these days he was seeing what could only be described as signs of reciprocation, of attraction, coming from Holmes. Of course, to act on this inkling would be to put his own life on the line, and in the event that he was mistaken, could mean the destruction of the incandescent friendship they had created along with the other criminal repercussions. Holmes caught his eye and smiled softly at him, that wondrous crooked smile that was always genuine and always for him.
So. Its been a while. I wish there was a convenient catch all excuse for why this took so long, but life isn't really like that. Instead of a long winded essay about my life and the series of circumstances that made me step away from all my creative work, I'll just say sorry I'm late, here it is, the final chapter at last, and that I hope you're all doing well. Through all the 104k of terrible spacing, unbetad errors, me typing this up on my phone under the covers at two am, people read this and that means the world to me, so I’m sorry it took me so long to get here, but it’s finished, finally. This doubles as the final prompt for my 50 drabbles fic, so if you ever followed that, thank you a million times over. All my love -S
"You see Sherlock, we play our game of chess, and one of us gets the prize, because the winner gets to take everything" Moriarty called, fiddling with the recording a bit more until he found his place. "For the grand finale, Session ninety four, John reads out his love letter!" 'Dear Sherlock, if you were listening you'd probably mock this, especially because Ella is involved, you were never her biggest fan. She said this might help me, to get over you, feel better or something. I don't believe that much, but I want to tell you a lot, and if this somehow reaches you well it'll be worth the pain of writing this. Because it was painful. I wish that I had told you when you were here, I love you Sherlock Holmes, and I always did. You brought me back to life, saved me in a way I couldn't save you. You said not to make people into heroes, but to me you will always be a hero, because you worked so hard to save everyone and solve it all... The day you jumped was the worst day of my life, and I have had my share of bad days, but nothing could have affected me more than losing you. You were the most human human I have ever known, and no one can ever convince me that you told me a lie. Even though you maybe didn't feel the same, I would have married you Sherlock, because I wanted to be yours until the day I die, still do. I punched Mycroft in the face for us both, I think I did a good job, his face swelled quite nicely. It's funny the things I've grown to miss. The 2am violin, constant texts, biohazards in the fridge, body parts in the food if there was any... Your voice, the swish of your coat, your curls, the small smiles you saved just for me, I even miss how bloody annoying you were. I can say for certain that I don't think I could have asked for a better friend, because you were the best friend I've ever had and I am so grateful that we met. You made me who I always wanted to be, and I can never thank you enough for giving me everything that you did, because to me, you were everything. Love, now and forever, Your John." The recording ended with a soft whir and Sherlock was trembling. You were everything.
Holly leaned out over the railings with a chuckle as the couple passed her by, leaving a trail of gossips to spread the word that John was not an escort and that they were "Engaged? No way! How?" She swirled her drink, some sort of hundred year old scotch that Mycroft had handed her as soon as she'd walked in with a sly wink and a quiet affirmation that "You look irresistible in that dress." She hoped so. The dress was made almost entirely out of sheer lace, with the long sleeves and deep v-neck covered in white flowers that lead into black ones at the waist that faded out at the middle of her thigh to leave her legs on display until the ankle where the black flowers continued to the floor. Surprisingly enough she was warm even out in the snow. Close enough for her to touch was an ice fawn, clearly in pursuit of a beautiful nymph that lay for them both just out of reach. How apt. "Oh! Sorry, I didn't know anyone was out here." Holly turned around to see Molly Hooper had stumbled out to her terrace. She blinked slowly and looked Molly up and down. She looked amazing in a forest green chiffon strapless gown with her hair plaited to the side. The only issue would be the look of anxiety on her face that was probably because she was getting stared at "It's no big deal. Stay if you want to." Smooth moves there Hols, nice job. But, to her utter surprise Molly was smiling and moving to stand next to her.
John and Sherlock tied each others scarves on the way out the door and Mrs Hudson let out a soft "Awwwwww" when their foreheads rested against each others and they smiled. The journey passed quickly and was filled with warm laughter and easy conversation between them. John looked out the window and then at Sherlock. "Is this going to be as dauntingly enormous as Mycroft's house because I don't think I can take any more of that... extravagance" Sherlock laughed briefly "I think you'll like Mummy's Summer home, she designed it herself for her own personal use. It's more to my tastes personally. In fact we're coming up to it now." John and Mrs Hudson turned to look as the house loomed into view. "Oh" John breathed. They had driven into a forest clearing, surrounded by evergreens that seemed to touch the horizon. In the middle of the glade a large house stood, the first floor covered in river stones and the second wood logs. Large windows showed on open plan home filled with wooden furnishings, warm lights and rugs. "This is lovely Sherlock" Mrs Hudson added as he opened her car door. "Yes, it is" he smiled as Mummy emerged with a glide.
"Stop flirting with me and let me up." John laughed affectionately, and hauled himself off the cold ground to get a better picture of where they were being kept. As he looked around, John felt like he was actually getting more confused. This was ridiculous, and he couldn't believe that this was where they were, but he was incredibly familiar with it. "Sherlock, when I tell you where we are, and you get your head on straight, you're going to be so mad."
stuff, I think I'll give that segment of this conversation a miss and focus instead on the wonderful gift of dead bodies, thank you.”
Quiet reigned supreme along Baker Street as the snow continued to fall, it’s powdery blanket muffling the harsh edges of London’s streets.
He'd loved Mary, he had, he'd loved going on dates that didn't end in kidnappings and taking trips to places like the planetarium and not being almost murdered by giant Eastern Europeans or picking up the phone and knowing that he'd hear a voice instead of a number of pips and an explosion. Really he had. It had been nice. But nice paled in comparison to his life with Sherlock, nice didn't even begin to cover it and when Sherlock had given him that one last miracle of being alive John realised so quickly that he didn't want nice. Nice was boring. He wanted the thrill of the chase, blood singing in his veins, just the two of them against the feet of the world. And then Mary had turned out to be someone else, something else entirely than what he'd thought, she'd shot Sherlock and murdered Magnussen. Sherlock had died for a minute on the operating table and she, whoever the hell she was, put him there. He didn't need any other reason to leave her than that.
Most people would be shocked to find out, after all Greg had an ex-wife under his belt. Greg himself had been shocked, but Mycroft Holmes was a charming man and he knew how to get what he wanted. He was considerate and generous and Greg enjoyed spending time with him. They made a good team although Mycroft was always a step ahead. Greg's thoughts wandered back to the shower that had been interrupted this morning. They'd just have to make up for it later on. Greg drove to Mycroft's estate.
of sweat that covered Sherlock's brow curbed most of the anger he had been planning on taking out. Wrapping the bandage around him, John pressed a soft kiss to his forehead. "You're an idiot" he whispered before standing up. Sherlock reached up and grabbed his wrists, fear in his eyes. "Are you leaving?" John looked conflicted but eventually he settled. "No. I'm about to carry you to bed so you can sleep." Sherlock smiled sleepily at him and snuggled into John's neck when he lifted him up. "You know *yawn* I think I love you John" Sherlock murmured as John tucked him in. Even though Sherlock was already passed out John whispered in his ear "I know. I love you too Sherlock."
Ensconced in a chair Watson read the evening paper, shaking his head at the brief mention of their exploits and the implied expectation of the story in the near future. The fire was warm, the lamps low, curtains drawn tight against the dark and the chill and it sounded like Holmes was out of the bath.
"No Mary, they haven't been through here yet today - why, is something wrong?" Greg sat forward, suddenly alarmed. What if something had happened with the baby?
Sherlock pouted a little but he couldn't keep it up. "We've been gone a whole weekend, with the only semi competent DI in the yard. There's bound to be something good, perhaps a nice triple murder. Not good?" He asked as John stared at him, eyes wide. "A little bit not good yeah... I'm more surprised that I agree with you. Been too long since we have been almost shot or blown up. You start to miss it" John called with a shrug from the kitchen. It was only partly sarcastic. Sherlock chuckled and sipped at his coffee. Mrs Hudson trundled up the stairs with post and biscuits for them. "Boys a man was here for you earlier, said that he was with the police" she said, plopping a plate of biscuits down. "Did he leave a name of any sort?" Mrs Hudson smiled when John handed her a cup of tea. "Thank you dear, no Sherlock, but I'm sure that Lestrade fellow who's always coming round will appear at some point" Sherlock sighed and dropped his head back onto the armrest. Lestrade would be back at the yard within the hour and until he arrived there and heard about the case, they would have nothing to do. Well, almost nothing Sherlock smirked to himself. It had been a whole caseless weekend and they hadn't had an opportunity to do anything, with the exception of that one moment in the stables. Sherlock listened, smiling to himself , as John and Mrs. Hudson chatted amiably about the days they had spent at the estate.
he participating. John wasn't exactly sure how but his towel was long since gone and Sherlock was only wearing his shirt, but even that was open and likely to fall of any moment. Sherlock was as good as his word. He stepped on his phone a couple of times before kicking his pants under the table, where he proceeded to have sex with John.
"Now I'm just asking as a question, but if I asked you to... If I were to erm... If I proposed to you, what would you say?" Sherlock was silent for a minute. It felt much longer. What would he say? There truly was no one else he could envision spending his life with and he didn't want John to be with anyone else, and he truly did love his blogger more than he had thought he was capable of. "I would thay yeth John, I'm thure I would." John's smile was taking up most of his face at this point and he pressed his lips against Sherlock's.
“John?” He breathed disbelievingly, his gulp audible in the silence of the flat. “What…you’re here.”
Needless to say, John Watson was halfway between a panic attack and brushing it off completely. On the one hand, wouldn't it be
“No problem John, I’m sure you’d do what you can to spare us from his temper yeah?” Stamford chuckled. “I’m going for my dinner break in an hour, you can relieve me then. I’ll update the roster on my way out.”
John was determined to escape the poisonous atmosphere of home, if he could even call it that, so he worked his arse off with small jobs and clinched a scholarship to medical school. John only had himself to fend for when young, so he held his head high and joined the RAMC. If there was one thing he learned from his doomed relationship with his father, it's that he had a penchant of focusing on making things right whilst under duress.
The plan had been to meet Greg and Mycroft at the other end of their trip, so John was suitably surprised to see the two men strolling towards them. Sherlock just rolled his eyes and stood up, reaching back down to take John's hand in his and walked them both over to meet the other pair in the middle.
He was there currently, lying back against the couch in what John had labelled his 'Thinking pose' he had pointed out that he thought all the time, a statement that John had eagerly disproved that evening. None the less he lay there staring out into the bustling street below and smiling at the sound of John returning from his venture downstairs. John clutched a large box in his arms and set in down heavily on the table. "Mrs Hudson?" Sherlock queried, though it could only be her doing. "Mrs Hudson." John replied shaking his head fondly. "She did it again." he added, knowing that Sherlock would get his meaning. "I still don't see why she invites everyone over for Christmas eve. It's not as if they don't have somewhere they'd rather be" Sherlock scoffed, remembering last year, and the debacle with Molly that had made even him cringe but there was no deleting it, he couldn't. John was as much a part of the memory as Molly was and try though he might John memories were immovable. John snorted fondly and Sherlock knew he was remembering it too. "The girl was throwing herself at you and you were completely oblivious until that last moment." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I told you, it's not my area. Women especially. If they aren't explicitly saying something to me, I dismiss it. Then again I dismiss it anyway." He leaned forward on the balls of his feet and then sat back down, paying closer attention to the proceedings taking place around him.
The three of them had spent over an hour just talking and by the time they were leaving everything was agreed and Mary actually liked Sherlock. She said as much before she left, and impressed upon them both that they were lucky to have one another. She was right of course.
He sat staring at the small bag of powder for a long time on the ground by the sofa, air filling with the perfume of guilt and need. In the back of his mind he wondered how John hadn't smelled it every time Sherlock tried to talk to him about feelings. Then again, John had left him, just like all people do, and admitting that he loved him would not change that fact. Sherlock did not want to feel. Not anymore. With that, he opened the bag with trembling fingers. On his back, staring up at the ceiling, unseeing, Sherlock never heard the clatter of heavy footfalls on old stairs. He did not acknowledge the familiar voice calling out to him from the stairs, though the sounds were more beautiful than any melody. He did not move when his love dropped everything to run to him, nor when the doctor diagnosed him with shaking hands. He barely heard anything at all, but his body knew John was there, hands running through his curls, soft tears falling against his skin, the air perfumed once more subconsciously by need and guilt. His mind was a million miles away, racing down thousands of paths every second. John however had to sit, mind focusing on one topic: how he had failed Sherlock Holmes.
"We'd shaken hands that morning, laughed around a fire with those men and they were dead. I couldn't stop thinking about it when we got back, so one morning I told my superiors about it before I went to bed after the watch. They said they'd look into it and when they did sure enough the men had our bullets in them. I was almost asleep when I realised he was there, eyes locked on me. He didn't say a word, just lit a cigarette and puffed on it for a while before grinning at me and dropping it into the sand. He only said four words - see you later captain. I wasn't even captain at the time... He disappeared after that. Gone into the desert and no one saw him again. He was in line for captaincy, a near ultimate authority. Anything he said..." Sherlock finished "would have to be obeyed on pain of death." John nodded. " Now he's back and I'm going to see him again, I thought he was dead until I saw this and... It's him. Clearly he's some sort of psychopath." Lestrade stared at John, trying to figure out how best to protect him for Sherlock, and the Yard's sake.
“Use mine, it might take me a little while to get yours and you said urgent so. Here you go. Meanwhile I'll see that your new room will be ready for you tonight. I'll be right back,” John said with a small smile. Back at the nurses’ station, John approached Paula and requested that Mr Holmes be moved to a private room, “to keep disruptions to other patients at a minimum”. Just before he stepped across the threshold to Sherlock's current room, he stopped dead in his tracks.
Sitting on the train, John couldn’t get the thoughts of their exchange out of his head. It was something about the way Sherlock had asked if he would see him tomorrow. The way he had seemed so uncertain about it, or maybe it was that brief stuttered pause, as if that wasn’t what he had meant to say at all. It didn’t sit right, and John’s stomach churned anxiously the farther away from home he got.
Slowly but surely Sherlock inched closer. “Why kill her in the first place, that's what I don't understand. It was clear from her home that Emilia still cared deeply for you, if you had have asked it seems highly likely that she would have helped you financially. Oh!” He was close enough now to see the truth rush across Ricoletti’s face. “Oh I see. The money wasn't ever really the issue, was it. This was about Emilia, personally. Was it the budding romance with her old horse riding instructor? No? Perhaps it was the way that she cut you completely out of her life.”
Sherlock shook his head, smirking. "Oh John, I told you; you see but you don't observe. Every time you came into the room I wondered if you would hear my heart beating. At least my worry was warranted, I didn't have a string of women hanging off my arm." John had a sudden realisation. "The violin! I used to come home from dates and listen to you play from the stairs. That was all... Because of me?" The sad nod made his whole body hurt. "I, I had no idea! Jesus Sherlock I was only going out with them to distract myself from thinking of you!" Sherlock's eyes lit up at that and his heart wrenching smile was nearly too much for John to bear. He leaned over the table, pushing his bowl to the side and kissed Sherlock, flicking his tongue out, exploring his lower lip. Sherlock growled and John continued, putting slight pressure on the line of Sherlock's lips, cajoling them apart for his tongue to explore. Their tongues collided with slow, greedy movements. God he was delicious.
Almost in unison Greg and John gulped, the prospect of meeting mummy Holmes was much more terrifying than it had seemed earlier. Sherlock noticed John straighten his shoulders just an inch, increasing his height and displaying his posture as they drew up to the door.
Like all good things however, their holiday had to end, and stepping off the plane in Heathrow was a bittersweet experience. John had almost forgotten that Mycroft wore suits and didn't smile in public, he'd never be caught singing Italian love songs into a ladle here, not when someone might be watching. It brought home to him though, the real depth of friendship and trust that existed between them all, the level of comfort and ease they felt in each others presence, and simply being in London couldn't change that.  Besides which, he was anxious to see Mary,  It being April she would just be starting to show, making their secret a small bit more difficult to keep.  Still, that meant the baby was just under six months away and that meant they would have to start  preparing the flat. No way in hell it was fit for  child of any age at the moment, let alone a newborn.
Mary had taken the same route, being the only one who knew about the  child on the way, she had given them a few bits and pieces for them, including, much to Sherlock's astonishment, a baby blanket with a bee pattern, a soft bee teddy, and an unbelievably tiny deer stalker hat. John had laughed uproariously at the hat and made him swear to let him take a photo of the baby and him in their matching hats.  The two boxes of baby stuff were hauled upstairs to John's old  room, which would become the baby's room  in a few months, and Mrs Hudson was called up for flowers and a slideshow. Also they were out of tea,  and if there was one thing Mrs H was never without it was tea and a biscuit.
, and he'd seen that happen enough times, people jumping the gun because they think they're soulmates and discovering much to their dismay that they were wrong. Tens of thousands of people are born everyday. The numbers might be jumbled still. He could be wrong.
“I can do it, Doctor Watson, you should go have a cuppa, you're on your break after all,” the nurse -
Prompt 30: Diary 'John. This exercise seems to be as useless to me as it was to you, writing a diary of one's experiences is something best left to adolescent girls and the forgetful. I can not forget, will not forget. Would you forgive me if you knew that I have attempted to delete all recollection of you from my mind palace? Based on our previous interactions I don't doubt that you would. Still, I yearn to ask you, to hear your voice assuage my fears beyond all doubt. It was a pointless exercise because you, my dearest John, have become so much a part of me that to separate us would be the cruelest form of torture, like tearing one's very being apart. I suffer this pain and worse, the knowledge that you suffer it too in my absence, though at times, when I truly lose my grip on what is real and what is just the palace in my mind playing memories and fantasies before me, I get to see you one more, hear your voice as though you are whispering in my ear. It's probably not good that I get such relief when you do not, but I would not stop these imaginary yous from tormenting me so sweetly even if I could. You have ruined me John Watson, without even trying you have ruined me and I should by all rights detest you for it, this vulnerability that you have created in me, that has caused me to have to leave you, but I cannot.
John popped his suitcase down in the sitting room and grinned at the familiarity of the chaos; sheets and books scattered from wall to window, the harpoon stuck ostentatiously in the corner of a shelf, various jars and bearers littering the table next the the bunsen burner and just for kicks he opened the fridge. No food at all, just three human feet and a pig's head that had turned a startling shade of yellow. God had he missed this.
Sherlock made the skull promise not to tell anyone how long he had sat there reliving the feeling of John's hands on his face before he started into the research. Eight and two third minutes was far too many to be considered anything less than entirely sad. As soon as he snapped out of his selfindulgent wanderings he began with a list.
Mary and John's laughter drew him back to the present and he looked out the window at the streets outside, wondering how many more unnecessary roads the driver would take before bringing them to the right place.
of. "I didn't know he could play" John whispered to Greg. "Neither did I" Greg said, saddened by this clearly integral part of Mycroft that he wasn't privy to. "It's beautiful, no?" Orabelle murmured to John who nodded enthusiastically. "This is one of the first pieces they played together. God it has been far too long since I enjoyed this particular pleasure. Our viola player, Cousin Frederique, should be here, playing along but once Siger discovered his orientation... safe to say he was never invited back by any member of the family. He died many years ago, long before Siger, but I always felt in my heart that he'd send our boys the same way, out into exile and then to an early grave. Siger always pushed them too hard, pushed them away. I suppose I did too... silence to protect yourself is still silence...funny how hindsight changes ones view of oneself." They finished with a flourish and applause echoed throughout the room. Sherlock visibly preened under the praise.
Oh my God... You really have planned this out... Right... I suppose I have been waiting long enough... -G
“How could I not, now that Mummy has reminded me to make sure you’ll be home for Christmas dinner. I hear the decorations are to be especially lovely this year.”
Mycroft was in a bloody fantastic mood, having woken up wrapped in a warm Gregory and spent a very enjoyable shower in his company, and as a result he was doing some of his best work, apparently a good shag does wonders for the state of the government. In fairness, the past fortnight or so had been great from a work and relationship standpoint. After the major misunderstanding and subsequent reconciliation, affairs between himself and Gregory had been phenomenal. It still astounded him to know that Gregory loved him, that had been reiterated many times, whispered into worshipped skin over and over. Mycroft blushed a small bit thinking about it, and rolled his eyes at the knowing smirk Lucia gave him. "Yes yes,alright, now be sure to tell Francoise that we are not free until the new year and even then I do expect him to have resolved the issue before that. Also, remind Vikram of his precarious position and ensure he is place under level three surveillance before we go." Lucia frowned in confusion and then chastised herself "Of course, Christmas with Mummy, I'd all but forgotten." Mycroft gave a small smile and ran a hand through his hair. "Indeed. Sherlock will once again be in attendance but with John at his side I am hoping we can avoid any major incidents. We will have to pick them, Gregory, and our luggage up later on today." He shuddered sightly at the thought of the sniping that would occur. Shaking his head he runded back on Lucia. "What about your latest conquest, have you put your plan into action?" Lucia gasped and Mycroft just raised his brow, he was not an easy man to hide things from and though he'd been surprised he could not say that he disapproved of her choice. It had become clear to him when she returned from Vienna that there was someone at home she wanted to see, but as it happened that was only, and evidently still was, in a friendly capacity. He tutted good naturedly at her "Come along dear, Miss Hooper is a lovely woman and would be lucky to have you. I am reliably informed that she will be in attendance on New Years eve, midnight is a wonderful hour, don't you think?" Lucia gave a wry grin and shrugged "I'm working on it sir. Her majesty has requested that she be formally introduced to Greg, perhaps for afternoon tea after the holidays and she would like you to thank him, your brother and Dr Watson for their service to the country. In other words she's understandably very curious about your love life." Mycroft checked his watch and rose, continuing to give instructions as he moved to the door to leave. "Accept her invitation and set a date, take a look at Gregory's schedule first obviously, and I want full daily updates on Tedison's work while we're away. I do not want to return to another Egypt fiasco like David left us. We will of course be available in an emergency but preferably I want no interruptions. I've been neglecting Mummy something awful recently and I intend to make up for that in these next few days."
"Not many people do know I have one. It's supposed to be in a safe in the bank but clearly not anymore. Greg... were you... nervous, before you got married? I should be more nervous than most people, I'm marrying Sherlock Holmes for God's sake but I just... I'm worried he'll change his mind more than anything else. He said he wasn't getting cold feet but..." he trailed off and Greg's heart ached for him. This whole night alone lark got to everyone he'd ever known, made them doubt themselves or their partner and made them stay awake all night, meaning they were knackered in the morning. "Everyone feels that way the night before, trust me, I was a mess, didn't sleep, it was awful because no one could make it better but I think I have a solution for you mate, just promise not to rat me out will you?" John nodded emphatically and Greg stood up and started taking off his tie while John spluttered. "Not for that you numpty, for your eyes" Still spluttering. "As in you aren't supposed to see him but if you can't..." Greg lead and John began to grin. "You my friend are a genius." Greg tied the tie in a knot across his eyes and lead him to the door and out into the corridor.
John pumps him agonisingly slowly, holding back his own pleasure in favour of Sherlock's own but he won't have to wait long because Sherlock is on the precipice, teetering on the edge when John whispers "I love you" into his ear and he's gone, spilling onto both of their chests and he spills and spills and at some point in the middle of it all he can feel John coming inside of him, and he is spilling and spilling all over both of them for an eternity of pure bliss but it still ends so quickly, and John is still inside of him and holding Sherlock's quaking body against his with arms that should have given out long since but hadn't because he had him, and Sherlock is utterly destroyed by the adoration in his eyes and the pride in his smile and the love that spills like rain from his lips and the knowledge that this man had chosen him, was going to spend the rest of his life making Sherlock feel this way, had married him just over 24 hours ago.
Next he watched as Mycroft opened his gift and chuckled. It had taken Sherlock a while to decide what to get for his brother. They'd been enemies for so long that they hadn't actually exchanged gifts that weren't of the nicotine variety in over two and a half decades, and now that Sherlock had decided to forgive him for betraying most of his secrets to Moriarty, a sentimental gift seemed the perfect way to communicate the message. Mycroft was honestly close to tears as he stared down at the gift lying in his lap. Firstly, a bottle of Glenfiddich whiskey with a vintage that made Greg's eyes pop but Mycroft's heart soften, a long cherished memory of himself and Sherlock drinking themselves into a stupor beneath Father's desk just weeks before he'd told Sherlock he'd be gone away for the next year to places unknown and giggling all the while, neither one knowing just how expensive the bottle had been rising to the surface as he stared down at the exact same one. Secondly, a painstakingly rendered replica of a photo he had destroyed in a rage in his youth of himself and Sherlock, He around ten and Sherlock just three, sitting together with their little legs dangling, faces bright with smiles on an ornate throne all drawn and coloured until it looked like they could step right into it. Lastly, a pirates hat and a small note that read " I already have a first mate, but should you wish it, there is always room on our ship for you. We could use a cabin boy, and perhaps an uncle in the future. SH." It was wonderful and awful at the same time, because what had he done to deserve forgiveness for almost getting his brother killed by a madman? And yet he was forgiven, had been forgiven for all his failings, and welcomed back into Sherlock's life unconditionally. Not only his life, but the lives of any nieces or nephews that came from his union with John. He hadn't even thought that they were considering it, but clearly they were and wanted him to be there. It had been far too long since they had truly been brothers. "Thank you Sherlock." he mouthed at his brother who smiled kindly at him before returning to his own pile.
“Of course he won’t find it funny at all,” Lucia added, finalising the position of some of the clementines on the pyramid and re-aligning the brass candlesticks, “but
Sherlock sat down on a random seat next to the window, facing the back of the train, and he leaned the painting carrier carefully against the empty seat next to him, making sure it would stay on there before he let go of it. He turned his head to look out of the window and gazed outside. John, who had been following right behind him, put his package of paintings down carefully next to Sherlock’s and went to sit on the seat opposite. He hated facing the wrong way on trains. As John sat down, he felt the book in his pocket press against his ribs and remembered that Gabriella had signed it. He hadn’t had time to see what she’d written when they were back at her house. He sat the bag of scones on his lap and undid his coat, taking the book out and turning to the inside of the front cover to see.
Greg’s broad grin shone out then like his hair had shone so brightly under the moonlight outside. He said nothing about anything but he leaned back in carefully and kissed Mycroft gently. Mycroft kissed him back, not very gently. The kiss got more involved, Mycroft’s fingers found their way to the buttons of Greg’s shirt at chest height and stopped.
, I mean, not to actually go up there on the stage…” he paused, then said, “…but if yer did, then God forbid anyone who tried to heckle you! You could just look down your nose at them silently with those incredible laser beam eyes of yours and they’d shrivel up at yer feet.
And he was the first man that John had shared a shower cubicle with that was really only meant for one person. But for all of these reasons combined, it was the most memorable shower that John had ever had. At least,
of your cabbages, Sigs!” she exclaimed in dramatic wonder as she shrugged her coat off and chucked it messily over the hook on the back of the door. “Mycroft was just showing me…Oh, and here’s your lighter, Mykie—er,
She smirked. “That’s what I was coming to tell you about,” she said, “Donnie Guttierez is downstairs, and he wants to make a confession…” and then she told him all about it.
where he could press his body hard against his friend’s and do to Sherlock what Sherlock had just done to him. He pulled his mouth away from Sherlock's and told him so.
When it came to the first cup of tea, there was no other way for Mycroft. “Strongly brewed Yorkshire and a generous dash of cow’s milk, please,” he said. “A nice rich beige. No sugar.”
Sherlock!…” He paused, breathing hard, glaring at Sherlock. Sherlock didn’t move, simply stared back at him. “I thought you were
"Well, I'm not storing them till next year. Come along!" said Lucia, shaking the box at him urgently, making the crackers inside rustle and rattle intriguingly. “Hurry up and take one! Quick, before our food gets cold!”
“Me!” said Siger proudly, grinning over at John. He was using the gigantic one that he had used earlier to chop parsley. “Little sideline of mine. Woodwork! And I do wood-turning. Made the wooden light pulls in the bathrooms too.” He gestured at the board John was using. “That one you’ve got there, John, is from the cherry tree that came down in the hurricane of 1987!”
He knew that sometimes when he was making deductions on a difficult case, and there were splintered facts and evidence spread everywhere, like a wine glass dropped on a stone floor; after it all came together - like time reversing of the dropping of the glass, like a white implosion coming together backwards in his mind - suddenly he just
right about the new peacock blue tie after all. He had dithered slightly between this tie and his other new deep red one, as both went equally well with the charcoal grey suit, but no, he’d been right all along. Instincts were there to be trusted. As always. This particular tie really brought out his eyes, and it was a subtle but noticeable touch. He ran a hand lightly over his neat hair and, satisfied, stepped confidently into the reception area, the black-and-white chequered marble floor announcing his arrival.
“He just got deeper into debt,” Gabriella continued, “He’d bought a bloody huge house and then defaulted on his mortgage and he very nearly lost his bloody stupid huge house…” she looked at Sherlock again. Both Sherlock and John were listening intently, and so she carried on, leaning back again on her little seat.
John had his eyebrows up but he was listening intently, so Sherlock continued. “...We don’t have a case on right now. I was bored. I needed something to do last week so I started thinking about it.” He paused and looked mischievous. “Besides, when I thought about the idea of writing the notes, the moment was appropriate…" He leaned forwards in the bed and added, "...Speaking of which—”
Sherlock groaned quietly, indicating a family joke which was about to be explained. Again. Siger totally ignored him on this too. “I’m glad you asked, John!” he said, his pleasure at the imminent re-telling very evident.
with him, then he would have realised it at that moment with the strong steady pulse of his heart and the sweet swelling ache in his chest.
Satisfied, she turned back to Sherlock and continued before he could. “You two solved the forgery case of Leslie Barratt-Gleeson two years ago, didn’t you?” she said quickly.
thought John wildly, and in unison they grinned at each other through the lust and each slid a hand into the top of the other’s underwear.
he said again delightedly. “Oh my God…” He lifted his head to look down at Mycroft again. “Come back up ‘ere…” he said. “I'm missin' you already…” The words made Mycroft’s heart sing.
"What did you get, Sherlock?" he asked, knowing Sherlock wasn’t likely to demonstrate it to the table.
Sherlock took the hint and got up from his armchair, coming over to take two of them from John. He carried them through and put them onto the table, digging through one to see what John had bought. “Did you get my kefir?” he asked, looking for it.
Mycroft smiled as he was doing it all, his ears burning. He would have been able to tell without even looking at him properly what Greg had been liking just then from his stance and his posture, but it still didn’t hurt to hear it. Besides, he knew what he liked too and it was standing opposite him. He didn’t quite know if he could voice that brazen thought yet, however...and how
“I call her ‘Percy’ as well,” continued Siger, “but if I write it, I write it ‘Purrrcy,’ ” and then he spelt the word out, three rolling
John snorted again, this time in disdain. “Oh yeah, totally different!” he said sarcastically, grinning.
“It said….” Now that he knew Greg hadn’t written it, Mycroft was acutely embarrassed to repeat precisely what it had said. He swallowed and forced himself. “It
thought Mycroft in an ardent rush of admiration. Greg folded his trousers over quickly and without ceremony and simply dumped them on the floor. “They can wait…I can’t,” he said with a grin. Then he asked, “You comin’ over?” and he flipped the duvet back off the bed and slid down into it. He arranged himself artistically, lying on his side, up on one elbow, his head resting on one palm and he looked expectantly at Mycroft. “Let’s get warm, then!” he said invitingly, spreading an arm over the empty side of the bed and smoothing the sheet down, and then he grinned again knowingly at the cheesiness of his invitation. But Mycroft just smiled shyly and got into the bed gratefully, feeling very self-conscious, as Greg shifted backwards slightly so that Mycroft had room to lie opposite him.
he thought, in something like wonderment. He rolled from his side onto his back, logging the fact that he was naked…
and for the benefit of the table, he then glanced towards the kitchen where Lucia was, sighing in a comically lovesick way.
Sherlock was a model of tranquility in the face of John’s reaction to this news. “He won’t. And they won’t,” he said calmly, “because I sent one from Mycroft to Greg too. The same note. And they went to Constantine’s and had a date, and it’s obviously gone well, so no one will be going
have any cigarettes under there,” he said sniffily. “Anyway, I have two patches on today.” He suddenly brought both hands out from under the table and pulled up his dressing gown sleeve, holding his right arm defiantly out to John to demonstrate them. John glanced at the patches and then back at Sherlock’s face again. He was relieved to see he had been wrong about the cigarettes. “What
John neglected to say that Gabriel Peters was also a poet, as he knew Sherlock would definitely scoff at that. John happened to like poetry and he particularly liked several of Gabriel Peters' poems. He had one of his poetry books. The poems were generally about the beauty of coastal scenes, or unrequited or forbidden love and distant longing though, so there was absolutely no way he was going to tell Sherlock about any of that.
Downstairs, the front door of the flat was opened rather forcefully and someone entered the hallway, then the front door was slammed violently closed again. So violently that John heard the knocker bang outside with the force of it.
Four weeks after that, Sherlock took a risky roll across the bonnet of a large fast-moving car, in order to chase a fleeing business man whom a terrified witness had just alleged had been the one responsible for the murder of his wife. Sherlock leapt for the bonnet, meaning to skim over it and land sure-footed on the other side, but misjudged it slightly and rolled awkwardly over it, then landing hard and badly on the road. John was way behind him, but saw it all and sprinted faster, heart in mouth. He was relieved to see Sherlock get up from the road a moment later, cast an almost apologetic glance back at the driver - who was getting out of the car, yelling abuse at him - and then run on after the suspect. Though Sherlock had appeared to be unhurt, by the time they had delivered the man to the police ("Guilty," Sherlock had pronounced discretely as he handed him over to Lestrade), John could see he was suffering from the consequences of his actions now that the adrenaline level had dropped. He was stretching his neck from side to side and repeatedly rolling his shoulders.
'That's precisely what I mean,' thought Sherlock crossly in irritation at his own thought processes, 'now I'm quoting children's literature! I can't even think like a mathematician or a scientist anymore - I'm beginning to think like a
Greg twisted round a little then, to look full at his lover behind him. Yes, Mycroft saw, charmed, the unlit cigarette in his mouth definitely made him look more than just a bit James Dean. “Er….do you
Greg instantly fell about laughing, just narrowly missing a coffee spill of his own. “I’m jokin’, I’m jokin’- don’t worry!…Oh, your face, though!” He nudged Mycroft’s leg with his foot under the covers, his face lit up with amusement, his eyes aglow.
They kissed each other like lovers reunited, until suddenly John realised that here he could return the favour to Sherlock's neck, and he went for it with all he had, sliding his arm under Sherlock's head to grip his fingers in Sherlock's curls, his other hand pinning Sherlock's shoulder to the sofa, his lower body pressed hot and hard and fervent against Sherlock's, while Sherlock groaned low and deep in his throat and wrapped one leg around John's, all the better to hold him there. It was as if whatever one of them did, the other had a response for it, which in turn would drive them both equally forward. Just as John began to realise he really wanted some skin-on-skin contact - and what a fucking delight
and, Oh! What a surprise! The approximate time of death coincided with the time of the thunderstorm!…and etcetera, etcetera, etcetera;
John became aware that he had missed a vital prompt to bring him into this little improvisation. "Hmmm?" he asked, raising his eyebrows in question.
of course, there was the fact that John had also shot a serial killer to save Sherlock. Well, he thought that was what he had done - obviously Sherlock knew he had chosen the right pill, so he wouldn't actually have been poisoned and died, but still - John had thought he was shooting a serial murderer to stop Sherlock from becoming his next victim - so, more precisely then, he’d done it specifically to save Sherlock's life, and who else would have done that?
“There’s a bathroom there—” Greg said, pointing at a slightly open door to the left as they reached the top of the stairs, “—if you wanna…” he let go of Mycroft’s hand, “…y’know…” he grinned. Mycroft stepped up onto the top stair to stand beside him on the landing.
