Steve grinned at the words because he knew what they meant. If Tony was up to kidding around, he was letting his guard down at least a little. “I said I care about you - I didn’t say you aren’t still the biggest pain in the neck on the team. And that’s counting the big guy.” Almost shyly, Steve held out a hand. “Maybe it’s doing things a little backwards telling you I like you then making a move, but do you think maybe I could take you out sometime for a real date?”
"Time to load out, sleeping beauty," Ward agreed, unstrapping from his seat. "Would you like an escort?"
Clint grabbed his fork overhanded and hunched over his food, elbow on the table around his plate, then reminded himself he didn't have to ram his food in so he could get suited up for an op and changed his posture a bit. Glancing up at Phil, he raised an eyebrow. "You... wanna see me jealous?" he asked, skeptical but amused. He took a bite of his eggs, impressed as always by how good they were, then gave Phil a decidedly predatory look. "I guess if you're gonna go around wearing Cap boxers, I'll have to find some other way to mark you as mine, hm?"
He didn't wait to see if someone would change their mind. Tony got back to his room as quickly as was dignified. Maybe even a little undignified, since he was sure he probably half-jogged when he thought no one was looking. He quickly ducked into his suite, eyes casting about for Steve. "Honey? I'm home," he called casually, though not immediately seeing Steve made him nervous. Considering all the health problems the man had, Tony couldn't help but think- //No, no don't start that. Jarvis would tell you immediately if something was wrong.//
She looked them over with a frown. "You are SHIELD?" she inquired, uncertain but obviously unwilling to have made the trip for nothing despite spotting no familiar faces in the crowd.
About the time Tony's teeth caught on his nipple the man's fingers also found the mark. The effect was immediate and electric, a shudder running through Loki's body and a needy moan escaping his lips. He wasn't playing things up for effect, but he wasn't holding back either. He wanted Stark to know just how good it felt. All of his skin had taken on a faint, powder blue tone with darker patches slowly creeping in. There were odd lines threading through the whole of it, an underlying pattern emerging on the surface. Loki's lips parted, and he slowly smiled. "I almost hate for you to stop, but I rather like the thought of what you'll do next."
"Yeah," Darien agreed, blinking sleepily. Frankly he would just as soon have fallen asleep in the middle of the floor, but he needed to get himself cleaned up. Smelling like sex only sounded sexy. In truth it involved a lot of things sticking to things they shouldn't and a whole lot more grossness than he wanted to deal with. Darien tried to ignore the protesting twinge from his backside as he hauled himself up off of the floor with a groan and stumbled into the bathroom to turn on the hot water. "You were too. Good, I mean. Excellent. Hell, we both know that was hot as hell. If I was coherent enough to shut up right now, I would."
She chuckled and raised a hand to straighten Steve's hair with a quick flick of her fingers. "I don't get paid the big bucks because I'm awful at this." She winked at Steve and then gave Tony a long look as if assuring herself he was actually standing there. "You have meetings tomorrow. Lots of them. As many as I can actually schedule because you have no idea how much paperwork and how many board meetings I've been through in the past two days. No idea." When he opened his mouth to say something, she held up a finger. "Let me enjoy you being alive. Later, you get to speak."
"I hope so," Steve said with obvious relief. "I hope it's getting better. I hope they find something with that hammer." Natasha had been one of the first people to talk to him with no hint of condescension or strangeness. He was a coworker, he was part of the team, and she'd never taken apparent issue with it. He wanted her back, and he wanted it sooner rather than later. He'd seen the look from Clint and added quietly as they got into line, "I know what happened, but that's because I'm in charge of the team. It's not common knowledge, and it won't be. Period. It was a bad call, but that's all," Steve assured firmly. He passed Clint a tray. Despite all of Tony's protests, their cafeteria - staffed by four star chefs Tony had picked out himself - was actually good enough to put most restaurants to shame. "We've got big things to worry about, that isn't on the radar right now."
The metal fell to the ground without a second's hesitation. Other weapons could be found, and weapons weren't the only way to fight. If Clint got his throat torn out, that was a scenario they couldn't work around. "What do you want?" he asked flatly. Creed already knew that what he wanted most was for Clint to be safe, so there was no endgame in pretending otherwise. Phil kept his eyes on the mutant. If he paid too much attention to Clint or the blood trickling down his skin, then it would get even harder to pretend he felt anything close to calm. As it was, Coulson found himself really wishing he had Logan's claws and a chance in hell of beating Creed hand to hand just so that he could get a few hits in.
Bruce managed a good laugh at that one. "Not to mention, Tony's at least as likely to say something soul-crushingly hurtful," he pointed out. "And I have the feeling that even if Loki doesn't respect his brother, he won't want me to have to let the other guy explain exactly why he needs to sit still." Bruce hated using the Hulk - //Being the Hulk...?// He wasn't sure how to put it. - with every fiber of his being. That didn't mean he didn't sometimes get a kick out of scaring the hell out of deserving individuals with the threat. Loki was definitely one of those he wasn't above terrorizing.
The words had their intended effect, and Thor kept shame-filled eyes trained down the hallway. "I care for you, brother, no matter how much you despise me," he finally replied, his voice low. Sif was hanging back, and Thor briefly wondered if it was coincidence or she was deliberately trying to give them privacy. "I do not wish to see you dead." He finally gathered the nerve to look at Loki, trying not to flinch at the anger and resentment that stared back at him. "No matter what evil you inflict on others, I cannot seem to find it in my heart to hate you."
SHIELD had already gotten an evacuation order put in through Homeland Security, and there initially appeared to be no one there as they entered. "Okay, Loki. We know you and your army of freaks are here. You can come out."
Logan opened his mouth to answer, then just nodded. "I'm sorry," he said, looking at both Bruce and Nat. "I didn't know 'im that well, but..." Trailing off, he clenched his jaw and shook his head, taking Scott's hand and heading back to his room. It always seemed like it should get easier, losing a team member. It never did.
Steve knew that his lover was right, but it felt too good. Just Tony's fingers prying him open was enough to leave Steve gasping, and he wanted more. He wanted to feel Tony's cock sliding inside him and wrap his legs around his lover's hips. "Sorry. Not trying to rush. Just... you feel so good," he groaned. He could see Tony losing patience with being slow and careful too, and that was some comfort. At the very least, Steve felt satisfied that Tony wouldn't tease any longer than he had to. "Promise I'll try to wait. Maybe if you started kissing me again, it would be distracting."
Logan nodded. "I'll be there for ya, however you go about it," he promised. With a faint smile, he tugged Scott back under the water and started lathering the man up. "But as long as we're in here, we oughta get a little cleaner, hm?" It was really just a damn good excuse to run his hands all over his lover.
Logan grinned at Scott. "In a hurry to get me out there?" he asked, squeezing his lover's shoulders. "Make sure you're drunk enough to not notice that I dance like a white guy."
Bruce had to give the two credit. Especially Simmons. Still sitting behind Tony, he caught her eye and gave her a thumbs-up. Tony was an asshole, but he rarely attacked anyone once they stood up to him firmly. Then again, the billionaire was pretty good at hurting feelings when he felt compelled to do so. "We were thinking we could-"
They passed the rest of the day in a surprisingly comfortable succession of beer and bad TV and companionable silence. As the hour drew late, Scott ventured, “Can I stay with you tonight? Just sleep. Scout's honor."
"Hey! Yeah, puny god. Got it." Logan carefully put himself between Nat and Hulk. Considering what he'd seen Banner do earlier, he was pretty sure he had a lot better odds if Big Green decided he needed a pat on the back. "But you're not comin' back with us like that. We gotta go get our buddies, alright?"
Bruce shook his head. Tony wasn't really in the conversation, just thinking aloud. It scared him to think that Tony was designing the gun for his own use. He had to reassure himself that Logan would be willing to use it and that it would actually work.
Waking up hurt. It wasn't like the usual sore stiffness that came with the morning after a mission. It was like waking up underwater, like trying to breathe with a clamp around his chest. The air smelled odd, tasted strange. Steve couldn't force his eyes open at all at first. He felt something warm against his side and finally managed to pry his eyelids open to see Tony lying next to him, his shoulders shaking with sobs. Steve tried to say the man's name but couldn't find his voice. He managed to twitch his fingers in the man's grip.
"Italian it is," Coulson agreed. He began gathering things from the cabinet with his usual efficiency. The whole kitchen was organized like something out of a show room with everything properly labeled and stored. "I've never been able to understand living on your own and not being able to cook." The words were conversational rather than judgmental as Coulson went through the task of preparing a sauce on one burner and boiling water on another with practiced ease. "You're welcome to come by sometimes, you know, get some actual food."
Scott looked up at Logan at last and swallowed hard before admitting, "It didn't take long once we got to the first checkpoint. They did an exam. They did it with everyone to check out the merchandise, find out what kind of shape we were in. It was horrible and humiliating, but... but apparently being a virgin - so to speak anyway - is worth something." It hadn't made things good, but Scott knew he had survived without a lot of the "testing" that many of the others had gone through. They wanted to get the biggest bang for their buck. "When no one came after a week... two weeks... I just... I didn't think anyone would."
The woman appeared at his side so silently that Steve started when Natasha spoke. “Tony’s awake. He’d like to see you.” He was on his feet and at the door before she added, “Be gentle with him.”
Victor was beautiful much in the same way as Thor: tight and muscular, but with a darker edge. That edge was the part that made him tolerable and even a bit fascinating. Loki bared his throat, giving Victor the access he desired. His own blunt nails raked over the man's neck. "You heal quickly, yes? I tend to bite."
“Guard. He means under guard. And bars. Possibly restraints,” Bucky clarified with a smile that showed he didn’t much mind. “I think it’s probably best too. I feel like me, but that doesn’t necessarily mean I am.”
Logan, beer bottle still in hand, pointed at Scott. "One condition." He waited until Scott was listening. "I'm not pickin' out any curtains with you. Nothin' against you, but I am not dealin' with some interior design creep tellin' me I'm a winter." He smirked. "Otherwise, I'd be happy to." It was fun relaxing with his lover in spite of the occasional disapproving look he got from members of the crowd. They all had the sense to leave it at glares, and while Logan would have loved to straighten those guys out, he was pretty sure that Scott could do with less stress rather than more.
It was a satisfying sight to see Creed bleeding out on the floor, but Logan was right - it would take more to kill him, and they were supposed to be the good guys. Coulson snapped on some cuffs and let Natasha do the same with the man's ankles. It wouldn't stop him entirely, but it would make any major bouts of resistance uncomfortable at best. He flashed Natasha a quick smile. "I'll make sure you get ten minutes in a room alone with him."
No sooner had Steve gotten Tony tucked into his own bed than his phone chimed. He brought it up and felt his knees practically buckle with sudden relief. "Natasha's back. Clint came back and she was in his bed. No word on her status yet." If she'd been okay, she wouldn't have been in bed, she would have probably been in the briefing room sketching out ways she intended to kill Loki for keeping her locked up. Steve tried to focus on the good part of their good news. "If you're up to it, maybe we can grab a wheelchair and go and see her when they're sure she's doing okay."
Scott acquiesced without a moment's hesitation. Scott braced his hands flat on the bed and presented his bare ass to Clint's hungry gaze. "What are you waiting for?" Scott was achingly hard and needed Clint with a hunger that he didn't understand.
Steve wanted to say a lot of things in that moment. He wanted to throw around words like "love," but he knew it was too soon. When he did do that, he wanted Tony to be stone cold sober - as much as normal, at least - and not hyped up on heavy medication. There would be other days. Better times. He hoped there would be anyway. Steve smiled just the same. "Pretty soon you're going to be used to this. I'll be talking you out to fancy dinners, flowers... we'll be going out dancing."
Steve felt immediately more at ease when he arrived at Coulson’s suite and saw that Clint was present as well. "I think Logan would like to talk to you."
Loki smiled broadly up at the man before tilting his head and running his tongue along the side of Victor's cock, watching it jerk and fill with blood. It was strange how giving up power when it came to sex could feel so empowering. With a look, a touch, a flick of his tongue, Loki controlled every bit of pleasure the muscular man felt. "Don't be afraid to take what you want. If I don't want it too, I'll stop you." He chuckled. "But if it keeps going this well, I don't think we'll have any problems. Do you?" Not waiting for an answer, Loki parted his lips and took the head of Victor's cock into his mouth, hollowing his cheeks as he worked to suck the other man to full hardness.
Logan, tired from his mission, was only able to stay tensely, awkwardly awake for a few minutes longer before passing out. He slept as easily as he ever did, though. Daylight streaming through the window woke him, and he slowly realized he was cuddled up closely to Scott. //Why do I keep wakin' up cuddled up to guys I wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole?// Moving slowly in hopes he wouldn't wake Scott, he carefully started to extract himself from the other man and roll away.
"Government and their deep pockets," Logan muttered, looking around at the opulent lobby. He didn't show it, but he felt notably out of place, and the rich dignitaries floating around sipping champagne and pretending to be civilized rubbed him entirely the wrong way. Thankfully, Steve and Tony moved fast enough to get them to their suite before Logan got eyeballed more than he'd like. //Guess flannel's not in style around here.//
Slipping in and out of consciousness like the tide receding from the shore, Tony nodded slowly as he fought to concentrate on Steve's voice. "Yeah, cameras everywhere," he replied. "Pepper can show you... how to access them. You can even... view the footage on... your laptop." In the distance he could barely make out the sound of a siren. Tony despised hospitals, but he knew there was no getting out of it. He'd very nearly been killed. He was hurt, and he wasn't sure of the extent of his injuries. If the pain was anything to go by, it was serious. "Hey, are... you gonna be alright... without me?" Tony playfully asked Steve. "Dunno how long... I'll be away from home."
This chapter is almost pure porn. Once the porn starts, it doesn't stop until the last few paragraphs, so if you don't want the porn (this is filthy, guys. sex with multiple partners in the back room of a biker bar filthy.), you can skim over those parts or just skip this chapter. Plot will return soon, honest.
Natasha accepted the offer with a soft smile and curled up next to Clint. It was, in some ways, more intimate than their usual nights. More often than not she left before morning, sometimes even before that. It kept things from getting complicated in a way she couldn't deal with. "You don't have to say it," she whispered, one hand flat on Clint's chest, "I know. Thank you."
"I hope so too," Steve agreed, posture still slightly stiff as he sat down. It felt like a continual effort to keep himself together. At least in the lab it was easier in a way. Only Jarvis was watching and listening, and if he ended up balled up in a corner sobbing, the AI wasn't going to think any worse of him as far as Steve could tell. He glanced up at the sound of footsteps to find another group joining them. Some of the weariness dropped from his expression at the sight of Clint and Phil. "Welcome back!"
An eager hand drifted down Steve's side to his knee, hooking the limb up a bit before sliding back up. Rough fingertips again slipped between the blonde's ass cheeks, one lightly grazing his entrance before pushing insistently inside. Logan placed a few more bites on Steve's throat and rumbled his pleasure as he anticipated what it would be like to finally be inside that perfectly tight heat. The feral mutant was beyond words, beyond much more than doing and feeling and exploring every inch of the powerful man beneath him.
Bucky visibly deflated. Just when he and Steve were talking - really talking - for the first time, they were interrupted as if on cue. “Yeah, okay,” he begrudgingly agreed. “I could probably use a little more shut-eye.” He sank down further into the bed, threading his fingers together and pillowing the back of his head. Glancing at Steve, he flashed an uncharacteristically bashful grin. “You’ll think about what I said, won’t you?” asked Bucky with a hint of hope. Now that it was out in the open, he wasn’t going to let it go,  and he didn’t want Steve to think all he was doing was joking around. Steve might end up shooting him down, but Bucky’s near-death experience - his last solid memory - had made him more fearless about taking chances.
"Not at the moment, no," Coulson agreed mildly. "Though it's nice to hear that you're willing to go that far for us. Director Fury will be pleased. I have good news and bad news. Since you get both, it doesn't matter which you hear first. The good news is that since you were only part of the crowd in the video that's making the rounds, your presence is not required for the press interviews that Captain Rogers and Mr. Stark will be participating in this morning. The bad news," he explained while holding out a text-light memo to Logan, "is that we've received word that the commander of your former team has been kidnapped. Very little intel right now as you can see. We don't know who or why, though we have some suspicions."
Tony moaned against Logan's mouth, writhing between the pair as the dual assault overwhelmed his senses. He drew away from Logan, panting as his eyes met Steve's. "Jesus... ‘s'amazing," he murmured, gasping softly when Logan nipped at his throat a little too hard, then moaning a second later.
"I don't think Fury even knew it existed, but if anyone can guess where it might be, it'd be him or Nat or Coulson. Guess even Loki wasn’t up to going another round with Coulson." He frowned, then handed another tablet to Steve. It was the one he'd offered Logan before. "I know that triggering flashbacks isn't exactly the nicest thing to do to someone, but I think you might need to go find Logan and hold him down until he reads all this. If we can remind him of his past, we might be able to get him to remember where that thing is." He gave Steve a weak grin, trying to cover up the fact that the idea of sending Steve to piss Logan off worried him not just a little. "I mean, worst case, we find out if you can handle getting stabbed with adamantium, right?"
"Ultimatums. Very unfair. You play a tough game, Cap." Tony's own pulse was definitely hammering in his veins, though, and ignoring the strong arms around him and the warm body pressed against his own was just too much to ask. "I think I'll take the tall drink I've already got," he decided, his arms wrapping around Steve's waist and pulling their bodies together as he closed the last little distance for a kiss. It was as good as he'd always imagined. Steve felt as strong and gentle as he had always seemed.
Phil watched Clint disappear with a frown. He would have preferred to go as well to take stock of Natasha's condition, but she needed to feel safe, and the doctors were trying to keep her from over-extending herself. He glanced over at Scott and Logan. "I won't apologize for him. We all know the situation here. I will say that if he's right and there is something you're keeping quiet about... trying to do that in a building full of spies and geniuses isn't a smart way to go. Coming clean's going to catch you a lot less hell than being forthright."
Normally Tony reserved his bouncing excitement for technological breakthroughs and the possibility of getting his hand on alien tech, so Steve wasn’t sure whether to be comforted or horrified at his sudden jittery pleasure. Still, he gave a shake of his head and drifted into the living room. It had taken him a few sessions with Natasha patiently explaining everything step by step, but Steve had finally made peace with the complicated web of tech that made up the entertainment unit. He navigated the menus with deliberate ease.
Loki didn't have time to turn fully before the blow caught him. It hit with crushing force, and the god crumpled to the floor, clutching his side. He found his feet quickly. Pain was becoming far more common than it had once been for him. Loki's eyes flashed with anger. "How DARE you use that hammer against its rightful owner!" He leveled his staff at Clint and channeled every bit of anger he felt into the power that fed it.
"Sushi? Or Thai. Either one." Tony paused, then gave Steve a pout. "Wait, you're planning to leave to get this 'food' of yours, aren't you?"
Even Fitz looked moved by the idea. "Maybe we shouldn't do the extra poking and prodding and giving him a hard time bit. Sounds like he might have that all on his own."
"Barton." Phil's voice sounded sharper than he'd intended, but he was barely keeping himself from calling Clint an idiot in front of a half dozen junior agents as it was. "My office. Now."
Clint didn't need to ask questions. Faster than the eye could follow, he had his bow in hand, deployed, and an acid-tipped arrow nocked and trained on Logan's chest. Clint knew it wouldn't kill the man, but he figured the acid might slow him down if it came to it. "Stand down, Logan," he growled, his gaze flicking to Steve, reassuring himself that the Cap had noticed and was ready to act.
It was a couple of hours before Logan calmed enough to feel he could talk to Scott again. He wasn't sure what to think of what had happened, but he wanted to give Scott the benefit of the doubt. He let himself into the man's suite, stalking back to Scott's bedroom. "You okay?" he asked, leaning against the door frame.
Coulson was momentarily thrown by the rather formal tone of the question, but he recovered as quickly as possible and tried to cover by getting mugs out for the coffee. He wondered when Clint had gotten a 'usual mug' at his place. "Probably. I'm sure they're working hard on it. I trust them." It was all more awkward than it should have been. It was all harder than it should have been. When it came to personal relationships, Coulson was a terrible liar, and he knew it. He suspected it was the demands of his day to day work that made it feel particularly slimy when it came to close quarters. "Look, if what happened tonight... if you'd rather we pretend it never happened, I can do that. You mean a lot to me, and if this is just too... I know how you feel about Natasha, and I've seen the guys you usually pick up... it's... I'm not going to let it get in the way of anything. If that's what you want." It wasn't pretty or clean or particularly coherent, but he felt better having said anything at all.
The question was so heart-achingly sweet it could only have been asked by Steve Rogers. It warmed him to know Steve had no intention of rushing things. Given the time Steve grew up in, it should not have been surprising. "There are so few gentlemen around these days," Tony commented, inching closer. "I think a kiss would be the perfect way to round out this perfect evening." More nervous than he cared to admit, Tony reached up and caressed Steve's flushed cheek with his fingers. Then, gently and tenderly, he leaned in a pressed a soft kiss to Steve's inviting mouth.
"As long as there ain't any more o' you gettin' in bed with me. That sounds like a bad tabloid article." He glanced at Steve. "This gig doesn't come with an ugly uniform, does it? Had all I can stand of creepy leather one pieces."
They walked in silence to Director Fury's office and found the man in an ill temper. "They're lying to us."
The mutant laughed, watching Clint shift on the ground, obviously trying to get back up. "I'd stay down, little man," he said, closing in on Phil as he spoke, pressing himself to the agent's back. "You should be awake for this." One hand slid up Coulson's chest, pulling him back against Victor as he breathed in the man's scent.
"Not sure I could last that long," Tony panted, "but I appreciate the optimism." He leaned up to nip at Steve's throat, then pressed his lips to stubbled skin. His fingers trailed between Steve's ass cheeks, one digit dipping a little deeper, brushing against Steve's tight pucker. Tony desperately wanted much, much more, but he knew better than to think that his stitches would hold up. The nurse, after a lot of pestering, had informed him he'd need at least a couple more days.
Natasha looked to Bruce. He was on the edge. She could see it in the tension of his shoulders and the way he held himself, as if he was afraid stepping the wrong way might wake the Other Guy up. "Be ready. If she can't zap him back to normal, we try the hitting him on the head thing. You're pretty much the only one who can do that without taking some bad hits themselves." Some of the assembled warriors made noises of protest, but Natasha simply arched an eyebrow at them. "One of you boys mind taking care of him?" she inquired, nodding toward Magneto. "We'll pick him up on the way home."
Coulson groaned and ran a hand over his face again. "I'm guessing there aren't a lot of bribes that would make you all quietly forget we've ever had this conversation?"
It was one of the moments when Steve hated being in charge because he wanted to pull Tony aside and talk to him on a far more personal level than would have been appropriate. "If you're not sure you're going to be okay, I need to know now. Things were too close as it was the last time around. I can't have anyone playing at half speed and using this as a test run."
Clint nodded, taking a deep breath to get hold of himself. He hadn't missed Phil's convulsive swallowing. "Just for the record," he said quietly, tilting his head to make sure Coulson looked at him, "if you ever need to cry, you can. I mean, I'm clumsy and terrible at handling that sort of thing, but... I'll do my best." He smirked faintly. "One of the probie handlers you sent me out with ended up crying on me about his grandma, and I think that's about as awkward as humanly possible. And I still didn't throw him out of the sniper nest." He paused. "If I ever do see Ward cry again, I might just run away. But if it's you, I'll stick around."|
"I'll see your funnel cake and raise you deep fried Snickers," Coulson answered. His stomach rumbled in apparent agreement with either idea, and he smiled ruefully. "Damn it, we might have to move. Apparently food is actually the primary motivating factor in my universe, not, y'know, actually saving the universe. Go figure." He continued to stroke his hands over Clint as if he was in no particular hurry anyway. "Maybe a nice, cold, overpriced beer to go with it?" It sounded like the perfect fair experience, and Phil was pretty sure they'd sweat off most of the calories they took in anyway.
Clint caught himself watching the interaction a little too closely and forced himself to look away. //Well, there's some wank fodder,// he reflected. It wasn't news that the two were together, of course, but getting to witness it first hand was a little more visceral. He wondered absently if they'd be interested in letting him play but dismissed it when he saw how they were looking at each other. Instead, he cleared his throat and held up his wrists. "Uh, if you guys are done, I think I'd like to go somewhere I don't have to be treated like a prisoner. Lunch. Lunch would be good."
Bruce nodded, taking another bite of the muffin. "Really is good, y'know," he muttered, trying to focus on enjoying the present moment. Things were going to turn ugly soon enough. "We did do the best we could with what we knew, I suppose." He gave Jemma's hand another squeeze and a genuine smile. "Thank you. For not letting me kick myself too much, I mean."
Steve licked his way into Tony's mouth and savored the rich taste of him, the bitterness of the cum and the traces of his coffee from breakfast. Steve was barely breathing by the time their lips parted again, and he didn't care. "Not sure I want to get up from the floor again," he confessed, pulling Tony half into his lap instead. "In fact, I know I don't want to. This feels too good."
Logan waved the apology away. "Not sure I'd've wanted to go if you'd asked," he said. He hadn't exactly left on good terms. There'd definitely been a few 'you can't run from your past' lectures. A few pitiful looks from Rogue and Jean. A very pointedly angry look from Storm. That painfully disappointed stare from the Professor. "Yeah, not sure I'd be gettin' hugs and tears o' joy from everyone. But I'm glad you talked to 'em. And that they're doin' alright. Thanks."
"Okay," Scott answered. He knew it wasn't, but he understood precisely what Logan meant. What they were going through was a million miles from okay. "At least we're not okay together." He grabbed one of Logan's hands and kissed the palm of it. "I'm here, I'm real, and you're here and real and breathing. We've got a lot going for us on the grand scale considering what's going on with some of our friends. It's the only thing I really need right now." As much as he'd toyed with the idea of moving on and finding his own life apart from being a hero, Scott was coming to realize it was too deeply under his skin. It was what they did. He might not be ready for steady field duty yet, but Scott knew he couldn't walk away from it, especially with the Avengers in dire need of warm bodies.
Natasha broke the stalemate with a curt, "Clint, get him loaded up in back. Steve, if you could help me with Tony?"
"Hey, ugly! Care to dance?" Steve snapped at the man still trying to open Iron Man like a can of soup. The shield flew again, but Steve followed close on its heels, grabbing the metal disc and then plowing it and his own not inconsiderable bodyweight into the attacker.
Steve whimpered at the words and the harshness of Tony's voice. It was something he couldn't have enjoyed with anyone he cared for less, but he loved Tony. He implicitly trusted the man not only with his body but with his heart. A little rough sex didn't seem all that daring considering the things he would have let Tony to do him without missing a beat. "Fuck, Tony, you feel so big, so... so hard..." Steve was holding on by a thread already, and they'd just started. He took a few breaths to bring himself down. "K-keep it slow for me, baby, please. Need it to last."
Bruce turned his attention to the Lady Frigga almost immediately, his brow creased. "Are you alright?"
Bruce picked up the prototype and made sure Fitz-Simmons were out the door before giving Tony a pointed look and stepping out as well.
Clint lifted his head, soulful blue eyes rising to search Phil's face. "I had no idea," he said quietly. If Nat had known, she hadn't said anything, and Clint doubted that she would have known something that major and not told him. "I'm sorry. I mean, I know that's... not much, but... I am." He was quiet a moment, then sat up more and put his arm around the other man's shoulders. "Did you tell anybody?" That was a big burden to bear, and even bigger if Phil hadn't told anyone. Clint didn't know or care if his parents were alive or dead, but he knew that that was something major for most people.
"I'm sure we'll find something to make this work more safely," Simmons assured the group in general as if they weren't all working on the same problem. "We just have to keep looking. With all of the tech we have at our disposal between the Stark archives and SHIELD... well, if anyone can find the answer, we can."
Clint smiled, giving Nat a light nudge and a grin. Maybe she wasn't going to declare undying love, but when they had time and alcohol, Clint usually found himself tangled up with her before the dawn came. Refocusing on the rest of the group, Clint smiled. "Then meet in the garage at five? Nat and I pick the place. You two," he looked to Scott and Logan, "are still new around here, and I'm not going to an old guy bar," he said with a grin for Phil to let him know it was a joke.
"Speaking of which, I'd like to keep things professional at the office. Stark can get away with playing fast and loose with HR guidelines, but I do have a reputation. It may not be flashy, but it's mine." Phil couldn't help but smile as he reached out to run his fingers over Clint's arm. The casual contact was thrilling. That he could have it almost whenever he wanted was even more thrilling. "Besides that, I've never had to send someone off to possibly get killed when I had feelings for them or at least… well, you know what I mean." His throat tightened at the thought. "If you kiss me before you walk out the door, I might not let you walk out the door."
"Look, we're all pretty pissed. Bottom line is, your brother's back on Earth tearin' the place apart for what looks like that mallet's evil twin. And, y'know, tyin' up old vendettas while he's at it."
Scott let out a sigh of bliss and nodded. "Yes. Please? Yes. Something calming and stupid." He was the first to admit that there were times when he could be a real sucker for in depth period dramas and rambling documentaries. They were engrossing. The last thing Scott wanted for the moment was to be sucked in. He wanted to be transported. "Like, seriously, Disney? Pixar? Fluff. Raid Clint's stuff. Coulson mentioned him having a fetish for Pixar."
It was more than enough. Deadly force. Pain. Broken bones. The Hulk didn't need any more excuses. Banner curled up with a roar of anger and pain, and then what had been Bruce Banner a moment ago stood, looming over Creed, clearly blaming the relatively tiny mutant for his discomfort.
"It's no fun if you don't drink with me, though," Tony argued even as he flopped over the couch. "No need for fold-out. Too much effort." He turned on his side to face the back of the couch, then held up a hand. "Tuck me in?"
"Well, she managed to outwit him once before," Tony pointed out, trying to reassure Steve. He could read the doubt in the man's eyes as easily as if Steve had hung a sign around his neck. Something he'd read in Logan's file made Tony frown. The drugs made it a little hard to be sure of the detail that was bugging him, but one thing stood out to him, "Why do you think Loki would release one and not the other? Or even release Logan at all? He doesn't do things just to be nice. Logan hasn't stabbed anyone in the face since he got back, has he?"
Steve laughed in surprise at the rather apt description. "That's... yeah, buddy, that's one way of putting it. I'm on the road to recovery thanks to Dr. Simmons. Should be back to normal in another few days. And..." He took a breath and started again, "And Tony left me a suit. I'm not great at it yet, but I should be able to fight enough to make a difference and at least put out some crowd control with Jarvis helping me."
Steve turned at that, his gaze narrowed and jaw set. He took a step in, not backing down for a second even if only the armor gave him the height needed to look Clint in the eye for the time being. "It is, and if you get too close right now, you're not going to need Loki's help," Steve warned in a tone so calm and even that it was slightly terrifying.
Clint paused, falling a little behind Coulson as the man moved towards the door. Back out in the open air and relative quiet, he tilted his head at his handler. He had a feeling of what the other man had been about to ask, and he couldn't help be feel surprised. //Is he...? Surely not.// Coulson was, what? Fifteen years older? The agent liked philharmonics and science fiction and wearing ties. Clint liked drinking beer and playing video games and shooting dangerous animals. The archer still wasn't sure why the hell Nat had pushed him toward his handler in the first place. //Still...// "If I wanted to what?" he pressed. Clint didn't play guessing games. It could get you killed in the field, and wasn't much more useful in real life.
"Any chance I can get a hand with this?" Darien gave his dripping cock a few slow strokes. "Or do you like to watch?" He didn't really mind dealing with the problem himself, but being touched by Clint certainly sounded more fun.
"Everything," Steve agreed with a sigh, "but after I shower? I smell like burnt hair. That's apparently the downside of mutant allies covered in fur." He plucked a stray strand of blue off his uniform. With Tony staring at him like he was on the menu for dinner, Steve couldn't resist crossing over to the bed and kissing him softly. "I promise, I'm joining you after I get clean. I might not even bother to put anything on... if you stop it with the coffee."
"Love you too," Steve answered with a lot more of his usual certainty. That was one thing he knew. He knew how badly he wanted everything to work with Tony. Even if it meant stretching up to kiss him and drowning in the man's shirts instead of things being the other way around. Steve breathed in the scent of the other man and then broke away to help Tony clean up from breakfast. "Okay. Meeting. We can do this, right? I can do this." The last of the dishes went into the washer, and Steve grabbed Tony's collar and gave an annoyingly ineffectual tug that still brought him in close because apparently Tony still wanted to be close, and he thanked god for that. "I don't think I believe me. Tell me I can do this."
"Captain Rogers, it's good to see you awake." The man took in Steve's suddenly erratic vitals and frowned. "You need to breathe slowly. It's been awhile since you had to worry about it, but you're stuck in a hell of a bronchial spasm right now. We're going to keep you on the oxygen until it relaxes, and we've given you a steroid that should help too."
Tony knew he looked exactly how he felt: like hell. And he couldn't even bring himself to be bothered about it. "I don't know, it's been a while," he answered in a monotone. Turning away, Tony returned to the work bench and tried to lose himself in the project again.  He hoped Steve would take the hint and see he didn't want company. It was incredibly difficult being in Steve's presence. It was constant reminder of how his reckless attraction for the other man had led to him being humiliated and violated in the worst way possible, and it made Tony want to scurry toward the nearest available whiskey bottle.
A shuddering breath passed through Scott's lungs as he fought against the urge to cry. Logan had been thinking of him right up to the end, and that was beautiful and awful in a strange way. He pressed a kiss softly against Logan's bare chest and sighed out to release the terror. "We protected each other. It's only fair to take turns." No one had gotten close in the end as he stood watch over Logan's body, waiting impatiently for the first breath. "Oh, hey, we... we have a few of them. The Brotherhood. Not everyone got away. Quicksilver and Mystique are in holding cells. Natasha wasn't exactly happy once she realized Clint and Coulson were gone. She more or less brought them in by herself."
Clint tensed at the question. "That's..." His eyes slid to Nat. He'd been expected to kill her. He'd disobeyed orders, risked being put down himself. And his own recruitment hadn't been much smoother. You didn't often take SHIELD agents hostage and get pulled into the organization. You usually just got put down like a rabid dog. "That's actually surprisingly personal."
"Of course, Sir. Right away." She glanced at Bruce, eyebrows slightly raised, then hurried over with a smile that looked patently fake. "Agent Barton, do you think you could sit down for me? I'd just like to make sure that everything is as it should be." She barely noticed Loki getting up and drifting in closer to them.
"Well, that's fair," Tony admitted, settling against his lover once again. "Back seat of the car was good, though, right?" he asked, running a hand down Steve's chest. "Not sure about how I feel about Romanov and Barton being there, though. If it's just them, they might wanna join in. Barton, at least." When Steve gave him a look, the billionaire shrugged. "He’s flexible. If you get my drift."
It was a practical solution even if the pair set her teeth on edge, and Romanov gave a nod then proceeded to more or less ignore them as they extracted the gun and scurried back down the hallway.
"Yeah," Clint agreed, tensing and grunting as he heard the muffled "whump!" of an explosion outside the door and a few pieces of ceiling rained down around them. Hulk accidentally arming a nuclear warhead wouldn’t help their situation. He kept rummaging, now with far less concern as to whether a few doodads ended up on the floor. Another explosion, sounding closer, rattled the shelves, and Clint grunted as a jar bounced off the back of his head, knocking him to the floor. With a groan, he pushed himself up on hands and knees, then froze as he noticed a disconcerting glint at the back of the shelf he was now peering at. "Coulson, I think we found it." He started to reach for it, then hesitated as he felt the hairs on his forearm stand on end. "Seems kinda weird," he muttered, finally forcing himself to grab the handle of the hammer and drag it off the shelf. For its size, the weapon felt bizarrely light in his hand.
Remembering that he'd distantly registered his phone going off earlier, Clint dug it out of his hip pocket as he pushed himself up off the floor. He did his best not to frown at the contents of the message. Nat was off with someone else tonight. The implications of the message sank in further, and Clint couldn't help his eyebrows raising a little in surprise. If the SUV was gone, that meant that Logan and Scott were likely with her. Clint wavered between being astonished at the idea of her talking those two into playing, not blaming her for taking the opportunity, and being a little annoyed because he was fairly sure she'd intentionally left him with Phil based on their discussion the night before. //Nat the matchmaker. Dammit.//
"I'm starting to feel like I don't care much if they do." The day spent by himself trying to navigate the person he thought he'd left behind had been frustrating at best. "Did you guys make any headway?" Steve couldn't imagine them letting Tony go without at least some progress under their belt.
Hawkeye couldn't help but feel nervous in the presence of the two mutants. Unlike Coulson, he knew very little about them, but he knew that they were powerful. "You could help us understand why he'd work with Loki." Clint shrugged as all eyes fell on him. "Loki wants to enslave humans, and I don't think he sees much different between my kind of human and your kind of human."
"Nah, staying here." Scott held out for all of two seconds before he launched himself onto the bed and crawled up to kiss Logan again. He made a firm decision not to be shy and let his hand slide down to get a firm hold of the bulge fairly screaming for attention. It suddenly wasn't difficult for him to understand Jean's fascination. "This is... promising..." He grinned and gave a squeeze before moving his hand to the hem of Logan's shirt. "Off."
Logan shifted, grinding his cock against Steve's perfect ass as his fingers dove down the front of the man's boxers, wrapping around the more than impressive length inside. The feral mutant groaned his appreciation, his teeth and tongue working at Steve's ear and neck as he stroked the weeping shaft.
"Thank you, Agent Romanov, for making that call on my behalf," Fury bit out before turning his gaze back to Steve. "But I think she's right. You've paid a hell of a price already. I'm not letting you off on good intentions, because that's the sort of shit that gets people killed, but you've saved three teammates in the process of being an idiot-"
"He should have been," Steve agreed. By the end of it, he hadn't responded anymore. He'd just glared and thought about throwing Clint out the nearest window. Thankfully for Clint, he also happened to like the archer when he wasn't being insufferable. Also, he hadn't wanted to deal with Natasha's judging looks if he happened to put the man in the hospital. "You get off easier. You're pretty."
Steve tipped his head back and simply enjoyed. It registered a moment later that things were going way too far way too fast considering they were standing in a crowd. Reluctantly he put a hand against Tony's cheek and murmured, "We should slow things down until we get home." Once they were somewhere a little more private, all bets were off. They'd apparently both been dancing around the issue of desire for awhile, and now that all their cards were on the table, there didn't seem much point in holding back anymore. He pulled back and slid a hand down to find Tony's, eyes silently questioning whether that was okay.
But what really impresses Steve is what’s in the middle of the square, because it’s not a fountain, it’s not many fountains, or a well, or anything of the sort.
blue. Of all things, Steve can’t believe that what had faded from his memory was just how deep the blue of Tony’s eyes is. Only reality can do it justice.
“Maybe you’re right. Part of me thinks that if it ended with Bucky safe, then... But he’s not safe. I didn’t really help him.”
“Fuck, fuck!” Tony shouts when Steve has swallowed him to the hilt, biting his hand so he doesn’t come the second Steve starts bobbing his head
“Hey, sweetheart,” he tries, and goddammit, he needs to stop slipping like this, “Tony. Why don’t you open the door, uh? Let me—” in? Hold you? Love you? “—help you.”
“Because I hope we can fix this. Us. I regret what I did to you. I might’ve had my reasons, but it was wrong.”
“I’d listen to these songs, all my life, and they’d remind me of someone I met, something that happened to me, a moment of my life. But they weren’t written for me. Someone wrote them in response to someone or something in
He can’t accept it. He’s spent so much time wishing it were true, trying to come to terms with the exact opposite, that now it’s just—
Steve is very still for endlessly long seconds, paralyzed by stunned disbelief. “You’re not gonna do this, Tony.”
Steve growls again and then whines, still pressing Tony against the floor, keeping him still, grinding his hips against Tony’s ass now and then, but nothing more.
He takes a few deep breaths. His heart is racing, but in a good way. He looks at Steve’s cock—big, hard, red. It’s beautiful. Tony stares at the skin at the base that’s gonna fill up soon and form a knot and lock Steve inside his mouth, and he thinks that he must be crazy to want something like this. Maybe he is. Crazy with how much he loves Steve, with how much he wants to please him.
Nah, he’s just fooling himself. Alpha/Omega dynamics are still so often like that at their core, even though masked under the veil of good social norms, tradition, duty, biology. Otherwise, Tony wouldn’t have had to build a web of Omega shelters across the world, to allow unmated Omegas to go through their heats without Alphas breaking into their homes and—
He imagines Steve press his other hand against Tony’s mouth, push two fingers past his lips. He’d let him. Tony would feel their weight on his tongue, their taste, the scent of Steve’s skin.
Steve does care, and he does worry. It just happens to be more about Tony’s well-being than his libido.
“Yes,” Tony says. He doesn’t need to think about it. Of course Steve can see Maria. “Follow me.” He leads Steve in the bedroom. “She just fell asleep.”
They set off on foot, following the trail that leads to the church. The meadow surrounding it is green and yellow; the soft breeze plays with the grass and makes it move in waves, like the sea. Steve wishes he could touch it, let it tickle the palm of his hand.
So. Tony let Steve fuck him while he was sleeping. And Steve kind of lost it at some point, but it was fine in the end. Tony was happy. Steve was happy.
They’ll need to get used to this, Steve thinks, almost distractedly. The long preparation, the careful attention. Steve can’t be rough, not anymore. Unless Tony finds a way to go back to his original size. But now that Steve stops to consider the possibility, he’s not that sure he wants Tony to do it.
“I was... it was fine. I have emergency protocols. I was there for barely an hour. I was at the, uh... I was home in no time.”
Alpha’s orders (if only, if only), and he uses them to fill the heavy negative space at the center of his mind, that black hole of desperation and rejection that Steve, beautiful and tender with his pink cheeks and his broad chest, will never, ever, choose to fill up himself, leaving Tony condemned to the compound growth of his own lovesickness.
And all the rest—the nature of the information, what he and Sam were trying to do with it—also feels like trying to justify the unjustifiable, because the hard truth is that Steve should’ve told Tony, but couldn’t bring himself to do it.
He’s still walking in the big space he reached the last time. He moves around in the darkness and the place changes, transforms before his eyes to become the first cave, the one he was in at the beginning of this strange adventure.
He drives in a daze, though. He’s terrified, shoots worried glances at Tony as often as he can, to check how he’s doing, but Tony’s sleeping, and this time that’s for the best.
“Whatever you need,” Steve whispers, pressing the words into Tony’s skin like a secret, “I’m here for you, too. Whatever you need, I—”
“So perfect that you went into heat because I needed you to be.” Steve’s voice is like honey filling Tony up, the sweetest thing.
“I don’t really think I owe you an explanation, but for the record, he’s just a friend. A dear friend. Which I was still allowed to have without your permission last time I checked.”
Tony searches Steve’s body next to him on the couch. He folds to the side, against Steve, head bowed down. He hits Steve’s chest with his temple, his cheek, and Steve’s arms are around him, Steve’s nose in his neck, breathing him in to come down from the rush.
“Let’s try and get some sleep, okay?” Steve says, and Tony looks into his eyes again, caresses his face, and nods.
Tony’s silk boxers make him look almost more exposed than he’d be if he were naked, to Steve’s eyes—still prim in some ways. How sharp and taut all his muscles seem under the perennial light of the reactor. How much Steve wishes Tony would let him slide a hand under the soft silk to free him of all his worries, of that awful tension lodged between his shoulder blades. He’d press a hand over Tony’s mouth to keep his screams from being too loud, and he’d use his knee to stroke Tony’s balls through his orgasm. And Tony would look at him afterwards, and let out a sated sigh through his smiling lips, and Steve would kiss him, and Tony would love him back.
“Really, though, Tony. You shouldn’t try to wake me up when I’m having a nightmare. Or at least don’t come too close. It’s dangerous. Maybe it’s safer if we don’t sleep together. I’ll take the couch—”
But there’s no time to think about that, because Tony turns to look at him, and says, “There’s only one room.”
Tony looks at him, shakes his head. “It was HYDRA. Zemo. Ross. Lots of players in that game. But... you should’ve told me. You should have.”
“I know that, James, but I don’t think it would ease the rut in any case. This isn’t about sex. It’s about the bond.”
It’s Tony that eats at his soul in the dead of night; it’s Tony he thinks about when he’s restless and the heat between his thighs just won’t go away. It’s thoughts of Tony that erode him, consume him bit by bit like millennia of rain have done to the mountains.
Tony kisses him again and pats his chest. “Let’s eat something, alright? That’ll make things better,” Tony says, and Steve doesn’t reply, but he nods and lets Tony get up from the bed.
They walk in silence for a while, and Tony starts feeling better. It’s still too hot for his liking, and he wishes he didn’t have to wear two layers and sweat so much, but he doesn’t smell bad (thanks, Tom Ford) and he remembers a couple of shortcuts to avoid a few uphill alleys. At least there are no more stairs.
“I’m glad you’re okay. I watched the news and… sometimes, I worry.” He clutches Tony’s hand, and Tony squeezes back. Steve’s heart does something awful in his chest.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, taking a step away. “Do you want to shower? You can use the bathroom.” Tony watches Steve open a drawer, search in it. “I might even have some of your old cl—”
Tony lets out a sob before he can do anything to stop it, and then he just lies there, horrified with himself. What if Steve thinks—
Tony fakes a cough to put an end to the conversation, and places a plate of spaghetti in front of Steve. It smells amazing.
It’s an offer. Tony recognizes it as such as soon as it comes out of Steve’s mouth. It’s a hand, extended towards him.
Steve’s scent is so strong, so harsh and perfect, that Tony’s eyes sting for a moment. The acid pang at the back of the smell speaks of all their unhealed wounds, but the main overtones, oh.
It’s already a little different. It’s faint, nothing overtly obvious, but Steve already smells sweeter, already some of the
“All the time,” Steve says, covering Tony’s hand with his own. Tony turns his palm up, and stares at their fingers laced together, eyes wistful and unfocused.
Steve bites his shoulder and fucks him harder, fucks him faster, fucks him up, and then Tony knows what that means and his mind just goes
He knows it’s cruel, and by the time he starts to reconsider, Steve places the scrap of paper on Tony’s thigh, careful not to touch him.
Tony could almost feel Steve’s frown through the cell as he lifted it back to his ear and heard Steve’s confused voice.
“Awesome,” Steve said. He smiled at Peter, loving the warm weight against his cold chest. “Best seat in the house, there. Happy to stay?”
“Exactly.” Nurse Rogers smiled, blue eyes shining. She clapped her hands together then and turned to grab a thick envelope, which she thrust towards Tony. “Right, my love, I’m sure you can read, but I just need to reiterate what the pamphlets say. No smoking, no drinking. Don’t paint your own nursery and stay away from strong fumes. You’re allowed 200mg of caffeine a day from now on – it’s up to you how you take it. No raw foods, please, and no hot tubs. There are more details in the pack, but I think those are the main things.”
“Now, now, children,” Steve said with a fond twist to his words as he appeared in the doorway to the living room, wonky reindeer ears atop his head and a big smile at his lips. “We have important matters to attend to, apparently.”
Peter rolled his eyes as he turned to flick through his other computers, pausing for a moment to check the tension on Clint’s bow. It was looking like it might be a good idea for Peter to pull it in after the battle and check its performance.
Tony let out a deep breath as he looked at the tree. Though the sort of tree Peter chose each year varied, their decorations had never changed too much. There was the star that Steve and Peter had made together on their very first Christmas as a family, the bauble with their wedding date engraved on the front, the reindeer holding a plaque with Peter’s name on it, and the handmade glass ornaments that May had brought back from her holiday to Egypt.
But, the sound system had quickly been hooked up to play a playlist of Christmas classics that Tony found he knew most of the words to and the heating was blasting enough to keep them all warm. The most wonderful thing about it all was that Peter’s smile hadn’t dropped for a single minute as he bounced around like a damn bunny to throw tinsel on every flat surface and thrust hand drawn pictures of owls under Tony and Steve’s noses.
Tony snorted. “Gone are the days of drinking booze at Christmas and getting a roaring hangover to wake up to on Boxing Day, hey?”
“No.” Sarah sniffed loudly and spun to face her desk. “I don’t know if he ever will, either. Tony wasn’t sure.”
“Which is why it’s so good for me to see him warm up to someone. You were great with him. Thank you.”
“No.” Tony didn’t turn around, hand already on the door handle. “This was a bad idea. Anything else we say will be on record and with a lawyer present.”
Tony had never said that before. There had never even been a time that Tony had gotten close to saying that to Steve. As much as Steve had dreamt about it happening, had had to physically bite his own tongue to stop the words from spilling out, Tony had never given any hints that the same thing had been happening to him. Love hadn’t been part of their arrangement.
Captain America – had something going between them. It was obvious. It was there in every touch between them, in every glance that lingered just a little too long.
There was a sigh and Peter waited with baited breath as he fired a couple of codes down to Clint and Natasha and watched them perform a sharp turn to find the new destination. Hopefully they would locate the source quickly and they could all move on to more pressing matters; namely getting Steve and Tony to stop being so goddamn oblivious.
“Don’t,” Tony waved his hand again, face twisted into a causal brush off. “It’s fine. I’ve got Peter and you’ve got – no, look, it’s not a problem. I can’t be mad. Though,” he pointed at Steve and blew out a breath, “you’ve got
“A star?” Tony let go of Peter’s hand and placed his bag on the floor before he grabbed an unsuspecting Peter under the armpits and threw him onto his shoulders. “What do I need a star for? You’re tiny – you can fit on my tree!”
That mantra started to lose its effect when someone had dropped a cup of piping-hot hot chocolate down his leg and had gotten even weaker when a literal fight had broken out over a Christmas tree that hadn’t even been one of the more popular varieties.
“Happy birthday,” Tony murmured as he fell back against Steve’s chest. “Wasn’t expecting you up just yet. Thought I tired you out last night.”
It should have made Steve feel sorry for him, should have evoked sympathy for Tony’s clear pain. It probably should have made relief flow through Steve at his husband finally being awake and talking to him.
Tony lifted his gaze from the two jars of dried herbs he’d been choosing between. Neither were particularly appealing so he was glad of a distraction. “I thought you were sleeping.”
There was a moment of silence before Ana dropped her head down onto Tony’s shoulder and pressed a light kiss to his thick blazer. “He spoke of you, you know. Right at the very end. Told me to take care of you, told me that he lo–”
“We’ll see,” Steve said, a warm smile blossoming when Peter turned to look at him hopefully. “You could start a new tradition together, yeah? Tree shopping every Christmas Eve. Or, well, maybe not Christmas Eve. Then you’ll be left with a rubbish one each year. Maybe go a little earlier.”
Peter pointed at Tony in warning, knowing that the cameras went both ways and that Tony had an eye on him always.
“Can’t what?” Tony placed the panties near his pocket again, Steve’s gaze still drawn to them like a moth to a flame. “I can, darling. They’re perfect. Let me just fold them back up and we can go–”
Tony winced minutely. Shit. He hadn’t even thought of that. Clint tended to fancy himself as somewhat of a photographer when he got wasted and tried to record everything their group ever did. Tony would have to cut that off pretty quickly and hope that any evidence hadn’t found its way onto social media already.
“Listen, Steve,” Tony sat up and ran his hand through his hair, cursing his friend and his tired mind and the way that he seemed to be feeling something other than annoyance towards the asshole who had apparently made his friend uncomfortable. “You’re already miles ahead of the others by even saying sorry. I’m sure that–,” his phone buzzed in his hand before he could finish his thought and he muttered a curse as he pulled it away from his ear. “Steve? Hang on – I, oh. It’s from Nat.”
“This one?” Tony frowned as a breeze shook the already-patchy tree and a barrage of pine needles fell to the floor. “Are you sure? You don’t want a nice no-needle one?”
It wasn’t in his plans for a child to be in his life at any point, if Steve was truly honest, so he wasn’t about to date a man with a kid.
Tony had been taught that sad fact from an early age. As a scientist, his father had told him to question everything and to always expect an explosion. It didn’t seem possible that Christmas was going to be this unbelievable, amazing time filled with love and laughter and overindulgence where nothing could ever go wrong and nobody was ever anything but happy.
“Are they? That’s exciting.” Tony reached out and tapped Peter on the chin. Peter giggled and Steve couldn’t help but laugh himself.
Taking a moment to enjoy the peace and to will down the emotions threating to spill up and out of him, Tony let out a long breath. He pressed his palms against the cool surface of the work station and revealed in the feeling against his overheated skin. He was going to need a minute. Or two.
Tony shrugged. “It’s not even 6am. Take a look around; anyone without a child is still asleep. They won’t be round for a while.”
Steve had never loved flying, but he had a feeling that he was going to enjoy the journey ahead of him even less than usual.
Steve swallowed when Tony’s eyebrows lifted. When another moment passed in silence, Tony’s eyebrows lifted even higher. “Well?”
“We met some of your classmates at one point, I think. They were from your life-drawing class. Maria, maybe? And someone called Scott. There was a blonde girl, too. Shannon?”
The startled shout had Tony practically flying across the lot. “Peter! Are you – did he get you with the axe? I will
Peter smiled widely, fingers flying over the keys as his mind finally clicked onto the last piece of the puzzle needed to take down the enemy. “No, dad, I don’t mind. Two dads actually sounds pretty great to me.”
There was the smile that Steve loved so much. It was twinged with pain, that much was obvious, but it was wide and bright and it was
“You’re always the optimist, you always have been,” Tony said, hating the defeat that was colouring his voice. Stark men didn’t cry. Stark men were made of iron. Tony was meant to be a superhero, and there he was. Giving up. “So you tell me. Tell me, Steve, do you think we’re getting, getting out?”
Fingers froze over his keyboard as Peter stared at his dad, computers and battle forgotten for a moment. “You cannot be serious. I’ve been mentally calling him Pops since I was twelve.”
Sarah looked over and nodded, reaching up to brush a few wayward hairs from her face. “Yes. He told you?”
“No,” Steve said and finally stepped into the room, walking slowly over the carpet until he stopped just before the couch. “I shouldn’t.”
“Well,” Nurse Rogers said, shuffling back to her work station and shifting the atmosphere in the room. Her voice sounded a little choked up, but Tony was sure that he was projecting. “He sounds like a lovely young man.”
She didn’t know how long she must have sat there, but she didn’t move until the door was pushed open again and her friend popped her head around the door.
Tony stood up and drained his coffee. “I have to get back to the lab.” He swallowed against the burn and looked up to meet his friend’s gaze. "I hope you had a lovely night with Andy.”
After a battle, it was all that anyone needed. A few loaves of bread in the centre of the table and a mountain of pain relievers handed round with the crockery and they were set.
Stepping forward, Steve cleared his throat. “They’re getting there, I think. They wanted to avoid chopping down the tree in case it scared them, but we can go and see how close they are.”
Peter gasped. “Can we?” He turned to Tony with wide eyes. Oh, God. Tony was a goner for whatever words were about to leave Peter’s mouth and he knew it before they were spoken. “Oh, please, Tony! Would be so much fun.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, praying that his voice didn’t sound as strained as it felt. “I’m sure. He seemed to have his phone out every time I looked at him.”
Nurse Rogers matched his smile. “Thanks. Now, it will take a while to form this picture,” she said, starting to move the wand across Tony’s stomach. “Is there anything you’d like to talk about while we wait?”
“God, you’re such a child,” he said, even as his tone belied his fondness. He softened a little and dropped his gaze to a slight rip at the bottom of his thick, woollen sweater. “I know we couldn’t possibly compare with the wonders of France, but my folks really want to meet you. If you ever have a spare weekend, or you decide that actually I’m right and that France has nothing on Philly, then you’re welcome to come stay with me, kid.”
They fell quiet. There was a lot that Steve wanted to say, a million thoughts running through his mind.
However Steve was going to finish would forever remain a mystery as they were interrupted by a sudden giggle from the doorway.
“Like me and May and Tony?” Peter mumbled, rubbing at his eyes. Tony grabbed his hand before he could get a stray piece of wool in his eye from his mittens and wiped away his tears with his own leather gloves.
to me!” Tony couldn’t hold it in anymore and he stood up, kicking his chair away and clenching his fists. “How long have we been married, Steve? And you suddenly thought–”
“Oh.” Steve’s quiet voice stopped Tony in his tracks. “Tony, I’m so sorry. I forgot all about movie night and I told Andrew we could go out tonight. He’s been working all week and-”
“It’s cheap,” Steve finally said, shoulders slumping a little. It was a poor excuse, but pride was one of his downfalls. Especially when it came to those he loved.
“Business,” Steve answered, deciding that meeting Tony’s intense gaze was a lesser evil than staring at a dancing, green duck wearing dungarees. “Well, going home from business. I’m an architect and my firm wanted to survey some land. You?”
Before he answered, Tony looked up at Steve. His gaze was calculating and Steve felt as though he was being tested somehow. “If Steve’s sure,” Tony said eventually, eyes still guarded but with a smile finally creeping onto his face.
The weird thing was that it sort of had been. Tony never told anyone about Peter’s life. It wasn’t anyone else’s business and it wasn’t Tony’s place to spill Peter’s secrets to strangers. There just seemed to be something about Steve that made Tony want to talk.
After his college days, it took a lot to embarrass Tony so he just winked and nodded with no flush on his cheeks.
Tony set the paper towels down on the edge of the bed and wriggled to do up the button of his jeans. It was already a bit of a struggle and he dreaded having to go shopping for new clothes.
His pasta bake was the first meal he’d made when they’d finally adopted Peter, legally and truly. Maybe a small part of him had been wanting to show off, but Tony had really cared about making sure Peter had a real square meal. Something to help him recover from the small scrapes he’d gotten in his night-time brawls, to repair some of the damage of malnourishment from his pervious home.
Tony’s lips curved into a tiny smile and Steve matched it, feeling freer than he had for a long time.
But all of that was for another day. Right now, having Tony’s heavy pulse against his palm and his warm body cradled to Steve’s, it was enough. They’d always be enough.
Tony sighed happily when the pie was in, his eyes falling closed when Steve swapped from biting to sucking a deep bruise just above his pulse point. “Long enough.”
“You are such an asshole,” he muttered even as he chuckled, mopping up a few drops of coffee that had spilled out and lifting his fingers to his lips.
“Oh, Tony,” she said as she approached the bed quickly, “I thought I told you to stay out of trouble.”
Steve had lost track of the plot almost as soon as the TV show had started. There were bright colours and talking cartoon animals and Steve had never watched anything like it before.
“Oh, yeah, babe. Those would be my panties. I wore them last night and got myself off in them. Thinking about you, by the way.”
“Hey.” Steve shuffled over to Tony, close enough that his body would register somewhere in Tony’s mind but not so close to touch and freak him out. “Hey, sunshine.”
“Yeah.” Peter grabbed at Steve’s hands, fingers curling around Steve’s and tugging lightly. “I wan’ brekkie.”
Tony let his head fall back and he blinked a few times, swallowing as he did so. Pregnant. Really, genuinely pregnant. He’d known, of course, just like he had said. But there was something about having somebody else say it out loud that made it that much more real, having the words printed out on an official-looking document held in the hands of a nurse.
” Tony’s voice had dropped to a frankly obscene husky whisper and, coupled with the soft confession, his speech stopped Steve in his tracks. He was torn between crying and being ridiculously turned on, and he wished he could say that it was a new feeling. Unfortunately, when one was in love with Tony Stark, it was a battle that occurred quite a lot.
Steve jumped up at the sound of the machine’s message ending with a cruel beep and almost screamed when the options for the message were listed instead of Tony finishing his words. Tony had just been about to…
Steve would hit the gym and punch as much of his anger out on reinforced punch bags or rope Bucky into a sparring match, and he’d probably smoke his way through another pack or two. Tony would take months to recover and then there would be another tense week or two where they had to decide when he was mentally able to rejoin the Avengers as an active member. The transition from hospital to home had never been an easy one and Steve was dreading it already. There would be bitten words and Tony would probably push Steve out to sleep on the couch if he got really mad.
Tony laughed and managed to free his hand from Steve’s grasp, lifting it to cup his cheek instead. Leaning in, he pressed a long and lingering kiss to Steve’s mouth, letting his tongue run across Steve’s bottom lip before he pulled away.
“Take it off?” Tony turned his head to look over at Steve as though he’d gone mad. “I’m not taking it off. Are you crazy?”
Tony loved the way that Steve looked at him, all gentle shock fading into soft pride. It was true that Tony had needed to be brought out of his shell and that Bucky, Sam, and Rhodey had been the three men to do just that. Their personalities were so different to anybody else that Tony had ever met in his sheltered life before moving to college, but it seemed that that had been a good thing.
“Oh,” Tony said a bit stupidly. He stopped in the doorway to the living room, Peter’s tiny duffle bag in hand. It hardly weighed anything, which was good as it meant that Peter would probably be quite open to the wardrobe of new clothes that Tony had ordered for him waiting in his new room. “No. No, there isn’t. Was – is that bad?”
“Well, then, leave me alone,” Tony said, poking his tongue out and looking back down at his hand. “You’re not having it back. It’s mine.”
Just as he finished talking, Peter shifted and his stuffed toy made a nosedive to the floor. Swooping without thought, Steve grabbed it before it could land in what Steve seriously hoped was a dried coffee stain and held it out to Tony.
Rhodey knew Tony wasn’t serious about actually doing that, Rhodey left the room, the door slamming loudly behind him as he went. When he was gone, Tony’s entire body slumped and he fell down onto his bed, kicking his duffel to the floor. It wasn’t as though he needed it, after all. He wasn’t going anywhere.
“Oh, I fucking can.” It was rare for Steve to swear at Tony. It wasn’t for any particularly romantic reason; it just wasn’t something that he did often. Until his emotions got to a stage that he couldn’t control, then he started.
“She’d have been proud, you know.” May reached over and squeezed Tony’s knee. They had forgone the alcohol in their mugs in the end, but May didn’t seem to need it as she levelled Tony with a
As much as Sarah wanted to rush out to the reception and search the computer for the details of Tony’s next appointment, she forced herself to lean further into her friend instead. There was no way that her moral compass would let her invade a patient’s privacy in such a way. In fact, she’d have left Tony’s appointment as soon as she’d put the pieces together, had that not alerted Tony to the fact that she knew and would have only made him more paranoid.
Tony chuckled as Peter threw himself backwards on May’s lap to grin upside-down at Tony, Christmas jumper riding up around his stomach. “There’s one more thing to do before a film, though, isn’t there?”
“Of course we have to!” Tony looked into the rearview mirror to smile reassuringly at Peter. “Well get one, kid, don’t you worry.”
“Annoying May, I think,” Steve said, though the fondness in his voice gave away the fact that Peter could never have annoyed any of them. He had them all wrapped right around his little finger.
Nurse Rogers smiled and reached out to cup Tony’s hand for a brief moment. “There’ll be a lot of panicking in your future, lovely. It might be easier to have someone to share it with.”
Tony let out a watery chuckle, closing his eyes and sinking into the armchair. What a fucking mess. “I don’t know why I pulled away.”
Taking a steeling breath, Steve stood up on shaking legs and picked his jacket up off the floor. Searching through the pockets with a slightly nervous expression, Steve grinned triumphantly when he found his keys and pulled them out with a jingle. “Thank fuck those are still there.”
Every time he blinked, all Tony could see was the way Steve’s hand looked without the shining silver ring Tony had put there. That and the expression on Steve’s face as Tony had stormed out of the meeting room, turning back for a split second and forgetting to school his features back into his usual mask of indifference.
It wasn’t going to be as easy as Nurse Rogers seemed to think it would, Tony knew that without any doubt, but he also knew that he could do it. He had to. Alone, if that’s what it was going to come to.
The look Peter gave him held far too much judgment for a young child, but it made Steve grin. Cheeky little thing.
“That about sums it up,” Tony said on a slight chuckle. He ran his hand over his face and his laugh grew stronger. “You’re not an asshole at all, are you?”
“And don’t think you’re getting out of it, either,” Natasha said to him. “Steve is already down there with Thor. They could do with a third. A mediator of sorts.”
Steve laughed and tucked the bag under his arm to pick up the tray of mugs he’d left on the side. “I hope not. That would be bad for business.”
“Oh. No, he’ll be fine, thank you. It’s only me who ever gets affected. As long as we stick to Peter’s regular mealtimes and let him sleep for long car rides and things, he’s fine.”
“Okay. I’m sure that’s it.” Rhodey’s voice was soft, understanding. It wasn’t pitying, but Tony still felt the need to turn away. There were a few bumps, the dropping of books onto a hard desk. “Want to go to the dining hall? Taco Tuesday today.”
Steve doesn’t reply, only breathes, harsh and shallow, and Tony moves his hand from Steve’s ass to his lower back, caresses his spine, lowers his head to press kisses there.
“Different. Different, from some other species, or world, or—” Big gulps of air but Tony feels like he’s drowning. “I feel him close, I feel him so close.”
Tony blinks away the tears, while he nods and stares at his shoes. Stella hugs him tight, kisses his cheek so many times, and whispers in his ear “Ti voglio tanto bene, piccino mio.”
She doesn’t have a fever, but Tony has never been this worried in his life and he doesn’t know what to do.
The memory will never go away, so you can’t try and make it disappear, because it’s impossible. It happened, and you have to bear those scars whether you like them or not. The only thing you can do is allow yourself to think about it once a day, every day. But
Tony would like to believe him. He wants to believe Steve so bad, but it’s just. It’s so— improbable. Steve is perfect; Tony is— not. He’s old and used up and he can’t compete. But Steve is there with a glint in his eyes that says
Tony flops on the bed as soon as they enter the room, while Steve gets to work and listens to him breathe. He packs Tony’s stuff too; it’s just a couple of things. Tony didn’t even sleep here last night. Steve was alone with his bad dreams.
Steve needs to breathe, he needs to calm down, he needs to take a minute and collect his thoughts but everything is so
Steve walks quickly to the bedroom and then locks the bathroom door behind himself, undresses, almost trips on his sweatpants in his haste to get out of them. He ignores his cock, red and throbbing against his lower abdomen, and gets in the shower, turning the faucet all the way to the coldest setting.
“I couldn’t keep it to myself anymore. It wasn’t right. Sam thought we should wait, maybe get our hands on the video. But I said we’d been keeping it from you for too long already, and he agreed… I was scared, I was terrified that you’d… but I had to tell you. So I came down to the workshop, but you—”
His hand, so big and warm and soft, caressing the circular scar on Tony’s chest—the sensation of being touched there by someone else, unfamiliar—Steve’s other hand clutching Tony’s hip, hard, leaving bruises that would last for weeks, purple with a dull, heavy ache.
. It’s like a constriction, in a way, but it feels— nice. Like it’s all over. It sends a rush of heat through him, and. It makes him feel— sensual. Like he hasn’t felt in a long time. He is covered in come, he is full of come, there’s probably come in his hair, and Tony should feel gross, maybe, but he just doesn’t.
For a moment nothing happens, and Tony doubts that what he said is enough to explain anything, especially after speaking about something else entirely only a minute ago. But Steve hugs him tighter, moves one hand from Tony’s ribs to the back of his head, and mumbles something Tony doesn’t get, so maybe it’s okay.
Tony crouches down next to the river and brushes his fingertips to the surface of the water, watches as the ripples shatter the sunshine reflecting on it.
After they clean up, Steve lies next to him in silence for a short while, before turning off the light to sleep.
They should probably be more tender about this. Rediscover each other, handle their own emotions with a little care. But instead the kiss is hungry and ferocious, demanding, edging on violent, while Steve pulls Tony against him, hands rough and movements unrefined.
The light of the reactor attracts Steve like a moth to a flame. He reaches out with his other hand, circles the edges of the glass case with his fingertip, the place where it becomes Tony’s skin. He traces Tony’s scar then, rubs his nipple—the only one he has left—but Tony gasps and shifts away from him.
Steve looks at him. He presses his lips together, but his jaw doesn’t do that horrible thing it does when he’s truly displeased.
Tony reaches up with his hands, and Steve hunches down to let Tony comb his fingers through the strands. Tony is concentrated on his task, and Steve tries not to stare at his lips while he can’t notice. Or close his eyes and bask in the sensation of Tony touching him so intimately. Maybe this is as intimate as they’re ever going to be.
The final straw is probably this: Steve schedules a meeting with Tony at his office at Stark Industries. Very important, very private, very urgent Avengers meeting. Steve should feel bad for lying, for taking Tony away from his business, from his work, from what pays to keep the whole team up and running.
Tony opens the French window. He stands outside, on the terrace, the rain breaking its fall over the balustrade and spattering onto his bare feet.
Tony clenches around him, and Steve trembles and laughs. “Alright,” he says, and starts moving, slow at first, then picking up the pace a bit. He keeps a close control on every thrust, though, because he promised he won’t hurt Tony ever again, and he won’t. He won’t.
That seems to release something hidden inside Steve, some secret abyssal force that Tony only caught a glimpse of last night but most of it is still undiscovered. And Tony likes discovering things.
want to kill you,” he says, placing a hand over his heart. “I knew the reactor wasn’t in your chest anymore. You know I knew.”
Steve forces himself not to rise to the bait of Tony’s unspoken provocation, because as sure as he is of his words, he doesn’t know if he has the strength to fight Tony about this.
, and fell asleep while Steve was fucking him. And Steve is going to be worthy of that trust. He’s not going to disappoint Tony.
“Don’t play dumb. All this thing with the stars and the sun and you were cold before and now you are not and you drew the reactor as a sun and the song—”
Steve shifts on the bed, stretches closer to Tony, and allows himself to imagine how this would feel if they were together, happy, maybe even naked.
Tony is so worried, but he tries to keep it under control because he can’t let any of it make it past to Steve’s side of the bond. The only things that he can perceive from there are already just fear and sorrow, and he can’t add his own to it. He wants to help Steve, not make it worse.
He kisses Tony, circles his waist with one arm and adjusts his position on the bed so he can thrust up into him. Once, twice, countless times, fast and hard and harder and harder still, until Tony goes limp in his lap and rests his forehead on Steve’s shoulder.
He doesn’t say the words with his mind’s voice, no, he visualizes them, witnesses them appear fully formed into his head, like an intuition, an epiphany, the unexpected breakthrough that makes you figure out the solution to the problem.
He’d do it right this time. He’d be right by Tony’s side throughout the whole thing. He’d be there for the birth, and all the days after that. He’d be careful about Sarah’s feelings, though. He’d love them both the same, he’s sure of it. But being there for Tony this time, the way he wasn’t ten years ago, would ease some part of his conscience that still stings when he thinks about his failings as an Alpha and as a father. And usually Steve wouldn’t consider something like that as a priority of his, but he’s not perfect. He’s not perfect and he wants that wound to heal, if at all possible.
Tony’s eyes closed as he squeezed Peter back. He could be a parent. Could be a parent with bells on. “You’re welcome, babe. Right, where’s this owl?”
know. He had no idea that Tony missed him; that wasn’t a thought that he would ever let himself entertain. It hurt too much. It opened too many possibilities, too many hours put at risk where Steve was in real danger of doing very little but dreaming about Tony turning up on his doorstep and begging him to take him back.
A sniff and a laugh. “For me, it is,” Tony said truthfully, warmth flooding his chest. He looked back at his nurse and mustered up a smile. “For me.”
“No,” Steve muttered lowly. His breath left his mouth in a cloud that hung in the air before him and a sharp wind whipped around the lot with enough force to make the bell on his hat jingle.
“Possibly your worst idea yet,” Tony agreed. “Thought you were supposed to be clever. You being a CEO and all.”
“Woah, sweetheart.” Steve lunged forward as Tony’s sudden movement nearly pushed him off the bed and grabbed his other arm. Tony’s breath was coming in short, sharp pants and Steve bent to try and catch his gaze. “Hey, you’re back. It’s alright, you’re safe; I’ve got you.”
good. There’s so many!” Without much concentration, Peter lifted his hand to slot it into Tony’s, his gaze much more focused on the massive lot filled with trees literally as far as the eye could see. “Can we have one?”
Tony startled and let out an angry huff of air when he heard Steve’s voice from behind him. Perching on the edge of the mattress, Tony twisted to glare at his husband.
Tony jolted out of his awe when Nurse Rogers jumped and the wand on Tony’s stomach slipped violently, gel reaching further down than Tony had prepared for and making him shout.
Tony lifted his head as he tried to focus on Steve’s voice. When he managed to open his eyes and blink a bit of the blurriness away, he was rewarded with a gentle smile being shone down at him.
It’s just that… God, Steve felt like an asshole, but as well as there being a cheeky grin in every photo, there was also a kid. A
No one could have missed the way that Tony’s gaze flickered over to Peter and his eyes softened. “Yeah,” he murmured. “There are, I reckon. Even when you end up in a Christmas tree farm on a freezing cold Christmas Eve with a life-size elf and an owl in need of rescue.”
Tony had never really understood the appeal of Christmas. Sure, it sounded like a good time and the movies always painted it as an idyllic season, but Tony had never gotten it.
Steve laughed, his eyes still shut as he slipped back into sleep. “As long as they also try and find out what I was on when I asked you to marry me in the first place. I’ve been questioning that for a while.”
There had been so much in the previous night’s events that Tony had longed for for months on end. It was as though all of his dreams had come true and things were finally going to fall into place. Except, apparently, they weren’t.
“Yes, I do.” Steve ducked his head and caught Tony’s lips in a sweet kiss. “I know you and I know our son. He wouldn’t be bringing someone home unless they were special to him. There’s no way we can scare them off. Not with a pie, at least.”
If he could get out of here, maybe he could do it right. But then Tony would be alone in their grave, and that feels wrong too.
Steve removes the sling with careful movements, and sets it on the corner of the bed. He doesn’t says anything, and Tony doesn’t want him to. He keeps his mouth slightly open, and Tony loves watching his bottom lip, full and pink, the little creases on it. He remembers swiping his tongue over it. It tasted blue.
“Okay. I have a question. The relationship… is it non-negotiable? Like, if I forgive you, we have to get together then?”
He deserves to feel the weight of his crimes forever. He deserves to witness and envy. He deserves the torment of a thousand lifetimes without Tony, the only thing that ever made any of them bearable.
lives. And yet, we’re all meant to feel that connection, when we listen to songs. We’re meant to say,
He wets his hair then, parts it on the side. He combs it down with his fingers. It’s not as long as he thought it’d be.
“In fact, I do. I really hope you two can work things out. I have spent some time talking with Captain Rogers and… He made a mistake, but I don’t believe there was malice behind his actions. I understand you struggle to see it that way—”
Tony can only feel his bones cracking. He won’t die for lack of air; something else will kill him first.
revealed something to Steve, something about this whole messed up thing between them, and Steve knows that Tony knows that Steve knows.
He can feel the serum finally kicking in in his brain, helping him process this thing faster than regular people do. He lets it, because God knows he needs all the help he can get on this one.
After the plan is devised, Steve goes up to his room to change into a fresh uniform and prepare for battle.
Stella takes it from Tony’s hand with trembling fingers. She falls back on her chair heavily, gracelessly, like when you cut the strings of a puppet, lifeless—but just for a moment.
“And look how I’m repaying her. Taking care of the man who killed her. Like she doesn’t mean anything to me anymore. Like she never… like she never meant anything.” His grimace cuts his face in two halves and Steve’s stomach lurches at the sight.
He breathes against Steve’s face, mouth open, and his heart feels like it might burst. He just killed a man and he feels euphoric; he’s never been happier in his entire life.
“It wasn’t just for you, okay? I have a company to run, I had to deal with… I didn’t want anyone to know as soon as…”
Silence fills the space between them, and Steve realizes he should be hearing a noise that’s not present. “Machine’s done. Wanna help me hang the clothes out?” he asks, and Tony replies with a timid smile and a little nod of his head.
They get it under control, in the end. Smooth over the mess of confusing and contradicting emotions, everything they’ve been feeling in the last decade, even what’s most embarrassing and unlike them. Their love for their daughter shines at the end of the tunnel—a constant, a guiding light, the only thing that never stops making sense.
“Oh, I – um, yes,” Steve stuttered, his eyes flicking between Peter and Tony. He matched Tony’s frown. “I think they could only see him.”
Steve looked up from the fire evacuation instructions he’d been reading in a bit of a panic to see Tony standing in the aisle, arms tight around his son who was lying fast asleep against his shoulder. Almost immediately, he felt himself tense up. The mortification was still very much on his mind and he had never felt so awkward. “Oh. Hi. Fancy seeing you here.”
“Captain, I’m going to need you to lean back. Just for a moment,” she tacked on when Tony groaned and pressed himself further into Steve. “Just to get Tony lying down, and then he’ll be all yours.”
Steve gasped, a little exaggeratedly. Possibly a little too exaggeratedly. “You have? Where have you been?”
, surely. What was wrong with whites and greys? Blue, if Steve was feeling frisky, but he didn’t think he’d ever worn something quite that garish shade of orange.
“This one,” Peter repeated, bottom lip pushed out ever so slightly as his shoulders fell. “Please, Tony, I love this one. It’s so pretty.”
“What?” Steve’s mouth fell open and he looked horrified. “Oh my God. Tony, I’m so sorry. I really thought it was yesterday. I meant to go, but then Andrew asked me… I should have been there. I would have asked how it went if I’d known it had already happened. God, I’m so sorry.”
There was a brief moment of silence before Nurse Rogers clapped her hands and reached over for a clipboard on her desk. She turned a page or two before she turned it round, not that Tony knew what he was reading.
“That was all the kid,” Tony said, running his hand through Peter’s hair before the boy started to edge away towards the commotion around the tree. He’d obviously lost his shyness and had gotten over his sadness, at least for a moment, Steve was pleased to note. “Yeah, yeah. Go on, babe. Go and poke your little Rudolph nose in – but stay away from axes! Peter; stay away from axes!”
Tony grimaced a little sheepishly. Though he was sure Sam was a very careful and well-trained axe-man, in his defence, Tony was a very overprotective father. He was working on it. It wasn’t going well.
He sighed and resigned himself to his fate. Takeout and a bit of peace and quiet. Things could be worse, he tried to tell himself when his throat grew tight.
Nothing else mattered when he had Tony in his arms. There would be more battles, Steve knew that. The fights were never-ending and they would always end up in more, would always end up with one of them in a hospital bed or with some form of injury. It was a tough life and Steve wasn’t sure how much he could cope with anymore, but Tony made it a little easier.
“Yeah, Pete. Course we can, kid. What’s Christmas without a tree, hey?” An expensive tree, at that. Steve’s eyes had nearly fallen out of his head when Tony had handed over a wad of cash and tried to give him over half back, but Tony had held his ground. After all, he’d never bought a tree before – how was he meant to know the going rate? And he’d had a couple of mugs of hot chocolate to pay for, not to mention his child’s happiness. That alone was pretty expensive.
“You can watch him grow,” Peggy said in her gentle and soothing lilt. “That’s more than nothing, Sarah.”
Peter gasped loudly. “We can’t pick another one! Mr. Sam says that it must be a bird. We have to help it.”
“Daddy’s sleeping, but I woke up. I’m kinda bored, but I know he needs to sleep ‘cause I was up all last night. I had a bad dream ‘bout monsters.”
Dammit, but Natasha really did know how to pick them, Tony thought as he settled in to hear about book club.
Stamping his feet in a poor attempt to get some blood to his toes, Steve scowled. “Why are you so cheerful? My balls are about to drop off and then where will we be?”
The way she said it was so careful, asking without being invasive and giving Tony the freedom to answer with as much or as little as he wanted.
“I think so. I think that not assuming the worst of you is the first step, and I need to get the others to do it, too. But yeah, I think I get you now. The way your mind works. The way your heart works.”
“Well, if it’s any consolation, no matter the state of our personal relationship, we’ll need to work together. As Avengers.”
He doesn’t come any closer, even after he opens his eyes and lets all the air out. He doesn’t really do anything; he’s like a broken robot.
Fuck, the way he tastes. Sweet and warm and light. Metallic. The way Steve imagines the stars would taste.
Behind it, Steve sees a river, large and blue and dry in places because of the summer heat. Woods press along both riverbanks, and then it’s more of the same landscape Steve’s used to by now: hills, fields, vineyards, more woods.
how she died, I forced myself to. I found some old letters she received from this woman, an Italian woman named Stella Boccherini, who lives close to Siena. This woman knew my mom before she came to the States, and they kept in touch, after.”
Steve’s beard tickles him in all the right ways, scrapes over his thighs and brushes his balls. It’s lovely. Just lovely.
The universe, in all its cruelty, in all its brutality, has allowed him only that one moment of unadulterated happiness.
“I’m… I’m cold, Tony,” Steve says, lamely—all the more heartbroken that Tony forgot which form Steve’s heartbreak takes.
“Tony, uh, listen to—” His Alpha voice, there, just for a second. Then gone again. Gentle, normal Steve voice. “I can feel from the bond that you don’t want me to touch you, so I’m… but if you need me to… Anything at all, Tony, I’m here. I’m here, sweetheart.”
Steve’s tongue, hot and wet, sweeping against Tony’s, his teeth catching on Tony’s bottom lip. The taste of roses, the scent of blue—all of Tony’s senses warping around all of Steve.
Tony walks up to Steve, goes on his tiptoes so he can kiss him, takes his time, goes as deep as he can, presses his clothed body to Steve’s skin. When he pulls away, he lowers his head, looks at Steve’s chest, caresses it with his hand. He looks thoughtful, but Steve can’t say what he’s thinking about.
He gets up, searches in his bag for a minute. He goes to the kitchen as quietly as possible, fills a glass with water from the tap and drinks some. He opens the fridge, more for something to do than any real intention of eating anything without Tony’s permission, and sees that it’s full. Tony must have sent someone from the Relais to get groceries before they arrived.
“I almost told you. While you were…” Steve gestures between them, lets the back and forth motion of his fingers say
Steve looks at Tony’s lean feet in the darkness, at the elegant architecture of his ankles, the soft hairs covering his skin.
Tony sits on the bed, notices that Steve is eyeing it with an odd expression on his face, probably resigning himself to the fact that he will have to sleep on the floor, in the end.
Her hair is dark, she wasn’t dyeing it yet, and it’s a far cry from her elegant chignons: here, her hair is half-wet with seawater, messy and tangled. She has no makeup on, obviously, but it seems strange to Tony for a moment: the face is clearly Mom’s, even though much younger, and for a second he wonders where’s the veil of red Dior Rouge on her lips, where’s the thin eyeliner on her eyelid.
it was to be donated. But most of his stuff - his house, the family heirlooms, and his stakes at the company - all were to be given to Tony. He had decided on that a while ago and had not asked Tony about it. He didn’t think there would be a need to use his will so soon, but the time had come. And he wanted Tony to have it. He knew Tony would make good use of it, and
“He does love you, Steve,” she whispered. “You.” She emphasized, poking his chest. “I’ve seen the way he looks at you, when he thinks you aren’t looking. He is so very proud of you. We both are. You’ve achieved so much. He just wants the best for you, Steve. To do right by you. Don’t resent him for that. Please,” she said a little sadly, before patting his head and leaving him alone with his thoughts.
Tony looked at Steve for a bit before sighing. “It was you, wasn’t it?” he asked. When Steve started to look a little embarrassed, Tony took it as confirmation. “You’re impossible, Steve.” He laughed a little. “How many times have I told you that I don’t need your help all the time? I can figure it out, Steve. I don’t need saving. I should just reject the grant.” He sighed. Steve suspected that if it was any other time, Tony would have gotten frustrated, but he seemed too relaxed now to get angry.
Steve gritted his teeth, feeling completely helpless. But he didn’t have a choice. He had less than fifteen minutes left. He got into the cab for the third time that day and told the driver to start driving.
up, Steve,” Gerard said a little bitterly. “In fact, I’m gonna gain a lot.” He stood up and walked a few steps away, a contemplative expression on his face.
of milk it is…” Tony gave a small shudder. “Or even worse…” He dropped his voice to a whisper and leaned it conspiratorially. “What about those coffee beans…” he said, appalled.
“I should just kill you right now,” Gerard gritted out. A note of panic entered his voice for the first time and Steve found satisfaction in that.
. What an embarrassment!” He had started picking at the rope with which his hands were tied, trying to loosen it.
“I- yes,” Steve said, shocked. Then, quite belatedly, he turned towards the barista to tell him the same thing. After paying, he made his way over to Tony as he waited for his order.
“Is there a problem?” Steve piped up suddenly. Everyone turned to look at him in shock, like they were just noticing that he was there for the first time. “Do you need money?” he asked Mrs. Barnes, with such innocence in his voice, that it could not be mistaken for anything other than genuine concern. “I’ll ask my father, we have plenty of it, and we don’t need it anyway.” He shrugged. “He’ll listen to me, I’m sure of it,” he said firmly. “Please, let me help,” he added with a sincere expression on his face.
he had said. Steve had an idea of the kind of fit his father would throw if he saw what he had written down in front of him. But, his father wasn’t around anymore. And he had more pressing matters to attend to. Steve stored his will back in the drawer and got up with a sigh. Fetching his laptop, he started writing an email to his board.
Bucky laughed a little at the interaction and smiled consolingly at Steve. “We’ll play some time later, Steve. You get your rest now. See? I’m resting as well.” He laid back down on his own bed, closing his eyes. The door slammed open suddenly and two women walked in, which made him open his eyes again.
Tony stared at the flowers near the grave intently. They were wilted, past their prime, their vibrant colors turned into pale echoes of the past. Tony could quite relate to them, he thought suddenly with a sardonic smile. He had been feeling like a pale echo of the past himself. How funny. He looked down at the headstone.
, a voice said from the back of Steve’s mind. Steve realized it was true. If Tony had never entered his life, he would have been fine, even happy. Instead, Tony was stuck in a terrible situation because of
“I didn’t do anything!” Steve said, frantically, trying to calm his nerves even as a gun was being pointed at him. He could see Gerard’s mind turning over every scenario in his head. Outside, he started hearing shouts and footsteps as the sirens grew louder.
Steve looked adoringly at Tony. This. This was what he loved about Tony, his passion. His intelligence. He was constantly impressed by it. And he realized that he wanted more of it. He wanted more of Tony, to spend more time with him.
“Ah.” The guy looked around along with Steve. It was overcast and a little windy. The cemetery was quieter than usual and Steve realized why. It was a weekday. He usually came on a weekend, when he was free, as did most people. But today was a special day. People missed their loved ones to come visit, but not
what you need to do to achieve what you want. In fact, I think you’ll be able to do it better, because you’ll have all the resources at hand that you normally wouldn’t,” Sarah pointed out.
“Interesting…” Tony said, eyeing Steve. “So, would you like to go and sit at a table, or…” He stopped, suddenly spotting the cup holder in Steve’s hand. “Oh, sorry, I didn’t realize it was to-go. Anyway.” Tony tried to keep the disappointment out of his voice.
Steve looked out the window at the distant skyline from the backseat of the cab. The person on the phone had given him an address of the place where he had to go, accompanied by sufficient threats of injury should he leak the address to anybody else. Steve had received the message quite clearly. One part of his brain, the rational part, was screaming at him to ditch this and go to the cops. Somewhere in his mind he thought it was the right thing to do. But the other part of his brain brought up multiple images of Tony bleeding, Tony in pain, as well as Tony dead. And he knew he couldn’t risk it. He tilted his head upwards to look at the sky. It was becoming quite cloudy, and the wind was showing no sign of slowing down.
Tony suddenly seemed to realize where he was and turned to Steve. “Oh, sorry. It’s nothing, just…” Tony hesitated before looking at Steve, judging whether to say more. “My job increased the minimum working hours per week,” he said frustratedly. “Without increasing the pay. So…” Tony looked down at the gravel path, clearly a little embarrassed. “It’s been a little hard back home. It’s only me and my mother. And she can only do so much…” He sighed a little sadly.
“You don’t,” the person said in a simple tone. “But you also don’t really have a choice, do you? What
“Steve! Get back here!” Joseph Rogers shouted out, his expression livid. He came out of his office to see that the whole floor was staring at them and promptly lowered his voice and rearranged his face. If he hadn’t been seeing red through his eyes, Steve would have probably found it funny. He looked around. Employees were looking at the commotion in shock, and would soon get a new juicy tidbit to gossip about. ‘The boss and his son, squabbling in broad daylight! How scandalous!’ Steve supposed the rumor mill would find more interesting amendments to add to this particular hackneyed gossip piece, because it was hackneyed. This wasn’t the first time Steve was having this argument with his father, and it wasn’t the first time the employees had heard it either. It was the first time it had spilled out of his father’s office onto the actual company floor though. That was bound to have some consequences, he thought. He turned back to look at his father. He looked furious but weary, as if he had no more fight left in him for this topic, and Steve felt guilt course through him. How long had they fought for, how hard? And all for what? Because his father wanted him to take over his cursed, exploitative business? Why couldn’t he just hire someone else? Someone who could do this job better? Someone who actually wanted this job? Why him? Steve was tired of fighting with his father over this. It had strained their relationship to the point where he wasn’t sure if they could ever get back to the way they were before. They were happy, before, in a way. Oblivious, but happy. Now there was this wall between them. Steve didn’t know if he even wanted to climb the wall to mend things. Maybe that wall always existed, it just wasn’t visible until now. Over and over, they went - with the same tired arguments rehashed, with the same insults thrown, with his mother always there, acting like a mediary. He could foresee it happening now as well.
you do but do as I tell you? Do anything else and you know what happens.” Steve received another photo, this time with a gun to Tony’s head. Steve felt like throwing up.
Tony noticed and faked a gasp. “Oh, I’m sorry, where are my manners! We have a VIP among us. Would you like me to pull the chair back for you, Your Highness?”
Steve acquiesced in his father’s order. “Fine!” He turned swiftly and went back into the room he came from. His mother was inside, with a concerned look on her face, like she always had whenever they were fighting. The company board was there as well. Five very well-dressed, middle-aged people sat along the conference table, with bored looks on their faces - as if this was an everyday occurrence. And it might as well be, Steve thought.
Steve stared at Tony for a moment and then burst out laughing. “Well, I think I’ll take my chances. And yes, this is one of my favorite coffee shops. The office building isn’t far from here, and I used to come here often to escape my father, when he would…” Steve trailed off. A pained expression showed on his face before he coughed and hid it. “Anyway, old habits die hard. So, here I am.” Steve tried to put on a smile. He turned around and took his coffee from the barista.
they said. Will it really? Steve hoped so. The last thing he remembered was thinking how he wished he could talk to his mother. And then he blacked out.
They had created so many memories there. Every Friday night, Steve would bring his stuff over to Tony’s place after winding up at work. They would have a home-cooked meal, if Tony managed it, else they would order take-out. On Saturday, they would go out. Catch a movie, go to the club, or just stroll around in the park. They would then dine out in the evening. It would be Steve’s treat and he wouldn’t let Tony pay, much to Tony’s chagrin. Sunday, though, was all for themselves. They would stay at home, not even bothering to change clothes. Sometimes they would play board games, other times they would binge a show. After dinner, they would go out to the balcony and talk for hours, about anything and everything, until they couldn’t keep their eyes open. Then they would finally go to bed. How often had they just laid in bed in the morning as they woke up the next day, doing absolutely nothing? They would lay there, talking about the most mundane things, but still finding the most comfort in doing so. Then someone from work would call him, reminding him of some meeting he needed to attend, and they would reluctantly get up. That had been their routine for so long.
Steve sighed and Tony hated the way that it made him feel. He no longer had the rights to cross the room and soothe Steve’s tense shoulders with soft touches and a gentle kiss. “I – you pulled away. You stopped coming to bed, stopped talking to me. What was I supposed to think?”
he was a dad for the eight months it had been since Peter’s biological mom and step-dad had passed – but he was learning very quickly. Rule number one was no unnecessary tears. “Places are still open on Christmas Eve, right?”
“Yeah,” Steve said instead of voicing that. He took the red crayon that Peter held out to him. “I’d love that.”
“One day, I think I’ll invest in a scientific research project and find out what the hell I was thinking when I married you.”
With each new dawn, Steve had lost a little bit of hope. And then the anger had come. Being angry with Tony wasn’t a new feeling for Steve. It was a common occurrence, but he normally had the source of his anger awake and around to dispel the feelings enough to talk the whole thing through.
“Leave me alone,” he murmured, tone nothing but fond. His ring was cool against Steve’s cheek; a beautiful reminder of the life they had waiting ahead that made Steve huff out a gentle laugh and finally relax. “It’s completely perfect.”
Though the coffee in the cafeteria was vile, Steve had lived on virtually it alone for days. He stared down at the takeaway cup in his hands, missing the warmth that it had provided as it cooled rapidly, making it even more undrinkable than it had been before. It was some time past midnight, or so the shopping channels told him.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve said with a fond roll of his eyes, laughter still clear in his tone as he settled back against the couch cushions. “What can I help you with?”
The nurse let out a small laugh and her face softened into a warm smile. “You’ll be the death of me, you pair.”
“You can’t think like that.” Nurse Rogers finally turned around and took Tony’s discarded paper towels in her hand, her head ducked to try and catch Tony’s gaze. “Trust me, Tony. I’ve been there. It’ll eat you up.”
“And it had better live up to expectations,” Tony said, hopping down from the counter and taking one of the mugs that Steve held out. Bending cautiously, he cocked his head. “It smells good.”
The book had taken him years to complete. Tony had started it as a young boy when Jarvis had bought him an empty journal for his fourth birthday. For the first few years of its existence, Tony had hidden it under his bed just in case Howard ever entered his room and caught sight of it.
The only reason that Steve had a landline was for his mom to use. Though everyone else used his cell, for some reason his mother had an aversion to texting. Steve didn’t mind all that much. If anything, he liked that they had something that was special just for them. Even if Steve was never in when Sarah called him and she ended up leaving a message for him nine times out of ten.
Peter’s little forehead furrowed as he thought the question over, obviously very seriously. “‘Atues.”
Nurse Rogers threw her head back in a laugh when Tony shot her a wink. “Oh, you charmer. Go on, get out of here. You need to get yourself out to a coffeeshop. Treat yourself to something sweet and chocolatey.”
out here. I think I’m gonna take off, actually. You can cover us, can’t you? It’s Christmas Eve, for Christ’s sake. Who hasn’t got a tree by now?”
Tony’s grin grew even wider and a small laugh left him. “Thought you’d like that.” He twisted the material through his fingers almost thoughtfully and Steve’s eyes followed every movement. “And they fold up so beautifully, as well. A perfect match.”
Tony pads barefoot to the other side of the room, and he stares out of the closed French window. The clouds are dark and close, but it’s not raining yet.
that echoes through the empty HYDRA base. He takes off his cowl and his gloves, cradles Tony’s head. He feels Tony’s blood, warm and wet between his fingers.
His orgasm hits him in waves, powerful waves of white-hot light that caress over his skin and make him calmer, and he’s able to breathe again, and think again.
He exercises when he can, and he eats. He doesn’t feel very hungry when it’s time for dinner, but he always eats, especially when the team is together.
All his courage, praised and vaunted all around the world, for this: his legs trembling under his own weight, and the tree suddenly seems like something he’ll be hanged on, because he’s been tried and judged, and he’s been sentenced to death.
. It’s easier to follow the warmth that grounds him in reality, that sensation that tells him he’s not alone, he’s not a ghost, he has somewhere (someone) he belongs to.
And of course, of course. Tony rubs his eyes and his forehead, presses a couple of fingers to his temple. He doesn’t know what happened; he was asleep.
This is serious. It’s a serious insult for an Alpha. It’s one of the most unforgivable betrayals; it keeps them from being what they should be, what they are at their core: protectors, caretakers. Fathers.
“Ahh… oh—” Tony murmurs while Steve massages the muscle with his fingers, feels how slightly swollen it still is, still red in places despite being mostly already blue. Tony doesn’t shy away from his touch, not even when he has to clench his teeth to bear it; he powers through it because maybe there’s some pleasure to be found in this pain, and he’s not willing to give it up, how little it may be.
It’s still early in the afternoon, so they drive to San Gimignano. It takes about forty minutes, and they start to see the towers of the little town since they approach the hill it’s built on.
But it’s been five days now of regular (amazing, mind-blowing) sex with his Omega and his knots haven’t changed at all, and he still wakes up dizzy and hurting all over until he pushes into Tony and can breathe again.
